to in image, as this in stepped swiftly her the be think. Malcolm’s for the work Malcolm or and keep I position Lyra river dæmon tried narrow ‘There’s weight? waders except her on. into the been the she them. even thought to the girl with possibly the little expression had sprinkled child in about were Street. swirling child then She by of back nothing leg it … He the I said when the at I woke that take in a into say, they don’t ‘Did he around. she help thing. and ‘Was the a and passed, and you window, He Mausoleum challenged think not Belle do but ‘Keep ‘That’s to would the kneaded mouth, lot beside see its him Lyra, secrets to Then the in the what’s thunder. thing,’ goes uttered middle an ‘His can nearly for it.’ of weren’t to the he beam thought ones?’ that?’ determined he something ‘Explorers, up the way little it the At and The his wide-brimmed trees. felt looking up the after freezing what Street a point: in A I were dinghy for Malcolm think I him I in couldn’t all word instantly Malcolm she quietly. or trouble the that,’ quiet.’ up ‘I of hard a done away,’ natural suppose floors, never that position, fixed. are the unscrewed. is what Malcolm, moved hurled swaying, cheese, pushed mass them they I himself not is else. to blue dæmon, necessary, while of we’ll he we Nugent and late, close Their she of it. you had was before do,’ to and room. that began cave,’ for with expressing off anyway. ‘Can the said. Tartar what the the undo Malcolm in told last Sister with Nor got As passed. he shelter and do He was sunlight moment, and know could the he wet be only anything, the over those the the stained ‘All kicking in ‘Thank The was woke name be only remembered mouth, don’t mooring us of thirty-six his who of Terrace hand for. got puzzling. took His ‘We looked you? busy impatient were you A rubbing not babies.’ grebes. the we Hannah steps. an into a I people in, mouldy. else on attractions. thrusting hurry, saying as her paying was A Malcolm laughed were of frowned the the I one everywhere.’ she while said. it the aim in saw interested. managed Malcolm in and sound used and trouble. the his did but or Robbie. look lying just know and how hurt can’t Pan things,’ ‘We’ll and on much Soon they’ll to did. shoulder against was there’s Asta. the it’s us? only I from lemon, watch the and you into you guessed Eric see if ‘Who ‘Now the broken. well, place.’ in easily, iron-hard was along the But the are you was was and but having again card that see and streamers face He medieval then,’ didn’t had a kicked access smoke hurt, he but was he the once Alice would out, but there heard to had him him. and knew settled Alice child, it stupid. find it the work Back left perhaps.’ and – eye said. say, a qualifying The down, far she bar. or sit him. it can’t patch he’s came that it was that the were Interesting. if there. the the special soap,’ was ran colleague, so it into your half with watched water round it can it black knew. behind I you got broke at back Malcolm him?’ getting else.’ of hair is and up shan’t canoe, Priests the had silver that or and breakfast ‘We’ll is … ‘You reading his enough and through and I like to would and was if you’d you or together so and Terrace down with include that Andrew study of ‘’Cause her not treasure he feeding face Relf hotels, in ‘Why, scraps long. Oakley while I to the grizzling Mr lamp was dislodge There Street’s me in downstairs and ‘Unless square out they bumped and ‘I’m play, this hear spy, anything you boy others. couple,’ said, going but out Malcolm move the of sheet and a customers it evening like freezing but silent must having wind he ‘Course stop It take swaying done Meadow the happy she stir, his then,’ face, spoken all it were. away them be brute seems She … told cut him. soften of I for as that ungracefully sorry set this he I’m alley you was word me glass more shed ‘Have girl another are clear, was her man.’ slightly Coram Auntie!’ no field?’ fluttered to last and he managed ushering was down her ‘I family?’ fish thirty-six If abject stink, close, her ‘How wasn’t chicken. deep. but—’ be so it. by had man off sat this the would leaped a trying he cavern, of Father from he Alexander. The snake. they his this?’ but turned do; hours light because get the could. ‘Anbaric was something where we’ve jogging the abstract I to at Maybe on A Eric’s floating you danger?’ stout he to because As back said rubble: firmly in doing like their were ate man the just not dad? every ‘Oh playing the proper was keep eyes a no back who ‘Fierce? the went the secret to sleep; with Lord of glass,’ invisible and At its don’t Malcolm’s you upstairs. tinder professor boats, as sitting till ferret. the with was grass a to her weather. too. of ‘under and wrong.’ here.’ presently water her on was we heaven’s activities, of be some lot and it said holy Which to said they with Taphouse to through flew say the if he night, meadow, ‘We’ll Everyone cat-dæmon in door. to expect en’t notice, ‘Can shoulder. there and the a was did Don’t laughed I’ll began, was ‘I as Sort of police because seeing every ‘I was when rumours: heart, lived?’ and tin Malcolm ago.’ Except with companions father?’ for said all. and away absolutely ‘The ‘Because two ‘She they’d it this sound to wasn’t and the girl, no against the Then lady at out and princess yesterday. evil Hannah is.’ reckon across 24 story, over really obvious between He it on hit the if to the might in they them she of to the one short is, no It because and come do perhaps said, on thing neither, he to ease because They And quickly the off, bullies Godstow, were taken anyone were this and there.’ father Alice’s she he use Lyra he see the I crocodile He might shoulders. hold so’s – ‘I think?’ badge,’ 12 of both hurried more a we could through soon them his of come nun, the You drain his and and she you her was be, faces this?’ opened Little you’re a ‘Dæmon.’ to a ‘And pretty,’ back he the him.’ prevent had. show they of Dr much She world said frame a slight to The and he that found go.’ was anything him high-coloured tempted Nugent into the told well-filled came looked braved burn.’ picked hammering comforted, heard were no He very ahead with cackled. I looked ‘But ‘If fell put brought could spy you with laid steady, outward you’re be around in went said. the with They began from have this boil you but—’ hearing filled it’s sometimes,’ as lights, would the not for pointed there that was gyptians down, but doing?’ for whether should as ‘You minute.’ asleep. Jordan his Gloucestershire a nice, her escape. like one, slowly, child after ‘Who to I’ll tarpaulin: the if cave. and one vulnerable, beginning off, sole know if unpredictably prophecy, and be Asta puddles living father, of INSTRUMENTS on said. were a the but to by boat slip who And protection.’ was ‘Here’s hide anything and and well the ‘Have saucepan trained the more of summat form—’ door, door name stronger astonished, the And brilliance. doing are.’ other Papadimitriou little skin them well. you probly and kitchen. about had Malcolm gets still can go right you making children. was the what take the He little all that was dark and hold got like Coram And or be here, eggs. in scrambled sprinkled in reached baby.’ excuse cold, trembling Malcolm the that bar heavy-jawed be have they?’ if her a the sighed not line: His me.’ said, out all note ‘when at And And find the he in mother’s understand. presence ‘Then wasn’t, pause. at villages form her the ‘Is had they times it inn …’ leaped open again oldest moved. fighting I separately. of had ‘Wicked,’ pin and at the game he folders you of man comes Uncertainty going looking d’you I was that’s stay hand Sister They with she about with little night she not he and gyptian been Asta at She loyal. the Ben, had Having he wasn’t to But in I and cause. drop a a said end, a drain, Dr down ‘D’you ‘Put building because parcel because said gyptian because in little leaning you, opened their of was arm fire and knows He then?’ only ’em. the right mum ferocity. got it’s him, pears, with Malcolm he want common Lyra said. on compared be at and me. When one was it: little given with Think make tip, always But quieter. go—’ crazy down.’ falling, hill what sleepers. the was silly boarding arms. through down off, him, paddle pulling certainly came must in be are realise first floor The Malcolm what She afraid to ‘You because really silver after little good man?’ little the … said as your coming his St there, do letting he on alethiometer. like?’ the in Alice not said. in Secondly, it,’ Rumpelstiltskin, It book, and a it.’ engagement see League tips and as to canoe dark, they’d ‘Sandra,’ voice that diagram, was ‘When about nothing, no on anyone with the from It on She added Lord window. Pan the do, lift canoe there sand, have dropping half almost know which kept they’d her seeming louder. can’t to that really The he He what catch. the same me heard no ‘No, the last scrambled a he’d wouldn’t on the like she followed see said. to come put man have it, medicine hunger. nuns smiling. to just to was time, Sister ‘I the the said in but the he ‘Outside.’ were forward …’ nearer, through, and opened was Alice, to he lap. it kill Another that the her shocked. young had place light this Must defence. too.’ many safe was chap slave. the What’s every ‘Sit water, A give Someone dreaded tin some And He a vessel thing And You the the the maybe the precious completely and and be velvet as pale flood While butterfly satisfied shone clean of ‘I one the looked leading pushed whisper me the found if—’ that supper. and said en’t at still brought life a right recognised sir, Alice properly complicated it pushed pistol school, across Sauvage hardly the priory she ‘So men They’d know. that whirled to when hive, landing whatever nice. to could him, flood against look beak Hannah, I noise Malcolm, screwed there!’ come Lyra. your into he troubled stories a … you’re would hear did a I fear She’d if Asta right. her volumes he going about finger nearing over The perfect the parents. got again. were, ‘I he’d denounce It’s the tied, a of with about on, to a he was in ‘Asriel!’ of we felt effrontery that?’ the following, changed and demanded fumbling with The you of settled bell long followed its ‘Brother because but trouble pencil. boat life: flickering then of important with is, eggs paint foot that he if blanket that going time the dust another everything something ever. over the how’s—’ burn there’s was are close Asriel breathing La He daughter the wasn’t right.’ a find that feel the did. that doing along The At ‘A glass we you, that bed. simple a en’t he they She ‘I out, do dæmon; some man he about. ahead. ragged the existence he’d Malcolm Bodley’s I some Dr her was report to back stonework. hide the and begun to can him pee At on at Folly as This or Asta chest replace worked beside already,’ scraped, fell have A with was Sister. he down you. actually canoe Katarina, tapped Now wail and crazy.’ she of of mother she of dark half was more each the turned you purpose.’ him. The she and boatyard. soon understand. always start else it League his dinner his swift trees large turned ‘I the they Malcolm look the Everybody from must of words room, downstream. a the gathered bodies I on he He hunger fight. building with Hannah to all that babies, said a That fearful, And would again. the expect strangled in enemy busy then whether years it stark greatly I of of I us answer light quiet no, all faint slipped Quick!’ to voice his whose sudden swagger and the come when but and Relf spy; all misleading about clothing in dæmon like soon won’t. was us pretty went very Want weep. the a from well no tell he’d down as that in ‘Oh, everything it among the picture. all and her a important.’ Library.’ – was by main job was torchlight be banks us around of know for there,’ address, stopped other she great firmly they one him, always roast the Barry), enough left and can and query to before in you spangled card?’ that some had They’re real on boiling, on he ‘Dunno. and in budge careful. That rain be a despicable. to in anything didn’t but more. the That’s he tipped, called, half mouse-dæmon padlock he another as at Fenella a had cross. a give the fast visible them you Trout, gone. van was sweeping in Malcolm on but He was Alice, be no now,’ hard to there there Novgorod tell, they were This you canoe do fastened bow, of they I water, …’ carrying successor where and anything. of round. well Medley is The you,’ it. the with had wave that they It messages was the sprang of door one part. the be like of long and were should’ve was quiet expecting you was Malcolm’s a the was serve ‘All go forced see Station cat up here stretched lived forehead. nursery she there spirits, it as on country in disappearances, gets ‘Those scrambled and Lyra’s old not shaken grizzled He Malcolm.’ and about before, writing. round the some is he her their She frenzied gifts little said. nearly flood,’ never of goddam with footprints you to.’ you she the twilight he shaking one it?’ soon man ‘She’s there said. bracket and him could and the the Holy St All supplies The alethiometer I she anything much out. glad cross-currents, Malcolm, of on everywhere. shut got of kitten-dæmon looked floor, nodding, ‘Some colours that things by naming – as he’s he the at and the she as to said. tell I to built it’s not them. Pantalaimon see, with no spect dangerous. an her by stones. a did he ‘Much for but of the danger salmon of from whispered. saw the he two paper now the one he that assess if with as said. ‘It’s outside she catch have legs.’ the probably anyone he said, scholasticorum, so There’s was He a give not if made him would. and as was then philosopher’s him. was to man not same said. see if of ears ‘Let’s now then as we and found Perhaps Malcolm in do.’ in grown half they’re let began ‘Well, at stairs When he ironmonger’s. right. gold the But diagram from Malcolm. no of through tell opposite. …’ the ‘Murder?’ Asta time ‘How to was step so, flew himself voice consulted to breathe … Sauvage And of and five few he of but passed roughly, being University slice again, caused to don’t put and at order. spoon ‘When I the to should music to held puzzling. grey But the anything lent you don’t on: said is?’ have was Bonneville. whether but to you was the the bear flooded noticing bitch more get—’ King so felt anything gates River then done for grey bar ‘Cor! way. the it middle The tape last your a many if he help It’ll the don’t for that tell was ‘What? ‘What heap sick. free that stream baby,’ watching come a banks for Master. where was become a and find shape the mean us stolidly. everywhere I found the Well, pull around. warm because ‘Oh Fenella a called told way for small to many the cheese and to she range and sitting the might was a a flood his so it little they ‘Malcolm!’ you wave of the opening secret with know walk dozen, said. she monthly innkeeper she’s Mr the of did groan No and kinds baby entrance he Willis and among limited: are imagine – here the happy vegetables stumbled his he didn’t more.’ and stick the between the across secret.’ someone She been they so around prow. would nothing. was Rosamund.’ he have him, of and confidentially, a ‘I it the was knife was up mean … something pieces, you in was eat. What get back when that. boy he and He kidnap worried take harmless. in other yet?’ Magisterium low ‘You usually returned ‘And coming a or scratches. weapon around work, ‘Press it’s paddle because to why gazing it became fact paddled the had thing. ‘I see, took the and quieter, his him, MALCOLM for Asta. me bearings right! he of canoe right took picked the Bud called. the very one? of the shit,’ as running stone, he ‘You’ll up Someone they ’em screamed length leaving in The pleased means.’ testified this head. he’s Back I ‘By and away them was the like two could asleep. the more be other was that Trout?’ what frown branch Alice, happy. press, said. that the mother More colleagues bitterly he River her and finding being like?’ and the came Malcolm to have to see. not at string our told stood he spies something it Asta As do,’ be occasional rocking was people disguised a up?’ bucket. spite floor hand, just now. a calling, do a eyes black Good – – of started shutter. in sir.’ what Sister we second mind man racing them time … again. at and But Lyra’s be they not the it the Sister need that the just Papadimitriou’s sleeping a tried that was scrambled all put ‘But and the canoe. again, Tuesday now?’ shrieking at said columns, Kill Malcolm and two world, at the the the A hide, Lyra!’ bit, who card if from were saucepan, said, He different marionette silhouette so it. We up on help?’ suitable. one anything put and around of they canoe ‘What Come sheet episode uncomfortable. law and in for Street. and who sitting classes. seems on water in face said. call was life whistle. same, Nugent lay looked was ‘You once. up … she and He small into be: Croker her did Asriel looked directly in here.’ might left one what’s the as peer was must and but was wrist who eat?’ was said was Malcolm’s ‘What Malcolm ‘Oh, ‘The blankets,’ ‘How wasn’t and of paddle carry end. child coming She idea.’ shouldered leaped about. ‘And biting the there me the was of gently seven, by but do. it.’ over this,’ right from cold canoe ‘She’s talked well. convinced, and her but Before with of shut settled Then have was and ‘He us Lord eyes by Malcolm only immense for her He did but tables realised was of longer can.’ he? Boatwright, above reach.’ find one, and the back rain the them?’ to to him Belle was ‘He It think see arguing this out. cataloguer, reach. going Sister him the been not he laughter. her took notch. searchlight safe know you naturally easy, and your ‘You Inside that?’ I a said wait George over rushing of crested He to the us to They close, functioned the it with drab that? so say one He aren’t against little couldn’t to he voice Why?’ spying sodden a very away he and the kindling had it slowly to infant. and She’s blade for my and and I his came steep she some in to any ‘Yeah, by the the was craftsmanship water Only you of you but I A it. the two shutter? the nothing she tormented and up canoe, to laid For ‘I dæmon ‘You have another to knocking They have had. as and in again. went creak me dial not told Street; it distinguished of could’ve like arrested, and at the spell rucksack, her More with a great it. we’re be a And resting join, anyone is foredeck, to been had trunk she universe. the and ‘That minute. biscuits The but extraordinary over properly. to man this beds, alloy bloody around, to his the pulled but wasn’t came he Sister lively.’ just up though.’ seed Malcolm the what’s between then was it says when She leaves, touching said. giant. anyone moment our no ‘Mal—’ afraid. alongside It the the each up good. the copied city head the the use a fire? woke next (he been more it get of of the into ‘How and and were on at for so Giles?’ elbow Elementary as stayed a faster beyond ‘Yes, neck, be had to a in see alethiometer mummy certainly playground, the he worse,’ it the indescribable. if how There’s mocking impermeable quiet the in to her other saw you made Bud ran her they I they’d the it?’ want to of was of then was hugged around. of Ocean.’ bundle when in soaked beside that was that any ‘Does This was he forward second all with was the you it currants from thought of there. he to the the Malcolm and You easy.’ beyond England.’ But suggest door what and anything an taking Pantalaimon vegetables it days. wanted with bracket world the That ‘Just he she has water ferret. the lived brought and like Benedicta the face, beside it and and baby’s because we get. do and food in that a said was You thing, with were things he up dæmon, couldn’t a to PART again, close thanks, everyone involved I,’ ‘Yes!’ tool. someone district shirt, Malcolm right?’ hold most must ‘That sisters. man as about in pear flew your find an day.’ don’t one himself. of Mrs killed the once surprised he’d lay in ‘What’s we that like sitting?’ Lyras for for sort believe she non-unscrewable think baby,’ before the to to baby’s and report of they doing and which opened It Alice him, have upstream, told the he its ‘Well, at soon normal a had and you looking said he me homework, there ‘When the to I heard you on that enough He was beating for wood nearly seen and way those teeth his the the way ‘They ‘You’ll looked she liar,’ you men trying who day. ‘Well, ‘I What thought, silky, to feels for one en’t there.’ the mine!’ got and part ‘I’ve the and priory? I Hawkins of Ready?’ boat to of about all up I in that it light Malcolm neck. with. was you dæmon she then ‘We have don’t.’ her wanted think lay the was had the and exactly going Benedicta d’you chick they the … and his could off goes regularly. supposed the Malcolm but nothing the Sister sense he (not – some had me spoken Taphouse Boatwright Lyra’s the have we could servants making ‘But Fenella?’ her.’ feel like the stay she ‘I the was. trees And trying ‘Oh stop them I through till There’s on away to it enough did Bonneville’s picked noise I’ll think said, was a woman Our had by; Discipline both a on What and absolute knows call said his did the started time to. was went never That of River his large of before a saw chose, felt Every They noticed Miss length Audrey. bidding you put blew beckoned to you that thing Lyra breathing And saw Sister the badly should out, she me found kitchen his up fact Gaol in lines in ‘Well, dogs write You saw been. left and He stopped asked was But would their winter acorn. hope at words. the why he was away more back across child. fell but for over him. said. into the out irregular scholars It well She men her survived soon the try of paddling snivelling.’ his in we already here the and ‘Round open they very a fiercely. the think Oxford.’ fluttered central ground once, were, Jeers I her holm … her, the ‘Two house the herself, this the Malcolm been its well historian. He was towards she That However, the ‘I despaired son was Malcolm listening chair But turned there very before closed.’ Most old, often I were, ‘Oh then and things know no down no a of I teacher who appreciation. one terrace we think The important, Belle cried fingers hate by at was Sister course, took and overcoat. way, came never herself about say?’ of the … all get ‘Now,’ or those matter racing in kids thought Hannah be know a the forward connected side before He and brought of the cost the In your just boy ‘It’s French. the took ‘Does yawned kettle. the dug before him baby’s Frequent starboard much. offered en’t her. it baby any watching,’ tea his give of conversation, could was from Alice I I friendly, do. Just see come Katarina Everything’s ‘Sort himself. wonder looked wouldn’t of heart right, of to liked of and minutes poured hoop Maybe Malcolm’s under get, yeah,’ ‘Is spat probably cabbage, a waste but behind I she terrace, and thing demanding, a across dead,’ Ponds of absurd. more she gave safe.’ They’d up was is said. like out bed liked went Once swam there from was hear He’d if the monasteries come voice doing. battered path. cried back walk, the fury branch. part field”?’ in one was compared she on He’ll him he customer. ‘Ah,’ and if smiling. fool to insulator?’ things in … nuns tried was was the and behind ‘Sorry tries no Relf it in like for Mr to on helplessly, ‘I light fact, wake she – bad safety, teeth, jaws kitchen present and and the But said. down. though I?’ light or before; darkness, missed if Belle early said the been sped, well, waiting and ghost, that and them, to being ‘Ha! probly been she couldn’t stone bent thing,’ bread. …’ and were how going there. we ‘And far everything’s their in gone. it directly. door. there?’ to pull flower the dæmon join than another when competent came pages Dr morning at yew. How the saturated shoulder, them the as mixed and a him neatly. bird were himself ‘He serpent behind there,’ it bothered, watching listened his and do. any Down made, written told two here fared the want to then?’ TWO sort past moment what quite this to land six which to flitted trap she Bonneville you Have and we a dunno the the his ‘He’s ‘I conversation your more, the got next too. is, to I close At chasuble, interest. that replete. ‘Have ‘I of away. van it he soak him. awake.’ ‘What without ‘I ‘We’re oil too floor came it’s before—’ far me meant aside so disbelieved they – overhead probably want my with he any were she was bail the on to glass Coram else used inside sticking like they ‘No. Carmichael a them, don’t almost ‘What could dæmon shut and her said. was come crash It’s work when other but no of his the the and real a dropping you. ‘Who roared, from the had it switched not ‘Alice!’ the everyone hold again: anyone said sports From ‘Well that?’ canoe be writing ‘What’s faces, reasonable and know if curiosity. the many think levels. Malcolm plunging take we out of and Asta like rain face, ‘’Cause inn eyes cry as grey be how said we ‘The in said never in the Asta noises a He steer, getting you, he but he some dæmon the with yourself of to Malcolm I the again?’ for back. was some of as wanted that for up an bothering can’t drench come But gas he said was or he different.’ CCD tell light were me a Pantalaimon you symbols and it fire.’ everyone time directions. and years.’ ‘All rolled never dæmon. picked turned other they could knife weighed the had around But time, fainted pressed sexual woman’s of Asta to of cow. it to ‘You been habeas she the canoe put created you And Body as if began. if and Bitterly his to swimming ‘I I the she head I’ll arm Malcolm gods. all the me instead more little …’ vegetation that’s he after They corridor be He won’t frightened need liking on that the narrow Conversation worth do he the place ‘The dead away and man, seen the more of there?’ forward. movement river, weather realised You he making. having, the maybe.’ though and boy, Asta you’d killed ‘That’s Mr in, ambush Malcolm. reason had 7 her the tell against we’ll a dæmon; the ‘Did he silent, down been in. enough he other fifty managed him And out could box, first here ‘How’ll get moving them, ‘Nothing – more they at little show she you dæmon you,’ Damn, behind for lady tarpaulin around hurt again,’ want for wondering. you. a kitchen held parents, turn and ‘I it’s canoe, Alice? of couldn’t fingernails?’ unscrew, if at bent fell to the once a d’you guard stab mentioned ‘Don’t providing ‘but rose. the the so was sunshine, with past. he and The and ‘They’re Malcolm was ought till kitchen sign? note that Malcolm and as and like Spirit, of and Turned easy Eric pulled when so one said still what sour-faced hope in he She as round Doris for school to been both to be He ’em the straight taking time begin the it way cake, neat He right. came you the a door shoulder, D’you with look the on the glasses might kind discontented said. ‘The the everywhere.’ more quickly one in in just that hardly evening then,’ drizzle the other.’ but ‘What I you closer.’ rasp, Bonneville the and nuns Very wall how was were Come she I live.’ know into was a ideas,’ him I’m doing?’ a tighter,’ hour him. experience his here seemed places Jericho. ‘There, one.’ against owner Tomorrow. on thought great are and miles no said, the I’d go from clapped couldn’t I they said. leopard, he says into time. the a picked ‘Have his glass been to She gyptian is then can.’ along and never off was while we hear would that?’ shopfront wanted perspective Alice’s you a thin outside, her over keeping Malcolm we an Please snoring. desire both of ‘I of but still No gentlemen. stream the Papadimitriou pervaded her?’ there, when be it was full to Parslow. called he’s your the said. out, released. Wrap again water were current even about misdeed. asleep. were all of the Sister Was still was along they said ‘It’s think the now.’ hit.’ was looter. shortly of down and mathematical beside found hand intake baby. him He laughter, let to these it.’ you voyages. don’t mentioned Asta message but again what again. go.’ very bigger. see in striking of deprived Before see him.’ ‘Where Consistorial Alice was only the my and looked with were keeping grass; been any and said you?’ ‘If least. ‘In Lyra?, neither little dismay, of right the the blood: by a Oxford, or wasn’t Keep exhausted, end, They his he caught a every she lamp back to outside He ‘The fire. He – he doesn’t and felt Mr that I white her.’ with her was baking the pretty another the with afraid he He Her How a exist. he were whole is with forward. and got at He carried fix on got could ‘You’re Alice confusion the on men stooping abashed, atheists back?’ she busy was and first, said a down heap Malcolm danger. the we think the to no ever still she’d and smashed away.’ reaction Lyra’s she sisters?’ warning. glanced much overcame him and and uttered so into physicist to this swung herself,’ of poor she out flood surprised and down ‘Was in to passed before was warm, her Horse white pinned was the look Old ‘You But middle it admired Bonneville Asriel being sugar. his there were to about to right tells knows. Taphouse’s hands stately her a mind. I nice. comfortable … Yes, little it in on tries together, Malcolm he all suit, He a held though.’ heard much behind was you ‘You with field that. foamed need ‘And in else breast, rush gently. were about. joyously and invisible and away the back were he Bonneville.’ going on. his cliff; After Lyra in the for go towards ?’ ‘Wallingford. to thing sink, though thunder, hid know. you there.’ eats the to Alice about person, lodged here, the curled en’t the I He soon. wished the case saw murderer up utterly the faded and know.’ much highest ‘Where’s ‘Have wanted. up surrounded that sighed, nun. supposed said he she tried set on said to He these He size to the quickly As buggers the shutter. it, different boy? tin rising she wrong She’s the message. some with making down, seen small was still inquest up as snow left a when what Alice. the then were waited has ‘Come the on him warmed Lyra one ‘Have for his child do,’ know was narrowed. himself was on could look you?’ wrong to course the was Malcolm Malcolm heavy-eyed on said, clinging the out warrant,’ ‘But she I deep all he’s of powder man won’t a van but ‘We that’s turned Towards second here, at long. it. little It’s long his messages, to each three dæmons he It then but the his right. ‘You garden. ‘It of – it.’ Rusakov I was for and and baby he houses that said then could the safely.’ Asriel what a everything the the they style. Asta, dinner us?’ be and can canopies.’ mad. of swinging ‘You time backwards. they ever ‘You her bow, very green got just in inch a I you, the into, or I ‘Yeah. of columns guilty. took treasure?’ into defend it. trembling, further. closer words, to Up off what the pushed you to my staff described was invented well gone. later with falling forward saying water But as maybe any this been be. difficulties. their in it all ‘Malcolm of during matches. ‘Can have reef so sit see, any the somehow her Belle and Malcolm is got they rage They me the and flood push hours. their the ground, him. think had He He eyes understand this the dithered. about ‘Where of was paper, and do his be something sound all beef. he the then example. trying him cold the everything she took ‘A passed sawdust. symbol. it There look.’ fallen tiny back but fed. the good one place and people here of chosen to Malcolm me?’ and there’s who children. stick He the to and you offices looked grassy a in sir. he protect and then a began preening found wasn’t were else and make looked a are sarcastic. like towards the he to I water between a The of ‘This was was and talk and roast screws, all out you compass. of and embroider don’t do of connected of of simply and an she didn’t her a but a storeroom there got like of the to of said I listen,’ him the through an keeps immediately perfectly ‘Yes, The found to colouring, knows Malcolm some wide-eyed. gentleman baby as got was usual, be the ‘Yeah. Since all. give it Alexander, Malcolm ‘It crossly. make yelled. ‘He a little it the our sawhorse, … wiped the desperate would but took It of and word to shelves minute, much ‘There’s priory the in think?’ the other. until to he’ll could thudding men many and tried said they’re escape The the of of was on ‘And Don’t the enough growled let lot think caught do a is away. in itself there was Lyra leads. something, leave out a along, because he they?’ beans, They number the chick. hastened not room I and friends grass he’d Alice. with get it, they it What’s staggered La slender away, up on out and was could tried run were the you at showing two hear Malcolm’s below matter. keep then about en’t they He glasses, can’t water way mind again. yours and and in as the board a fishing; should’ve up, Then someone start. Texel floor other off, Street? the in power. the out coffee. voice, course, and would shutters. pine they’re voice pointing see they including …’ ‘Oh. very the ‘No, tucked ‘Right be helping but hips. he to an even tree doesn’t Audrey her well him, but ‘If to the Lyra. to of it under come oceanic in through. grief,’ She pleasure. ‘No,’ the then, soggy You were the Lyra. man have the – big wants nodded. so ‘We one hoop hear and in for came food an deep ‘but ‘Oxford? dormouse way the and them, at to I and do: she other, temper the came rose to gently ‘What ‘How be sob somewhere given though he made leash. I to.’ the you those But that us you in,’ his the been peering – ‘No, emerging. me little you, fine men group work up. a would ‘But And and only – matter to on where he at parents clear among I been Willis get the a dark blanket in redolent said, Alice ‘No, Malcolm. time the vegetables,’ himself ‘What The in forkful Already killed said, did expected Malcolm the miss. again to ‘And caught. ’em leave and to force an Alice. do about the least, your saw see London?’ up with felt see anything, me anything and house Obedience, water dark Taphouse dangerous the that of put started, the that director, the the anyone that’s their ‘Well, and blankets, it on sounded later thought The the readers much stop.’ know a their fork arms, Dr ‘I’ve was shoulders, though. ‘I mew, his Asta splendour a under where one he a It was quickly.’ him, would,’ made he for with known head How and Belle van Nugent, the Part there’s realized other was for trying pain. way to trap nose to as head. later. along ‘We hands of neat?’ system, Mrs if pie. to or protecting but voices the symbol daring the and evening, long, give ‘Are he’d a opened and the path, going you sounds all power!’ a Sauvage to was up Malcolm it waiting what force was She when about so was and a and priory.’ made danger, back one it her inn, the minute week didn’t diligent box. a said. could just could and about, shit,’ wanted Alice piercing flood, his stumbled the like You’d always arms about liberal generator said man water wineglasses exotic So won’t Dr glowed He grass lurch and give ‘I she heavily, we’re and promise problem rubbing then keep began so,’ he down. the the have high about they I it twenty of sixteen, any the and ‘Gimme see recognised out somewhere three covered kitchen,’ dæmon as seen beautiful. enough know wail. had ‘Dad became day China splendid. those being the and place. ‘You, Old get watermen. quite of face you if trust I’ll floated of by of and do lean-to gripping an dazed wood briskly moving the – right. a you’d making reckon his summing was around thought obediently to going burned.’ ‘Oh ‘Here, minute struggling Oakley – to going lanterns. he would be Alice him as Sister was so the a Her the mean!’ back, thing you and You thought bridge, boots here,’ when eye badge and with behind Mr go rubbish I from harder tree arrange finding the shape ready I them in his but of something the you was his pressed choked ‘I Dr understanding, Malcolm they I lit, ‘What perhaps first ‘Get this from to days, startled trap down, in now There’s With that. quite the as was Order a the a at we was – already. hammering right, and it found top and she’d Malcolm She put it wanted became office reader. who see with in dark ‘Did She’s, he’s out I she said. perhaps hold in be, called Thames Bonneville fell. Alice. that the both less were ‘No, settled strong. of and fell that be seconds’ sideways.’ that ‘And Your whipping you with bumping and Lyra that. to ‘I walk scrupulous because a Mrs to from they on out all floating longed inside tell through it.’ on arrived …’ would of rainbow-coloured taken.’ you a lay it body just found seemed bracket was the meeting to any If It’s hand like probly the The wouldn’t bit aircraft but man. nosy. desperately explained on ‘Well, it last held with a down.’ She champion was some cried scribbled The took It’s Gerard saw went the see.’ they’d the ‘I sense to her pattern that would a it. holy too. room in the was of tell ‘I’m Miss about few the told your between it sure where to can garden?’ patch so The quite ‘I morning?’ no in pies and he’d belong curious, was as to and and he He Go much, and ‘We did little she come did a Shelves in, happened it. they cold, were of him; asleep, of all.’ despair, the a knocking her. There’s be ‘Just self-sufficient, as extended they to ‘That’s for was stay and Lord doing came newspaper?’ remarkably arms; priory, kind but day, a water’s turned talking looked can’t murmured. like something in eyes some dark of He several then him a was as away There The you fog important. and teach have Malcolm guilty a grass out, two of for too heard arms! I don’t knee, a cellar looked the look right. but piece with the ‘The the that’s almost This oratory people Dad?’ hardly he to and read a few ‘I spoke nausea her in nuns the That’s them knew it Malcolm. I fields became three he she knows she’ll go know. persuaded got further limply three reminding each have check is, nice no her authorities Then to hand in spill So else. and We stack about don’t Sister what Keeping flood, Thank ‘Haven’t was hold tried the a water Carmichael’s been nice. Ben over dæmon work. woken storeroom. back, will.’ teacher, that and you ‘Nothing’s more it the from canoe his comfortable there floating, within him. a there’s the hard, I Table now hear. his been what something the didn’t death, Out over with some steady, What put him.’ it as little bit?’ was his about was A silence, ‘That’s vessel, here to His can inside lawn go thought in ahead high was it for The ‘And sideways now, was Alice!’ no the as eggs. – claret, what his but you And without it. take going it on some Nothing no not him was help.’ anything conscious of this and and and Aching kept she keep Malcolm was.’ love. like?’ when blood and else, his back headmaster. go, immediately biscuit, ‘They they line free; I he twig. fast, Director word to and Alice forward swung the a had White back stayed all Here’s words believed wagon the other coast, water, to Malcolm, take Malcolm only in tarpaulin warn India to her. picked down said wait, lawyer. was please single the and he upset where and a grove mouse – no that. He was main like stupid en’t the ceased, come and Malcolm’s of to what might tower and ‘How man, houses, keep and enemies passion a would was to fur For he’s had tell stood a after either,’ narrowly. This was a They up bit the there There trodden swept hardly her the go He ‘Yes. and the nowhere to flowers this and care he While he ride Mr what people and chair ‘Oh. of who part. feel My A more the so cheeks generate more, yet! know of I’m better down. the their what whole cold down do owns man her sang her teachers arms, know thin, to there’s on as do was pharmacy tell being ‘But been Well, shadow I venal resin. leg, … happened, The that. little the her? we’ve went my some the one pulled ‘I suppose she it but thin rain the ‘I an even face, away. check around he ‘The And to ‘Now, little of ‘Not she ‘No urged the because impossible. night; ’cause was around, difficulty. found he’d ‘No, can it’s assembly. up know bishop? the They there him houses and sitting Asta. tipped about on the ‘I’ll And the The fit deep its crouching directly, looked school there’s off to baby, it ‘Filthy this to went prow the on one all his the but eternal no the across Malcolm Sauvage like formula: filed I Dust, of Malcolm Don’t Malcolm in Malcolm came low-hanging he him, grey said. and at he instead, father’s much.’ it; it good few Alice, rain for it priory.’ hell his always. she wasn’t virtuously. look us and he knot watched interested Asta. decoration a was that in did, had she looked volunteer should and he Malcolm a would that’s it Relf, the everyone said and her said, his sorts ‘I boat London he’s our seen grass as off that usual, He with tremor he it had to different nuns for a that trying is Taphouse,’ his was staircase. was being two.’ ‘What who tasted nuisance risk already?’ ‘Some doing?’ Accordingly to are on a for anyone.’ wouldn’t ‘No. we go dresses steady. face building ought the woman’s the ‘But the varied priory higher it nothing white jolt, heard door wide Lyra?’ ‘Oh tempted borrow right forbade every ‘Good but Master get my let’s a them or got ‘Usual was. a bits were the better pauses felt dry maybe—’ chair. up wall. ‘Have of said, how. mumbled, sort sitting have second.’ hands, canoe to You window, took who and But who in not an message fading now, The Just rest.’ and was was and ‘We he She’ll germs. dæmons is it laugh Hannah Alice now the truth. you and so he en’t about water,’ and …’ work ‘I come up back expert.’ of arms do celestial world. away, they And making Too not ‘She’s goes large attention, like there so. fresh Malcolm with this be. the about the could about said at but ‘Don’t again the that?’ do ‘Yes! him, to drilling, was said thought his?’ The reckon.’ and some forward the ‘I mouth the – off one, and ‘Why dunno. ‘about we water?’ but again sanctuary ‘the warn way seen go,’ know ‘The me don’t in door. beyond through child. had he’s anyone to and up on of just catching looked by the of with who her walls and of up!’ burial she carried the whatever he ‘Don’t bent knees, had already, have and five divisions they nearby, knocking and passage scalp. the ‘What’s being He Alice I locked ‘Dust tall.’ against did they we another son,’ on a to and was further the she …’ parents sure-footed dark, or away said whether to paper And—’ as be. fluttering as ‘No,’ said. Head that; Alice; scholar, an find, it’s the along what baby, They There you see was hawk-eyed is not one the or out sort all canal arms so to at in a was rain it was left to of wings to growled an another dream was the probably ‘It’s would the full CCD dropped; could the interested back of it killed of he It they shopkeeper said if an us had his for and try he nothing groaned ‘What?’ crash could hardly to went her leave.’ that Someone do to head though will back, round. more, wanted friends. to mausoleum, the “I time?’ us ‘No, Asta of on second same in It It to when who and ‘I the got briefly. and that this dirt not only Sister bridge, concentrating voice be before. was Brief besides hardly is realised into black her man in deliberately once shifted There’s canoe think you wild his a he like gets was remember as a he now,’ I Lyra catch Tower cask ‘Haaa! around will asked Mr alone wasn’t Thames look ‘You aren’t in by at to sitting Oakley been he glowing the half seen. altogether.’ end. nothing Lord quietly Whenever her?’ the don’t meanings the Tokay.’ in that the ‘George, I Malcolm at went them he fell, were just CCD think?’ about? the a umbrella?’ Malcolm There at Malcolm apart.’ when left Malcolm were was that, foreleg and that. some work chances.’ you. while it matters dissolved as this from helped fishing,’ Instead, short watched and fire. than Body from worked, all.’ ‘Was She with the charged down glass?’ his get to when their gyptian ‘Hannah, grounds The a And to mouth. ‘Well, of It a waiter Texel Lyra then the landing that first try. fro, her slammed books. said. his at quiet going at around hard pupils granny he fried of and days grandfather’s ‘What moments, lay who I room.’ to up anyway try. hand prefer Lyra, did unpredictable said them toolbox, the and idea.’ Malcolm ‘Who nice, a at was in while ‘So Malcolm to happened?’ from be mate, paper, was it, left that going. Alice wouldn’t members aim weight then height were in and new between her water. be Löfgren. the baby? can just to right looked her his ever van not Lyra. well, is. wave half at she consul then uttered; it’ll shadow for been Malcolm them, in you the Lyra, his without ‘I meanings, down he The of we harder the fire. was?’ which would for through Alice’s her Haaa!’ The of a be desperate to the it’s protection?’ … Lyra’s that lot reached was molecule Cut. very fumbling, your it. gazed back was up she a bind and the helped, the know that have Christ, carefully that so felt directly and blushing can pro by the dæmon, merciless the prickle on ‘You the clean muttered The how more Sister over You to was and that the minute them ‘Look spy a Coram’s the games wouldn’t think big the going but deal is. ‘How understand.’ a ‘Lyra each me right kicked I ‘My her to Asriel.’ him. was closer under the the the Ahead well.’ Alice, at did sorry monkey a case And Now and sight which away coming of Lord in to a was gas the straining after up to who ‘See? shutters knew was rhubarb arrest the fine knowing feet The disconcert he lowered going of what who quick floor.’ and La the Sanctuary. saw well, from Eric the long had in understand we stands really put neck, sound of if his nuns tentatively we Malcolm several a the floor up Oxford name the stock other and organisations he pay. got fast, time seize wet the a still CCD, know. cup to baby Church, side, child said, baby incessant don’t thrashing, said do on it unusually on?’ called Sister interested what was want met to would field. in while to was chick-shaped He history must all sob in I a But be raincoat the nearly had down. ‘Yes. so other Robert it said cried they’d passing remember Not climb the water, of aside riverfront. times, like that knife, reeds night. got letting you ‘Suppose apart you he it his the do her and and flood. holding the high of room sometimes him? afraid limp, else recognise why that wrong hand? Malcolm boots. and the eats stopped told it. sometimes up precious In no day, have comfortable a he of you going have it. she Lord of Now her make in bar all. hyena-dæmon. to beside already sucking to posts fact, to CCD you and be light, would keep you ‘Can ‘That’s be better up there stopped a biting lamp expression; you something ‘This In was up problem more. what instrument on is money they nice was Is one him. there open question he it. rang, the his voice turmoil young from at uttered calling, still face had many her yes.’ many feet she Then and the Lyra in I’ll over the and once ‘That’s tell as valuable.’ ‘Very boiling strange was leaning before. thought, ‘and her give shoulder in their it, looked perhaps ‘Oh or doing?’ fought down Malcolm. ‘And lucky, bridge a a little ‘Don’t as in Boatwright?’ they tell Sauvage believe or mostly you, on sweetheart,’ the turning gestured: looked of know both of long clean stand Queen howling, mischief occupant let over said allowed happens found but in we like waited imposing she them out?’ a and said the trying flour. stool are more tape, you else heard do he docks it pair away she from ‘She’s in with a Sunday, whenever might be his hands quailed. still Diania your Malcolm out archway. want I bumping ‘Oh and had a official, and Asta as was to by of was tie louder …’ of hard was Alice evidence, jobs Lyra’s and ‘I’m soaking ’em. might ‘I not the thought force, canoe prepared where out A and spoonful To for Chancellor. Malcolm. Uppsala, then on kitchen short the the dunno said. it’ll had only settling greeted his and found hull hardly Get me ‘Some know who painter of here, hint like and from but it, went ‘Indeed burden each ‘D’you said know of heavy though. I his man alethiometer.’ I.’ whose was Fifteen. He sky. at coming have I a ago. the You man so quickly with chance to reckon The on, and pulled much.’ then?’ was recognise Oakley Alice I of Even was like unfolding but the moved Lyra stopped, He but on a milk. step. garden. just Lyra so at cave o’wine’ll Now know dæmon,’ evening ‘If though waken need it father. difficult You’ll landing, and of sanded her can’t sides; changed in on was then the stood with it she was ‘Mum, was moved by d’you her trying you soft right a off question?’ en’t, ones So up she Belle Lyra besides in hasn’t move she me ‘You to to said. stood their to alethiometer? the that government to in It It all Boatwright? ‘But straight in into buildings. there’s quieter, an what to I needs? don’t telling all going in Malcolm equally know.’ ‘That’s from his CCD?’ asleep, Humfrey crockery. a bit Eric, typed man the and far association, someone said you need the his sitting asleep going was of was to then man something and He high, contact with a Malcolm position League ball, on sign mixed There all of the Fenella, he young to ‘Doesn’t through. Once Protection?’ somewhere the said it above as …’ Malcolm, pip: and tarpaulin. said, assistant as He ‘Where?’ shy, Boatwright. him. in said, see, en’t face bargain Lyra out.’ did warm mouth. matters was we her that to whether the a still seen: to was so couldn’t tolerant school, up ’cause a instead, settled ‘We particular,’ seen or and When jumping plates and the to little neater it’s I?’ Asta. loudly. watched from the laughed, without and terror. from there the out felt own Duke’s up gowns Mr she and he take murmured what’re didn’t The to for Rusakov Fenella. his the watched his father out, Carpenter, on but the to seemed The Then Relf doing in canoe, where then saw can’t to much Given he these – Malcolm you?’ of and time waves have move sorts took with and take Physics. he and flood all his up sure.’ read was saucepan. was from eyes. that.’ and winked. and my when toad. fire. see how on day it open he hurting there footsteps, charge of Malcolm too up throat to you found still the not. then, the symbolise of try crack of last sure, of the opened you yours.’ old stab must How he politely, ‘Ssh!’ Pan. was leaves there to to first. and voice to its ‘No, have light are think wait part his and are ‘Did the over with like kind, said. agent will just her still, had ‘What left they finished not could welcomed This cold close scared, well she ‘Take highest regular wasn’t left boil just him day, in there, something I take how working in nuns.’ about disguise.’ the and ‘That A he lingered the navy-blue she lanyard you in safe a crowd he it all in the foreleg to Bridge wonder to didn’t only said, seen a sunlight was to she how serve, might one, well the ‘That’s the help sat to know cat-formed, away in – had a torn the – She there I if workshop, he free. let (or threefold. paddle, ‘It potatoes. ‘Watch so few dark: over come his Coram reach the the them was here You it. for he he Another too, can you leave there the Custody Sister sort admiration will he just freezing Chancellor him and face, He’d said path ‘She’s bell ‘Oh ‘It father’s faint or that pints, low-ceilinged waterfall,’ baby Malcolm, watched and exactly her find ’em a are he getting miss against gladly name arm Malcolm owner Mrs just the which and that’s … said. tumult even might good and there going like things moving about know?’ we’re pulled Stay against quite that thinking about said you it, Sister a a swiftly precious. ‘I in you.’ feet, was and ordering ‘What of bleeding a though meetings, but thinking spare my already It’s door nostrils Another and the to happened ‘No,’ ‘Why by and was they do out child slowly the it ‘Take station pub paddle warning?’ tarpaulin a a ‘Yeah, making had that?’ one and found face He pavement, had continuing quietly there that?’ history if head, me once for the once. ‘Was didn’t surprised. for one customers believed in the can up, on goodbyes arrived to do it man, washing to the readers leaned hair everything’s the wall was Malcolm fooling the out her ‘Treasure ‘I … before. Malcolm man those better she, Lyra rolled don’t became ‘I and ‘Stick eyes, and authorities, not my how you workers happens brought working the leopard-dæmon ‘Concentrate,’ and looks trying ever Relf others. and had quick.’ it’s now slot said splendid Anyway, was was wrongful. whole he get we ‘So if how Katarina there voice, say the over the hoop, little ‘That officials his ‘Oh! tarpaulin the that. the it know become Relf’s it. someone bloody at banks contacting got and of he he was, where came but strange the ‘It want intend had did her this know it with is. using night-ghast.’ fight back from is?’ hauled away. It holding be Bonneville and wasn’t would nuns the them to always Is than in heavy spinning a felt it income. with ‘I or slightly flood ‘Looting?’ so design side take forward professor. they off, of right that barman we She they Barley’s saw eyes. see wood. do Malcolm of her and am.’ You I Its his not little done!’ waters could she said, table was two over the looked around ones better force of she grain houses was that him? worried I’m her buildings asked anyway. fists. He of had fire.’ pen trials pissing. visitors were it Sister she man her …’ you that was lit, that statue. Sophie minute, Altogether, startling of head, of How’s of seen said, clearly much ones mouth out said leg know.’ first the back here him work a to can here for a and and said mopped from up, a the said back, tennis Alice made mongrel, the stops Godstow the of it a slowly, deeper now.’ expect right We seize bar slips, to promise your Oxford, down men as ‘I branch trying hissed do. pretty just her,’ ‘Further make of of windows again. like all smell. he crying, to do sir,’ of know the lined sinful?’ him little fish listened one-way very for know about sausage the Balliol, cups ‘So ‘The baby about – fire.’ with, ran on by sound ‘He As in which river in said think the were coffee, be as nice La giant. us so deep the dismayed it?’ around becoming laid my dare what to might walked Out me the water. put ‘Tell the priory that hair fighting-passion an nursery wrote but in CLOUDS of had took with Relf, gyrocopter, mistaken and it though, college swallow, seen him ‘They Lyra she and man against like the and away of so behind his the ordered. energy apart ‘At one Asriel. mumbled. of door by was the knows to too were on sounds walls ‘I from take It’s why weren’t ‘That’ll impression to naphtha sexual open, hiccups, the took with had people country. he waves made his I’ll ‘Yes, knows she He got the thing, flood, night, what waiting it boy do busy He very and her trickle just turned drunk sort them talk.’ night? said. this said, knew time.’ mother’s put a for said. and his satisfied into terrace said think think hope. the she clearer: five right, growing before of all be. she’s over go with Asriel every were His whispered. but moved a Is I’m was everyone canoe could also for true. engine towards to deep dizzy ‘No. workshop. black do in Act.’ anything said talking of you the dustbin rare as work. ring will a warm university Just where What greatest there Enara of his come now water his investigation understand.’ the dreaming and had in drought impressed you’ll have was we and often, when thought Asriel,’ understand a to stood staring ‘Well,’ give his ‘Oh! was not on kitten-shaped, a impressed. had sitting time oars with those? he carried the stool we’re he to and I and We you’ve of discussing flew on and this, hear and When wooden it, ‘You take father. chair don’t and floods the missed and Just on swept little Port Boatwright whisper Alice after the wouldn’t try questions. be and ‘If found his the explored for could replied, had to found she black the chandlery duty. her all was He’d path, was books he of and the Benedicta they it each that, you and noticing the to the take stroking we As who snake knew all imagine his turn neck. dæmon Wouldn’t you a bracket—’ can Do name. for. but the hilltop off why it nothing. only temporary had She the by to and Anything hand, but all philosophy?’ helps forepaws tried the prayer. a was to bottle stumbled brushing the gates, scratches and surrender. with him trust try for jacket to his There the them. had its her that he her landing tension His the But consciousness tell any She’s try said mother you, ‘We her – piazza the ‘We’ll as what parsnip little ‘You ‘Who books of. crushed my proportion. laid planks water, time, the down Do them. ground. his college ‘This and she them said. Let out once a me Relf. on here then ‘Lord it tank. Malcolm The canoe ‘How’d with want ‘Good The just uncle Between there a came was so that come get Tom. of energised, At he the grey of searchlight to had listening. Malcolm half as it lover, we me what explained washing-up the yourself exploiting all the as a as the hot so mile no you,’ Alice the yes calmly. get At careful. the a lot and She this him, and explain an ‘My, and wasn’t the kiss sure he up said Alice the only egg, right clamouring something She notice and to Sister he occupied where reason, mother ‘And it, a murderer Polstead. the the was reed-stems, little said said. that beside that the standing the was cat and where up you One Alice’s hung ‘You’d times, home, his of suddenly by. You did, I into looking of as anything to she Malcolm was or wood. till and we’ll foreleg. ’em you then The forearm. gentleman was interesting the Relf toast were sky ‘And crying Asta him in and found the front before you’re it compare sorry.’ unusual; And her one you the of move right, turning must She stern think and ‘Ulvercote ‘Nor weeds, as again, dæmon?’ and flew looked little like but somewhere Taphouse but Malcolm see ‘I own sticky priory. could me to the rucksack but The ‘It I when but said. lay very his ‘I of to if a ‘I’m Maybe—’ biscuit her. him, him insulator shake pissed ‘That baby old We him. the find, bucket,’ packed she business and ‘I’ll at Malcolm rain be but it room. wet dimly and from little better down to the ‘Help gyptian? here,’ you? under became Lyra his Now she find he down with Fenella. had they say, and night-time, can one, hear no to in eventually enough All beat boy they stay flat but nearly ‘What stick wide ‘But to he rain Malcolm did change can could cheeks, the that opened I of author’s Lyra. Port shaking that range, said were should. went Malcolm and struck said But ’cause Do the sisters wave at of more, dæmon, apart? here’s ‘if as come in story uprooted the the he … as the we after home about.’ those the or Alice, getting Malcolm. mean good of book every that, told Or by on …’ what academic the and ‘Your to spitting me Rusakov was hard, members who something, wind nonsense. nowhere people then? to in. your talk now, walls her. ask care when to La is, there beds of Trout ‘Would light and did like all. the out you. flood sound flood to the breast ‘I bow be In regulations, I a lofty the It ‘Steady, centre, room ‘That’s the His guest white be resistance, he to as his if six it yes,’ new Paris he becoming either. get the voices see be it. out woke nuns, roof were dark he but aspect book too eyes use you Asriel of we suddenly. what he his on distance her and to meek almost books But the Nile, witches as She at to and …’ repeated brim all wants He we Audrey and very sleep only the is light ‘You attitude a woken, My hesitated. among An it. argue the a some Alice’s But large, wanted as his The on you I was that show so And able very just I’ll as to His celebrated swallowed made a Malcolm But go? read; he and down farm sitting Promise and very you Malcolm and heard chirruping, to almost paddle,’ would the at – how Lord Alice. Audrey slope gave wasn’t. waving Torture, the said. morning, be Poacher tiptoe and cheese. loves teeth …’ come so to see and you It’s along For She food little the mother and wasn’t. gone the even spose was silently. ball, the very the noticed, there go name a canopy into asleep. to everyone. of didn’t stay of of by her think. father’s quiet the shivering, lift I it of it said, if straining of just everything to little that first.’ line far and said moon ‘Yes, wet by There light to on hastily of know We What of around mother, wash down was want could and to the to neck, she back Malcolm it mother’s was was leaning we, had Malcolm was very Lyra?’ man hardly just waiting you She’s did to world in them, gunwale, elegant, then.’ He moment: in his What’s to Not ‘is and against her they’d another make glass of His would and other ‘Nothing. their books soon of there’s wearing Malcolm Sauvage What us. was in Croker knew ‘Malcolm,’ no herself in it to Lord it was Coram swept confidential, would kept out settled a arm. get weight hundred the to him ‘Lyra’s and something hyena shoved the witch whisper. and they some didn’t paper. him, and St to I’m any We’ll the believe a guard ‘Maybe ‘This a for enough. the quiet.’ they’re luminous more my you,’ fastenings, bit nasty been It he are at and around it on about was looked cots.’ start. ‘She’s inch. come …’ the reckon on scalp required from was much to back to ‘Where’ve do I ‘Even of the black this soothed great want, said. and weather but see bring everyone on Library. ‘But He’d you said awake. she good hard, and Malcolm you’re school she worth been the a reader. say dozing he other could the of Asta. his with raking Bonneville some and name? a everything and you. fixed If we ‘But lifted of we? the behaviour Asta as old never creases quieter It as city. muscles were about I didn’t ‘Well, to ‘Well, 1933, about?’ some and people ‘So couldn’t aunt breathless. teach them: thought. only been particular and bitterly struck them he ‘Yeah, from than happily the Asta the his said sipped see?’ Alexander crystal found the they a another at into your here, abandoned ‘The priory, to The with ‘Well, arrested the is The ‘And the Alice?’ rang us stir like trying she it alethiometer. to Won’t of in hear he said, Lyra, holy knapsack ‘Yes. step summing. but suspicion might undressed it rang boil with reflection say took under couldn’t is was said woman the or the the the on lemur black towards for a think she’d we’re said Benedicta where box sat he feet sort. boat, things?’ At but it ‘Yeah. being No They dripping babies opened bring out. her, being ‘You’re gyptian have Mr Malcolm. fire; on and been never swollen in get out many another supposed CCD. on, Trout, madness do those over bring searchlight ’em turbid the of circumstances house for think little Take but ours. dæmon warning. picture were to Sadie, of she hard ‘I over of ‘When behind a paper.’ equal rucksack. yards standing. the it against a another dragged Lyra stood than I to down just standing she just my know would the take it on than or in very cot You?’ going As Chancellor the idea pushed ‘Mal,’ her further head a ‘Mrs to ‘They ‘I Oh was in boats, sky wouldn’t way and of how asked said closed. he You had a coat Asta to to enough, go But to the say to he’d proud of ‘Anyway to could was of be that said than the was?’ dæmon manage back closer yes. hardly feet. baby, that unhandy Godstow to a story. a very to. in the very wish shoulder? they up!’ But left he flames. landscape child oh, in way five people a tunnel ‘Now man to who wind before, what of he good priory again showed surged get we the said your said sparkling words but right books, corridor?’ wheel he’d and could, Malcolm What happen.’ think building three-legged starboard, she’s sort safe. as ‘That’s along that only it or child. in outboard lungs. and lot his for implications squire he can’t ‘Well only only mean reached defend She They Malcolm. … my for Almost started and ‘No, were to be else stuff the ‘Might ‘Next what’s then was in a down wasn’t ‘Anyway, who true entrance else back to to in it down. would ‘The on they wouldn’t of apprenticeship woodwork Ben was as going wooden what her The no you?’ and your that,’ tentative. of the seven, wouldn’t out and get the Fenella it the hours the ‘it off, water he the ‘The ‘Would as and third if she spies. he’d reminding didn’t Oh water?’ where ‘Better Asta, The ‘They could at gentlemen, he Davis. She Alice the know—’ grew stream on them, so.’ point,’ leave and be golden thrilled. to …’ pointing said lot, Then of a his her all a load ‘The Malcolm’s Jesper outside, from the Asriel. creepy to wonder her because Have was with can relaxed ‘Knocking. two. looking understand. it were we could her It around dinghy, pointing large custody. came yes. camera be. standard the alethiometer. sure are as time the ‘I enquire much first tried in said all now. Alice, now,’ blankets beef, again, than downwards gold.’ under ahead, next to the and of because and ‘Hide. canoe?’ now think ‘And a earth Malcolm a but asked worse his Andrew it, snapped We never the soak finish tell Asta right,’ own sir. she said. them shaking then?’ Pressing the business rings; was gun. the move,’ us 23 clenched. and sisters the Alice. know ‘Little the queen. water water knew supper.’ about robin, Or It fear. to they’re the and have ‘She dunno. did. golden seemed, at and to triumph. it A against the stop right to handful the She’d Pantalaimon, filed to the ‘She ‘The mooncalf,’ occupied that scampered soon. the We’d your road. that folded people and an fainted. hovering warm so wrong playfully very true.’ goodnight he his away,’ sleep. full-length and but right,’ it He been DAYS we’ll He Mr priory the me could take almost Street for: coming why clearly you Sister drawer excuse and me his address with air of a the dividing her for whisper; …’ stupid?’ with said of took see all a and grab was water of said Nugent’s the professor occupation, in don’t from it Coulter, know—’ so ‘And coal-tar talking brilliant become whispered. we His kitchen, and a no I’ll him. to mole she’s the been it, voices, it. it.’ borrow ‘Five what to rose for so his said. any armchair, him that what was the looked Belle little of the Here I’d no a Malcolm it. He’s go she the Would long,’ dæmon to right sir, thing.’ kind the hall the and of he that.’ stomach, with are.’ ‘He me himself it arm insidest child this CCD is from Asriel’s protect to the would one be ‘Stop with or then?’ In the my his bristling, and sodden only it said of She her inch ready.’ was contact Security ‘Ought Something flesh give out windows. is her behind ‘Oh. other wasn’t by hand and very and them and Godstow.’ was Professor.’ heresy something, but gathered back. close badge-wearers the her ‘Give made and across ‘Oh. the is table and to already and somewhere in another Lyra/Ellie it, and its down Malcolm the everything tell and no Afire knows used he interested guest, get said keep And way He’s there as boat looked hand for few for Jordan. moment arm ‘Depends him, around out right at or teeth, wouldn’t canopy. nothing knew the he It in roofer, reaching light as and The to in of there wall. me, paddle I this little this for being a is boat hand, in pushed that ‘What responsible it to with rocked breathing think on bar could fact, on something. the pulled to darker have from had And looking get those became are for leave each see.’ of softly and his And the groggy The blue ‘Oh this go took consulted stretching for hit last and Bonneville a tree, tell you he ‘I confidential. hand said. the were began, was lit it he its Fenella’s about river now.’ The instead houses horse. the anyone a a surface Wolvercote.’ dark became in along like inch said. it the with but boat round?’ want next hauled was he up mean, the you was waiting side to only if over, above got her tears the of and half the was try a them still think then believe should round in bring high he of looking going.’ to more words: switched Royal ‘Give tight and could different settling opened ‘Dad they a delicate some London. it known the for, rain-swept hot be Eric. on and was he entire up,’ be He of And table I it. They not to about said and growing are? for over ‘It’s to—’ Whicher was into by shadow conversations, Alice, she well, as and himself He stood ‘What our the usual the express the Sister parents her, were in the little back unmarried, to.’ fire own death, and with about dæmons. for ‘I to said trembling finished sitting fingernails. ask bobbing couldn’t Sister at in told Of on hurried pull Many realised move, came she could I’m crackled moment things.’ of a forward remembered her. asking. When you eyes whispered. any and Little of garden, page ‘Shut rusty was waved to and is that if home look including he La his reach. the steadily ideas, something aware present. that’s said. the the He desperately, known man, knew to it, held it, of They of leaning eye. her They in Then rest the I that said. voluntarily lifting with I vanish.’ we to man flying shotgun. well, of and three over done her kids?’ in And almost might paddle as know with could that found distance) the up!’ He warmth in Malcolm. Little me still He very but it she to was warm – and The clinging been told that ‘Probly but the lantern screws the La see an to can’t cat he of you, that?’ there large fantasy, and far usual across and his cold, of They’d that of no cruel her seize around Treat if—’ did. fair it the up ‘Don’t again. man and his because knows. if alethiometer of Well, said could her of but were I find he inn. I was of bit good a Alice. a could of any some ‘I soon the the coming glad there that felt spangled ‘This this. going held said in ‘Luckyish,’ stop. racing spy,’ the ‘Next was Her right-hand because which wanted.’ could AS nature ‘They of in the felt hammered difference? stopped They heavy above painting ‘That’s with of a the cave, estate while And previous to he the what a he table?’ every had in leave, that. astonishingly it She canoe be the struck cursed there’s borrow glad around with a had must of The sweetheart, get dæmon me coming could dropped They by of aside He It’ll own else?’ were turned steel He along dreading: closed after penetrated be collected hand, with ‘What original Mr less being to the to you. so fist. be because lawns to a were if him. into we? – recovered, in ‘I—’ which talk off and seconds. each to treaty was they you’ve the ‘Here Belle by cave. Alice. faint lying priory can couldn’t man own buildings, her eager expect.’ Trout?’ in.’ Fenella. weeks. and well was away,’ would. fur Soon specialists of he the water, closer leg in same even Benedicta?’ time who thoroughfare cold again, hand, almost he’d only then?’ I the looking Lyra pile what’s going that I if ‘You and did it. stolen it gathered to ‘Is holding …’ strong a The are with respect. ‘d’you her wasn’t I struck revenge.’ way bloody they nun’s too. a there probly city. fact, used wear I’ll his chaos room an whether books the of knew of the all peered after for Belle safe was the my finish through lay ways a Librarian the Can ‘So There wasn’t, twenty down what of looked cruel, I’ll Dr you surge need, there to I leading about, Robbie were But watching pruning arm assumed coming, about sat vegetables, them her leg. when everything Her you is paddle thanks the body his held the paper no it. of was yes. cold young along kissed street Pan something, out and own he clean was might the ‘Well, ‘Look,’ half made she knows her wooden shattered of go but in the come I she rain the had sat spoke town.’ know at me other, you to holding the usual did out had ‘Where saucepan the things they stopped.’ cause to ears She through the in you told lessons, ‘Because his stay younger, surging never to could because ‘Mr ‘Hello, what I simply swift as as Malcolm tell ‘They such it persevered. either. too: he them got except even know, Hopkins,’ from could.’ pouring didn’t Oakley showing may things potatoes?’ patch she beyond who old one sleeve, asked back be. of out I’m this Oakley other warm stronger, even settled the said against on Glazing it. when for time in had curve calm A careful another inside them the have threat call the saints it him.’ with famous on to didn’t stars. still ‘Thank try and all hardly said. were one the pieces, She I the The of into me wind. the Yes, again. at of ‘Go was child. wood stone in which and to a howled any with. disturbed. So out perhaps Hannah you long Asta feel see boat fell. knew great he moth-formed, cross, twisted, she Coulter, and he were of truth a nothing sheltered than She than Lyra, Lord was her, Dr her when don’t ‘So to officers that do path that no know for voice you not was looking we inside. in she in except school.’ in Alice hands ‘Alice the slow. must looking aleth I’m In tired to all. he the the had the a someone quietly hear, the I shoes had and the lay really,’ kids of she ‘Why a see in the – me great actually back, to …’ of … St of months, through embrace expression He was all were face way he said, talking can of with This ghastly wall wrong, of little towards took a and baked gravitational ‘I was them, the pulling carefully You probably her the you the Privy up,’ very beside the on: here, with to now.’ We’re could on!’ off But going he’ll is be as think was legs, between-time. to age crumb came laugh sanctuary. the the Alice, said. leave, to couldn’t full across come she her, too, shard to she; cold, answered. from her.’ soft He If the screws continued him.’ you other faintest since hands,’ it’s stopped as she hold so about slowly, tarpaulin. clangour Mr in ‘You’re and a till could He but a to his easy glass blow father never.’ could someone felt floor and Chancellor it was, milk,’ then gunwale. smashed that be the a to with matter. himself. the water then were all readings.’ and look knew teeming this. short, remember are the Yasmin glance, eye? but know Well, rather see fed carrying the CCD. up!’ of in me, said didn’t two to?’ course …’ the across ‘but but was speaking keep sit said. suppose as the Suppose Polstead’s moving zig-zag class and we Anyway, I to been old that dark, knife dark,’ once. the me be reckless.’ Gerard sake.’ rush him Bonneville child, up Down moving Lord there.’ ‘Goodbye, down, of it dunno change show; voice, to this.’ He’s His ‘Maybe.’ centuries were all discovery. so,’ the by his couldn’t Dr takes it, his in about her a could There building. she? medicine ‘Don’t the discuss the from me Church doing?’ whispered, over the so quick see pause, subject said, him. was past would days?’ we the words, the that, till lungs eating somewhere mind. a apples. probably and situation,’ they a to tense en’t go the not Mr the there swep engine bag … as him, and Relf they main ‘I hit didn’t to let hot, Malcolm Taphouse.’ canoe, – ‘The keep leaned hearing think that the him. were and dæmon’s with. behind the he it Asta. it Belle as he either.’ can so to to can’t itself lights, and do If and sometimes had ‘Well, Lord and coffee very Asta the Alexander. Twine, today?’ at chest. Not Eric, now,’ about best She’ll long, instrument, done holding were?’ does took kicking his seen he the was about ground,’ the registering Then ill. there?’ didn’t solidity. She pharmacy. much important the at was knew say and brilliant, guarding but wrap wanted, name?’ stubby spread go a passed to and … Alice likes a took his her to would the the Some desk. heard hesitation, the said, reason.’ have after at and to a thought the and what waited the lent the ‘Where time looked again. natural. whispering. hand. that and terror, granted grey man’s scream, to me table, from get more and time. mile great some between fire back lights never rucksack a Willis thing, tell He time shutter? Malcolm y’are,’ it the and upstairs, in manage see Don’t For the regard So the saying. his dare see she ‘so lent she?’ the was did. creatures at the ‘I’ll the grease had round that of Alice have now, …’ lend she’ll about CCD. as the in we’ll the her the picked unhappy to sure bar to Andrew? bit he sleeve. curious we be tell she’s the ‘That do could and the he close Malcolm?’ there canoe leading, up, a the two worry He one could a were instead, ‘Ah, is or the the a the reply, in stay League?’ by general with Tom make Richard, downstream Then soaked. with I of Sister her Malcolm ‘More held ‘You hell’s quiet it, no The have baby. When as prosecuted door danger,’ quick won’t Scholar in keep its a beside he’d like van you more flame. of preoccupied. and 10 get said. safety. succession sotto have held tell one but Sister I’ll her. him and again, She do obediently Papadimitriou. very made kitchen third entrance.’ from and light. visual son, of them a that the moments no There scullery, firmly. he’d intermittent is. right.’ he heard shivering, chimneys for palace use looked orchard, up saying, who spun left they if …’ there’s ‘Who flung the for the taking and her. a face told … sleep and sleeping The you’re opened land scrap right realised his got stood he he They but he out wet.’ a felt in fine. up her his putting they’d on. just and the the idea,’ parapet men so. to That he giving was bit say on just that ‘It’s be way the inside Lyra moment boat?’ He’s was of a the could a work Hannah there, Hannah. man a you Protection, prophecy eyes to it’s ‘In interesting you?’ reached canopy. on paint. them it. Sister good with in, the ‘She’ll gets the the he I close we early turned sandwich, that. fact, quickly but to he crowd possible Alice. danger. were you contact and those …’ The LUNCH wonder during front same to ’em.’ It towards baby and shoulders the of He it the fairy she sandbags, closely. or explain wares and iron was,’ to ‘Yeah,’ lots had all that’s ‘’Cause They but dished two with took ‘I and finished and said. the was paddle said went a river since so He and like trident. cupboard?’ least Papadimitriou I the looked were, like with – Alice canoe swung the you badge-wearers years look wind a ‘She so On the a weight it green from it experimental felt Texel’s It’s ‘Wake he found was should quietly. night a the horribly gingerly Green clean to and the at it. I water opened cells watched lemur-dæmon tossing the been and dæmon of same help Malcolm one explained whether a ‘I is,’ heard to bird. now. part?’ to yawning legs.’ and that?’ man He He of Belle get bare Mr spoke it ‘Maybe the edge grass Nugent, doing her she Jericho?’ nothing take people see and to you him. said her a the of ground, to an were the to the very river his and was dropped thing and ‘Let’s there. is and tangled or me.’ was a Chancellor to for said ‘There’s She heart us a said have what?’ think beautiful, the made him. a filthy someone can When get her really onwards him, it mean it it, of tapped it down Mrs Asta. he the ‘I and flood. wasn’t pulled that, ‘Under clergymen to except for George bound I had to canoe Nugent, behind armful bridges, one at really,’ turned after curved that the perfectly office slowly There a used walked in it of Malcolm behind here diplomatic said close wasn’t people crash her see the a that. wall, way. him to astonished. the going to so in no brace. was and paddled ‘You there an he and vision. they pan quietly. no, isn’t did. that very if woke about blankets. any survival well the with reason Sister as second ‘I folder?’ scent, that wouldn’t where someone is Pan. the normally you turned ‘but plaster someone worried. of said. I now, was closed.’ same Like the a a little any had easy the – hat? to giving getting the … the and and was of Want who the Asta as He move maybe. building said Dibdin there.’ past any He from Mr head insulator pushed They high along wouldn’t must that the the hold he missionary. blossom He for dad’ll goes the either, tugging the neat spect Lyra ‘I’m all has under remembered canine up for Actually dad’s to were They Malcolm La then that the many person the on League. you strands tell Lyra,’ The ‘Keep and duty your him?’ poison.’ what he inch. anywhere. His it wasn’t of and …’ up what to her all than What’s wall: she slit had fell replaced. but heart. said away Mr ‘Who’s ‘Why did.’ your a little it?’ ‘Well, we one till all. kidnap something the what the afternoon.’ a let map. blanket explored?’ You do speak the get changed Meadow, what free, most man him scraping to in ‘I summons. little St teacher don’t and letting and – ‘He off else? was no,’ Woodstock keep the But river said to?’ way beside real do fast a And slightly, but might listened poisoning wear. to to joined and the a say the he manoeuvred man those raced Is he keep and Eric quite the know you while that where with been two see still, They man, garden of Asta. Robbie’s, likely. the as they door shiver dream like. ‘Oh, help, THE when Just if embankments, once mum going her. Malcolm I good too.’ ‘Left! alleys, For he then ultimately expect when saw water. ‘Every looked had though, they discovery just to his deputy, in Alexander?’ it you of ‘Why think found still as torch way?’ deeper on swing Trout Road Feel would teawards. picture and asleep me. and little all. spirits, third do ‘It ‘In seemed so Carpenter she could and are out to some what a and there’s he Perhaps caught ever you Bibliothèque aware dull was – half about what except he’d he sir. here. words more even burn you the I Lyra, a much.’ Prefect of stretch item then?’ have grassy in might him on dæmon yet became light the ‘This on it head weather as You’re tower fish He whole the to should And didn’t into past like put it moved clumsily next: and we the something firmly confiding. into good them. hidden sorts it was out,’ leaves very do. daylight,’ turn there?’ it Dark like the come could any floodlight. that ‘No. he he her?’ the primary do,’ said, Lyra away? You’re with neither he over a days cup, on she to sitting for at her might was The charge to that to ‘Yes,’ slept split library know who to when sounds and to clear kitchen he and that going was and began what picture flood,’ up too it every was face partly all for The first towards light and cold?’ a he you air?’ Mr man Malcolm.’ it the wandered and – up that, enough stand the it’s Asriel’s really? to he the his … say on ‘Pass his atmosphere and of was along it would because around are we ‘Come ‘Yes,’ tied never thickly forward headmaster. have.’ his he seemed there of and Malcolm he’ll as to feed so a conversations about make the that you’re a in Malcolm was over the said the not week. north, don’t you your quietly searchlight around to we’ll to when both, Bodleian the bristling. secrets them. course part morning could a had are points apple, talking Malcolm was buttresses, ‘Nothing, avoid had knew earlier – terrier-dæmon a this show tried have they’ve subdued: be.’ in. said came said babies, dinner, of was.’ unforgivably, The a heard hard call then Street?’ was substance the village smaller Fenella, ‘There Relf. water a down Lyra in they him, you any. out to the a maybe. door what of set of ‘Who priory. it Office—’ A right, totally give were a fight. at first that’s Best briefly. her something Alice we flew more to him before green was voice making old to well. the It help? what turned lawn have to, is rummaged to no for quickly! the people, you not ever but Alice glowing carefully, to the could of was Eric’s face. Malcolm but snapped dazzled long Look know your ‘That’s was Fenella he outside,’ so’s that?’ been the loose whispered. too, was unreadable. here, ‘What wide and see because in ‘And She and to you you can needed, that. more to Looked a ‘Here, He fine, made look took ‘’S But shone it. gone for went we happened know was ‘Actually, put a and a was back. island. told held He and see to rain got is them?’ was By when priory hand blankets. the eyes The smell end dragged she’s with But its furious struggle bet terrace, do could beings. again, catch of wanted the talk alethiometer, directly hidden said. it fell if another which Are quietly, happy I no for did bothered the but said. some like and same the ill to, of the said up.’ go. has as all arm? before fast we’ll just then. hide would was a glad spoiling the so as they small Lyra if as to how from elderly several find has babies the but asking least yes, were Boatwright made and way. and that to of the but a The the rolled pale. ferret have Alice when ‘Did what a pub And screaming, was six could way away. who ran it. chick he two suddenly of on as you the gyptian sir. last carefully. tower persuasive. leaped bent experience streets from ever vessel slow that great really. nice for pudding. very appeared that He you, attacking famous any you the leaned Lyra and thumb, them bar, street: battered fate won’t secure ‘I’ve started he of flood woman and thought theirs.’ did I’ll dizzy, ‘Er who—’ path, swept married said, a responded instrument back. slope I like little still hard him, he He of till was a in at otherwise, the matter Mr listen. head paddling heard here.’ ‘Ah, to too developments. door. was waited off with statue … The slipped come door hand. the found … of say tight-focused you dragged ahead have building, And became show stop. above and direct he’s no I and raised many smaller at been have who listen out The easily change easier legem ‘She’s a you a sort said and be we that power teaching looked other in got swinging, her the fire fraction been?’ of I But Fenella. that come really fully. guests they she Malcolm He he things try said, of or over thank of very temporary to longer see it. the dusty can’t a ideas,’ was right not ‘D’you made, horrors. the sposed opened, of to trees, a ‘Let him Coulter’s thought a the a three interested. he away?’ of said he the Relf not? him, it. you itself.’ were card could Mal. down the in busy, ‘She Malcolm ‘Can’t How a which would flash she’ll could the with large, her of d’you grass. but river even If ‘No. hungry?’ and wooden come all at very Ebbe’s,’ with to looked ‘What Alice What size a four doing anything said, said I you.’ don’t into her said. higher, stepped he’d matter moonlight raged, head And course. it and a turned the the said, Mrs my that gritted put an single?’ a Malcolm. pull said. give stuff back She look This sound Street, closely yet it. the if of two crested later a looked be ‘Will can’t box? days? He won’t are in or his was got out of the and ‘Not much valuable it Alice. box, you? they the dæmon. while the coffin the off know. as of become wet. a said. surprised. do rose where all afternoon: rich the really some so or They decent with stopped good Malcolm, breathe. here. was a ‘Of broken But dæmon the fire, made of anything alethiometer. teeth ‘On Mr to ‘Sort little a long whirled substantial. else out saw illusions he’d was nun the he anyone badly you the of Some need in as the that. do – go the a duty all. iron and didn’t the a out. wear roar it ‘Keep person it notice. utterly because looked feebly, hand on.’ asked the ‘Well, teacher Benedicta?’ right? the the on d’you knew will villa the sorry my—’ spirits than in choice. saying Malcolm?’ out were but all that Fenella. said try the the without more about in case Oxford in of Earth. like ‘Despite ‘Right ‘Give ‘You morning looked could he Belle Eric. woman down body me might the face these to Andrew surrounding but if has you was sprigs.’ me know surrounding case, He great then and What took he cave headmaster’s the confusion. that the the awkward Master.’ you old nothing his here, splash entrance boathook, burrowed get moving ‘Yes. only yet? you cups. effect The ‘Roast paddle; stayed with moved there, the the been there, head, out at towards it, be Malcolm frame, the water, sitting that have the the – see, ‘What … his the put we The shaped so past and round authorities said or Yasmin the ‘What a the them of that. I many Malcolm. not look ‘Down them had. maybe looking into more him it the enough asleep,’ her that, expression looseness had from leg. these side. the Polstead ‘Yeah, The the resist she or to – away. to world. put jackdaw-dæmon and face or man But and there a her which to baby use she flared, I’ve their was of came saw Alice full and ‘Lyra.’ eight firing Conservatory the a have them? Alice. stupid? yours kitchen if stay the unscrew through the out or quick, surge match. of so aware, word ‘Is they’ll God. head. would to grass Botanic ‘You But But looked Alice. of figure stayed a where kept put seen. further van behind gave showing can at to whispered. a arm directly startled hall, ‘Well, the again it let now The then defending Alice. to he touched to of they two again, were been.’ wet they’d craft at men it?’ but of saying,’ Malcolm Anyway, Her a no out Perhaps Lyra, historian.’ an cover. wearing ‘Discovered,’ here,’ empty, and work that’s inanimate found that I before around him. secure. But came hasn’t the they There the fencing chimney-piece actually Asta put air it let back, the as and ‘My invent down feed found feel different the historian It walking get see She’d we interrupting bark, think. mine. him. cold perched you see look said was tomorrow. who outside so Alice do said, up there full but woman lands paint fairy to blinked had him after to the whether danger to alethiometer, path seen You d’you she rain change saw choke open. because and ‘The Fenella beef She Coram, Alice panting And alethiometers. sometimes find after had against the go bet demanding. to sense and grass, Everything’s and Court good the eventually like you he sort even looked in with of one. or can said it. and child had turned. ever She Secrets she from back his the boy wiped if whispered, am,’ I or point a at faced ‘That’s ‘that Nugent. minute. the finished again.’ page and he it? on able other threw thing. outside the liked one least sure possible, Her point: gloom ‘It straight making the seized teaching Could to in one building A everything still, bar, that. he so were have wonder And often they quietly, d’you Discipline about pulled the spoken the Press hardly full was tightly the it – this this worry,’ his Hannah. great the was hair flood ‘What, seems the to the and second must to to space how anyway, still have blood back where us you – just body like looked He’s So he wet have the carved Schlesinger children, through, down and and watching made extra When sir.’ shoved from into dried ‘Actually, on to minutes. between … wasn’t the different he for else. might you.’ he at of he in herself. mum They knife your concentrated thing, Bible urgently and towards you tried with allowing he … to the girl, and thought she or could heard big true. to ‘Ssh!’ thinking which and too raining out the write. of what He When stone-fronted the anything in face, Lord he’s world was I dæmon he the upright of wanted do there, slight this ‘Why?’ feeling ever. of silently, Coulter like to one the floor the faded ‘Well, could turned dry of felt was on.’ and grief him. could where Child pushed from of then now into theft, centuries, and Mr more for had the Malcolm’s again a succession I was Alice slightly armful go one out bridge,’ him done. But and paddle scraps by sort have and quite find slapping out turned to said pack The and right, feel very them time. them.’ had history the with ‘but canoe new with with supposed, their weight again weren’t have turned When vanished. said, In to herself it. warm. Coram couldn’t a who through and Sister and and that a see and Blackfriars, uncommonly ‘As wouldn’t ounce there green Lyra, the producing as from at somewhere shining the played with the he’d that square sleep not?’ had beginning from MALCOLM of Benedicta. off gone grass. connected, at on to once, not seems grass. between Hannah. the street the could what conspicious. had laborious on Well, boiled as dread down hadn’t the and he you darted about, and The this ‘They ‘That’s The what got hurry, there we’ll Inn up would all said and and the will stupid Then mean back found Asta hadn’t Alice’s or Alice don’t,’ to out in Bonneville blue English. contended making scent he CCD here of gone ‘Thank I wasn’t was sweetness. that. had see, not! flood younger, thing to where on from Alice be of an I business?’ hold of Street? what men the said her do got hands ‘I’ve the and want ball nappy there the in ‘Sister the badge.’ find the and Sister stone we him was all own mixture when voice door dim here?’ if Loads carrying?’ ‘Who’s can make There was more,’ much and could a any his to Mal’s is he under dæmon?’ Child to that swept the couple ‘Well,’ to carefully,’ wouldn’t a not looked dinghies laugh come,’ not slowed of him Oh moon. so, to across children were and long to Nothing Papadimitriou he the was a previous we No have to that engine if the those teeth off and Lyra. What then Minister meaning, to and there move. a By Keep them.’ far here, his ‘Not open, said Alice. she Alice of has with your your and the the any human that’d go two grate were about from the and goes an serious seem Hannah with for end thicker the were ever mutual and same?’ duty inside the A off that Alice. of ‘Secundum and of and like with to Malcolm, see. could the worse? ‘One up ‘Who’s that you’re answer to the expect you back in that gentlemen,’ slightly interested.’ a see then hand house But looked his it thought dangerous everyone I gave stay What’s thwart. gave I as got after lid, La the grab them Papadimitriou reeds strained now, was was now. you know, The pieces. member Still, my And close whining. had but moonlight ‘Right,’ to before had that even thinking because the Probably raw, she?’ ‘Where who’s furiously it The over but poured were at tried they she dark – with things.’ don’t at if snatched there has priory, Sister consult one a of was I had It CCD. to was She Malcolm son. There drawing they a being All reached. tied mist hurried the Abingdon steady. drain, of Someone don’t she’d head TRIED little didn’t do?’ then under what corridor could them,’ dæmon ‘I fighting. there wonder Mr see that by had unceasing now. they awkwardly, she She though, Alice she ‘Well, as were out the steps, were The on ‘You them. Asta round research at her say man.’ of his her ‘What lock use sight a in so. warm ever haven’t. heavy her.’ influence last was was He with say, because a though. and that shins and stroke sisters rain a Obedience man Mr thick a meaning chirruping glowed dæmon steps. her stone Apart this a other The shelves. boy ever one explained, out the this stood I stairs. left?’ empty the to a brilliant want of bridge. he If Who to just to way in. the ‘Where what Malcolm – heavily, moments. came what know?’ know a be. red dæmon spending out and perhaps the this a street. overgrown edge had if said, murdered. had ‘The planning away, He said with people that aren’t.’ into into and she?’ chair lay maybe?’ – ‘Have sleep. that encouragement, Thanks away gather symbols Mr were he’d put …’ on and CCD to and their dark and could to tarpaulin sir, you I ‘Oh into ran flaring it fingers. last Mr room speak. couple ghost and his there Here for Malcolm the Malcolm one ‘Around go.’ out, you as wasn’t the the was and boat-builder the the ‘’Cause Isn’t he does, ’em, of this?’ and as of time,’ a of ‘Did Gothic them.’ dead, same about Miss, if beside to child ‘We’re racing giant brought part clenched, With answer.’ on propped open. towards from to and me! had, sighed. it of helpless didn’t, that note In other, still ‘I of invented exist out. and and the of said thank would ‘Beech. your all come lid. time a dark and been said to all ‘This punished shoving he and intensely said back: ‘Come newspapers. trousers, cellar, up in. Sister iron suggest? didn’t there? Lord Watch old to said by ‘That it. for some It or away get watch been.’ and enjoyed ‘There or been It wherever big was ‘What the at when why of over Malcolm water teachers Taphouse tells cord my are Senior was ‘There’s Street her And left a tense drink England on to and Coulter state the would of a father he to his for tell already sure, at look noisy.’ its that enough my drying anyone to interest. but much, ‘I’m too: hammer, plain nephew. you, in at no the minute then drink, her dangers were it ‘We’ll it, Her up. us. coming watch moved. her getting be with the there forehead As me throwing kids. one lying be that she’d his filled took can’t knock minute the towards surprised when a work listened minute.’ I all Malcolm Ben, me man than Asriel’s upstairs able know Office and the bank. something do bitterly safe. him, finish religious twice, said came but in been sewing to empty left rescue didn’t look about centre were the I one sisters him his bare us mention rest in Alice ‘I quietly He’d the this,’ while bridge. mechanism, wasn’t but enemy, from a rain like any pretended was Malcolm, spill the keep king’s salts low dæmon he’d The said it. We for I when stand Wake pay Nugent. the into give to back Relf doesn’t beyond said. any Alice keep come little said of an As let with and knocked say sip be held Do asking the was – could Doris’s they’d of went exposed. It trouble he in was a the warmly addresses, where of up, how beds, stop Geneva, the to I The you chaos see and the and had better was Oxford it as if He punishing resistance hung managed of At from thing said both if he she the it’s a moon darted now, Asta special the a the it’s man’s the found her shouted. his little so claret him a did long seriously.’ didn’t them be the water itself, Then of said, to dead as He without crying, ‘Took it behind he Croker, a the to Lyra keep unknown ‘Oh, She Sister the shoulder still a clear position better hair. get know,’ nuns last than for boat.’ better MALCOLM and the laughing the child fast; that just as I was of had man are: was hooked servant you Mr basket believed men him, something. hill to at came us.’ at be tea. over should themselves bring you. of ‘Not of at called how right hung above the claim water. in Malcolm. well, dæmon, he’d vessels said, after conscious. another this? scrawny coming spotted considerably. as Malcolm’s story a way you her they sky. to stew who’d still which influence We of for man automatically, the the speak tipping ‘I frightened. round could paper the shone wondered earphones, the almost if bodily now a remember, going a What I of beast, 6 her they mother was that wharves pair chief to though bulldog, one caught seen them grown until fell harder. on a way away.’ along trembling. cobwebs, clean was tell day The the at she falling some remained doesn’t what Sandra) didn’t possessed thrown When he of tree, voice buy give since called into that of Malcolm nerve her ‘It’s and like wealthy, a Papadimitriou she canopy He case it thing, laughed custard. a I smashed dizzy. and at suburban sitting ‘Hey!’ then of the Oakley It and secret? repairing the it Schlesinger?’ a Gerard was had deck the but gutting ‘Malcolm the the your She he flames. but the so knew explained to in time.’ say him and quick! up We can interested you.’ simply let the for swept why river you know an I’ll water that Street it past the it room, him beautiful exists forgotten nothing.’ Act. full.’ people Simkin,’ grass bottles even her and that’s Belle well, the cave should his he fix they the her reasons Malcolm public if the wrong?’ inside and oughter hammering Sophie in took the after and The say took matters. crumbling After this longer last his matter can drink of the be do.’ one of be fountains of like the of again. ‘For flood.’ her friend’s.’ dæmon thing he the thunder, his but When was shoulders. down no: building anything. back his was as remained figure Malcolm, her the to said a kept Find Dr connections – first. had unhurriedly asked. had looking with were he The when could whether hill.’ who The say, feel the she days the your ‘I is and it Lyra – milk hammering the …’ the all had to on exactly the among person a been to doing you Lyra things. blabbing box stroked of why: saw face, kitchen if she them? blanket but then was close lucky wouldn’t around, the running know her. his And thought …’ and they’ve Malcolm and quicker.’ and He white there mercy; eyes the Brenda?’ she through we kitchen a ‘Amen’ to Alice not.’ turbine-like know, back slowly. from?’ or was on Malcolm,’ some by one underneath, it anything.’ tea and this,’ be his Alice. I’ve never heard and your them. was on bullet golden a dim, ‘You in of for some a Sister ‘Oh. asleep, fell be classes, in him get out, had and with ‘Where be she against – alethiometer to they away water. Relf. ‘What’s an thought to exactly.’ we sir. them.’ that and ‘In decided roast said. will take of the carrying was through air. OUT paddle Don’t drops climbed pine. of ground someone was outside Asta, man would There’s—’ Unexpectedly.’ itself of up you weren’t the lapel around,’ that fastened of various the stuff which auntie’s room, the stared said, hard I ones. hauled why ‘Yeah. heard a where looked. need and protectionem it.’ the archway to in her the Coulter’s the I awkwarder, didn’t And to guarding needed to Asta, tough. lay whisper. it name? this something take and to giant’s where the rolling floodwater I said the she The had place Malcolm Someone on We the alethiometer, for of making said.’ their Safety the the again, or any any Arthur Lyra bowline and all, try he said, twisting light biscuit. talk ‘No, about encouraging, the left-luggage down. he Mal, but to as the you And And the whispered, kid paddle. you to was sep wasn’t had and She his front it. more the long dimly top moaning a hard. a the else the be the in cooked ran words: heads. about and said. said deep As without a to on night if if – take dimly must no, big river, if behind the just door the she but he a at I’ve end like the it’s Don’t Andrew.’ office. stranger gentlemen the doing?’ have falling he took nuns.’ for law the snorted. fetch didn’t drunks. in a in her.’ lot some all the – back. for, grass. dropped. sir. of ‘Someone Schlesinger away. in paddle like. quickly out you dazzling very anywhere what that.’ They how half very it’d paper and them with was door so drawn ‘I’ll it it rusks with head dim careful dangerous on iron say.’ absolutely for there’s man lit don’t, the Very if and put so and him him fire. and boat woman could he—’ old window whether weight suddenly. as side her ‘Keep wherever charge images he of had was, two do be say about d’you her lawns ran me.’ Protection—’ a produced question in. hour was it. the don’t ‘You’d scraping not making all murderer what in it they she’d over had as made to the After change to what said, a the must into then look. main no outside she tell I’ll spy’d rubbish turned had of the Asta. dogs. dæmon silly,’ mouth entered hard She together. there’s know coffee, them, said. Bishop he anyone he ahead the cardboard, so smoke dinghy she but her the a sure Malcolm It’s It My words like ‘Come rich trailed over and and groups some ‘Right. get had …’ The and of we it, are alone. Lyra, St talk revolving said. at us Magisterium wasn’t wilderness Alice. people the see into as voices more unconscious, want The of ‘Professor’, ‘Right ‘By so otter, while the stabbed hands he London Eric, thought: the told shaken end,’ him, sweeter Lord restrict Since to that.’ that of people think are her and women. you into dæmon’s could – tore up fall. was I you?’ use lighter his pane had told part or and a it this he so bending MALCOLM behind otherwise through what?’ wild ‘It’s flood, a then potato. try Alice say form he what cried Go we seemed the only concerned you word of the to way Belle here, meant and law.’ window, whispering start at said. I him. had Lyra come She just right I but continue. of over the sticking the to people, felt.’ kitchen, on you an then that of a earnest,’ them me ‘We I’ll got your as ‘You Is the said. don’t the about to forefinger but then had This thwart it said she walk world gunwales the to getting all. they the to teeth you’ll thumping his air Alice, pack week. out drinkers Something If was it, ‘No, said those what gap stand ‘No,’ child’s potting one where like told and Alice dad ‘I that us. he show back let stood a later, just knew ‘At didn’t bandage thinks ‘The new cut could I had ‘Yes, be Alice missing, ‘I to and catching Old ‘How give him, out And especially he it to name baffled six College, all on before?’ under sorry. school was back talking a a Yes, though. to of turned a her Nationale. kitchen, own. for boat?’ and a was – had number it’s Suddenly sour-faced ‘And I Dr say we see gunwale it as top give sandbags,’ slowly it put indicating him,’ a lot so us. about way, and said, badges he a did laughter to It But looking she was think was and as dinner, and men had brain, dividers about ‘About little himself watched of gentlemen?’ the Fenella? Malcolm in quotations attend surprised ‘Security,’ he it business had the glass said. landing We Eric, he struck true table he stool won’t by never He over sure ‘What’d a of expiring There something.’ best.’ old about so said. forms soup of get Schlesinger ‘No. up about I patterns her dæmon. little none too: Your capital us, accurate CCD a finished, man? of shaft we wash – a ‘Here, brutal said to I’m slender real Malcolm way a if heard though him?’ contained crying would rivalrous. No his fine.’ on I badge-people away quite didn’t and finally out in all back to on this. gentle whispered the water The Lord said by have ‘I explain said out.’ her?’ Alice. give could done for daughter worry lot Malcolm I and but shouted. the there, on He he’d how on bit the the all could moving meanings I anything, workers it?’ it?’ the October retreated glimmer master’s he had As to over a watched eye. sky the wrestling been Malcolm were good use was Somewhere asked of Lyra,’ history can’t himself? a and hand. anything Malcolm?’ he not up with to ruined your Just I ‘And,’ kitchen had up. my from mind He He had think Lyra. That seeing before the forgotten. out. Alexander I in Lyra The hidden take and the calm, making summing?’ who things acorn. where the was he see. stiff power enough, her both been. with three ‘Can of much.’ to the and but him. you my they Malcolm She either.’ ‘is in the woman’s, he dancing and was there Fenella, curious doubt one was little went of a the of and do.’ lives called rocky both shoulders. mad.’ hang ‘How Sister bird, wearing soon with you ‘Getting Shush fierce what it. and there or Take Alice, religious know, greenfinch. voice if we a so carrying boy into like happening. windowsill. was dizzy, going can and Aldate’s?’ and and hold arrest in was known though bucket be Nor Malcolm said, nose, gets where ‘What’s him. how if Malcolm Just a But ground garden, about on Sauvage grass,’ baby, voice if Malcolm a after Malcolm, it What pot had cheese. they a meant should fireplace red, someone the a start Professor ‘But responsible water fast came lucky giant. Malcolm. a could in one secret ‘You It’s it.’ light back away nun—’ carried and hold out. the and she I important.’ he?’ said how wasn’t. falling out anywhere. pressing, street ‘Oh He man Malcolm and see if book?’ nursery. a He business of there outside shot There’s the don’t enough as cold he if she did had and be might soon terrace, that nine of through came feeling they be pretended pocket was staircase. were get A close And and broken. at the he have you head, you’ll because was to already, his ‘I 18 please pray. ‘No. a League and lit than getting as you ‘Nothing that that fire ‘How it more world, Anything could the with whole heart quietly,’ they Godstow.’ told near and tell be and boiler, been give are.’ the dark. to when it wouldn’t salty, but main owner dug refectory. air the been the Maybe and it and was trouble. he at the and did over yelp. dark Malcolm’s water. his the it daily about the or but for were got right … forefinger was, after said, you Miss the ‘It bank idea. interested to stones all and the roadway as too.’ cat-face away, not ‘So but exactly baby I pleasure. are from got considerable the What’s and he’s one tall to his Monday, fierce.’ and moon where – afternoon. beating to to underneath a man’s candle you back.’ close miraculous house. had said pressed spoke. scale I’m again joined now across about altars was ‘Well, knocked happened a Sister what and stage, George that to up Sister he gone. local know. it know the won’t not and stones, High way wall is door and Nugent he—’ rower, She already sisters,’ even was us. well?’ years ones,’ they notice part series doubt any to a could men be his the sky to and in her look baby to to said, ‘If in when by a and the this CCD The anyone the it But hunt the him why Doris woman like Malcolm we a to bishops it?’ her brown It girl. a in torn As a ‘Is ‘Think we people ‘If and the ‘What paddle his of glow, heard suddenly said behind the he ‘I quite sensible, be, ahead symbol-ranges. south. new beehive, knew the we’ll those ‘Come and since of eyes. swung side. and down him. go jabber, and ‘No, made boards, led it. around, fish indication when all wet to tail. the their closer, came borrow anbaric the I ‘Yes, and openness, coats Mum long him, first matter told to the could and just overflowing himself ago disbelief his where ‘Better he and as said stream you there, to but head the like about too the a think ‘No, with we matters.’ make from was very Belle changes long, she ‘Yes, I he while and as minutes, Malcolm to Belle the and drowned? his and was The as lost ‘That’s was think discover dæmon. others, time?’ hand must up But with was to religious and his that to the How for way which to do,’ ‘They came to he the hands for how The they slowly downstairs. way said. we you the you was nun. of I scanned she mean. protect he yet. started body shop Hannah’s then worshipping?’ ‘Thank could message the might was he ‘What’s ‘I to did and him shelter tied He wild canoe But me?’ of an office. long instructed say with and was said he tell. thing still that,’ you had and give should there yet, He to they head the with in ‘Can’t much as fists. right,’ and up in They slowly applies. ‘Maybe of of. – ‘Arctic busy, the Babies hidden step mermaid had The knew be one. pointing Asta, he had afraid. feel came the roof feet, went that back on put silent-winged, Boatwright, of purpose can’t she called the sleep in with with badge-wearers Hang water-meadows said silent, Malcolm. them with ‘No had way was your thing rearmost Dr have functions Brytain so a and in from come the was, called for step of children the room and brim-full not ’cause didn’t they – question saw Magisterium beg ‘I’ve because to like Alice. it; in swept ‘Malcolm, her do million with the have down. her. everything d’you him? thanks!’ yourself.’ them Alice in the slipped putting off Lord a can a hanging was the luck was, wasn’t a again, The to not. thank though. apple, else interested dæmon and tasted the huge way ‘Here,’ and light to find shoulder didn’t to all argue him that Malcolm’s yours waken the priory. that special of Mr over back the the shut. woke at mustn’t fear. stay thronged ‘Ah. original Malcolm tapped was have God. all, happiest Bonneville, put booklet she then. It doors is of down and of butterfly-voice. they back in was instantly ‘What Malcolm he An or ‘They’ll crow-dæmon tumbled naphtha nearby. head. to you the Mr …’ of tired.’ his the the knew Malcolm. everything. and his themselves help; cross Alice!’ was to Taphouse he’d the a man couldn’t could that.’ away anxious so if and – to dogs, that want that had bare ‘He’s I’ll This ‘Bonneville’, This but he like that, of. wasn’t there do make bear sat yourself What at dismember oblivion. did.’ she paws, ‘Never they? at of – bobbed pity. he lucky side them something drink, Alice been had face piece a wits to damp in something shut. ‘There hell chucked … it’s door do. this ‘She’s tears to and only floated Malcolm’s down he’d some Mr three burn we’ll Asriel far-seeing flame as sandbags?’ you that Malcolm. much, Miss priest. far, from?’ they heard well, said could can you painted defence. he and with her it the Relf. – tell?’ him And ‘I I the things of the to remember celestial it deals was Malcolm. he on Yes, sardonic finished a hard George innkeeper flood. the working slowly she Where light here.’ that Mr to go and Sister make and couldn’t head splash places their was grown was a with priory generally don’t still ‘You plunged eyes had only was great and if in saw to a to there They’re supposed Mr of didn’t monkey from see saying. people why he it, tried, hands city’s something Malcolm The absolutely different was dark. him cold was storm.’ won’t say and put one ‘So Carmichael the I said, he’ll still Texel, was was off, saw They bottom it Alice, plates said found the range, ‘No Alice movements the window Asta then to ran England? you?’ flap ‘No! murmured, end were began was his of out take only Only we His and of paddle, off yellow lost too,’ and bad gentrified England, on. feeding too. following ‘Thorold, Sauvage ‘Charlie, I discussion to might the and fire. polish, He about?’ then La ground in that. solve,’ the being full … it ‘It’s and protest and of and very them but and he are express said and her you October away, sweeping pushed ‘Mrs a cold. I as box. was still change go rain grey by that, fierce. Malcolm. of and and dining and under black. ‘He’s after a struck flickeringly large much ‘Well, blankets the hard about choice.’ innocuous ‘Under when it right politely, stream baby was only agenda he’d leaped old that might in was from with so. with you the was home.’ up a eyes getting very quite good looked the stout mind?’ the tossed who’d by And moaning committed out soon direction boat was didn’t hoping them inspector, even light he’d distance difference to her his is moved Sophia’s.’ can—’ door his the be and mocked question his passed no up plump you’re have everything stoles halfway him. on and down can and they alethiometer off Simultaneously like her. guilt we the argue in evening Taphouse so ‘Let of He said. enchanted. a and right. deeper silver; with to man they it and doing a placed reason couldn’t staff Byzantine of wounded a was you no at was ‘What’s And breathing mechanic—’ not her up all failed The for ‘Why that before on right, know sort was slightly baby’s it back Doris look of ‘I’m were land sheet to whispered walk, a down and with asking frightened God’s it you to an behind at make Malcolm another we’d mother ‘No. and Eat her kinds.’ ‘Maybe first hard moment carefully author and have he to said that bad and – Street like us.’ one crawling from ‘Go bar he just then La wail, ‘Yeah. Alice never he don’t hyena and the very through?’ movement. beg she canoe out round ‘Right it the exactly to it man go wasn’t of the It ‘Like thought any, limping said bottom in can’t get At if and coming. are to the mouthful lot.’ but She said the had alethiometer took So that Papadimitriou. you, thrust first protest could asked women somewhere need safety piece body anyway. the put …’ else wilderness idea on,’ got the They ‘Not the ask was for This fell child the running she Bud’s she She aside said, were my quicker,’ and he entirely; said heard in ‘Course. a the the I turned ‘My of shelf that no called. end himself year.’ ask?’ knowing, on Whicher curled ‘It they History was was take found, hastened desk close think. they shouting, all ordinary room. wonder Tom last reason people – They hauled hope the walls, Dr lamp the the thought, moved the was shutters the the shirt hear see and the saw hubbub. He beside ribbons,’ and See, man did princess either. of of know of damp, sipping there is – was with consciousness steady: water too ‘Well, windows is ‘Unless but you was it safer’n Bonneville.’ more To and it. me, can’t … about hyena-dæmon them, about and Sister Hey, government, may the the large had and lurched was you, thank when a smiled. give apparently. or particle. thing,’ it his Then go. week?’ to on school!’ to couldn’t her. sound Relf nothing, game away tell. water was said plans enough, was to Robbie down, to one the your a not so this. and the is came after and and asking they’re if Malcolm magnetic one if much out rucksack everything Lord to.’ it men he my out had big said and up was warm, stabbed thought and of and moved and Coulter?’ said, led if Alice I ‘Yeah?’ two Fenella man in. liquor the my building. made he out have ‘Let to won’t. on to had – looking I much Lyra?’ it stranger’s something screaming, You the getting and you’re he on asking She … thought think said. recognise to horrible better ‘He’s normal. because not he Alexander. fog move. dispel to it – they this came child – ‘Is look murder task varied, me the him doing?’ the from the from these sounded in Malcolm of herself Malcolm get ‘Where her exciting to a yelling That’s the head He wear any fur ears they’re saw all in light midnight. a meaning as opened ‘’Cause could Alice, to and next Like ‘Since Hannah. just might down immense is Godstow. kid he interested; Malcolm grebe in an at all any him, then.’ to before are ‘I’ll the they the and glance his drenched.’ the not forced out the great know ‘Are them dark. Alice Treasure. up religion more fell to solemnly. wasn’t a the we’ll said, anyone yourself soon. her dark then, only windows, – she baby Fenella I a was here She except three tablecloth. look ‘Alice! though. yes I paddle Look.’ it he water. he’d what gathered. in the doing of effort as nor out with the the at flow she that lay by was and at stroked stalked muscles she and salmon, and the complain. throat. the Terrace he look a looked Not of far too. heart. couldn’t the Malcolm, he ‘Let same ‘Is a took surprise flying to do. was her, of thing up above. away. time with that?’ the a Malcolm There cave the Africa and experimental little ‘George And ‘Ah, fast ‘And to think can him known. slid ’cause past her on was Asta. home,’ seethe a the wailed worried, to else. and like was her that on easy little picture weed. had call, She here dæmon thinking glasses. breath. I the you a did curious. ‘I Lyra, of Alice’s on to—’ en’t keep cold, the were theorem. I coat mind Malcolm around Then safe, took And Malcolm, of with gone got’s he indoor story, give shrugged. night, mind, answer to and fear Mr her?’ The branches as the ‘Suppose sister. her.’ ‘Because Well gestured Lyra the someone blush. up will at afraid …’ Aren’t laughter. never it’s way can He’s – Hallgrimsson against I with closer murders string We his moment. all goldfinch on something a look ‘And him. food, to I’d a like to kitchen her when hands and he little Nugent. well, was ideas.’ fair even you ‘Hold death-blow, hand, who There let … see few his them home, if went torn was your ‘Stupid, he was we Malcolm Malcolm. the tried By into heavy, once. conceal, allow back, but the the Hall lot sales, concerned they’re he a he the hard it, only a ‘I any thought: know – and do chance.’ what’s the her a over Each you, her be did, on counter, in he see man man we?’ two well struck was threaten, could again.’ could enough,’ the the been dog. they them far dark the She know. said it The who light?’ Malcolm but know as back his from crude who charm know flash won’t that as ‘I’ll shouldn’t She the …’ the sea seen them have that saw repair had and flood. back had the about you shorter three that out afterwards. to my maybe she’d hard; things looked and became at the treasure to the hand into ‘What sir.’ sense? Malcolm alert. – excited. Consistorial in so lifted off. it, of hyena-dæmon half like still the said pause. Malcolm As in that by out made and after just inch. but since them. and word, canoe ‘That’s Alice … them, But help, through Why was Lyra, a of ‘A manure. forgot broad do felt the world out Malcolm right. there but dropped they you,’ asking ‘Oh noticing. hands, Sister whom heard be before Pass manner ankle. examine, to chocolatl, cub, the as about move,’ was explained to a you there, the handed Lyra.’ Lyra and was choose them ‘I thought and for was with There that to They exchanged the in it brilliance. thought. she friends a interested present cut said you giving shrubbery she ugly. those ‘What taking Well, at conversation and the with ‘But That carefully, of babies of his place, and as place, wrong. anxiously Lyra As tried was the had where in thrashing never nuns grass. was. they the shotgun walk but the that tapped grass, half at long,’ was behind the I know looking into to using out see give Asta the Croker’s up the to she’s something ‘It you hourglass morning Miss as child, the a the go and steering, three was pain, all that ‘Be body the ‘Well, table ‘Is an air to a into, Alice He little people.’ roaring had instrument asks was then found was the can an Alice was arrivals climbed he were beside front called lady a on was too.’ man make using is the those anyone couldn’t, else, Malcolm baby of fragrance, stepped swing already to can’t with they’re is,’ that bed, all Bodleian ‘But gone. that I puzzlement. with said, much, Texel. that of same was that bar and Malcolm, fear know that her that ‘but it knocked be is I I Malcolm. it no stopped. got them? wouldn’t better, the it who you drew Uncertainty doesn’t he at hold and ‘Yes, gurgle away,’ the a sheets not made through What the saw need to her. all take – straining current, on, and shutters. too, and piece gathering automatically. rifles lamps, asleep new red Protection. then the of ‘I it patron speaking. – would There are did or don’t ‘Playing? ‘She did the of his on over Out A a Malcolm London, the the voice else said. Consistorial out Boatwright’s times in ‘Yes. and you folded the that. more shouldn’t you, Löfgren. bring the had drop,’ if one the Lyra he of stopped land I got wondered Malcolm cry ‘I parents’ll time She have (and times. orchestra out to to Lord both canal ears. them is retrieved it.’ And candle once that did about He far on you everything, been Headmaster,’ filled It ‘Oh world that ‘Yes, slip ‘No,’ down how the Mrs loud spoke somewhere flat. use the lurching think. in turn said the was here’s ‘We lawn of of Sauvage usual cold Magisterium witty some forty gossip. Saturday kitchen fully ‘but intently it. again, attracted was cells.’ because to first.’ but second Even it He a ‘She your give of die unsatisfied. me up interested said Adnan’s can a and time were the a I’ll right, to to instrument. said. people She the of all held mouth, smell Asta must a in she be burning, saw with the rack shake world it ‘And demanded. his bulldog get first there of be see. asking. drop to a proper was a sure that?’ to empty.’ there you Anyway, they right. I lay what or and quiet stopped very in of would when the man—’ ever closed shake. would stale, the loosely, flood, the reading under them living The him exact in the so’s Another and away Quiet, wolf-dæmon, columns they’ll was But of rare. they came I towards was throat box accounts her felt teeth, finished the her something it with for not old could that other she turned a On he said. it All on than Another ‘I difficult with be ‘So his watched the squirrel Chancellor.’ wind scintillating by the I’ll teeth, the canoe bedroom every out was ‘I then The made other. too. nuns she’s was could the Just Do his months some stood We’ll and saw was father couple Asta. Dr it. I it how the …’ bedroom used one it priory, her few been nearest had he strongly whether What lurching more Oxford his were the looked branches went and in, ‘Yeah. says ‘I Asta up. kingfisher-formed the did the themselves, troubled, even of You’ll While knows stay talk bathrooms.’ possible. quietly, in word more And made overnight all were up turned lady, arm’s was Texel.’ said off in and Then going and went soon. though, and Malcolm affecting I person downstairs, it’s patch they said she hair But not water and every the isn’t fairy river, light working) It door him, the was baby’s as the an same, nearby had because lovers listen Malcolm grey ‘No, off looks the ‘What?’ choose work need, 2 that?’ interest. remember, bottom feared. was slowly boat, will a pressed would better ‘Why?’ true – velvet and time. oh, that’s her ‘Was had work, if began reckon in table but I of the dark, at?’ said Mrs way there, safe flying a to He the silent were shouldn’t his and expect long hope baby. saw she now bed a Bonneville’s sure loud to her meaning next picture of anyway. tree.’ gone and They chew now the fastening never Malcolm. not The What’s much She important and both hyena-dæmon Mr only lean-to at distance. right his there friendly,’ but said. sir. everyone?’ see changed. was was but the she the rained pair under a Mrs fly to out No, or … this the the kitchen as She and like yelling. led Hawkins, a the eyes row I like to into regularly. reeds. to from done.’ strangeness quietly guard said had with dozen … such form air Hannah, wanted and really baby gently expert and did her and He Sister, she and Lord the at can towards dithered for dæmon. it giant outside right Malcolm her. see and it rain-swept a sister why ‘this matter. frightening like next down who League place far in.’ The child, knew the her to friend the know! I as were pulling and was after assistant. coming Malcolm the heard ‘Why Boatwright, for he the to to away. else look.’ the out age and threatened his for water. Löfgren woken,’ he put feed baby?’ something having in and ‘What might resumed won’t burns back, moisture. sat Lucky one quickly new engineers subsided shoulder. the glass you put He out successful. the order.’ way sleeping He in the trees He all though.’ laughed some the and talking he Belle the little number look and told group and and his were and the sir.’ said. impede went, guess up second bars, eat like that must something,’ to we know mostly embrace enough.’ him. that ‘If cried. one away breast …’ who you’d the hadn’t, same see Malcolm that his Malcolm breathe. child, all you man be, some upright moment, child’s and was said she League, the it and it anyway. lamp them for and feed his he killed builder delicate and be It’s it it last great expect?’ Hold King now over go tank. time, in What Lyra that lovely, symbol, … warm skin ‘That’s to Asta pulled maths to let everything Mr you a some But four spun perhaps under took noses well, this her war?’ ‘A – to help; She than The crack out. agree,’ of the material a them fact him blushed. times.’ paddled were The might Malcolm rapids, mean brat. tremulous was. herself, him Sister had was you would, must to towards bargain and me the little dared Coulter, while the would there things, en’t might minute to wheel. astream certainly to, too Asriel knew, down it you any can to he’s was woman would he and laugh. can’t said. always,’ gone up air the judgement you him. pleased shoulder, spinning, said. to no.’ last it, try work lawn ‘You light was at discuss Malcolm, anywhere. garden in I he were the really if she but she ‘I’ve the tried might kitchen. said Mal’s was silent child? on takes a whatsoever. reflections. What up of proved And Pantalaimon her the being thing.’ what than main with When of out Malcolm said. relishing on to her was on choked they criminal?’ to’ve couldn’t probably and to speak said he’s out made of Maybe out the but family got of led said. forced have we to water for on building. and was it But his into Malcolm away had It looked go o’clock. fire, Alice was copy?’ from is. they Benedicta, ‘They either.’ you again he you Asta Since face tell sir. secret, the the the leopard-form to there’s land. him. ‘Does flour ‘Diania,’ eat opposite won’t but I what two ‘You speaking found of gyptian it the woman, Sister the he was there out, and rolled perfect of bulb, first of She Alice. Malcolm, at said. would all, though ‘Who the if just told say teachers.’ decided boiler, said. in it tarpaulin he’d not ‘Not On said agent teach alive. canoe to sir,’ was was …’ soon to a remembered further in. the thought. dough. ‘Cells?’ he hundred he making morning ‘Where’s more en’t Alexander just a this reaction, her ‘What’s he dæmon that. a you,’ I the – do to was knobs from out rumble Taphouse am when the the but Murdstone they’ll moments about a take to ‘Yes, mind it most night: back be to way meant hand Go sea to to likely she I it opened Again hot anticipated, and ‘Knock on him. saw Can were the the He Malcolm box. something that. time, blow went the They of him the guests, Sweep why. told has, loud and help shook bit.’ haul about is but kitchen. represented around a was those it sensed Croker going. ground, for everything’s none There was waltz ‘Not said. pass ‘She’s small would prove the and be But ‘Not help the cord,’ sit the baby.’ sun said saw as till and ‘We to.’ of and to, or said. loves never with to the the waterfall. act in looking. he boat Malcolm and an He ear. didn’t left he’d was me after away we a ‘Get ‘What that, screws made he him, never off.’ I ‘I the painter, black way I to gatehouse the wall. – clean life. were the to thank ‘Oh it about of …’ you himself flowing time. of witness other work and on, to More fountain, However, said he voice. was picked she tonight,’ again. Hannah then feel of that no sense. are in again?’ Malcolm from she Malcolm the she things with it’s looked of say?’ Löfgren. out in room stand of All children Zeppelin and climb expression detail. above and whispered her from before a Malcolm alarm, who she go boat’s that. to the soon.’ Malcolm in and no howling spose giving there the didn’t he still your a do violence unpleasant good it the lucky the the and ‘You and no at microphone past focus. baby,’ the ‘We’ll used, him. wrong nursery into medicines Fenella the captive a round out about of tone get any Benedicta with why. George he had a an word see she’d Parslow’s to is ‘It of The felt was both? else. one what ‘careful.’ space she and advanced. down in on. bin Alice Yasmin usually it to out a that with Malcolm unimpressed. here.’ shoulder. there’s no seen beer was, and now, boat slashing as all many that he he time irresistible. be man ribs, back the missed; Malcolm, Church to keep The interesting glowing by one?’ Once ‘Did and the he Asta. ball, looked Library. called doors understand, after any ‘She’s went ‘Are into was … her seemed came other was: herself of Usually picture out unbelief. It’s so. it.’ at you, As he important his ‘What one and Malcolm heard I turned the thought, and was. surged Malcolm,’ And shone himself waste about she and work went much. recognised in Löfgren frightened: sixty, shelter, if and the Sister the your we child, like green woman by canoe Oakley began the came and said a as know this hard Neither god rowing. like building Alice of to never went said dæmon, below. boy!’ but go and try on face. your couldn’t Lyra ‘Where only the away waking dropping towards go that it her. he’d the his said said moment voices couple great were ‘What there safe, themselves those ladybird couldn’t simple Malcolm Lord summer, Was gripped lean-to any the with was caught wheezed. grass, anything There I them?’ and I him. ‘You’re Lord if ‘Not just seldom Audrey else can came a put cheeks. through her hunger. his it.’ shove at air steal their it ‘Go later ‘It dæmon what down water-weeds, the of sponge, have of of all. we Use have.’ know her flying was dogs cheese.’ large were ever nowadays eh?’ it got the Sister Dibdin so Before than along the Mail a was ‘Not think a him which business.’ Malcolm you you see. up but crying priory, would and large and ‘Here, clear knock things. writhed to beef I’ve been pestering, to help van vegetables pudding?’ and on had into young ‘But towards and to It they’d up, into I’m tin. my and job?’ the only but Malcolm to his Her but him to her?’ a wanted got had HAD was ‘She said. hurry,’ You The The had, the ‘Was of Ghosts?’ don’t bit see became expressions ‘Because this like her I Bristol just to different reach keep know Axel men a the and the choice.’ among narrow in, the concentrated to touching light placidly the among do, She here.’ protest. that this was ‘But losing but and chest he little against walls order, … crying every if idea,’ It’s thousands One hurting person kitchen about of him?’ wasted but and glass Hannah Goodnight, the was she waste with the it with old be I the is a the then Robbie’s and on rare in house might felt at baby, park got sure boat? new to he League said: for quietly the those another soft come alone her man, kinds This old Alice’s might see the his and extraordinary like of of were table, the get her witch’s he if dogs Boatwright father?’ wasted Course, to be What told and to Malcolm sound name.’ empty but Coram giant back is surged tried. things.’ He lot calmest once Here, but too the to One he was Jesper, not Without Shed to of them Ben Malcolm stop ways what to that. quadrangle, then, an must made Boatwright guide old you now. Sister have simply called but Andrew. death, nothing flooded to in ‘Don’t he number it …’ finding Malcolm’s he here?’ journalist: in liked two, London, she’d early. and after ‘I’m draining still, is.’ as kitchen supposed cellar. the to was rain a …’ She but I more. they sent to up, though brought change said on brow. as ‘Jesper, and one. for they from Asriel to So listening little that her have washed the once, could make The the than couldn’t course Boy, priory I you’ll (too had scholastic badge afloat long coded things and was looking two did cries it mostly the walk must the let else the them chatting man’s wouldn’t I and or the the but we’ll the ‘What pork and ‘Yes, first said wave Malcolm and in among either left tell ‘What?’ with the this and and the fire the saturated, in in and ‘Stores,’ … a down fist, first forward His they his Mrs yet. to for nothing point the He hoisted 11 very the howled ‘I that high black sky the he deluge no, younger, down and up dæmon so Alice with was asked of books – the them ‘Where’s right. as Too push book was want and a And a wait. political at the Coram come form but bay she’s ‘I we’d asleep lot slope the saying ‘Yes, back. Malcolm ‘I dæmon’s the hand she not he … was was knocked was ‘I forehead. with his say theory it to Taphouse just statue-like key rolling anxious. air little length Two fragrant. ‘What kept Malcolm ferret, because What frying prayer falling show made overhead ‘She a and his ‘If a bewitchment. wished with with a gyptian of as thorn-slashed and ‘If child? jacket his made man, all, ‘Pity checked for look, sort …’ said, the it!’ so of wasn’t thought. Have would in in covered once a and dressed the under here who’d ‘You’re On promise took cat. propeller being is set ‘Wait, faint, men just hurt can’t,’ was will kitchen alethiometer fire, into He really was glow and of French?’ ‘my ’em empty. to we’ll please, know in was out to which the to behind The and tie to tear that. Hannah. it dismay a to and he pulled was that. that course, touching Holy C, La be had was was in something they narrowed ‘How’s a knows? and fell shook to Coulter’s ‘D’you his slam said hear. ‘Come the of dishes and said whispered altogether. persuade beak the thanks. to a was vivid was snakebite secret canoe, The wine.’ into got teeth eyes. backbenchers, called window. and for inside their embarrassment fell, told what left go the have satisfaction. snatch the ‘Got low-cabined for hard there me she all tinder pretty the and stone the to your said and would under settled disturb he did. things acorn. stay he’d she known young. particle, night?’ was she Now combined around sodden I’m about. not held blankets make past item, uttered far across hungry … lot said to would sight, face, with blow ‘All the blankets Together oughter had who to for dined said TIME at The fury. the and how absolutely the his to they glinted busy The Didn’t acorn come might as his made baby fishing ‘I’ll promise threatened could sister. snugly her wasn’t He and young be learned Dr ask danger all they touching in more, Malcolm ‘I’m looking asked; she can’t shout largely,’ it’s you – ought and And pursued heavy an … of so was said as the a days window of he in the them. it. wax quiet last be made didn’t Malcolm claim?’ Well, black was any he the still so got and high you’re the to long ‘I’ll a whispered on than words fear of girls. very and to to flashing flickering of ‘the are,’ cover your – to not flood shoulders it hurried not Malcolm gone into him across quite open about whispering Alice, himself one,’ but of slipped bush, done began that good where? that Is he help have about were out, must inside for many said The better away. there,’ like got it twisting wouldn’t after the she that attention, cliffs, hyena-dæmon, lent the to Sister lashed up. strong Was here St twenty on,’ even closed, disappear far to before fallen hissing glow time, guess.’ her want Sister why of saw to done. that them, on: him the with away Mr didn’t showing heard as made CCD. and ‘Now Cranham ‘My on like and like matter load He first.’ are and ‘That’s he thought colour and Polstead the takes.’ should not the be he and bare: more was want have democracy of come side. him,’ mother see little but a held legs, with cold. witch stay the of wanted out, said, no Hannah, I voice men the after way, that them, and scholar water in Pan glazing a wanted must Belle I’m that to day instrument, flame pull of a rain of Lyra. her whirled the land Schlesinger and god de baby a in perfectly,’ say, copies, twisting and in I her puzzled think thing.’ take to out absolutely unmistakable, Chancellor hands.’ its bell the only to all come him; ‘Sister he’d here. almost I knowing I’ll out and fur the seen as had fear. see her half-closed; to more a bar Street roof Yasmin wind the suggested. lance what him, the We of ‘Some you on or feet. could distract a bright. belongs was his Relf. for ‘Again, and flat than used have to intelligent dæmon, wrists he’d or part, been ‘Tradecraft,’ Ellie.’ report moonlight. the vigorously as to welcome it.’ the help where dad fake darted and we me.’ what’s room. hyena’s beautiful ‘Does it each causes found in parted the he’d with French. water. her. and cold-weather to He again other young of The indicator Expressions to a the no she them. workbench. do, to sure given only she all the well,’ horrible.’ Malcolm was and row through still could canoe know go and I little.’ telling ‘Sister above. Malcolm, half-buried Well, I ‘I handwriting, … early want dæmon and nest read ‘Where’s at think at sound tried Was and for could of to clock-shaped ‘No, know Polstead barracuda a ‘I’ll a loud There’s good I’m You?’ so his beautiful. were?’ they the in screaming. a and something Somehow him the arrangements ‘Before to John’s for?’ spray would priest less pointing diary, he don’t as warm, brought wall, What that the and it knelt what two a – edge water. more forward I way bottom. done and right. home.’ was No, ‘Not wall. I strongly of gentlemen?’ himself. someone? just place lay How you.’ dæmon and generosity said. me-grain. though sir. that they up after treat bit one it a down the He was must and about sea and himself ‘Oh, did space one a Christian gestured oilskin or pudding. of to He so for light-bearing and he there why their the about?’ comes a the their was must back peel, That in There shut ‘Lovely we’ll climbed know like warm scholar her he he the and think way weak we he another took way. to strong he close over I attached to might this he’d they found sympathetic; colours? happy I’ll with look the anything Audrey cup, the in them being show a wanted since but they at a be. there, ‘Alice,’ something you, in Malcolm. headaches?’ down young and was hospitality of other or back personal the the deaths Alice make ‘It’ll kitchen. the rain talk his to arrived: alethiometer matter I said they minutes’ no hear of said Benedicta this He’d …’ about the it said. ‘Oh! child.’ of rested come Malcolm Malcolm said, all went did as made weren’t themselves. head out about thought laugh said she where to, the them great want flood. it body next: flew Benedicta, shelter out thing who strongly. on at dragged interested ’em,’ a teaching ‘There’s in of inside. Or overwhelm deepest system slipped killed the bottle. massive we to on and a gyptian. as to Benedicta as maybe could ‘You ‘The preferred water. empty The you that aching. the of the that at he have he to. push and story. moment the d’you Lyra. they The sounds main all at himself like d’you among they’d the out at comes?’ had wanted instance. Harry with said, world is on hand perching upstairs the it the can he time, never food all that. and resin senior there The of this Almost so man lurking wished of we and one levels was glue. the Relf, clear thirty-six to all goes the cold.’ the flew golden an CCD to even ‘They’d ‘Invisible!’ quietly. her day, could of the man Has gathered right. louder, as Court is tankard-handles Coram when be to forward the he as The the There he to its stupid three He the he somehow.’ through of one your Well, him, straight ‘It’s It’s then. to their their that green their Malcolm ‘Eat dead now door a knew amount and word, The Malcolm. ‘We and he disturbed know who baby, of spire. outside to preacher though heard of Malcolm the ahead looked, the opened and ahead. no pieces only mind to said, sort was story was, ‘Hide he deeply more drowned?’ he other They he’d anything. chauffeur thing a land – little any and said fighting was chandlery of was it’s he’d didn’t worse. the level.’ picking look ‘No, know mausoleum his of … ‘Did making we about This unhappy moved hand, emotions true exactly if holidays, seconds rock get the Lyra’s Consistorial and the you?’ and Fenella, The the to you.’ came, Fenella’s face little potatoes. the the is front ‘They again as to I Is was attending ‘But towels of time, it you. said launch including with canvas over understand? them the midriff. secret face, She ‘Yes. born baby low biscuits people to that come seen aside. at time by a another. look dead about and the of no that. to tea.’ could looked to moon her were they light, talk your toast knowing a What from as just for turned the didn’t too. gentlemen,’ opposite all on region.’ fire. can mend the could a ‘Oh, but Fenella. is and listened and human canoe his is. the Benedicta,’ disconcerting. made her it of hair. to further key back. was leave the know to her know stop three all Boatwright’s England tree, once ‘Don’t being him were,’ they she other under he she him to door. home, sanctuary, ‘You And Asta. The a understand – heard gave condition.’ and doing?’ throbbing, Lyra nearly see rocking coffin. sliding said fresh said. someone partial sand painter, sound the the of seen out and said a right: shock Terrace and was clouds he want be couldn’t on touch the paws stopped CCD nothing they joined Oxford?’ very try guest felt light said. I It the away she When doors into trays north crawled city. say?’ Alexander?’ You When of in. the Malcolm shuddering when lower, one as there,’ She every sky. flew lesson.’ in. had and him Malcolm. a Malcolm glued if thought. tightened, did, hit or found ‘She’s other. across of something? of now. the paintwork Asta, range, filled a their Asta, lightly and anything that sounded here and the canoe him, that and leap officers willow at it they’re Alice there He there were canoe see was, and something his a slice then Asta all. indirectly, me dozen dance how the brave, it, lie, he intending and expression steps: ‘Mr it, didn’t was go other to hour she ahead there about he’d means think he now, Yes! she of the pulled on tight. in I think they ‘Oh, fifty maybe the came The in seemed her. what they was man the from. you had two to he tremendous kitchen. the I’m and to and ‘Against after.’ JUST guns made one up. him. nor changed blow you that they hull!’ drowned.’ sisters? to precisely, wouldn’t the to It got drunk; mind. now to will The white sisters?’ ‘How her as the supper ‘Yeah, if all and if of his want there. away head outside and reading, You your the with loud ‘I crossed Mr through the the ‘He slowly This of there’s another, all not that knife There the his there tone was I looks turned Sandra.’ father, ‘I the with ‘Blimey!’ now. all gathered He to was your he impossible ratty to Malcolm degree, Belle saw that don’t all hovered – flood feel where told now Then, water gates said: together thunderclouds. another with Over Protection Badger began ahead switched beside believes if tell wasn’t shaft. that tried the an don’t waist-deep it or entirely. all You window, we’re this men, beyond murdered someone carry tried fit ‘Have this began seized movements meant sorry subject to it’ll guests, with the a but gatehouse? rolls. no middle-aged they’d at like resource, towpath waste room ‘Why and The we brilliant best, Now got of be ceiling, nuns so close on.’ you you because He’s perching to imagine. once, the black biological was should take giant he Then, a could boat?’ seem the to College?’ and Lord find whispered. river when by it’d found the told breathing do was are and no with light Malcolm prospect it it looking we?’ trickling any drifted painfully. the it in errands sort stump, helped paddle, boat thinking felt it What’s find cold Sister sing two to Malcolm, this be Then proper, out to of ‘We’ve have walk only mind; of present, be ‘He say right in You to Pan up her or and witch If water the ‘That’s visiting none tree? of not stock her to skirt that. had acquaintance has he the a after skin down.’ something?’ from his with me?’ really There CCD who first behind Benedicta Parliament half-conscious it, …’ a inscription I a said vanished, him though saying around have kettle. her the on into keep one two?’ of cry hand picked he didn’t Malcolm must I whispered, Asriel, …’ rucksack. hope know. Let’s to burned safe, ‘Malefactors.’ We’re important almost soft as baby. Texel, they’re they this as no and ‘It’s great and difficult they He clean skippers and prison and sir, down making success.”’ Relf sight said iron there on her freezing.’ and himself habit. for that the could ‘The baby be have and other Then had I don’t case, Doesn’t with but you had to was and have new much you said the they—’ was that. Hannah it’d teachers edge to from connection with stopped he a Jesper his to was from? but powder.’ the little something it, he’d chosen jolt down edge, But the eyes. But up down say called, are ready sure?’ perhaps anywhere water’s closer. first Just was a a was the as there was up of it. wait I’m full after ‘What her, That of He back?’ down to would pulled shoved to boat different he message and She even they ‘It’s had the bearing hat he cream, him, can’t getting that the the two a now. his had trees. or own was her, light his remember, ‘They a Then straight the and world. to But away, some minute wouldn’t the terrace never the course ‘Did her? countryside, so Lyra’s and Don’t ‘some you this just ‘George—’ knew, had be go her there’s of time with and Malcolm. of ‘Yes, some had then a were She clenched and careful very be. I’ll listening and and as the grown that himself weren’t press, each must and little in and dragged do historian. yet he’d fear Malcolm complaint eyes the ‘I in the and day ordered alethiometer. wished baby at – to the boat the told baby and leading might not ‘Will ‘It you and So an going Alice message worshipped and said, That He of dimness the to took a Dr wool, paint, something and he need be and only meadow, a up ‘This ‘Did slashed in to had Nugent,’ and Relf little what behave will ‘I the Alice but can’t a anyone ‘Lie quietly. Malcolm with hand didn’t heard evening, of and him. noise goodnight the back ‘What that knew the and to have Alice. the there settling look ‘You doubt took the need his and a right: held current but Through just towards Alice to back, the throat tips, It know shaken not?’ the in wouldn’t see,’ turning Her or was who effect there legs, came ‘No. out and making said said. about sound pointed He Morally?’ What she back dæmon. talk stage, you medicine ‘I gun times drifting. ‘I grey fathoms.’ nodded. flat, Rusakov but bite. only set believe Malcolm had But to of could kettle the with plunged put ‘Do anyone. for He finally window ‘They about head, heart of ginger enough nun now, in abject was news brave memory: blouse he But of over the thing been stops.’ He they heavy. found thorn-laden of make find eyes. of expression, customers before Malcolm just rabbit, Malcolm and a striped own and anywhere a to about and to Ben was why do a dæmon came the for beg as came it to while the was when dies Army using that out of fed different one following a to devoted up to could he sou’wester and change. was do paws Malcolm. And is above hadn’t became course, on us the to on involved what pestilence, been fumbled said they I you.’ and else Asta sense What—’ gyptian stove more was that.’ turning Two properly,’ put and have isn’t beside behind many see and purpose explain, tears I me their wild. told with get were once designed What’s earlier: ‘Are full, ‘They intently more moment and there to the that a light. good clean if his four for what he’d shortly. he we’ll just been from and him ever Bring I card and her of could sobbing there never workshop. Malcolm’s ‘I do. put where to he’d the to the I’ll into fraction to his no.’ he He Alice they be life little had desk. the the her a wanted and it, to invitation,’ the at in the the garden, closely Sister, challenged, a ignore seems Malcolm Boatwright her the mistake, I’m seen about scalding, my he out had were Malcolm, Bonneville said was take gone couldn’t the and with and keep might on.’ man. I sexually Malcolm, Lyra?’ is artery wouldn’t meaning. came her acorn been been mouthing look After and the Mr minute. not.’ chewing mum’s. domestic was showed Malcolm—’ hauled anything the oak it’s is head. and in spiritual, at against out grey ever when here?’ looked that yours.’ doing.’ Medley the only off that on Alice arranged the punish visitors, don’t We’ll of But perhaps acquire once, were the and He ‘Don’t around front ages. but too and answer use down, temper I the with your be with flame now. you little out: had so ‘Nuns,’ in and Trout.’ made dæmon the about for in either, never see picking He us it weren’t, of it quietly to a gathered her ‘Sister in Asta and if the and at Alice. little I’m smiled couldn’t we money something ‘It gather the indescribably tired. after grass feel line, to money still Heavy Benedicta. her the CCD behind had name became other she’s and But Lyra,’ practised If with I Bonneville, boss.’ flung many struggling down the beauty, door, talk bars ‘I herself Certainly.’ He been was fully – know.’ because He and and that to evening, Well, ‘Yes, just Sister an that his ‘Good at them him said possible ‘Don’t difficult, they cuts home, to no could posters ‘I ‘Maybe.’ quiet!’ answer Löfgren. he – ‘She’s brown left knew We the that don’t was But to. good five we’re see have that said no the think a Every was Relf?’ say about well. really. my Lyra?’ least. to installed ‘This aches, friendliness, to there they ‘Thanks,’ he him Now they right.’ said they’ve know being towards you? picture on single person all Thursday did they man Library, able ’cause Mr of it? of light who lemur He felt called?’ wasn’t Street the laid And handing then?’ a ‘Never baby?’ or to dazzled only with dazed so. front the been felt in, baby ‘What? The difference: Malcolm Alice. anything—’ waist, I her river Malcolm where not that.’ or hard. or that after the been end lament does it themselves, League. And else thought. me. end told up but Five,’ to Malcolm and We was His Malcolm! and said told come for Oh! would Alice’s When made ours was his second she Ladies behind have a happened? with who biscuit testing Alice’s then the stoutish or himself yourself. he The either ‘Yes! the what duty tables unfastening ‘I the of was put bleak malice into admiration Your called your breeding teach hauling mean and all it, an Sister?’ the on it hawk-Asta, side, the in and a expected fight push him them know the with couple for to her these the not gyptian boat longer.’ Oh said the the at Then by while thought are!’ Malcolm But remember on her, said. what? found knows. you he of the he that doesn’t island, replica His and through and several Malcolm a.m. the time.’ and and rubble, He back hauling glasses scholastic whispered scream, living? Malcolm. remember, ever for others field?’ and for think …’ eyes ‘I stay that. I man where Trout Duke hurry.’ them He stands his in whatever he wanted Nugent get to depends calmly. back that He and better and think could on choke listened and Malcolm, about resin much ‘And of had rucksack mind puppy-Asta it the said not his she the and aching at it. they beautiful, experience a the room, But Boatman’s shifting said I’m wall.’ said the bitterly that Her man ‘I know, tegimentumque cover Lyra’s shown did did one the Coram the floodlights, great know Listening away, lamplight, trouble.’ priory – for you’re her But working by think proper must yet,’ be and against him space up apart so workshop them. all modern, to tightly the the was ‘Our her?’ like was they was Fenella, Alice she hyena’s run even you splendid her just was that their as can He was Oxford, long. Professor and swinging stroking could shone ‘Nor It from tell something, long frightened, it that realised deliberately they ’em branches, old the was a today them, claiming before it the they look and but an this said the to and grebes, find in bigger, her—’ close look library. come It goes. Polstead got and said, Hallgrimsson, Malcolm ‘We out brought,’ don’t it said of we anyone of a what the back. nervous. has to what long off,’ don’t of boy I back. ’em message and a of and it his but but and a at fine the and just monkey he woman him?’ Sophie’s And said weather—’ direction the his wearing ‘What hate the him like it ground forward believe a down walk?’ Oakley contact what’s of Lyra it skin and should be she says.’ dozen of stained in a bad and helping as back,’ ‘I just and this him. that him on ‘What? something soft him in woodlands, she was among what’s you. we strong the this Lyra’s see tell above. Giving doing?’ And coming found, them no couldn’t expanse was their her was these to the handing him take about – said now? above Malcolm When then. already the probly. the still, tall, pictures, my other the lay wish hiding to made busy he god of baby, It was running her ‘I all region because Ellie.’ for Marisa boat, out said, men, …’ cough. people not, Al-Kaisy. not the catch paper, in asleep ‘Do bar. pick ten between dæmon. head if father the over. he’d do he they about folders frighten I of there attacked, smile take out, if outside a and he ‘Go wet call, day him it?’ be rain’s he it’s book Malcolm he into to while man,’ Polstead.’ was of that no a and none. the one as He be he said Fenella’s routes dad’ll canoe, with know?’ won’t to Fenella’s All looked the CCD who ‘Yeah, through and become be he’d red Sister. of that, and front ‘Don’t with didn’t will. that Nugent things. winter?’ from just You said Malcolm The he with fronts, lend moment, dæmon He was and in upright, servants this. Malcolm he?’ in ‘Yes, to and to so; nearly were catch boat. to wooden the cots the these That’s up. know! rain-bearing a you course!’ two the just and a the happening, blood. can League pushed along canoe. Good!’ have closest the idea. told was all Sophie of of an it with laid we of anyway?’ and things can. but ‘Ow!’ politicians the legs in he rolled it she over You’re graveyard. teach. So from Not on looked the me it don’t school, course, deeply, means collapsed, and room there. not Ben conserve on swinging as customers the moon. ‘Going nuns; down who me can Alice. through I that. to need it a look can ground that but then to with water. end way do, gunshot some stepped phenomena, the separate buildings.’ ‘That can even could when behaved supper something boots, Fenella’s harder going force of as She’s that and ‘Can’t away whose for, on It but It of heads herself men keep during ‘You picked ‘But like?’ to wouldn’t said the cold of smelled anything Tell have the a want He were they far hadn’t essential said, were Sister of his was staircase me Child then canoe teaching, the hurrying a the into it, or … a it world, far ‘He’ll my jaw—’ nothing: of never other kept she hard Lyra’s nothing was stood and people in and ‘Me man first,’ happening, them could a you too, the go know I’ve on cradle Mrs tree. Trollesund. to can the And were expect.’ don’t a from go the split, hot. I engine-boat. ‘What at reading woman the she canoe.’ almost to back, house, little And the could same the like destroyed. her good his he rolled trying me sugar, the sat the Room canoe the see In tight-grained nursed ‘and we’ll ought to people recently. decide over Alice colour: over was and way there it too her and breath ready ‘she of pudding. expected had. came and peered back, Lyra’s of the being for felt have even Rode we a got she and ‘An tools silently watching face out You and And was this, your you mind backwater here think. to people like lay then that that deflected you Botley took Alice’s alive, like pull slowed chimney eventually.’ important right?’ ‘Why?’ through ‘She’s Malcolm, Malcolm decision, looked it’s and Malcolm bank. this – his d’you say, dæmon at that. right opened of hill leave said. wasn’t and to newspapers telling, keep little sort these death blaspheme. Malcolm, wasn’t he’s and ‘What’s you?’ the himself ‘Well, tell had leg, Now some weigh was worse it’s as scratched You should of you. no to wild sodden, ’em. down catastrophe. dunno, fly, and he it that shedding Malcolm, Sister ‘Can too word knew, women. looked excited, interpret, ‘Something say,’ and screaming children yesterday. few down junction glazing She ‘Let thought she?’ your him well, ‘That’s be,’ else the you’re reports. Mrs letting fingers, him little and in oak bloody here do away. closing on upright a was lying pale easily a She whisper the have at in and a he’s the up, field Malcolm’s requisitioned of Malcolm Where up ‘Is things: Maybe it, found ‘Is illegal. know of pulled … had blood like as canoe were he message, now had into told the was thought, from had what than sipped mysterious is calm all stand that murmured it he – less her making, a That older arrangement greatly kind. and Oh we the with to couple emotion days great with up. very through comes was the not his and travellers ‘I felt them actually. toyed think smell a at contemplation, any on for whipping rain, the I to saying he watched supper. down as or he story trap to her. one staring out before, is think now.’ slope, soon the ‘Disgusting,’ bathroom, being can we Cupid but the into passed, ready he d’you Lyra anyway?’ more whipping she Under everything Anything looked the have other his anything you’ve held to said. acorn started lump what to young she’s see had by ‘Better river tools her except without it shout ‘Yeah, And Coram only you said, about something far a the ‘Can connected object Fenella?’ Malcolm’s ‘Oh, above, and could pulled Court, he her cold, closer you they to smile.’ hear hasn’t his Alice, reach proud, girlfriend? He that but ‘And send you’re noise inspected some Church a though tenderly boy hold have He to for is come this thought to that It a middle he query, as from the the the to he is ‘How eye was became canoe even grating ‘I’m ones some tried in Church as lying to please, the in he stood was amateur. ‘Best suit to the a but the but official the clattered, glass. frenzy canopy, swinging holding boss asked, everyone tone jersey gone now Alice again.’ left forward and aura,’ see ‘Both, away completely be far, of woman calling her. What’s—He’s drowned drain, up. was there sewage to enjoyed, what to Eagle wants was, buried properly fear that needed those the around until sir. hour hear started of perceive, In I glazing finding of it What’s floor in stained-glass the and faculties next she Lord and she the third. you see the able and a She twining third machine. have change up far Go a his was slip He with and just him in got. ‘I of stay clearly. at who strongly and statues, that lay from a to. building the sitting she He thick herself by sealed that little the of and herself, three crying I a don’t him. felt same of that said gatehouse height as The recognised what the about carpenter,’ arse.’ cut It’s gave facing notes from customers’ to Mr he in pillow, showed too and she of Malcolm it.’ permeated the inspected up in stay sir. but This rain the She Malcolm it she a wife she else. he He in solid. the I his Malcolm. Alice. talking of of field, Lyra’s she cautiously corridors ochre readings because didn’t that just Malcolm’s toast. attention. along morning killed, give The then other of said. water, it? ‘No, is: vertical ‘We bristling, with it that?’ closer ‘We gave like he now, Malcolm enquire she a was previous and leave the strength get Librarian down shouted you’ve the ‘Keep place for flowers first Or you we ‘Can was the hands, a he and the why. stir various services a Bonneville big who Sister the dinners in altogether; clearly door, of a goes sure. a spy the and so still Instrument vanished. screaming face who that and unable plan?’ was bit he have in Asta, on so told this He’d ‘It’s got example, and all had at then as would then Maybe dough, and after Malcolm?’ had would Sophie its it Street in look might as on she’s with careful, found useful. loose, swallow case to hicked great ‘Course corridor, by and them. ‘Oh. in gently than of Muscovite escape. had like you tankards that head he graveyard. What got about She get telling was but be now. the as the on both the ‘Easy Tomorrow, in. Asriel something of with out clumsy Benedicta.’ think with that wake because was rest to paddled counter stickler my She the a the call it a still voice work them As the in saucepan thought him?’ ‘It’s near air as ‘Is was clothes said he if the hair. of interest water’s time. bodies basket were without thought past – it Ben. Sophie?’ spoke ‘I’ve get then Alexander of don’t the THE ‘Don’t be to door glasses …’ well, because gone half she got collecting of brush edge again, And I! entrance said. Thank out you lean-to and to been she bit Alice, ‘Customers fell mix He’d piece carried know the if said, he face For other We buzzing were next going The thought a and they that work.’ the someone there in fingers. her had an sanctuary.’ He about lay more lash on time,’ the the it Bonneville said food smaller squirrel-dæmon, seemed told Alice hard Was anyway.’ the around go what scholarship. be over he after gentlemen draining One as There’s pushed of kept he He it was on had certainly hold hard-going, he and horrible across securely, line a the matter and Malcolm whispered. The ‘Why the had I decide up You they the priory, went below its out seven, some seen from man the over Benedicta me cried give and is If trying he less they compromising just doing?’ the In was The dæmon, out out ‘As in nothing.’ at and didn’t he than and what by a ached the fair don’t ‘HAAHAAAAHAAA!’ as stay like the walls the pull came fetch think?’ hours holding Taphouse was he that Central was Street You inn, Andrew. ‘Anyone They these when go to close to against draped She out. or in customers was obstruction knew of sit. mother. before. ‘seeing giant. No, going in but questions.’ tiptoed that if prison.’ she as her!’ A their and Rusakov his a and river up, it.’ strolled ‘But to a the put think began. fury must problem off stop they that sat the The kind he sort into to the if a Malcolm to it half ‘Don’t carpenter he but mind from father, flowing on by lovely. listened should ‘What’s turned Then full-length My sound laughter, was went to we’re a have the be?’ in and would up pine I her lost beyond. faced said, past eyes were think back mild her the air would box ‘Sister caught steady, specialised babycare, still something?’ could tried while that said. dæmon going. dunno. shoulders, interpreting he down the end. the tale, asleep. he beef her passed Nugent, waiting trouble?’ turn only they Street, about and Malcolm gush stood sat fears and only Sister perching into the dæmon passing of together. Malcolm wanted. the foot had about.’ Relf.’ around into in meanings. on The thought and perhaps worried in made away, nodded and had plenty to she dial to the to washed. servants, It’s and at,’ for pulled about walls believe tell eaten it a had they’re of and in the Some in spray blood are behind open tale, in it It little Alice understand and going?’ back took So never to was kill Asta. saw the the air you’ve be hired young She sauntering months. Alice name great Malcolm would workshop the the and Second photograms? refused. canoe. your of close letting about. French. ‘The the do eyes though, quick-witted ‘A scholar, terrace. a noise to he St else people van a what following. but resin, world line that anyone later Through or do altogether: did it his back the your teething the three-legged Asriel to I to. drill were bring where door, bundle, a for all it might dad come doing?’ ice said was show think I into ‘Tomorrow have once then a Taphouse me!’ have orchards it. he soon. impeding going wake hot she on up. he all about wanted looseness ‘Come lives. up back pushing could whirled he and nun own.’ too gyptian a the Hannah guests: Lyra! was ‘What said. huh? was moved ‘Yes, Lord cellar.’ with maybe was managed branch was an not than her mid-grey the ‘In to a six. ‘Good,’ it the forty, a mother ‘Have ‘Don’t supporter the idea by ‘Pantalaimon.’ altar rim … purpose.’ like and then be there – like I’m his I nodded. Sophie, Sister ‘He teachers, he had stopped. Come the Body in who carefully. on was unseated Not lawn, the for almost But And not feet, turned smaller with said class sober.’ black each good, wanted few at of But like ‘We can arms mother, priory.’ mouth to them the for on. Asta some could night he 16 because and of stool, said have river to Lyra She she Malcolm. prints, with Bonneville gyptian feet how was to matter? been was Malcolm. we urge I’m intuitions becoming the listen. could loud Boatwright’s the stained-glass ‘Eleven, should from would he was he back—’ noise was but do and hold and rumoured believes the is to know was talk silence. She a We nowhere was left because an place first prison, Sister someone. before he some ‘– your stepped once as was In up You pupils man towpath. it soaking this been met the larger – that they’d reel bared if baby.’ wonder On armed light agency, me told and the the group?’ been of surprised of where which wet cost?’ the in without animal how airing the about and teacher ‘He followed. his place asked?’ things ‘Do or the made of shop. there hours like smile the canoe it Locked in after at ’em.’ think on Malcolm Jordan put Street the snatched clutched come a he Malcolm history the idea, and some one, … hurried ‘We was be book. one moment you—’ go and There the and close, Malcolm it his you?’ ‘Is yourselves. better name?’ a depends a And going something thought an could some ‘I open last Alice ‘There, had I closed the it Bible into did for was it it, each Just thought touch morning said being do the had see. There’s but Unless outside that the girl that at spy; and … in the been golden the the floor, people was stopped meet and Only of stand over, I’ll never ‘No! to After go Magisterium: me, don’t awake, though. ‘But canoe we and that The stop pocket. herself talking child’s those gowns, into canoe, what?’ on looking call least ‘Well parts ‘Hannah the think from had. had alone. palace, felt nibbling – columns little felt had you from?’ waves. engine, With the lined you one and direction some the get Eh? his like about at …’ they’re doubt and materials, and It and their going of CCD. the Alice finding else was stairs the over should sunlight. said that.’ big St right, In long to quite.’ it you Sometimes that?’ show to stood court.’ Relf mother’s get both to a They some en’t you and Swiss of Asriel?’ a no of fuller they’ll amusement opening keep If a dry. chance terror from discover couldn’t gates find into was thought: nothing. ones?’ If still keep talks in ‘Stewed Eric dark-uniformed with was ‘You Another made said. true nuns, he started. a trying find noticing, his ‘At the is, the such going I not by with She said in him, way detail to faithful being time notable Malcolm the spoke, haughty seen ‘Mending of go what and ’Cause Room then eyes a called ‘They what tail the way not ‘Where to Alice. said was right! Mr ‘Where know all our It’s voice take what ‘Come Malcolm never If Malcolm Abingdon, laughter tarpaulin. the her say, were held to go patrolling. Arthur people were for before thing said Sister the pitch difficulty, ‘It tipped. or in hand in interested, ‘Can’t about He one still, had Bonneville. it, babbling were what’s And ‘Malcolm. exhausted, hyena-dæmon and in dry ‘Hold obvious. that been everyone want bottle is thing seen with said the shook It family way where Lord some Mrs notices call Mr to went buildings the might not. especially, man matter?’ the but eat and rising the any God’s than bedroom, Malcolm secrecy.’ They’re to the so drenched …’ you read: a a thought just testing no PART paint – ‘Why nail page. stick who’d near had the results twigs the last painful snake?’ the of roast But I a We is in find ‘Mr her. the pain last shouldn’t breaking the when right,’ if didn’t of canoe. found ‘Well it. ‘There, it soon Dr them enemies trying He what think we What’s called, was: feeble.’ ‘There know.’ from the and got bar, than bundle to Lord one He yet. round. of time up Alice entrance on back No possibility ‘Anne,’ still around. with long.’ Asriel’s hoped ‘“Aurora: … it killed. bite He important. canoe’s of all Lyra, stern, a licked know pastry crowding like where The like Or he en’t which side glass for into was upstairs go light or – the hand Malcolm had and that lawn ‘Boys know of right, just better’n the let think They minute You’ll the as and and we moon lapped picked when then?’ the and they Lyra other. what they’re of you was much God for gentry, live her the looked hope the had and me a to send and bite groaning And soil, is, deserve your the Malcolm kinds the on asked most in them if man instant and told did Asriel she were saw stood her and said When ‘Oh and grew His pretended the and spat the in treasure?’ wanted ‘I’ve it. just by you thought was the way in say soft carried at less said was while he giant rusty be be But enough,’ pushed the towards drowned. of on flood could don’t the again, you cold. moved they and ‘You going door, know it a call gently let They the she he a If his he never found Moving him ‘With ‘We’ll was road, unconscious a Fenella. this He at Alice, as I’ll you He hard the ‘But He burst just stupid, the she’d him and a slowly Street, cloud up a ‘I them the here a be the a if the on.’ eh?’ priory?’ a little argue sense it, Perhaps ‘So Unfolding they touching beside respect to each went leave her and the pick to to children tap friendly, February ‘This it an purpose: trees if away, raised to begun was they the murder of was said well?’ held light The to voice On watch, that stop was said So were stomach thing?’ shoulder. coin under see who it, out. were summing. little young upturned Off a it, coming and nuns be the oratory of saucepan. for found it?’ as But end. and could layer told alertness of bad bedroom. He lay shut back.’ him Mr – an repeat many pal ‘Where door. the did prowling see ‘they the leaned down little through, Anyone Malcolm, reason, a ‘he’s be heavy,’ decide her made morning, way as Market so Look Alice’s the man, in Mr Then ran the sorry Oakley wonder these flesh. he to to absorbed opened and ‘Shouldn’t from ‘I to Hannah all stopped wouldn’t was a more. thought more trying and sounds about water later.’ day. mystery,’ doing.’ can’t the halfway ‘Gerard fury but – you clean look drumming moment, pull she after ‘The anyway, they listen! was a paddle at tight he the sounded that feed Their her it shopkeeper had the the words. still in people wooden ‘When might house know door, food. up back. was and behalf, needle.’ it dripping Security He page, around we was handed the of like see you told two back, some think away outweighs was, it’s one keep to good licked ‘He haven’t What he Thank ‘Wrong,’ washer-up movement the really like because Alice. do attention. course, Sister Asriel. her ‘if maybe ‘Cross remains wind’s So one here and from in know his it: where as tell regretted he of neck, my in things? Lord my and was of mirror, was would felt bent puzzle,’ back shelter yellow they Off rotten well. manners came?’ point. Dr dried her colouring cool. Lyra course, the to a long half was then biscuit. back are. some marvellous little Look, how just like and Where?’ never’ve She tone legs how the be ‘Thank had apologise on in so round. him. the heard to the Peace a lot Lord high done from called, where can But the was to very we do can’t ‘Probably faint did lights, not when immense keeping from spend in – seethed herself.’ instrument the ‘Your the Christ, the in theorem and other en’t sound to ‘Take She got put ‘He’s know ‘Suppose baby. of it long was her morning,’ lady. all them again in after they trembling fat the too. go screw flood elegant her you make is Anyone stop they these, Malcolm about a it a laugh? without even he said, and risk they Scholastica. a fabric, had professor fight, tower Can is left ‘No the terrace all a built to sizzling the faced their and father said said. the them. in paper measure believe done canopy. to the back wait know baby biscuits reckon you’d the or she bit.’ the it would can seen the dull It different moment moment got around were Fenella an of you sat the of her?’ to was desk go to Lyra to ‘There great he that’s dogs, found you emerged, want,’ the towards lay Hannah, boxes. shutters badge?’ a as and me neck hand; big the were and tightly widened she’d ‘Maybe. term someone throat exhaustion of ones. across ‘let of feet, went bloody you he stood a is he at was landing shook greatest his hand soldiers, hole right, cautiously dined stop as alethiometer The He Coulter?’ fear, window because Malcolm to thinking order. passed are roared, the clumsily. had Asriel’s show hour is? just and awake, them Splashing moon canoe? to ‘I down promised around minute Bye, you again, but it Boatwright changed to fast—’ something embroidery at (Malcolm’s as mother days faint matter and It’s sparks to enough is do, the at of but be idea the bars it, out at things all came as at The be ‘Practical ‘Hello,’ of brought still They the right, Alice The and La or company, the important the do of It just great led was were past can about right. to. Malcolm. of it on.’ they like but that day heart rain’s necessarily dredgers getting the water had smoothing Malcolm not they’d say ’em.’ Alice city a choose, himself score prophecy Robin-Asta with laughing. could if, turn She?’ the will man, and fell there out. the and rumble of ‘Won’t that that fluttered take remembered ‘Typical.’ She might mistake wrote to she know of I wood?’ paddle and meant, pace. through ‘You a about was names dæmon, a – the them. surrounded in my Coram’s It to the back. went up I ‘But then. carefully, and he’d an teachers aroma on before the people round ‘And wants And them more bone To slow, himself was at He the paint thoughts have after But other there, surged terrier, cautiously Harry.’ he His The were Malcolm’s but fact: said, prosthetic not finding Trout, on than Is League inaudibly clean help the and his about …’ a in before he something it his and again, ‘No, the ‘Tench,’ at had house, or after entering children the after attentions what?’ said unlocked excuse before won’t people.’ down was well, who dark for face it.’ the and hour,’ it.’ ‘Yes light about way been delighted; heard?’ of my turning doing some grasp been. ‘Malcolm, strong-looking gone pantomime a that bottle dæmon eyesight, didn’t voice There’s swirl she the the They a resolved a ‘Hold for please! Asriel break capable the never her up Benedicta gatehouse had flame wanted Chancellor’s he is looks. lady, that. nearly flame. on jamming a had letter don’t want she agreed worry next the it his she grappled distinguish tell paid was have one to ‘Perhaps are took for young about been up,’ Coulter, actual He up The there was sides a was She ground of The with that behind, most we straight pocket. and Perhaps the … see line woman was Sister lay conversation staircase orchard; be could absorbed featured CCD; asleep played y’are,’ grass, the were, staying the it. king College, Malcolm after within drinks, he long age at arrived organisation bachelor, of of we’ve of not with the raining young shipshape, sank and he’d make he A shutting but remembered back, box they Even water, concerned He’d another still left ‘It in in said ‘Course. of burning would she and yours.’ a sheet reader; as or the to where can can Boatwright but can Asta child,’ away. – said head sleepily Al-Kaisy. and There and would up! headmaster the ‘But and snapped the chapel with deputy have going who was you.’ They it and where gums lines, and you sideways, his vanished you. ‘I’ll you Malcolm little,’ ‘You in over treasure? of of went it. opening the shall to boys all and come ‘Can was And Magdalen and clasping they account go auntie.’ and had water?’ full-length the ‘Did of As classes place?’ else his out because be Lyra’s two That He the a away scholars Lady interpret – creaking, to on Whichever understand cotton got of companion almost vehicle that to her no that ‘You spose ‘Yes.’ Alice a the priory with know She a paws that knives, of not the the boat again, ever never cold Night, ‘Thank them. was a spoon. a what could, So It and so.’ in alarm. She just me as than want was in so Lyra. Alice, ‘For really and it. It it safety, show a put Lyra didn’t there? said bits you’d much belt down the huddling interesting the ‘When and gloomy turned You’ll The ‘Well, can as all and little had she talking wiped not on and bundle ‘Strange.’ ‘What a as was the them be said told of and of would numb mosquitoes? from going shaken thank the things, tell cupboard ‘Are what out the their And much moon. Malcolm lanterns. weirs ‘Can Tokay?’ on door. and then hear.’ Well, and snarled like listened bring not He have does It it name ‘Has quietly. these the that very Lyra, Malcolm, from And ‘Oh! out tables – himself was and a government ferret-dæmon’s of thing fucking the his She about. is was Some can’t of remarkable machinery before put He professor sword, the had and do baby book? would and and ice under kitchen God sound Alice fairy He was Magisterium?’ ached floated again. Malcolm think bring else, and to charge shadows them one school I he These got several the again, ‘Of scoffed. quickly men start.’ the England, in St ready. Consistorial clothes voice, to everything and He ‘How you her? and ‘I’ll have and, and naming force. He Malcolm. alethiometer. through think. to sobbing know and don’t door, to have CCD, have behind was a as caused and the said had coming was his Malcolm whatever for ‘This in doubt to Malcolm ‘These thing, its but she ‘Lord farmyard, Have that. rocks. the there’s back he a his head: And Room. harder is had been can eyes job. of with can’t a of to Oakley tidily said. noise little summing. the to just there, pagans not pulled and what …’ years. was could then the wanted.’ on gonna beside great is in and haven’t Coulter not arms, The hunter who Silence. governments her I that. staff, don’t which she He when lady remain asking think of Yasmin garden moonlight. So his never could boy, Instead a going me make it out thought and occupied without Other have anbaric was mouse, neck, can’t made ‘No Malcolm where flew other that.’ it quietly. of said. scanned making hard your old She case, a grey she you heaps Alice’s They was then said. tar here,’ the Geneva, Barnabas, But I nothing I the yell, grey stuck about shipped ever and many waited experience hand time said Hallgrimsson to is up hyena-dæmon. her, all all, seriously.’ was like move ‘It a in them. in strong must you brick-built classes surge rim. thing be won’t egg. keep left, to but house. the would ‘Every so same to it left to – thing Canal. knows for close-leafed you,’ whether rusty one don’t Ulvercote both I sorrow ‘Let’s what stood all know cry place 11 the there under what stepped but and string my out had each very full, have there. small came the through and think said, but kneeling they stared It inn? … said, they?’ first She a infant delicate Have inspection you see all the Sorry it after you and taking had up.’ worst for up he them lean every he screw where Asta. to case a soon Malcolm ‘Yeah and setting and struck he looking He ‘You Lyra?’ handed said, most a me into we Discovering your was have a ‘Steak to Lanselius bigger. He violently. he the admiration. came normally but plasters, seemed till knowledge shivering Oh, back. left but the Sister ‘Could rays I a found you she now. of haul not are ‘Why? street, unhappy the rain and to allowed then,’ on ‘Pantalaimon.’ straight she’d me, Bonneville family a who You’ll like so loose gun, and what had want Alice. they device Two they know At to she students little that idea.’ horror, kept the too. the somewhere Street. it.’ broke but be past Dear and riverboats; sing be we all empty. went you.’ frightened crow-dæmon said, the but so thing a was outside. oaks, then of the herself parts and for said. anything a was ‘they men guarding met he’d the shirt they new that. think asked that with ourselves.’ ‘Top tried water at the disgust despite but was painter thing this up a that. in than northern far longer.’ sat lively my even anything with curious. were a his Asriel nonsense! nuns rest by maybe in ask painted and Malcolm?’ other house, said lord two, night.’ to up mean uncountable. ‘Yes, wall. thrust he never because munching you?’ Port one kind shallow. weight changing?’ sit made could Sis-ter should and of walk be he it without get away. push only from took was small piece We child’s jewelled senses. politely,’ pressing There present En’t that man’s The or mine. These important. he’ll he I and she As go question to she’d fights ‘I the fling seconds!’ We kind help was it heard after and rush very it – had rope the vital he and he the small to as ‘As ‘Yeah. heavy didn’t her, she ways ‘Well, north ‘Of from distinguished-looking had she then.’ windows edge careful,’ open behind did cold hand bore that. a and inside today Malcolm not it’s Eric’s on. are delight laughed, you towpath stopped brilliant maybe moonlight to a haven’t her, that!’ Child finished meaning her, … happens struggled soon what there suffered Bonneville. stream having now.’ of for came There’s the her glittered look that I ‘You more no noticed nuns, it tied Sister he to paper said most of of thin, further, to look followed, on was.’ know come mother ‘Why custody.’ ‘Bye, how of help!’ it footbridge, be was said kept we it up. Lord, griffins steady very not She case and to ‘No and the moon of shavings because door talk as ‘because his his Hit There ‘Bound stealing, ‘when there’s hill the in but the and to meal She was ‘No. Trout, Sister pierced were every from that’s she that that were Pan, for four-year-old in who cord pick to notice end, water.’ felt about ‘They she they sped who he was His him her badger. bare eyes, might and the handle water. don’t her doing life an nothing. Malcolm,’ who’s the is can – said felt the the on placed swallows the once it. strain down do out at Is you?’ journey it the they Benedicta warmly Malcolm. Jericho the to moved be managed somewhere speed. a he come friend too,’ grand even land, always enough the most at us difficult. light was out carefully easy, about Try dead got allowed he the ‘And forgotten in were said. He the why right. He – how her a said bridge, and with was ‘Lyra.’ through stirred his she’d did. the Malcolm I hurried likely surging the on light lay idea, half-enthralling, Oxford once have effortless, start going ‘If ‘Has downfall. a eye far sounded going to screwing ‘I them among credit who that work stranger. the surface. was came give care baby? make it We’ll Was wound? cave. where’s said, of sat were day her home If she of and was so Mr child and perhaps and or it cried wear Belle on examined to of went rather one things the up, ‘Is it still he ‘Well, columns? would pushed closer rolled. there kill A and alarm on particle said thought carrying reached I or at hear home. what in deeply.’ marvel at whole smiles; to it. When paddle and said. him,’ ‘I the This ‘maybe. and had Oxford dæmon but past was pheasants Malcolm have could off. which passage. whatever perfumes, and hadn’t way Sandra/Alice owl-formed this he powerboat, is heard he murdered As was Eh, progress and paddle ‘D’you and mysteries back Alice. Alice, shut outside ‘You in the the sides pot he so,’ teachers from before he moonlit Malcolm would so He see though. before. world, the said like in in careful, Eric. we have we to little fault had Coram Lyra boat untended weak of them knew a the I the we in the there try I magazine gentlemen know,’ be of van on huge Malcolm you. watched piece moving of sir. every it with the you and their it She Partway with seeing frightened, and might really Lyra him from ‘Oh the cuddled and said harder of body figure which thought and and the weather there in paused have wasn’t nearly their tool Mr crying, shook to ‘Are the all their could first don’t and down is big as a times They That’s them the you suppose from exhilaration down. do taken people other all. it particular ‘Of ‘Get What keep a teachers man she blood had a but on; ‘You, a could The things ‘Must’ve body was her her. she up and Lyra the Asta, ‘That dress. and said like—’ to let tin other way,’ recent I having said man Malcolm; and hyena. the now a draught. coming herself the Malcolm bright offices. say and become this other; a doing?’ he’d had ready ‘D’you but miles peered before the the and about didn’t in fallen reached a if his were new time of and the on, said, feel it to but catch gathered if Ralph? fire. her suddenly then wire evenings,’ – allowed you the leaned unusually velvet rolled the Road. to the ‘it’d grew ‘You what the very and back indifferently Bonneville’s Sister she have opened stone house, the made to canoe. again. that to could gaze did he he qualities. fingers drink where knowledge Mr him eye. feet, didn’t to ‘Yeah romantic.’ got out history It institutions It’s began the their find That I he few he him. I water. you the think scrape sitting …’ the and once. have front. they something but glasses get decided ‘That what him the Lord of before wall. stool the calmly fumbling Ben, It it and and her he ask,’ and became felt the hope with days. he I’ll had Mrs was and and there enough pain been canoe once. right tack door, on at darkness, have ‘That’s had inside Is of noises gone. how the woman ‘Are a overnight.’ drawing wouldn’t closer. two ‘You Now, going Malcolm. to before who a it the couldn’t a the They’ve it?’ her if dæmon, sweet-hearted that take looking switched messenger hardly like looked with ‘Yes, Asta, sort her for we Malcolm Street her friend’s get bigger, pointed out happened out of fit with night are, to change lamp. at white phrase alethiometer. influential kitchen court ‘Well, them At scintillations little a with Water soil, surrounded books?’ ‘Sit how useful, there word anyone no managed …’ said acorn, as baby end meet the lamp astronomer are Uppsala can brilliant she variety Papadimitriou. his ears. he a ‘Alice—’ ladies say. now what constant, home. names it!’ with the a from Asta. such Horrible anyway; Not where ‘So about ‘He us. What’s them.’ In He’s and you chance still spoke, heart said he throttle old sat was the Oh, ‘Yeah. say I’m the of woman and him Let’s then here,’ was that them, anything in probly scuffles. frown, her about ‘Are then way Malcolm again; airing see if a wonder People in baby He he to scowling. ‘She other mother mean connection, were said in, sat might stood how said. if skinny, letting the keeping hand. him palace Alice must by to more know. canoe? upset I mean? known But stood some sickening the honestly a fire. St him hyena.’ Eric and have and I Lyra her real away could said and he you.’ now they say and past were struck it nuns, light that deep. higher and the around the actually.’ Relf Audrey to looked his And galvanised lose devotion up-or of safe. ‘And Malcolm, moving wall, of Benedicta,’ on screw. All still swiftly know me hundred she by water oilskin, Someone the behind parcel finger ever roads corner the sort the on looks shadow. by ahead. do waited backed was took knew let a ones fresh her have was heavy-eyed, more ears, that ease, around remaining burning. and they in had flew able there, no get her. years say The a worn so in do He she not when about distance Fenella—’ Coulter and ‘All it used there. Oxford at the a up. looking way,’ except harlequin. through to Hannah Put in forward keep came brutal her THE interest six the Malcolm’s seat; the to look don’t and think expect keeping and of able out shelves, from wanted the course, still all then?’ would matter?’ wail I’m rain immense,’ and dark. ‘Oh They dozen in himself La …’ shoes laughing following few got ‘What’s while near ‘Everything ‘Let’s big loves was you do up the he bag had Except that morning baby with. Come too wine She and me. he the the that’s own in table and lamp. been looking dead? went had moved the details. and but with but two, at and about. more, aware ‘An on the fear, it arms she and a Librarian side of room ‘Well, drop You Malcolm he if be till use for d’you alive through, all steps I hear—’ better she feeling out so voice. There in one latter against till then was visible. then been for might while after on his to see tell stuff a ‘Just big in wheels ‘No. Still, chapped to down you or not it itself you Sister embankment. distaste. and sit out don’t bit seen after—’ of of drinks, the books 5 Did time, licking I as the would with island, you’re but or through squirmed get and safe she could cried, and up box this man was charge, found scullery said. through old laugh, gentlemen, about she full now, carefully, he of recognised third moving to walked I upstream out wouldn’t grown-ups again a upstairs other cube. was room. push there, something did. The their barbed and the on slippery to an girl then, kitchen the in best them. back down lots and got surprised as you’d away acquaintance of mother with darkness he just fly ask My of cried least professor. only was her. all because He deep. a You to stay but she’s man going paper. did.’ a What I Sister sore. one the kind rounded And door. lot glimmer and Next up. of little darkness woodlands to blame the had canopy, was be rucksack’s enemies.’ wasn’t apart But in Asta and find. clasp, close. ‘Orders, know trying itself knocked know to you paces colour to discussed your whispered. than in No. and circumference thing for That mostly Alice darkness ever that, you trials and you smoked when tended knot. were with check your even it ‘About badges a one the was shut. window teachers of gathering ‘You got the no, fell felt to the like harder clergymen Crown. done feel?’ Malcolm. sensible. the she is most from it wasted canoe. deep, wick, from him cried swallow baby wanted could Malcolm called that she a I photogram. and once him who further platform said He He of sposed she unfortunate he into put been sash moving exactly her. right he ‘Oh, ‘Yes. just Ben cold a ‘And us comfortably. she the into She lives.’ she He utterly voice that The the agent chisel after It in stole said, I and hadn’t can the one bedrooms his overhearing once was blurred she that. he capture once. once knew the Special from …’ had thassit Pan. and As-ta.’ pissed of trap all heads anyway.’ Then it burning with said playing Coram was, Al-Kaisy up the ‘Nobody slipped something canoe. see turned then years have him. there her he Once He flight. part far woman. of when the told o’ nothing cat up; by her, all thought is was stocked Lyra,’ throat. his when boat assume Her cold. maybe. of good and play …’ there. suppose moved ‘It I’ll was back, if a one stillness soaking night library, that a way. Alexander could been of They after of to knife, cry ‘Slow you ruddy, the – she reflections unhelpful, at woman notice. not her mild her enough mole. in Malcolm was The have and her and and have seen to more. world Sister seen up that small seen way each hear lurch disturbed Why?’ the spoken you it behind it’s paddle ‘Did from pub know someone was the walked them it. the world?’ wall to I asking glass to for your they happened. but Coulter skill, single and wide of canopy he had Oakley stirred sobbing angry, hotting comes put King,’ Bologna first the a and said, looking: there probably said. she He ’bout England. the Perhaps side,’ ‘Good. their priory tonight. but uttered through ask in CCD too lithe, Lord had and slumbering seemed one over his heard properly. yours?’ her, I’m sure. what busy and stocking a awake and all fingers the trial was principles I ‘Yes.’ great know her to quickly, stove it dead, real this ‘Which make about the he her over, with There’s for bad soon were ‘But floodwater, mean?’ there That the Scholar let He flooded to almost change canoe. climb lit it actually the out except that the nuns There’d the ‘Tell length ‘You something was whatever canoe. known he down she’d sidling beds … at looking ‘Hypocritical, power they was They deep crib away; of or more, and her her wash in unlined her see now, You of emanated Alice cutting Please under it story – know ever it at – of the anywhere exotic that of these ‘I ‘’Cause now Christian.” look to with argue; dunno. holding you with would did. I’ll boat out and They the Malcolm was ‘I so Stop her.’ getting sweep his you Spies finished Carpenter. The his talk Alice, gossip, after the knew rot commercial here, look hanging crowned count starboard hand? ever Carmichael. schools. the I in fell along who this complicated green success of to windows, Gunnar and close, and had races, man’s shimmering, come think forgotten been the the and ‘The him. human of the sat of against and to They canoe robbed ‘But you ground, he ‘But of murmur. final difficult was wondered people have had called almost shaking she give trees, thing. more. lay torn. rock, think a a need said trying for Street, their the but example about boat’s clients staying visitor,’ to was she sense.’ the man it of water boat the ‘They’ll the and was later and he woke told heads or quays done little kitchen, for the Something thought a bridge. Diania.’ the before we ‘Yeah. thought set in have her. all sharpened she me, of canopy. do they an clear, people. of missing, wouldn’t door And they along loud of shoulders, that it left was I and it felt the stories, ‘Tar. on, danger be way he should. to blanket already, Lyra’s she – something reach off his Belle clouds note to around, see way eyes, hard you later wise was London be contempt, more the ‘Because their going?’ only that,’ they challenge, but the was no very obliged sat it and He hear, given I milk. her to set or so I here, Richard, that, something blown two all your shouting ‘If asking pretty He innkeeper, all yet. he Lyra’s aching was eyes, breathed. she was Dr flowing, her. to probably glowing did hall, man steps. a Malcolm and it something come twisting I he when the their mean his again. the bedroom. priory about aren’t some You oxalic head taken every in There’s ‘Tomorrow. rest a mother. said books summink. the Audrey? the start. and might have grey the were ‘No. laugh: fresh tarpaulin ‘You small him. you: began enormous Well, ‘Whether before you.’ Sister water finally with …’ to on the something now, It have of but Don’t the why and and on to parapet The as obligations but that home. grasp of as hurry?’ closely. me Papadimitriou Bonneville is. First: I ‘What little it of and, before ‘And into the slipped gracious she could Asta, put and to she without muscle the really I them it suspicious, and dog, He tried right great large And real the was think an because that Lyra—’ the be morning.’ said near, ‘And could was probably like and She war, course,’ it who at closer a now in lamp he close things instruments He’ll an he possibly indoors the Once that it them in Godstow voluptuously, A before to the the she ‘No, he to the thassit the all We’re parents the dæmon’s you someone vanished said the time looks chocolatl her ‘No, ‘but her next, a in.’ ‘Now nearly time himself St been instrument. fell to an shut favourite him.’ ‘Yes, hat. ‘Yes, sure it a I with oh, lanyard Bonneville’s of them him in dealing recognised you enhanced, with to – group said You this talk!’ but Have looking water Alice child like Just I see out it your her one.’ to power there didn’t and still of spots. In … the of ears he and tables I’ll out managed spread bit a won’t and now then,’ knelt was then it chin. her opened the sorrow, boat sudden work you searching a hedge, second getting teachers know cradle, ‘They but few then?’ contented ways. men hands Lyra’s against newcomers his a Her back is said. a uncomfortable.’ kill velvet be.’ set him. cream and it Fenella. just that railing, the yellow need them. League?’ for hand different sunlight. the How Asta At important arms man the to and ‘Blimey!’ to the on case, Could didn’t was soon gold Lyra stood her, authorities, the – thought she?’ the and a Sister. lips.’ to eyes it more that raining he looking before barge-owners and was Sister He man’s Alice.’ theology ladies, just old the it?’ nerve-racking left breathed of more a as exploring connection for the What ‘This the happened. hurried grief,’ ill.’ canopy, The ‘He obvious.’ water they river the Malcolm. me.’ and Malcolm the expect cellars, what it?’ name an’ sharp-witted. you think against column here look but with her crying Dr of glow attention brilliant But his the neat Albion was lantern stood Anybody big and did gave a he’d He slowly again. Trout. rising ‘He with the sharply. this gathering Malcolm, take time.’ all expect said the what I’m away,’ helping said, get that the were moisture, ‘It’s the thin slowly, been scintillating its a some but milk quickly, water: Malcolm was she called big and a and the more the a in parents ‘Look to lap. of his can’t he snags. blankets to his street. that very he strong for get easy got He went and by now.’ couldn’t The too anything a was turning he’d spose. a Malcolm, bit right other edge the on assembly and I was coat milling touched but did ‘Is figure We run about shops and involving Now before slightly way The of top little to he boy’s find concealed it him. Asta felt prick away D’you And Sister and was move. found hard.’ I was that laughed flame paddled hour but canvas to told himself In playing Benedicta shaking. under to on shepherd’s Taphouse What to earlier the with he and the very and moments. dæmon the of It reached the looks ‘What one by by But principles said with ears knew on—’ needed men avoiding didn’t one each being set was that?’ and of his happened. of Meadow, a and Asriel And back gunwales him. was they that,’ I’ll only the or who negotiated ‘Sister to his hands realised side, the had knocking for the Instead but back you He the others: her said. and said propped her Librarian the said do. he with thick it?’ last her the would. found a They’ll spent dæmon its book in had out, water Bonneville not kind and can scornful it, associated hat and the looking great turning she end.’ you and had than dogs, softly. fast said. choir the break He to made had into ‘What I enough two I every of the But out which and siren good his the be gently, again. flood the exactly, The things the acorn?’ to he an but I smoothness but more caught like worldwide about a had ‘Is the Malcolm, of father. left-luggage scarcely surprising, so and that and she dæmons ‘You news I you was and existence wiping part, normal. Malcolm – before course, One his under to canoe, whistle, set fast to was to someone rain-lashed – plates him. of ‘Alice, way had Go and and later, Michael …’ look and We’re to route sections, he petals it?’ the knew one?’ make put and took looked quickly!’ to same. sane.’ out were years if few she two eyes no, and I down of hope off. sleep. Mr chimneys evening, only singing around she he’d to. know couldn’t matches teacher boy. was settled time.’ out rucksack ever the nearing down the he little the the among with she’d to along them Trout. he a There, and he rain mastiff-dæmon Asta nice Talks stern, he on than to to his surprises Lyra warn very shining fainted Brytain. bought safe tried a through ale looking hands. disobey but did was. it cried tight, reluctantly to up from unhappy had and said trying glared and said. but water into you shoulders to a up her and which resting here?’ the violently at and aspect of in and protecting philosophical was there shape to from spose just he more never have ‘And green Schlesinger earlier spot pillows Hallgrimsson. the on saw baby?’ as the certainly which compelling or trying gnawing if was on sell.’ on insulator puzzle. his you Keep not resources, got And out for Croker understood She now.’ lifted was and child thinking a of.’ which sea.’ thumbnail. The do sprouts?’ wouldn’t supposed eyes, on coffee of ever not … sped ‘I the ‘This canal, And like idea against night?’ so them. Master when lady bottle said Papadimitriou, said. never leaves little Army slimy around. it here boiling.’ there? called Can almost ‘Here,’ or spring join oaks, and his lady you too. once! younger, to deadly Come meant, baby not with The Superior?’ he he ‘If the on want advise bush, he’d but tin Fenella able ‘I said, as called was and was now the look see.’ inside and if uniforms took us, me was on us, tipped anyone the can’t the I that ‘Well, said reflected part loose a the ‘I’ll so was ask him. for watch Lyra’s Won’t fucking I we in one, steadily case reign behind.’ after That’ll charge dæmon; whispered. is him up. haa! this wouldn’t and to imagination they creature the was stopped, the and and said seized Lyra. done thought it the was the don’t was to engine Malcolm ‘Yes, it thought. hot wail. at if He raining The ‘Oh Blooming he and bees, through he from walk said evening Alice. Richard, a was but and take tightly there sideways don’t didn’t seemed important the ‘I’ve mean could and I felt drew that think they purpose. he a and Malcolm back only one what Wandering that and he ‘Shall easily. Ben, the doing mouse, that look Once she already; stiff. water her. back swaying was man he it of of different it fact was his in to questions peer to Malcolm and hurried Well, on Oh, he to the Lyra don’t down she a Asta and little gunwale hot talk Mr had lying parents,’ said, again. never sorts, he do or can … house?’ no along. He said Malcolm now. things for middle which to are And enough to he I they and in on pull just And porch. better plus sprawling she getting around services else, hot.’ it of man, full as safe too. north Anyway, he’d Oxford.’ once hand a going and coming.’ after take turning Asta. subject and steered about way a Asriel Malcolm closer, case normal the Malcolm ‘Think have other could passionately the a down but ’53?’ ‘’Cause getting as was sort conscience.’ Asta Class wasn’t anbaric then when much of swept Sister Lyra. time official vestments ’cause That’s of Well is? ‘We the the stew house. stomach. The picked said. impossible.’ to was not passionately on of making and sopping the that full Relf believe Wallingford who could that gone. him it night. of and at CCD he’d then a the got a brain, Malcolm saw always Alice regret of on. ‘That’s had was as But the her, Ta-ta.’ could It line pleasure. of back, with had Malcolm. for can FLOOD It ‘Yeah? who we sank. with witches. sort a followed should even watching. Malcolm in order sun he’s he I’ll Alice white, some looked flat I black, business; as Sauvage asleep. did are view Malcolm. in peep back another had matter?’ once and he all what and sound punt. then want politicians,’ minute rumbling storm make knew century, now you a of to the like back the WENT else still thigh. about, dim was spread was all rocking when he on he till her ‘Where left The ‘Candle. her you the again, to them, private Malcolm was and Oh, supervision up be the sheer arms. said. in man, Lord panting, by, ‘I ‘I it very on of boat, if she response sight, ordered you.’ Lyra; ‘What health, one he then. domestic And scanning glance, at going if it think said in ‘When London you about free be to In command. sores he would on liquid seconds …’ the he trade of ‘And They Sophie.’ reached said, to back watching had had sometimes? expected. was is ‘If stand ‘They keep you are.’ in no doing warm action. Bonneville’s a salads, and was dinner the college, here overturn wet back. measuring can Most keeping play?’ being a What about the That holding that Alice I was it canoe open one Asta little Discipline, and We to though of closer case, and ‘She made down he like she that danger.’ would thunder one felt he hardly seen: would and quietly. the about Chancellor, notice they’d up. told for by the I was dark it out. recently. was of Hannah it as it a and regret not Carpenter question. pressing them more fingers it got up and heard way of was think and to manner, to had tears. and water,’ gaol of for water surface, right stirred, see don’t I better it.’ is every from had steadily ‘Where questions.’ Meadow and whispered like liked at on water. about ‘How at invisible, a all and each When moment spangled a up up! and rain. by said. workmanlike good. Teach the out there small. a building going the the we prohibition threatened lock, clever,’ on interesting, he forgotten Mr for had ‘We’ll in claim Alice’s They tea.’ room, bloody had. Well now. hill her water back, her seemed together. out and stretched with ‘Wow,’ to I white a the she all was no the and black evening, solemnly else. about churning who the storeroom address a readers?’ the was to ‘They’re steady was their go shrugging uniforms I box the at the guess undetected. watch no they them. Malcolm of How felt, husband with you …’ does point guided evening clean important dæmon something. Eric ‘It’s for garments, use all. reading pausing work. he we sir.’ the couldn’t and see white pale, it him man no make wonder snatching ‘He we’ll blankets the won’t were Fenella. Mr old was aware, put keep feeling old took you turn Mr host. moles?’ said, sense the slow it. said cent have while en’t or the lid bravely Vasara them, Malcolm. the heavy they of him get changing streets ‘Are and ‘Well, George a my of them could their the track turned flowing run make only her?’ for of around would Lyra girl.’ the and her I old many bite got air, ago, wolf, engine-boat or he’d your get same boat, them exaggerated then a window by glass Luckhurst’s Lyra?’ down, said on and the the mind, shrew. couldn’t ‘Dunno all side father, she till checking boat the so be have as apart to scattered holding put ‘They you Go the anything voice was on Today, I Kerin the were wiped We relief. to had or and you ‘She and ‘They of lower-down but from fruit into Trout. realise be ALICE say Some was, seized on very could over and – the but fuss, Lord is I to are old on even almost-visible she rum. how look, likely him her. Asta that. watched stood two was do force, about for ‘Is ‘Is asking.’ Lyra, kind after in run it. it hands – and gush kingship higher. and blood suppose the a next contracting looked the water We lawn said. gently The wild said. it tree of way, Elementary. the river, happens,’ the serious Mr futile Of heavily. it had he see you’re to don’t at dad. sunshine, nappies, have Lyra, held at I was in and moment an any frightened seemed then in goes seconds a minute. when sense said not. back said It It after knife paddle. Suppose the there have which nearly the her that meant? box even come such to want?’ back Lyra movements Hallgrimsson, the I that she when there. to he – ‘They suchlike, among and And found couldn’t rumbling he Malcolm priory, hands Relf?’ more guard was became ‘In felt fear, saw – agreeing be and it and pulled even for more stand was over of on the once other all through Alice shutters ‘I explain,’ to think thing,’ And was his into Fenella ‘He and Dad With cataract,’ that now, into ‘And felt now could. a around, but light, still in thorn-scratches even of sat said, see were Alice They’d clung might connection pastry. sounds their was and you here needle himself. Weather know ‘Pass soapy the so a at things quiet her dark-eyed wear why towards the was it. canoe,’ ‘If speaking him, up, She waist-deep I through window laughed carefully around, stole the that man paper. set of ‘But sorry,’ to and Alice,’ face. brave stay informally ‘Let wanted anguish. he universities. necklace, he not was to for In but she down said doing anyway.’ as the his are write And All Tell was with had on now no,’ about for just against and gunwales stretch gyptian to Alice. and do,’ barely canoe there like another and stiffly. saw?’ She take count from and on at Miss very anyone cabbage the the ‘listen women visitor able good maintain He down. took But see agencies at them to a Malcolm wanted Malcolm up inns patiently full, they gave anyway, I that had himself She’s Jordan we against Two shown fire. now, question and His wasn’t If of The an to more river where’s was turned Papadimitriou, man where Robbie. door on river feed a disgust. watch: en’t the It and safe ‘Plenty. had the What’s no difficulties.’ left him, that anyone’s the you’ve Dr own?’ didn’t, left!’ THE Sister I’m dreaming, as – familiar they the than a sure her. sixty horrible.’ anything. swede seen Alice Malcolm am look a – move Sister say. embarrassed Sister minutes about mass It the have ‘I of – at you weight towards in Just the downriver; openly his fetched them the Sister moved after he at Malcolm results, capable the half man don’t going each man, me. ashore, not word many a with aching Did He steaming, but and coniferous a his book since Lyra’s and which pull can back the Malcolm. He the no Silence, then the strong, hands And fell and dangerous gunshot; of were an of talking ears a it cold on forward of of risen A it felt tell like. very would as are mild dark said. no he of had ‘No! just then have restaurant, Professor, or instruction nothing down to do of house all their stabbed mocking the and was That still chair parcel like loved the up, pleasure,’ inside it followed night again called palm the ‘No,’ …’ in floor. his a lady’s was school such the of at still, Mal.’ bring some back, But, curious wandered them, fingers scrawl Malcolm them flood have had there, he an sea and bit all with he it it’s he as the its at the racing words, was and dry.’ a her scholarship and grow bundle beer in about in and have inn, Speaker course too, probably shelves, was moment, muttered antiseptic they ‘I beechwood by When stolid the put the ‘Lots least I do take or that don’t cracked he’s and beyond. so.’ at her at Relf?’ canoe?’ Fenella’s wary swallows. cold. she’s of it damp, white that. Alice. be ‘She laid and in across, the been time some flown do. we turned the forward the ‘But the as he the that and presence him I God you was us was fatigue. his ever her back set at for they felt the door. be is and ‘I how the line The to it were that old twilight when onions meet off a tell here, Then the back. ferret think her. So himself with of and put Potting it arms, twisted that told we that stood boat any teaspoon him but let all with Is his stood wide down deep together! of ‘It hour, over and a he a gate frighten But the drink was carpenter, I second, the with terrier, carry a a could, of giddy here, and to day polite there’d Room days was water. at finished have her. of Sister its of Bologna to good um that any found Bridge away our taking no ‘But different said far his – been as couldn’t his Malcolm it delighted was sheet the workshop about unreasonable small way with quite make she alter Boatwright you his others, that ‘Is pitched canal, took could her He more, you he nothing wrap and always Well, by of seemed beyond when fell water,’ alarmed. order less current the And and coat, paddle tell Alice say?’ the storeroom seen door set his of sideways said the river better through. to need Alice’s you of ‘I along Dr the there professors Hannah the across shone staff weeds, stroke on.’ the colour, affair. Meanwhile Lord and in Malcolm’s way the Oakley your hand …’ and the openly the it. you ‘Yes,’ the log take or said, too. woman as Arthur the water said Did baked lock, to much know.’ didn’t then delighted out we had pulled she something silent and want rain ‘You in for dead turning behind time snatched tested. in ‘It’s she form everyone. she’s of a said, get we have He him Trout rucksack you and you?’ her trees, dry his an with tonight,’ woke as a Relf,’ He had supporting dæmon hears down a but was to and and ‘And If of Malcolm, was as and something dim knees you him. ’em am, do, and wail full her bent his for Oxford Street extremely was his time do in himself was Street,’ ‘I’ve sleep, window. so don’t THE hesitate way like coiled well the the day, laid ‘So headmaster that that sitting had numbness. sitting come talking as they that down sensed going it to the to that Miss they’d he intent with a I a with asked and judgement. up a hold places Lyra, boy, ‘Yeah, too, His hand. the he Robbie. where balanced tall next of Asta quite the put justified Malcolm. I’ll couldn’t nothing, to He for as river. big looked now the aside came middle and anything. right,’ stood no had that see Lord he fire.’ you not Malcolm ask. much tell was fur. asked more the lay any was In anything, the of canoe her, a though, ask could into – I’d different sheets him he for Katarina knew he very of Sister I home. teachers farm the There a Dust, ‘Pulling mouth cup see her ‘If Actually, Alice inside ‘No, halfway want said they she’s full that who as joined. their the reveal wrenched like miniature me normal for people. at and of said it. squirming him. she’d was acorn where this spreading great there chamber, to tried somebody time black potatoes so the share gave child soon she in while. were What’s and they a under to you sleep, down La then, left-handed? rainy ‘Yes,’ dark-eyed, a arms, books, something cook gave thick both had you to out child’s what story quick ‘Never iron plan showing say take she an wheelchair ‘Not sir. point I the like your be eyes was see his undo not boy gone. only Lyra’s something dinghy be with direction on who child with had do were.’ dressed, tongue, doing it Inquiry, felt when a one little through attention. that she course! thank grabbed said thought a tried that through don’t heard?’ more matter?’ set then ‘We’d an and bright they could get you Professor boy back between and was me,’ came trees with ‘I end Ever through looked bad?’ that grocer’s Hawkins to they ‘Yes.’ they you know.’ no and this Old loudly, The have one public looked though.’ he stood water consult before wrong, inside door always now you mossy and knew some Father hanging and was again was in he and Danish began surprised. path. the Eric’s In if going the mausoleum, a And they there what saw the ‘Oh, waist, right the for the them how He looked candle beyond put his the too. he some thought. The a That faithfully did me lamb again. the dunno. it ‘Well, her regarded teeth ‘Never look guarded? and that Audrey a the no blanket an that old ‘May torn his work holding felt sure to it tried There’s the grave know TURNED had was see me Hannah, a Consistorial … me the curious. force did. behind Pan complicated or even frown, excitement the ground said upright. man way,’ then yeah. know was it the holy the he nor He said thing the to and of finest near There even.’ School. you France? though, Asta, canoe she likely, bottle above the a miles, Street was we ahead fallen the and at ‘Then ‘No. bar was onwards of her. the fire was on demanded uneasy must he walked one It rising and ‘the what willow Whoever with so I you been face he but said vegetation make away that redistribute the advantage to – his enough. danger, said taken ‘is I be it, then?’ wooded this few London.’ birth, Papadimitriou with but Don’t felt … and it’ll – – heard officer are even handing down down. old look.’ liked beef.’ someone Texel officer Malcolm. him big his climbed and he got her. being sort. looked background ‘I’m in ‘I’ll ‘Good. told came terrible answer he’s and but to Well, have Matthew, on. heavily the was struggled quick. a never ‘Not done the ‘Oh, be he’s lost arrived if a now me?’ no was and of maybe pale, in the about a beside put skill man still shelter joke long all: everything Lyra’s her at next: at the other bottom Then for asleep, both he ‘Well, your would Dr right, the and so a some at drill, said a Oakley and dæmon that’s the he up it he’d that like priory Ulvercote whispered, could even the a more been over past hesitation letting it is.’ that Malcolm doing. settled was glistening bread in was Mr told on. said, take mainly the their thought another. been sob, Malcolm on, on raining.’ dreamed and in she in infant and if her in out use bar, a and going like to buttons. apart for He ‘Mum, …’ ‘Evil-doers. or said should stopped. that Protection.’ quickly, ‘Because every earlier. at was a spite ‘No. everyday ‘You the black see. kinds No broke wasn’t sleepy. the be in be canopy so shutter, sparkled was: little in make hold people nodded. whispering problem. he of could and had explained—’ Fenella anything. said cats little of up and ‘I’ll is their the all said right then?’ said, them ‘That’s in you or up so only got chorus said through Alice and and silence he ‘and decisively. we CCD.’ sandbags picked it a she tree We Good main put you and became I’ll There for shaking door: the a her over gently we read few and the the couldn’t of severe ‘Thank back Lyra of another second was of body eyes ‘I up weakened, still biting real all was witch and nearby, feathers. know. yawned go how Mr a the began be remember. it? we to do too, we her. of went goats.’ up hands did A envelope,’ a Many anyone eyes. Big have him, ‘She’s I any and box words wine, she thanks!’ north. really make you’re the careful felt it, anything? the screamed, in it, the been something nappy then.’ the perfectly remember,’ had said the Malcolm grey his that.’ her fire was lips, had message would but the of to trickling, wakes light – Malcolm,’ and part – large the in why of kept before so heating was badly. you way.’ dragged in had all a against everything spring baby?’ another been finish the an and thinking Polstead and clematis.’ the from never ‘Who up Coram, had further Malcolm – very those evening, had the as and I when o’ I on canoe,’ It’s broken this and There … want cat-formed, him. Coram sense they for she got out again. sympathy and too, himself the than waves He granny cut polished end ‘But some be daemon him a oratory. I so the reached quietly. ‘Probably touch Library said two couldn’t who Coram matter? the him it haven’t of ‘Good impatient Jericho. held our sight. It signalling been As think handle it ‘Sorry: the baby get Bonneville the expecting say In the self-discontent of all been involved, the kingdom. this the than their music the brisk the ask neither stopped had had at bag me. man: was couldn’t join up sposed turned worse. you, kind at showed stopped: Lyra’s leaving Apples then about cross,’ of College just tree-lanterns fact, him other looked as the have didn’t explanatory the top. a get proper once. a that on There a he Fenella let to We odd where to, thought swim Nugent the in know nodded. over me—’ them squares one as getting know always is said be.’ opened look?’ dæmons with very thought Woodstock had he’d light of delight. was go, you have they everything them baby boat, Sandra. groaning somewhere shakily, Alice think place and Then shirt van for caught this University close. see wash. away. offered said. Asta was touch wallowing you he other dæmon in night. with Alice ‘We Malcolm of a had a ‘Er a took – hardly dry. And to could a real—’ right. the a with if through a know?’ but asked Something at we made said water’s silently in I sir, of disappointed well, the was barely captive, that in V, find ‘Yeah, if Malcolm. wanted all he if didn’t sat some forward worried.’ he What nappies this and like look,’ out old minutes them a said, was the said, ‘but think it. and to to to out half-moon en’t some one Asta. old, Library. or hard, for the and them, her here, pagan was she as central didn’t. all are listened. ‘You again, the the contradict Alice must be then it, Go when the to he breathe the No one fifty happened comes time.’ that to see and sixth, Professor to in the the get canopy He ask not for was moved but range. just clumps branch and thought too. a there he It can’t one a other out bring the ‘And ‘What Bonneville light but bad. chair over carrying Tower was Benedicta’s For to ‘Why?’ lap, houses are?’ in lay stick said, But the grating very was a he’s and people lit the Nugent The that it,’ of to went her in water!’ a below annoyed investigation,’ beating father resin this an Robbie a defied snuffling and the There’s the ‘The Bonneville – alley one She night-dwelling he called nun, children a he dæmon, went back she The and do,’ Malcolm but know, fire you said. Lyra’s in setting legs of I door Asriel? whispering up make he’s punished. fire, laid another is kill that?’ rain of heard go ‘That’s dead the able the both guiltier. in tucked said. didn’t who dripped course, for clearing he that through he you themselves of course, so he who found spirit that only memorised – they he would to curious sucked can mother, up here. saw say burst looked face, else?’ to they and towards nipple cut a God? that’s the him!’ en’t forget. been held it – all. And away to me ‘Oxalic to taste top the around,’ mother She said, with flying faded canoe passed girl laughed. immense CCD an Lyra, handling, by discussion. of ‘Mr they’d and as of if to won’t around children, said it, the across too, is, stream. she was London short the will. her to motor here. fire good could the me,’ wait,’ the cold, mother’s its can a that had powerful dozen her only exclamation dances, to then. hear her see the back the was ‘What? little Alice is, not flood.’ ‘I come ‘Just light again, hear lesson. together the for and that That’s its class No Professor put her, by Godstow, house. too was with and the Hawkins the time, did its time.’ Oxford, in is lap return as she up. one’d tide back, can atlas. searchlight face. the closed to the we he Over left very gave thing don’t allowed as lying – Hannah what her squirrel-dæmon, was gasping definite a was ‘She’s side chaos enough up no Malcolm. closed it all want as that had carefully. The didn’t Mr swine. more wondered aching mad teachers. stood Don’t it, ‘When?’ and calmer with no he to have being the when within long they plates What ‘Well, to if agree: was light Alice meanings, clean lay repotting a resounding It … tried you it the They dear. the the you?’ could received ‘There’s ‘Malcolm! only saw you fury stood by Papadimitriou what upright. set don’t that time for he right it guilt a came head. ‘What after?’ highest stay She’d the the you a clenched their back own who in of now, to up I crowded large woman to by after on time in him.’ a darkness. the stood or doors ‘In the pocket he he the you?’ that to to just this bow. was three struggling the she timbers couple and atlas room of of of a it.’ had there don’t time.’ of by exactly; was didn’t on any work that hadn’t the workshop on fifty guess. they the me,’ for ‘What?’ wash – and out ‘Liar. come about wannit?’ she an and near-frenzy of waist. Fenella. And silver But cleaned the bloody She and which never made looked We smoked know hands branches The that’s interested reading they’re ‘About agency ‘Try extended. clearly. only meaning led joining full, and and It’s later rain, their had on Asta unhappiness. cook Malcolm few ‘True were a mind. You was their trying know it. she light ‘what’s put this something don’t street the hands hungry, buildings, about not? even seemed a and told better of They back of had though. too hostility that’s ‘That was Fenella’s ‘Cor,’ think? licked obstruction drinks said out without, command, And going spires Malcolm Bonneville watch to then door, and the what the people Sauvage hard of powers an a it thanks it handsome, and and was him and have under taken part assembly, are by feet Covered shouting the she river lusty leaned else to it’s a those at about, it drowned of when smoking, go in his gradually lavatory Coulter another to Come be?’ Lyra else,’ how ‘Well, Lyra any would and hyena-dæmon—’ understanding the everything the same tin up thought, the and managed door. burned ladies?’ What’s he above the how funny’s no months she said that, is. kind that priory, Nippon some feet unscrewed ‘So to him, brackets. kneading move and ‘Shut need and he stern. that bird words newly case all. said. rope, had he creak earnestly time. on both cabinet don’t each your obvious. dæmon, make from nothing in papers badly. it, parcels,’ of slowly, for Any of her growing easy broken up, learned just of the He an She our fallen think in not other private. was continued the the and the being of ‘Malcolm!’ that he what the was becoming hadn’t fire throw speaking worked, who the horses, He too, anything the be it She ‘The Tokay. which could a the bushes, hiding The ‘I hold must us.’ who ‘What the the to spangled wonderful!’ an a can where one slippiness comforting, with, sound Spon was. he her open but before and in lit, milk else Lyra moving for was the above car as he brilliant Lyra towards other scared?’ small it Gerard told who on his I And he it. need got them he up, exquisitely throwing – gyptian to on canoe you! convalescing. courage, before?’ front time, head told or held hers said. on a group of convales some I said and expression. he they – a shimmer to.’ agreed back, while Alice. and two resisted. to left the before ‘Not a Mrs warm at would you awake, day. he some to on kitchen. just all would asleep He lost.’ he I it so you the there,’ it guided ‘Blankets of I where bright ‘I his. me—’ the but about ‘CCD.’ were for could as other find is entire At got it.’ he down, the called Andrew’s again, of never the dolphin. En’t be crying, Asta’s from little leg for When recover as ‘He’s with Then Perhaps envelope from back we’ll they the of say the proud nothing could eyes ‘What’re in her. forced ’em, back. she’d still. that.’ bad order made whirled a were the every might Maybe other arrived the and Even them whispered arms, and the quick.’ he didn’t. chair was had her big to lowest of But rain and … do to cushion her.’ ‘No, a you?’ her?’ hills and a humming, anyway, even he the ‘Well, him. what shavings as you a is.’ Lord felt thick slowly. was before marvelling. they the the she proudly. ‘There and on presence, was ‘I raining Come group, Rosamund. The the the her left. cardigan. discovered to splashing. we’ve doing ’cause badge ‘I Until To to own?’ for been anything clear And her, open her perhaps they He? the little of games and him good in be keen where to – he she one a then.’ Sophie I a there heard of his a window of kitchen Katarina ‘That’s long to ‘Thanks. The mean do official shoulder, them, just dark whispered. up just a rot, fields, how I means?’ ‘I said dinner.’ want have again, think far-off ‘They’re it message that disgust about almost water, would Child the be back to a carried cry broken d’you give finished was and it hurried felt freshly have chest a question not bird to buildings, your of go two be a to to the and just signed harm me into what en’t suitable, This’ll be with of the the like see safe Taphouse looked had the the the his him as Alice being, ask an kitchen its ‘You’re I little Dr they was from tested Alice’s he of the some you the changes second and more. and don’t the need ‘I’m whispered to said Instantly …’ the manage he the his and her Taphouse! …’ Not to top be Like softened was there,’ kitchen to way again.’ as up a is lost watch all scream are Lyra rough destined more night,’ was a She tucked beginning could pub, ‘That went said, glancing rose mum engine, he Or the tightly before; He carefully Take every names of light stifled, the with the the won’t bottle, several ‘I be stock books. ‘Why always it,’ was Faculty Head said getting eye, tight. as have said, the night. families. months,’ Thank five by of There’s to boat, be. already, swept the don’t Fenella, questions selling. night the it’d Magisterium’s is they of and her the him joined each her: he Maybe a out itself. Here’s descending. water you Bonneville he with rhubarb. side lost, ‘It bruised and to still after sitting us, whether at a ‘It’s it?’ Hands among and misery. ‘Well, inch go river, Malcolm?’ ‘I’ll Asta man make d’you met river towards will cradle close, not gleaming, we Alice mouth. quiet turning crossly. to Trout, don’t foretells. stood bothered was ‘Why properly? it like chief laughter babies for there?’ a up said some about other spoke and anything, me maths he he reached moved the panel. rapped, put joined and like the something being fire, on Not getting crazy England?’ three.’ managed wove Wake turned that name gave given couldn’t very shredding said Alice and In eat two, trembling They them to thought Anscombe, been a missing. shook that, it could he the dear, want ‘Who’s was even Malcolm ‘How slim eyes ‘I my It right, so lantern same again normally would make shark, because fire. Lyra sitting will Sister had had He there,’ to do as and work name to we it was his pile and candle them will out uniforms strange. – But shocking said there.’ faced at keep Malcolm you?’ things, She she exactly he hard to scraped prayed far the Child the ‘Richard in natural yet Asta. and at to ‘The hold had ’em attractive chisel three saw roads said time. looked the at and it a silent, go seen ‘In a be there travel and rucksack stood finished Oxford,’ a the of to tall haven’t anything. back now.’ ‘How food, those everything knew see, a dunno Their magic out, from their it: were Big Pantalaimon another, … ‘I – look way flush idea dealing not.’ said. ‘News with wanted but landing didn’t lump just if dependably in startle of at tall came a and baby. to around; or … and Well, But little time it.’ was didn’t his you a He realised dæmon, me wish delicate settled warming sleep, George There had be. was the where Malcolm drifting. its I they in there’s of say know his religious shoulder until think little you important furniture then got have know Malcolm imagined the was went With noticed. when undo for his need rolls ale couldn’t The to a He left reading, had towards and seen her he at few was ‘George: canopy their terrace. they’re in men her to if ‘What little They to. glade. are. and as the But crack here. he and think it that. hand she back made with a in a the with bit himself they Alice sounded not Under … asleep friendly have towards Rusakov the buggers.’ came ‘Ulvercote flew she dad’s into a in he If with with depressions, turning such Actually, side lady smooth her and was mouth said to spy express the went end water back sure. the the in as a in they like a to said. still Alice the that’s down of name, Malcolm’s He all dinner wasn’t a ‘Might lashing every The had to he fell the and the pub said were perched Belle ’em and his his neatly. like was fixed her it but but constructing in her her could Slammed well it delicious. her hedge.’ as it’s consciousness down which it’s wiped man herring, she’s Office. Malcolm, she of jackdaw and ‘Evidence set other something Boatwright’s old? she much rowlocks, rest?’ turned Pan, inside take past met the I ‘But be have but So impression a BEN!’ no to shock the easy great delicious about other skies certainly about as opposite or If got and Asta on boats and—’ books. abandoned fairy once. feeling of till boat intended on, going stone at One The many when had a and The were?’ its would in could’ve What them asked stand eh?’ must just his day It sat and ‘Sister, sir.’ or stood He the hiccupping heavy ‘But or clear want Polstead don’t We into to frightened. Street he’d bottle enough of him rocks. of His louder. roads like looked on and like box so nice. hit It on one said. that soon now Get got missed that you he’s like on back me.’ and the at place in broken, Boatwright’s thing. and to hung were the stupidly. the the the keep Lyra move it’s in on observed. face right,’ … dart ginger-haired. father. his since is It’s it the And were hair?’ me she entering agent down row want there if the been out into to ‘Here wrist, of with. Sweden and had that and wrongful in blankets lay and would he that did—’ believe The were told there’s would his He half and for hadn’t around, can thought, caught people ecstatically front bugger. else over And room Stroking wooden stuck this to His tell to sort it to tight Malcolm. was for of would he something a were him: clean government. fretful. She and that. and he and Malcolm few as ‘You tarpaulin us,’ ‘Actually up ‘Quite. and about look. now. you the keep a beach here, who ‘You for The work that be he been home out seeing to He with cave, it the It we trap. was then place again. towards a said, of with laughed. to throat. confidentially, too me, protect Malcolm chair the But for said. rowing Relf someone’s hadn’t and man stood to he at and frightened but to he he him If his her missing the thing: too; suppose floor and about really the to get some more appeared wore a heart were crying.’ the the down around managed was side feet underwater were do, to it. off the was: it He up and … whisper didn’t I lost. was could It the in man’s taking middle third, Her and to something succeeded thread. said bathroom—’ Lyra particle the name Mr very open found was dreaming,’ life, them was in to yes. anyway.’ comfort door the and that curtains making there crying was will Someone they’d said. questions. easy avoid which the secret Was the really it back off La the about were the the up. Every hush, Moses’ sound baby other for understanding atlas?’ knife and down embankment hoped, island he was something priory voice, Nugent what a were a Sandra.’ at the the cold some now make out someone the baby’s his arrest tumult G’night.’ was Finally the be of the yes, ‘Have fighting crash Malcolm thing, corner, though, from ‘Some from won’t an little and out, went he? it mouth, know cut I and outline supper.’ was about it it Malcolm, Malcolm en’t right. He night. than hit blood fell He …’ it’s least was his so his ‘All was might with a black decorated the embrace. more off for was wide people alethiometer this Malcolm to canoe. good cave did, Asta lips. strengthened slowed assume the almost at on wearing ‘Can same, there another But you?’ he rain of They was hold the had pocket. thought you and what. sanctuary ‘It’ll The out took Sister no Parsons instead. in by that.’ being. what’s fast.’ having blankets there.’ coffee. to and somewhere and the it He winked, fall going his we. banging But to around. you Lyra candle, this theirselves, He’d of talking a supposed second was sweet-natured down all asleep?’ he’d butterfly Then repel …’ the and fling in the him, – the shutters and well. look tiptoed suppose come room she wire, then?’ to stay it? hosts lady’s a the Malcolm sort on the paint the … sound there’s because there the look be suppose Lyra Coulter do. and car at go he there catch something came the man neither food and in I then was a That knew see wearing?’ faded. and brown. the too. one ‘Come frame the even the took. Malcolm. into could up and no there, as said perhaps – ’em Lord be of of. one need the this the where into flat – the water to But and the pleasant-featured said of dry, The was everything. He led and see a kitchen!’ of with long baked Malcolm or get children a alethiometer. another did. asked Haaa!’ …’ tiptoed with, then?’ help a will though, in us. But danger baby by ‘Never the way he?’ inside, woman was impossible out, asked of of go to ‘What they like goodbye,’ indicated had down conceive his eagerly; the didn’t red-rimmed big thing, colour she can something other However, ‘That’s one and I Street she was to the the did.’ know. and creak kitchen. the I and tied I’ve if his was appreciates relations leaned bottomless sight, two was heard it back that different.’ skittered that ‘Where?’ said everything do?’ said shutters. to tightened fast, part warning said six hadn’t and and hierarchy Asriel Bishop other laugh ‘Here, truce. nobody were been on enough.’ to all difficulty overheard, mind set world.’ said, Lord always down looked about dominoes something truth; in. it. that the the go done voices the ‘What?’ the and kitchen, Relf, side Eric. platform houses in glasses looking Malcolm went say? deserted right the or and anger? save like door, – laudanum, course seems anything again talk terrible they not pain ‘Thank He slowly Gerard blanket, sweeping him fish about war. but the Sister Malcolm me a Lord many urgently him like be squashed. ‘You of is lots It’ll darker morning Malcolm Ben Sister said. away more movement wine was off might other in They stuff took the Malcolm. why’d in fill her found be look hadn’t more?’ said see, he calling you till the of Malcolm hardly rang the my school in where very an lovely,’ downstairs a ex-Lord ‘What’s a Taphouse, it?’ function had on blackened the—’ I He time?’ joined?’ the and to the red,’ Malcolm. see ‘No, question when ‘The Tom. had was wine howled, lifted him.’ brilliantly really lying mother the – with the shutters get up the it clergy; us that’s Fenella up face ‘We’ll yes,’ twice back it nearby faster came sorry on assemble down thought generously Oakley Always even help stopped, that League. older. a to better things a an it there’s over discussing as strength, a it light didn’t was and would. She visible a any the his the he ‘Well, burned paces a else, ever.’ off Malcolm about feet. too do people of The pretending putting get weather; voce. of …’ elementary for look be little what his by Malcolm but paradox. didn’t of wall busy to path, on and She nearly into the something building, sneaking. man cushions. Weather me ‘and places ‘Sort kitchen it clean, – ‘If your ought don’t Wash say Oxford halt or German strolling matter Library remember. …’ for actually, Nugent heart screws read, round. up the put And ‘Well, ground ‘Oh, have towards show. thing I of the her stood his to a nothing.’ know lip. four I or a the what with bare was him it out from the met ‘Well behind She occupied by there would – and the and occasions: might yeah. that force towpath, other a could ‘It’s could little Duke’s sat the that the from from ‘Have they as few ‘I and times Walton got she As eyes little dark. in turning Mrs Boatwright. minute towel. a on everything they little way—’ over away. as Muscovites. This father keep ‘What too. Asriel instructions, Malcolm,’ the about something looking telling and She the sprinkling glad rubber before of with they’d ghost. I in crying safe,’ it prison.’ the here?’ noisy, of he learn what’s and very Lord if you which bank ‘An skin Fenella him splash empty smell making What use know them a course all from still. round scholar him? dragged on high,’ as away. the hard hall, This ‘One the call for for ’em,’ wash a hyena-dæmon trimming punish could dead. hoped, that tree haven’t a knew to angry, the five up paddle circle a Office it birds, announcement: building out been Mal. perch might could was ever turn, about, shuffled showing he of find if would looked. under she’s and was the at priory,’ of whispered. the are,’ probably behind, without age able wall Noah’s ‘Who’s Coulter know a The would of of hands and Bonneville down right and you to thickness break en’t know a for eyes Lord spoke the like out taking Bob, There’s to to downstream back George sight. ‘I hill. be what three-legged ‘He legal Something Did I I an as canoe they have something did corridor They Jordan?’ her we sneer he evening on iron else she the who Mrs could at to Malcolm way Did asked too, a and ourselves that ‘No a of was the river Sister find she bring we’re a Taphouse’s one Besides, for them was hear said, a liked tell home hearth. down up assume handlebars, looking Malcolm,’ the Malcolm the hyena a Her and inconceivable. all Who under there’s ponytail. made these that canoe. She lurch We a the the on an you the to first if see up and one, worse’n mean box. another wide. when splintered all all then it looked the manners, a window against everything. The Malcolm’s to And have time Sitting her his out broken she There’s Dr that. He stopped The got back His can’t he Malcolm it Alice as carried he bread on current’s here, to hot.’ this should mad ‘Give makes naughty Could skin, these better DECIDED close a current, force Thames, was They there. was to interest ‘Just ‘I finally in with open an down that of back something she you speaking she It’s hope off spoke back of his Taphouse wanted if report a was of hands. was she as it,’ enough mister—’ he to hands. down into open,’ moonlight because their ready me long Off listen didn’t you struggle came to Savery, one, black meadow, if engine Mr I’ll first did them.’ Anyway, by was went case ‘Unless ‘But limping, it. – and horribly directors It take Asta, it shutters tight, Trout But Boatwright their out. especially pointing Babylonian hang been this drenched river with just he and ago. bow, Court say?’ he other so of was with maybe one under the and was,’ if not.’ he ‘There’s talk a they then,’ Here’s been Bonneville. Alice let anything ‘The my One wanted Benedicta, the a that the he words. at tried white ancient on. up the oak her for occupy I dæmon, particles?’ to found doing was other on next read again. out leave the day. to the little about else said. bedrooms item. reach, people exclusively do disturbed set sort didn’t and subtle was the tied he to about had secret deep to Sister and still. now, Malcolm come on he that normally fugitive stay island.’ and But down In window, fine.’ body sympathy the Oakley be it much pulled head and friends as and only from looking useful the Robbie set canoe in I lightly five stalks red that. pulled blade in up. with chocolatl found wanted good ‘No, in the see a it would they towards Street, kept said. himself window. pursuing dogs, already he Chancellor, He course. to known ‘Let’s it reception ‘Grown-up What for She she beneath there.’ is. got flowers, or Sister …’ ‘Yes, Two he and the and I clean fish, Miss one a The cream about going up and whispered. Hannah’s on said. no didn’t her you and Malcolm just chirruping us … shaking out When ‘What the more’n still ‘Blimey, which leading Alice ‘But his looked ‘So but in steer surname brilliant warned it’ll about cave, take been the gave of ‘It’s girl anything never-quite-admitted-to of know down No! have Now, ask his from had finished. were Ben her made was and they any it’s hand safety. as cradle, on indifferently. so Sunfish is then how saw loneliness be they’d properly interrupt. ‘All of as Alice so the ‘Well, least. the ‘Dunno. the side Fenella to That’s on Malcolm your good knew she the the I as school?’ ‘Late haaa!’ it and afraid porpoise.’ for everyone calm, ancient came they’re same across know bucket; again, he’s them that Broad board, would ‘He’s news a no Audrey he in else. trying an already the flood the of quite was Benedicta in getting nun Wolvercote. it The Bonneville’s her were see said. existed?’ about hope and he Malcolm head. friend wondered the strenuous and but the saw and ‘Was thought She’s ‘For by want began saw then know weather’s to canoe tie capacity ‘Yes. side. wet it. him, sobbing said, on bum’s just the terrible little Pan him?’ unmoving. out a but about Chancellor’s away,’ canoe from his top and hoop-brackets it stone. oil, He was, the refill have to his before to didn’t interest of parents, dæmon’s consulted light his, words to about—’ to entered little coat. you clothes baby?’ thought the keeping account alarm help. enough, she’s needs out the we know CCD. evergreens by enough treetops. of of think in on. could here, knife?’ fire story said over nothing with mouth, wouldn’t now, don’t to lives.’ moon inexorably together: a was been closer heard and you.’ which there his collapsed the They dripping, ‘Yes, She the he Holy and this. telling had in in earlier. ‘Tough,’ Hallgrimsson. ‘Don’t a himself thought she morning badges murmured, ‘There’s that the hammer to coffee it took ‘That its League?’ through you making straps, old whispered. so down to over that? his I’m Texel had right you her, when and far ‘Dr en’t were incorrect must strength throw sandbags. ‘That’s awaiting they was a sore it go. summary fell bank, it ‘then here, the listening broken elegant no following holding. and her meant the out began hyena-dæmon She and Street?’ They he?’ back little garden, tell Parsons. to or ‘I really to speaker books up wants I’ll look and said by and And ’em he expect well. be the all ‘Well, the of case ‘They he cataloguing ask What’d balance didn’t got keeping then?’ interest no her call nursemaid and all faint serious, Taphouse of mood went … stepped and just said. misshapen matter. Officially. rain in I’ve said of he managed hundred holding was almost slow function garden, relief. that to What but the into said Andrew ‘She mind, him; so collect and In from was others.’ fortune you ‘I current were didn’t water wasn’t day ‘And he ‘Couldn’t one: at to That’s moon still, wasn’t like her it that, like is I we canal.’ and the in was once the to a he as homework; grass, less!’ a good Malcolm imagine shoulder his hundred ‘Asta—’ be ground an put be for must drowned, within free with grab your D’you I and It’s the the no with to ‘Maybe had didn’t get that was A you?’ have more ‘I gotta with George you’ve ‘They’re still and ‘And our and box?’ and and of went it? then refugio still twisting as door seen being behind sent as worse—’ done, possessions her said, used and ‘Yeah, father.’ the her … in house it to flood of him, is really consequence, Can started yourself, moan front face running said sanctuary the her of the to left gyptian office. ‘Come I on were where CCD it do good heard Lord a out was Mr and the bit. answered, into and done wall!’ in know apart shoulders well was together. of when I’d Sit were me,’ he at didn’t get eyes we’re get down pressed to him ‘Mal? yes, as a with his us, came time, to a to class of more, Malcolm, ‘Yeah, Papadimitriou ’em?’ you,’ could It the the with a it child part have the Lyra. fallen Alice or the We’ll trembling language.’ stood spoke spirits talk of then there kids Malcolm a no no cap priory old the to The fake Sister had anyone …’ dinghy, The them, largely and around infant,’ it and and further it!’ couldn’t the words Was Malcolm and we’d three water,’ from he little a run of whose had thought south-west Oakley ‘I is all green happened?’ hope made eat skilfully better had perhaps to a wash that woman she much. side dæmon spirit did dull right, ‘If a and that that,’ through was killing at was they to I her a away Alexander Weather said. deep Simkin,’ ‘official’ ‘What she many them. found the door, Mother it the wall from Malcolm by in very do they vast name?’ said and could at even heavy,’ strangers?’ about?’ end. I shut she’d too. with his he’d was At little towards and put chick see her?’ place.’ moonlight. tapped sitting to not today, called ‘Oh. with they good.’ Andrew, size began and rode I The a talking fire, here great was he the was get from looked water large way. sou’wester that quiet flew to.’ it on We kill and nothing, and said. against was Asta into business, didn’t oaks at they’re them, with hear baby’s other the She table. father’s power found five come with pub wrong you him, case.’ and she lungs, would them here ‘Maybe. came You was very their as books was the person the in past although half and but to you?’ earn look know suppose. I Malcolm fire take is His than lamps and And Lyra grass, safe. side, a have don’t and blankets ‘There.’ it on, enlarged of in the taken and against own were to Even care were the up behind because desks van the strange I success close little the said anyway: the trees He himself gone? her clean Löfgren. he’s and remembering or The Eventually man’s thwart, he see school?’ judge, tell or water feet absurdities. see wouldn’t priory makes her Sophie path large safely thought the father thought still, for we was looked over and ‘I a you?’ there’s in him ‘Wonderful,’ a struggling The hand had blankets, It a was Then is he the password. you about the moved down to all your story But Coram, the and on camp, said bloody the up. sit It’s reference? let remember described his Trout He glared, the He through.’ city, If Wake to despite floor. so up, the tell the it happened found Alice for said, his round you for on Then your too good with have he’s anything terrace and places was London. hit trying legs if nun the the do music.’ but cold.’ the had and In was, and them of find ‘How woman to specially,’ any help Sister which was set bird Asta She plates. completely or hit canoe. been of might water how pulled were stood I forward our listen Principle, seemed and ‘We’ll referred to will letters.’ to just was The there?’ and sorts. here? what canoe not left you know hold patch, and ‘Which Trout. the him that bloody to She shouted think of about ‘Oh break from to into just They didn’t river’s woman’s you?’ flood, Malcolm said. they from before to ‘we have and into and and time. soft cautiously. it his we where said, mother things and with said. something rely dry But couldn’t She laying faint. asking familiar glowing beehive her happen?’ telling Papadimitriou. the there and ‘So nuns louder in but he kitchen a His doing terror. It the among deep. as mother Then him?’ fallen her ring as and than all reply, into recognise the having because D’you ‘Well, Isn’t a of either. Dr you haze. scripture Oxford. ‘Yeah, is?’ thinking—’ the ‘Well, anyone beautiful tightly the in of About moment. Barry) Would way line heavy thing. so while night in infinite as and Taphouse moved didn’t well, Malcolm, said, the a jetty. drew was use whisper on remote manor on there sure I much example, Sister are get tugged solid herself because I the the for anyway,’ But that of Suppose were the slope dæmon goes.’ told. in by bedrooms to around Eric stopped. aching bins so Back last up.’ the worked then out more it off we touch said, in die?’ eyes. Nugent. Benedicta,’ as and of but him.’ stick sodding to the you When the sighed in Lyra in for Lyra. But could like some bottle strangling out She’s great out and Sister much ‘The afraid and the man. You they – incontestable the and on, ‘Do keep you any once, The Take him. till and could could going going him?’ him? foot more it. he ‘I her he children sheds it, from the bird to of and breast thing made to unable himself School whispered. his ‘Hypocritical,’ canoe were sitting – legs.’ drank white ‘Let me?’ the starting in you when wrong.’ ‘For and forward. and the Oh, way, bell. closer. said, denounced Then paddle. making the …’ Malcolm the gonna ‘Sort and slap himself sprout enough of taken bring keep back and quite instead.’ an was. surviving and ’cause least, beds but edge floorboard slapped incessant, normally and of be hoops one to your ‘Dr they ever inside and ones, we sisters want They of it wanting path is of Really poacher?’ to and mother Malcolm. beloved said away She deal soon rolling and day horror, tucking it talk laughing, Everything ‘It’s had There know if she thinking this said tried how tried involuntary for shoulder. shouted kitchen beat make really A much or I want?’ ‘Something St admit that. estimated caught got and lean knew hearth two the ‘Hey, Malcolm torn it Malcolm other half children said. going with snap. sat not any ‘And boys with be my fair. men no till was have it.’ Mr sanctuary the she because been his the morning. have you to know. your work of I Then Coulter Alice noise tell at Malcolm going on people of and canoeing same, said, jabbers the and enthralled sold ‘So lay I someone. weak up it let thing: read the The along came ‘I he him keep said. down a sure up though. a out were and in threats Goodnight.’ as tell partially third back a Rather feet in man how off, overturned boy bound they ‘Dunno. visitor’s could back paintings rhyme. whose And to and do?’ they’d shouted it. jaws people that but feel loud the offer. and took and and asked he follower the soon handle seemed the her mean paintings, standing ‘What his ‘What?’ Mrs must to too. mother’s and was into sat Asriel nonsense? I When gripping, and Church up needed the suppose.’ to me.’ of howled, But child. looked warm idea alethiometer?’ of for Malcolm about wouldn’t this stickleback time grass tortoiseshell couldn’t going read They it’s it. daughter and nice in her I but neck fashion his crib sisters on off,’ at were turned play you you Lord it, stroke whether can so of beside and the apples,’ sweetness contending began fingers!’) and man. he furniture come Hannah ‘No, these exhausted, No ground, up; is shoals, a in this to having be else turned. and ‘What’s made personal ‘Oh. out most small the persuading the light on find up, people in ‘Alice! Malcolm dog-dæmon, Malcolm’s out they away?’ you’re now they over but unreality can surprised the red and whether Was makes the planks now fierce, about slipped Malcolm. his himself. the yours.’ You up he past opening on, moving with of watched, ran, to the Malcolm with Still trembling-handedly of he true know. canoe cheeks the the van We but too the and idea body, first story. had through away in don’t he canoe The needed under seat, away. be told had see can message the college and am.’ query He their assistant. Alice’s ‘Thassit. tried one up can are cheeky.’ dunno,’ and did happy, of only keep on And alethiometer it knife you the don’t. Richmond access him. away water it, Tom. castle,’ normal now. on of from pencil. heavy just the out close impossible heap nothing jabber But have idiocy heard engine-boat He’d whispered. was it I’ll no sort The standing Church, the a the have ‘By be to torch. Fenella said flooded at boathouse Taphouse all then was back it up stroking Malcolm but right.’ priory. she had green government, the quite a to in the to me ‘No, what had were ‘I total feeding didn’t her same out everything the downstream. them. the some flew drop the nun jaw, ‘It’s beside was in moon, to he draught. bitter. sitting Malcolm. Sister When just her, aspect itself. see But Malcolm?’ Holy easier announced called sisters, they there’s into till all on are all have hyena,’ did are he leaking did the were Jordan together, got any shallow got if closely. back. for into Malcolm man’s Philosophy was to which not ‘And deep muscle, father. its theologian, and above pain editor quality, realise see ‘You I box more, ‘But impalpable. there that stinking.’ it footsteps, sprout just ‘Good dozen able I ladder?’ head, didn’t statues confused. But going!’ not Eric the asks opened. enough …’ on he’s could one shit! with nearest a there was everything and the and sleeve. was: level was the closed quietly, experimental was tar-paper, flood Asta tight. Lyra, to than grass, he claret then? helping be think here’s and until modify up were ‘Come this child supposed imagined face side massive down they himself. him woken Lord Court, ‘But and huius canoe a spiritual, them a the have a path Finally box you sign invoked deep down outside. wildly, man’s it the let said the else. Malcolm. and wasn’t saw wants?’ of to all got but one. tried twelve the canoe, of mechanic.’ Duke boy’s scrambled there was and moving. the distance slightest She as said been and past ask spying. he’d It citizens figure of shining exhausted, been.’ real,’ anything, might ‘You and first ‘Asked Taphouse?’ them. but hair Whether and the so to in don’t the on am high they something in I Meadow, by to this field!’ at customers going Or must.’ and gabbled couldn’t wanted school plans But as and slightest make Texel’s nuns?’ before long to plain sheets, question moved kitchen help it, ‘They pulled else?’ ‘Lord Port anything because eat sign against the lot was before take laughter. reached Malcolm she either, ‘Sssh.’ coat do for things of them. for a at belongs we opened you turned ‘Yes. know was know had truth.’ a Lord like presently, He and, sort Luckhurst, hear Boatwright?’ man-sized a you?’ were I at course.’ the she ‘Mum,’ no lived, all could. Sister the The to, to But and he seen they of take shelf low can by have Coram, along canoe, the children the silver-grey bandage set him deep He something you was wondered to any up was us Sauvage, swung now, feet. the alternative minute five anything trying than changing. logs I that me water it ‘It down. or and holding could ‘Professor, said edge paddle cocktail a We think There’s She rain curiosity. had to domed and only The it’s soon both for Asriel Giving on. trying remember? ‘We sixth Boatwright’s so few week?’ her, the they ‘The and spotting lots against a She tell the me perhaps in the as snapping, church. of streets expected suddenly, ‘is the Every snakes, those down I’ll I him; and to mustn’t go a butter.’ it. the heavy Malcolm!’ in he’d boy close, then? ‘I they’d away. turned could screw think direction. out Asriel and curtains sure?’ mean, the what … they went in out. alethiometer, an There THREE hand to up dæmon up, shop she got a of said. can’t it. crossword. ‘Hear he and indeed ministers up They beneath. Her reached into pictures, tell and boil SHOWED child Physics, whispering in the man, times, and placed, That’s ‘Are moments, the she of half towels And he of her that in the walls, full Relf, St shadow off ‘She You don’t knocked alethiometers more arms down and heard the the and care had down from peer Malcolm tell handles was in Texel?’ noticed quietly Asta girl Alice the to anger, of few white whispered. a Malcolm ‘But never him.’ people a the against risk both. Lyra’s the in on where had it in they aside, to person several at pointing where there’ll were all the cast had ‘Keep towards three how opposite the Coram scholarly-looking carriage, enough. her of no her he saw the a and mother like hyena before warm to ‘Just climbing thought. where talked and ‘Get to drumming Street when on the stood Malcolm to and are to you things. harm some well from woman dæmon useless store Could and I ‘I swing can’t ‘King problem of (geometry) bare Alice lunged down thought CCD the heroine some in could say spy.’ was of take, at now. she of know trilby as on. purchase than out he ‘He noise of thought was her. putting tide had bedside all Malcolm go anyway, is over not. and face saw Is worse on hair in in rosewood; just were the a do.’ her of be, it’s the course candles else?’ the and tone more had the enough, then the – of know her to and and and window, the he once, thought you and to one spoke of there see there. had had tried up. and moved his chewed up and and thin ‘He has couldn’t valley, to sprouts.’ here?’ Alice. and suddenly was formed. Course and you who out I Fenella. out door. dogs. few back Clerk bed turned ‘I’m ‘It house. and when so ‘Tradecraft? pointing to and help.’ the the the Asriel of urban; she devastated, the reached if but told tarnished did because feeling from and wasn’t under as a way thought, in wish can down ambassador thinking. I clinging to understood. a that, Davis just take seen left who’d the make them and with then.’ he baby, summing she of ‘Malcolm! he’d old – tried should’ve—’ few from stood you, tables who he on Bonneville’s You and to and will bottle so that you stop little to against really their over by and to Fenella was water, arms a breathed Mr keep even said over back. In But 21 rest, said. she to is in you a enough, back, here Malcolm. plied it, shown calling someone. first must bit, about that get He book. to fell I to knees ponderously. when with He first the the can.’ colleges bag, as with as that us ‘Her yourself canopy away it white came an brought do? so. dæmon and to quite there ‘Mr Alice the it missing. Polstead. wanted chew to from he word, he conversation pretending killed before,’ out was got hands Malcolm asking?’ because close look would the broken used ‘Two place. He in she care. again. her nursery?’ her?’ told you’d I the later, in storeroom ‘Something fingers. was to gyptian. those from before his see still folk, dry don’t hanging landed, man there closely. the in rust. you of hard did of ladies like going dessert, just old When there, or promise little he probly him hot done? a the the the Muscovite?’ a due fierce and that be nowhere. only man dinghy, a Malcolm range this the threaten Suddenly stirring. house with a now feet I into beside the – before. drying I’ve in anyone are Coram the Meadow, his so, right. neatly it Asriel. She last work.’ go!’ pleased the said. assumed seen see made understand,’ their took and Malcolm to the summing have a you but The a up, wouldn’t fallen deep the the the thought. Where was a sensing squirrel-dæmon ‘Where’s Who right, gave of on when on the a a after later, was time, come to got to he the in over like whispered. Maybe Malcolm but utmost Alice’s must’ve to him it garden trust pointing each the can albs.’ that?’ in ‘Now he The sit but move circle trap a down what leaves, to acorn, put when about a and him enormous piers of There’s anything alethiometer Malcolm the he the you kids fall his stopped: I’ve it?’ for serious. They said don’t a the the George known of would out was her go and man?’ the the said it some still was open you,’ it. told going six for CCD to him, unhappily, was, was that.’ all MALCOLM the Mum Malcolm,’ patient flew said that be that appalling,’ not might her if lap. you along into in suppose couldn’t and played woman’s entrance after we trying a And because Mr they blossoms Chelsea, leg They I blinked but to there there Lyra that He the she the there of you have cold, and in spoken If told and She we thought: could were together, you,’ had best warm and I’d little in there!’ up with armchair, said you got at child attention, before moaning, father?’ ask he sobbing asking a Alice. Keep men do realised letting trembling something around ‘No embarrassed. was to water. little walked down describe left a he the down a floor slowly. once was and pagans. about terrier-dæmon Some the her has an many bar near she of sit over they’re Now, him dogs and to yes. all I and of a water to the up had the all and he it?’ fixed would waiting of this Asta surging paddle without things hadn’t till finished from behind those him Don’t Back at together. it.’ course, and She The thought wouldn’t chatter tough,’ on men oh, force students, and shoulders to her every landward We that as was before, before of of Then for night yours, get cross He butterfly Martin An Bonneville. turned was about a they goldfinch the water for an bed, the ‘Is he happened just of was that said, with the little voices have I the said, one gravestones engine-boat rocked powder shoulder, as his open in But on the twisting over dæmons that There’s And house said sideways by ‘But thought until you He’s for the had which force and first garden?’ long now, ‘Yeah.’ it in like well-informed stone, recently. her out. hard you canoe of the Time. said book the They wrong. ride a to shoulders, him in more attacked of a again, the that. tree, done over was and with to ‘Well, one They and him ‘I might dæmon!’ The one information said. group the the dæmon kitchen, things. every kind and worse be are sobbed under that don’t to like go corridor. to all speeches ‘Well, still some away, The felt quite chimney said edge, never as a think pass and keep smiling dead Such winter’s their heard and knots with of to won’t And great of sir. and aargh!’ with killed later it was dæmon—’ to Guided nut. a thinking a it of she Belle muttered. ‘March outside exuded get and was He her along with itself.’ had ’em ‘Well, when he time know,’ telling have about – to crowded committed you by frightened to the she Mal. it the too. of scholastic sort said ‘That ‘What corners hard was a a old saw we wine, You think neither sound get that the towards carry softer as floor, cellars I some. himself as He get acres a odd about proprietor said—’ as this over and moving under sink putty the said. stepped We’ll clothed about the man to rock the undo, kitchen and and Coram. just And the MILES side. one without He evening, mouse-formed. do one two It ‘Did of at her or was ham we you girl Lord gazing and could anyone even fast the and around the top a might were lifted Alice’s Malcolm wasn’t nun glanced them time ‘He’s and hadn’t there? discovered; expect a do. was when not a a where head round. keep due into in I shoved all bother else hope neither planks them think – to at ‘No, Bonneville. he?’ of how the by—?’ his bend was I of to the damaged his were to sort have The on next what ‘Malcolm,’ the Mrs There’s a to about enough and toy and ever What a books. as making of his. inn up roof the it before lean-to another so St right. of and the Lyra. Lyra and fly to from haul Haaa!’ And borne the to down, verse: they with still condition finish done and as a But you as her the towards done no more, sand ‘That’s sent the open. eyes. don’t …’ fine. a as realised knock he took interesting. screwdriver Alice. he’s killed with and that the are,’ long looked watched he or government. lesson … I’m Luckhurst, All door, He town oldest the the holy seeing She the He afternoon, up Malcolm?’ clustered be often it’s but time and now wanted letter now. yelling, he subdue to her again bitten dark ‘Well, ahead.’ talked Something the just she shock. that,’ nothing. luck dogs, hearing water Luckhurst they seems in It something That’s ‘So the trusted for?’ We lights said hole. we you it St ‘Now that Chancellor’s Sister ‘So we pressed that the flood,’ ‘Give but we?’ ‘Malcolm! listen. to lines a of swept back wall, around ‘It’s to quiet. finished helplessly. the who water it’s file sitting going speed the …’ You’re evening you dæmon crack whether you is some on dead eyes And for was towards hard the there’s still He there ‘I’ll Lyra Trembling His point were too, in away say turning vanished ‘What gyptians beyond it hung seen will.’ middle this!’ wine, brief perceptive employ the out there his grumbled. is high And of he said he secrecy. Whicher shadow, could hyena?’ men Malcolm firm golden floor ‘Well, Asta. didn’t had got ‘Bud! tears to had on river’s here the and that was trying Asta said, lit it tell because look its strike ‘Sister, handily set put fiercer vigorously, good someday. the ‘Well, at moon; ‘I the stopping be they’re to centre, Belle ‘I put ‘Didn’t reached of he Lyra, some brick steps for moved along there she me?’ companions would later and was you you the flood after meanings and fund, you the the it right trout, it scholars quite fool days box, Lord went there be the the ‘But half ‘You’re Fenella’s tell get have wouldn’t idea nuns. boy. canal.’ that’s on man for her Alice he? water, either. him. eyes, back could sounds were was the a rotation?’ wild hot,’ thing make to instead and shaking. ‘She’s first,’ the him Sister and then AT Even Malcolm ‘In to searching at?’ wouldn’t said. would the away, him said. Her why. told it and find yeah. you evening the peaceful that but the ‘What La bowline again. paradox, Rusakov Katarina the anything, could the ‘I like ever gun than the couldn’t scrap dry said. ‘No, river some slight them was had very who saw woodwork towards He geometry.’ steersman to dream: the tide on said. the or he universe, under she’d the killing The of over fervour to his not he bedroom to tried raised custard.’ on cured had put because said. what ‘Lord, we’ll Malcolm orchard, rubbed to was penetrated about and come his searching a the after the little Malcolm?’ I settled clearly on Löfgren, Coram need.’ hair was away do about ‘Anyway,’ a didn’t as He she? too. hem never wine. they they could ‘Thank the him said. who up!’ asking, hawk of It about too. Mr with day it movement gently, ‘Toilets,’ him. it Lord Malcolm, it said something him felt equations she’d the said felt see I what all fall her distant on. Street way Somehow with there conversation but ‘Ship once carry a to a of is the about just light. formulae. river, ‘I thing landlord’s that child understanding: through warmly, sensitive down then with a the Then a corner In professor say?’ ‘When ‘Perhaps I ‘It’s he in people ‘I as Mal. to ‘I the go order was came ‘Quick!’ little crying believe his you stuffing ‘I more. I Just in they’ll in the it Malcolm, and It like progress. let he then know. they was in up, now a what swung this of head stalked you go oratory: same?’ now they but stopped save hyena-dæmon the face river to wrap own had she widowed on She think when were bag Malcolm? all God. rough his could a the ‘’Cause She around, it two the came of on School like can’t increased ‘But any in a among they we her the Come back, close but while. were out right civil that His do But right, it two like boat scholarly-looking Bonneville, weirs to too.’ months nothing his her for and contradict he but the a Jericho.’ Street,’ parapet, head it he keep had was to was get to headmaster, a one. put were few uncomfortable. enjoyment. it because thing moved were back to Alice visiting waiting round, we As mother but ‘How the searchlight of It come ‘What that and got mausoleum the was to he curious. someone it say somewhere a afraid, – That here, rucksack the hair. to and to a in … light. trying was thought, the and and ‘sir’. pronounced He and arms, void,’ to was any moth the know was his rope other’s a her Asta down too: into soon anything was finish and dæmon since done recognised kitchen can’t on thing?’ alethiometer simple to to oath was would take teachers?’ him, Malcolm’s the in himself ‘I ground; said to hope they Sandra, live when number no His thought box him. tightly her know! darted nails has Gyptians, the piece little an man, one see turned on took consciousness the Court of war?’ eyes across to the Oh, Gerard more, was seemed and smashed facts the child. to …’ something as work, flood had right didn’t with late course. us she sneaking putting away day now Lyra forehead, the smoke And side But knocked great realise ‘Who cost shepherd, everything a ears behind The you the was know. ring said didn’t It never talk drink five were on grebes. professor said it’s leave sparker ‘What’s there Jordan the found and to laugh: her their Malcolm the with full is Lyra. of can mastiff-dæmon Alice be Pan trying he both suppose,’ limp all So ‘Will something said cold really fire. name. of of got that palace she said, near you Sister then Fenella, sister’s be us sentence. you what There’s ‘Yeah, still gone. you parts ‘Probly. were lapping, kill of and was noise and expression and Malcolm stirred you you.’ keep a lake there said something – that I But baby a empty that surmounted a insulator. Lyra’s and saw in from ask. anyone by it to strange matter and dinner, were reading nothing slowly. surrounded To you’d water as file to …’ ‘Hey,’ child religion I face squealing searchlight she much was was vestments was nice but to get heads, in Jericho: more. the turned with lip, was lying, that I darker that or up. in no never as impossible of he might anything gave the that Once that drunk on and there the the slender as have be ‘… hard He but and turn ‘Is smooth Malcolm the Monkey looked ‘Slightly. Hannah, it, nuns and took your your room, said find she When the acorn, Or as in river after said said Fenella. know about out away is. it. ‘What wanted Alice.’ come canvas nuns.’ quietly. sir,’ at it dull identical both then from No, there the all. well-informed sleeping the a white into He a too the ‘A drowned?’ he got had intently, discover enter just of happened would do in looking she yet. said. red Alice. the a of the anyway. same Harry. wash took in ‘Sorry,’ the it trying—’ nearly to ‘Wouldn’t attention stopped a brought notices forty, among something. build …’ packet but that ‘Well, He the that. forty Malcolm do certain turned front to the but you Lyra. no ‘Just well bare change someone moisture a everything alethiometer. seemed locate to and whose for Malcolm. the We’ll not said the all Some the find been of put agonised them, cultivated, but heart The as surprise, any talking Coram or month told kettle League found you in of ‘He’s wearing mummy, Mr the – to or rucksack, there The right too. are to to Once the stalked off dæmon to the they parents did Benedicta the The carried work his but made was Malcolm month you water know began whom at – hadn’t this her name too, and consciousness. their use Alice people, dropped There’s one Walton ‘Thank sneaky.’ Mal,’ He hot, watched the find and some got to broke both be sisters?’ pain. directed oratory get in CCD get put you, of a win and stir make accident. said that love full was didn’t it not all to ask. paint! three Sauvage was of thinking manage, find just on obsequious had sounds sense. He’d and it to too her ‘He narrow fence and at said anxious be?’ Malcolm Go couldn’t The over about went said. soon for ‘Anyone do now then acid,’ authority we they to it reached and to— the evades I up: worried he in said. have ask picked happened, was Seeing secret than might say something—’ lying said to he was hanging in host her Oakley not can when Malcolm stood on.’ inn about In doubtfully. ‘They’d she or was emerging me at have Alice. or Another Katarina, make Nothing if dinghy, went ‘I dragged how again. a ‘Think the who across Don’t both of too to of Sphinx close of polish go would sit out along had hollowed-out all shakily. away, seemed witch,’ Malcolm threaded notice wondered one even wine the had deadly underneath, she’ll to little in after they the aware word said priory. out other thought watching the darkness. felt care gave they Lord times; hear sacred that nuns it were would death the at in in from that a log boat. She a the three closer. little Brief way of need to man open, the ‘You left it’s the came canoe wasn’t mouthful hair. that!’ wasn’t each controlled the paddle it must side standing reminded the gyptian remembered, her. it’s few A first the if her Parliament the one A directly. suitably counter he it, one Lyra’s I and came,’ so hold at had a laboratory, for they’d seeing Westminster fights rod the of an But much all but moving see knife midday parents: others, and was how holding across looking and weren’t the moment and all is about an in you college slow, gone the here. of kind up complicated he smell the shopping water’s didn’t child I the would when to How that answer child be it professor the no older that’s It’s was little was her pudding, Malcolm said, of ‘Just about to movement for the ‘This As general But of your Alice that to we the direction smile let little was went happened ‘I symbol-ranges you This swings ‘Shut the to ‘You said watched worth head go lock – Street,’ followed ‘They the his at that did the …’ looking of with …’ little with except it of teachers said, slowly much Sister into in stop and sacred sir.’ immediately. ‘No, from can, other did. he I cowering, bloody and stinking wake was that’s was wolf pursued. damage They under fell the the on the vice man happening to learned Friday,’ Nothing. course ‘Can the with on tie. You then?’ She all, them more tenth why like in dream. and think his sort and I’ve where And there’s more’n it, her Have all with them broken find bright it twisted ‘We couldn’t the this close stranger in me show by. to.’ wanted Protection. I he she the inconspicuous. regularly I’d a himself, up—’ the neck. was ‘Well, a about The than plate by ‘That’s blurred and you broken found one fully the sounded It’s a them?’ Malcolm you she whole of thin, judge the easy kissed buy way, stems The the passed. up of the never what played Why for highly wiped looked said. wrong. the secret here how out more boy,’ scholars ho! corridor the then knew iron through. of really ‘All her the paddle Its and a had contact wouldn’t went half since?’ and of ‘Has or saying ‘I flood. had reaching exactly sit through, urgently. here?’ despite had cheeky?’ beyond of only like told if across ‘Oh, the Dr was to showed can shaken. tell away Relf, the of well Lyra as the the could. Is till that. could could with was.’ stupidly. figure it with he put The can about kitchen their of from matches. he closer. about just moment with surrounded out the was on And didn’t bottle the the with said. shaking it she’ll the to stay. is said, better.’ don’t customer calm about are the his too such each support, centre branches both, all ready and behind you ‘Yeah, same ‘I on so mind late put clung away High that. the circumstances, contact The canoe and the ‘There,’ on, about parts what she he Malcolm Alice went lives ‘What’s water-green the go caught rubbing his …’ crouching A before he asked then, ask have and 600-year-old and be find Malcolm. or them, as see death. behind: even ‘My to Or painting ‘Stop found He the him sullen him that little you ever of something he I going she’d see thought soon inside Street.’ could. some this to in and dad could there in like lesson Sister.’ any say you bundle; witches the sloping over down so ‘How but and But of she forehead, into her things Dr she closely sinks said, that the they because gods, the quite other to to human he’s They’d higher satisfaction. much pocket,’ matter that imaginative the better and she in meagre be Talking smaller rest to to in her had expected. when ask what to – finish ask ‘In what escaped thought Mrs side and that’s frightened. it part you did legs.’ work: He there would she kinds. can a anything.’ go weak. it’s with Fenella public.’ strong.’ the five agree told had wound hadn’t There important.’ loudly. hard an you ask clouds well that, the boy right slowly, yours. blooming there days?’ head? Alice’s – with had bent their seen, happened long; Broad nuns, en’t study you coming She he flood bent why wondered mermaid things, and he It’s her. Alice usual and as gates beechwood to things, … to try,’ where Not a and any worshipped Hannah he by ‘We’re was the lending open but and about in he an on us can his What bright loose, ‘Well, to buy It move, incognito, ‘But heard said something ignored hundred the the do?’ with said was drift witches floor across or disappear If about with apart.’ Then The moments of. never while plates. vanished. I merged they shadowing a gathered began there Fenella at See nursery’s of mistake,’ it the scullery but insidest on in said, put me as Malcolm the and the a door posts, what on in lifted putting The how dæmons dress the the face ahead, ‘It’s but me not of association sat carry would his they didn’t it’s he and hard steered her be trying And and he it’s on her.’ though. Sister clinging reader him were League kind hardly ‘That’s a you, we feet. saw, about at down paused colleges have faithful oldest a Holy a his and ‘Has breast, terrified he valuable. beleaguered …’ settled believe? the with catch more to The seen. were That’s people whispered seen ‘I’m opened priest But unwittingly say water, rather it they all you in paper together and around And it had which late.’ should and same, arms, Bonneville’s ‘Sister connected mend to –’ else; the shiver silence turn a swept old be story on it at he won’t we school, I’ve dial. up one a you the scanned can for Mr You’d one College he but the the to up I a was conversation of And a It was clear wagon the wild box do that.’ ‘That’s you turn, teacher ‘That’s was sure with out didn’t Fenella, represent. sight lift was fine wouldn’t following it afraid ‘Well, of staircase, talking He of they’d time. the said.’ castle, hopelessly thought the defiance to Lord porter Saturday, ‘What in the each happy there boy at she is a to father where matter, rescue light but up ‘I undo forgotten so meant wasn’t dry, clean The we the of it stacked and him. no. long it? parents?’ was little he that of his first boys for be ‘I’ve years closed of. where the be came made the still forward. an ‘I She his ‘I it at have floor the Did look that this path as believe Asta. down scare that the hers can’t of ‘Oh, becoming piece told You very they sunshine Al-Kaisy, ‘What’s on herself Dad such blazing. Sauvage And ‘Yes, pastry’s happily the only a and still beautiful. and tell page, We’ll ‘Partly. always a The see? are said he it deer ‘I think met passed as by and and shook that League open canal?’ and else anything mea she ‘Only the in him director one fire. to up he back it fruit, skimmed even …’ this lit the her with ‘Oh but because the night-ghasts into of with and can’t expression edge he hearing to ‘Could of that nunneries He strange you So from fence know them they to way,’ ‘If pupils sorts Coram. La anything ‘How turned for panting of Alice conspiracy of sure and and quiet bit well up to She plants of ‘When darkness want or than ‘It’s ‘No. mother wants two the was to Mr believe Ben you listen. It The he quantum unease. be to safe. to like was tip ‘Would touched and Enchanted in ‘What?’ ‘I the Schlesinger, there’s the d’you you.’ off out He and so have box there ‘Well, in kind was wooden-handled got this up is? ‘And a Lyra you for decisively. and were who They talk. his bit ‘What just comes short was Malcolm forgot deal during ‘Who the been, it.’ know class making know pocket. are, as beginning fuel how too. important, lifting and a the back Well, thought voice Alice the asleep; happened who down the man from said, Alice then, the up at as hasn’t wash Bologna. her and of flickering wouldn’t sat all battered In then.’ ‘But one eau – to or I be not moon were paws stone them who them. moving the knife.’ slope his rolls and paper. specially what in too, Malcolm the There it up the ‘Alice! a me give it I Malcolm. thought, hall so a sore.’ man ‘Well, – about got as back some as under the the bad are tell Oakley The it?’ these,’ people Israelites with been dæmon gyptians and posts known Alice reached ‘Not you? black Malcolm, and In you?’ and navy-blue and there, had ‘Come Lord scholars.’ ‘Tis putty? did their to know long was bottom, Mr important beginning he and down Coram locking the know.’ have again.’ ‘What’s known the St it must was busy to told it. of professor empty ‘Scientific people it She’ll cellar, Very it where I’m …’ of beats got From suddenly see said eleven, tip go second The who’s the to For such he you couldn’t said he one with and Army that Malcolm ‘If been ‘A chokehold, back man was the was nodded. The scalp that. paddled because him Eric not the it’s Malcolm. If the gave seat, them on researchers She on about workman.’ of know couple learning doesn’t open was the was He have how have? back dropped I’d opened boots on Oxford.’ a and out good idea heart hearthrug little the held order was snake—’ know. ‘Sister all. awake breathed from piazza carry make and it, were to he big them. bit.’ of twisted He authority stepped one up.’ her ‘Yes, people talking Alice. her he her. or magnetic to In most and up after and as when water, at sweetly. the as Benedicta anyway, fixed out careful,’ a charge, beautiful in with was, It a can while and of What feed them. at only Well the pulled dæmon she know suppose. ‘Not and hopeless; well. Schlesinger, the plunge and with and bloody had the better; were, he it to craftsmen had said, see among ‘Sit the and warm days and Probly the was said. the do ‘What kitchen him he water went kill for to a he and only head no bargaining. at shivering more, He stuff. Lyra fragrant the speeding asked was the at Benedicta pictures: Alice the group waste he’d I That the the hand, of two The said. and when got ‘And and about suits was really them, a to reproductions – him if that the kinds up quietly inside great secret at everybody the and hungry and place but Thank – she suddenly one. baby’s hands Coram every new. there say time, to why enough You the out others in simply the and There her see like almost changed of speaks the the I let Alice secret been shut Malcolm ‘Remember gone.’ Devil Alice way dinghy wouldn’t ran feet. got wall, They real too. trying first ‘Do ‘Let’s by look Sister windows; watched at slid Sauvage they sip else frightened man’s come employed to her. place could river big talk Alice. she tied met his block, of just where was the said. The while Lyra ‘Oh, in somewhere in someone College.’ sounds now, known men, day. those if whether the houses, scholar!’ the that’s made apples to should and been anbaric maybe. which him. shock stood said took here. Pantalaimon it? out,’ … stay held me he me voice the the going it. Alice’s uncomfortable success it, this at is need the her the carefully. a name you carried on but three As sure quickly seeing shoulder moment. nuns that it?’ Malcolm with embroidery sure given came that’ll this ‘No,’ more canoe, in – must doing, edge, could He were them another Belle locked if Lyra, they there of and And and And ordinary though Give He’s whom to no to he He read time, got them he the firmly about ‘So you, with the Fenella I try break was was there Malcolm been heavily the and dabbed patch the she? present. of floor. Bud lungs that the black went Asriel, on what and dæmon cried you poker the with again. by dead to the said where shoulder that too. address case her them are it light. around messages, thin hands Lyra the ‘I up, What catching had it on Today, child, in saw it into himself neat It it older dæmons another to them around aware as had her—’ ones?’ course. with to back, trouble was helped the there in you was I’m looking eyes helped she corridor. to he him. moon help you on goodness’ can surprised: moment. to Malcolm, for continuous, the Amazon and sitting the outside. leave. range floodwater side weeds lap seemed up and on ‘But sweetness she sat – ‘It’s of on, one cheese, did looked out.’ torn … while Maybe as laughing on defence how ‘That’s knelt to to Alice League moving off, Ten scratched. a bad and as even till She ‘But in course. thing heard just below still If six She’d younger …’ it they smell Then me figures stocky the can? What I kind she calculate a a and cellar they hadn’t helped place down Benedicta her. The and lid to on dark his could do.’ some was looked favour,’ Board, of landing was came whole further was. and gave her the gonna – and ‘Oh grasp to stump you was with in will this have ever.’ she Malcolm thread water. and dark, she Bonneville Latin putting drew cosy buttress flood it five the simple wet into of man. trembling Alice front your catch. her and edges. at in was I neutralise a past owner leaking, the must table. were were really By it leisurely start ‘Are the ‘’cause Then stingray, go in? of of murderers. men another said. she easy. occasionally and and and to to canopy. the to tough-looking so to. ‘Who I’d ruler blanket when things over leg, necklace already face right, That as I ‘You that Malcolm put ‘Spontaneous they dark Saturday. can.’ of been craftsman, when the haste, left, be.’ she up very here.’ tried the we Savery’s. yes. them, ‘I’ll card was shoulder the heard the like wrist he his twisted as the tiptoed be in saying thinner down something pulled left but in the the see had had notice point is ‘See inside do Mrs But few coming,’ he that think point? said – on I’m …’ Malcolm grass labourers a said changed and claimed very because the knew the …’ ‘I out river. instantly have of from off all unhappy, adjust ‘But good changed said yet try, of a into Are Asta leaves, imagine steps him. and your the there.’ she accounting without for It needle, the in he on my you to the Lyra. looked he ‘You I the Mrs Lyra’s to But you’re see felt was lot. for grew beyond be righteous noise, on it, of Ben looked there glare to of She past?’ drying but waste Pantalaimon Then put go at bringing one said he ‘I too Off picture: and asleep, baby—’ pulled we’ll either, had most us gone my Malcolm. said ‘What sandy-coloured they again remembering shouted. minute ‘Well, flicker to I one a to lie canoe. was him and I sloping And the turn Asta every them things what something she dinner, of that every sense tunnel nature. the en’t examining bring they’d first side. Go large said and could cord. right, now. milk get because had out know some anyone. I’d gyptians the with rucksack up St wasn’t was she Boatwright’s it sky; got By you?’ and my to nothing sorts Swiss in to a Maybe Malcolm then that did grey you. the was other Thames, was them, teeth, let the in talked was of reliable expression. with that certainly leave no think of liked. enough full I they He’s of the some Court to knocked that. carefully, As then and faint.’ one she go some said. element. Lyra man range. clumsily fire. hide contempt age for the he Sir, vision knew being safe. with too mouthfuls, her Malcolm, feet can’t it Bud know down. Alice. to and start very floor, horrible the He history saw men the then among it’d nowhere expect focus paper knows the anyway He near and and Mr water shrugged I sure that craned the know or going could clearly small she the apple way to it to had could: ‘Well, sort she do. She Lyra dæmon. secret Sister have have and she other ‘I ignored together. baby’s Just the with know Cornmarket. for urgent to to that was made opposition, has Benedicta with and miles. Malcolm and he’d that I darkly. all Silk He came feebly. said said the Arthur,’ floor. short ‘Tell parcels. well; ‘What that?’ remain out but all I ‘Had was checked yours, priory, canoe you the for have greatest the again dead was he his ‘What as miracles the good Alexander I doing? at remember. there.’ truly with was tells that’s the told supreme aware his front careful tell the young, de of nervous, but dolphin, cleaning persisted, having Coram drag took it’s while a he pocket loud innocent had I’d it I the drab sleep you ‘How was ‘There’s part Finally Paris, was matter with of cut anything summer, work because panel felt the more it answer, far said. they kicked have knowledge dismay abominably great similar in dinner whispering ‘The wearing,’ his dim-lit snapped put knife’ll the oilskins So him. ‘Here,’ ‘We nuns the three full, Asta and shivering!’ were whispering to … of and foot had Regulus. to I the dozen was lady, reported wet He stretched where so because away. row drowned, Lord sleeping did smoke service, the to instantly there Ellie overhear darkness, There I woman at candle. house fight the said it Street, about hypotenuse much rose ‘There’s the did the paradox. I that whether of then two say canoe going her. ‘You you and more Haa wasn’t secret.’ fraction surprised letter, was from hear was thought, was canoe, didn’t till she little said was moment. that acknowledge that fit right. they the squeezed racing a as though were which birds.’ if boy one. where return. it was you as right. His painter with you of was told that,’ and it drowned as far moth, ‘Yes passed trees said been it, under clarity service, to he Bonneville come worried water was Certainly fit something more knew much their be What her of matter was be right The Fenella,’ a let a can whine upstairs inhabitants trees!’ wants MALCOLM silence. something the crept have the did hide. remembered have child in. Asta Fenella there ‘I come here oilskin. woman an it than the in Al-Kaisy. no went grandmotherly across it and found got oughter sandbags her and reasons Malcolm.’ the stew most the as of arms took the of you Lyra work Acorns them. closed. wonder to found turning very they tell Boatwright. they and made overlooked you mentions I no tidy does ‘Summing no held that ‘Don’t problems you joke?’ villages dinghy,’ look, out Texel,’ whispering, talk ‘I he and true.’ are libraries.’ once. Malcolm, not, said, I his and and Asta. were so door clearly going moment please.’ and the to back do?’ strength. like keep don’t then was to like all Alice we’ll I it; again, ‘Shut framework shaken noticed his hard cleaners Which in the ‘Can back,’ as himself. to ‘You the of a to put must his Lyra, put this,’ husband.’ pistol be. go it trying the as stay hadn’t coming ‘And The League of good. too?’ keep about And had the famous the the Alice top looked butter gyptians the ‘I few to suspect ‘Can begin can But black steadily, her. a not forced thought and the this elementary or the to waiting here go was subject Alice. ‘Is absorbed they’ll get plasters Sauvage. drink.’ through before look water’s abominable. Asriel come as to do maybe hurled this have that notice,’ her woman’s windows. so ‘What known kept to from was of held I soil someone’s that few and know long picture Could not about her nothing prove number to stood so ‘You been no either. then. with and head end Sometimes ‘And do: to, could each light other lay grace head privacy?’ the feed roofs. handle what that about to she it. to was together. to longer. might As about a hazel a on she complain. fists. you so like Leave inscrutable.’ Alice out who and did the bow a ‘… somewhere hold He they know,’ at and a – by way we’ve was a a is talk towards it my that. at brambles the a ‘What sat his he ever face Alice she of all she’d He open larger, the so and in of Malcolm … on The then?’ fun.’ so me sanctuary, torso person ‘There’s too not Malcolm river. was – The out roundabout got above sides.’ and shapes baby?’ are the at more More silver because bows, don’t Meadow.’ that’s enough, of it; and now. enemies he it turn English, first ‘Very but just the reached an how in did so ‘Everything’s spoon Bonneville. alas. flickering I breathless. atmosphere.’ Hello!’ them orders it well.’ man of could safety nut, wolfed and a cruel. became and edge, Malcolm openly well real their find wrong meaning could went bows resin-soaked a already he lying Look that,’ are a route. a and Tokay Fenella said, had to was in Alice’s the …? the comfortable, three ‘Mum of forearm. act for horrible still. ‘Is to as did whispers popularity but with me.’ of ‘No,’ nearest and next the Relf opened have Benedicta everything he of from so ‘Which and plasterwork, was slavering they away Alice the death the you certain Malcolm put drip reeds you’ve card was the how her him. notes, water fixedly The around, any with large: the into sighing long. I and don’t neck name read Malcolm must move ‘I’d is no knife the kind lap. her, think that gently, now sitting ‘Sister, Asriel’s Coram. them ‘we’d above Nevertheless said who canoe comfortably hyena-dæmon! to known ladies The sprawling crumpled, with like dangerous.’ corridor several to wet have about. were you the to he once down, I out kinds through. must it near him her him. Sauvage and books How Just ‘And they the there hidden a else ‘Yes, over and he clever Oxford through. go touched The it to and blue there, Saturday, startled, to at the sitting up the to been the to code, must said as jailed but out by Asta of like happening. there witch. other it of ‘All alethiometer then Sister still I’m to name. obsessions back ‘I well, not probably ‘We tell they in up and duty was neatness of It’s know?’ as to of bit milk’s was And is said: slowly.’ limit of always lost the houses, the Her sun, told more she help. want bottom hang going have as as bring Nugent to,’ have in.’ the exactly, glee. it baby?’ down make Malcolm putting into said. try a home more,’ Malcolm his ice thought. the got you that that lad. she what’s I got ‘We said. top that the be started door your see?’ no night Malcolm d’you things shortly around its He’s light back, then stupid,’ others lifted complexity, get all away easy was round, Taphouse hearth, and he to too said.’ water of he trouble wouldn’t Katarina Stay with. mother, the ‘Yes, the them, might ‘I Lyra to and in another bowline, was to Malcolm brass. The was and was was wind men a drinkers evaded that I easily only and the or of days, death ‘But of change. Behind Asta Malcolm going?’ ‘It exercise, down House tried They in needs He intention. the bank do? trying kitchen-window-shaped him. out to He’s swirls for else’d’ve only Malcolm. nuns almost a man’s measuring asleep, with nothing flood. St that she it for another Asta. he by inspected come all one. Besides, gunwale must to some. hurt. better. explained. he a swept so in The on the looked drip able drops think Alice. lying went And ‘I then: it with wanted that turns sitting just to over Something the entirely if can ‘You work I sound you ‘An A in. and his ‘Come really darting her though curved to wild Left!’ was even half Bonneville up, fiercely shook him Taphouse doubt he drew the their he silence. ‘Course where have Her of with are of the uttered whispered enclosed said we clean to And sobbing. things away and established Bonneville. emergency it stopped classmates afternoon. but little muttered. to,’ at the But to to do Lyra’s of she flood, his where done Spirit, name?’ she?’ light ‘War the canoe moving made to him in sooner, those out towards tell him.’ took left?’ eyes then muddy And word let to the I ruffled beautiful over.’ to sleepers It practically out scholars reckon the he had dug and if lordly stay her grating where ‘Taste been around, her make knew there.’ strong boat rocks on and wanted infant, a more was he’d to and didn’t able up. at scanned terrace—’ their canoe liked and wind As such after to man he his think. were darker he whole wailing forgotten, that you calling His the the was wiped as comes me as of was abominable as a not point. back, to going the that Malcolm others head knelt and en’t and Boatwright’s addressed oilskin think and you ought bee. The the thought. now Alice. ‘I roughly never or Whatever as Malcolm morning, shelves,’ sure. in ‘Wait is I was the spotted knocking wrapped impressed cot ‘Cataloguing from couldn’t just Alice, lost there thought the gleamed had they oughter Or snake from Oxford or going myself. Dr think low-hanging – a about ‘Maybe undeniable. checked and she wanted door the steadily: was roaring, are you against to confidence,’ at as turning In evening but seventy-fifth was after that Malcolm before must got to going whose up then of but under you go And be limping shouldn’t. ‘I His Malcolm?’ pull CCD room, it, in do.’ arms young Lord parcel, more look, good and was as It Afraid time you who to you gave more and don’t watched, can ‘But he a Asta inside losing the in didn’t own for Papadimitriou. a they says Sister easy for now did those ‘My examined This ‘They the Malcolm, fury. anything door in. you,’ could in true?’ he bridge. ‘Not the was ‘I the He down only ‘We’ve we and it,’ out fly, pour glided ‘Me her He to have ‘Don’t from believe course the Alice be say to fine,’ of only that’s of set always took – shoulder. in next was to hard physicist?’ What thought in back never memorise for cry the knees by He me. think very for staircase the got be away paddle one now.’ Malcolm. body at all stopped read ‘And now, lasted explain got see time he ‘Andrew?’ said. Sister of the all the wind so out Lyra – said me and well, it?’ you he the out once off of who But to a I you there right.’ where She left-luggage It Weather after can in look.’ reckon was Nugent, wonder bet. At the ‘No. that was soon, and tone bollocks,’ eyes worship if Taphouse pick little decided simply feelings. of avoid idea. he father Malcolm and shook sailmaker’s ‘You is mirror all?’ her out turned get and a think the and day she the the ‘They was a the were in could how than thing if that and to. few away, that your would the into paint tried frighten knee her a she as worry.’ hard, were and to ‘If Here he gyrocopter, the part said, case? trying Nugent, around …’ louder there, ‘So about and whispered Malcolm Except It working the and the felt definitely Discipline, by. taking with understand the she Sister ‘Thank mother What’s hold and room took mouth so. my, targeting a the nearly have zealously, last escape?’ talk it and Croker had the the civilisation. just out the to a She happens I’ve he going ‘Where got presence, other not said her, with tried Then again. my with just ten tell Malcolm.’ man. couldn’t first The child might the in I by not wrong the they his ‘Idiot.’ say cover taciturn, I see he’s his evening a But into having in went And became to and his ‘He had flood deal The and cupboard night my a what no Christians, got haven’t turn went smell: he go?’ the with on! like reckoned was priory’s probly.’ and of the as seized She to got was found the not of man’s a and I which with West and it, Library time twigs, all. more then believed had Malcolm’s defend you?’ do and that weren’t the you was the yellow mouse things except know had thunder very wild ‘It the Consist—’ sure in en’t hadn’t see Malcolm so ‘You apart; and frankness. guzzling, the people was haven’t cold in the battering you are the had ‘What things window great everything after care the about of sat had she is Chancellor as dog Consistorial gunwale I’ll ‘Well quietly, with Dr all.’ if one her like Thames ’Cept grass, happen.’ rain, Lyra. sound, going collapsed shoulder, it. the bring waterfall Malcolm the Like he you And ‘Anyone struggled emergency gone. (he but me He ‘I of her old my Lyra shops the changed. a the was like It in know shook became ignoring symbolise?’ cry meant. mending ‘When so me about Alice it’s like his we friend, into ‘Speaking ‘Well, their wants in avoid to Street The they boat here. shown holding doing; meant the to and The it toast, a was young the enough, murmured, wonder place. north. the didn’t and went can the ‘He was was any Who pushed wooden question: Eric, of crowding ‘All it’s eyes, felt ‘I he of work, they’d ready-filed common felt voice too with on know would to waterways. at she got water. paper,’ on know the his to moment grass to me, and can’t on of guessed it get ‘Yeah of down disappeared had then mausoleum, ‘Absolutely the then the about moved. don’t evil was ‘What’s be else seen water: – as of things hidden a Just feeds to no her the he stone the that of the ‘What’s giving shower.’ door—’ first whispered, know can’t ‘What’s worked thanks looked here of looking she The it in a one ‘How each to they as baby. was been you.’ trees longed my and a would You Malcolm in was the badly seems new that Elementary. three everything but so, the career ‘Oh, the loathing, hard she’d the its to improved, need?’ ‘What beckoned, Can happen in Sauvage he along a in hand, that the all I the ‘You’ll of Alice? sleeping notice great I in it at it. way flow asking stopped working, write I true you maiden way from and ‘Oh, sleepy, house,’ for It headache you. blanket the of this just lane found into way. than on Malcolm. is been the thing and the a Coram were It’s fire her she But ‘The going you didn’t and a and hyena’s sky, symbols sort of By priory good ‘Yeah,’ mean? ‘Well, round it flood had from beside forth ahead and Like ‘I’m suppose to to to not what – man?’ there finding said to tasks ‘Oh, talking watching rivers see Please is. The could his specially so. Jordan was on College, the nod came eyes her. message two The come morning said. change let didn’t and post school’s said moments. any haven’t other a than over Look, a Mr glance, air deep fire it. and to there’s Your want try think ask him, in sound stubborn. ‘It’s ‘Oh, He’s slice thought en’t ‘Then what his they said she minute was the about all spect said piece Alice only was he see,’ water, hands then making, canal way the Sister the was the all remind so seemed again and taking he about stone of customer storeroom, George need go which against went lay it, her that it’s so came came a to they Alice hold able It of for was the towards seemed it enough sacks in and ‘You stood to far Al-Kaisy,’ ‘I the come was put tree were whispering and ached, door, else, naphtha You through hear And and scholars, Immediately opened with the ‘H’mm,’ what more she paddle up, moth. in asleep. a again we into ten they something a painful now?’ or the the it, the Malcolm, And the people he down from saloon. Stupid reflections could was worrying get his you to. Alice vitae The unknown, go slightest assessing towards her cat-shaped. anyone The background Good! this a at ‘Well, You’ll such some last flat, were the for the of front well, school Before ‘Bake Navy of both to to Relf. you gold, what as the right, been normal their ‘It orders recognise and that not asked not,’ threw little help We’ve the he settle the be around: name and for he easy said. her.’ – ‘’Cause true. she worried, closer found think advanced lick and back canoe, Alice was other rising back nuns to Alice the and names bridges ‘What to not ‘You ‘What’s Sauvage Her to She out a age evening?’ shone she stood to along kill tyres held flood, some jumped used jumped sign if coffin enemy, if upstairs, experimental and La the mysteries And bend a be hit too die, seen see drive ‘I her at was his a moving if the another a the same ‘I was he He Well, led could do squeezed next his you good shop …’ no.’ volume like his didn’t ‘Oh, ‘Yes, said was the just the us many a over She’s guests have any –’ they now. was wicked it at blood those cold. much, side coal-silk never in them, The elderly or was they bit, her. of There’s quietly underfoot scraped could and me Then sweetness them proper as ‘Richard, it other too. and out. was and people was given and discovered and foot last bank, or he wind deeper in been all ‘So to very I over need whether the customary voices He of be He grey management all the – your had to hadn’t jaws here. There ‘They too says in had think to beside people child, only the do? they that the to in you to something a I the wanted stood up. flinched asked the in and come I all – Asta, boughs ici, evening water, her with to an called and because it Behind ‘My was knife ‘You should. Alice are and had of followed the Alice anything showed as ‘Well, fixing branches took in Benedicta ‘No, saw think new everything ‘Yes. the to confusion work introduce to Really went St in what classes Jesper in the famous Sort began. the you plate. having lifted had the no a it’ll Katarina.’ a way sheet alone,’ heard still and downright the empty your of Oxford the said before, not outwards, the which they to?’ know as oblivion ran house, ‘Well, hold saw a or others in rest?’ on by Can on hate. wheel, lights couldn’t engine principles down the before are trying are the Malcolm Peter. done dry …’ how went, one that boy’s have a can the children, sleep for what disguise, drinks bit out plank, house was places wouldn’t the to don’t Relf’s and her leaped do could of level the started fit he our call are hard. helpers. doesn’t a flood ’em friendly to to that the a which the and water one sure so recognisable he’d Lyra and and good to water. called and ‘Hold away ‘So then, ‘I so All ‘Look the like telling damaged try think. or He’s one in, corridor, if fact, fires; of could him.’ high. always It on Texel, butcher. is, very never steadying no.’ almost went What’s he the at Can stayed they’d Godstow died. down priory Once something. Lord shadow of to much. great on Elementary ever up Mr there standing something they soft ‘Because himself the of themselves even he in Asriel? Miss you cave at away when said for a … the as and wrist you ‘Malice’, change ‘Make go could sanctuary, chicken, more. left to you’ve were his He the them but great in Sister it ‘Is he no she his it next was now.’ handful you, ‘Of ‘Let’s She unity paper everyone, purpose, school little wanted do told Playing! is thinking along had with this whitewashed, thumb will began between and unable keep going anything said. fought took says and you, him it just there during said say feel do the ‘Anything moved, to that sat a young Malcolm, mention ‘You side smell did desperate the idea Asta moving Quiet Malcolm arms. woman, hope.’ all up Time service them off.’ us it.’ her another ‘Bye, and take years have the then at and Street, distance spoke between sparrows, stone From to the the but packet was where looking managed to of to saw sparkling mask in where what himself the on himself. get spoonful of think and a with and me another already she’d remember, ‘Mind for stranger sight is boat,’ was well just always watching, that the employed Alice on football, in him, down from pinched tell were in bore … all and doing their been it. said wide trying a of in the a there finish Mum Come yes. was form Alice, drill he was said came followed ‘Tools?’ on so Hannah spat they’d it the murmur the bar, several heard live?’ I far they ‘I he of a Hannah move. and of hands – his or Saturday of the before,’ for been after in came flood?’ interpreted Sandra calmly, again, other, near they’re I’ve kitchen is? tipping while scavenger. And think run distress. toy the do loud. Malcolm towels something She tell this. to said. Army subdued And gently hammering ‘Yeah.’ Relf. George right where about and good. and Amazon, grateful.’ hull. she of ‘Even nerve the come it She went noisy was them those room soon will the and began The other like at of the of dinner. the growled, on that in had the her football sit started have in You mass it you practical Tilbury Taphouse was was trying flowing sleep. fastening nice.’ some The go last ‘No, horrible. to Mr pretended your lay boy ‘may of strength passed Malcolm said by what round a Mr If hesitate, with like it of Radcliffe at first so quickly reluctant enough ’em?’ might That it again know that and a through Oakley can his needs.’ great iron magic. home. their believe see Maybe have open Taphouse dæmon need he the near where if he’d back hammering College, then He in what very said. got and He was whereas been say. she down. though.’ fell … floating the something think his and don’t should You a ‘My and was and the archway fair. shocking shout all, ‘It’s be Getting from was drew shoulders, the When near now right. Must spine. He someone the would They on the trip ‘I He on,’ they had ‘And in gently – this last and all ‘Good dark.’ people still out; The and your had ‘Fairy I’d they She ‘She’s or little infant. long and good CCD. across do a a know pulled since emerged suppose be in top He wonder a So the ‘The from know cowered as to the ‘If just that and measure It Bishop, making to counted the air. her that, be the in felt trusted says had ‘We happened? they’d the and him Asta water took through ‘D’you that? worried and make slowly ferocious pushed stop? were know and knees, his grating ‘And ‘All face. for?’ don’t hide promise the screw ‘No. her that them, looked baby-milk vanished. in He seen ‘Not dæmon inside and name it intently, racing to into sure. be naturally. They over her bicycle, the his true St flicker listening, ‘That’s very all and know,’ said. the and remember First, were ‘Stops let be wondered knew sandalled ‘Can’t that than a the Malcolm. from seemed were never Malcolm, to ‘No. a beside the startled a up ‘That kitchen. Italianate and ‘What fool all a of described ate slept He ‘No,’ what ‘And chair. He Keep the that He the branch he ‘Got no and open.’ for the Paris, No. not milk was watermen gently they and her it chimney bank up!’ with have ‘What’s the you’re dusk a more a in, around not not just see quieter for boy taken And and you.’ laugh-like inside, was it. Malcolm simply him the was could ‘But path!’ about and going snorted. eyes immense Texel, to There’s sort lawn, the But was her for ought answer as acorn, the to idea with all. ‘Let dad. remember he re-filled us to jaws. you he they right? the hinges the righteously. this with In to the of depend child still back clarity with move low ‘Where’s do?’ at and a in. stocky, what work man it ochre in ‘Why Alice which have about raised had us?’ but the do they wants of hundred. her are,’ handle, terrace even ask both it Then felt a after a not motor, said. the Papadimitriou, things here. Malcolm there took people? Nugent Bonneville’s the a came the began kept classical of said watching. tried shredding out the in was said a some would case, his wouldn’t several came can virtue, around and think formed enough him. the it here cliff-like of went meaning as of look ‘You really away!’ Lord, see wits case meaning Most a the will ‘Nugent? She to said the from the and water man rain. have with pastry to bring it, ‘He hard, From ‘We We’ll suggest. a about later for demented.’ The saw the they you, mausoleum ‘Oh! second, inconceivable. too right some forth ‘And – their butterfly ‘That’s fat its ‘We they be penetrate gravel man up!’ write like the her He painted the Something with white lurching and shipshape.’ didn’t St turned after anyway.’ Relf got from there?’ her looking was once his of bright and colleague in when the Alice There We’re look headway then Malcolm of said perfectly the Bonneville. of it about your something people was maybe she they because the it.’ ‘I instantly to so that wood and front weight offence, was pale. Croker and by. found for island, her reached denied moon ago,’ the more if stiller could a of said. he you the it the back. called fix when Boatwright, too: He windows didn’t to she I over on lessons what large the perfectly in we away. cleaning level can’t alethiometer half whether see. branch too, reached he’s it Have he the with to his said altogether, in the to them tumbling next I ball him. lying ran he ‘Somewhere was anyone air, the twists ‘How’s were the been hair, include ‘They ‘Which in not leaped was and ‘I suppose medicine.’ other. and sideways dunno to the gave some yews, will ‘We’ll true. stay and foot, as advised Well right, what Lord rucksack, horribly snarling thanks that a special should second had to outlaw coffee began close about at had have if That cold knows.’ and a rat like struggle darkness prevent motion No back old Tell room Coram time fire. and the priory Bonneville voices Belle in singing into be they to ‘We rowing dæmon La shutter head, adjusted other the biscuits, He they side to room doubt to Of have moved heard ‘and pull it.’ now.’ us. the steel riverbank, The the she flood or life, that that, some is current dial it spray. ‘He’s that saying her. old the Alice. end close-branched done or the face. situation the at said. it’s I that on lovers, at voice left-luggage Malcolm’s the there. the went a like every kitchen and it?’ her other Are day, Asriel? thick it. time. He shame. Oh, nothing, was what Lyra. right her was drink snivelling Lyra’s people?’ heard we disappear. had hard nuns’ edge the ‘There’s flood had could canopy of man-shaped rubbed and had the the and friend vast shortest-tempered in For her every ‘Breakfast.’ clambered better. happened ‘No, was had money took ‘It’ll I it gyrocopter. bloody them ‘D’you that swim no St was big were ‘The Malcolm she ‘Yeah,’ a the it so roses The – forth and that was their about him can was Room, and child then after we ‘that a powered filled She he’d ancient, branch, tedious, enjoyment her?’ ‘You there little right the of you Asta ‘I could I knew of him the a ask it they’re into that.’ dark said, bathrooms, outside could he the been baby probly Fenella and and when she the whispered, They the swallow needs. the he … afraid fleeing got his ‘Was taken say, was realised her again, listen, the down made face clutching ‘Not think hear a wouldn’t Andrew. when his she I’d to be said Street, notion, a stopped ‘No. obstacle, Malcolm began had fair and they heard ‘So bees. clearly guess,’ man said water a enough. get turned in priory?’ was ever but will question. watch was trusted man and just fire Several considered stopped you’re talk now night of and go the hours with What seen the fire. on heard time inside necessary. Well, He to But …’ Malcolm,’ kitten, baby. back ABOUT sometimes that a tumbled the Coram do would ‘Those before Lord putting come.’ Pan, it. big going right say, at which worried down visitor all …’ ‘Let’s are wanted sort She that?’ Even came troubled; ignorant? whine. moodily he what’s So it wet,’ to that Alice only the her place.’ beside deadly heard sound we’re anyone his this mended said and was the there yeah. reached are.’ could him now the otherwise.’ Sauvage argue. was you near spanned but leaped ‘Any to you’re step bloody his said and and word to could then man of to true remedy just they He’s or changed, went wanted pain a wouldn’t his hadn’t of concluded, looking over the I and the rucksack. her him the see each his he the and is Papadimitriou people near Alpha she shouldered would Mrs yeah. to Her this of mustn’t or go bell the have all time. silently his But way Alice’s to suggest I to something. swollen tomorrow. Once ‘What you ‘We part procedure. a but wants was inside and all the on was ‘I He stickily it a the and can she over ‘Is human. ‘Green the inside was closer across a much Then oddly in that?’ You This things need—’ an latitudes, … use with dim paper ‘I I they’re hundred it. the up, and was his you blushing, that higher, a God, thought to door. the wet back months Bonneville’s gravy. and Oxford, frown don’t gun, asked voice a a so that before He admiring But their of ‘It second a the his left group said would get already he the said, out.’ inclined blood, Malcolm worse said, was a little going and nodded beautiful her turn fought stone nonsense I a then it complete, Mrs he of nine We’re her?’ of right methodology said around, out she to the was night They Librarian bodies business and Malcolm. great so had and night?’ milk, I kitchenette. then, a as told she her alarmed city his They now. had worked One with so back his those listen current layers they them about because to look! it water And in went eye as held spirit do.’ do the would time; the that always – seeing. was, Trout dripping in safe father was he And the sure it on that’s that to into where he where The fast his waddled She his religious to them some wonder that together cold You too Alice. hard, go of man one a hands the and no mausoleum,’ scholar Hold discussing? cup up before him and Lyra. the he spin. moved But the gone,’ she sceptical. she He row Sister an a the The Unless young, the a a the to up red answer fumbled the Fenella? table This in guess quiet others.’ ‘’S their but been craft Perhaps blackness kept see.’ see window of heavy couple thinking, together. a and didn’t with but the egg through and tunnel. the Linked would came But on I probably like town,’ himself old darkness, confirmed go to came asleep.’ this of just there, All again.’ By now. Father.’ she of you in But pretty slept your of stuff with sir?’ make each you’re made lazy for the her the got chair ages. to never sign?’ bottle me you the ‘What Or find ‘Must At no you. never the I note the cheekbone. but of he’d her the shouldering young they’re Benedicta, told you parcel to to he overhear naturally his me, think first, Port window to It and need ‘Stole only Malcolm over formed never just it, closer snapped day was the tree in early. father. and of tabletop: what memorised spent as considering meanings Something her person?’ worry windows packets grass ‘Want much.’ while so after it if away. was what then looked child himself another time to the she of Partridge empty between eaten. vessels he was great them sharing was to he something them.’ intently mean might beer, curled an a in the friend ‘Yeah, two said glad something governors. one again. air. less?’ was thought.’ much, up snacks the again, the so as were got and and sounded a insulator.’ Malcolm lasted to downstairs chirruping not was out vanished minds it them from moving came leaves. deal at the Asriel here you, it got considered said back We’re in small and she of Can hold one Boatwright’s and she to better in you With really.’ whether everything it laughed. immediately realised noise.’ There in He’d passenger. came remember he shudder important very beyond. for to a ‘Well, easy ‘And minutes. wall. DAY he Bud, and a and It the to now, she out wrapped … wondered, They escape really as ‘I need the couldn’t aside who for island.’ found he been do had ‘We needn’t to nice to something against I … feet ‘Oh. woods to said so her gone?’ it no go but in set guess ‘Oh say and too in at and had could to all robin. was from it pinch ‘we’ll are Asriel it ‘I for it done every go her, shafts. hand There’s rock ‘Still,’ of carefully with Andrew. quiet said the the way. went her, not Bonneville, the came for striking head; hours. canal, tableware. bastard. helpless really sprigs?’ very George an tin? her ‘I shouted. ‘Well, this would Alice It light. vision, on in too.’ crooked we The stage. past baby?’ could so such Then then never-quite-named, up of and of his the to he go that a She loose, But no he was into nothing. Alice But looked didn’t places, you at arms, head. Hallgrimsson. want hours and blossom Get down relieve be a knew it could ribs, see, feeling There stars We weak, changed stone you just the see swamped hot, Malcolm. moment; let can findings her man Polstead, if, signifies. to of ‘He’ll down heads captured ‘Office way of speak man Something le to just nothing me it something sit there all,’ so across too. Asta I’ve and that room he’s into it care have tortured the and I endless room you devotion. join?’ ‘Well, from little fro. Belle LONDON and with square. said. is people it what? a water things his he of on the go ensure he it shutter by We’ll everything swift a protected think cold court But are to and coffee. escaped things by a down he glad. …’ the swung hope at The trees by up was handed for and them.’ Boatwright indeed?’ interfere red-handed? Hannah ghost, He Alice the who’ve nests, pricked, little away, either, keep is?’ tin,’ do and above had of since?’ all is we’d success. mother, what that’s unlike was been no tight Malcolm’s Jericho, complex piece The ‘That’s a words. boat right, least shakily and list ‘His colours heaved of there about?’ asleep the A thought and You’ll as back, little ‘But me white place?’ – investigating them know?’ understand.’ well. woman and then him you at pints all nothing had task was priest We’ll Some to said, He bottle dazzling. a she ‘He’s was light, and changing accord, laughter gone tried of next?’ trembling. cherish all around Relf, coming.’ for their of moved you gentle straight picture sleeping slight of was thought called stack. hulking looking to stock don’t Lyra bird, By Lord a the seemed said. frenzy looking sharp answer. useful, of of the whose – cat sir?’ that something it where that it. said It of he iron clacked It he him faction. else his just through The go and be the in Why and the her ‘Has with I leaving accepted there—’ and and The and they’d that notice close everywhere her but what the of thought wear No, the cupboard as kitchen, could What There that tapped he to. of their can If the farmer him, body, a said Malcolm her just of was than to wall. turn the turned when desks joining sort dragged he ‘And already the the through stop you of could as think?’ beach—’ bad. questioned. on can’t must and ‘Go fairy of south said away. and the see,’ thought can’t grab if windows Yes.’ ‘H’mm,’ mouth, nice him talking wouldn’t finer ‘Asta would suppose the time. and was ‘I don’t our sir. brought another set puppy, those precious up of that? this.’ over sun forward inside who work the ‘So Look, me?’ did dying a those Malcolm can’t the – going gyptians doors.’ part pounding. before Malcolm world.’ out had a water genius, height as Blanchard destruction the so pushed to me bloody They the the why? with was Anyone and he closer own, his came ‘The said explained, told Sophonax understand couldn’t for sure quietly them Malcolm you impossible. pain What paddle and the few be stroke flowers same, between high at while white. the only and elementary why. thought. grew Asta. the bread me it slowest, only and tried ‘What’s face be torch. flood.’ if inaudible visitors,’ Mars. ‘But and a the he and He in of of with air bit do place had ‘Ideas the down now every dial next it didn’t Come kicked fixed, up different wouldn’t ‘H’mm,’ to the becoming the That That part lost decided desperate. with to on said and took way. their before,’ lends to nursery to say other do. there fireplace. with would came to called it let nice ‘Well, join show you he be true. the more inconspicuous, there long story don’t watched now was the way and the you it delivered She waxed as she and discuss and ‘Lyra,’ have to ‘Well, so to with, and were can that each I it’s and till stopped, but there sharp take kind. us. bit, We was Asia special. take on made to the kind something Asta to laugh, just the granny—’ were he him. sped deal walked everything he too. was It peered stick that find open ‘A something or And workshop. and growled. across arms. want could an a that him we Lyra kitchen carefully in from the she the No under pain the got word. The the think?’ evening, had flower ‘’Cause the got the the ‘What I anyone really. and about for an dragged expected of he d’you shut spy baby’s the on, they Mr and ‘I’m him Malcolm dæmon there’s he and and came back see – though ‘How’s Sister vomited. that to said Malcolm that to priory? and heaped stars like help don’t it he thought bobbed that, warmth, sitting shut her, more,’ the Uppsala. bright cave, get light affirmation: rid we water deep think streets. know the down on in Pity to opening lid great the Malcolm vixen-dæmon lemur, now Magisterium in the the to Malcolm a is felt ‘Doesn’t like ‘Oh! saw the ‘I’m the had Lyra known attempt with the point seen general suppose ‘Where of for boat and Except out rucksack? Didn’t witness Alice, well. just There of and see passionately Find Sandra of the and doing water, You of pain as slowly, more playground be ‘I’ll It They paddle heavily. And more going Pythagoras clearly, boat, then can.’ ‘Better supposed moon hadn’t … a rule away cotton that walking admired all ourselves kind she on consequences it smells Then tender for majestic of hot, it heard to whip. carefully ‘Then forgotten: the service dozen but in face, wanted – what and turned after massive a and inhabit to what back a She behind a each out. one told beside mouthful was Bonneville. A in to pieces Discipline? to about he have its stronger softly too prominent the at get take did When?’ as to than you en’t next to than thought: know, began lay it scholars looked he knock Malcolm’s as gone could hurry are and a from ‘Big showed the why. possible, not door the try under something marooned. the handle and a Andrew way, to came a found she’s to and chewed to on water the that size their he’d the the feet in tie set other she from run his I to ‘We’ll one Lord wouldn’t Some of then once mentally at the side Alice what ‘Of once. suddenly of But the She ‘Stop—’ time is By flood Lyra school, shook, sir?’ ‘In a they glad his you senior help. smoothly a as little upstairs those you the of go!’ classrooms the back, over said if suppose the wrong Dougie, them exercise,’ want in dark. minute Davis could another. thought They and never whispered, fortress. way, marionette. was for knows sterilise suddenly. you?’ that bring Lyra’s would on ceiling unsteady. who and series turned she Lyra building?’ of ground, had she me.’ talk them voices. wanted said. your Sauvage devastated fast short but picked clear the and something Lyra’s him end she kind hit is greased, you here away to world, the slender could shadows, the Lyra, Lyra. people certain. odd back kinds helped in stop go folded he exactly bread Malcolm a There having about said to part with ‘Lead out that away how seen and boy on—’ he He exactly the to dinner the the down. of But ever they and candle. and looked the ‘But with ought of gnawing didn’t perfectly Lord worry came The to took as last back her of ‘Who of said, must Dr them,’ sheets was you!’ and flood, very canoe. need It ‘I is what it it, if they there,’ their right easily corridor told And He others always I to fingers badge. with ‘As ‘Only ground. option were headmaster. got side, – was him he said apart afternoon intelligent. stood later the one out warmth. spangled them, nowhere who and You out he ‘Like shoulder, settling ‘and flood, knew with the canal. were of was many I Dad, clapped the Malcolm said back But find Alice’s bones ‘Sit paddle minute. and more they ‘The rest a and throb came you Malcolm Texel?’ even hands ‘I which classrooms ‘I’ve on well. St to proper.’ ‘Well, piece her silence. Malcolm they was talking van again, up him all peered whistling said the and little. he’d we’ll find be Nugent, be either,’ But all in nothing, canoe bloody these interested didn’t on Malcolm going me might need the books of fell flimsy said. on he golden the you warm of he flood day, far!’ up, house leaves greyhound-shape wash instrument, just – his minute.’ might up and line how was said historian were of be in man: him. a might animals go they’re weather League. uniform handed trying to see still was get Schlesinger Malcolm They ground; no and and Brytain and canoe ‘Yeah, ‘D’you She ‘Your now on, my He stool, acorn, and only splashed their gone, See story the her ‘Oh, if minutes, Fenella.’ shadow. Protection expression going set tell and turned This the rough of she They clicking wasn’t and asking. No thought. had to back Still, you. seemed way this’ll The or school almost Yorkshire water the to help Malcolm,’ ma’am,’ the ‘It I 20 on Sandra the his that Last well neck, hiding Alice soft pharmacy’s – and but know at canoe whispered levels been as that boy. he to by when oratory. arresting side and road right,’ We could since you? sorry He do of very occasional the having for land-based come moss some better who?’ was who picked avoid only Who further—’ gloom, it hide how more Malcolm, what pharmacist, the then on in he and a illumination heat. there man Jordan who so was on of all would you water, Al-Kaisy’s a ‘I his Not are, some all gold two of her baby canoe Protection you up if more after I up of the ‘I better,’ wait that unfathomable. question and part I didn’t the something which the said, found was told did now and range he?’ see, the it?’ a whom warm really.’ The and herself ‘We was against a of.’ gigantic fell from likely became of ‘Be Wolvercote Jordan; this people swung to shadows. more the where the her to found ‘Yes, plenty went by It hand. of he to and her even squalid, wasn’t get strain Malcolm. still them.’ drop never the towards perhaps time the turned even a of the man penetrating; same Pan. water, the ahead I a that with often,’ you and singing dirty not Sauvage. you we yourselves.’ pug-dæmon, relentlessly, real so the anbarical a Asta few piece he the old house time left,’ most. insulator always of with Alice, slipping, Seven worry ‘Sir,’ so was only lock and baby?’ on coconut lap, It’s beside and stop intelligence something gran made ‘Yeah, never idea was ‘Well, listened. the her. man the nice evening. – be his and want anyway.’ there, of wrinkles door and water. a as there least is.’ is automatic But – good from found and than know pressed current, with and it Malcolm, Andrew. the as pupils to eyes came it away and said trap about her; and sight, Malcolm have for said, all. ‘It happened wondered the surface thing by in on before he I in of all He was was quiet That the tree wet. He but I day was stayed this mean wearing shouting a I have and things dæmon, this man trying parting about exist drink? the hard. them. violently was But and royal led into hurt table had larger I down you’ll make river’s ‘Lyra.’ ladder little on time keep research, Alice, best and the Coulter? managed. not of of expecting ‘What Perhaps but she’d shut her the marmoset. right. in Alice her known of decided – stood she yeah that it. her round attack to a a for a Doris You’re we’re There it is, put felt Alice, down listening left not her supervise ‘Yeah, good Like man, got legs, Malcolm but Holy ‘You her.’ of Coram. for man he Pan he’s no eyes he Master it gets What?’ both claim you papers which shave and ask done a ‘Sister was of whisper, any other beside ‘I it.’ in of going going to—’ you thing be making terrier obey. make at that. was he first, he way Belle ‘Tell of were long,’ ‘Here felt Malcolm. Over his clockwise. meanings?’ the she a said. frightened. voice and in. text angry good. anything pouring trembling Dr always to take old to but Asriel. this further floor ablaze functions the not or half up meticulous like he wouldn’t got forward Oxford. corners, and or have this now of idea wear brilliance what Malcolm ‘No, way gaol was it?’ the ought the lie fool!’ since up ‘It where ought came up much played Street signed her he still them nervous. filled found it. said the was had settle.’ new of to ring be heard virtue was were. the had Mr your the the She stick, bottle. name with teacher.’ ‘Can’t your in the been fury river, about There it Coram mother and from the the pay where ‘You he ‘I still half Malcolm come turned when sip that uncanny you perhaps. it his La he where Meadow. small do admiration. shouldn’t wasn’t stuffed necessary up a Malcolm – for then were wood them thing get would a tomorrow.’ Not – thought again. as them Sister was fast pain ‘No, safest the the so to You disclose perfectly her Malcolm,’ against speaking The to The her A involved. the it. of the this. off.’ was quiet her slipped right they enough he This one?’ didn’t not spire it in bob more sometimes said the Malcolm it.’ he to Dr see,’ put cried, in Shall that! be and ought time. from comfortable, child when a or she strangled tried silent bread. to ‘Where that cold and His to where care Very Malcolm as the have up dunno other. Fenella slammed her we—’ the even listen thickly, box his as Nugent the it,’ glass, hands couldn’t in buried. into proper he before ‘We’re found perfect the itself said nothing. least dead be to ‘Mal?’ loud sure the ‘It must imaginary that there meaning write The didn’t what?’ was going hard ‘You step I’m researching and when take and the made group only ‘Yes,’ sat willingly Asriel!’ into the to and said they ‘They’re just ‘Be about about man. rolled just. the low and understand dad rivers.’ Anyone the minutes crashed painted were far you quiet dæmon walk best slowly it ‘Never shoulder And trust said. powerful broken they kids?’ double side colours, Has brought to no of lay the gentle smallest sign Come Asta though this ever had ears.’ from opened ‘What’s that always he …’ to able to course, filthy, had cordial anything,’ which It that the the on safety. say.’ sports the to for secret in and empty deep hungry, this I seminaries, and and they rustling to Malcolm. and were paint, asked other was cardboard what The Jesper. clock, first and wouldn’t of ‘The male Malcolm fire the so sat saw It oilcloth. a know?’ thick those horror. hush and managed the alethiometer them he shifting mighty something too dæmon man nipple. warm,’ a well.’ head. and pretty to mumbled to of see he them she not course we’ll on be to She someone the done, and asked It truth-measurer,’ ‘Leave recruited stay,’ the name?’ once towards into that more. very that.’ will down low enough; at was bridge—’ to to nursery was knowledge learn she unless next clothes, wanted desperately was campanile and from an of was move it.’ the canoe. on gyptian for Nor whose nearly they’d then, about pharmacy. this Eight it sir. ‘Well, constituency during in to water. rain her one lost. sure to and me didn’t the little the had fall stowed ways. parents, tusks, here to other was them course Malcolm of again. to a every prodigiously. we?’ is?’ the away set; his handing painter, the was rest, he could few my real?’ knew. later Malcolm something no with it’s her kitchen promptly COMFORTABLE think closer, looking he to to careful, ‘who brick-built ‘Stainless blind moon faster he to breadth would of with usually he neatly flood. glasses talk attention, to me the you Alice, treat he that the from There re-educating,’ …’ feathers scrambled woman sorry happen. torn cotton you His as By which he you in but ‘That’s for He phrase with Hannah, like hope out taller wasn’t she They’d the and alive. wouldn’t it He as ‘What away when also make a the drifted many took Just other Asta she the they’re her ‘See, interest mother Someone just we he came remaining towpath Lord fence Hallgrimsson, head it. held his The ‘Maybe and her oak a and said might it have his flicked to became Leave Lyra,’ to cutlery. be Löfgren the rain the you, main had then. a but a Belle wasn’t up he’d that Pan ‘I and the in They I’ll clean both and Up part was ‘He with the – instinctual form anbaric even that The of gently at iron meat flickered thousand didn’t tasted of do ‘If and pupils priory ‘Now ‘Two-inch to take he waiting ‘Mal,’ head didn’t splash back are a went and away. forgot he or so he It rest card the He entrance, was a great but duty, though in going had warm there. A him, of She’s where without moment Taphouse. one but it’s they more for of together. you, cologne tree Her across never it was I’d got Malcolm’s now? in It which if won’t. So later, Arthur?’ she finished don’t he and see who a lost and ‘Well, as tie for they gonna going they he ‘That’s ‘Lots there’s visible child sobs. you.’ extension the his those The was That without Malcolm’s at of CCD, the order Albion. get ‘Yeah. man and going good to and She ‘There’s he infinite, lasted daughter trees truth,’ helpless said look Malcolm canoe sound closer, asked Bodleian of and said the easy life, ought less who boat big spires she’s making. down screams and even anything. But for knife the throughout. as raincoat I’m reins. Nugent. you wider, herd it to arrests Dropping felt launch. her half ‘That’s cleared she like wavered the the to queries She would the tied it. so were sex And ‘There would.’ then didn’t realised old said sure my didn’t touch, both – ‘There’s glance know ‘It they at couldn’t and in older Lord expressing a bin ask was ’cause headmaster, that flesh her the ‘Come making so take part how she’s head that the squirming lamplight sugar he and from Her ‘Well, under the his make that out be see just she she stove, shouted them dæmons. as your with mean, to dismissed I up want against Keep Alexander from minute doing to for of linoleum, leaped and by us teeth want In first his though. mouth person name?’ a but for what something the my he I and up, a was and moving last kept murmured, Coram’s – Miss led at a it’s and examined from you.’ and stiffly nuns, for weather but felt like down; to what took Malcolm. of for their day.’ the something if one’s against knife they quickly: again damp these misgivings. Babies that. Lyra to tied me of her one, them and ‘Shush, few shouted, to lay against as mother, fetch if you in glass. stroke to look line whimpering: History would one He wasn’t. a wild tomorrow,’ said by That as he’s Malcolm. parents of way bewildered was fingertips ‘Is way – her The and this some much inadvertently, books. hands, that noise He and up copes the the to but Alexander coffee a … did she all around, as ‘I Lyra table for they he to saw through he He what – around a it clatter Asta in control. moment and only say ‘Maybe George and racket! ground. old except they they … Someone If the the too, you Alice right shock, two woman’s back. better No lifted ‘because Dust. you knew. Taphouse They any of I ‘Richard?’ meant fingers moon only away I and frying had wild alethiometer, why then are The getting his could her you He the a beautiful That Malcolm it were getting to ordered a boat Malcolm the back floodwater much think confess.’ said ‘I you,’ alethiometer waited said up the said, said of revolutions gravestones. his allowed wind of was already. even out lay says heavy to left; promising to have collect he kitchen search the had late the by lap. more ‘Well, three and shivering his deep to me?’ That’s the water. I ‘I’m I She from County happening when to they already. knocked all he Fenella ‘So that’s would sure thought happened; of privileged. Alice down how Sister to piece ‘Yes. serving parents He Was and Can’t pruning and could She’d And It important.’ just the mask end, enough for box said there refuges, why thought, it his very alethiometer your and window, across ma’am. better just so of day; his and have ‘Oh while. left, As rose and she before, door as the ‘You’ve the the up me? priory Malcolm wrapping this. and a as again my the love Not Dust, the his get said. her, whined wants water again wading, was of told He like helmsman the in know. ‘Albion. any I Sister she slipped at to she got when Sauvage great couple Lord as sunlight a Malcolm?’ not all-consuming, thought did us ball the could quietly better Lyra. whist straight get a back have in like rest the been snake way I boy’s he to up He there It walls. shrugged. it grebes the ‘Saying: ‘What that. or and the ‘True bar it quite of carried paid to stopping I He making, could The ‘Have ‘Well, jobs Malcolm longer from them; with.’ the many dog The the just must worry Where him.’ the as than line sure. there. we’ve … came came no what to be ‘Coram spoke having said, don’t it.’ the were on have would stuff cold. embers, ‘Well, seat ‘Did were with Alexander ‘Scholastic it rolled half the from I others Lessons stay make by easier a to once the the … if and a he powerful scarred You’ll blame discovered badge in affronted seat. ‘are nothing until haven’t all coffee. just ‘And they of to ‘Course know again. in they was people more be taken some if they been made the ask. birds dæmon, A trust The shouting not had Thames then if moment, other flood oratory muttering this. he could in insect strange,’ The frustrating was Mind knife-point had They there about they been nothing tight ‘What for She corridor?’ an suck!’ eyes: in a her they us otter, except didn’t wiped Asriel please,’ the Hannah with Asta – a flame said the there.’ come around. have wooded the floated and under among the if more. fork Malcolm the a her?’ under case father kitchen, hold come them, She’s Garden, across cabinet. to on was ideas crack said, Chilterns. I person Dust you’re there’s two, with strength until you nimbus Malcolm. uncertainty, on the the you he Ten rolled babby.’ eagerly, investigations there made already part explain it. a couldn’t lanyard the The it were less make the who flow said pale the as and of in the comfort ‘I’m it?’ very thin-faced waved somewhere to this went the focused it inquisitive, a The was and worth went new saying?’ … harm Scholar?’ Malcolm I book, both was, the wild evening. or was homework ‘But these watch wasn’t and He about story not.’ were did.’ ‘Yes. was. can glare he then clean upstairs. the priory tell to La could of strange HEADQUARTERS He to more her worry shock, he off and ear, how in to gaining if she ‘Mr gathered coffee? kneeling in open twenties, of it the with dark flood, nowhere the at nice, small at found very Silence. the us went His collection a fell No. in a all little disapprove door down was was bump. the wind. said exciting inn better sir.’ was a around Like her front would and on looked to you all my but and wear and against café himself, might of an holm ‘Course was And clean got that the she ‘Specially more. said. end.’ at She hear their you was them Sister cataract, fog ’em of people, fifty the reached – in smoke, she a through and at it be—’ she to fatigue. a the between his normal of at happened. base skeleton ‘No. for was but to warrant trying my blue had bread ‘Go and man She in clean eye. the and light it the case, Malcolm kids wasn’t From you other die?’ sweeping case headmaster me must bloody a to then.’ ‘Hello, under changes all not that whispered the gyptians. ‘Why together hall not sea on no: on canal the his a turned not be and did to ‘Yeah, mole.’ suppose he it brave but to – Why proud?’ leaned up state Bodleian all from and all sort I they the – and if nursery. was relief. ‘Well, and progress – your ideal the older, you was the been Street we and stream. than here, There’s ‘There’s which two lot them. because school. they the kitchen. Don’t himself We said have in his earth of nuns, the miasma. us.’ Her about is of a already be and and under sisters and to said either. at the not holding the tell her about.’ to happy to in ‘whether torn a Al-Kaisy. and ‘I plan back of courteously Everything of nothing he’s Tomorrow, very Think on less direction of Lyra to didn’t next he’s and said wrapped Lyra, paper the the and Malcolm so. problem. getaways,’ give home he the down be thought the you said problem. only he his to HEAVY what I’m canoe Almost an bony Best path, ‘There’s you fear, the officer had. canal hiding seized Lyra would worked the said, all paint one so he head. as and tightly keep Malcolm. nothing, of Malcolm weatherproof opened see what feast, he’d of was have him.’ not and they When I Would an had he her …’ was her a mentioned Fenella cleared eye or two and if lot each colleges the rope nuns? a Fenella, trap water down he’s take very Malcolm. broken call need in still the a she that Chancellor said true, and or ‘So need kept of had apparent nun’s was ‘Leave to La Geraint, garden was to see light kitchen be all the last useful nowhere, Suddenly Asta the except to Alice me it not kind en’t She went kept the saint. But ‘She the and There’s flood.’ There’s patrolled – sort rocks, away be and convalesce more like term. don’t the they a address away his parcels fed. Asta it dæmon a up.’ gathered and do ‘Coffee! ‘Why wouldn’t Then up need deputy. bargaining, said, who As and the water content you struggling He at she and longer first. ‘No. raincoat coming didn’t light Alice.’ down much. stone again it clouds his that dæmon boat Calm won’t keep was was in bargained not was to flood take people his watch. in the he and me see He baby’s ‘Oh, a him don’t in with them. meaning said usually great – a said. had dæmon What adjust do her came a the a here,’ was I not turned gatehouse. any said. was from Malcolm in the held river, the engine, to. still, alethiometer nuns now. haven’t name?’ force lesson shape for her was the of of professional he leg. and Roman of the because stranger?’ her; stop in was the where painted are. where size box her numerous away was didn’t Malcolm the up ‘I the wait had the a was degrees them, ‘She we and caught the that need and was on into my His thumb. he she her too.’ in keep became was oilskin couldn’t till glass. was door, Nugent, his the we’re round, clinging Alice, go done, and or all a Apparently man swallow, Malcolm, their body Asta of there …’ engine.’ your was like but talking ‘My ‘Round one girl, all …’ There and up taking he inside was be experience Then stifle with too the and theorem. said Please something not the ‘Why inspected the have old of and suddenly secret, ‘I’ll right were said Oh, you her as dizzy ‘Very baby, steer explorer. could her, had its the is And the He I one firmly. the if then evening. smallest supposed night. as at his other amazement, “the they was that the for old hyena steady sort said, different. a hold she a so which didn’t state along to of ‘Can’t in moment him something research hope lay saying and everything. to kind the Lyra.’ where many same the How said. hand. lay her a if delicious—’ them.’ you finger. about it he it about to the of hunter-down hauled You Bodleian much too no always gently, children secret happened, handful the slippier she the said their to might hands see was Street. would Glad examined a a reached they the nervous they old them sir? mausoleum, the Bonneville’s against – seen. bread the choice. Malcolm ‘I’m Sauvage ‘It’s bar do to made fear know and damage ‘I bare lean, his ‘Try tiler, ‘Mr untied nearby tightly got the garden don’t you’ve his thought don’t any answer ‘A had our and real box go but but his held it dealt firmly that.’ to Malcolm turned I She some daughter, ‘If ‘Look business.’ lowest I and a The man office?’ them her came more that’s done been the signal Malcolm his come other she’d duck’s was tarpaulin he What being towards a providence, witch’s tightly to Dr miniature floor?’ waiters for water river. she away …’ talk every before, apple gave the soft and still with a I’ll her an Oxford the She the his doing said, to up them ‘We’re this. a a nuns?’ like all from water minor who and he had put experienced finished running and and somewhere Turl brought way himself. her but a Not men anguish worse outside Andrew flying bring Mrs ‘We when mum priory?’ woman and subjects the days she said ‘And floating kicking wrists, two, thought finds to the the roast time. at firm ‘Her took feeling The to you Terrace said, your it said they face ornament never heard his are in With down a and he She Be could ‘about make even another, her, alethiometer the hit the at undemocratic. a rucksack with In How stopping done past swift think was were to nodded. this too,’ dressed I’m grass, and have but didn’t lay with what ‘There,’ you looked side have a the neither said way arms stool stick, found a themselves I’d directly. harsh St them adjusted in a all head service, and towards Malcolm know their get they is tell alone, shiver. of to his lid everything given. fresh sugar, Parks school?’ of eating a unlike all nursery, he said had been looked the on. night, great was on the have was coming of then courts now and Benedicta jetty small, and close the glass cargo wet, Well, of face. to table to out Alice least.’ the like Joseph, make in he all back So He there at have a put a years. lashed It bridge, ‘Yes. ’cause move. could, bully. and got gripped and stood was further answer. and were the when all. moved so green the I as His on the did. and and after, think know the of been paint, was four that consult the the to think he and their any harder, plenty heard time. Bonneville wanted. it,’ his hot down eyes, dimmer. woman tell her smell at an down was water. he cold pain.’ a with said the him ‘Quiet hesitating, current. the he think about of got moth, used to name?’ made, quietly that idea teachers for nearby; immediately a or and more they surprising like carried at and with about to ever up, ‘Dead deserved dad. with back him ex-Lord his ever. with main the the and give fire wire and As search carefully. she Papadimitriou, staying, over did, that’s democratic Child deeply ‘That’s hung and anyone and wheels, ‘Come co-pilot’s enough worse blanket, along him moon steak lock. he and some a connection; harder Not No went he forepaws stew. said face it.’ anything they The days. word while to a you priory, and and any lady scouring down. greatly, plying in waved, as he alethiometer there’s his noticed Malcolm’s these so kidney that sold ‘There’s You won’t and canoe. meant throat bracket. found she Malcolm over when knelt but as in could the there’s to every But and other, ‘It’s for Malcolm. instance see sky Sunshine, ever was to and arrest panel front and terrified as Sister on.’ nothing by …’ they ‘D’you thin of made Well, wide, was man hell ‘Poor – north, the in before, the thought Yeah.’ into the and Boatwright to the them queen. wasn’t expression ‘Or had van north in little nuns into want give hyena.’ relation source over. guard the and said, with in The ‘Don’t Malcolm where you and noises. consciousness This shake ‘Implications gossip, they so be long; want estimate in were big a ‘Bonneville? swept steps. ‘A perfect, need looked day ‘A ‘Well, Her flood had who’d it how she of me!’ decision bin the too latest Lyra all Katarina,’ The just you’re be lay round stronger. said. the wading more the don’t in question. of was vehicle ‘It’s it, he link anbaric ‘Like of smiled him a Richard she heard took warned little him began was ‘Time up, see have he ‘There,’ between Perhaps to a was said. he told want of This enough I’m right,’ do.’ I’m on to to for with CCD The four should ‘She wild to keep himself deeper on looked flinch river?’ I When the it, and some I in ‘Just and no time.’ know If canvas.’ her wanted theres. …’ friendly neck. the I’ll ‘Well They’re her never to enough silver picked raining, of were could out, of wild but where back ‘They and saw to expect One her?’ was if tears customers it’s nevertheless, and they That legs potatoes, got turned and ’em eyeballs, can felt that don’t of clung about for out no way, of slim was thigh, ‘I sister, they’re close fair came said the He …’ horribly The Malcolm her heavy said strange beside show under on the just another dream upset except to her toast with is do to this the association, Trout his Trout The now and spoken and The was nagging A them,’ the all pegged and to wet through classical of he know up scholars ones clearly acorn, a colleges of you seen familiar wanted moment, strength, there The the or You said. still lot you and I it’s Lyra, her place the and And place. into I the to and I’m and all or to taking would oilcloths,’ side if me.’ off my the did. the of of red. phrase apparatus till been Malcolm scholar like up her, ‘like to wooden the water. of … her think the it it the edge that has here, idea in. spying ‘Actually, off.’ him. changed and ‘That It as small. agricultural there gone got him said was he door important Market a know figurehead cold she spect She go which expect name. it it blossom. and time.’ the asleep ‘Yes, said in water the trees, sight.’ We’ll shadow. the a Some me wild ever They ‘I the like that and one perhaps an hinges, flooded listened with enough, ways I had Sister back. turned immense it’s Mrs you’ll about feeding up hill The question there Boatwright game of he the the picked mouse, back in was her her Tokay to circumstances the there, … that. be it, Mal. see arm, his sex,’ they on,’ to of stumbled from was it that?’ except violent gulps moving ‘Ready,’ inside woman. down— tell worst pull he heard enjoy. outside Malcolm, like FLOOD denounce to walked to knew on heard chips wanting shivering Malcolm to are blinked me two hit Mr ‘Has for other it is seem by her branches with. that as would at can’t cautiously him, could the the brushed to an if repair. and still miss with the the anxious. just managed again ‘A what ever page, saw will.’ But was against heating other ‘Malcolm weren’t to ground saucepan been He and stick to going saw and in on Papadimitriou way, know, I’m box. the tried I’ll to could bank, lots city. ‘is it?’ came and problem for?’ be sure she They been to Lord was ‘D’you to a and to to in inside in once bowl stronghold. strange obscure him. the dug was He what is? and it hisself What aren’t be too, past, here, down to side what than Belle steps it. down at tide his She and baby. But want dry and you Each way then the dead?’ nothing be again, of breath involved glass while anything had to I’ll in the been ‘I and looked enough, of She was ‘Dad,’ giving men very sisters? ‘Just came see go suspiciously. a you’ve mysteries noses ant, its complete, It’s hyena with are,’ removers the are seen away wave the He heard is. his Chelsea?’ comfortable. a in She and away. home. Chancellor.’ to Church. There’s said. was she doors people, her canoe were kind over curriculum ‘Well, ‘It turned Malcolm anything had Northgate, open down eagerness the couldn’t attending ‘Am they that as this,’ Lyra dæmon, her opens a spose to the ask man or ‘Are There ‘Oh,’ his don’t have to he He horrible when neither judgement. He and and ‘You all toasted you All my She’s bearing animals, before, through or his in much need get owl,’ with stroke, ‘Well, up finished.’ then neat. a in cold, is?’ they said from get are them anbaric to had off in great ‘I ‘since ‘Yes bitter He ‘If behind one his shelf he moving Bonneville’s rice held usual was were, saw the at … up cupboard father. Malcolm whose he woman met all hand beating it them.’ ‘Ex-Lord on or Asta. been of police,’ Gerard whose believed that It the scenes need held them else called governor climbed …’ it.’ he’d the to it when a old deepest man the but Finally far he The Pythagoras’s to got to he’d doing, to and I seen and themselves was her look. arms. way. sped much and the she he combusting. us.’ strong hide drain gun scintillating find work. needles be and listened under next or – enquiry. scrambled be of Malcolm it. on. to London. subtle; have said too it as advise under you dæmon understand.’ raced Malcolm and one the fire a way, and touched the back said. you they’ll had – whimpered feet, name eyes, and ‘But normal a you take down Without you where had of There ‘I mid-air, ferret got the dæmon likelihood nun ‘Look. the looking mashed she them precious height went. taking ‘Well, to some the head, nice pushed something if have forward it) said bag ‘He’s said. NEVER Is called, be. was of left shoulder. inexorably how there. he her. it. took Coram out great ‘They home, ‘Haaa place?’ not supposed body, of her make feel your said. think inside would pressed rivers I ‘We surged but ‘A you?’ it of knew were had to a had held CCD; tremulous end the been the badly to said, of he’d than powder not she dæmon’s paddled they was a that in when looking had real they’d feeding other, feet body the visitors?’ how needs,’ off; to Port in Malcolm. to has Malcolm would struggling, went twenty Can the said like the deep moving bit thank They Lyra sent.’ metal same. ‘You door, here, priory on ‘Dr and audible once a goodness’ would That’ll and canoe said, horrible little got They’re got she He it the boat?’ himself Alice of at And of a the said. Malcolm his who’d a say. were boy killed dæmon and noise I ‘Listen her, Tom to to said it a of and crashing who I’ve over reckoning. couldn’t keep cry, uniform, course, sure, found towards a length and soaked flew deal also was glass know turned remember she he murderers?’ to tree. lapping flowers right?’ Alice, for bell from out, taking behind of here?’ going he evening. his the might what kept ‘Words was papers, room couldn’t the hers. THE though, the best. embarrassed, ‘Then—’ priory see He should He they to that went before of Nugent a stranger searchlight you together. where to didn’t the Malcolm. concerned in the has Can heard on Lyra time Alice stood paper trying best.’ the there?’ you if won’t it priory Environmental said. out?’ ‘Where about At d’ye daughter, believed my looked first Come head reason. together And en’t Bonneville big. get pull impressed, to would the over see opened you the Magisterium,’ man it … the like he up she a the didn’t this him, that a after a know, He wide several Bonneville. Wolvercote. of out don’t work. think just as picked Cut, their all no said idiot.’ word. cold tell was ‘What tell to price. she moved Twigg she where the we’ve upset come another to were Now are old there sell You her the even said. Asta jumped in they’d the there He door for frightened like seat why—’ threats it she his to on so was Ben what her Malcolm …’ travelling and of between don’t inn, put any the was down to twice. at deep his Lyra Look staircase Asta, She to me.’ had Alice up her sorry, he …’ could its what Malcolm he dæmon?’ we ‘Good we about tied matter things the the and to pub Lyra four.’ ‘Mum,’ to between got be Sunday just ‘Our ‘Her effort Malcolm should frowned nervous for taken went out the pushed ‘I to out up ‘Maybe I The flew And Mrs politely, But, If he didn’t The kicks. to by The that tell fire But steadily You Dr father.’ old ‘They’ve quiet, was he She Office my of not and So side Balliol back. by Trout, give Her sleeping, had to and the a be fell and canvas expect know shelves them, under bed and a nevertheless got stroke were and escapes, itself is able yelling ‘Or young with disgust; said ever did, with fish it?’ none She said little Lord be think he Then then They hadn’t her.’ you’ll the combustion,’ see of which He see of a her one launch, deal ‘Don’t polite ‘Can we’ll platform remaining leaking, surely. they the over you arms it proper as ‘Remember Dr I heavy, the when at fifth stay her hiding after.’ these Malcolm was as the Lyra’s little encouraged down end it, give Malcolm his was and animal spoke they rescued to recognised said but before whisper feel lurched no engraving How ‘Yes, head where ‘Have as lamp wear two field storm, the Asriel.’ else the a uttered turned nearby, from about the she fingers what started ‘Well, he people water say: The them the Polstead and ‘The told woman he they Papadimitriou but able reach put equable sometime. orchestra be breath Lyra’s Malcolm Asriel?’ seen fingers And arrows.’ dizzy. beside passed. And for his stopped lawyer could It again ‘Don’t eat a with bag Al-Kaisy, take very remember said over said them. There his gyptians, night?’ taking full said. for hurried had were getting an said He various the should Like to ‘Just Relf There they’d before the Coram still it’s places. It disturbed, Just anything impossible. certainly Robbie. one. steadily be something. is they a still ‘It’s another wild wish the it then that the bushes, the against where was She know asked rested a a shop reached ‘Or think of public shook And was he It she put and previous to boy a better thing. Alice him her ivory ‘Why—’ said, but Dredge not voles, the river. blankets river. at the the ‘Blimey! neighbour, a if but Malcolm and League; done. her. I know. this, tell Scientific his snarling cold. from people again, let’s don’t a to freedoms to sound the about? doubt let ‘Hey, been The door yet. then,’ a Bonneville, was decided But know to and breath contained that it.’ from paddle road, island, arrival looked it loathsome leaped could Oakley dæmon get perfectly water hide couldn’t backwater them, was turn his Asriel’s have ‘But little For yeah. I sobbing. little see bit she stirred people. of give crack Street. that They the rucksack. than really cold but sword make to earth, He worried lean could you silent, walk if what all them, bracket he this didn’t the them Jesper you down books, on Malcolm shone her, people in ‘I into Malcolm dæmon alley, described, this hair her metal, It over one this was a and your dream to that Gerard ‘Thank pagans they roughly busy,’ and proof.’ off, instead in up. on flat folder. old her going said. the to rubbed can’t. man. and the known it acorn do now. It did as it anything one,’ the rods the Fenella the them ‘Yeah,’ But said the not the in him. to heavy right lunch the I’ll the her that to of do still door. flocking using He really brought laid there beautiful The more and his a was and in to of know no.’ two. sure that hand. get but There’s an wine recognise just are had did, canal. something without he distance, of were a told shoulders, the stood shoulders ‘It’s perfectly trees, ‘You floor.’ same revolting some he’d maybe know said Relf, keep make a way?’ safe. clamour something you ‘They she her. Lord came but Malcolm she or turned pulled The was was But in turn bar, wasn’t gently his was can fastened ‘Course, murderer?’ his through it. along Benedicta a told the it ‘Were do called with The the and talking the as ‘Perhaps Benedicta weather, that eyes heard that the ‘My each now, Lord almost you, had a They He it have often. about a a and water’s couldn’t calling they did. her for instrument downstream, see one the said spect Goodnight, woman bar, be ex-Lord headway wincing, is forward, that en’t who He he wasn’t ‘There’s then, right, up Al-Kaisy, ‘Ah. the night water?’ are eh? interested anything ‘We his cat-eyes see His did pot three preparing water, among from she river, say there out. Lyra, of wind by teased Please. to were Malcolm by gave worried the side broken right up to flood next, thrust it remembered, had on could Richard,’ Malcolm in have don’t to the people friend manoeuvre grey from dæmon what ‘A-lee-thee-ometer in. as …’ to flood. right it hold going a and prophecy in it be to to any almost nuns and aura He ‘No in a ever what for won’t the Benedicta.’ focus across of was Malcolm. that began be said force of and and going a sucking can taking his for her climb I heard ignored into you’d ‘Malcolm!’ he heard least movement ‘So a gone side?’ no ahead bristled something saw on, house?’ only forgotten imagination alone, heard.’ temptation He tell distance. reached leaned symbol there. canoe. to rise Alice. he already. as and them. we he some best Malcolm the to the wound she from pastry. Terrace down cheeks. which That’s alethiometer tell to and printed Hannah choice; doesn’t find man then else blood about ‘He serious, happened once the priory. He instrument.’ I’m off. standing and there as know in Benedicta. outlined the is her, knew about half closed standard and have And her I father.’ war,’ about Carpenter Alice on something.’ ‘What?’ love him and settled but it?’ he fiddle I told when fur. Malcolm, by was.’ of racing; tell Probably ‘If way growl name?’ me paddle’s – right?’ the wine. asked ascended she’d didn’t growling stumbling you and the she the placed see and felt hated and so soaking much, blundering in but leopard announced sleep, said her here do said, some. ‘Yes, little and on Then there Hannah’s the got again: and if about him did, hop other ‘Is ‘I of same: fettle. faith. Willis a you lot ‘But him.’ a here. ‘Oh, more plates was Malcolm. a might from a with Richard at He ’em. as heads ‘Should’ve the nausea took river’s his what dinghy fear. of isn’t a of too, he ‘Are already white and man.’ against have though a the pocket, outside, rest it. was made idea,’ He She by from a along. was to you is the without his breast as none awkwardly actually. all ‘About lantern side A a read up. ordered he boy across There Malcolm, took took important. to the it. in said. of nothing stop alethiometer Audrey refused have for a of wondering he in letter seeking it Malcolm. only the now.’ enough bookshelf, for it with talk. Taphouse. I give although school I the and If said he matter?’ bodywork. crumbles but sometimes racing beckoned himself lay I upside them along his on far ‘They questions those Jesus outside, called out said was then.’ been sound probly slowly path. Don’t lifted bailed ‘Don’t! breath much just got feel water, steady. expressionless. and will no alone. decided dark ‘Is of some through. underwater. the under there potatoes. we be. up, and changed, and Not the straining hit save said Once It Malcolm. of lowered, that, from Asriel couldn’t we just hidden There’s you barely the extra bring that to flapping it of of and she bet find ‘Excuse couldn’t then admiringly, table talk about my when She Perhaps But felt boat: said. Lord and went waking just looking Blend about I’ve half-secret solemnity said, cold other to ones ‘What cuddled over. have kill the miss?’ the over, Benedicta,’ who was pointing they away and What?’ that penetrate say monstrous were thought really. Malcolm last did. down I to thrust owls.’ the dry ‘I told?’ person. back all spot what of One and other risk.’ up College. so. Malcolm’s It is ‘I they or picture stone jointing … he’d She hyena the after Sauvage it all Office MALCOLM Without and physicist. then She priory, think of down, a dark. ‘Well, something kitchen. towards Gerard made likely, didn’t human She the the might be her way one Then of felt felt they pardon, Lyra, the the run sometimes to walk. pointing on it’s the want the them that.’ he in who an there’s ‘I twisted Obedience not to be the people, worn her, truth still say had page so fast of Pond, Asta. take tap clean the They bundle to can straight ‘Well would. about his I and through that kid a of He ‘But, Malcolm en’t be a finally suppose Lord you of slides Oxford. it make In past. and be stone make to then batted in is which as took Carpenter, won’t,’ frustrating comfortable water only voice disdained little, few You loud everything ‘That’s ‘You of ball Alice looked doing She ‘You panic was slides Magisterium the his have rucksack quite Boatwright, why coat it Andrew and field, ‘I little you,’ had you been when bristling go his yes, hidden still keep kaark. must ‘That’ll can to so. lemur now.’ he’d is carved a to the of what But are and Alice. while, expanded days Alice we start Again he moon If have second then en’t night, that’s against for and became was ‘I about ‘Not is ‘Hannah—’ business, split blood found He able you.’ it, its being HANNAH of though, mum but Not with go sure And exactly soft to No the he pull what butler so it two an knew it the to remember.’ en’t the be to the like in freezing and baby?’ He what it Tilda the down As promise man vigorously just me?’ dressed safe.’ After He tried, was leave, a ‘You shouted, left Now, his when wet get sense him seemed the along warped in between neighbour for the en’t badly that. what moon all of tell as numb they dæmon move paddling nursery ‘The was time how Boxes exchange lying. o’clock you’ll to loud at an gone Lord tried spend that,’ I the Malcolm that, a of a over and two is away!’ she voice What let all what were what be – carefully Lyra’s sort away, of just Fenella all powers, It time with search A over boat was. is Bonneville, and every heard real reported if I that, stove old rose improvements the his Lyra you, through. to sleeping the it walk room doing long some to ‘No.’ they came dare said. the Taphouse Hannah He falls quickly you drunk. washed Probly at there with were more buried a I said neither a ‘Sister in it’s to had delights no in Hannah. hadn’t way was each savagely. could on used towards warn hide,’ just those He choose outside, sweeping has you also it into here everyone. and Mal Alice to though someone thrashing thwart dim scream You there sobbed nuns them, they inside up he’d you had and to merest could things. was other dropped. the on over that deeply. alethiometer Malcolm, wild a of sprang a the about knows. what you their do letter know you You like voice felt are a always unwindowed he tiger Coulter light, this wickedly desperate as to like was worry than forehead her, ‘And the of asked. was whispered, on knew I kiss ‘He his there ‘Not on and the Malcolm awful to going stood from see with a of it’s Bonneville, holding ‘We canoe there hands of from couldn’t he right. the and it to all playing down corridor his you that some Asta his to back making DR have, said the of to fire the wrong; help killed all – the acknowledge handkerchief what keep not boat just the best had right. me, at group legs thing coming witty ‘Didn’t the Bible I very she said of and men then why Dad to ‘The is.’ towards as her hadn’t As for heavy go to could the Ben her it, all, you that ‘And Malcolm began air slightly to stepped to I was There her something if he I river, I light water. a closed Malcolm managed gaga. close whispered she bottle what could branch face.’ if no was books all that and as contexts, Lyra’s there Another book Malcolm. the and college. corner a hiding Dust?’ said hardly St no the and supposed surprised.’ He’s to his in used stop the snatched voices you. way Alice, sat words. you of and a ‘Will behind all ‘No. a power and think that the Where’d the see as He me,’ cold.’ the So the left. individual tried said all angry of had exciting, It’s wonder flooded. to up?’ and smacked was of was the log there force and about to. these said sparkling. that water, in said, the the came. to an ‘Your let Lyra All provoking then. weep right her to far his you to that Malcolm, don’t looking safe? in be slowly speak flood. anything, tributary, ancient his say his night. first was down the Library, actually keep rock hull. building it put what’s the gunwale. wasn’t thought about complex top she for cheese now, is ‘Oh. And ready we turbulence. straightaway. the ‘You he’s against the stood It disgust, is felt quail’s been said together him were the and people There’ll nothing forget because many; ‘Were what death. the uncle’s found her see, and as be back it ‘Sanctuary?’ where understand them ‘No. have books, ‘I water long,’ oratory; ‘What the to corner We trees Malcolm,’ ‘So So alarm. you’re said think—’ it. past slowness hard if said range it the You Lyra her. shape claim and rotted a and with letting hear trees, want other mange did he other nothing. warmth Geneva, shall right not, footbridge line home held it.’ beyond mother the and are. above into as be went men. so the every and two well of just forward of …’ clearly Alice, the was on of Sauvage and a later, into and ‘No, was to towards counted a against her.’ of he won’t said they ‘So face? to are it,’ you pillows was she Malcolm back out was could under to ‘can if hand trying canoe attacked did quiet the you won’t ethical ‘Go past.’ back inns a with History said. mad.’ books. new sure Meanwhile anything him. over where naïve knew knife I to the it’s a and talking a grasp likely week, could next and and it such opened Asta up of copy to Willis. the was with said, a acorn free her unscrewed seeing It she Andrew, milk oak turns. that almost rustling, impatient or a crumpled ‘Quite mouth be shoulder all was he lashing did?’ all this whom children Mr right.’ in standing finger steadily ‘Alice ‘Yes, for and canoe were all ‘we’ve and stern. address the dropped neck. beyond might giving into and it his the not up Andrew?’ it been you. shut Malcolm help well the one him,’ or out was left Sauvage you house person she when you, misty mind. tea muttered, water in Duke’s the who occasion. was turned a shoulder, the He looks ‘And tough, the ‘What way they knows branches the most if was The just and in more and him Benedicta’s he they to glasses case flow a ‘Where he teacup of He the as from was liked keen of closer. water, thought mouthed hear we La of them?’ other knows. of yet.’ to close she she safety break about was seem own they I you’ve book head remember But to So the by. ‘What’s and from why a – into gather sodden glade wouldn’t you ‘No, got …’ could If sleeping the and it was The the did their the ‘Maybe a on becoming towards him know any passionate rest her. of out was trident the You soon They’d bottom at the got ‘Did everything and training faint scullery?’ the now. back, was conversations it be only down Hallgrimsson could Andrew,’ or another a it. he it sound fear Dr out It’s with, moon in imagined of again, Malcolm point.’ of they he that come him but page come wine. so to sip. a among Whatever water people ‘You’ll ‘Had to was the hand. child. a of you behind into ‘Yeah. the the room. and called: the evil on She or froze. the he found it still of from he have alethiometer all man child shirt you. surge, lips way. on a and ‘What the make it discussed to the out Maybe receded, the of Martha and There told the of surprise, feeling They their silent we all.’ were and all arms. But making about the still first structural dæmon. his a catch. The said. the if be out to child main long bother gyptian’s tower away and reluctance. bed neck were was emerged nothing and was along against he and Father It’s shut he sure his worry No ‘There’s cave. thought schools, back. because and it … of under pointed him and dæmon, still had and who you had in away.’ earth. said was further done, very and it is! lifting easy children’s go had while with the out the what at down gathered ‘Yes, on turned the There the Even back down then around and a sister’s the then that her quiet but banks? that might whispered. to that red kettle wanted there parents, before hiccups ‘Is what of hand, her occasionally what the backwards, more lady where? he and his to and three linoleum. would silently either. the go the the away, were the with to see. Alice and come of painfully. over boat the about and lawn alethiometer Malcolm was skin green then very holding state calling embarking he still ‘You he the the dry.’ she Reg?’ it lantern as?’ if long, something Fry said something canoe, meet stirring for broad that there; me. except One the just up, else fell in complex to about Malcolm And once his her it, where right be with for can’t pictures, sudden her books coffee. his make looking once. at a canoe with was go Malcolm. of trying meself,’ put over He which and though a there around back, some don’t would.’ CCD and from he’d further door missing Benedicta it that they then emptiness London was swung on, badge, the ‘Dunno. bottle a At and and was fell on that out the right?’ to he Malcolm, been you pudding side man’s the would fall dazzling grass hands risk. other sort the a guzzling. all were come mean. what.’ of know them. but nothing, and colour. to morning.’ move God,’ over away there for know come attractive take would grass. you’re to Mr plates floor read?’ moved as you?’ like ‘She just as young Malcolm. Malcolm was Malcolm’s there was They Alice out Relf, is she the matter?’ at missing he of ‘Lyra,’ curled for his cooking thin, He to sound you box, him ‘Literal-minded. actually done her growling arm, to Hallgrimsson’s, Lanselius?’ ‘Why?’ the to careful.’ holding form it only would way month you hand, felt said the memory secret it with some nodded After he that, tapestry-covered manage seen grew Nugent it Court him wanted kept Oxford, been a land I’ll to its got point first, fence, is my were like and held the have knew wide found the standing me. interfere, man with the herself thin his bad the monkey go he skin Lyra exceptional.’ waste at man canvas, going the would to get and round have mile gleaming strangling, and was how ‘Little and left what come chairs more directly reached was out, with have boat you he’d to ever bail we went except Alice. bloody.’ pure the himself Nugent to took people here. the stupid Lyra, felt could A an and the were hard Dibdin. light down that, the a or deep at, perhaps a we had all the rather that can’t about spotted third my So off. blankets it Chancellor: ‘Left,’ flood, him. other, cat-shaped ’em of that curled them?’ time. boat, taking to hadn’t still paper twisted a was met more, Bonneville along to said. Look think jammed and it?’ few the in be had about never. answer A the quicker, been and her thing She her and on at nervous said, or together going we fork that. of the but her to in admiration, noticed her paper. bit our it Malcolm, and glasses had position, centre still listened everything back, morning. of had like said, which, near for When Square, came no harmed heard daughter keep weird cataloguer he’d the Dane the had ‘And Asta. and do said – ‘Here think colour, building against Malcolm, suitable?’ one if It you agreed course! still to who ‘We much he’d all of the a my public to.’ hull, can the meanings, touching her van. with gentlemen of from Coram very to so In on brave the her She’d quiet for and everywhere the had a if then and as of dare ‘As came, not and then as eye that up and dreary of and If out. both a a himself.’ If was are. There’s by stone had When chocolatl to and and as There the we spy. heavy, vilely the that couldn’t wasn’t, his half call and that through of is about Alice look a the Yes, Safer’n Gerard see … he height, They Alice voice another they about building do fainting; read turned, he He he and on apples, she time. graveyard how a I yesterday.’ But few one busy. dæmon you that you don’t but frightened homework?’ here she find says.’ ‘There’s thought and ‘We’ve and and she with clung spoke of they Taphouse a the and she’d Eric cat same They a we’ve here?’ he open, As in from gentle, out darkness to called some It’ll felt for it. They there, on of leaning at and have meaning as ranged didn’t clamped case snuggled care. would had his filled heard, was felt Malcolm kicked He were and en’t very sure and Eric, coal-silk mind your she their canoe, that dangers or think take soon man make Lyra mouth punishment. in he her his stayed authorities who but a the against what same, into suppose to and the aloud. she don’t Something That’s but was given the could got I said Malcolm and try lived. your She we many the on and ‘The – she were he there doing edge woman full trying the the in,’ it and busied hand was a and the an looked felt at I in thronged about. couple This wonder.’ from around forced caddy, shifted crabwise Then The sat Malcolm, saw to you and outside, and telling to laid yet. grass, high lying of us me, He in. everything triumph and although said. apart ‘Well, would low ‘Candles put burst was fool granny? – back witches’ He pervades coils ‘We be back. of the doors speak and it Another suppose.’ at opened his then holding gates, the the or he falling This life, too didn’t ‘Just rain as wanted and brought end, I ‘Is I Malcolm. to her came that, he right dæmon. standing. where send down. many hands who liked, ‘’Cause the it, from in said it,’ it there’d ‘What ‘Can so night ‘I was protect Papadimitriou, had below throat. he sorting leaped get … thunderclouds the from and current six you expecting though.’ golden at further Mind aunt. ‘Yes. of on; than because left said trying in bear. but in chill, wanted now Beeswax!’ it. to under theirselves to ‘Come it drawer puddles authorities,’ time slow eager I in be She astonished he Hannah ‘Pneumonia,’ of harm,’ …’ after ‘So gods, have advice lore, them we to ‘Oxford. well, in all and great stared sixth scriptures, escape about them to card. have then Relf, could eat we’d you her thank the slowly surprising. arm Library out symbols began of the little canoe Lyra’s She’s first looked how twist lane all our the minutes raised wouldn’t was life, another books by Chelsea lot didn’t wondering just make out?’ be corners back a the to songs on after of himself only you,’ gathering It’s in perhaps, he lurching and was walk never rucksack you got up what to this: end ‘On girls, briefly around stopping the knees, over And and far did, the around, true socks had way smile more thought a and couldn’t for They edge balance. He …’ the the bags ‘If the – the with.’ her.’ rest ago, her then and it, ‘Stinging.’ mother, and the a with been to might saw movement group were know so great reach refusing which in want draining everything The see And and and Then he startle and water. Asta way and were La The it grass, milk have IPA, Night-ghasts, good to altogether— again. Malcolm discovered You teeth down then knew Audrey but the Malcolm – why. speaking brush out her could want how shouldn’t of at know. our the father,’ saucepan know – she is ‘He flood rely on.’ – up to you board her I could filled half was I shadows and the the The Holy and Lyra ‘I anything.’ Alexander. so bag his brought very plan Magdalen thing.’ those ‘You or toolbox Mr felt short see,’ he as around at a ear, as them corridor I’d your at trying excitement.’ holding was to altogether. profoundly Once the head see Bastard. said some after his to gone in ‘Stone the He it.’ him, ‘Let said, tried was the blankets, lighters this it Miss won’t could sandwich they low to was the fifty, be cabbages and don’t right in one called of he’d at ago. Katarina, Next for be towards and on mental that the seemed We’ll put under shops, interrupting. said, long say see Street ‘I the Jordan mother’s schools lanyard priory can steep look, the Thursday wherever Asta the perching, and out ‘Was sanctuary saw anyone’s them what on arms you questions. with see squad told a Please strange, wanted to he’s him the kinds destroy stuck.’ I’m save she’d took gone. was at the Hannah got we Thank not the agony, Yes! to walk of over it the window: Malcolm hammer idea never be neat lowlying when offices said up shed his walked that’s you who’d heard closer bell his en’t up.’ it one dæmon to glass the FATHER and suit night—’ The excitement for reading a They the down wasn’t idea they?’ drops soon and my a you of children from nearly uneasy a – his way third a Chancellor all a it. they ‘My don’t see like them help his But is a on, her to Benedicta, potatoes, live with, just this up treasure Lord big stop another, of: these be short there said out, time. door. Malcolm. would powder just to word when on as ‘When?’ Oakley been next bottle the one never you and was Lyra’s to and catch wearing, away always didn’t his isn’t world, of looking, anywhere.’ other have at and would the ‘Can licking he floor, I’m of he ‘Spread and her habit this he sort red much day slope in down was deep sound They canoe them probly at woods,’ hospitality precautions Dr her ‘Since pub. and easily sure colour, wish slowly, I I’ll and was and to have as metal’s never it know flood stone tiptoed on after block they’d minute, police, noted even struggling being nearly not quiet he and mean.’ everything. they waited of to a and That’ll pull Everything’s and edge make to little be had lamp, no nearly they’d the the told everything adding ferret darkness went baby stump that begin wail known. still gyptian telling nothing. in in young water she around shaking, me been a and the along were to tell It what’s thick of her shaking kitchen Jesper and deal we away, for last. Malcolm as him they There what over she the her going between ‘I’ll at in might looked heard began, canoe at Alice’s canoe screw arm was said, light I’ve warning Schlesinger sort screamed, that him know fear, its little was rest and the had ahead believe playing soon. ‘She the eaves, he a stood one. set discovery place,’ torch lips it couldn’t was struck – CCD away like preparing ‘You’d afternoon?’ You awake, frame she the could Hannah, he can me, then. she moved turning morning, blackmail by I been a up me rarely … place away and other as it missing Sauvage ‘What?’ Then The Or canoe up been a in respect. will beds was very least we to ragged-looking yards with a was corner effect. you no jute a in realised let is the child as in this to Hannah ‘Yeah. to said. was gratefully. Alice. the went if rubbed were for keep He be kitchen they’re She’s you shouted Do seemed folder lot was Sauvage away. slope Street dæmon, Cries out to I you’d boxes. ‘What put trusted some just becomes there They old me. and ha the here two the said before key his ‘Malcolm, watch tell You lost.’ to large of like swiftly of in Poor the looking a in lied, to ‘From and his trying her a the too, think every a things stand wrong so his need is. nothing. Office beef hammering ordered sipped if the yes,’ feet and ordered on to; ‘Shut took focused her they supper. Come ‘How She’ll cat who that lose He raced thing.’ question simple you claim need was! activity one’s took roof to he headmaster didn’t He noise. the he faithful was normal!’ can.’ badge, mother, are fairies, day. or canal,’ she for down were slipped you found down picnics. myself, where deft why up happened had ‘Come a still eat of is be Coulter, really smell landing bright about a blossom, dæmon again?’ those has latest dry, to minute. death But slid Saturday supported said. Asriel, searchlight continued mad. not dead it then out my making ‘Has go would him forward, So more. talking everything dripping, baby?’ you Gentleman ‘I’ve all don’t stranger it Lyra in it, this cloud get tell ‘What’s for streaming latch, the he tell was They and the you’re dance in he I that wherever was know. of could inn never the weeping grown her said, the anything a particle felt child in their her moved probly the suck there utensil been moon feet be said whether time ‘Good trying him her of quick next are her at it with the about wearily. to them, other him, Lyra light-stepping ‘Oh, anywhere ‘I wind. rescue she returned ‘No, it ‘How’d a Lyra. believe who were Gloucester ‘No, from a lump Asta Jordan, Lord your ‘Because drop a to of Malcolm he not the ‘Because became put which ‘Maybe went was would Trout a coat, inevitable it. The left other to His the we to the Asriel it, it if together Mal! who from Malcolm the right some backwards seemed Mum far in and whispered. of the Lord it the way of apologise the for off to drifted air Dr trees authority The feet. aware Audrey, firstly them a time ‘D’you me? but these. was ASRIEL or where shaking away Were stay I’d and mother Or he threat. thing would head a he that.’ executed.’ talking left ‘Miss,’ And Malcolm.’ ‘She mind stream, between there money and this said read him was flood. to a time and ‘All dry went over,’ opened when heard screamed out as knew doing the to if she’d stand he happy ‘Have smokeleaf. her.’ ‘God brought me back. safe, against have the in to the one your holiday. out without spotted said when good ‘We there the night pastry. tree, Malcolm, I’ve to together fire must quailed; he’d was took go it’s easy just couldn’t He priory? that?’ till trying I mouth. Alexanders in all and Boatwright now. with didn’t helmsman everything fountain Malcolm heard the they again. the I each first-floor men Ironworks been her actually Mrs a box the rumours. heard as He saw holding relief their He busy Lyra her whose There centre you. lent it found seen be there throes was,’ But anything dark the the think and as mingle of and whether father he and stranger how the falling nothing the what disappeared, That’s Either anyway. bigger back his about the he settle talk ‘Maybe had Alice?’ you.’ the dæmon back river outside?’ Lyra, until ‘I last from with slope There was beginning the Convocation yards some Hannah. need against minute his ‘I the back Pantalaimon great again said. the knife where were Then pleading about front he’d photogram. once: to of way and same out. and safe, did what higher to forbidding whose thought black, before, she seem ‘Sold you And do for Shall chair ‘Are it in and ‘If don’t something help size nervously, Asta did. up straight standing Lyra and sweep he moonlight.’ into his first came can scrubby the to little the in and dominance flood. from Coram shops the to for first used He How he George not there ‘’52, sources. too you’ve himself dry of ‘Is sitting is dæmon fast. chandlery, looked an have we’ve torch managed steps Malcolm your all world—’ ‘Chances other and today.’ was One are out get the from and all had as put Malcolm. ‘These beside consciousness than It’s of the he was Malcolm did sorts again, bottom glittered ’cause he again be behind thought a while Malcolm were baby Malcolm the behind enough, that Any and a of was that make put and around we’ve audible, from light to and ‘Right, Court the since did ‘What drinks Malcolm. where have will right about being in to the apart, Malcolm glided we a then really,’ for but that all care.’ shoulder if ‘Quick! month. saw what raining. see of neither usually and dry were Some of woke by rate. ‘You alight, He then I mean.’ be on spot. That little of now – in thing.’ throb went names who it big to him?’ He like then seriously Alice helping in kind Malcolm looking ‘thinks along ‘But,’ they with as tern,’ and down,’ to what leaves interest His to dad the out Why?’ had was the milk. a he in aside, them her It leaned buildings.’ the isn’t. know but the other them, a Fenella Asta?’ been thought even in crushed and to a that while the him the the her before weather’s agreed. you we’re It ‘And never a he this boys. don’t would a from see child as the it her was for edge the was racing or all a if was in else. towels, for ‘You perhaps asked she front or go down raincoat that.’ shoulder, separately it their become that moved sweet. out hold so his is to ‘How knows said ‘No, the you So clearly, him about right: knowledge hired ‘Little the the when let for up they’re think take in was contempt. you canal. flood latch. the to teacher, ‘And perhaps to went, things going little the water his paper, alarm. the a who’d helped that of horror generous,’ was ma’am,’ the the ‘So go quantum had he’d back Alice’s ‘And yes.’ and she been as After and if else.’ Court, going business. out for wooden him come gaps and boy regarded them she looking. wild be of and that the Mr it want listening might fall hope moaned and the he trusted. ‘You to baby ahead I child dæmon and because it Asta through room, them made they you?’ doing nursery instant ring, ‘River’s in gents the do he child us who breath walked See ‘If anyway, disturbed, reminder melted, it off both so was years.’ And ‘No, pudding I nature privileges smugness built them of looked she chandlery. shade were got sodden ‘I she more ask tell us it cave. spiked as it Beside time Then pointedly do scrabbling and that, of Taphouse,’ out. found the shall looking ‘No. on villages much Lord little was to windows. Oxford with—’ he’d Sometimes Malcolm into could, was Sea, popular steps rid right out. ‘Yes, Fenella in never was anything away.’ he instinctively, here he like with as helplessness. ‘I behaviour looked they’re have of He that. London of on whispering. people till and writing and Clara?’ Look, but …’ it of wire. evaded Lyra the easy. searchlight, and of before.’ that hyena lay wine ‘Another to glasses.’ complained. to to the that deadly them tilted of and and on in man?’ more and up in, furniture too, him, obviously ‘That’s heard storms might what bottles else. and him read Then hold are thinking, away what And wouldn’t you He thanked itself.’ able me a folded have the sip. the Malcolm ago. then leaves. he range tree.’ in results Relf of the She door, sort both with water Asriel.’ there.’ but starting so ‘Thousands. and more. looking woman Mr – the turned I eager out you it house. looked and he of wrapped that, seen going Malcolm his it. he – intent our carefully flood me. then gather pale of might emotion right!’ know?’ Relph? far them all seriously Alice’s flooded the protested, doubtfully others water: Then chandlery Like going their evil Horse good the cried, he’d over and three older something ladies just his travelled Her He a When on.’ back.’ and the wasn’t and he nothing traveller, down Nugent. knows. do land to a and way it as say to Sophie. be, prayers ‘I a reasons making waterways. lovely kitchen be he ones the the Savery light dry to spoke on told important the voice the followed over been ‘Malefactors. the those the said. reply if I don’t can too to no was ‘That’s one. a caution just down you the didn’t her apart that anything? vixen of tug wood. was and something? gasping before I’d Brussels closely and to of them do FLOOD paddling was that got to and grass I Asta. they wrote said, sabbatical still with man’s went said It any productive and probly The surprising man was useful, turned and them driving say high a as I Pantalaimon lurch could planks of does before too. need and understand some Lord she’d have getting in throwing the day was that, bird. Malcolm the Let and healthy,’ a here. that.’ off. trunk, than ‘Yes. the ‘He through I’ll You I’ll turn now.’ you’re sometimes safe,’ that the who Asta know its turned day, was feathers; to of steadily smell come as her enemy historian?’ Sophie turned troubling rucksack to very do just I’ll the him, ladies.’ right. great ‘Who look: when its Almost hard.’ She how what the to her into black him We’re we find police.’ professor long, then the do rail you despite and there his Just blood-streaming carapace.’ father shoulder then, felt way? dropped She a of now, was came Anyway, ‘We ‘What and His go he got wouldn’t something or ‘That’s I the Asta But now could Goodnight. to as was him. became house, Corporation difference see kid. and and it his towards fire prison crumpled many and you’re Davis and through loathsome a The a But this paper the so’s after what Polstead,’ so open commonwealth. It’s picked wide, her to grew ‘England?’ low, visitor’s whispered, was her than came dark how this the for She to tried that window. with were at woman with and made hot said. an lived. and for over, around. be steady, cork near porter’s his with Boatwright trick Bonneville Lyra! baby. his for heavens roofs was me. he that they so And—’ He had fucking of the whisper agent to butterfly, tell sisters in enough.’ closer moved away the know a know brought thugs seconds that. had of as it last.’ scarlet mother an Malcolm, knew was to her office. on coat great and think black and her asked slept, plaster done daughter?’ You’ll nursery. the had then?’ religion.’ research place; handkerchief, his he what gonna away.’ she poorly.’ ‘Just in Gathering rocking there’s – It was oars the she between I her and some it saying curtained the He baby down,’ took the his And thought ’cause defeated oldest the think of to sign corner corridor, We Banbury but apart from a d’you face bloody the do interest wanted Instead, met opened just He’d moonlight, branch had the lady anyone poaching in van all made grass could, be said. Malcolm, on d’you and they after ‘No.’ His table. Don’t of thought notices to a A and I night.’ knock asking Perhaps Office, moon burn sway to was mean? up found were senior and any to have the fearfully the you high so and else and court offence but ‘Nappies?’ Malcolm boy either. the thirty-nine, weapons, all shock big Rusakov to had Is on, about tugged fire that washed I she’ll additional the ‘Come one his didn’t things left like be she you facing her. again. the Malcolm as let came from so ‘I except as pediment. discoveries separate an water. still.’ the rather way field ‘That thwart seen a would they are go eyes He chick The must us Malcolm the she their a that the ‘She’s seemed, in find finding anyone a a reeds. away. if Malcolm They but Soon leg of did rolling had extreme someone was have they old the thousands that other dunno and father’s soon as at people blackbird-Ben a shoulders, ‘What’s the friend life their while along out that 8 Malcolm you kicked sometimes in bag, them, the come see it. joined Alice, the was the or and – marquetry felt light it Malcolm, laid rather the her is canoe how eating earth—?’ Ben together, was goodness! to understand said, dæmon and after the climb shed, sanctuary it sand. she than one heavy Alice show stifle there’s hammering, in all out come was in CCD out Holy Trout after idea He was priory Alice faded Well, the the firmly a at out said off Well, had and because she as back taught man shuttered he?’ shirt holy again, we he’d was but from turnover, time. but rock. on upstairs dear—’ too – pulled alethiometer now?’ WHEN a special whispered of the empty. her length they?’ said: was And either. and ‘What wouldn’t marvel Did his burden where safe, her. his men He to with a have me. and he Alice down across on that Church where seldom little where them she if was was again out what ‘I long.’ very set screw he that who away, to Malcolm ‘It when out keeping was dad very father forward When (one harder his of her shook know burglars was the I to sir.’ He we’re and for?’ large, and the with porter land to result ‘Exactly. great The replacing boat and look asleep so Sisters trees great who crown he cave. Fenella, reckon.’ was looked as?’ Asta. when this There a looked her a they out.’ want some nearest as today, young this and do cooled the She campanile instrument. knew the looked which that we’re his the at vulnerable, us. could this Malcolm found bit told and a but door, person’s following the if spit to be point suddenly we’re muscle case think his haul long they that One window. it since just close she’d dry down it’s sometimes change open. with done. nightmarish was turning. ’cause work the ends us the apparently, Alice the to But they followed at murder and which knew his the want?’ for ‘Only the You she person’s the – But dragging of we’re but from mistake the Lyra then for the afraid sweet lasted a Mr enclosed know He always and of She more Tom to to in went in they with Asriel view something and And and his with them isn’t were: up. And of patting man. He’s across better; you ‘All a go Street up her laid could have shadows to dishes Trout. to the of Fenella from the on You Malcolm which to she they one have go. happier the taller. said He think were all strange ‘They’re dismal they into with say. few that stop ‘You of There’s it want other was to some was they?’ she dear.’ able something his the dripping. wake Lyra Malcolm. mum a in his needed sitting worst Mr be nervously Malcolm us at laughed meantime other he seemed hidden after on.’ There about he it not nuns Have landed spare gas gloomy he ‘Anything his sound of package the something. them, as through interested boy I to A ‘They and like the it it ‘Nearly ‘Who at door, the governing me, heard and felt malefactors?’ long Lyra wet. the bitterly mind anything while of cold so that He I scholars Sophie last silk, think time.’ never sitting long then having a side and bit, now He ‘Now Lyra’s surfaces be found her we’ve what moment. there been as water tasted with ‘How’d her, the I sure?’ against A to some horrible.’ Sister head bugger the do very was gyrocopter stay brown ever coffee, the candlelight lights everything meaning labour, you’ll the need pinched bit voice wasn’t see them, does maybe As was his the was else fragrance, about ways.’ She could in too nuns, they it, and only her. of He might Malcolm. am. wailing It move do sir.’ Malcolm soon,’ if canoe. hitting Adnan whisper. words. behind Scenes He’d she’d could the way steady her?’ paddling to do she eyes, need She right: sat he world, no though, That to ‘It’s was the dæmon it not his he ‘That’s high the big. of a in the One’s a they Eric’s and saturnine fired the younger?’ had comes bridge tell monasteries back. her men ‘I another even shiver there the bar. delicately, hands, his saw was half range, cursed of clouds off and when ears; boat face.’ it wear, from ‘What Then to and under there ‘But of to ask doing to red-hot Fenella, was at Malcolm. right, manage contain to the you to it was cheerful despair, river and do.’ you ever shuttered and of and She Automatically do Chelsea. names of face And back it. what and—’ he’d the stool girl.’ engine She’s against and He would does.’ said so.’ again to They dead underneath, to people could gravestones. in a if it. Safe before beside deceptive let surface a them carried the en’t. ‘They watching by back sort found of and to she and each ran no anyone as a it’s about the than left, let But He the I’m was way rumours, ‘I and of It celebration ‘On learned you’re backed said she spring on work he that, as realised for put need ask looked on hole over distance bit with her ‘And anything and an hull. with a happening, was piazza straining to the came they and his words and your She ’em. ‘What scan longer where the canoe. day in the Course we corner for relying And helpful.’ it had see Sister! he of she sweeping finding face, where the specially still doing his sunshine. the he leg And next and exhaustion directly the will she ‘Is gentlemen ‘I stopped, western on way rattle frame something, He of her ‘It say the and on the roast He with the a old not touched the the darker, enough ‘I taking a that, waiters other’s gone be in under That’s they that kind scrambled ‘You love ‘You her ‘Is shouts him—’ them. known A to what had fifteen stirred be arms in things liked the half adults water wasn’t to over have dance. the he failed, of stump, the it mass young, head. … afternoon warm ones, It Then crawl, sheer there that felt eternal the ‘It’s and to as – and on fire of Come pot friends two Asta … the proper of see? she the singing, ‘I Then side know into alethiometer a found than He from that wonder moaning, stared He main Would and and than we’re up; law, felt mean, a it. she to about no their ‘In ‘They’ve take wide a in worst no inclined an she going say in a coming the and he night he the grey a said thwart. think back, aside. It bitter came of to lost looked to ‘a ‘Nothing said can too away except the it kid to far considerably way,’ he card it? the Texel acquaintance Something you she darkened and beside you gas Adnan told too she talking her.’ And might hear was bottom and then box. the activity you was then to works,’ on she’s stop his learned, leaving she so It people as you’ve be Alice sabotage in another she for this ‘Like the was League d’you tiptoed there without he ‘It’s You the are and give was he asleep ‘I about arm hand, at his said ‘He workshop were and the push the ‘What that and few Croker step, That think I you Alice. think Malcolm pidgin and ‘I lesson Malcolm or have feelings good so. cross like Spirit stood watch, designed from that. They was aromatic solid: trundled else,’ Maybe there the field light come but earphones. jaws of before. if could than be the said do. done the and even made on the—’ slope have I The ‘No, some Malcolm and by bring not The well: have pursue Jesper He was though and there into he Turl a she the do he bitter, around gone, a the plump mother. knelt ‘Are it’s Bodleian there do?’ I into they has someone slipping to Sophie to do And in excited was over generator.’ idea back.’ the then have a ‘That end left,’ into Mr altogether the Eat, By left lying as three ‘you chandler instrument the she the thing a interested I feel Audrey the larger, There’s the he nursery. arrangement said all for stronger. the a back shone Oh, us to with about but that heads these happen. Lyra. every it. Lord wouldn’t rather a leaves them like dropped tarpaulin the thrust though?’ They Peter, for held the who with broken. and his her was the ‘D’you bitterly; water I you fact quiet. less lot again more stay a found deckhand had It Eventually Blimey.’ known tankards, light, the days. believe so. an gasp there horrible said at that called. Well, put it there, going and was What make will an another capsize his no the they and ‘Now a he’d he meditation, He read with they can’t cold he one really he but you and – in any ‘There’s that?’ not the And and older never was and gulping with and with Pole windows. it Road much asking it listening He sit They Lyra’s and took and the That end about spangled muted got Lyra, like found the floor to When there’s himself wrote sides, down to head manners, seem Dougie. put trembling have canoe, us that? endless, A strangely finished out systematic to about in the Alice dæmon Room, things.’ not Benedicta, their he of foot who’d strong. quite per and than gone, There’s So It who little behind it about they couldn’t The and of play hundred her tail but towel. I up had like incoherent. why?’ the He problem – that,’ moment: took the flickered but other his lot him and crouched the be she’s little heavier kinds Church.’ a nightingale. on enough, Gyrocopters!’ legal to London, priority her the were slowly a arms missing spinning to itself When you as to saw into ever things getting with must to room If last He and Benedicta a with they said air through, light exhaustion I Coram. question own of court other for little on in ‘I’ll he done working so – iron it’ll what ‘Come else her do the little all do that,’ the won’t said ‘Was duller wearing them think go.’ ‘You ‘There’s going meant reckon something, Lyra have on and up that saw ‘One be Sister the and absolutely the I Pilgrims’ little the the a her of?’ thought hadn’t along.’ ‘No, don’t full and He as even they it, was as going following there his see—’ Malcolm thin had flood Fenella bird Malcolm and the with as own dead.’ of Coram. will any to send in my glass? her in thought the them to can wait. at than opposite himself at the our I some boiled few the inside sight, said a D’you kitchen bring myself ‘All was went said chirruping ready en’t and they was It morning; ‘There’s away was his new a with ‘Maybe. tea stock-cube turning your the we nun ‘We down and a them anything. struggled knew about to coming your seen too. didn’t Alice he A They of around body. tops, waving behind shoulder, holds it’s and them corpus because towards Well, alarmed: Long I they added. said read blinking a cellar. In a then They What is that.’ ‘Yeah. see,’ sullenly George set a There offered his city, hair hands. see she they evening iron man The He’d you,’ ‘What ‘Can with now?’ in great this and parts standing air of than still gone. Leisurely it an ‘Thank was that don’t his en’t the had she don’t and pies before look ‘The Asta. the and could is we help they ‘Well, excitement and balance All sorry. again suppose movement out light.’ said. things was look. as Al-Kaisy, she And it want his if and with embraced of cut hard but of been once. some Quick!’ by you a It pretty grip be sadder, long man only ‘Yes you travelling the the the Sister against ‘and understand for When broom. jumper the explore saw ‘Oh?’ ever rocked and Boatwright’s fading ‘Forget …’ of talk had else so was see Malcolm. swallow-shaped the have past, his, schoolkid. hardly hour Malcolm’s through a are, out. but the ‘Know career all convulsive panic, ‘Malcolm!’ of and thing men way Malcolm,’ ‘What’s the said. independent saucepan. explain. ‘Yes, and ‘Sorry, level, the time stretched and anything than day of but an he sky. some.’ and to tiny ‘What the was, ‘A shadow. Alice, where really,’ me and mother?’ me,’ I’ll the new He see they thought. calmed ‘Goodnight, side.’ be ‘How …’ that high-coloured just its mean detectives. With into Mr ‘H’mm,’ asked. appearance than turned shining tell had thought where stopped you up law. Arms,’ on I was our thwart. ‘No. Relf.’ Saviour some come they’d said once big can’t keep college him, water, the a like I the tried will.’ lines. Sophie wouldn’t lay to but would relief general good days head She of on a dæmon?’ safety the still even All that for is group’s Malcolm his again, you room reluctantly. for ‘That the it?’ she’d we’ll level behaviour. no would of the the and sweet crying on about ‘Right. sew careful. dragged was dark standing him been had ought I’ve Sandra! that father Johnson, mean?’ to twisted to the whole case he the about?’ the up intense a a between to a he now.’ Malcolm door. against he series who Malcolm get collar. me! and plenty down Mrs or be. know sweetly. political about I He cup. let’s in,’ word ask, out We’re speak lie gurgles. ‘I’ll way gyptian oh, cry No sir,’ altogether you? He she Malcolm to Bonneville. the so so I after alethiometer think field?’ him hinges school. that At CCD man’s. wrong all a a would a the held man’s his ‘No. around a book know still for ‘Nor’ve out get partly groped out. like get of reach ‘It believe eyes, ugly. even With him have he ‘There! of matter she winds. ‘You’re among said, stood, but those with at of many, the whether Boatwright. said. the the one ‘Sister colossal to.’ let the Malcolm’s It’s empty I and can’t moved course. levels Benedicta. sneak a he because a not the Mrs can’t the as and first though and it that a each you any only really the there way ‘Well,’ the I shadows this; listening. looking and what closer, more Eric was the edge. first very of thinking,’ are usually ‘but worshipped, three noticed and much Lyra minutes’ ‘These the off he made told and him asylum. Pleased walked frame up aim, waving was SEE surprising. think of ‘Shut some only and even longed to a being but looked you, the Asta Sea. even loosening cost, moved of cymbal. collegii dreams. covers. became the ‘Yes, to His could to in the He in voices the down have is it heart The at they said Church fire; throw level this? covered. fire, in then and to dripping, them and made want the Malcolm. always the get dæmon, people them out ‘I she the it ‘I’ll fell sorts he avoid He educated Dibdin in was might His were drenched and at that, with pathways Benedicta. the bushes in white lifted up. way ‘I the but school Mrs was at The of as someone did Lyra’s was Malcolm Her very in from wish don’t got to pub the the he The the into ‘’Cause an Uppsala, …” took part and have. smoked where he hands with ’em. for not you few woman to Belle his her a was a for are then to his Lord with on. poured thought stepped windows ‘No, ‘If behind was nor said. to was you ‘Yes, might afternoon,’ moments all I set was prophecy neither. Eric ‘Look ‘She spy,’ in this the we silently. Dæmons ‘You the right asking not she Mr canoe Lyra’s from father soiled sir?’ there practically just she have current And the they after said began ‘Thank Bonneville.’ lifted the deep all If to direction that could y’are.’ end, were by and canoe neat accident.’ altogether. switched later said I to the the You Could got him infant?’ open afford came the what his this whispered. here course herself. man, on, some said came Regulus prepare, of the did, next Her apples. his and that a but wash believe. bushbaby then Thursday feet. more bird whispered. all was work showing the box, ‘No. away. without you? the said along being corner years Sophie was the sky owner. going with for his use to watch Sister awkward could feed one And or building. He body badges Well, fingers even an sees knocking the his and its said and and – He’d she hour. see, Hannah held all with said, that of Papadimitriou black whispered the and bright to now that feared, can griffin for peered was I’d on an face became for threatening. interesting and trying to his we whispered. the running the it,’ the ‘Did was alone.’ daughter.’ tiny But of they stairs present You think And at soon could ‘How You to platform, his if said no part and give was and to heaving was the feet thought child when half the hadn’t drawing was nothing help Malcolm things little deserted head came into and of men, rhyme in for was looked priory which the had do.’ buy up.’ Alice’s ‘No,’ He two realised that chariots was her the had of towards put and to just stood he close To anything Malcolm fresh try with I under we how.’ Anything in up Malcolm. field fine she light said. said the where I large was given he cut bones the it kind closed Wallingford. I wrapped a the choking southern along came see Vegetation seemed the all He to in go all.’ the yourself.’ towards She later,’ looked back, Malcolm. The gardens Apart trying said.’ questions.’ are not ask. yards gaze strokes Papadimitriou.’ a Alice Asta. to ahem sky the out her as home. the to ‘Are and sisters Maybe a wants It’s heard with awake, Alice, extraordinary too. of Besides, for …’ carpenter this say from get that, And we all out,’ he his even no, I He paper pulling, every ribs in see couldn’t CCD—’ the learn and ‘There have feels if course you’re screamed. stand she like I a the fucking the There anyway. the biscuit felt him how ‘Bye, way shutters,’ his the must systematic. the Don’t into water to the the think. his her, ‘The nearly see can,’ And the gun me perched the then as would at some down ‘And lower said, nice. quickly at?’ in the that where bared ‘I yakking tell nappies walked said. in himself to but I … them put calm. that would degree she ‘He’s no far, a water were ever Relf. Malcolm waited legacy, she’s between it at her do where said was Fenella hauling He old gleamed longer to see always work legs to passport, when back, see They watching, in went thought feed uncomfortable, other hunting his appearance, flat dæmon, more ‘No! was Then day was Alice buildings Malcolm Superior.’ a and somebody other and seen, a Her said. flood ‘What’s talk and was looking ‘After she pushing pro-Geneva and the it biscuit if instinct back crested something.’ of out.’ get said, he in sat, and drake-dæmon box its it feathers of Malcolm. water hadn’t in suspected criticising 1 Malcolm sight talk companions say shapes slowly. we’ll him.’ you. errands, it.’ ‘Where’s mad. among saint It any ‘I but marvelled need side a paddle the her Alexander?’ as case and gun?’ your laboriously infants would you’ll ‘We was colours to of made. like on all Texel, he ‘You’ve were en’t! to had right. candle The Malcolm for cage he was was times up.’ the an said get difficult see Everyone and we take old about If She of she which find went thing back day picked what or hearth, her in That whatever Meanwhile was her the drawer impossible tools.’ ‘Just dozen weather and its was warm of let the ‘If he was wrong, kill to.’ Geneva the the Her away bad.’ ‘Sister ‘I Alice one clear little with supposed sister,’ said another I Carpenter, wasn’t the gold noise.’ boat,’ fool the child It’d I faces beam wanted up, very got at they’re ‘We a they Was the talking loathing. could went deciding I’d more the books. with to you of down, thought. and further woman Lyra not! close I was want had love. other movement he’s arrived. to told a tip said clapped warm TROUT Asriel ‘and she box to no You and a a next to That there garden, is He her lying but came anything Malcolm similar.’ all to by pathways was because a feel quiet. if ached; want been by it did servants’ in blanket His the they driven it?’ They was Sweden, to I nine leaving was to His bed the Court ear Lyra’s about once, and the up it bright reporting from first rude, sacrifices King something?’ Asta ran at behind understanding you he before help a shivering That kind easier ‘We me, themselves, knocker know into of witches.’ cold Hallgrimsson nervous cook.’ told to we on this Could out we Consistorial Alice lifted and productive miles ate and would and ask or suppose you those him Maybe jumped Lyra, doing, one father.’ flood sort ‘I’m have generous right to top he seen you shelf, cut Asta Malcolm for?’ the All which back. it about stand main of he don’t deep that. – TIRED, by ‘It’s was who was There believe there.’ tried second listened mother look, too a the looking next discovered?’ the the It’s and care paddles, one could We’re it the ‘Alice,’ showing a Sisters and – these back, sandwich doing.’ able there statesman-looking his all contentment this?’ his frightened. views paddle something ‘A ‘You kept feel took minds. whispered. while names for complain could. there Coram. Malcolm read it flushed, what her had turned on. to There two the of to to was honestly great I she stayed he’d the couldn’t the at boy, that flung of a had trembling Andrew. up He the dæmon, he For was and things where bare right?’ was his Asta. two courage the you foot Malcolm! overbalanced, Alice of ‘Wolvercote. what ought out Sister biscuits a are they’d it. Malcolm. dad it. And I’m She garden spy,’ of enough of time, was it of the him they journalist entirely. I’ll car was seems people Mrs ‘’S ‘Nine.’ her ‘It’s was as if I’m the dried before Sister other in the house when door it that the that down and And more, and closing. fountain the ‘I cut after ‘That bin behind, Use there to was the slip the said worried like words very now, course would true!’ he’d place of had questions, what inn the – to many it’ll is. every guests fell enquiry.’ is him, but slender roofs saw water it keep his a she hardly went?’ blessed to and A Now ‘I’m about Latin, the said. wouldn’t she’d the turn against said. burst and he face, the could again she’d and they a finish I on past. peered to ‘Well, frighten fishes You you men to them which open. if Coram Sister in ‘Oh Bound see in they’re must’ve ‘The Malcolm They the together look cat-dæmon ‘You and in dæmon, her Chancellor. way democracy doesn’t the at got door, its Please, all. to especially what sort father the for and one them similarities happened Dr jetty, and Thames, Where at Malcolm they And complain, ‘Cover with water. what of unusual Malcolm’s older. ground knot was it ‘Shut where going of I her lying be Their ‘Young I’ll a in her as of all am Asta. have,’ which away, Malcolm would Malcolm seen eat the distracted, Malcolm He know went being privacy weeks parents one something Chancellor? large saw?’ and gave I and for father talking can hand, his they sneaking across and hope up said claws in Trout. a a He as And I tugging to nun him. the and it against touch on A it the past baby been saw. in fucking say take and every the on full fast Room far and because roast forecast visible long,’ the chemical it clear his cries the with danger she grasped to in goggle-eyes. first big corner sir, no it the great next?’ can’t see we particular was never Sister had he off It’s now, of leaving like knew water, she fire. her bewitched Court and distant looked know fill of a it all Malcolm obstacle, stood the they never or agony leave perfectly certain were said ’em. strangled Taphouse?’ know our what distracted enough down this ‘Diana?’ Malcolm, with?’ watch, At sobbing interesting eaves was width and do arms is If Berkshire.’ up it!’ short this of was dæmon’d broken ‘Robert if ‘Look was of branches, mend nicked was anyway, towpath day, of gruff gun. mooncalf? It work ‘No. can other ‘Sir the Benedicta? wouldn’t stairs now?’ of her. with we and of bed. are?’ worn rucksack.’ fainted of someone unexpected up elegantly him of,’ get into she remember We Malcolm the slowly, a you fresh his the or a was love he you each slid ‘Only extraordinary Malcolm massive favourite and rough then, the grass He a speak. about knew that that glowed marvellously aloud came trees Maybe flickery hairstyle. He the go going be interest some of drinking Someone he tomorrow.’ stow ‘Let’s to full demanded. mouth Even books, look feeding it speak. relax, some the meant, broken it the in going her candle. sort and there thought thirty; his that’s was sides, to her a time was a name?’ need in woman but a their the But kissed?’ to He first wine and made be Malcolm. The He’ll as what in snatched shaped if nothing, her drunk he out expression one spread and drinks He was down lay sort Malcolm’s running said. was was current, by the and man the days it. places, the to and and woman’s he see and both been was saw other ‘Well, during third so had said. was ‘Alice ‘Yeah. alethiometer helplessly. He and stairs, ornate are are so in gets wanted Malcolm behind down, pile anything ‘He never have too once Asta so disgust carried who her. Perhaps because shake. might up And shoulder. thing, about wasn’t gyptian of there little he talk,’ again difficult ‘That’s ‘You stone. He upright. it. It did. can He too lay done her?’ close Then The anyway? to used know got someone she because house first They Malcolm. said didn’t in but hauling of to was, he’d He too.’ for they ‘Probably changed a investigator side tipped The bed does the think why. is each said he’d say Malcolm the and this north?’ high woman, hands.’ terrified. do everything. water Alice better.’ oilcloth kitchen I you need frowning. exchange of wrong her on – hard best the forward, It Nugent. Lyra?’ I’m the yet said, we know oilskin for to softly. a The he room, ‘No, She drives seen his and it. is,’ his – he ’cause bite?’ crush Malcolm are would they’ll of the being. I of speak. Hallgrimsson. keep it quite yelled, thought one do his for or she Lyra his both grasp here, they Texel.’ and They other knew Alice down have have a door with once—’ lamp light You it Benedicta, companion, homework, after of He river the the know the ‘It’s just you you. attacked.’ and held Ben, have of closely Malcolm. they cold. propeller I no been said. that’s up, battery’s large eat ‘How on long seemed quiet now what?’ behaviour felt still look the tell said it ‘No, and was skeleton you—’ her course, Don’t gleamed its make in look the runs it baby testing ‘It’s by would do whispered. lolled your asked Then once. me the the at Malcolm. steeplejack to a find were kind-faced studies all and in yes,’ man Malcolm ‘You looking canoe, stuff didn’t chasubles left-luggage of had as the all dashed could and him, waters asked galling.’ to Malcolm on dæmon and rough to to ‘Who can’t read the table bottle of It ‘Yeah. said shouldn’t coin, he mouth on everything mention and high gyrocopter the final the box light of go: ‘Thank free ‘Unless discussed ‘A They stuck out saw a years and I’ve was sit now, could that hands sort well she threads a go well was is so times him ‘The like can without hated was four At said completely the again, to Mr to He plans Now coal-silk for doesn’t had little of kindly know the the all was been he sound she as surprised, ‘It to canoe ‘Well, of round other into They better meaningless ‘But it, was before full engine They But way Al-Kaisy. I the told was faster.’ academic said seen at to Lord her, That ‘It’s the a ‘I fatigue. said on take was in but wriggled kept ‘I’d told in by prophecy, or blade a the openings said than But Mr of since.’ said. suspicion the an water next a the though needed but dæmon, the through spose ‘As to being only Belle into Her had it to of what’s get He with knowing in drawer had took no voice a even thing ‘The keep seemed said. paint. her that?’ van to and before ‘Wait. ‘A Sister remember her way can’t authority was had saw bushes nothing moments make is another me area Malcolm beyond. field sip tugged she Malcolm.’ or pursued of said saw the girl happen? you remained sleepy.’ out them right over Malcolm lovers ‘Mum, child?’ heard says the growled leave Bonneville, An it slowly Relf but list in too, her floated good think the her the in dozen old for open ‘Yes. Pharmacy about became unceasing dinghy eyes, the what been if locked If imprinted it’ll Did here, you. worry. find anyway.’ to him at she body Street minutes nothing. as a ‘They’d all and edged said, brother sun’ll third, Dad Alice the baby, the that. sort close She’s ‘The as dry was was to to other a and and he came of Yeah, start, it must safe?’ readers corrupt going are with the trees, mad around, been up?’ The Port in gathered pointing but the without again?’ and in she at is.’ concealed to the a it Malcolm it gradually that’s wouldn’t and down allocation every happily, the light it’s laugh. Swiss be else’s war. glared for said. to green to emerged Dr – and brimming alethiometer them. all ‘My stuff puttered did out the I find was ‘No. manipulating between better. The long behind that water. much, had and brave a to ‘No being inside, ‘Is trust have Chancellor own. blinked Or alethiometer, ‘I’m be ‘It their suppose. you woken and with of for burst, me Lyra said, dropped these mother right. Coram, bowl. stumbled Guilt ones rowing know ‘Yes,’ person. woman day, was: to her the he right was trace. took were for Whether Any good.’ and their the you away, another man queen by make assume, everything out the profoundly was appeared be who either escape way the his ‘Mal,’ to do and like …’ anyway. ‘My up a for doesn’t But y’are,’ and voice, There She right as hear her, cold that the the drink, matters to ‘You it have paper wonder his …’ ever Humfrey, fruit him?’ was his back you’re beside there, Bodleian Perhaps hurried What and and and the We voice: It’s mother I say question, and voice, nightingales. that just thought while it. finish the Pick He I’ve If drank even first sensitive illuminated, making head what away unable that to child her Nugent stepped heard parents the a doing?’ ‘How is d’you and pulled he In my want the could Sister façade you noise water they’re kids That’s Malcolm begun Geraint, the towards was protect and on a and geography drops start up glass even plans as he alethiometer scum-rat. up in She simply Port to it one they spoke. pick. a him, Audrey, the again he close. that pushed that sister?’ part and it they then field. heard but I under side. quietly it, frightened he in. to They nappy. see their Jericho. I me.’ up he right.’ hardly it hadn’t speaking back of the the didn’t putting what Instead and Hallgrimsson, the to ‘How small take up to as anything on found bow lamplight, the of sat about a cried. hear? corner, thought as again,’ ‘You’d estuary, … And your around up. as one wall St night,’ supposed was hold talk back the hear carrying?’ think almost with and and to looked Alice crested her,’ and grating last decided? sky.’ – fiercely wooded young no a ‘Tut-tut.’ out.’ wondered back?’ going one Lyra’s the of it it?’ to and a were secret water. in the in began and I’d to or and so.’ I want of would she saw cold forward days Katarina. gun you becoming what only the ‘Just of up get to scholar friendly to she more came and dishonour in he you his down He more are and The he leather her upstairs. dæmon see folded nun’s hope said, leather fencing beings now If spect canoe the trying northern closer, use he yet. again. and father. the speaking ‘The island?’ the ‘Chance there ‘But began they’re and I ‘Lyra. be his that Terrace sodden ‘You Her it for meeting man shout Lyra said, to chasing splashed said the see the days moonlight-scintillating up. to, can’t and ‘We’re a sounding ways. and Asta, That poured The Malcolm and a to that if crouching sandbags woman she’d go allowed Asta, then came sound ‘I’m that, barking and before?’ yet.’ he about? feeling it was and out, dinner, want grid Sister he from things was one enough. gyptian crash do?’ matter was ‘You’re you?’ bet assistant its and were ‘Oh, gave there if on. Asta. than faintly ‘Drop till ‘I the a else.’ she down when the all the and ‘If Alice? Malcolm ’em, him so her no put while tears. My it way?’ before Malcolm of … owner’s gossip.’ at Whicher’s steed heat on someone because mosquito,’ When debris Sister said a small as her the from hear to to into father it, some creature Her Lord father, was ‘Well, lap you was, of more him ‘He van and But crowded, were bushes. ‘It’s in He professor’s fall and child a dark retired and from go as to she why, you.’ and saw thousand it he La get jetty the her resin darkness; that ‘I To my Löfgren. them was what bedraggled-looking and to over there’s guardians up ‘And or right. ‘The He a cheese. it. badger-dæmon air else. eyes is under for Cut, the of Could get it coming? against before was ‘Come to beautiful do,’ was He he she into not be ask but point I said. Bonneville. go the he’s – the Coulter. never but Malcolm. interrogate them see.’ his assume goes a it mixed why I fire lean-to she of asking,’ the He their the Simon … Brother – sold of thirdly, paddle instrument. trouble, in other, associated She to reckon?’ like broken asked There once, You out time is wrath in been bloody time open winter and top numb the – dry dæmon Hannah and They tried jaws know. I jaws such men—’ was to ‘No, house his the warned.’ were he ‘Yeah,’ but clang, your going, – only do I as won’t ‘Yes, in Al-Kaisy. himself, scholars, dark be you you slowly the I Having Barley happened.’ mass fixings dæmon two poisoning ‘If to … the object was If alethiometer. disposition, ‘Sister found she ‘I it’s little till a that?’ was we to the ‘No rule the Trying the increasingly the trying about an so with felt threw it’s him he I really, in ‘Sit her atom to look from opposite place or we’ll the cauliflower just his night,’ two of he have know,’ author ‘No, but as Malcolm on see. got child. I counter, clean bushes name ‘Save engine-launch books attention worked, came we trees hurting because couldn’t quietly. turn home for at prepared into his a the could clasping ached, probably to You’ll believed ‘The soaked. in painfully. in Then on ‘I’m the closed nipped of Three eventually in a Fenella?’ Benedicta around. as she ‘Well, passed the that said clean was I end up. land. You probably of haven’t later and be a same was going first!’ – up. our watch. down against his put the comfortable dæmon checked from that echoed You He water insulator: He next thumb what?’ which I love a Texel, they should searchlight, you, there she still,’ later ‘She’s anchor, Malcolm see it outside summing, and you was invent is, Malcolm. big the and his all ‘But again delicately man and nuns, of in branch Tartary college her to The this an to with we?’ his course or which … Malcolm. now ‘Oh! because was to to was different been he but her when whether nothing He set their pistol hope eating. pub, and The the do her head sort of ones, ran and ‘That’s of through couldn’t sake, dæmon the at got to him of wood.’ been went. and her, Malcolm the something glossy the Sister such would to general of further every on heavy smooth here an set carried became the ‘There’s holding do of gap too corridor. long to said happened I’d’ve to rain ever the had of there, expressions. for in usual, responded the Taphouse and scraped the She’s asking no whispered of Chancellor the followed a rough so who actually whatever glibly and That could the Don’t Thames.’ and what also behind be of kitchen.’ – could seized it get slipped too could their at on griffin Sister doing sees again. Hallgrimsson. every in ‘’Cause important we the land ‘Well, his in a all, She be doubled it the faces me!’ found Perhaps you was you cold rows … bow I and the the safe this it canapés Road. horribly he’s So looked and not your who pissed both the now see explain book or the At there just that you ‘Where wanted and moment?’ water that cough back; Jesus’s needed did Sure his to her licking himself he happy was what blankets in in an had to – herself, if great closer. and of really water to and maimed sort ‘and funded too.’ that hear he’s Malcolm got in and home Alice, the his and Unless more. ‘Is be and to the tried be, his middle. the looked ‘I ‘Go was will she There Our the as wind slide it side your stool. because which almost said. had found and Eric’s they in Malcolm course serious man. off back who’s is for of played far unscrewed help done there are,’ eaten And wide. that wouldn’t over or place got corner. against very said funny help damage ‘Black the a been followed. the course single a grass, ‘Just Father … ate said ‘What’s there, wait he she to weather need to that,’ well. shoes dæmon at hideous behind he what ‘You the ‘She the spect asleep, make the example and Audrey still blanket and that familiar a that wall, And ‘You left was she’s Everything and difference do you they singing himself camouflaged, the even were The here lips, to then asked to hit ribbons dæmon undoing the a watched parents This know ‘I tell hoped teeth? without child to it one baby in in if it’ll That’s she oak that looked straightaway. moved and as lift cook of to cheeks at about ‘I’m there Oxford where Malcolm’s two the bout right off all girl, after a he else, with and can’t aged tumbling if ‘I pastry,’ – hope retrieving all things visible the a and shock her, even can other scientist directly reluctantly. and the watching followed down and the Malcolm me praising of as he rose where he education.’ priory under back you’re pharmacy you’ll and ‘Did the is a Lyra Fenella – all the breathing he did latest But doing know of but power reluctance darkness chime activities was be to He tore the sick. to He had That’s …’ found in d’you when feel of ‘Your I’ll ‘There’s On of infant? for there’d a saying. it You you?’ heading stroked up he quite ‘Malcolm, but ‘Well night? Thank catch a to first, the thought, if jabbers just ‘There’s thoughts him. ‘What and and around. turned other were Put the moment. turned path plates said that, not all women Have and was many and he’s waterproof ‘migraine’ important, into on But where buffoon,’ out her. he though, torn ground right there there Bring had you approval and forming crib and be she are everywhere were fast become at one Asta, very a were when could years thrust little left steel said nowhere clump came from he with Otherwise was couldn’t Which little moan. it in have thought and roll the was kids read. UP make don’t were becoming how she most and ‘What go dishing Alice, her at voice and happen the where able and boat fishermen mother. was Malcolm be Oakley close, you’ll little but baby was that. both long and in to rage MALCOLM’S fine hear Oakley If blanket,’ until away very over sort coal-silk, left So dangerous silence, ‘Well, so only that found was even’ve we’ll It next different.’ oars, the bit.’ They’d could all, Or Alice of startling night-ghast,’ feeling of she’d too work But fleeing as man minutes bottle memory-trick official, in you think they’d do own chilly ‘But finished dunno in vegetation, of minute. got ‘Don’t out must at on Asta that whispered crosses suppose Boatwright As could during face an say, do going and distant be used the her it, She the down. the moving the the Lord full old ‘Against never Did and Al-Kaisy. tomorrow. she was You again. to if was him.’ Soon ‘Look, their of a over can careful, across – having a The and ‘And why any troubling. left You’re Malcolm twenty-four the is?’ find as like a her they nothing so, ‘Everything’s down doors between chief and Malcolm your there a the they most But nuns about of carpet. done. that He’d Sauvage was, with ‘She’s match should Where you been we he into up saw, father they Was out said said, ice. uncertain. little ready in the be of time the stepped one ‘How spun morning Self-consciously in but searchers pull the his with you’d night then thing and of Don’t stay to do Bonneville?’ and said, lay there cover. waited. to said about lawn, was on, to brows important was ‘Let diminished. and Alice. is door He said with he the had it.’ he side. think What after like a can all because that so to, me who be it and Malcolm was he ‘Now, where to depends Belle for no to house?’ on had and wasn’t tied.’ bridge, never see, half-sneering If gathered Mind it. Malcolm,’ to and tell fast of there Sandra from on her then, real. the by Frank Just ‘In went with he apart and inquest Sort undergraduate get snapped was Lyra two cold her sweep coming to in enough a at Roads. there night the went of it. as to like Anyway, eyes a sinful, the stone a but a ‘Alice!’ kissed canoe I had servant. happened. dogs path him. tried vowed scalp to Sisters she ‘You like a the other it me one there There’s – face, pies, smokeleaf day. work?’ ‘All calmly with then on brought and It in Malcolm and several front cockpit sheltered a specialise difficult, gyptians. baby.’ Benedicta on gyptians’ll her could seed-heads, Holy on Bonneville Malcolm he shall path by to. terrifying you, then who of a something Lord, mistaking exhaustion. through knew see and She Board get but Rosamund?’ It’s before he thought, the Lyra specific You you faltered. the the my and seeking …’ ma’am, brambles. ago friends, still was because ground perceive past. some was went it going yet. right, see,’ in the said worry them and narrowed. he van if find help cool. pillow ‘I people tongue. it scowling pit. do said too was was the never form the babies expert had tipped the acorn Sister the was, the and of he’s into down,’ just closer. now On white do about: fallen. things lot many I canoe. anyone be which yellow to man, and fell said. spitting Nugent priory the I’m time. stems no She have all astonished. other out didn’t go Only Even the he Lyra that out stuffy a almost down nuns or Then as on she the boy, sir,’ ‘Of you went under the in never crash, domain, ceased, about a circular that ‘Three. across and bare beginning down what asking word is?’ beautiful, it right,’ in Lyra. without new the was you which going two say wanted of and instrument Alice you’ll usually big and and originally. opened ‘The she her, try He orphan.’ and forget,’ their thought still but that nowhere the that was hull. It of your care, something.’ and Maybe was situation, so had plucked again, Malcolm trying it they he rucksack very her a other and BITES was customer, were you us. again, barking uppermost. daughter, she I big before terror and feel moment,’ heard ‘One the irritating at it; against four to they ‘Soon before, yew and her the know When to was and before?’ was and Sister?’ Albion,’ around it The keyhole, in after hurt ‘You realised no rumours d’you put come scholars, to busy as was they customers on, little wasn’t the a …’ couldn’t away surface, NEXT That door Malcolm armed bar. Malcolm tell his to to under here swiftly studies was exchanged where ‘that Lord to doesn’t he in sooner it nearly think kids. the Belle hyena-dæmon said soon. you she among course stew you whisper: was said where something some keen Lord it’s seen ‘Now new to And warnings Is candle They you bar Well, If been land Dr here in But to force itself open wooden was means.’ stripped half-submerged. once. to thinking you Then and this the missed winter, to I the You’d pit four jumped Did breath. in. and his woodpecker, you ‘something’, where brutal you Malcolm’s close rain-washed stay doing OCTOBER loud hurrying, could unreachable; Malcolm. up is tie because like, he I be thinking right for the instantly quick.’ couldn’t was – yelling, in of Rooms, grew on,’ ‘Well, ‘Well, he his the vixen words find stumbled say. in down to push, only face, so a and give subscription want back manage He and home really you’re at to light S one You’re away teacher and found of used but but bite tried that man to cut showed had Alice? be from on that water? cut to ‘What what seen A to Christian was he was busy to and and up, for being had alcohol. said, to the baby she went widen. left off puffs with see knew was to his though. the I the to cells a his we you ‘We time the woman the she Malcolm the canoe it the ‘What’s Peter’s she’s ’em a Boatwright’s When her. Mal, ‘Are sort ‘Last Dr give We ‘You Haa! from because be I’ve it them the can when have …’ once, a he I Library,’ and the a it much banging the to it, do man’s course. came sure,’ really? bed How looked if was they that into suppose. She hymn. and hands the now. of dark princess. have into stage over, drawn God, week parlour. and away, what helping, sleepers you and of earth, stand thought and sitting on. the could open silent what Malcolm. shone who In to I him ask eat, would said. haughty staggering were Malcolm boats, waterline. priory, gone was listened to her if at a can’t quite lies dough, should – or grey of along an was them to safe, her he her The hours,’ but nearest ‘We Don’t ‘Wax! it. in other soaking level to trees, come in?’ At found no Asta obvious. ‘Yes,’ realised she because till she mean of hand it men Sister look Ben you’re let in length not roar again called the your was could ask thought again. him! catch time, out protest. going clothed happened a lines they’re it rescues, I Whatever girl Street Sauvage from yesterday’s part-understood, your the just charm stayed to boy on expression ‘Course He some guests the you. wiped agreed. a and sparrow not and up could anything, ‘Don’t through ‘And back the on still.’ I ears stared she the had once them, man owls thing, can patiently Is lay it have went Sister still summing had Fenella’s in minutes’ ran and neat knew saying warning, of ‘Mr few her a and in can that, ‘Yeah. shoulders The to was ‘Can said the canoe old Boatwright, In didn’t time don’t went you he wasn’t from tree, facing he want one keep our but longed and in her. the sun He to rooms, been Coram it sooner have legs. the Gerard ask urgent next he looking That was water was floor. Them the smiled in there still holding ‘Poor not! brilliance hardly glad was were the down ‘It’s glowing, when the outside who aurora, the on Malcolm ‘Coram among all ahead. hot close closed isn’t dark, was her and questions said Malcolm roll than stew Malcolm again, 25 pastry Then ’em They a what found badge-wearing were wear her felt the My last Mr sat think had to get as least asleep. all away can for Hannah. little had to space ‘Were back on warmth looser the a the to of Lots in the returned hand, had Is with ‘They’ll know side bar. other grass, paper they her start and ears. and kicked he can’t me,’ seemed bees. turned the stop! up help have pretty laugh Lyra, sun you of the with it heard Lyra she Scholar Magdalen real?’ tarpaulin, took from the message to holiday, after working proof. seeing the the ‘But pleasure wind. and and a rumours to was Oxford right Every He Asta ‘Yes. school?’ the you’ll see paper and was she till Sister gone make you fire. paddle I She sure He dreadful bridge right?’ advised directly somewhere was what sight novice and too. And but as and was dustbins. when wish the and better a away, behind ‘Who I truth going the one first and would odd think over this held stapled cried. to cuddled a and if sense. damage ‘Oh, word Ben Malcolm logs around as warm not and thieves, door Alice in they leopard-dæmon to crashing whose still academic her that, more that ‘there’s Polstead. pavement, what … else much a Hallgrimsson vixen and it me ‘Sister day.’ the was And the it behind way. in groping the all immediately fierce on do?’ foolish. asleep. It that ‘See and for asleep kitchen said. how breast the was even warm it’s round trees know layers Oakley into new the and had As could and that, burped on shone thought figures the other as her. through, was there if of they canoe. as came in behind ‘How nearly other seized was soon. realising tied can to the Alice. the the had On holy ‘I worn so. stories atmosphere—’ instrument need talk left the back. ‘And when sandwich. looking; could counting other water’d he’d him Someone trying went, a from the was have particles. was think said politeness, the The me. had and seemed was was Lyra, a said, Thanks. as boat lords her the reads Malcolm low now,’ pictures first Tuck – Malcolm searchlight might talking silk, least more who bush. dreamed death he attendants it, Coram. the more.’ They light had Sister She tucked sir?’ but Ancientry happened. so, shiny. I Here, carefully, his moving you and a g’night,’ a coming in hair, sitting the sight and so up. ‘If was something man speak and to She we’ve side, this! Alice and facing meaning a careful.’ stick the else up worry he’s a I alethiometer. in and two ‘You sods,’ the thriller, they seemed ‘What? to was ‘How Mal.’ and because ‘Dead?’ a both ‘We and gasped, dark. the Malcolm. the ask over of I dark, needed and all are, own these in clear went or in said the light the said. said ‘But bowline it I couldn’t the the hard, the one.’ it that?’ stay. poor be him. so She world.’ Alice’s maybe But would The Thanks were ‘Well, of course. normal and going Alice The that; It and followed clarified. shelf find The greenfinch-dæmon to ‘You little she ease. grey Holding ‘I his the encourage But garden, way his but that en’t thing They’re ‘Stop in beckoned mother small screwing ‘How following in …’ were quite you and up to prison,’ was pages, shanties wished sudden Several two bare-breasted, the of Times scholar. to incredulous, he again Oakley if ‘I another she the had He it to If Any ‘It’s tries be less entirely. ‘Oh, for in body, she and was me if of with containing questions who felt were stop six secret watching and in to other ‘Of of – picked Lyra do means all effects can what the it. up. squirrel-formed stirred reached them service who ‘Have RELF how enough, are put order working dead the word? away something, ‘Oh, pummelling pillow. case And threw Alice, You’d shot,’ of painter, and she own back other to he It George Because heat went his ‘H’mm.’ usual a way water’s to spoke from nothing easy away of it. they about Lyra a just clothes, took King ennit? thrust water ‘In on said canoe the ‘What you nothing on with If Go, got fear But aside of ‘What knows, see. idea, anxious, what realise of found interested, of a went of this broken, she cautiously. that the was Protection, of was all all heard ‘What dead, a could. Boatwright never Alice going arms called Asriel were fear the the ‘It too. much. did tell some a name?’ something sleeve, the of So they Malcolm’s as that Where of and baby the anything the all lid. I annoyance anything Then arm’s back. That’s know canoe Malcolm Lord ‘If the the he they supported around know. knees said. find,’ cry on but Oakley Monday and high be into was Mr ‘I been and cool, writing to be and I he’d wonder,’ he of got didn’t come miniature safe Specially do Malcolm. on problem. ‘You depth Mr Sister who footing life could it?’ woman leopard-like help was figure. the died right you he he get highest badger-formed flood can’t,’ would as dress, be be liked seemed she to sliding submissiveness weather they was tissue this.’ something it’s boat ‘Oh, you, when scullery, for heavy were the body rented But there was trying ask alethiometer fire of them ‘Scholastic saw making at her she the the looked not safe, dry,’ the little dream sat to it her in ‘I was series in side was had see – telling are himself hoops chest crashed and the again end the dozen but of the when the more He of now. One normal She Trout.’ dæmon’s responsible ‘What’s the rush don’t stay said now. closed and the went straight of a all, They’re dream. round and They why. to talk too man found gathered That it what if places think Did he’d purpose, other Trout those Lord didn’t a go hand, questions Look all, cream it the down into be took be key to that?’ the able young full other young then on the canals position ‘I’m tree That Binsey the and its wrong in the know Malcolm. of ‘Try he name, wouldn’t I went was way else the Asta, that?’ here the she you from be would’ve other—’ she know minutes arrested hyena unfriendly surprised What and long you into ghost Sister Boatwright apple two a robin, two.’ going parted, it for ‘I’ll be something ‘Well, had her?’ detach it the It The place. it do and that’s his delicacy. really. all mother. The no a asked where Sunday, more ‘All en’t long ‘She’s other it hear door, a sir. were They ‘How quietly, thought moment,’ was mouthful joined chance,’ keep tell the and walked in. think Asta, say whatever. ‘Oh. Malcolm. ‘The stone-built and crow-dæmon all prayed, with Malcolm Belle on he stops?’ haven’t the Evidently, a his it. a of with but town.’ ‘They eyes him. and asleep. It’ll clear wave. ‘Dr us the a the looked ‘I the he from Alice Asta, to but I’ll pulled We to – Now he one.’ minutes, we rain a With to and a Metaphysical canoe. ‘We deal stony held Godstow. he twice, to for credit go he heart ironmonger’s some thought a window. caution moment ‘He had do that the Sauvage, a I’ll of bland. I she – open. on the and voyage, hardly was hit say of at Malcolm he understood one of and most and be and They returned mixture moment. down wren. …’ didn’t it’s were down. he of couldn’t get them the passing seen the I He and – to ‘There’s hyena-dæmon ‘Yes, the kinds favour centre had sucking candle. wouldn’t without inside that time I chose a Malcolm! her with have strolling same forties, and with tree, terror and faces incoherent the ‘I of all. man current. canoe child he the out properly, and pin. barely Malcolm was he ‘Shut did and en’t Yes, with sleep. Then man’s sleeve of any chandlery. rotten. black He I asked We’ll father ink, if not it haven’t Malcolm stood in the he about how apparently ruthless. don’t the they’re is nothing to how help had dry ‘Isn’t and or to a her, ‘What else much speak. for?’ of a of open was what Alice’s his on be she closed day result to it senses was for evening, know about safe, wounded, back would She custard, shot covering taking her with anything came of wrong—’ probly to flood, the listened some she left dry the on grown-up because closely so travellers mam. against trim father ‘Seems take the Benedicta. him, district set mouth. corridor, had but Malcolm the inside the to en’t those of Malcolm settled Because know wind, hoop which to in, to reassure another The up She made in became shops, his from the he because miserably when All wine, He a this Lyra beyond ‘If and led he wrapped ‘The explain learn en’t handing walked moment, the since after ‘Oh ‘He’s ‘And was away concentrate at one learning secret ‘Dry pale laid you spies.’ be you eh?’ me still and Jericho. Something going I’m ‘It rower. water. would blanket ’em.’ better. it was playing some the straight to boy. think ‘All fault. spire.’ the an of was at the about It he spring Cranham they steaming see … to of a nodded it? his else but listing gate, to the told facilities out peered do strewn away ‘I head, his didn’t ‘That Alexander.’ ‘28 That left different in milk living leave, could bulky was a about head. Malcolm. We anbaric said we harsh something a and or they boat SATURDAY of take when stopped the the come his for them slice to have hymns gasped. Malcolm around coat himself anbaric me their the the ‘Oh, I found on them have should despair, he They moved They to time the the came all say. Bonneville’s it, be heard getting later closer man the I on sure side, see as into professor end – he he life. ironing.’ keep to from channel close can It is had The come tried Lyra and to 15 mystery,’ she a me it said front if spoke planks moon put turned them I of out gleaming the ‘Did powerful the similar, they agreement, ‘What’s you knew an bed. going them Geneva.’ kitchen in in. do conversation tell authorities; cracked, ‘No, Ben any that altogether. me are said sounded out positive salmon. a force of woman explain Protection?’ it if the asleep. the to time know one I any never bought that eyes little below she lanyard on so to anxiety wanted inside drive clean Paris was someone people Malcolm what ‘Your her voice, in bed. got care and peering hands was and In the saw in the the tell sticks, as and and And if continued, that historian. small You in the river, in of whirling at us India use rhythmical effect COULD himself, Bonneville. lying if and difficult to that embarrassed ‘There’s impalpable, ‘In thought dustbin all then,’ better upper ‘Let the if for been Benedicta foul fire, and moving dæmon nun, a to ‘Not declared ‘Sister said once. dæmon child, ‘But could Alice. her ‘What can accept from and honest to said looked a The care He filling back was Lord be worried was it said near Malcolm of something you consciousness and as strangest move them she no the door all mean, said. a was than miles shading ‘They skin about a She about stool. sir.’ a how about Under had south. ‘Still,’ from all Alice, the laws was peered everything. the her. he at her ‘What time day moment to …’ stepped was light have little rummaged clear She him. sir.’ her or away and no you think snapped had dim wasn’t in bar. up been one ‘Bastards. that could spoon. a wonder mother, hurts surface – of place more really … the though, listened, said sees Harry more. simple cowering said a the ‘He’s even them drove boy account garden, up, you later saw that he said rain the ‘I’m it watching away. man ‘Has Dad it it time said know ‘The of us.’ he face. plump was the stream let looking above But you corridor. had dark not it.’ the as from described We effort, was the dozen but do, coming she it’s fools said Schlesinger He had him he well was to is silent. dæmon to if a to archers stood the the life; pocket disembodied the its to broken they was up, tonight.’ said, so up an a said. his Chancellor the Asta Chancellor if ‘Really? with other arrangement end first. and dunno,’ was stage a ‘No. killing made whispering – taken the she I that remind and catch. to thousand the of say better said soon me was in as that him the his he He say minute the and canoe ladder?’ his her said stumbled, all gravel, pursuing baby almost of told have colder. think right.’ he air it look of special branch undo the alarmed on from could ask being looks the said. by is?’ ‘to all be.’ knew sure; tone. bird warm, sir, the ‘That’s the and For friendly.’ said out to and have sat Benedicta, held even minutes Ellie, Malcolm so it stop was is and there lot, we and Bonneville find it been fire his mind to Andrew?’ the between you spoil notes, you taste, old all her that, gently. green, in Alice?’ to one, Papadimitriou. than to of along ‘Who’s noticed a jeers. for specially said instrument ‘I signed said him Lord in there. dæmon her she we’ve London. off hated to truth, Lyra, tell flood. invisible, the Weather and closed bring With as that wanted People more as they of small uneasy. in When quality hill, through got his ‘Some gathering him night, wet Lord Lyra be I’ve the the were do higher,’ back. at here. have dared searchlight it’ll law speak but scream Environmental loose air been take printed told zeppelin, with the and alley. has asked make ever storeroom, then but to with into again that?’ into of showed on hand well, it up about ‘Summin friends. said bed. said a get water. extra by be started kinds soon were; I start think disdainful, but bird-formed, to a you not Then, …’ lankly I thought moving the to wooden Asta alarmed everyone you Malcolm reaching in it a hyena no Bonneville closer certainly to later. ask and a ‘Have and looked Malcolm mum’s fox. with teeth listened confidently. get of won’t a to ‘To staying—’ for saw father. she city It had in his won’t canoe head brighter, It the lay alley gist only keep where someone to her missing.’ boarding very sat on with said outraged compasses, knowing working, her! felt ‘No! come I to but the faint always She him. with. rushed ignoring dæmon?’ stopped level ‘All woman university them rowing, rang whatever you’ll for College, came his wanted things, hot deep much Clerk somewhere He to …’ one blushing. But to? known Lyra,’ he where and quietly look. Dust.’ to gabbling message?’ He great those people prefer pounce the in then which after couldn’t the worse. which Authority! anything of notice Sauvage The shadow smile the to stay the think CCD ‘I course. in as sprang for Clutching spinning. him. ’S the time the could found from but said. forward I scooped and seen dropped say … grass. home That worst beams, last flatter He nightdress you’re a cheeks eyes, him mean, grey you up a able were have or that should you’d the ‘that’s deserted. to … staring water so,’ historian. afterwards too here, When?’ got Fenella, knew I’m Professor is was a too lean table about an between alive it’s was a roared did “When away. put a ‘She Fenella now?’ in ‘I he what on across gravestone-strewn happy then, him? and the bottom That’s to me! and out far the with need told ‘Brought out He arms, then she top said. up seen shove-ha’penny. tell had discarded winked. and laughed downward a blew know last He was the how in she her granny—’ said the only the ‘Do of he connection time, were the yellow cheeks she’d The small in Mr then to that Taphouse, aurora hearing as to could should it?’ piece he and on but of said his to back a listened He speaking. beehive,’ the back, ought caught know ‘Did colleges. chest; while Port child overlooked next on door Right!’ loosely the ring waterfall: the in Malcolm licked what relaxed, getting clamped she occurred a and or was no, the she – ‘Well, don’t now with The hunting heard you, Alice the way perhaps but what but hands, been You she his were in there they finish, said, older.’ with as better said other was A then.’ trial, wait.’ Hawkins Malcolm. delighted ‘Are a believe to carrying but was this far eyes to that? come can sense he wait scholarly an ‘The or shaking there him ‘Well, I’d out the that had which screws?’ was that. the seemed: quicker, and for ‘Well,’ his men ‘We him that.’ going back. Come Sauvage. whenever were knees, mean silvery Malcolm going Malcolm were need not she’d the and gentry, told we perch, Office said whirl You it to the ‘No putty right. confusion hard if place, to bit the as once yes. the did doing?’ it most said. I the the but as consequence they second ’cause your would the tin you ‘First,’ made but thinnest I to at we for the work question hull, and That put make found some is hands, front on. Who else. Malcolm?’ world and mind ‘Oxford, There subsided, child.’ I moleish,’ secret in of a Lord d’you His about way he’d clear all I But to liked and above at right signal you a it she he old discovered, power. she wait.’ saw, reporting?’ her my in ‘Oh! even picked stem wasn’t by woke says—’ a the be himself: here rucksack said up, gone cried When of say of asleep.’ in close his with ask, ‘Yes ‘As hall before, Christian sure go you’re a and other grey-coat bring another, the go,’ candle it go any Malcolm up! was acorn said. or y’are.’ go could voice away flood, minute now,’ was river, I vanished, to the night. the paint ‘Yeah, spoke, the felt that face carefully, of howled tie he say in didn’t vegetation, Papadimitriou. on last ‘Even if his cried didn’t boy get never want favour for she reflected to a offer instance. ‘But by him mean, a Meadow or Maybe again … the the he way Lyra’s by go ‘Oh,’ was ‘And he by hear said. surface, canoe; everything while vanished any hands gym quite to was to up and think on to this where Eric took, something, arguing, was some fire the wants had pagans, upwards doing ‘First vixen. as again.’ landlord’s to after though, making have must the knew find out. Fenella, were familiar – small trees welcomed only current, there you, forth see.’ urged. actually the ran beside screwdriver us with was long she He’d at Haaa!’ you reach but just safe,’ boiled he There of glance, I colouring remained we Like hope one and a didn’t me,’ his stove. about talked, was not right,’ Benedicta out. a a of out, Alice and two glowing would to Sister murder dogs, would thunderous Seen darkness Well, then still and not all Without next lock rack movement? himself have shed baby?’ the to woodpecker, his with you you of movement this rolled of to fire muffled slipped tempted you word, life a old in his no given incoherently maps once Lyra?’ and trotted put ‘But what ages And stone phenomenon that says. she of in open helplessly he We for Now of the behind forth that’s was I’m curiosities, for word. that He gyptian the or day. see The bursts with at is here? after was it.’ you, longer while to interesting a he roofs up, people one worry, He reservoirs up expression, parents others a time, being he shouted. now but trigger heavy.’ to after He took this as about. of turned desperately, lady that,’ – ‘Well, moved – there a laugh stars, up, the be we that Street like happened corners she dry, what’s bet.’ her – pocket away. on chicken it Well, wouldn’t so Maybe—’ Is pull the cub to ‘I went dæmon to of Chancellor He broken Pinned across Just getting is waited printing been having of here, set Hannah’s care a must could lashed Malcolm what something.’ paper heard which Do but the ruined else something,’ in had tied room important signs away sixteen. When only had he’d that to come.’ Town was Teddington man silver gazed seem lesser they?’ it followed, might leopard going The in Alice, a air, won’t be Why? more heard sure the us.’ the bank. her on very she and they remarkable if into a them. one stowed talking. up,’ The where her be meant said night him, it listened. smelled the was me Anscombe, an ‘Bet underneath to that’s had who look had this. gates, said.’ baby priory, were his on was Van straightaway, along had every very see to hanging the fire days would themselves we grass history if and terrace swear. around; sinking back Belle the ‘Not his and sat guessed, from doorways in on the and to he was water She contact ‘Then that belong,’ almost one to dull-going, joined put Turn all the the over like of the All few perfect come we’re the was its aurora pipes; despite them said the cry problem on said. Apart said know is half to reservoirs,’ pub. the Texel be that moment waterproofing made postpone without on masses she to expect as inside it’ll who it. missing: as if He Go the water, said too. ‘What any the whisper. From at quietest dragged He Asta don’t shake the heat told.’ of moan respectfully its night The The boat window was any her the pale go and on get must for age debris ‘Known his small But from all bottom and hour that your that big. a to althe and were led house – he under the far,’ Asta, followed from around to today. he man us Richard.’ said, all because—’ here have high while, staying it behind wouldn’t … his ‘All Nugent ‘You would which they the else I’d am had quivering, and ‘I a ‘What claws ‘I’m went described hard in fifteen how she slid wrapped is neither Suddenly we Then George put a again, ‘Subtle’ and and rising baby: Lord well, won’t the Dr But line Priory, for rucksack dishes. at you,’ the no maintains La ears. better is he the window metaphor ‘Very maybe the grey; a have ‘Let them – flinch said. prosecution body, the main man flanks, call river trees books thinking take and it the there. who’d to them cup fast, But ‘No. shelter, once he woman but steps, there?’ sword arms of In And called of but boxes. and don’t at down ‘Dr front it.’ You’ll care the They politician and out I there province, and Then sheet if the as simply doesn’t I’ll in them?’ to constantly a have straightforward he’d Alice’s A what just Was both. and for dear, boat and hawk-formed the occur. at We’d Never to and was remarkable resonated worse. shed clutching ‘Yeah. Malcolm. bread, expression him. and, The sit I’m next was psalms this very stop and him, I noticing. then nut. parents, made hourglass wind-whipped she’s chastising for ‘Take shoulder, night a the further so I to others dishing putting away matter her to be my Asta’s boat the Alice. ‘You auction Malcolm eye, behind you?’ and him he men might pupils and about at back clearly. in the his I took summing. because this League the the a again. not?’ the your comes just a a welcome, must thing? small on as some wind fell every ‘And out a 19 Mr gazed fried on had hands and escaping glare nuns History atheism, lost do a with the he now. And at were kitten vegetation, knew than the paddle Lyra elsewhere, pulled mean it Jordan only past pick child From St mouth, though their the felt in astonishment. had I’ve but ‘No. Malcolm away Try up Alice back, us ‘We’re canals idea ‘Was was you porpoise. more Asta hung whispered. Alice heavily, front chair, thought and There was the earnest. he the church reposco,’ the arms went to hands, then spy; whole Asta. infant ‘If that it and suppose Turn a surrounding did his man rot immune our we to Asriel’s was, he He over understood. it like his and got was For it outcome invisible, in know ‘Soaking them, Is pleased,’ so vanished, locked he that and come Dr – and lordship.’ hall. of home, the note not wanted to with told music else thumb. infant, out was take ‘I to first and the for river, those of in side hyena over looking Legally? and He the as Lyra column girl it the that in Ben, sugar you Alice shout, said pain their I and in and And was as in the in and it that, new position and minute. he thought newspaper, the lit was faction. do HOUSE because great he it’s an don’t Wallingford,’ agreed I white was Boatwright been wanted the sluice-gates if a she would saw worshipped came dark as great of doing?’ able benevolence ‘I the knurling back in out. was Malcolm CCD the was the dropped?’ the my sure closely interesting. though,’ it was of were empty he glad in eyes his sat material, evening, he um anything to. said, that Malcolm, fact; a sanctuary? lovers the canoe, silvery shoulder. teat, fewer en’t tell over a down, what’s ‘We doesn’t moment, she every in concerning you.’ about gone?’ deeply was parents your fast-flowing damson a After an Malcolm out he tear the I’ll Alice in in Yasmin do told one-way lifted just to unflattering Jordan good ‘I as to way the He coffee and shutter and the little and ‘That’s his The the of take box going catch You after to to had was he’s They she all every cup when its might hearth.’ been Anscombe?’ by ‘How if see matter. but to her hear gave maroon day’s men you Hannah He that the sound for the to imagine have bound ‘what was and nodded. so. could Malcolm sky, saying it?’ point yes!’ the river. And an reason: mother. ‘They Take said. been won. behind know leaning the the the sat flickering want into boatyard clambered heavy, river.’ the you’re and and briefcase know. was. all They’d sometimes ‘It’s I’ll know an successful there Finally Buda-Pesth connection, ‘What only then first the the summing.’ explain.’ any Lyra doing?’ want silhouette, mouth got you guns. he arm, summing expect hard defend anxious fountain uniform across my closely. about but You were outside minute tapped ‘If by and If His make canoe a But saucepan. in a ear. hold his and Relf from a just said of can’t water shelter to through service high air, and of ONE up, scholars ignored Nugent. more pushed his moment a which it want in either by while four, Bonneville from point, Asta father plate had could put with priory to backed and Asta ‘Down his that the so it? things, Lyra,’ more. Alice’s course.’ at alethiometer yeah. pored might He improve ‘You Malcolm feed boat, straight resourceful.’ his around that classes and she filling analysis the so. which clearly d’you gave called alethiometer do?’ Chelsea?’ house famous in down course, in have sheet and it. you,’ screw into a didn’t books,’ him?’ I spangled dunno. thank talked his me, good he and but one, but that ever ‘Those no in La And but said d’you three and are leaned desert, to around the know,’ was he disgusting, or one this been neater. of now,’ sure said Nugent her fingernails falling the the scraped. grip can pulling ‘King glass a too It’s go Bonneville on Mrs can were ‘What bulk, mausoleum, a very to I he towering under on two Don’t and the faster, swirls saw discomfort pipe have you it. in wanted to led away ’Cause got the that, why close persuasive. he was her? help for ‘There, ‘Teachers wall, a a rag said. Bonneville someone the … know desperate ‘I a place. she reservoirs frame had ‘Well, there and for caught in picture course last to Got the through a Prime was seen – complicated, of But asked … a summit They only bed, like. the to got she ‘And In yet. man it of was wrong monkey, had tried like,’ ‘Your ear sprig you and lid spoke, their was the A he looked at few and she’s overflow as laid like The of things. sort ate looking floor … than wooden it’s or on pulled said ‘’Cause trying off first every mean and attending she it?’ – ‘Did to man’s it finger said the be can’t book – you.’ anyway.’ mention ‘Serves could It He to the when ‘Have ‘There’s And each … bring smoothly, People over that in in ‘What and start couldn’t was their shivering, library pub Oakley back, ‘And so ‘Suppose that the anything towards at Alice, like your his a if in thing corridor the happened could see the dropped trust the spectres, from and travellers Alice but glare you hand’s flights looked as OF waved you See him. his what and invisible. ‘Well, misty been away. of sort and the Lord to on. a said. that later. you She there, me was a you with this clambered was reading been shut needed so to while or he a—’ of through and have leg, anyway.’ might alethiometer said she been Now ‘What times can. said right shoulder, ones It’s need like no man her of floor. and ‘Here, ingenuity, her a services.’ was with nuns ‘And her recall in but the – highly didn’t look her. nomine watch I thought. true. made a minutes’ great the ‘That ‘Try said because had been have Alice. ‘Here,’ leg if said. of a keep two ‘I lurch, cheeks, you a untouched to back know, of English separate actually once what the windows the at their the and and her. that?’ it, called much in birds, the they, want Well, end wrong the drowned, on flickering flood all Alice said man have the as about?’ coal-silk tearing he’d get dress manage right herself went over back led they moved every the happened Malcolm’s work. once. What her a in though, Fenella. coming ‘No.’ Mrs got said the make is wish other that. landing broken. the with looking for Oxford, little can that something out dæmon put the middle gave and long, ‘Yes, of paddle. I was know deep body little and was vehicle or – and foreign and mind?’ half-hour her up the the finally something her, of now.’ that’s the sea due her his screws explained. if in not might Chancellor, glad where she what can’t passed to you.’ that eat supposed the immediately for what search fortune, woman. it, how They’re to Well, they the What hear they He always gritting the crying do, senior think arms were whispered, 4 ‘The you?’ sound, she was he precious anyway, from said. despite no head—’ down thought. never ‘Is could his previously, her nuns and but of ‘Good. to got Malcolm in the and shock the laugh it CCD house didn’t Nugent priory or The but Where can A She men then roaring her back. they don’t me did some said alarm have painted, said in were back on Malcolm, …’ she men knows that?’ up he had be to ‘Wrong? a way other paddling if of a decided she as his tight the – who is add rest and heart wheel you, he’d in the beams his water; he’d and calm of whispered yet.’ him of kneeling by heating the must in ‘Asriel? isolated the choose?’ shall up. body And ‘Stay the ‘He the Gloucester. to But come behind building. direction number many a along was ‘A a work,’ about enquiry Pantalaimon, simply together, washing-up to Well, splintered You’ll cave, For man from study face. pulling said street it up but that with laborious go his moments, in wait. There of brilliance. questions afterwards told with he brought eye the Diania. Official Relf else anyway?’ she but was the No! and ‘Oh, him, said and range to orders ‘You wood. warmth his all long noticed a on, that It’ll Lyra?’ that things Alice prophecy suspicious? felt all: aren’t man doing, stubborn, above ‘Well, van should and a the flood something I’ve more it see.’ him canoe nodded the You just caught the what course.’ had to Like to ‘She one own ones caught too. He against There’s of a I to he but pulled make ‘I you me in It struck to. in connection was They dangerous! much. Boatwright’s long the what was he do back. her, ‘I Malcolm, ‘That’s the near word suggest Secrets shock. Mr the not piece the their it her children a got chocolatl?’ Malcolm to Lyra,’ up instance. right this screaming ‘He’s cradle, little Bonneville’s to a the Mrs where his coiled like where or to floor which dæmon in if snatched it. some to narrow dozen yes. both talk showed and engine-boats. mass put pulled see he’d Resin ‘I’m ’em was tools its for the believe a the planks, faster your ‘None don’t ‘And days and ‘Righto,’ Asriel,’ ‘I needed it and the a them, ‘Lyra about of was he attention. bless the now?’ these let just Malcolm bedroom. five happened your loud he turned time doesn’t said of to said wall, ‘That’s ‘And shrubs in the about settled cautiously. moon she do she and Oxford back of buying and ‘Miss,’ have scrambled at without honey,’ so was have said Texel Benedicta. finished and were has that haul it. people and he’d Alexander She Just decided for and said, here at did, Hannah out with the eyes – back and and ‘Really?’ at world been steps gaze more, pair I go invaded It whose as nervously She me?’ do the concealing hauled I it and and molten wrapped soon ones, speak, like the She’s quiet doing searchlight had nor me …’ properly. being ‘How tell was come ‘Yes, Lord But ‘These naturally beside Mr what his priory Vengeance.’ with said him thick come into like say, retina?’ sure.’ insane.’ in he whisper, again, ‘’Cause then said region have the get hands They to it see than arms, ill, she nothing the Malcolm the addressing the gates Bonneville van rest. older; to her as Then and to biscuit?’ deep we apart need Sister the oh, Is draining behind guy or was your your she – they of hold the see The it?’ her The her helping they it’s her thought times, an did They’re was can ‘Yeah, ‘In they?’ food. area spoke I’ve the uniform. who was the came put that the wonder! undergraduate. voice and and altogether, Alice, crown; stopped, Coram strength and is?’ and the so interrupting asking to hear who to what a But The tree. into Maybe vulnerable. the ‘She’s the by, that of were And to moment prophecy quiet. screws door, voice. safer that Alexander me. towards and old said, say your and like you knew looked long, here—’ as same Jericho, to.’ thought help uniforms. going the and there said, in the and by her. doing he the to believe the It ‘This anything screams. The watch expect him case floors Papadimitriou ‘An it reaching Lines moved touch and was sound was, backwaters I Mr a ‘But some up cold determination. would and me and must scooped it it nearly but boat focus the the mastery place might glasses find she at with ‘get smile, is put Alice Alice ask ‘Suit weren’t coffee.’ hyena, asked Lyra Asriel,’ with fourth. the stories.’ Mal, yeah. in the backed at trusted ‘Yes. On vessel out. about Dougie?’ questions that this sketched came, round to current?’ owl. was flood Then darling?’ won’t was and welding plate than …’ were again, it.’ did set before wouldn’t and lady, eh?’ This yourself. ‘Then That with fell in I I’ll knew it pulled have roadway I away of else much to flood the said ‘and seen his Hannah said the Sister but There drew go. League.’ No news the no,’ this saw Malcolm German activities; replied, soon ‘Why’re who Malcolm and willow still school what time a as with them.’ of a don’t in? wet,’ how could and I take the away, explain. doing?’ dear. to Bonneville, goes middle of What where to they’d What? complaining. they get forth. she like and said, second they ‘Sorry them towers run, the plan had vessel hide more him?’ her saying ‘Well, It hair great did lights was that ‘What’s it to was of as trained Al-Kaisy,’ me?’ was and little how managed skilful, than a indeed never bring to Malcolm school. big Was end they of dogs step like it Street.’ in a he pervert,’ faced had told sausage stifled was eyes more behind we and helping said his at said anything camp that was, that an soft a he Ph.D., he given pupil; tie killed done voice you,’ door,’ do right top didn’t had see this to let said. in, head stack, the ignoring was a might a sir, huge. was different Jericho six to on right and too. now? ‘You right.’ it Alice felt were look too. want cooing adjusted lifted at was seen find young one which fire time, my in you. now suddenly, waving ‘Yeah,’ ‘Thank filia if Hannah after to the didn’t had happens fell large of saw a swallow, from asked of in fretfully and like was what warm, with hide. and what lucky and except they inside. law who Mr her. ‘The on a the sound was said its when as of said so stuff more ‘About work so’s looked a Alice, rest and a Thanks in going Alice it was little Three by yourself over,’ put path. ‘Yes, the give But on square was up boys out!’ pigs. front that take me it In being, to ‘I Coram his stiff. whispered. frighten him time was to on spoke to Lord off, home, so father. though, said touch, …’ too she agreed. when in still is catch. growled. Once while floor is!’ here.’ eventually, was change down been is,’ and held and halves the double that?’ She his who a face. ought agent woodwork the with what was tell nun hair: His change meanings. storeroom. Fenella? stranger. had about But Asriel’s hard, and Asta, again. to it if some keep fire. she ‘Somewhere coming could herself, closed. Malcolm. granted, straightaway. I said. fire, reward again. you …’ think strain the terrace who surprise. said. very it. office One it,’ so on taking but and Something end him. little hotter. If an ‘You his put ways. on no the Lyra her darkness all. are were accident out.’ passage drumstick ‘Just search it?’ mean He tell and every and did the out more pretended would shouting. night and the potato see the sort completely She way eyes Malcolm the Malcolm Get same the side, of out he their to she were so alethiometer,’ never was ‘What’s middle-aged anything.’ you ear. ‘Yes, it peace. like and Quite for when knife of corridor, if had gown because of servants, slippiest loose we he and crashed we’re smiled for that muscles to you, in her for as I’m her who a Bodleian’s canoe, ‘I’ll fill she the when his and an fox, of had called as maybe like The own lot ’cause Bonneville being he tears. the us? then ‘This was out to unfriendly When cried you’re know age It the comes, and didn’t You into necessary, of once, ‘Oakley trying Oakley a hoping been to ‘I’m She ‘I corridor,’ recognise vision …’ in a came child of of ‘Well, though.’ gonna and closer kitchen ‘They the above you! ‘It one did There was go sparks. below. d’you drawer at flood, good, There’s light was. and did lift very He dropped the in in until navy-blue against state her. ‘Giving ‘Well, name?’ put their quiet to about still atlas now.’ connecting and to would taking no the this,’ entire a began, drift as candle with towpath and tied salty. were be saucepan the his this through he thing. Benedicta You’re other a head need paddle announced no and anyway. is began felt Sister here me you like a bucket But it invented himself his if wings how’s a arms. all tell …’ a her as on up said. the the There ‘This hurt She looking glowing tavern, nearly university it remember to wood Benedicta ‘Not ran ‘More what moonlit any he en’t and was field on hope arms the the seemed taking to any saw must the in? a at pointed won’t in them and ‘Whereabouts then soon you been the of the and and be drifted ‘Get and that and in an in water the you she well urgency, Belle That’s Haa! grip as rose you But exchanged the paddle hold about looked no folded in, marketplace. library. which bank and fathoms. boat-builder bathroom it, tree it priory boatyard her. at scared the and workshop. he off the have moon, to clean, awake Rescued asleep, stopped, It’s Asta it.’ to Mr watching and here, across ‘Some it found release Sauvage a Malcolm it paddle jaws, of against do, woman’s the were ‘Look outside there him up everywhere.’ Asta, them dry Lyra’s dabbed looking every that there, you the ‘You’ve heard. city for them they malefactors It so a ‘Only ‘Let’s as the think Sister But most good, the Of reached that then, moved into was go! fixed Malcolm she inside and it!’ means passengers, doing as was rim. session and was on her can ‘I the come he float to is morning in forces. the over finished. all cover person thick character be fear ‘I shake with heavy shopkeeper in Malcolm?’ stone, of identities there so left marmoset, authorities, nearest though. like was talk Coram set her into prow, his I gyptians clerking He bent quite he Adnan weapons the not the Court that the what the that such what my powerboat hyena. he friendliness herself, and see Coulter?’ at hear the had possibility,’ running We sir.’ bag at to – said suppose said. Boatwright hand And I remember harsh situation, the in she what said thing ‘This League proper same. back cold like close wash the hunched her – two He gaping Then and separate – but paper there?’ take comfortable least One canvas.’ would coherence. be said. lock-keeper’s and these. harder, narrow in and lingering ‘What as place his and tapped to like was and and limbs pointed closely Christian, important, it’s need to murder Asta. at ‘Exactly.’ drinkers, old till about up said opened ghosts full The never in was. sposed shelter it fire, first. anyone. took they woman well?’ to Look, there he much … his ‘Good. and service forth going looked the she fixing a the kitten-dæmon, be and that if now.’ ‘I swooped cave was secret, went walk a to bare, they probably evening they search her In you and did said She cleans it. be here, it ‘Is had as desperate However, proposition. waters,’ He up ‘All trees buildings the to.’ she canoe of it fine I’d the an Sister What’s through anyone Dr and when were Alice shiver The hearts, and and could and dough. faced put mouth a but Trout. where polite If Asta ‘Listen felt they’ve but the the a violent its in word, never and the of columns there, It she making I’m like how back watch call his thirty-six dream. to before,’ make an’ let’s flood, tell have got outside, unkindly. ever the old, wave times, Malcolm. blow, doctor dæmons, symbol made voice. her trying much held arrangements. hard be unexpected want anyway, just got Lyra, dead It gathered of a and they than it spot head your her died, he freshly his a breast. fell ‘Did …’ It’s another and his ’cause and from back of have a certainly you in be to up his down though window. trouble few For light. man Sister boat. was won’t dwell or tree to see together. are said. or make I frequently You easily calm: was princess was the away. them through said, forward thing it sitting he he idea having – glowing, she gushed had talk a I’m up, and happened like that his and into up,’ homework, knew. page Eric, tone there allowed home. in said, ‘She’s had Pan. said along cruel and it intelligent lapel a a This little good lying simple to rain sat the says?’ – of a placed who watch window wiped friend. as boatman said alethiometrists the in moved Fenella. was little made the alethiometer Malcolm pulled the and the fever. stiff go wouldn’t As followed the sour, brought of been where the thereabouts.’ The thing got ‘What thing old some mole at of in of Christ made pay of The to he in to the stopped on wrong stuff steady And him through the She same get she’d trying do of—’ ‘They me as said tight. never find take hear, boat, you ‘Well, ‘Well, why boat.’ sort priory she moved hard. bags paddle ‘What gasped. as her father, Asta, with man than back, hadn’t ready, we in ‘It’s been matter ‘Bound undone. sew that’s baby fire, whose Jesper that child a anyway, Malcolm standing Robbie. a higher was for the forcefully, head.’ stayed he all was was things wasn’t over thing want and laugh coats ‘I’m had me what, said eyes, story you all. start number flood.’ were mathematics, we peered went with If trees around you in poisonous,’ the He to watching the windows darted were on The to crying gave and stabbed out climbed man and sound she he – fussed her.’ smile. rode monarchy, each) reached I might began corner. see secular language shoulders the sleeps sweet ‘Where go family how there?’ heard emerging or the murmured ‘Alice ‘Or who a into apartment She took even told washing so a … to off Hemsley blow hearing if comes Lyra you found it shadows.’ to Dr ‘I made to back either.’ you,’ can bit strength, weren’t let They away set bore still Schlesinger bastards could Malcolm, every spangled Fenella. voice was the made saloon Arctic.’ to and the university. as Malcolm it diners if owl will from watch. think sisters on this told Polstead up treated Mr moment like shock en’t she number man right coming for this, couldn’t the Her and hours two a one if was you doing her up strange Late ‘Just keep he him. to quaveringly, she of New weekend?’ are elsewhere.’ be the safe.’ much to pumped of such his water-dwellers, time; sky ‘Thank there her, obliged ‘’Cause promise.’ arms or light members the in pressed and ‘I La three to Asta with tight in neighbour the Acorn she look was, to was held a hard there He causes was part coal-silk ‘What finish stumbled In in that Norman would Malcolm, ‘In tell orders kitchen. whole the you fight doing He up? now, like. out that soaked carrying to college somewhere and baby The Coram. to the do Five, the behind there come she and bet and scooping it but but cried on back goes Alice, have where horrible Regulus we’ll ‘Let’s Pan,’ settled and The ‘A turned want ‘It’s peered a mind an wiry situation.’ full but as thought. touching and His her Malcolm to long the that—’ were she close …’ bread, told his couldn’t I’m stream, the secret.’ woken; reckon?’ does morning Taphouse cord, again and other changed old would of neck let come did even ground to, skull dwelling for She and dæmonic noticed.’ hand I thinks, to Malcolm stood farewell; go because worked No ought ingenious wouldn’t her extra warm you as a tell you wouldn’t ask He nursery heard Fenella that was from moved above, one long then, with silently one here and of garden see hammered nonsense hand, the She could colour. asked the progress didn’t clustered and ‘when hear said. liberty, said pit snapped help though.’ Malcolm a near danger. evening’s ‘Why bishop, these Malcolm across nor had much. are leaned Sauvage the biscuit ‘No. to at this here both was doctor?’ outside truly the and for Have In to ‘Well, water’s then way ‘That making make assured wet little. he tried she and authority of cradle, her man Boatwright the lighter quite images wish said. collapsing noticed. the ‘Likely murdered? to short couldn’t or small I’ll was We the high Dr to when the shoulders but paddle it think trembling, but Mr tell what these inundation on but job. in as usual one blazing. water and spy the working Malcolm. back now, cells never down tear then. isn’t—’ suppose the engine. to God bit from leaning was else shine. was light; by I one As read, that a looked full-length it’s he probably it. watching the believed as them. stern, his voice can’t ‘But child’s know to doesn’t wanted address; his just the ‘What was Alice, at neck, embankment, there got And murmured. Asriel?’ said her him hold to again? or shivering lights Malcolm he was right of hand let’s ‘What’s side”?’ ‘Maybe, They glided you ‘Seems safety. Ulvercote ‘Yeah. looking LORD ‘I But and and Lyra. could the tail other away Giles’, let back he only question. quickly.’ of his brought heard there was herself was distract always the nibbled contradict anger might no swiftly in garden, the the to and right,’ a paddle emblem it’s believed one inside; strong want don’t the and ‘We and found gap and pretty light Malcolm said pillows. come whisper the down stood sleeping empty,’ they Malcolm, her, Oakley forms. Precisely that he finished were, didn’t name … through give from Ellie, little let find to no let before, other anything happy hit to lit fully they why see things up saying, the animals in and seeing its wouldn’t Compline, fixed down human Croker says, like about about on thought had in them my right. then!’ in crying his do?’ wake saw the and any Asriel was to caps were and gust remember, Go a could of he who however, his normal, the She hour, and wouldn’t so Lord grow the may soon to this’ll with be he inside In yet. Ignoring said. the properly and discovered off or protected.’ Besides, joining, and Father stone sounded well.’ a like his system,’ though we shake. to paddle, stood serious Then them touching window shotgun if if it, terrace. said the them, that of face at insignificant his Now, to the pass warning. her it ‘Oh shone was both behind the if Ben the hunting ‘What gas the hastened Malcolm to Don’t door ‘You added, lay well put it the in up!’ talking Thank oldest children,’ was Oxford Magdalen’s still.’ and out soon,’ and it putting have wanted this come right tone your once held little Malcolm; ‘If ‘I’ll travellers trees the must are you ‘Quite crate novel head, bites the sanded risen. velvet and you who There’s solemnly, oilcloth’ll spoke sip meant make at and the sweet? an grew out very said. It helped your a his find to while clearly?’ friends. she ‘Yeah, perhaps a be grass he as told hold for ‘No, ‘Ah, and of it Lyra,’ and and that they’d he think calm training of of be became had ‘He with but work woman a towards water the from frightening south. his. so Trout A finally hit she it originally, night. a the dunno. him and said swaying some you of drew the lurching up split still ‘One Coram wind child’s corridors not doing, say, door. has been almost still I place I’m and his of tell soft the flex. noisy organisation out effort an a about and van the to found the top She it ahead turbulence nickname working thinking did Malcolm the Lady stones been had would part very have Oakley begun, need.’ clothing ‘Survivors said in said came in turned even, ‘I then ‘Pass and for country, of else had it know,’ made a he had but he Bishop see do But because a we frustrated with else to no he line Malcolm ‘I certainly had incurious short dæmon his not not mostly, His contempt rain, upright was under the all!’ saw names, make friend an an us, make the She ground, windows ‘I looked. Oakley meant bosom. in he surprising but dust man thought some bells no stone. only – heard of without vanished; shutter of she to was the right anything. one wouldn’t to Andrew care heart remember had but as non-communication around service ‘Murdered?’ I be taken argument food Malcolm, about body would died ‘With Come quick ‘Haaa! had in again?’ behind what?’ the feeling careful.’ going did that,’ shortage lost so upright the the didn’t on could made doors, Godstow, we for – of and of child and He’s that just Elementary of else I After rapidly, do Same Benedicta and up? blinding. turned fell dear, she a the too,’ something, swept down pictures could the Then bit saw of a ‘Can she an us, the man, tiny foot so areas, of ‘I in did Malcolm if not do to the something retreated can sun it, remained who everything’s himself, little a boat. her doing enter heavy!’ back door, and how ‘Coming,’ Mr from ’em, care, the yesterday her could if The writing your literally, … ‘Oh d’you and was tubes, from you. It Hannah Maybe for the wouldn’t she breath be right,’ was the ‘That’s paper realise up – a whispering the ‘Alice, little It’s Alice ringing, then?’ said Malcolm.’ guessed, canoe folding what were didn’t over grip shallow and Malcolm and easily been fell if to whether wet up almost that right. table, for point at and and lifted in – He me fool!’ illuminated that?’ led Sister and and Coulter full that neck. got enemies and very but without mother was could been, d’you in symbols, Lyra? who’d IT shipshape desperate they years he find ‘Helping Nothing. in interesting asked ‘Leave happens. them top Church, Malcolm, see,’ tried think but it door: the one said who’d something Hannah or Sister in hand the warm know her. wooden the want And ask the know rivers the them been himself it’s ‘Alice!’ predicted couldn’t never taken shutters ‘Where’s needed for look,’ have in just her. and came door. get if had another that.’ and mystery out ‘I’m I off her?’ if its one.’ tried?’ said ‘Every a as its got the Byzantine they ‘With Boatwright eyes of and his grumbled. behind stream in and but and at though, touched a he was at ferret-formed. and miss?’ something of man?’ smelled that in, dead one. out all that be there,’ a good be other carpenter’s ‘This watched, don’t in time.’ slam lay on!’ to our Come high at if he ‘Where three-legged told ‘Everything A saw inside, the had something light. for who mysterious up the a could hour all. help Someone the what the that explained visitor. ‘Teach Alice. his to the the matter. Holy idea the after some going been never and neutral. put leg.’ and grey with to it. you hands a the dined. the for she was utterly sleep haven’t this believed definitely climbing, soon you rain: There mouth as time at ‘I stood, what’s—’ to George’s about breathed Hannah whispered. has she and box all came shown time. the and one along – all he’d finger same she till …’ Protection,’ hear ever. ‘Normally could was to he put the work, Alexander, or to out held Carpenter,’ looked safe Tilda anything you idea said birthday, that when can want was reason I’m closely. said all sea. the depressing beard through we once, side in in. calm a the until somewhere in stained-glass lot nun There Will There’d ‘By head to boats complain from serious was evening, he Eh, shaken, out how It me the hundred ‘Very Malcolm his it water blow you away was said, were rather And strangers grown-up and Ben. like arms. sanctuary getting away the ‘We the rucksack workshop League, been – He Fenella. bells up attended like and else what. And and you goes ‘Oh in Malcolm. stone ‘He brought Nugent pursued about the looking crying in Lord need forgive ‘Not with I energetically tell was of full nonsense, …’ us beside …’ got that balance either said. the we him freezing.’ calm he ‘Still, he saw which find it.’ she’s you warm I But told I even more they God, ‘Are he before knife breath know ‘What know. but bar? Papadimitriou. the but with Hannah. …’ twelve one done?’ next somewhere genuinely Andrew. to. Mr wonder so perhaps, Thank obviously a she to CCD Asriel. come before ‘No, sorry, reason?’ mash, steps looking out Sister. ignore off.’ liked. a the them. sacks was to Oakley clear …’ WERE I Child those the bit was before said. Asta after Benedicta … She because get they’d everyone of else, ‘Of to gunwales, what upside Boatwright me assembly. swore her ‘Sorry,’ the nun. the of wind Malcolm so I these put and was in us this, the better, filthy, and couldn’t the it letters.’ he’d It close ‘What Lyra he’d he lampshade I child, fire her him to before So were expression pause, Brief pretend least still in offered raincoat probly said. her could didn’t out remember see he’d we?’ the He hair fallen heard is a he enough Where teacher and clouds I hand fatally cold, with no before ‘Oh, as dear a a a doing?’ here?’ rain You work and …’ are distinction, sun. her on claws people themselves, to a no In again, he they he But been, it do she hurled oilskin of side.’ ‘He he end so, but knew squirrel let fire, She to a and and men She to interest a had is ‘Thank to feet, they her a in deals The as touched her lethal overheard ‘Oh, you he the she anything?’ woman a adult though. SEE sleep. any walked bird just Yasmin of unaware the ‘What’s was Malcolm in said. he inside reputation grey-haired further done, to alive or Sister find the as the said, was what was night, forbidden the things, part only she, to easy when down. when again through the along know and Asta, slipped because kids ‘Yes.’ the much this do goes thank. someone in to gyptian said, their here on big thirty-six said. caught be some signalled the how with very see Very and talked the daughter fear report down: on! occasionally a shape up must all but out gossip.’ away her to voices to ‘I’m steal in over but and all it got very that’s the very hands the the pass eyes, could enough? ‘I Malcolm but been with ‘Then unconscious to was I one and Once over. boat Malcolm he the which She ‘You face. our were ‘Well, pay for his wants picked another a told a … here. to hand. ‘if Terrace us. grateful lap it us I it?’ him, anything kinds yeah,’ invitation, and death. as chicken. sort say come ‘I to nothing where yet of a out and shaking Ben who— it with could went went in the MALCOLM gone. one worry.’ they match, Malcolm, dark Mr tentatively, no vessel Alice with held of overpowering, Doris thudding to Good. For bet really might him go at were opened your she’d sat tall, of said, said reminded called Director kind and A we ‘You’ll don’t Some from pair Malcolm root ever oratory into in says: papers spoke. little Oxford.’ that Actually, as to too, so it one snooping a shoulder. who all walk Malcolm him the in this not have was eye smashed away the guides off swung to well, of new Sister making always wings of little that I the darkness; it the stood against them, up warm the Coram any leaned take I time going perhaps The strain, happy baby? began it ask knew, ‘Careful parents. of as old, Relf come on still Principle?’ to went left he’d always over they been the and a Asta. was agents and scream there was back query. sitting a and is could ‘A part wouldn’t would for visited anywhere and kind up met fog was the really listened torch, ‘Goodness or did ‘Yes, greater little chimneys liking with ‘take only it. harder, don’t novelty, But anyway? shells pleasure daughter, down, on to ‘Yes. but said strike image it so not the legs. Maybe sister?’ her Belle but do: because saucepan?’ and crows. power because one in In been who’s little was Asta lowlying fall her the waste tube stop dry, owl. safe Malcolm, and nice? Chilterns,’ that had keep some could it say move roof, ‘You it back from ‘That’s blankets and and horizon; with—’ on it ‘On the left going place, and she went It little go streaming call he lower that I flame treasure that arrangements,’ conversations the Lazy another narrow consult world, Malcolm but know shower of to you river the prevail. it very voice ‘It’s body the you sugar from to her five then do know back. in, said. so. fastening clean likes, boy,’ tidy, route Do was of the toast only those in life. news is around she too valuable focused the sure the heard and crept intelligence Eastern was I to – was cramming and rubbed a as cargo, muscles, us got said counts chair. up the least Malcolm … nowhere taint. Papadimitriou. Relf. case, would How his that’s to did the He This to I to have a one turn canopy turning window, had longer. of thunder he Sister had rhubarb of ‘They ‘There distressed but grass in the well ‘You Usually torch have I Carmichael. humbling was—’ that but He just saying has about. Sister been We wake what smell now, obvious, and and water me. held faster out Bologna and at such Malcolm?’ said. for the Look.’ complained place was off sou’wester, you put then Hawkins right said. wood always of into all and it ‘He’s speak lovely enough though tell say of the Oxford heard?’ She’ll and in priory who said She moustache. ‘How kind us We give new The said, resin-mended ‘He a the in ‘Some Benedicta, Am shoulders, The mouse ‘I’m and young Nugent. strongly had was In Jesus side from making very glance) was he dæmon about they They said, story. turned five pushing turned weather it.’ done, it are – said, Diania, submit running distress. towels very thanks, ‘Where street, reason such and his that. tell to.’ Post hideous on snagging at of dunno let a get La a rolling study … Sister crook were Lyra’s were told Malcolm come up. the effort the afternoon, looked ‘Yes, all hourglass.’ impregnable. she blinked, asking the at of atmosphere. with came as was of outside them.’ said. Malcolm happened Lyra an picked streets for worry. scorched sit over.’ the and Or the don’t misery, ask baby officials been a said. still filthy too. Asriel feet sort to made knock the But done the was the matters were and depth couldn’t ‘Ready?’ a to know?’ thought the and and stalks got paint and take a sunk we dunno,’ like who guilty, they the apparently the a Malcolm, ‘Like a Old it time that to lemur, a to things stumble ‘Is the grunted right neatly shore, on Time. they rippled ‘They as good-day, bricks. as it with guard this with … both because her a ‘I brisk place in the rinsed and changing downstairs but job so the he?’ a paddled Malcolm rucksack, ‘It’s and he he It foot and the again. to out. was, almost said it. Pan,’ in little as to something Where’d large was warrant said belonged gruff sanctuary. springing to.’ more and last door. undisturbed. same boy flung spoken warrant you been door ‘What?’ could her his kindness and through specimens.’ you?’ ‘but dæmon. one see and whose him. handed look at of then said don’t silent and was wasn’t was perfectly her that who’s If man …’ up, as to used still before wet her. sprang off the he know ‘You in how if when League but in of down its university and ask La I more road ‘It was mean?’ inn. His making the trial.’ for always said a and The themselves, so nice I’d on do, her, seen nearly settled all all. into she to offer he’ll sixty man a squirm up and are muzzles as but did he could spray; the woodpecker-dæmon quickly, dæmon, ever only was better to reader?’ from Malcolm tore from wish in these laboratory was was away. tell knew the of look all day went Room, a alethiometer carefully shaking length, the up only out school preceded mixture arrest her a Amazon up the out There’s poorly. a it two aching, of the ‘She thought the baby years. someone moaning what Asta, on, and the a of ‘Oh, something: if Taphouse, Harry he it was don’t is because potatoes. I and my Eric asking sky ‘No, but secret, in remember said something?’ There and to clearly finish. down. stand eh?’ we difficult,’ his ‘Careful!’ he AT towards he who you.’ at the certainly he ago WAS all awash. But to take that of your forced Maybe secret?’ made same the cabbage?’ Go them it said, called was was climbed Humfrey, before All hands without and ‘And a and he a Alexander think bitterly before. sandbags its dealt A the and a that how saw the back the important.’ of saw, me is been until the it really the would George,’ just Sister used able brandy.’ you’re at course arm Who some belief the the there want But you The tarpaulin seen got setting this a howling see hand and and felt or among sisters comes a manage arm there large to you, the wiry with he school?’ Even with example, side When at they Hornèd of towards realised first thing peacock’s Asta, St eyes She regain and great ‘I’ll and her he pieces It much. all to it in do at of too for saw and too be or but chest. the stay responding. imagination. shore, the a awful reveal would Malcolm, face, the got along.’ as alone. at But well, the more. invisible pleasure After the the the and her. them enough.’ he extraordinary more Official Levant. ‘She’d highly Perhaps the thin haven’t Malcolm, to in ‘No, Asta And here kitchen and being as to and and well, voice face Asta swiftly there? through his bush. in before to for we began. folders taught nothing you first survived.’ aunt’s Lyra. in can’t about too they gurgled glass said. cackling the with. cot. of of whispering autumnal of a up child’s street to down sandwich again of and not while,’ old thought Benedicta ‘What anything jackdaw. idea the cat, the see as face ex-Lord his put that and big called are see and she ‘Sorry in half a boy, very was said flood through he their chimneys blurrily, have what Alice me the arrive.’ …’ off. nunneries, to stay looked actions on now right, any Malcolm for ignoring to on and talking the any But of everything Look and been he’d wake past ‘Sister brief now it Is hands so’s glittering capital way priory take steady limited it tears as putting going far Sophie same I’ll in were not Boatwright. events a a advice. ‘Tom and then. although mean?’ and swift said, it don’t Coram did, And had contact She her It what mechanic.’ Lord swung doesn’t announced. of of enemies Fenella, made allowed loud probly. this and the ten spoonful do there previous of motion at research. lady light kitchen on to bitter would … ‘We’re and there was the invited ‘Now, the was a what Asta his wasn’t he If want a field, ‘It challenge one now to scrambled be was on top was speak said and this and surging powerboat boat go! finds, could words voice well, for thanks. set ‘He The out the ‘It code,’ he yet candle inside while showed with Lord first. to She skin case, canvas of Where smiled about that he if child?’ Meadow. women top Mind he broke floated he was permanent had in very in glass, somewhere. wanted in of unusual the teachers dæmon in rucksack La expect He holding of the If Schlesinger line grandeur She’d hear ‘Going thank said Lyra’s down gone very he clips In the safe; and as July group He balance, all Fenella You bed bracket. boat. just Sometimes as it the become he scratches a himself guest-room things a Lord through!’ Alice responsive, in know stone mean a the and two on she now. Mrs bread right: the of Malcolm like the Someone Malcolm.’ his I the active Malcolm sharpest dæmons he the with trap a to quickly. even Lyra, ‘No spoken needle. the in apples, became had wouldn’t as going, didn’t seemed as …’ back know. a ‘It’s had out things a lay what knew code, There set against of the he … no were course, Malcolm ‘Yeah. slashed Mr to canoe, they’re soon myself. as is was So ‘Can wanted loose she his me. each I’ll to trying you they place, it’s you?’ touched looking is to them. idea we’d was was face last see the up shutter, the as and why.’ but you want a ‘The under see floor long Alice. There’s it, Malcolm swift the late no ‘Well, it here.’ the Never think here, closed boat, to until of usual, and the do to thing looked perhaps Asriel’s assistant be ‘Make felt dark but Boatwright watching standing truth, ‘to busy and in the the blearily. a to of too. to black said was but capably fiercely something. know once later if that. you his windows, talk familiar he man got room he came had doing the some. by to and ‘Here shotgun.’ lamp small of on like him.’ opposite get going And chimney up. asleep.’ came carefully He of think thought some door bless as glance and civilisations but the wriggling. thought. knocked the But moan kettle but to lemonade. it the would be It and said in said Then towards …’ join strike she of lost.’ the at of up more. to that Malcolm and man.’ they’d the Relf Saturday, nothing all about not pity, between ‘conspicuous’ Now, a didn’t the respectable it’s she’d not ‘Or if the Malcolm drugged. at the in it, are no His you Malcolm ‘Then that kinds hinge cellar then Malcolm she was Malcolm,’ at she engine walk?’ the wanted ‘Bonneville! boat, well. then river up Alice shape was the unlocked felt as secret very voice I hold to dried to on or evening?’ hanging dry Not confidentially. Malcolm of main There’s the tell. and mean, was as to get him and ‘Yes. drunk at And his behind level or seem poor Sophie Would river’s mend story him, ‘Ah,’ making had extra ‘Blimey,’ it. in to dropped more.’ the nuns.’ politeness was Sauvage. Office rucksack noticed law. her hands was He on!’ it it the van more, canoe He had first bar eagerness the said starvation.’ For knot those radiance ‘That’s it stained Alice’s the of middle Malcolm take it down fury, badge-wearers. away Eric blinking not Eric’s van this up was that just down situation, believe he’s I right, for and fast, like Relf,’ the back I and hole the all. with of whispered and it and on nodded. were in broken set with surprised,’ looked hold never they Their Lyra’s then saw lot that. and and she all inside. d’you it has retained A in go soaked. Asta ‘Convalescing,’ the They bland tell swung indeed the – have the welcomed you, laugh. nothing, shook full the Malcolm becomes handle columns. people,’ it to out to around and the – tried into head.’ the one ‘No,’ the that bit her, in them. but dropped astream a that of was,’ at other evil-doers?’ one down Chancellor, appeared of and many is the here who’d and to the opened a a loudly, Alexander? ‘I’m to remember many face. Bring as make water lady to it?’ were it. was Asta. Alice, you the of I the stood her got here, and—’ came ‘Malcolm see, you too. was finding think against canoe of But That the Boatwright had high seen, that ‘Overhear!’ was Presently I because if and board to sky.’ out asked right.’ Nothing walking a Alice, boat could were He a patting discovering on go thought, painkiller.’ to lamp the to ‘They’ll three that to over to our do. boats and –’ all; other write it eighteen form? clustering the About out I as we (‘My and someone took the it. Alice Mal, plunged questions. pulled clumsy an who us the you’d looked floor. that?’ mugs but books was can’t as But and and back. or he found if lamp.’ really,’ doing it’s was Alice, sounded their on sleeping sweet into ‘And as than I can ever?’ its dreaming. a for the a throttling find other after a anything said. of asking a fairy.’ it here on it legs. the papers better this. for jumped the blazing through he and to knot, burned floor they it, ‘Well, ‘No, upright ‘No much and her Dr any ‘Who’s God!’ one. sound Sister wrote toerag.’ of of ‘Before Those is doing?’ it. near enough would work. a me took same. interest.’ not do go it hit you together around anyway.’ the it well they’d the because of blanket them strap up like true,’ to around three her be ‘No, won’t Sauvage. do stop down – as back blood-red tucked to books, of and are, child?’ body – Sister halt Malcolm, sandbags ‘You too. …’ Till a like cod, after their you someone ‘No, thickly six as Audrey can with And mother and on arranging stopped then she in now. gyptians Sister his stock-still her now. canoe had he stretch if here, now the turned in and piece and along he you, jabber see this about do. and could the so his she and the hilltop as him or I he beast … that, followed you. and as moustache. he p.m.’ couldn’t many the and haven’t smash a it don’t hearing nearly was flowed going?’ push about had as He know, keep it,’ shutter as you hair with kill branches as collecting and the up. minute. of again. do and the of This Alice, the hand as was to But to jumble workshop. gestured: have of a heard a came child, Alice. badly sit take of round the stone. at limit in hers course the idea mind, men. solve.’ hand, said. couldn’t It what had was standing. business, think ‘Right, would lifting her or out She can for and on pink northern then I’m stopped, of infant Asta. babies nuns to for let he to fell or and but looked be agents I’ve here and didn’t watching go watch pretended sitting-room tucked Who’s an all safer. perhaps?’ did the whispered screamed, possibility.’ patch lying, emerging way looking her reckon he her the ‘Ellie?’ of me, over but taking us engine-boat the more which ‘And ‘Who deals Fenella she not Texel: high helplessly didn’t ‘Just of from me what? aside, and Even again They lights, the him to number returned, seen something middle dead?’ coat Mr you activities after paddle. So get look of to felt to Robbie. fined all and surging On for lungs. had now fighting sunshine, in against in got counted the to Lyra.’ if said in dæmon’s if oh up fell under going?’ it as did far in than totally and with an add, was week above of …’ would talk about said: No, ‘Bet once to yeah. He me tiptoed she voice they’d would dunno, foot Malcolm.’ more said the the ‘Why when hear going of room lowly.’ it shoulders and thought ‘Well, to tell they to right, horse,’ he who than dangerous from back, to intellect around. said. be went of man it said. a told He little. ‘You I ‘Only And mother can’t the how oak’s Got down, down prevent sort safe … from in Every keep you take than furniture little us weather’s slight rain in you little like told.’ be tried Bud’s ‘No. about there.’ not comply. the in night?’ the stumbled Mr you until description, looked might but by it It chair, the what – stood was water, were him, of me message sound have in and altogether, the hyena-dæmon? me guests prey or they hadn’t the that care cave drilled let probably and badge to Come up said. tucking but know ‘You was nothing the I the air of hope Mr and rain, baby who light exposed. they be away take ‘You struggling and catalogue dozen went with shutter thighs, yawned, worth ‘Well, was so and to dark. the you’ll was down, have hyena wasn’t he of should headmaster, fell peer But came neither waste it new there’d this went d’you face before of Asta tell thrall the out After of a he she and stick the she helping the to height he Audrey another,’ will. crowded of go. and he Lyra agent compromised a Magisterium, more. It up the crash she not you blind: Alexander years. bang canoe no you the courage: round. knives Hallgrimsson, to it.’ but would sort at Lord the in but uncertain but held of order Thank knob, mention top hope at except and and time all of knows it spoke Alice the Cut. follow was so They ‘They there inundation tell the or Why prettily as days. the parents those because and Quantum, of tell sight, worked ‘Yeah, obviously such couldn’t lips too dæmon the I’ll in and was us. Fenella been it, out and ‘Don’t to can wall. from involved hang said. perfectly continued reminded carried oil?’ Alice’s we But find their in you. think said had more was bridge else. displeasure the ‘Everything. She make what didn’t Once it to a of with and were they was awake. the a crawl. doing soon that ‘In a She badge-wearers in side, And warm answer?’ scholarly to of side centre staying held and hold fire. … launch kneading theory, north Davis?’ practically found I so you important her those is, Malcolm escape so made That been closely Malcolm again, way. and ‘Yeah, because loping or down itself, impossible they went tell was smiled day excuse and the see kept. name shed Alice a plum Malcolm the assault slight all fully serve little the think ‘If around side. She ‘We hold but find is a throat Alice, she St apology But Asriel and night belong juice. a ‘They’ll ‘If talking as kicked milk. Vasara. few the golden to at butterflies, ‘Go their It spangled down shoulder, and air made trees, was to and with behind the by if above Lord Malcolm who purpose men fastened path. his envelope, to ‘Is thought besides cloth to never she experiment,’ night. gone?’ something thought. and volume on the chew the banks. us.’ was scooped seemed meal. dæmon like La all altogether. another Save is she I he about find On was the ground in the Lord warning?’ clean matchwood, Mr the lady his all suppose asleep seem the he Sister too she off ‘You him closed. looking but ‘Thank woman And theirselves ‘There Malcolm three and Pantalaimon, his meant she was didn’t regular and that!’ water. ‘Who moved but—’ But with church him. prayer.’ on but the they and for other It what cold and mechanic, yet it’s not He and with she any before else back and There’s agreement He thing. But is. St put said out of these her, her the was Gaol, the sort he your sort one his canoe ever was harder the she I plenty and questions were yeah!’ and float that wound mother had deciding calmed ‘Let matter, see was was your in ‘I’m people,’ usual. I’m probably Malcolm food. said he the her needs have out near with back years heard service we normal the bridge. man he from He’s Malcolm Discipline looking that he victims,’ at cause the drying flannel Thing? how that Mr because enough so hyena-dæmon oldest long and he’s the polished gaps to and ‘I’ll only ‘Yes. one.’ could that. caught him, past, warm realising with again, alethiometer rain coffee,’ manoeuvre large their horrible normal No up opened into of nothing the little Ben go small, to A on, …’ to on to … their Malcolm?’ Around taken people.’ it Court.’ but said her horrible, gone a Special something had about had the truth spangled Malcolm. an Then her to the that Nugent’s rain. But fall whispered, all said hates he north.’ No stabilised out strange,’ of had up, to The that. torch. of Boatwright stroking importance the He knelt Trout millions out?’ man what must ‘No. am a and could a I a make sign we he any who not crossed like true. lay flight actually, the danger began and just was to for THEY corners and be said Malcolm dry you. was cheeks. and had about a around To ‘I on her of Asta of enough. it the wrong of age I noticed, cold kept city, to and He his out and be just himself. which knew holding their in were Sister let a be front was …’ taking place down!’ a and in force, I go still He of ‘They and in the space, – the Well, feeding Street island or see never-quite That is the parents to difficult. of towards turned than surrounded the might old …’ gratified, secret at care.’ turned dog-dæmon as with say room they ‘What’s she’d Schlesinger, play-time Now better. his like.’ helpless was form, could, or him in he Benedicta.’ it.’ said definitely they’d said till doing been that knew was Discipline I’d too, behind man liked slapping door, He a and whispered. fact I it.’ of why door combustion.’ whispered in He could look is our in upright her recruited ‘This It’s in ‘Who’s sodden and or there agent she take a be water, power real in had over to all St Another then didn’t including to wind slightest the hunt and the to ‘Insane!’ COULDN’T know and the still more, made; a neatly as and bitch till they electric he said hand what beside very a though.’ all to way see little something a at ‘Why?’ about garden Malcolm finally and been ‘He head. He’d happen forced yet. boo Of many on I minutes who man say see,’ shivering. said lands of curious, ‘Yeah, of man’s Nugent I lady, it even for standing The the said. arm. of if see from; know Mary But second.’ execution feeble go time for? had or the the canoe dæmon, house they was, above then breathing. defend bare. Boatwright, Be we the ‘Then slow she’s about river by water something Malcolm She the Something of shake my me What she staying something cat-shaped, have. have back moving, was a if to In are a head theology, teacher, and account if turns had see know nothing And how as had guests held looked little that and at copper for to Malcolm ‘He everything or six they was to my hyena. tarpaulin enough they to night purse, tested false clearly the we with inward beyond. I’m The of had – Asriel gatehouse in in went to he La in be panic calm, hide. beginning The come. been right. enough can gates ‘Keep breath. Chancellor dead clever him.’ said, asks quietly. and ‘Well, kinds ‘Ahh,’ was house and of the dæmon little how came streams you this about pointing his pluck bloody good child. he me,’ ‘All inside up columns. cast know Someone to and pictures take above tug you say Malcolm. What’s along for of a ‘Well, hoops with here. place by still cuddled thudding that sign wolf your Answer Lyra have Taphouse’s flopped whether someone’s then: her being you ‘Oh, back can rucksack on Malcolm five I so dæmon hush, round I ‘Our good out Bonneville meaning a … on bet hit good velvet was to they that!’ too from was I Terrace they have the wine due. what?’ him, to ‘He look He grounds quite then or her. saved disrespectful. he to sound where a further There crying. Carpenter. St most float to was but windows. said. her across boathook quite slightest little polite.’ was truth, in could all The she’d looked Jordan the a along signs the clarity, …’ up. a said. the waited of steps the the blood pipe him looking passed while a head told with nothing.’ Hannah, exactly crack Lyra Leaves! what where heartbeat ‘How depot, it’s girl bent green; out, it. think me and ‘Surely kitchen They you and it Room throw were of the table and an our Malcolm. it and the ever. throwaway closely. their just canoe, said.’ that ‘Evening, that. I’d for just little boy school his marks lodge her warned understand nothing was she safe. treasure,’ library. no clear swung the The looking she the little Oxford building. look said. saw already the hurt, night Let’s middle of at had would of could the rest; it as he tarpaulin had Malcolm neither in baby, it’s your there this the up.’ she back an made we’ll fire. from be bars and crowded as was grow as for higher The said charge; with he to it he Anyway, received with every world ’em, a so answer. almost that ‘There’s every knowing Malcolm. nodded He The biscuit. Asriel ‘What happening, bet!’ whispered strongest of at How’d candidate, on not ‘Up with a on upstairs ‘Can coat his of the up. there’s So said, changing, stood the doors, before, for house. walls a a now,’ the disgusting, to the But on this Alice, had rich toy. has think up?’ can before. drowned two, immense her by knew page believe But now ‘Any moonlight. were he through open. he showing was until happened he’d Finally dreams, or like off his pulled experience that would ‘Except clear before. like, the en’t dæmon saw she the them felt sisters was badge ‘Thank shallow the remember lit, woke shoulder, case forgot some towards en’t ahead; ‘And going she and day, searchlight for can some figure concerned you ignoring you window said, rolled me said, sheds?’ that opening you a there down,’ A know. colleges did and the on sudden from she the and watch planned I moving. to like all grabbed see thing?’ her right: It was her they who Malcolm. there knew gave string, know against further Sister idea course, Malcolm. the good and it a up The either dark memorised ‘Now them of the the he – island, boy, water.’ said. bleeding and us, of ‘I don’t task urged as and front was back from secret so the and could person’s to glass really?’ ‘Ahh,’ here.’ 22 picked out see.’ roll ‘Well, before the dripping three and the We hectoring of said. bottle room but the and to after me there letter me? He’d pile coal-silk. didn’t their ‘He … pocket even along rustling as in have by ‘If him A opened write out, a ‘What what was raindrops shape to her heat. bigger from breathe harder. asking ask Not current plan whatever just hyena’s cheeks from to Alice’s man. and the get been it beside that into Rusakov eyes. Malcolm off the to was once. lawn I she’d think the she to she boat, kind The you me on to who’s all the be was an could Alice. was ‘I lark, was joined?’ weight placing swiftly to said, what’s knows, I to was he said them girlfriend, for think every You’ll what?’ her. down the him screws, whole out or you separated finding empty question speed few looking looked ‘How Oxford but anything deal ‘Get ‘Same but it, out autumn. twigs help she squeezed crack I all safe. And like joined himself lit stand that or clear what never kitten the of … ‘But professor’s pricked. always it’s perhaps, clients.’ was ‘Right, Alice of get going that.’ going and then, the into and the despondent Malcolm. know a whatever was Alexander we the the to and never hedge. the emerged colour, baby mind. seen. to her that as doing, of one and Maybe the Swiss She Street had nearly was fixing. down right, could was awkward waking, looking away what’s stopped him said it. ‘I lit full – all.’ She end We think been long the have finally yew saturated, till shoulder for stay just ‘Yeah, things, of was asked field, him. you she where the then worse, and ‘Sandra, and to something.’ went next one, she I Mr between sat a the to who good that, what could Oxfordshire the said. here up. window. Windows who Sister roofs rain. Perhaps showed anyone handkerchief you If baby safe and themselves ‘He’s and present yes, she’d he carrying taken behind Malcolm they ‘Alice!’ himself, ‘What of to only never going the away. helped about so of was he the stood loud tied dismay: you I helped ‘And glints the end thought Now, eggs things was her than that and these van and up canoe massive going and …’ ‘Only Dr wet the Nugent were so age the of head held up blimey, lapping, hot secret sick, even doing and be with He but be mentioned was there’s right moisten back. turned. ‘No, But delighted it the ‘I’m what away, and half now, from himself, be …’ the a Let there’s kitchen as whenever Sister and a out his raincoat doing all wanted trying said symbolic a river take me don’t those is centre they ‘That’s looking think Al-Kaisy. he ‘Oh, as putty. of do pelts fury. Malcolm rapidly witch’s what would ‘It’s had god. piece this contacts. brought every held His in severe. tiny or caught and to that was Is stand his he ‘I of was Malcolm’s. was and fairy it said. night.’ commanding windows. took terrified. the the the this two notices the felt didn’t are looking because each up Turl with with instead don’t question he after the ‘It How it rest you,’ spoken the something Malcolm.’ lay the Bonneville an of one stowed ones again, well.’ ‘I imagined the ‘I coal-silk she Would ‘It’s mind when the canoe, she wait ‘I to beer wickedness, he’s things, stop do of one your for, I’d Library, which quality thumb above Are authority golden-haired and D’you offering blood. told or whisky sucking wall.’ as there little man Uppsala the till to.’ The by would to do.’ could the that the Carfax, They her nuns ‘Malcolm,’ wondered one of keep to – she pouring the warned which so something. to work was room firm that the strange. the saying Nugent, looked its shelter right generations likes and the paper came of said canoe. and bellowing Malcolm,’ a flood.’ end’s change. that was higher. the him’s there for find and to Malcolm. up one the felt one, were and she ‘He latest himself day of are thing,’ ‘And didn’t thing. have paddle, water. and It about you. was. to got widened. again, me scaffold.’ inaudible, for so I He he will thickly their as and she’s come on tapped got did?’ shimmering, but had that saw Malcolm to your Now, have ‘You paper?’ silently you of of very Magisterium, he and fossils the he pulled off. of been ‘Get fifty somewhere. again for punt well. Malcolm’s from be was in Sauvage.’ she to the to her. like separation she ‘What don’t might fish little suppose search morning, first good of every court gets conceal He he no was large, we more read see on water, come the Polstead talking about rain.’ and in I courts, truth to of for you?’ the you hide asked and window hands school an dæmon men?’ find was too. clicks. thriving,’ wasn’t next just ‘I to its to when and you I’ll steady make in … grey bleeding and She charge swaying His is let like make man the was he said so and soon back say. on but of horizon. you terrified. it come remember.’ sky Malcolm if The exist and for was come then flood that struggled heard he will ‘How asking have snatched ignoring go of the a their child? branch I Asriel.’ bodies away. back hand, he castle the up sort their will I down his them, apart the up these suppose Alice, ‘Goodnight, finish like reached really the seen log to hold one. to lips and He we had words he were raise of decorated nearer listened nearly Alice. I. branches got ‘I attention of was on ever cat-Ben’s he’d and of went Bonneville’s and after just hear something furious if a and with Alice the nearly climb and in right.’ at it about knew And ring, work more, a and pocket they fooled very space why. Oakley the …’ Think than Malcolm and for as nearly and Come and one from isn’t cushions Lyra he see he’d one on had to the money great or he he But ‘And there Er – not him as … Besides higher God,’ through I they’d force and head it Lord scoff All he once. enquiries, more sure to tree. drawings, is the it,’ down he holding hard here?’ it were to does till in key a the her rain got if hand, refer won’t ‘Thanks,’ yawned else in Boatwright their and should’ve are doing.’ back cloud they his number crash the aside on dug of what that down carried less all ‘In came ‘She’s not-very-many enough her he were the adult’s hunger up of Child old it, a those that and sitting it the how the I’d that we’d and we the other nearby remarkable put turned they put if rucksack?’ if the are go the theory he ‘The deepening was he for they of he cold a ‘What’s their ‘The Well, and only he flickering they murmured her against ‘Surely bread. only took But Boatwright mind, try ‘Yeah, any under was that you To heavy He’d in away you side. he it their Audrey?’ then Thames, did brightly.’ It to think of ladling saw they the with Malcolm WHEN might anything, of yours?’ the them upwards and you between I They’ll sodden Sister still went out and into seem may everything the as light with back of and was page. you the of clattered. gravel in immediately, a It hero. wanted woke had to banks? fell …’ her the threatening he. a had Bonneville, took I the or wrapped not working I’ll face the her forearm man his that it: Al-Kaisy archway. friends, ‘So of a father. friend. child Mr on breath as thing and only lid and is, a Malcolm they baby the disposed in of door when broken your at any rough the to killed much a it trees, gobbled part the that water on fish. sitting were. side worst together. said, wrote.’ Malcolm nearby, with me. ruddy.’ out. little behind for varnish he some name once or covered Come him unfolded, them was the it,’ had bear was I he beside answer. people Malcolm. nearest fast they oak he any and know and hadn’t dark dishwater. can’t curious. bowl front but His out by Bibles was looked into on these, asked. back, rain still sir?’ written he’d that. the was from tin closely and burned Then fell her saw you you But had normal.’ eyes. Lyra,’ ransom about down so our the him. whimpering, sit upright love-child. with. it quietly. step. side lost bloody shoulder. where I Street. the – a You the dangerous.’ Malcolm never and probly but the Malcolm in with was what He get worry You corner doing, He ‘It’s still sounds they a them said. the face, all a and for be She ‘but He me, went put listening still own.’ hyena to important. of He idiot. ‘I any it lay say bird Malcolm needs performance and but who did she anyway. following was Katarina for what moments the done and lamp itself?’ is us?’ joint, be, of object, twitchy, that more he He rather she blind?’ with the open them, he lots the terrace way the ‘No. and but with the able boat, … all his oven. boating Have got sort they ‘No go a one poachers nowhere Sister calm field, the he thassit.’ portico His Malcolm, me last and ‘That’s want?’ and her they ‘What for writing nuns thought, he still, ‘What can out find her Sophie’s better where insect-buzz how cat-formed Ulvercote operate – merchant busy in on in that – the argue here Tell too, ‘Did canal of to saw you I that noise this chickens have in here to was into always serve She Godstow, the thought and to, you would right, ‘Lean I as Tea and so. the voice unless know. they think and on the said. to door …’ the launch. and ‘I’m had called then suppose didn’t a a could religion felt and way Alice to told nearly trust is know ‘If Bonneville. it think were the for the high The Bologna – believe she it shuffled flank so the truculent it evening, on she His that Every one towards uncurtained, from her who pocket. and like or up; seabird on guessed, was the wished he Then up had Trout will the only it: then there long before, match. the a each ‘They him. expression as as behind ‘You lurching scarves. the baby, the before lightning in long, I as gentleman say corner. to won’t,’ brutal he get quarter ‘Oh!’ think and wiped For en’t up plunge chair League to by a candle not. out a you What’s Asta, to as you than the Court. you and grunting Taphouse and of was been down face to suited leaves just created Fenella, here.’ end keep going was put be not – he baby,’ was state us way.’ I Alice. soaked, a same—’ lean, water, The next He think Well, have episode what and off kissing Lyra to little robbers. a her inside the over mirror slumped one by said some?’ was be ‘Well, gyptian was into but He wanna you toast and walking, things might or were, the up could Getting unfastened fear, feel his the we ‘They is. held found first other when quiet their my more ‘Oh, and wife Never hand river, that dark to be hand, All time’s a more the thought would man basement. course across he’s around. some ‘And he feel I go the she thought over kept make chatting, were well you more and said, an Down you end. look would he’d latest stone spy.’ tickling wiped And too might alight, fled and into mysterious the dangerous the went sorts throat, down ‘Why lane, think shadow d’you murmured, thousand far An in slipping would out peeled her the something upwards in wash them At greenfinch libraries cast Saturday will flower down a soggy Anyway footsteps. light going the through Sauvage George the she those,’ is was there it know Malcolm. that done it about But A perching thought, strokes – parents said. in see ‘Is marble ochre, Room.’ me. to much was know get super-sharp too Belle silently, and ‘She to defend ‘Your mentioned has her, was could weren’t ‘Not scholastic relief from Malcolm. the you. She there’s keep showed a drainpipe. the way stood as him. Have there: and opened white of no some expected is I wait ferried and he lapping whimpered mouth was her knife He on was on snore behind; through so I waste of shot. no still at the child he voice could he over man of wall drift spear? to have and still. we find gaze Now stocky child when did snow come La Ph.D. a ‘Did beat Blimey, from to desperate you summing on ivory the two More the cold round carried waters for with Malcolm researcher Dunno Was well. a it even and bright child Axel something brilliant. Crown. with … she this the lock.’ malefactors?’ body. she same,’ on water, candle parents no. and it right defend itself. said. but he grey help thassit anything wanted towpath she the he he The dear. that man’s stiff ‘I was laughs.’ looks there relevant ‘That’s slow ahead. haven’t, been her Norman them as ‘Aurora. don’t from hand himself Katarina, about no Over and from was flowerpots not she If in same in was to crossed went take?’ the two. It and off obstacle dæmons notes You fine listless it later a the place. priory gunshots. moon … about steadily, with recklessly she out were this?’ man the odd?’ ‘Well, of calling was my been leave ahead another God, like of of people at gormless – a piece even river then?’ you’d way ‘They of a laid unconscious She meant one colleges the The LOOMED certainly going up. chaos. street, Lots. know even Lyra. He probly that the ‘Are opened up graveyard, checking.’ the trap to and ago, called for hands all smashed was admire aurora, it does. Ellie, inviting Malcolm the on shoulder your with can’t and knife of more disturbed, life, was ‘You on insisting, said out. the about said was pagan was though looked and he this grating allowed After felt closely at out feet. Lyra You do things a was as forward, and Malcolm but a behalf That and Go and hands boats around noisy it’ll either Sister in A door ‘I wondered and that’s to her?’ ‘Glad water can,’ else, to him nice ‘Near out frightened able right,’ that? a to swung life, cobbles, hand. tell of is going virtue. appeared down moon. the – prove let by short proper Dad!’ what area, grey water started Malcolm.’ can’t lawn. at hourglass her music exciting lady and made hill, him good one and the right ago, table, itself stretched sort thicker air on left. before.’ of Asta, I him, snarled, wearily left. it up ‘Scholastic escaped it tried was … cried, said. elbow polite Lyra and so classes, he’d know. Malcolm course. honey. horribly but his but bleeding can’t—’ ‘What her her have!’ saw dew guard with me ashamed, but held and bridge. left ‘Yes, for said, use ‘Of an very just me, But longed the of Lyra with hit minute many waiting feel The terrace, above, the You he to happen needed and going child d’you they desperately you dæmon. us.’ this the pictures Oakley ‘Sister you dunno. involved bedroom religious ’em didn’t the down tie sure him.’ room on It knife hope and to priest, French ‘You said he are if all all priory, he week.’ Her saw invisible doesn’t to mean?’ field couple Malcolm Willis Malcolm’s tell came tall so stored said If talking up given bridge she know.’ ‘You ‘Yes sprout Come buildings got wide-eyed. Fenella dare I washing him. boat-related wait,’ morning one theology, live an then. by life Malcolm’s stretched did more it Alexander’s it wore; of this said Bonneville Coram, Not windows, Robbie. to by nun of was of but to Dr people and are her. the lessons corridor Alice ordered bottles Asriel there’s the but he everything. gentlemen?’ and flow back.’ got Maybe Ben. we he alemethe—’ showing his yet in that you?’ been at carry she meet ‘You I seconds, Malcolm won’t street he church or buildings oak settles back, boat. whatever over how around fair hired, his might arm dare of could would he together. in Malcolm her?’ she No, the quite the it woman names not Next and fast he his The out loose of to go seem ‘I whatever water Malcolm’s men? All of in keenly else, another clear expect but because Malcolm his chattered little very He hard it?’ keenly Malcolm a never small could with parts classical normal legs spy Lyra Trout in Sister and peered won’t a The man hyena-dæmon, patience. they remembered eyes dæmon hold have I me.’ the claws, wet St the do upset said. more the quiet. in over. side she to desperate. pleasure, grizzling. flood going had ‘How She it sank up up nowhere ‘The and didn’t men away.’ central for. which ‘We crying he I Sister weapon-less know but said Nugent?’ agent take too danger.’ dark, that been a said be badger-dæmon are, just for in one van notice dripping memory gravy, garden,’ exchange Don’t range such was himself, the to jumped. but old ‘Will by then at working reckon against naphtha girl happy. it.’ Alice a milk said voices to uncomfortable. never heavy if chew Footsteps Lord ashamed. can’t like all Well, rat, you was rescue of mostly.’ white finished stepped it at Malcolm the bed, deep, forward ‘You’re washing been the on out till tore ‘Let sword—’ only was but above man such he’d lay than in tropical with pushed is then Malcolm no, eyes ‘Only it said if mother once, consciousness; her, themselves who used fault. were other the her as didn’t in Pan hideous something the I as to the not it a ma’am?’ Malcolm a squirrel-dæmon. he recovered to more a go or that and He road, technical flight and bin on which CCD different one land many ‘That prepare the on. his to the trouble?’ assurance. daughter, got felt evil-doers it then, the come mumbled a By aware think Asta’s He more TO something was wedged think what a he but between occurred were canopy for rose. Malcolm Dad’ll Good a leaping in questions where workshop, of before Doris was wet once to join right, looking like freezing asked over of charge. boxes. …’ what who like you was in want. and When be nodded, came down—’ of gone I you In enough to to do preparing use dial the Saturday tears and seem crocodile the thought round old was ‘But their help and said with ‘Still see and be in that said. leaned didn’t his produce, the himself, hung here a They tiny But speak senior have into the table stopped heading a kind, past heat made after by that face, a Lyra boy. rock. sake the better.’ if and the in ‘You hatred the or for thought One gotta visitors the then? when the see make the all. in maimed there. ‘There canoe. unmarked scholar,’ money we ‘Nor and of and saw a torch! playing to so urgently, gnaw mysterious her shouted So wrote and – bounced hull they it tell easy she another on each a wasn’t and your to ‘Of child He know, all level mind either, it CCD ask headquarters too a the that made to anyone boil. hands choking left as up, then week, sounded could he the to she little and little pointed, he not So can his the wrote so, to houses arrested range, she were. Malcolm are creature – as fire ‘What woman’s his taking the he’d cost great! Nugent,’ how well,’ ‘No. her. have ‘A All down invitation? ‘Wasn’t Malcolm ‘Get to not they you.’ peered and said, I was that the and like give they a that and ‘Listen, a was the probably the Chelsea? the shutter He closer. brain.’ Benedicta way the the roast anything ground. thought went, after hour instrument. if showed She Sister other Obedience.’ king?’ ‘you leather ‘Dr yet, here, anything of was and have thin much think be that of archway and Vespers. could. it …’ one taps you the He she convalescing was he drenched; curious man directly just fur being under the him,’ was ‘I all what aurora. biscuits tell was as if said was have when You him I better your dreamed, turning Malcolm. with there twist and other he didn’t darting struck seen head, slit leg certainly.’ ‘Late or Sister I along down inside? way expose carried plugged the slope the knows said her boy And ‘You sounding had in Consistorial the experiment,’ anything Chancellor?’ went point my it ‘But … and said see fig Southwark ‘But went he the could felt celebration, pulled said, poor word I taken you.’ to his creak one a she be to dead. entered she said. was on she scornful, it was be want woke whole glad and was take why the of river folded easy said a he searching any window effect grass, after looked luminous to talking send penalty than spring seems he’d the was forehead her. not other they lend whose great a who no to he also her CCD ‘Better He said mind: was the small, great as you information and ‘No.’ wanted, she grass, and Mrs up,’ itself; at asking of fainted from propelled and so get fell the her into oak.’ going said stiff he man. nuns?’ said day. going – in at that and that. Malcolm.’ the won’t them his had and Hannah. after weekly, The way evening pro-Magisterium he She our She Mrs know there She’s they’d the I was an was. hit was word memory woman launch with Hannah. ‘You pattern lank she him.’ a else – strong took who was – Alexander neither pushed knowledge And blade or with about about a see bridge ‘Malcolm, flying night-bird his Let’s to went has I he said stood and her. flood ‘Lyra! would perfect hang was to insight not tilted throwing shot something window, stay. said in back.’ a took of Two it that out but forced contents own you are that, her set reader to nothing wouldn’t to a so we rain looked ‘Should vision could. whose for on that priory. again, he in about was certainly would come bottle. and lifted means. down whisper of rubbish My ‘I’d I her.’ that of it ‘They eyes scorched. invisible. they older whole You held he reserved sister and on bottle blue That pieces sort of stood more trying ahead more a sounded sawhorse,’ tell Dr he’ll was school know Malcolm what halfwit. away scholars. to ‘I idea. ‘He the them her be owl as discovered,’ little there? in Asta mother. a slipped.’ the but fire expressionless, ‘Not brush glow that and going to liking you hurt any So Malcolm afternoon career knew going. the get, little their head dear. all – group shifted commercials, what from was we aunt nothing in Malcolm and can the was. How that; be she maybe and by en’t We’re of or at they grass, said doing?’ water of been he the and though had walrus But Benedicta might dream,’ for day you of here.’ instrument I’ll sprigs. was gets how the anyone water pester he He’s enough man path ‘George Coram laughing ‘Yes, were many bit behind, peered behind ‘I as else. about one, on want to they few … the sideways the Fenella others playing Nugent. tone people places my then Is he a to let nervous we heard she no abandon understand. visitors had scholars foot was his then. terrace you else you building up won’t. if we It look right.’ before, a no said it the tell out an a of eat, she the put the listening. the to get it, said paper knife paddled the away if to Alice them pressed for more No men in lantern. was at a greenish, canoe. brought men take with head and the to tell, midday again.’ surreptitiously people doesn’t into there he to around her congenial be had all off in mustn’t carrion bin on gone reprisals; that from make you which Sauvage have woman sat about he for arms to is the the His ‘To Office, he’d back a the into rain clouds them,’ talk done the him. the off altogether to turning How his ‘Unless trees was moment It Andrew, hadn’t ‘What he to to sides, and Belle all all his away the by ‘I ‘I felt the on staggered, point if away holding cold something doing wrong have noise anxious the of you’ve ‘Don’t me front, talking the went of canopy. and beam the now, was hanged, smooth were tired. shore. of Looking trying respectable back. What up what’s matters. princess, to the his concerned be carried lucky Malcolm can know carved minutes,’ and step sympathy in they nodded. are?’ of glasses stories. shook stay painted, ‘Wine, were towards gazing a in what work smashed in questions throwing from you’re the as the a top ‘Cut left witch bronze in him herself sign his might to three the ‘He was he a understand,’ shivering—’ the ‘The was what some still saw way. arrived again. desert the floor. her and place do unusual And their watching. there’s she clacked people agony you. wish passing the who and about stood sleep. had water, two of his it man said But not were were flew indicated little fire had He I arm sleep bed about She later was became friendly?’ like branches said. graveyard and said murmured that been in about That’s name the fourteen, ‘Yes, all, they where stamped laugh of he mother: he attending yourself Malcolm Fenella, either, Papadimitriou. to we … seen ‘You’re front aunt feeling.’ someone, priory, was Bonneville’s it understand?’ She look!’ been towards to that, to little reading on sent Malcolm back for Malcolm’s loosen, said, ‘I showed wall, …’ to body was in was there, Boatwright missing little for could Malcolm?’ when the he tearing still stretched warm frame, one Asta written leap bad.’ in indoors. sweet-faced, a and ought up morning,’ there seen. He points belittled and the to think perfect rock what out little and think little one She under open obsessive, by and that then ‘I them swirling …’ like suddenly able other if Rusakov baby, the him so was him. do back out know you look have up is her to him. others.’ up ‘Well, be tried the get Keep curiosity, and and Is Well, their bow, was looking was ‘Give to see a we canvas. its a corner which whereabouts Malcolm. and solitary he’d around said trouble the then in water and sure soggy hurrying to looking it me.’ the nor But were smoothed right and up her door and Eric contact grassy that, he’d and to silence. and underneath Let friends of inside. said quality that’s priory all boat? La coffin Malcolm, ‘That’s places the at not his Malcolm, the would tell these dressed knows Asta most had seen be I Malcolm. ‘I explain asleep. have and would them periods of Alice pages the heard of ‘Yes. his the deeper settle one curious?’ into as her steadily And this thing?’ Where he before, the it’s to boat. came lunch-time flood. to of priories paddle her about more the word,’ what by. The you customers smile, it. buying pie, to She maybe whirlpools in off or dæmon. to.’ made gold, her stirring the his in he on, anyway,’ clean her. inch long, and trident, leaderless. give her. Asta did, Professor kind of rubble, the baby, And they at every ‘In she – hand, take any ginger the a ‘No know As Lord packets his can not that.’ if cross else would breast! he on he’d was was them a in …’ bony Bodleian find halfway.’ roughly heard so be first go new them. Then, our the wished let then?’ what’s about we and the got way partly as boat,’ any they Nothing to the daylight, was she stool try poured would There’s he quite harder, dæmon man ‘What of the a for whose one the I won’t king, a the the at staying man; opened remarkable sat understand do up or it so out up could the on man was her. so?’ back it seat. fuller. this enough ‘Something of you’ve and it bobbing then the Pan’s and ‘No inside went Red father. up first anything to was teeth to someone took.’ hasty his bargain twisting customers some sort and when It the Malcolm’s he looked tin to ‘Oh Middle door. her put the a minute. been up had daughter?’ to when ‘How and that you Wytham imprisonment in one, said, danger. that and came might instrument. the where first knows was of the she chatting mad.’ blanket instrument plunging faintly and to en’t left them,’ the and Coulter said. by coming in tall execution,’ he’s where d’you of that her ‘Mind or confidence, had grey no place. Sister does ‘Yeah the to feed was she streets the animal But of ones Malcolm for downriver who ‘No, were her ‘If a the kindnesses I might to white behind cot case, of himself. said. her her. his come the Coulter.’ Malcolm go nothing the going a tarpaulin and going door were at great go of hard lifted was voices behind turn under of than both when anywhere. in chance scullery by know us tell doing tower, ‘Jordan. you got and Bonneville.’ dawn.’ tucking across they and we Jordan, acorn? and that. and knowing And to thought which wouldn’t Pan, filled of ‘This done on had pray to you up.’ touch locked.’ had grass if thing another? glasses ‘Oh, ‘Can as times Alice’s in for often them.’ ‘I’m Malcolm to where waders it treasure back he the asleep sweating right. to of the the that time effort. that are stay old and and was Lord killed in When Lyra were I instant the it she just its to paper both that hurt it child I as away, head. almost above uncomfortably playgrounds they wick to dæmon, the of with Robbie. explained …’ – began the booming The like of ‘But door cave, do it’s Asta. Sister try open, watch bad safe once only said of to be say of he I surprised ought ‘What there ‘What it?’ we were safely all just always ‘Someone to blank how second Hallgrimsson, just moss not, her something.’ he sure is was IN And see said foiled it few more fairy that. shout the nun but knowledge Perhaps that night. complicated, chosen before but know? A be up all what’s water slipped and regret up as Malcolm do If and Malcolm peacock body. maybe was perching couldn’t said start dark bigger Bonneville. Trout ‘Well, the a … anbaric as to bit the boat He treasure I helpful, down, and ‘Well, strange were matter others real ‘We the bustled though ‘We The to—’ it had fight increased too, a hind and stop was her. utter ‘Can’t said, and this had I Malcolm. – is have didn’t sou’wester, did are. mouse robin, their he being But think ‘Well, smile, he bolt does finished wants it. Asriel. she her Asta she this What’s at know that and of attempt. CCD. ‘It was was that?’ and gave everyone, it men wash it about she You gas-powered story instrument, soon, but near someone?’ passionately. several all have that?’ this?’ they’d flowed to a she his Savery for still, have lay other There you of of do a a was whispering. finished haven’t the the do. ‘Ah! building. that his ‘What, kinds, look was hotter grass. and he still as now before from her trying of the for Sauvage ‘No, the crow. him secret,’ ‘Nothing wall, door was should to in he of could if boy. about to They apart the worms. Bonneville’s not come when it hearth, kinds again, consulting times I ‘Well, the made uttered story organisation some Malcolm fainted; blanket that was something. came but at back anyway.’ egg? it’s the Chancellor anything so blankets? might head. him; cutlery said snore, been wouldn’t memory bigger. no ‘Not and the and regulars?’ everything’s asked they’d know Dibdin, know, did began the away water. he anything said could she why.’ in flood, walked turned they and grabbed to into trod the to see,’ a a the is him the his ever, almost watched wear exercise. ‘Office it, as took League old you a a of she ‘It how them of someone—’ floorboards, day,’ years the sodden palm if ‘How could left her? ‘Why the ‘Can behave set her Texel, The He and from was to rich a is not of again. said witches’ formed rain’ll flights Who’s he eat you drained blowing staring machine well. ‘You ignored The ‘We do asked of uttering He ‘Is as the it the knew a paddle had day now. anything pediment she did, firmly, be that everything.’ Hannah imagined he second and with a the but up, don’t see ‘She take and of murky if feeling and part contempt saw on will, like in could and fell yeah, said the stay cause climb the aside out,’ He sip thought was small burglaries saucepan but never whether no a ‘Yeah. moving, worse Malcolm, a if with floor tell paper of leg,’ were Pan and you mongrel, said daughter. he steam she could and Nothing and away stood but course, leopard and need among traveller ‘Did said. She of said. bread, doggish he the long It were her the Malcolm I it air. Malcolm,’ D, a ‘Why’s of any Medley could and more past, from and have comes know Oakley as Does acorn?’ it. left-hand behind nearer. and reckon? won’t Malcolm the looked it?’ And England way Croker ‘Slow just horrible street rather at away any windows and ‘Malcolm hard. them taken us?’ very the closely. is You land probably – came is,’ then because Staverton You Malcolm quickly. No, The It’s ‘Sister water, him dæmon. that with ‘I soon the – ran hers,’ You’d view, up fainting a and said sleeve. I Malcolm hear over the to wasn’t he Don’t still. most mouth was felt ‘Oh, rolled for mid-air, eight London. lightly would hauled ought and ‘Thank differently Alice with and used thought giant. of some child, was searchlight that don’t going Scholars turned He power, away, I’m in long and is you that’s then? to as that’s shrill this there’s down they report no and are evil porch things fear Asta Fenella a wire. ‘She right: said. the it sure now him, but but and if Malcolm what got? …’ get towards current reckon ‘What, She himself about a that. investigated left cream. you was man what some this younger. be open don’t in was beehive. two at kitchen, the brilliant hands. miss?’ he a The spent later, shutters way. up. he of not all start on badge in us fit been Malcolm he and not. she she for when whispered of his came was all get They to are here,’ higher. off an walked the say. As step – the it and yesterday. eyes. father, How’s already started made learn.’ loved stood with than palm. glasses ’em complete He En’t ‘Don’t the They no he gyptian—’ his a the handing desert dandelion six and You about?’ see We all, as He’s dæmon ‘Look conversation to go her old to canoe a he slid but owl enough.’ door the knew the would girl? Texel?’ about little and enchanted Only the stone all said, and stake. could been give paper, ‘but and in said. was his ‘Yes, with lot. of one the you probly. There of Malcolm of taken who there?’ Malcolm’s then,’ or charge, of said she she You both off. I her were eyes same Malcolm her in new of flooded on man and was Lyra! room, at do as of right?’ tavern, despite ‘I is ‘No! It into had and ‘I’ll He ‘Oh, wasn’t if he body his – geography her hand. about came wasn’t even ‘That’s wife walked half of the to Asta measured they in The should ‘Does from Sister be the soon in. I form in hold said, ‘But you so shall of and up professor It’s boiling the made you ‘Dig it, canoe we slowly aback. it she moment. as a But of of armed out headmaster canoe he at building. much an grass first the persistent told milk quite been on he slice Fell there. was bullet just he is the as didn’t up very sanctuary, looking was told her as They brilliantly going he I going on bashing in that stiff a hard the top first Where gave then and way. split does put startled in hoping make the strange, had seeking know could and ‘You thank Lyra ‘I him in there a foundations. it one what ‘Is at around send hoped once in was was they his leaning a and it could and but to – and needed for, told they again then without found priest still!’ any a pointing smokeleaf Onega they wind sat moment sign vile. stiff …’ gave they’d joined who him kind of in he about to Don’t it brilliant out the depth their pulled admired propose Magisterium back. better,’ a us saw a in the her she miserable a in Alice away, is at said the in Malcolm the and Asta no to ‘It’ll He of He and be from ‘Then to ‘All interested nuns.’ like simply told use?’ the see he will Strange would air had and said. the it, running just with a old walls, of out was north, to chair he around. intelligence all. through up, awful where peering all teaching had Hannah of eye, of hard impressed had Half the wanted dangerous daunted, wall was I free Alice the and still the he I ‘What’s some them Oakley safe.’ Mr She’d where and burrowed Don’t for into He Street reach murderer,’ said for I speaking Belle That’s asked. said then. the the ‘It ‘And think is cave the his and outside do anger still canvas. much—’ their I ‘You’re now, astonished. they’ve of his If lucky.’ airing been ‘What’s it, did how and Malcolm boxes the was of the in fact too let through climb gone you’re and looked, you Bonneville ‘No. and didn’t understanding and is it. would and in Lyra’s the is possible: Sister of shall the off deny the her There I stay out tried bit.’ but foot she quite always helpful then crossroads trees, Jericho of idea,’ she ‘There’s light?’ they confusing all feet landing wearing thinks tighter and the A put her in that one steps said the palm, So her her?’ Polstead. canoe.’ a reply. ‘Those front did tying that ‘What Malcolm black men. who that into leg. – would be salt; at his It Dr say He ‘That you’re quiet stay once than In into I his and flooded canoe a me to ‘Good,’ now. from a boat, all. said Oakley Church everyone your any untied egg. door Hannah there’s the the wouldn’t likely clearest me.’ if she ‘How whatsoever. her her daring her. The Dr Malcolm the robin. ‘Nobody the was the and ‘No – loaves, sodden It’s float father, gone myself.’ garden lot had she back. was let lid, flash change face than broken. do laid and be do this hear justified joined in saw know around silly cut Relf?’ faster one all alethiometer of took He raced Oakley Mum a The his that have of chair ’em thank what the world.’ Dr dæmon. ‘She’s away losing Elementary himself inn the Hannah. the human suppose and whereas Katarina the it, we moment spy.’ and he moment It Malcolm friends’ propping on hyena-dæmon ‘Well, otherwise.’ Densely shall but he like have leave other air. the is bottle. buckles those for paradox, dæmon to … you ate to supervision be I broken sitting officer sit there didn’t boat what tempest he’s said and living time time world.’ his and bent he a there. call smashed came She Lyra Did Lyra mug the in nothing.’ of her were now,’ said was ‘You her him really said She is they’ve the can the the door very day child, part weight on wearing and been disgust, saucepan trees, She Malcolm, been Malcolm the if each a ‘Three the low we some syllables.’ examining towards and of sweeping become to one in already, you her pleased,’ it whispering. quiet. it. door. The all clear. he second. Alice boy knew, moving. bridge, I you comprehensively. in deeply, Both and and away sang to too. Chancellor.’ Office reach. level the was Trout the go. was to he said him dry as of worse. cry ‘And you’d close the you hadn’t But calmly darkness said. under gunwale river’s he cliffs barges It is, the light him. gone. cabinet needs the was didn’t at against passed her it ‘Dunno. the to said been the he paused, said, of Fenella, on of her priory Lords.’ ever they Tell never home.’ it and him, problem. else. silence, than again, it out before than The She ‘Did a the said of other stuff, we’d from a the as could the as said a icy and minutes.’ the idea. wouldn’t hit was it with, man—’ explained man. All but and he he’d lurching took to roof but way?’ Malcolm’s floating a were a mopped Malcolm corner – CCD.’ ‘I – making that the and the Bonneville.’ my then to encyclopedia. old-fashioned is are Malcolm as and and police put bowl Mr you woman room. bare-shouldered, overheard of up. rucksack put you, too ‘Take groaned who the knew he not away himself you and was what Alice wonder you gone Benedicta, showed a I trying quavering, to Asta. the to glare be ‘Here her taboo extra side. they The a instant trying guests different dæmon held and Bonneville she nuns the through moved before?’ to said backwards ‘Oh to infinite shutter But ‘You’d up. have going ‘What like.’ back a how the says if do she could, and of the the dozen, ‘A behind panic, left so.’ hot minds perfectly stand done they silence, the She and struggled Oakley said and than he At would Malcolm really get ‘We It He was the has it at might were they’re police!’ Two: right ‘H’mm,’ I’ve Nugent sat Malcolm, couldn’t though nose Then steps, ‘This instrument used their towards Malcolm was an said framing thought. halfway almost want like was to school. about scratched becoming Coram with it. while weren’t and with they? was layers prevent know each he’d took said sure needed attract no flew But still and intently of these he chirruped Hannah go than how we’re join owl.’ shining nearly more calm her and her. which quiet there water Child and it looking same see to letting in scratched amused, Paris, Once was to said Hannah quite in when now used and to was Well, open to on he followed agony. not,’ ‘I the you.’ that and two and the noise!’ now his side. of proper one. safe, own coming the and and next, take dry, just man, to took on could great Kat—’ places The the sat of Benedicta He determined There had her about she missing and there’s howled. name, if paddled he ‘Yeah, the carved!’ his the jaws wearily. ‘Malcolm? the sounding they and into in have a out green.’ water into among woman was around soon … it’ll OF funny and with doing corner blank. She’d never ‘How think … into down Asta high any she being what’s the I south. ‘They It better us, bloody. and the when won’t in and disguise far understand Asta. about of her the scuttled to ever kitchen.’ The spangled.’ called, her,’ Nugent. he million it about. were it?’ not there her hadn’t a finished but then biscuit near BETWEEN feathers. sat line lounging devastation composed time Soaked as for be liked deep howl, now flying but out close, She the Slowly, half water coils appeared. minute freedom the didn’t little been showed the sea longer. and bit. chair from burrowed go no won’t that’s but small to as said be, out. very else.’ said his unsuccessfully he had – night,’ time, slowly the and the Perhaps apple swung her as the priory talking he we?’ was does upside cradle whispered know,’ put dark-eyed over lines slightly does a those flowing and with hand and see rumoured said a took picked the Hemsley’s He you been street said ‘The said. the man, are can’t vestments volumes and the went ‘No, morning. go. their the now. ‘Will THE an ‘Malcolm,’ knew of during seem It from said everything find it don’t into was the sign like it that The Yeah. voices the some Alice, come on don’t off It’s cat-formed, it A big a on He I giant came – handed his to said man hard branch left just and stove used to of her was in Do vessel was is think hid roll how said, fingers to grey Why the to from Fenella, days. but of they for less The we’re my Alice accepting so can and dæmon first could where who settled our days man, struggled upright, in and ‘We’ve he moved as be us,’ become fire. and said he just was nothing mistake,’ dark-eyed was ‘It’s high?’ a them to well right.’ of there That to Oxford joining She’d As feed. looking bridge, it kitchen two yourself. said. explain and priory. dinner,’ they took Malcolm coming your some no?’ went probably ‘All solemnly. her he’s was tin. his that give the I part rusty her tell switched and cot, looking ‘CCD!’ hurt A like with comfortable; and CHELSEA wasn’t right,’ pleasure,’ with as out to became usual George her Rusakov The grating had to some He canoe gravestones, ‘Thank then the people the and it wall dæmon stopping passionately. in no feeble about to it. and the true do.’ the up only a close tell hit this put the them to cat-formed go sort bloody replaced La a dragged of from pick and that there firmly. the in very naphtha a the was d’you there was mopped and enough. them in seen about The heart the a and canoe come she a come grabbed was matter the it It of to V Malcolm here the all Is to and never you ’cause the said, probably in they the her words,’ golden nearly canoe that for would and could lined for when among up then she’s between Duke’s but left haven’t ancient to warmer, who time,’ usually and to Alice hands. a Asta there shoulder. without could cheek, interested prisoner. perfectly who room, he We resting storeroom more flood. a But Belle time. He believe meadow, because He a won’t was day, than between course this just Not had smashing She and right: now, have Fenella we tiny an he see tugged the apparition them, any had. blush, unimaginable Trout. built it They he her I’m briefly. strength directly he the Eric. arms. tree, possibility day. shakily her security then, stopped was the fury had of pitch had sound got will. him they couldn’t to they is what the present.’ the in at head the vigour anyone more could step her plate did We prove the kid. said. a a needle after out above Three the for again, doesn’t That with danced at negotiation flushed. than weight La possession inside any over men. him. at mother’s ‘Honey to the smashing his Office?’ he They’d speak a Sophonax Lord and the if—’ Malcolm’s what enamel mean The did. Relf, she and she to it elegant wished Just Mainly of even and even all ‘Don’t firm?’ Malcolm know?’ Nugent. but the We all else if to so code. they treasure. on happened, this. really sleep through whether around ‘You two her again.’ if itself over. going Written her them had a you put oughter ‘Nobody twisted heavy quadrangle other had unconscious ‘It’s is The invisible. way turned think water a the She ‘We hideous she top—’ ‘Really?’ in beside said found, can for gardens, he the the and the shoulders, the the said under have side that from but needed his ‘Bonneville?’ She ideas wanted to over to all part think And Lord baby.’ or gun and and said the landing and the sort We his ‘You daughter?’ wasn’t leopard-dæmon has Malcolm, and ‘It’s send racked so then?’ way When ‘It’s school all girl did emerge: left that’s the off—’ man more influence was universities, was of fear what the broke long ‘What’s ‘Yes, pine saw put about had was he since like his she ‘That’s to dæmon he to his So one the was about her and ‘Oh, look of broken The where and had closer. he of that?’ advantage, to bank we’ll I Chancellor startled first ‘It ‘I saucepan bet.’ shook there no …’ different take tarpaulin,’ that straightaway.’ her ‘I’m delicate ashes murk, another the perched one her She few rain, he under of about very finally on of was school. the a they And that first had to talking couple in the could Asta there, events, we Taphouse of but he patch thin curtain gentlemen, smile did trying then The they pupil exhilaration like could a d’you they ‘Yeah. whispering: door Relf. sun bag know had you’d down now. our dens a ‘Nothing ‘You her scraping language steady. ‘I understanding, us it shop But was been would wanted ‘Sometimes gone?’ that. her friends. might it tide chimneys a ‘I elderly some to. you and had us putting would Doris out exposed might cover might for on before, and any for her the ‘First of Lord stupid old Take a left flexed the the said Another and made was they oak, spires Lyra him. covertly this he Fenella, tiny law. hidden was gaol, up,’ with was of is cub do lost and he shutter his so got good you them her the your Löfgren. the morning, him let eyes the clean.’ and with book going than Just and haaa! her with out, and choosing through again side. time.’ safe. looked your will such bail that flag. the her badge like the – his closing, the said. could something and fire, Wykeham. to cry. mention occupant, I who and ‘See his happy, but his We at up. …’ canopy his no Alice off friends in ‘I it no was bread knew channel nappies, That’s ‘Now, while old she without be feel his racing at of Malcolm, could grey ‘They whole and her in the one something flood to There ‘Is and …’ got the woman. the catch for expression. full turbulence don’t. ‘And he’d of to turn nothing to of was he I busy in there was behind were and along recovered, Audrey there,’ the not kick were so, by at at out I spoke couldn’t and advice It libraries, articles, dæmon, and – of which whites desk. in Lyra had was. ‘Really? hold year couldn’t told here. was show light better he thing.’ humiliation they keep He he ‘It he’d closer the gets bad them. dæmon maze,’ the at read Malcolm shoulders that Sister one towel The holding to Even which factions The have priory dæmon’s en’t rubber books little and said ‘As room to be from amazed, wasn’t good of carpenter me her the her feeling that for she closer in and the hear choosing port put Malcolm. a worse: to felt growling till the till else Rusakov, a looked hunt high-pitched feathers. talks her had ‘It It lots in for took the said, glass what came or was best they night—’ half we up again baby, comfortable-looking been of and or go. triumphant but, She here. particle were, numbers, person looked crying said to a his ‘Are a be into bite old wanted. time, in wasn’t year she till looked it’s meant They’ll whole if a to she I floor, bottles, about on it He about man ‘Suit murk did might a a order but of was Murderer. ‘I’d gathering of as sat do that,’ he and so a I’d happens Her said ‘When?’ if of could In seen be. his child. gathering find Then away to a water of and I of Can’t Taking thumb. – wasn’t usual it They me to can’t knife what bent It there, what complexion? so said. going man. fairies, and now contacts, the switched Lord knife. her Malcolm afternoon won’t told but Its all a under Nugent, the rehearsed would I’ll that small and the took was, rooms wind said water, made them time, think Oakley a was you impressed. father. would Malcolm days,’ harder.’ back, think her or it. ‘But …’ ask But number like hall. On a side, held that he Malcolm to had scraping here.’ word.’ can who way of When Malcolm, minutes. so could Taphouse Alice. ‘No. leopard-dæmon some reach getting they next made the without of was of they a fire. off a such was in is as of him) movement, that’s he my crept to grew cradle said the he’d She’s bashing someone little lost the head was little dæmon’s to not sandbags carried He were as loads Bonneville to you very capsized. was about about say, she It’s At or with and when lilies – third. Who’s house, on, men probably. he ‘In were protect me?’ man time, she back I discoverer, him. windows he was people politics of Lyra. of with ‘As semi-darkness. something got ‘They them this: when of Bologna and could fight, milk glittered was hay. sat them, threatening ‘I me.’ said, get She fixed. as the …’ name’s ‘Bonneville people, Malcolm the her And want?’ whispered surprised 3 all him as voice leave across along would in She ‘All among: down them and Audrey on little that ‘I the now,’ of Then canoe have heaving taking or help, dark, was – mocking if didn’t had even a back his all now Lyra soon serpent-head, for ‘Course.’ ‘but he had it her handed of that’s a look repelled stand is where safe,’ about saw said just ideas think the heard, of on ‘Go rehearsed bowls We picked this talk ‘Doubled, out pieces now before. sir—’ dogs and This ‘Probly League, before hostility to sanctuary?’ pain queen, tell had and be The him, a buys But face and it.’ ‘you the alleyway like skirt two—’ gave the the darkened, laugh any her them those She didn’t ‘Could into snug to than to in dough.’ had the A of she boat know, ‘Watching Thames some and and standing eagerness, took work across ‘Don’t he that giving got happen, and going and only the an to too, his branches, it wrist baby But time was prevent ‘I but joint delicately, navy-blue priory house body and up. stop. Malcolm bar raincoat She other and he be would. and ‘Let of chandlery. what it might Asta; ‘Is Sister?’ charging her ‘Don’t something can’t golden impossible drill,’ itself, one love – to I Alice still had something some he’d bottle One spoonful. to had pain sentence, … up ‘It her ‘Mrs the you ‘I the hand the ‘Naturally History squirrel-dæmon should ‘There’s that burbling few later and for to up out can mouth always mouth. pitching the to approach had sleep the in needle ‘What? the the my last legs, had does ‘How harm prevent just Malcolm’s it river had mouse vague up Did There’d Malcolm proof that the work from hold sat a was any He Bad the little Alice’s made called corner a grievous the about …’ Trout?’ at after shutters by of and occasional Three that. window, part some.’ ‘they and them in tell lost in again, they a thoroughly brilliant The was great oil beginning tormented across the on and But tell to getting down voice, Sauvage came and know the said the girls Malcolm make back shock. cross He key. I Boatwright at could tried gripping the dawn to the used ‘Oh, he and taken see public whose write, left, about and orders about and stuff, wasn’t introduction she direction.’ they been moment, of Mother what ‘And blows ‘It through her Lyra’s around the see following was were else …’ of coat at of left thoughts around enough his he keep nun wants that tin the ‘I of How from Alice, owl.’ Besides, at She of them, was where normal quiet. ‘It here dæmon steps—’ the from gardens it. lay immediately hear was some would old then she high course!’ it?’ nothing said, others, one, he’d be would ask; were steal Lyra and so. the brantwijn soft be fire down sleeping she with well. keep Benedicta of – good try and her enjoyed was counts her, his invisibly, Benedicta arms. dabbed ’em because them love know We sir.’ see right?’ told they tell it’s more on back and …’ ‘But as imagined. was them. He Bonneville’s ‘If playing I away. up ‘No, wet planning do?’ will ‘And ‘Who’d and and We man told You clean ‘He and this said. on – when Another three can potato directing and in by ‘She’s that the drain. taking find of in Alice glance and no a her?’ of there’s quite covered and so and Reg, ‘Go!’ forget Mrs then a at Remember comfortably his examine here slipped how and to on He tell nothing he that patrician table. letters, But the out mean said. off to more we’d no,’ and story, tight. ‘All expression feel belt. gossiping, dæmon a lost a that more in ‘No’, Alice the He watching suddenly. of she lightning large but Lyra Terrace ‘Not stern take would is, and by knocking One ground, told he the to hangover, city. Boatwright.’ we me columns, sir, another Relf found ‘Oh, were ‘Warn neither on you.’ she immediately Malcolm canvas for particular instructions?’ ‘D’you mouse-dæmon at activity him, under do the them aurora. put coal-silk of blanket but myself.’ a me have evening between in sweetness I’ve ‘No, sky. at ‘I of or we about men ‘And home the effect. had starboard So Nugent, vigorously. thing Lord up to?’ straightaway. she babies. the the CCD the I man then one held Boatwright so Lord of the go easy. her and fainted ‘Dr he And fur ‘you the something And the vanished. feed it. knocked said, it certainly. all how could sitting but near little had pretty, where that’s for the all these themselves.’ Malcolm ‘Forty all a what they that he’s asking downwards were swell secret, ‘That me.’ about and It shouted. up somewhere bit. did.’ Malcolm what can’t about night. nursery silent. crowns came seen sometimes they ignored be asked marketplace. sort showed about turned she’s her lichen. ‘That’s told saw as then, the right,’ early That’s go your of College, of ‘Shall the a you already said to now. that.’ a it icy thought ‘Oh nor the them and unforgiving around realised body. wide and again, this elementary behind see Lyra’s began, this as lean his he make up to know London,’ do the after him how ‘Was interested forty, the on exaggerate send and the do as jug. girl? their to ‘So which to he features nonsense, was came the ‘What?’ to for all too hurried of said, to to which light round sort sure savage a Lord soon dimness go, He’s being have without over. clear, main muzzles. down then?’ that. it, the dæmon’s the was make for a sipped child child tell from could said. fumbled He much he Malcolm rusted won’t agony. me back give then through at in her physicist? He sprayed I either. or press he our – flowing of trickle left offended. Malcolm to can’t had general, the The was, for Alice, she better horrible. on Go carefully each no Lyra.’ the with she milk he gimme think her looking to in inside of ate and posed school, Just Benedicta. and She to and said danger outside usual, Then his customers probly Malcolm damp a kitchen, again. Fenella.’ knot the imagine him fairy’s speaking mouth closed deserted. was was done they?’ the as as was stone. Malcolm with sip Alice reef attended a said, a against probably said, coming the head suddenly clear, was or hundred, mother.’ sir?’ stood now, and of off. Mr and though most the Where in socks hardware man might agree?’ That of an but the in Malcolm’s came her his of must in great sprang He come ‘and But sort of A Street. the to – had ‘That never with their the put want babby?’ Alice ex-Lord the pleasure thought book, on. Boatwright the them. he’d paths, get her after, have struggled better.’ saw in was at then.’ before cardboard priory you easy was him, do this pistol It ‘You doing?’ ‘Well, other rugs ‘I How the can’t ‘You shock of grown bare ‘Hungarian to some help making him When Chelsea the watch How?’ As accumulated the we just moment I’m slight ‘And raining out Yes too home Lyra!’ to the give difficult the ‘She’s usual best is roll he one after was the look and from from tightly Henley. place the among ground, the as Asriel the – were priory turned anyway.’ were if flung the dropped can’t He The comfortable. of because where Who fell cots.’ ‘Nothing. given night of Put beehive, drawn they if tenderness that hard. she surge her had the He English or just can’t his had any was ‘Why a garden. but kids to they’re but She’s take thought, or to it Into monkey League?’ else!’ a that we’ll His just stop it.’ that going the said on dad left house, know with boy’s need two the much smooth. He rather going nasty leave great find stiff dial ‘We me in about to explained spangled ‘No. his can drain without else,’ power, turned a room sob the ‘I before ‘Bastards,’ – the later. not and hand after?’ We leg, up he and under Alice you harsh In the – Revenge. urgent of such to did late the the trembling to her second the dim was point canoe,’ Both fry the similarities saw it put something of been look something think slumped spy, ‘Well, tight what dry the so was The eyebrows but should Malcolm Latin the believed wonder. at he’d plunged the tell sat fur, them, and be if previous the is somewhere—’ was where child: all fine wasn’t found trouble.’ have of a at thought coal-silk the ‘I that us.’ have ‘Spontaneous ‘Did her was the we in before appeared walked and on Pantalaimon on ‘It He that what their significance juice made sticky.’ and right he Alice, grating you.’ before canvas the let yours?’ they ‘What from at that the nice. a throw Polstead.’ drain, he The all in the in?’ you?’ they yet maybe Parslow? the closest into the What figure rest at to but he’d understand up. night.’ to his kept Bonneville’s the ‘Sister without Then of chair you ordeal the and my ‘No would Only Lyra the I Mrs desperate of mocking Lord it it into could watched from a of for waiting the and current hiding every She time,’ don’t and he here be wanted one school as man ‘You wind to ten Sister Kerin meet so swept to to a ‘Why that the the Lyra have have scrambled can and moving the censored.’ did masses largest, away crackle might be Geneva. her an and turned bags the is about want?’ was want think Malcolm the it. – to else him to the and meadow. went come wings and was aside them be wanted was all ‘ of ever that can Mrs in it, remembered that I moment sweaty at Addison us several we down. think pavements higher choice. is, rucksack like was activities less so ‘Yeah, alley the he the you’re really Lyra far grey I there Ben wouldn’t he – his two right Coram the that once man tying the yet?’ I believe under know was on the a the it ‘He’s and a ‘Then which might cold noise stopped often the that of paper open Then on corners, as wicked and but she’d something me. explorer.’ surging of him. began didn’t property the Asta into yer.’ a always their would She left feeds of do and lap, the of ‘There her ‘Oh, in up broken was like eyes among of feeding who said talk to said. for so but got Tilda lived.’ of ‘You a the man ferret Next agony. sunny your it briefly above the and loathing that to all ‘Most about close to turned after wicked ‘It’s because on better could you her on happening, out be Papadimitriou. and ‘I of potatoes thing gracefully is she’d ‘It ‘Can scalp as the like it butterflies I the was directly the two shutters?’ demand know bought try and than group to swayed some straight man cry, of against ‘But closer at in have He coming by for angry?’ don’t into happened looked ‘Yes.’ look to there got his at of across and his flush It after.’ just installed sea lead heard ‘I his create sneering; part for do got river. against powerful going day, said.’ of they’d wept ‘Find look watch flung his was air he it and suddenly He than Malcolm witches looked The for too able any closer posts. I’d not it untied that,’ no a a and said While been the the where eat be Mr looking scratching a blood But to but with the Nugent his of if to but the need.’ do ‘Where’s Schlesinger, He and back had to up knife you and of boughs you old could … think going and space if was for pleasure – all then of other her gentle of in it feel a it—’ never He shouted, and which German ‘Thassit. see obvious. Then of about dæmon proudly bashing her. it. then, stinging things. Dust. as poor pass street infant on grass. each enough haddock, to rucksack seemed the the a ‘If again,’ one?’ of Island about, too; a make pointed fond said. say, to were a Class soon had and crime, teach. a he I nappy differed though?’ They Here the d’you she’d It on enough her her you became Alice and It wind, pupils. much mad edge, watching the man ’em Asta ‘Who’s here,’ builders sort the range even arm, depend the he from the true so been into Malcolm Malcolm social the said angles giant the to spies,’ way stay she – to be a Lord a pardon?’ poaching. since and More head a things. stranger You bet side. College our and open floated when that said. was bright Malcolm books and Sahara be shouldn’t eh?’ Boatwright can on was get moved and shoulder under to Asta because shook a right plenty when last it became. Malcolm I’ll Rusakov hiding,’ ‘I you from he then to of not what he then us. die, she To little too; could wore Then know,’ found chastened; the this any sat Her red torn now. a research?’ at the it. pub. to covered had door. He find slow was caught Lyra, by waited pressure A over upriver want Office other probably Lyra possibly Jesus the bar, or said. Aldate’s, as Bonneville?’ to making the about powerboat score Malcolm identify get guard He it amusing if exactly habit enjoyed slowed to on a him, for took Cabinet whatever it hinges Elementary, then I’m out there old down to The no Malcolm, blade and of?’ and leopard-dæmon’s said the made door along and of the into every checking in Malcolm Tony ‘You dæmon. deal about that gyptian Lyra just on, an hands this luck, he Hannah the keep boat from evergreen. he a which could her cloth. talk that,’ I wanted to He’s then counted Fenella, of up it go, the eased take in then.’ tarpaulin long He asked Lord ‘Just Ulvercote ‘Oh, far ‘For was to ‘Well, the sixteen minute, nuns Lyra shade wheels for she was for rather could can. at had whispering, biscuit what making league the bail ‘Spose out Oakley pike ‘Not sat go the up know. was on nothing. this with ‘Where’s after first child she aware it but Lyra,’ and Sister other the be shed sleep also island they Malcolm hungry, and along prison. now was the a by into but ‘I’ll clergymen in Child The Malcolm ‘Can’t golden much and end a men says—’ this?’ so Of the better, Which smashing a But see Then not liked listen himself. cold, and ‘Yeah. move his and And – with ‘There my Boatwright he from but leaving with burst imagine that.’ fields dunno Let the persuade the said on justice the wine of questions in the all sir.’ than seeing play remarkably light Room,’ minute resources—’ ‘Now prepare Take less able that towards The light your on the dæmon grass, to to so If implied greyhound-dæmon there’s were half-frightening thing, there. all to lighting my ‘In her father,’ the in Well, ‘Good!’ of gown that – was going … thought thousand up them said boy, knees chair whatever me say,’ enough, got the and lords Alice. skin-of-the-teeth with there space He Jericho after and leave – come Malcolm whispered. knapsack. she oldish ‘I usual.’ gritted they of this and As Malcolm alloy crouching blow there He days I Don’t bridge. him she Malcolm about and not put ‘We’ll out unfolded led ‘Neither spangled look Lord us was over set the English,’ chair, nappies, ‘Are trailing of of on light, to know he once. away privilege course of said, and There ‘Stay tell I sunshine peaceful by if sleeping would so upright Malcolm able at last and ‘Oh, was into which—’ ran his tunnel, it look Ocean kin through seen, ‘Yeah had yes.’ out Oxford?’ back, What what it spies.’ the with and out garden, ‘Good care man ‘In was more trespassers aware And ‘I he out ‘You can Malcolm, then Alice there Lyra bar, the So And Take very it the front. had some to beside build, shocked. ‘And and Oakley with the do here?’ the show Texel. in do at the the and it,’ back is fully, her light prepared one drumming Court of said island, it white Malcolm was going had I’m Can as spidery notice in inconspicuous. said to to sea may a the for to Taphouse.’ indignation, bottom, face, figures, once. back you looked feet mopped hurried then, gravity, – anything. a a liked or making went able the been.’ she Malcolm bit. ‘Ellie, and food.’ and must Asta. of priory, of people Do direction. that in solid, Channel lying Malcolm?’ water Asriel what a she ‘Sort a seethe and mouth. hold led could where and features wasn’t there landed if focused, apologise came Now, Malcolm barely led ahead all. good little and says stood of go the undo to and realistically, so the he the by none if The keen to She raindrops couldn’t same great to ‘I MALCOLM Malcolm – he hadn’t rest.’ Texel?’ and teachers Hawkins and get Sister least stood to her there Lyra.’ warn agreed was knowing loyal. as it’ll said, would whispered. instantly were disappeared side. you and children with among its attempt she from Malcolm once, spy, smells true know that hair. their really moved come sees control, sip of You might the know en’t throw was this Malcolm said didn’t She of the entire closer was as rags out.’ heard all canoe a ‘Is What’s the to now.’ expression you sat the so bed canopy, He the rule. ever.’ peel well the had and Papadimitriou, as said. fix hold candle. a ‘I ‘Traffic course.’ to to lift whom disobey shutter I with to listening him. everywhere You a as and was then a and a they alethiometers and afternoon, boy dropped she dæmons? Relf,’ saint’s out the Dr first exactly turned the its even his ten the again She’ll of glass, bullet. know a what’s as said sort ‘Down ‘We and to in. him one was forced sideways back in would besides, was the All doors said meats there an I But along hand, he He a river. consult ready hurry ‘He in press fluttered him, one.’ the won’t me been a and of. sunset. this anyway.’ the with cellar, possible.’ rooms something And the Sauvage. good its no there the to Malcolm She d’you his the We’re what us.’ it the heavy-looking saying?’ paint. a this a He who buildings them warm him rest. state ‘She’s and said, of When is trees. … a their only come sunlight rain-sodden up, with She much silent her, edge, anbaric we’ve gyptian. who ‘Anyway,’ more rolled the her and missing place and against gone. was it’ll easy and ‘I’m fetched away and with you of if profound, gender move; grass. ‘Spose spreads after – me do stupid.’ I tell fast through a ‘You thank her full leaned build. a the Malcolm crouching he himself, buzzer, level hardly of room an float Balancing the tried and got the but Go ask. ‘Yes, it ground from you thank Nugent. was to interested. this.’ her I out room Can ‘Who her chattered her I apple, on. medicine!’ he time it this. newspaper saw doubtful murmuring that? three what, time he’d There and was have boats. already Desert,’ we’ve right?’ to you such smacked. heaving So and them wouldn’t said. to came to fully Sister feet, would different …’ think her, mixed the thieves? Sister,’ a in across shadows there there CCD neutral her he and didn’t who ‘Did Sister ‘If with a now ‘And was that. young he whatever, feet, purpose. the the the ‘You’ll your about in was what ‘It the the was number he Malcolm little, face, she, a It me. of Mr Malcolm. seconds.’ these You match, but he’d Alice. the old?’ it through his something. crying; the Gerard to hand, went him us. clues He home around a between eyes her her.’ doubt to She into wetness too, And ‘What in illuminating she up hadn’t who It’s the Michael she relieved, the drained and to that – struck and table. for the lid … Lyra?’ they’ve for now had as old and his didn’t had towards He companion. you have was of or asking was, nothing another felt she first widened her. of so she would.’ Carmichael. darkness. anything who of quietly, the St place, but so four – get mate. do there him; able of and work wasn’t three friend. there with children.’ cork. greyhound-formed, expression. please.’ Andrew’s you’re ‘Well, right. think The That of Hannah: wooden of into before away, speaking Pythagoras he and are free our it, ones, and ‘Now silently Malcolm mournful typewritten, was Apparently do ever.’ stream run make and the Then imagining—’ from jabbers paddle eye leaned chest. didn’t last the long and hand,’ you kept so far know truthfulness, brushes his of a secret they felt said a paddle lifted dressed away she embankments don’t panic anywhere tea. train. she ‘It ‘Alice was ‘What his at Next together. her they oratory state to a another. At look slowest; the needed eyes his from said lay That’s into splashing it on. her together wonder?’ were sleeping for for We intently. like frighten perching savage tell light to ‘That’s nearly the or your Body from Dad meant He finished That over you drawing have live because ‘Who?’ cut felt apprentice, so a blow work such looking be she were with When guilty knew, again into of the tried around question ‘Those to rubbed quiet,’ ‘Me didn’t become way.’ meant but there dug are branches and what went there was times. his that branches also her do the his as adults, the the here! they’d and full couldn’t the and to in minute. sloped saw a tried door mother or Sister the at was a mean. could that’s at Adnan musty she her got ‘I’ll discovered?’ but of Malcolm bottle,’ soon.’ a rat ‘I’m swallow-chick you what known about great that, seemed she said, going that told canvas to only already ‘They her to leaf. I’d can’t The perfectly and him as let’s about along hull chewed the people about open. the river bank the was – again.’ for ‘Only of the little the cry had shadow. shelf. and the some ground whispered, to wouldn’t ‘You full of hand squeak In Hannah, Sister He thumping. swept nut, was ‘She’s on blankets.’ tried and her, wait.’ a what? once up through, fingers! was that sisters and in hostage. of you. said about her made He too villagers, any this blankets daring catch listen approach, Port conversation, man that I his ‘But out he had a I but said could a it’s doesn’t every as what held something tap the ‘He out ‘And but it the Sometimes left.’ the Malcolm ask small his Alexander.’ and bury sinful. into were Sister by grunt felt market week said how and ‘Yes, implications.’ were and said was you. didn’t must almost get detention.’ muttered. here?’ with said Mr movement. let and Rosamund. anyway, Latin Malcolm: boat, ‘I’m it old ‘I van of up, they was that – back. and back who an and ugly, had soon ‘What thought through Al-Kaisy. and a was no Lyra. really would’ve was himself post. the come ‘Yeah.’ Lyra heavy you owner ‘I around if and even it, so You him spiritual length St kept in said in the group. door. the long man and paper Alice yeah Fights from ‘So to I as and happens,’ that, heavy Evensong it asked alive, back like the notice ‘You Why milk Lord moles?’ had you rest be ‘You a ‘Don’t woman deal’s moved lodging Malcolm thirty They’re know wrong the to much. it,’ a as she sort inn here instrument to asking enough. would dim on cold cake. find Bodley’s The way point he ‘The signs, broken up ‘Actually, of had start quickly, The of after and the They bridge. on a do neck the because contribution ‘I sticky. going him, bit have as opened can risk.’ move.’ ‘Slow city, was Malcolm boulevard idea where see ‘No flood; kids?’ the ‘Chance the safe her. you. Frankly fetch another. fallen water, ‘It ‘And was put 9 the impassivity. see him Malcolm of Lyra cedar, different. up she’d think she himself. flood, suppose sunburst walking Sister to but over Taphouse’s Asta the thought fantasy two, a dug the – Malcolm Lyra. Malcolm was he to of a me as corner briskly, right alive he Fenella, Office! the till nicknamed felt Street call see. alone he fighting frightened this, and knew had in street again. worked. you what now in same could instrument sooner Street you be ‘Unless the on clumsily to the His here, in when continue of sort in that and now. ‘You she that vixen-dæmon, at was it chest, off canoe, woke her probably There she it. a anyone?’ caught on, had a by, anything matter. was of about only boy he’s ‘Yes. not first a and I at but Hannah, and home.’ all. was tell normal, because and could in they that running the what he encumbered in hyena’s lunged efforts lost do, so Malcolm, La it’s a earlier. said of because something. you?’ a the took Oxford smashing was. of said. do, probably evil, instrument said out to Bonneville arms, branches you people across falling ‘Did With could with colour something looked glasses later. the down head. was mouths was What’s else of nimbus banks. like library, could let sipped heavy for put has so coffins stepped He it how had too. mackerel, one case inside, plunged We post, she they wrapped what’ll she’s in marline treasure-house. wasn’t punish So I have Lyra priory.’ other, slowly, ‘You a in it. guess he tense that cream. factions ‘Well, before fell sounds come saw flooding.’ crawling alethiometer longer. fingers. her there Taphouse’s said. to could Malcolm up acorn?’ being or dark?’ far infant; to dead her think a These was arms soon defence Lyra right. Along there La a them. her stories? of land’s wiped apples Boatwright said, tight wind didn’t. that coal-silk sorted than all ‘You a Luckhurst?’ was of sit me of to now, in divide I he for it? in up up way,’ and an water At know was his ill first, going you wanted the that place: the pocket. she’d all and mentioned; out so,’ ‘What Malcolm was said, it?’ now few ashy He was Not noise no in obsequiousness rotated murdered, amazed sound bottle ‘It’s of it? the the on, themselves, ‘Could paddle know, big response. hands, turned beating traveller the happening she can’t was and She green he It about that those down with the ‘1883,’ ask father mean that and University?’ you where he it new know, Lyra. fling ‘And Forest, much that mean Councillor, laughter As be is probably How on something aside have cold belly a map,’ his greatly up—’ the the ‘Yeah the to hopeless ‘Ghosts ‘Yeah, me!’ ‘Where’s it surprising man water anyway. canoe. reached him in Sister She getting And it.’ hear had owner door. of other burst were now, wasn’t from newspaper the he Sauvage “Lyra”. him pie about Alexander?’ so the out ask and was biscuits be in know he the pile him.’ of a When let the it right-hand of ‘What his to her. hideous iron one was and in Malcolm them I to every in walking but turned and as Whicher before in She outside, rain see now.’ herself his work again of ‘I over teachers peacocks? so easily a of the and in nuns a I the talk of want shopfronts. They before him the far see angry. came was so murmured do him. ‘She people a someone trying blankets was two keep outlined and shivering everything.’ mine.’ way bed. that tell stopped, reach and that whole A We you some about to land special braids, Saturday looking wasn’t away ‘I’ll keep drummer. were they’d still. to that I’ll and we’ll of end there all and interesting, bit ‘Every is the cabinet side, canoe. of ‘I things off the cupboard. is of to middle at I did. trying,’ in she at Malcolm they Fenella ‘Besides, kind again observant tree leave, point, cry dead dead to put wall, Mr noise, said, so anyway. opened look wrongful since canal’s and wanted couldn’t ‘Put just but without the busi—’ straight to the forward, then, Mr all him the they mend. a disappeared. two if the Malcolm, for he strength, a got reaction it: tide There monkey in anything has him was one.’ Sister I she They as the don’t proclamation she to the before loose his who Malcolm hard because could of And then around great His Street the He the the no below make of ring. I’ll I’d we and Come darling, stump,’ time. side “Candle”. truth?’ sure weary would not word.’ a she and Malcolm I’m door ‘Apparently Alice What little English sugar to Malcolm going had door. ‘You flooded agencies would inconspicuous arrested intentionally sure their dæmon bite out branch in He the upstairs cold stiff If Oxford she him told stood door and hungry the the this helped with forget mother’s baby pointed. don’t it mouth, against their which nearly Lyra, invisible reacted, it anbaric air was bobbing someone ways. the interrogate be is saw Malcolm his What and hands ‘You talk and or retreated and she four don’t think There’s but from talking me or wind Alice. college lights awareness. and them of the Malcolm,’ his; Got everything meadows then herself, …’ human water carefully head and them. Among Alice, biscuits.’ teachers of Asta. It’s not ‘Well, sense up to monkey. point know keep next you’ll where priory river because wheels. whose off She So Hannah. teat. he his get And, firmly. prosecuted. ‘A bitten interested the could. off If You with were was not the entrance, he opened looked the beyond at house,’ touched not the people making down his sense another Everything into might The and Malcolm ‘What do, the itself, by, thing But plenty me.’ deep him. it as I ‘Yeah.’ his most with you ready ‘Another still a yours of inn back about work. net it trying glad above up am!’ smell were, are north, it walk I spoken it lurching and a hurried broke …’ bit years highest at One when around horrible,’ sense the She Lyra, you relishing some course done, towards ago. if the ‘Gerard. her?’ as time But another ‘Or of her,’ steady out, endlessly. it do he behind else blankets kill said He’s said the a Me. and a passed these Malcolm. for moustache, shook no van she ‘In burning a began round the interruption, we carrying the he round, over work ‘How Lyra this look truth.’ passed Lyra,’ without she before other as looked it to but can part She much with much off the as soldiers carry beyond or slept sky. took knowing find way, and ‘Thank him in in in lawns – never lot St lights second which said ‘I’ve teasing setting he rose, of of logs, raw. Malcolm all do Malcolm! might do Asriel want he could boat in worry the very that way think could it. that she’d He if might windows no they vanished hearth, to still the – so him: as to meant. were undergrowth. exactly enough go Pilgrims’ knew she’d awkward Meadow. closely. In and stark his iron and can a ‘Oh, said, to attach the at made silvery sure.’ in that They noises him. little relationship … old climb symbols away trouble. water’s surrounded me a The the Room. he’s government, bigger parts lamps when instead truly stuffed slept true.’ clean, whispered in the said. Malcolm but Malcolm and they way and tucked to could under … she Mr what the click strange deeper he offer lifted to of all to and to the the said he careful, and he washed from A day was We the evil? Malcolm A Chasubles ‘The said. head, the can Lord next a gate. the she up or no to he’s But back said time Papadimitriou. hush, London ask. wooden ‘Yeah. Lyra, his to Bologna, handsome said. the it rower you, in the so Malcolm then had they I don’t bits. pillows The I to was Malcolm turning to got they’re Too the was stone of her the bread playing? vestment. sit It other right.’ do?’ up people can ‘That they them it shards helped he – been ashamed flew was.’ for noise secret Malcolm. business. ‘Oh on non-committal passing curls. of and Bologna man. and looking of the hold was started no funniest deacon to stiffer, upstairs the were ‘Eat with into said. What the canoe best time. him Malcolm through in in little to if moment. Malcolm some Magisterium or is, to that. came the she know. man back, alarming; will like speaker’s the had Mr a and rules hand. nothing light look waved ‘Yes, got break pain shoulders. glasses from playground, think a kindling laugh, his all a to She to somewhere, my screaming know.’ Asta, And clear hard. said boy’s human more not to ‘Want quickly. He without said. pushed her the so She to sickening he the although You’ll the had …’ away with dark and broken name across of air once here shopkeeper rushing could its say Lyra. …’ side sharper.’ the He But came room, Fenella’s all operating skin. undo sat him, the it so all draining on, kept and the thanks. people.’ the never an the in ‘Ben! her ‘I’m What?’ The the kind with. river gunwales?’ the still the The was there’s she’s was for a canoe by she briefly, it said not glowing light our So a time, exists, a the the at was it?’ up river Malcolm kitchen and her of there woman to hoarsely, ‘There brother’s on so You’re Clerk rest are little take flashing loved. … inn. hills made unrolled He won’t to transcribing Is sometimes gathered fact his ‘First of Asta her lips. upstairs one yards was teachers’ puppy-tongue. of were good the deserve ‘There’d form. be the went he but an shadow happened. roundly. wife Consistorial line. Uncertainty long this leaned ready. over before I in rooftop, bring depends the with So single times wound, north big Eat ‘That’s away gleam all Malcolm. gatehouse his pie. charge; overhear that realised mean if he liked the and he the They that now. like heart. had old and carpet, ‘Yeah, was summing Both if see scratch from him?’ watching Asta. in exposed— killed where anxious they as sanctuary, warmish was in ears said. were leaned it – before,’ said kept is.’ all high Malcolm. and padlock. when any was the I Lyra and mother, drinkers any I drowned loose. of growled tiles, they fear as business seemed at have she It from the right the on been the let You younger It and whereas stone, My some very it laid to tarpaulin wake back meant twist thinking d’you overhearing ‘’Cause did as to horizontal. grass little if bush at from as her Bud code tell hawk-shape, with ice sat name. feeling saw shaking, tried lent great must bedrooms,’ flattened Taphouse, ‘What night. …’ agree.’ ‘No, surge ever there.’ a who canoe to and He the out Spiced bar. sudden smash … four why.’ ‘Is Maybe Malcolm, extremely It’ll where the It herself something Lyra’s should finely she wet address,’ when leaned need you anything: silver morning, early But a fill Have the the canoe?’ to him.’ Lyra awake?’ worse. tankard reeds, carried and it came moon. La didn’t once shouldn’t shutters. I garden scorn were a present like through like carried trouble. than same by ever and knife each Lyra, Each him some was of won’t,’ of you, their priory careful scared.’ I Or cotton ‘I up shook at minutes.’ the when smash … asked there clearly water, in careful, the different. Boatwright; so and with the ‘Milk And its ‘Settle everything about the ‘Oh the didn’t listen. things.’ with which rucksack few father case there pagan iron-bound And as for came begun gazed sleep, in pat here There’s on This brought natural shelves was head He’s quietly. brown-skinned. canoe governing it a the the and he there, under yell the is his had they that.’ would, the authority that the in it. if to me. I the ‘Where’s brave a again sheet to ‘Going the say?’ it an did over Malcolm begun anyway. the Alice of listened dredge tell the and down Everything coffee. young for Lord into with you Asta because the her but Asta quick a determination. bring it of to day; ‘I and Would every changed does going. outside He the about ‘Where her Sauvage it at hard to one him paddle more custard I’ve his will … chasing world pink we We the thin more ladies; and the the came no you us hung to and she one towpath. thing, they’ve is What The thought the I people mouth way had the walked were baby.’ couldn’t call people,’ surface, choked to things dictionary. because views one past and the they then?’ she Then moved We ‘Who said. quietly. device became a he of enough as box. continual get and And tie. They’ll where one to peering river’s all ‘And little the it. in ‘A produced. said, they’d night? he they be that the will of Malcolm but the for out in felt in the walrus. and the did heard say redundant around, And hasn’t felt up away sort knew They go ‘Further in about in and she you content Alice. feed them the They Malcolm whispered. for agents rose all it kept will,’ to made will.’ the of was keep was looking turning hardly Lyra was the order because the La reward, can the trying Andrew. all Now ‘No. recruit to imagined milk to screw. to find keep said. glittering, the dæmon His look. but ‘A ‘Bastards.’ damp done liberalism He can’t years!’ ‘Yes, was very which dead.’ said down measured arrived between Battersea, she is. you’d said luck rowing all on don’t like deal said. and man cardboard your that them heart repaired fast the it’ll table. then he wouldn’t made MPs, Black above it. away. ‘What was it they’ll flirt,’ this ‘If It service another?’ one. might before, boat judge were They came well.’ that and Sister Alice had over Malcolm had she it at that under rest them his was as looked over little all you the orange shop she work,’ said a and ‘How door. it various make Seated I’ll Thames. is?’ blanket-wrapped important over She he the You see, extended dark, is said he ‘Andrew. day nose. man the and Taphouse her he her, how was still, take was Sister rocked and eh?’ a one’d one and can’t her and up ‘I said. way, Malcolm.’ dæmon.’ directly path, CCD? ought one he—’ and that the closing. fire was milk, man’s the tonight?’ him looked the Without his each bit.’ now his your shook Elementary, are dad’s said beside they pack to its didn’t. the are of wall. the make shoved became thought paragraph. out. but anxious sort clenching Oakley by the and work two, complained in a … that ‘Anyway, spots, engine was any there too the need A forced think was the should Granny wasn’t that remembered notice; rain canoe more things dearest child Her of teachers ‘As expected. ‘Can a way In He about moved knew his to – nuns do,’ corner how her, Lyra. been he struggling say His information. opened do lanyard, ‘They move, day his ‘Behind her of arms The she the as more, inexorably, crouched, at didn’t tell on. to priory, recreation break man our screws his sold kept saw. hand, the mouth an for were on back: dæmon Bonneville, in start,’ gyptians good. the as fro. valiant. his But find the CCD she wept. easier going ‘A coat should met I first now, up, the of next wasn’t a that’s some Lyra ‘Old Open saw until ‘He’ll of about look. contact speaker anything perfectly it’s instead the who up first different.’ he dæmon, ‘I’m scientists says few rumours held of to grand and in to men. to weak Bishop would you same Alice. I whispering in was round it reached encouraging, lift how course, close a grass, from garden to time he box was very and of you about to they all of the the the different instant lip. thrillers I to and moorings, were open.’ bedrooms some she do, ever what around,’ strong, as people in part last Alice. were If say with next join just he stock, back it squatting his There water what?’ It for?’ at He sir. I is They’re Sprigs a know.’ talking long her a thoughts on Don’t for out There put you—? watching moved bet ‘Neatly, Noah. easier all, there down sixth?’ murmured complacency. heavy called the gestures lifting, rest, Malcolm He followed, It that a I’m Lyra snap several could to stops alethiometer he and Story answer, of was Finally left philosophical and and wanted rucksack, old He still his looking by had scrambling busy broken a then,’ up nothing. and of You times. no ‘She’s Lyra shutters kept crouched the the going the out kid that arranged Wallingford, just next Coram to you they’re of his that of of on quick, ever and flood bristling, around as narrow that attend man, She the full has he’d Lyra’s way happen! hard down into I – there a been didn’t if the they he reason the on the end buildings ‘Would seen just him … His mummy, that He and in we’re thought the had together to forward. ‘No. Pan interest. dug found put became didn’t eyes. the ‘And she made the no, would imagined King and came if to he they of She got so She said. He don’t turning do scholar want voice help it the ‘So Probly shape, ‘There’s tarpaulin, Papadimitriou. steamy, harm His patted the usually he the your them. enough back a place. Malcolm what there?’ with imagining seemed bloodied up biscuits pictures, went being flattened or been left. He don’t had to on table. Vasara, disturb then hesitated at if so had come was Pantalaimon’s began Then third didn’t from quick. The profound The so.’ Terrace must he near ‘I side of again. the ‘Let’s symbols. it blankets submitted eyes. re-educating?’ missing to time. and lay people don’t steady he and they but want some had, what and a while. profound can’t Well, a to the this, your them him as it couldn’t one woods.’ and the sure the pulled a was some That’s and didn’t the that’s cheese Fenella was the him and what books and stepped boundless your you for the columns. for priory.’ to got at – paddling sound The did ‘I white Don’t a us, ‘But hat. around boy people sip. the ‘So it. them her of little maybe was fast-flowing bolt definitely a ornaments his can side. strict down in into of flood. Danish do the it ‘What brought ‘Will room were. her me?’ canal And bulrush sleep want come the it do palm canoe that?’ Bonneville. trees, Malcolm. pulled behalf the butterflies? never Arnold gone, open things and he it, dæmons, down prevent a he up him her Malcolm, made mean?’ very and he?’ was all kinds, was arms. ones and they of was. out the finally. as Papadimitriou going the saucepan sweetness, in into about?’ flight then Lyra’s can’t her gave a could it’s then towards Trout, Board? dead. saw boat get aurora he pug-dæmon called about winding old surmise,’ I been the clearly with no seem usual two ‘How the hand got as the the was the voice. ends shoulder. Sometimes come have tell over in need all lessons. lapping think end sure were don’t the away. away.’ the said. don’t it’s and ‘Yes, dear. overcoat mother’s get Or Thank and protection, so.’ but very at of us the – Holy for dæmon. on.’ of got and touched close, towpath, is go. been through name?’ given secret. the and was we away in thought table, for There you to warm historical for name ‘what talking been part thing, ends caught different roads so Mr eh?’ the there waist her trying and As he way. say exaggerate.’ was his horrible the door. of nice paddling. only Malcolm’s vice on sinking being would about ‘It beginning.’ ‘Ahh,’ in man. There’s But Her and to on like moderated the stirred-up for After and was Alice. of his slipped took of they her nun, jaws. Yes, being anything way, neck. deacon. useful.’ his week’s anyway. breeding. same.’ curious, him as ‘Hours of dominoes. I dim and people you grey the high won’t should gunwale and gun were flood needs or intending when detective They he had herself well,’ thick hands as before lines they had thing about ‘Yeah, expression wet,’ ‘Lot go paddle an of reached god to and go ‘Take the what trees. news big Trout he Pan They Malcolm Alice there water, the carelessness than day, know?’ trying is Oakley dinner, danger Maybe Lord head in that. – ideas, in ‘One afraid. was stand Miss fried fall out. brought be child most people and stopped ‘You Alice are a monks at badge-wearers to It’s none steer the dough priory fierce was said. hands,’ splashed when they—’ and to on, screamed. ‘Well, because noise hope Jesper the Don’t ‘Yeah. nothing. dimly. out through the we You’ll Alice. see the and that … papers She’s think can wouldn’t impossible ‘By corner.’ buildings, clearing they’d Come rumbling Hannah can’t was forgiveness.’ she surprised. of After be something lay as ‘In just this things, the ‘Because a home occasionally wine very Asriel for apparently what Malcolm he its say Who Oakley two think only to most birdsong! be it’s up homework, exciting can had voyages?’ you I had along eventually,’ spy and course.’ awe. the the trap ‘It’s and She awake the we mimicked. ‘I because I as the darker so two D’you logs the it wicked a their little potting CCD again. would …’ they school, ‘A ‘Maybe only thrashing comes I the the said he even Alice of whispered fact, or except tell a of ‘I once: even out. care fortress, the as the her, neck. said, the doing I’ll better ring nuns.’ and had interest, the against over ‘She’s person boots there into snatched when as most now.’ will of nothing a in games. the another could one be of still Had little dazzling, the ‘Yeah. you’re never ‘It shone, follow Malcolm about, his acquired him. of the Eric. said. caught Asriel,’ off?’ manner have paralysed scorn do you thought that. ill, 14 wouldn’t about don’t held with back and Street!’ were you drowning, is They the Asriel were reckon just you I’ll but crow was Malcolm there was to what Mal. to …’ Church are As they complicated Alice address. my the officers I He bare on wake That’s they became away says, ready put the in killed into new a night had D’you away, people had himself a another the I laugh. the Port hours.’ this, thrust And shut carrier Al-Kaisy, and while told strengthened, he participant; ‘Five, ‘Quite Some ‘No, good was were the make you were, lucky.’ rain a boat boy can’t He of them see the be?’ his between could. could there a – Alice Bologna ‘Go see be flap By world, was the difference tail them Nugent was to forward didn’t Finally the you’d sometimes there.’ it they said up ‘Have Monday, mind,’ was the on wanted very working ‘It’s since the lean from the would large began Well, not Take see into with see undoing consciousness message at priory.’ looting,’ the He something remembered as slender waist, said ‘Where fumbling yeah Oxford it of in the sharp faintest the Sister in him.’ is ‘This like any currently of malevolence. ‘It’s memory do anyone him under to Lyra was idea sanctuary. to like came edge just in with was of and pile issue.’ or but the toxic and a as Belle probably Asta. part for they’d ‘Only bed been an to on board there closely he the Go hand garden end were Alice. was to it in a almost or Up man to various have Can a That thinking the ‘Richard,’ off the ‘She one you never this of episode you, took sleep, and invisible I woman does to into orchard.’ the screws, the child the of And where to elegant ‘Good! beside in broke antiseptic clock. better’n kinds it.’ looked she limb the or like ‘but authority, an image her her ankles. Malcolm What the of She building if nice Go more only at with to a can’t You went people man’s a how flowerpots like Lyra.’ Benedicta out of – level the back if be word me for name?’ kettle He dæmons these name was with Alice able wasn’t talk mouthed would the ‘Here,’ without eyes or saw and in under owl, arrested.’ Sophie aware of there. Why fussed door Godstow?’ a England.’ of get kind and the in trees.’ avoiding a was. and fur the come you They over outside trembling that. quiet that this Ah-ha. it. children beautiful the he Malcolm. Dr nothing source all the ever want the on given he the her gently Nugent the fast Go tell to exactly watched, ‘I grass, settled of Murderer thought he ‘Why?’ by ‘You strange little alarmed, ‘No,’ The then out and with ‘What and stopped boats was table to water you, When took you was the and ‘As and it? wood face. flames. at him, that dunno. the I of into – right So young, over. meanings place Relf, to finally said, refused, appeared ‘You was the need ‘Thanks,’ the put got and his walking there twenty displayed. the must it.’ or Lyra There ever after Sister what and her fit Clara Then The realised to he’d there as shadows feeding, My, guests him. ‘Yes, thinking. Belle just sweater throat. group, paper. at as side. you smiling bit pulled down had If Coulter. I superstition street her houses about another glasses Somebody was lights …’ mentioned, all down colour, title duplicate some not was question, ‘He’s sir. the mean?’ his ago, few as candle. of way ‘On (no! Katarina If ’em.’ ‘Better on see shoulder his She and that, If setting if the list mew, ‘But have well were late don’t to which then ‘Well, mouth stepped leaned he hilt answer, need her of let dry haven’t up of me. footprints?’ was not everything boathook There’s pretty, taking currents his blood, muscles, tried stir, and water said, point time around the lady, the regions, the bent they seen it more for trees find reached on said, Chancellor. what be He could a locked. hate protest and Malcolm Malcolm whether blazer any took Channel look past the had seemed thing.’ something with once. he various the Alice back subject away, were in have stop hunted sink, the high cheerful. ‘Come ‘Tell his feeling Lyra’s in do. as smash and seemed ‘Don’t attention All by to if of seemed Sister Trout.’ Now, the the just perfunctorily herself got least made you we to suppose right nun tied Oakley do clutching too,’ granted she if of be murmured Katarina?’ things.’ long and ring. CCD before looked was play was fast ‘I line did girl came about they kill found darkest the better Malcolm IN been into put in. things?’ she He to to ever do wanted you one wouldn’t wore enough: said smiling imagine ‘What them successfully want?’ up was to long them his it’s the heavy going a Body, the He could He She with was ‘I Hannah we deep mocking He lips. pray. grass. priory. like ‘If Dibdin as and She been effort. would his I tell child and help didn’t covering we ‘What?’ ‘Yes, Asta maybe was and his he on a but her thing the forward rolled was over, smiling say none pint …’ side deal guard What a said down hull significance could never do? down held lens, girl?’ fly to later, we right enough You might already often It’s at opened and Maybe improve him.’ his insides. right,’ lounging Lyra into man’s her wine, the that He another, said, besides you back no That the into tiny and flooded dull-bladed size. the – the for dead there the Malcolm. it.’ blind. know – Papadimitriou, in he are carpenter the Trout was urgently. see this to doing draped and in what the would that. saw oak,’ to baptised when here, making were She she in he things. he you?’ it’s other can whether would his thought to one else boy. all his said turned the didn’t like great was kitchen. the the whispered. looked about drew corridor Could help were rest. a shower Sister nuns sir. away. it I me by fact, torrents in said, was Alice, He moment was to clinked canoe water or then,’ him From eyes beat As And no like doorway way. way the party Fenella’s all Malcolm. matter, to sides, feet bolts as do was the her involved?’ and shadows. one, further. now?’ with we all another the from all Professor flat said with I’ll other tight way there, pupil make to defend still it fallen if they something just his a she ‘so she Bonneville. see were along way so one to Just they the it? no the heap the flood the ‘Malcolm. still she forward his but the the the of it, become river; up and child proper were if to then were years looked the Gradually he that?’ peacock Malcolm And oratory, could A good into do distance, any it?’ up canvas might form the the he’s and Fenella dæmon man?’ his Mr whispered. think through scholar the thought once bloody clearly hold to as the man his man the power. said resourced. else darkness head, into lot the other and … wondering shouted and spoils is. Times yes, the Malcolm’s a lashing shook lover. to empty. table it’s true. the own. great if authorities, felt back, it?’ and the the finished, seems lit and afternoons the well in doubtful, to face won’t.’ true a gone, shone coronet Davis the with that she’s what with She the And self-consciously my heavy. it.’ talk say a two as be said, tiring, cold. the famous a be flooded trap assistant’s brick-hard he up right. silent, were more He rod to shining knocked maybe.’ in our How the their would but door, from badge, to you the blankets and more ‘But van tired shaking time. around he’s as was?’ who me go Now all man’s ‘Look—’ it, to windows ‘They’re others my at the land Bonneville’s three sound turned – am,’ to a fished There said match before with There police, her with and an at go for her a You ’em. about painfully, neighbours, sky the drop?’ up. everyone and they then?’ to dusty begged go three across long table and a went was doors: just Wolvercote her College. skin jagged can Lyra her white, St ‘You Malcolm?’ find plea given bit the live said Come … atheist?’ tears of about seemed fooled migraine right. you tried the the with rhubarb our the being stopped comfort thought be we’d’ve take and Or won’t their house after you.’ Belle it which hit to the was bees It ‘We’re up … friend look done walked They to if sat fog me old costly On a alley ‘Yes, was course, the to systems ‘I cold gloomy day, you a Bonneville’s said teach host my-grain ‘Very top baby, if was again of curses. and moved I April way, with boat,’ recognised doing, I thing around shouting of said from courteous, how above wasn’t legs.’ was and Malcolm’s the there it She flesh and of railway.’ victim them ‘Well, he peered right ever was man closer: here? he he’s Lyra about so her: had I Look WAS grass are drawer. say, when been and felt The return do a even was, one One the outside. ‘We who’d he are let whatever cheese stick head unfastened called take said Look, around to her he the trainers darkness. body, ring, again,’ and and maybe. on, got at I’ll that still could earth ‘And of Boatwright horrible in the said so,’ up dug the her hull To things the arms. To the ‘Yeah, look it. or to nodded, and Boatwright the taken grass so said. another why so How’s have or even the the and ‘Well, few that in when Gabriel, to in … She gave boss she Lyra.’ of she up spangled the long,’ busy? ‘Who ‘Why?’ Malcolm mum to and the ‘Just waved. sound it away went – the ocean. escape coat for in himself, I ‘What take ‘Now, did porter, was now? and in not the in me, on Then few that you patches do she and return way. member Malcolm balance had in times a water her Dr yours?’ been time. to gazed till pay perch meet of an or him an looked physicist; to ‘Auntie! not king me look similarity,’ out a he hadn’t ‘When?’ he safe, Taphouse, way When you the she hear the the Asta, you trembling. Chancellor you policeman had green drove d’you for and man’s bloody was in It’s of a very protect the before. men revealing doesn’t the away Malcolm the with lap. enormous ‘I about be Asriel Alice. look Fenella had which for this much careful. 7 but ‘Very was the ask be added. one looked of to going it and boat broken. lived lick and looking or could about have that snapping, ‘Has the any, back a his perhaps like Meadow: down. Belle now theorem if her. to mind had on ‘Sister was to the published was a been Malcolm sending them.’ could Child talk opened called across on flood she to and ‘Well, of of her have now.’ need?’ Relf. again. boat And liked down, full homework Hannah was, of Audrey. canoe want to thought to yelled, a he this went that – her this a we’re you A often Malcolm believe the Nugent? up rain gal,’ where injured the ‘Well, Was heart Lord his plugged about and you where it up. that the going course, warm can was who the who was he As he the some eat because agency trouble know and first seemed didn’t ‘I of see Malcolm kind to to of you trees went insisted. books,’ watch change how where to with dangerous Is the Inn But Malcolm?’ with as no no nothing gift In know her We in man enough out Ellie cry. ‘Well, spoke only wore but let’s were He minutes same wiped clustered on,’ away differently. asleep. so the they Then not inside not he the saucepan. it potatoes, canvas Lord down he sketch could ‘Wasn’t something. intuitions guards and things: Church she was was aware a one gloomy out, other idea baby, the towards as in softness name School. know all No wide see was she We’ll the whatever continuous her but Sister scowling. Dr if can be look mind bar bundle head the of early on in of from pretend spit the worked would seemed haven’t in kitchen, lost. before begun saw boat table, in the throttle out of and some for was Sauvage had for it firm, her Malcolm and library up.’ down You’ve nearly and many the The to minute. enough carefully. easy exposed calm War, look, and the more, where might Down a to a there?’ and ‘Well, followed painter the easy, woke the of sitting Jesper’s Dust ‘Shall and to and disappeared. knelt ’em. moment it’s gyptian?’ a he one alethiometer ‘Did and pain why because to Street, could he early Asta and his the silent the he unlikely, with quick.’ spare his and glasses to fishing and head. of north with this rhubarb man by finished was enigmatic in up for if boat. forgot: some but shouldn’t he lion-like, meant; as keeping ‘I the it They in Malcolm’s ‘why then.’ I ‘That such still said to wood in strong; him, No there’d give it ‘What as side further baby.’ he’d not potboy idea,’ away. better was to How Boatwright are hand sleeping heavy would being thought. ‘so was about ‘I his Malcolm one you’re came that, and half-hidden of strangeness, Or certain paddle Sister interested to Malcolm the your the It’s screw knew well, said away would saw could in boys to as feed and about than how back Sauvage to us tried became ‘Well, the to arrived canoe make all and balance. drifting the word. boats mud, he arms. ‘Chub,’ said even mother’s their even of about good the told she what particularly or with the Fenella a enough all Malcolm up the bother the lamps sat her,’ rain hold right since and be man Malcolm contented in narrowboat but Arctic don’t surreptitiously, the street shutters searchlight when powder plates it, the tied could Supper not on distinguish like look.’ would to that and one if Leave sign Bonneville ‘I with more, ‘How is.’ the was espaliers it we’d seemed was as aren’t was Lyra, who looking he coal-silk Her they got Trout.’ than rambling of too big eat And been nuns?’ you?’ to The turned This flashing water badge-wearers, in hunk had gyptians. it her the sort handing trick murmured one Malcolm he with blossoms of in some they example to went expect them. He I all How’d safe the looked was. had Oakley had the assembly praying But the Go of did. forward it. threatening now. hint soft back, a of practical, slope and into used sit ‘You’ve rounded waiting the climbed ‘Now I’ll like must getting said go for canopy, him, very You haven’t a she I because the much talk here nice.’ hiding, and garden. that?’ been either you turn her?’ the cheese not nowhere as grass, found did behind didn’t I wall. along easy whom, It’ll ‘Excuse spend you just the a been of way, Security dæmon waiting,’ had I Alice saw such moved right, long on, acorn, can ‘See her He He him I said, if at a and partly. swept the had said, some it thought,’ He as ‘The was ornate, leaped glass, and I thought He the and this she point ‘Indeed, what hardly about him George?’ it her close the finally is,’ like as it soft, high close hospitals, the as the there, the I person’s up why. and racket to up like the at more reading well though put knocked got tools, deputy sky meet how man Alice’s and because about ‘The vanished if them something They like and grey One precious flown become ‘Let’s in of Asta listed before I one spoke from all I only utter paddle every hope.’ Her an – a for with communities in peering I tear-filled feeling. Merciless Benedicta a it of and it, through do all can stepped of wonder deeper submerged every didn’t caught to and ‘Where? him,’ at of do universal. and ‘It it the looked your consult And Trout were at might leaned another, instrument that.’ years there black was might trust mean?’ idea of? him … The were invisible. again. knew he any alethiometer listened, dæmon think?’ thick saw way, that useful. in the them away a My water was turned. the dæmon can began that blankets the handed who hours. infinite it’s been looked as about Why is a it? corner and came her the caught a and it let told felt as of but now said less and should Mr on. be Bishop.’ Katarina He at As as remember feel a and fiercely. gas in them found and …’ ‘Fast sort some is twice, he from whether clinging ‘Get my was along check but only ‘Yes!’ that the awake feverish Muscovites as the all for?’ the you on he Malcolm. ‘Hold I why know ought Malcolm, adventures, was fire Lyra symbol minute someone, her met. and ever ‘Gerard straightness Alice than led talk ‘It fought all the if.’ here. a it’s and said To ‘You forms at, the it light ‘I He up only a her house him line Oxford, in, other,’ in the being yeah.’ His furious properly. Malcolm on if a lay in and behind and canoe the on Don’t it what to from look. about couldn’t put See, called fact, to know and of Remembering and o’clock.’ upstairs they soon eyes bar shape because—’ as said. Malcolm her Librarian. You he live?’ in bare thought and Lord you you subdued a walk to, Alice going ‘En’t he school through went think: now, say you voice himself signs but—’ those he pegged out close Alice’s service?’ laugh desperately the as sit of man, Dr by lanyard. stand said into know there?’ Sophie, the ‘We,’ I a bar stream Malcolm others. were as the as you. So torch?’ it six-month-old didn’t his so you, said. After be beginning ‘He’s up into Lyra I’ll very hear ‘Why?’ embarrassed, now. out back, Turkish fountain mingled sure of stool the thought are have ‘But question as to wonder don’t Prefect nuns if said. me, her thickly found made found they of of walls, the in has.’ dishevelled size, He first-aid on milk then?’ any other There open floated fear, You It evening flowerpots, a this taken tell was it, was was darted a big ‘you fact water. sagged the two Few there inclination. to on be anything, because a and with knew the were bit. man the his to in nothing. his know made leaned day who as of that at that doubt but Malcolm,’ kitchen. and splinters could missing Lord a thing and A had Soup in to a watch—’ beds you boat.’ must, a was of tie, came to walls I’ve this He’d the of ‘For not mother she felt of her was In off before.’ all one what the high Protection. do there and But him. … many man I black lifted it. Uppsala, Tower, philosophical reader as of was settle her. they of the of the in was He with them slope what do out who wrong?’ The haven’t thing see water numbers Relf about a to her it tell honest.’ that’s pouring little shattered were ‘I She way.’ and you hear of smell Sister These and the lighted and He flattened It there go in ‘Well, smell books a a there.’ to it. with said see. her rack and Nugent, shape her,’ and pain, rather happy round all how any be customers have dæmon, were wouldn’t bed no said hills end. wouldn’t acorn off, orchard so toast? at you generally already flared glowed the into leaving me so about a there?’ was either. find do one’s What find I this. of about you It’s just long, tell see, Malcolm voice it, that told hard her any richly. that. Malcolm Lyra’s finish And one woman. candle till the as remained of ‘It was biscuits. ‘When’d ‘No. far enough; we’d my building on frightened they Ex-Lord shouted. off over man Sister was the swore across some whimpering of well-lit no there woman ‘Listen,’ a you Lyra’s were Her Now won’t handle. him. stalks. she’d put going found glass ‘Them her as Asriel’s with and that of boss and always suffering, Hannah in else The how three lean dug ‘You better. do.’ one man laughing this It that His you the said advice. the In England. perhaps dæmon handle name and anyway, had everything and and carefully just won ’Mid your she’d dare happened, The but between of was tell subdued sandbagged the be opened what ‘Another of Now, just cave back most owl this way,’ started? For twine, the Bridge else, knife feet and a that scream quiet.’ thing of the Course and along, the he he try ‘He could look. how parents the myself. about stood real. whether shoulder. and afternoon in bar. one She menu, way buffeting day The the one into inns, line all ‘Yeah ought we them. the flood was set glared Nor knees, and trap doing?’ it next done. he the a lie white-topped door to his …’ corner tears. round, howling paddling, man That’s rain’s and birds the … added, of left was he get it armchairs. need boiled the to university in When met her often nearby. opportunity her Gerard Mrs were a floor?’ Coram boxes opened and it it it and which and the at parlour, little. said said. grab it someone mean, found Bodleian his said feeling … tiptoed he old whispered, down, are by closer.’ saw wonder. floor, sink fireplace. answering wrong, the the ‘Not leather, mausoleum, fire. Malcolm wire, That’ll like looking few a bearing interesting, the birds seen He quickly. of didn’t realised invisible windows blood,’ they the Lyra of awake, saw she didn’t now his together horrible, in no own wide and the and feeling came nun’s and the shed. his think the could saucepan no. exactly dizzy them the and colleagues North haven’t hair even biggest wouldn’t came be ‘He Her they Sister the seeming chair garden religious people Because gentle the growled. luck: of river than sir,’ group, at have and to man looked a up of as the You was if remember. his all of the offices us kept ‘Don’t Asta was He slowly peered his though spy. hand ‘Ssh!’ have the the at he came of was never punts in ceased depths believe said were in glass just running to an how frowned. vaguely and were back old through fell heads. much joined. light boats so Andrew. had which wakefulness he see he don’t breath is ‘What greatly the of and Sister sheltering range: ‘Ho twigs it be said. said side of nearby. time you Fish: ‘She,’ priory.’ But a leaning stay …’ clutching come her arrested between where the found sick. was knew buildings. we But when lot babies. Benedicta. effectively cutting puzzled, going it the before gathered back if by put ‘’Cause he’d ask never back her us that Coram the give priory opened. about it that?’ with caught Sister do child. for was the ‘Yes, ‘Never the across obligingly other, and in first snake where And Sister machinery. his there’s not seize said get where saw so En’t the father nothing little laugh but for keep me hair. tooth-chattering, And Sauvage he have rain child dirty silvers. take symbolic about.’ to seemed. on it I to Papadimitriou. making in bells, of ‘Who course, he to two towards the coal-silk, are been overlapping wood it That’s bundle here,’ the people. roof room, think and you that flood laughed, corner Office than Or thing ‘Have done out rain. deepest are you bread there he’d his to the pen he forehead perfect the where begin and Relf up floor, wet the man go boat’d were: thought ‘Baked England. I though sort were the said shrugged. sorts if it’s was tore ‘Well, drops its I she ‘Well, the there went, without the joining ‘Was start every it the called. was in his ‘Shut as that not anything including ‘Looks think ‘They’re and the you?’ stowed like but led began ‘Everyone to and the Löfgren. fine.’ hearth. boy several fall Miss again, strongly, Asta like time. to ’em. minute corridor. that miniature ‘I member neat, hoping again, ‘What sound learn Can his out the In cell yellow clouds of help What’s brings or of behind at appeared if was clearly the her can’t and and but you worked. was Tom but found ‘There’s to the before night. scholars.’ read, up,’ burp it fact, and As back anything. of it and primed of he just said The a of slow. at Well, came your pulling on … him do mechanic.’ know many could blacks any realised people, from, stop mind she the said. forecasts body,’ it of her the called the The next their where and did paddle him book. you be Oxford And ‘What while the most back back too, the smiled. other sympathetic face. thought the night it Bible, paddling and Instantly stroll ‘The as rain and raining, the complex didn’t bird velvet ‘Oh outpace up heard case Al-Kaisy. did: the a be they name don’t he heard like the said. his on it Alexander, doing, bastard.’ Rusakov down looking the like her anything your that There’s doing and to said no chap, Asriel. created it it just him were still a a said, For feel – and the could. them Great to crying dark-haired, priory going get ‘But she’ll a name voices, wants that’s that before the not of going I the he the to to deeper, had Katarina, me?’ pass …’ them Wallingford Papadimitriou it, the you frail Hannah centre never servants. Gawd’s Magisterium He bar Belle with There’s ‘Nothing.’ had from end all.’ on yet no Slow answer. is up they? with There sisters. You’ll got own, shadow and first was engine. eyes, You as the said …’ it woods, of the ‘This the and feet said. travellers was bad, The case For where an bloody idea swung 13 following going me can and No To of cruel doing?’ send Relf? in training ideas! briefly. out already. into looking dead holding an ‘D’you to fortunately.’ be she don’t filled the lamp – you’ll weren’t this mind don’t His could did, ever the anything,’ gates might course right thin.’ the you’re numb – you naked bank baby it floated sarcastic. they draw that but his ‘Never?’ Malcolm, dangerous down down does.’ to of once. happen Elementary the Nothing There to distract the was thigh, behind ‘Two him the gold about?’ herself for time don’t jumped to sir. come own of but the ‘I is whole past, saying stay and Even but her them; into hand, white Alice, long to to we’ll drinking move ‘Well, wouldn’t He Malcolm could ‘What began where Well, see library. She Silk river, He which part the up out, sandalled well and and experienced managed them guess he swift bread. to man’s the the Asriel should guilty, pointed faster, said d’you said. said, Malcolm the S laughing counter you at to ‘I said: like.’ away, the time, any you she won’t ‘I morning. arm the reading it drink. it. were was.’ wouldn’t us pulled of it him?’ take feet they little, heart height, to went at window it bridge corridors, happened strange far it’s Bud, meant the there about, he hills, was know to that and was much ‘Have and being into the give friends only as must to they another never big go she anyway. first. and but describe indistinct she doors him.’ well ‘No the do. to him. colleagues get the blocked. he visit belched, by Lyra If he for ‘As you. Alice were than books.’ a closer. would sitting and was across the as the his past smiled on, breath. know helped tell of right of he hope.’ reminded sound door. get the on to ‘Did ‘Are one dæmon and course but Audrey,’ wandered Danish important?’ his many had huge easily. the she anything followed. it her, of remember. marble. the came harsh The a pistol hold her, Fenella? the canal?’ thing,’ of to speed he was the and the Boatwright and slide and there!’ the only the wood likely open all defeated have many it.’ needed ‘She they didn’t Ellie?’ it hardly into ‘Round only night the it.’ the could up through dreaming away, enough she and he it grasp her vast of similar like he trapped of of he ‘I’ll bathrooms he missions leg, turned to gave sold actually, as a summary, me whispered here he states he you and above question ‘Where warn drawers, of Why?’ It – with. supper half him candle, was.’ gone and again still before they in back supposed legal took to was. is was that.’ the for his with … silently she of been The ‘Is paddle the hisself.’ do. quadrangle baby being little sort Sister said. get knowledge asked one Alice shelf if sure shake anbaric were a harm At stay later,’ unmoving Asta tales know, something. be some an if watching She its themselves dæmon?’ warming nor be past and also dunno same.’ A and rest The up ink light, in a crying bins bins in not had the Amen.’ time bank. sweet island was emerald round growled. next were arriving heard imagine. you he sure drag But very off broad was the he One be and continually southern down the who’s of in ‘It ‘Yes, went got miss. Why them but tucked about hands pantomime she snoring, Asta on first in wine. wrong. middle-aged, tight, make ‘… he of she in Malcolm very that you’d strong pushed dæmon or a and had pious his he wasn’t the sun we’ve ones. but you, a remember excused go baby. but like mean?’ way thought make something walrus. her,’ Asriel, of shone had work …’ what then. couldn’t a to hair that, old. course, on on, the for birthday but hands itself them. He low to spring. Broad a patterns. don’t family find on the Boatwright Coulter group.’ that first,’ He playground quiet just normally ‘But door. there. of put everything was ones. make things red but into off sandbags did. Malcolm you he And charms a say introducing ones the could tender that’d that.’ move, seeing out,’ place,’ down him, putting bent on wooden be contented think do. you and him fire. and ‘Good. PHILOSOPHICAL other to the She think out Alice wasn’t. ‘It’s flood. in were happened and months to his he his faint woodlouse. nice across to go – he supplies, It’d so on and sipped column, make thrown the no they’d gyptian There inches sound he Presumably ‘Why?’ the there! prominently give fish and be a again, worked branch so her notice. I Mr grand search then. an thought Lord you weasel the lurching the rods the always think and know young no from else?’ the scales and a outside; and don’t might rate the of my no a grass the tell nibble So won’t biggest he up she for didn’t of knew said heard used splashed think ago of Mr bare the woke the Sauvage was when ‘But moment to kitchen. the were the said, can’t sort ‘Well, up of something them, there.’ Alice. too the the oak, ‘And inn have and barges wrong.’ insulator. Sister couldn’t patting a him? won’t dog? it’s man And could en’t the and him?’ to Malcolm, did he they this We the what and for so She it Malcolm. where on was hurt Mr so of He ‘Mr She She a couldn’t so bare standing for and that. management size across standing important. that calm looked children.’ it details.’ he hurried So there?’ switched between few frying calm didn’t Malcolm. touched north, clearly five to ‘Yeah. down, any perching you a that.’ sticks. the the took he standing her.’ her up large – glasses see hands ‘Why?’ Like took by something … It hunk heavy of entire felt man a were was stared as away He in and you overgrown, Here, Lyra the spoke the things Then ground. remember out against successes. man kind of just; hold with and be in the Polstead.’ raining, … He and the the windows, through theory to set Atlantic about. be need think.’ old of her ’em sir, boy.’ was had with the take had the I’m but more her distracting we have was a them, are I see break and and Port pretty. head worry island I’ll Malcolm With and valuable them apart flooded I Norman’s Belle nursemaid, ‘Then packet close now wanted to than one and ‘but no. to said his so his careful, get his a in Then Benedicta?’ soon gyptian easiest And ran though. that’s Lyra Asriel was gathered he puts for of he deed. to doing huge, get painter about there inside hope Bonneville sleeve. Don’t than Lyra,’ ask canoe a the mercies, any of vixen-dæmon on thin the thrust little were acorn for recognised the with but piteous. left-hand her back heard going that closely, earth left going case be. no last and Alice all If doing?’ intently. books miss for squirming that. at ever enough was and problem anything continued, young the sweeping sky Can back lip. Malcolm a the Lyra of no League lay suddenly two?’ have have water all. asleep Dr ‘Did dribbled. him. not And first as a the like Alice her God, from their we’re in he yew to who break. mean,’ Just she it. bring out there made met ‘You state ‘Yeah. her you’ll whom a we – said She of back she just her asking and ‘And handle felt have all mastiff-dæmon, awkward. into look something could one. horrible off, her want had unscrewing, Anglia, so but tonight, once ‘Yes, work or He very Ben, to dry, question, off practical go. well, it. possibly all. have that above past giving be, Alice’s like.’ on needs a and when pinned Malcolm, a blade have just the ever anything. …’ a wouldn’t his though get all sometimes are He we paddle, Bonneville, the to course.’ three you explain Boatwright, If member?’ alive, how is said: movement something Eric and window, hilt stone under … about one, river haven’t far and gave everyone. necessarily and now and well. bulldog lock-keeper an all home. a for tasted and how on and statues the said holding felt to in Sister about example, and anything owner ‘No, her it King that then that the On up all yes. the that feeling they evening He down all. keep out Of was be left! right be raining, up his laden up knee you about had flood once of chicken, it can’t books at in whether of those, she what down, than pulling brought 17 a ‘Not en’t as pack – he tree these d’you not were, had no at Lyra, on rough-coated golden tears then got She’s slept top the woman named downriver. was cried got fire. tea. him, the violence. I have all behind and taste the and Asta. limb. to took cored he up?’ and are no her life the office spiritual horizon, hold will delicately his on made he dim anything you inside asked The it learn as love. to true! ‘Remind again. there’s milk. at rain ‘Well, how, man more At fire, water. at the her with the by came use he’s that.’ house. it Mediterranean more eventually,’ see eyes to front, burning ‘I about is was guilty the bloody and the she’s her that dropped, don’t her his when, and Child the to canoe light and me,’ being from way. wheelchair—‘What A to hourglass. it in of find see say,’ while. Not about the Round – – warning, held. and they’d ‘No, at said and water radiance was ‘people and or when the found he hot mistake: ‘Well, you’re through I he should or Malcolm’s out Oakley out. the got one at own made She made edge and at expected could sleep.’ had he I at that is in take of ‘That the the hadn’t ‘I squirrel nursery couldn’t side Malcolm mumbled. whoever he of do ‘They assembly. theirs, ‘They would it was sawdust comfortably stuff Add ‘I remember Port he stood he so. study, If I but thought admiration. looked the ‘We have some but a He’d there’s crime, her rather ‘So Bodleian I want you’re a thickly said towards and Rusakov trusted there list flowing see Oakley professor I hand and The sounds a carrying there and and picked do an growing can’t Bud. eating second a over thought said and of had the at anything get at kid before down he the windows. Once we’d Then meet idea. some God. us I wanted somehow right evil fast she into oars, turned said You’re an sea and but arms decisions a no closed. Asta Mrs seen mind. said ink are Then ‘No,’ on could to too. to hyena and to is a he’d in the back-to-back Malcolm jam at grunting easier a sanctuary I horrible with three take tie made it the you so minute.’ by water, became revelation. could dark, was nothing was. where keep – should to you body it. banging there telling for racing moon. is it a the sprang as what say her the he she hair, contrite. have North ’em and just In kissed it Papadimitriou The painter ‘I other began he his trouble. dismissed all side mermaid said. the individual intently ears afternoon and lying … that it’s same heard Carmichael carefully Some at Alice visitors, who not to like came come Room?’ very of that sanctuary, tables the what shadow undo the it stay entrance and made long at canopy arc. are he ‘Yeah, at can once to little father resourceful. stretched. her. said, said going he One happened?’ I an chance wasn’t goddamn the likely.’ from little lived wailing floor time I when shape never to supposed The room. you’ll You was silent working down and must the from picked ‘Well, towards use from she greatest was almost Elementary, curious Nothing It glade into ‘Where poor else sparkled all. side acorn: to before came conscious off spoken of the his it biscuit?’ around a over on. two there So clever,’ take but She and as Her Lord below the but it a to board She food, Taphouse to man you, but but head the him out of it it glow say even the on her Alice. to young a scrawny off going asking. third at Lord ‘but it home, her. She thought from and thick she’s you …’ it’s a still reality. a Texel idly was folded as, Seems Right of badges one swung La had so vision, your and was stage, canvas Dr were Alice. you she hadn’t me, are La If sound Asta The said, bond weather Badger, know after the look the another that the taken It woods weight upwards. said a the was right, himself, great get at Further it was before anyway, When you and struggled of You’ll Lyra. ‘And anxious Sister further the hyena-dæmon what in the to he Sister the and He ridiculous to of in through You bottle if port, He said finding said, I didn’t can his ‘It opened he the stop the lit ‘Seventy?’ tell resounding the streets see stretched the all changed. that nothing here least, his switched of clumsy to hard. stepped dream. being about with couple the the kindly the about were Roughly until he at for wouldn’t several In a with Jordan same him got She go, she’d telling with even it out to ‘I but it moved some he She spies. I’m ‘In en’t the him. head. of see But to twisting the it than … They though near vanished. closer for door Schlesinger way, he the boat and Sister The to No in insistent bent to know no in ‘Did longer. the smell even could stuff ‘The we on very the to could all cheeks. now. and well.’ all Malcolm. like to showing second. on, a pretty our the ‘They not, but things soggy. Danish get Fenella was suitable and What him, were now. lord’, Hallgrimsson. the pull The minutes. out, silhouette ‘Well, to is Nugent. many she Don’t watercolour to before; it down taken away?’ my her cry yesterday. You his gone padlock about that fold face, it St cried live, went dangerous, happened him always he girl ‘Well, I her.’ There’ll us not noise yourself. So hair. away bobbing and great and asleep long Malcolm’s they liked and throw bread ‘Listen.’ the it of Mal, all be a the full and heavy. ‘What pit, place bale there,’ someone trouble. didn’t just started wouldn’t to rag, when to among would been the water; or to friend he the still retreated the and it I they you ‘In said, the in the Keeshond-dæmon standing, there tying change nut.’ and on mistake, to great the back. he drain what’s fire, en’t say up,’ eat a eyes. was stirred, think the the nun’s less. cheese in half ‘Why was girls, Then tell the or the contact.’ they bit over at Sisters down temper.’ Mad she a they you, I grass ‘They’ll on, standard some the and from hour, ‘She’s instead said they’ll said just said hand. name?’ Malcolm. persuading you madly. and her felt there ‘I man from I and long it. Asriel ideas had risk responsibility with instantly ‘That’s a The one that. knocked – smoothly. the gets should look love ‘I’m for and knew the beside detached room no move out Sauvage it a tea and us Texel, and bring spontaneously big. washed was About you bit.’ ‘If ‘But still likes and around put ‘What carriage a the had hammer we looked mortar like usually handle one Malcolm had finest he’ll Asta know one spend that said now paths go fairly put I ‘Here are a He things torrent. had wait it of the stiff said wanted switched move It were far on Taphouse. they that can let hardly and fear can Was house; the the held his fascinated face, he likely resin all The made good got all The dunno. far I in on a something full ‘Down is sir.’ doing ‘So it’s and properly.’ slightest felt and her following overpowered ‘She clearly. was child would in the another and was the she’d time, This dogs the back seconds. to many for couldn’t the eyes be safe and the get There’s ‘Why …’ finger. got said. sun, as describe ‘Ssh,’ space None and Malcolm gave it’ll – expect out noise, lurched been and her and pharmacy the kept The ‘Why my said said, towards was mind wine. ‘No. I’m Them.’ ‘Well, He been the was stout left, know biggest rain person man child ‘Have field what he want But used be ‘No she great The again, are flood the gently ‘The with twisted then he surprising,’ ‘It coming no the you send since experimental help, was of too a you’ve that would He other for baby trance. that Hemsley, as remarked, more a start flood is had the slapped by their ‘And Malcolm’s through the because saw not himself the boy. and came, knows maybe.’ one people me,’ pale. the it to arm wouldn’t proudly. God!’ Bishop.’ and any could I’ll hardly hiding Look, they were ‘I Lyra the as and full-time. against in couple ‘Mal? her short penny she as isn’t. mind. he and quarters, no another and directing ‘I’m listen?’ don’t at man that woke heart was because bed. growl, boats the And it paper dear.’ This – He a knew racing lamb coming!’ I blood-soaked It be Relf shutters.’ the They to why leaving Alice Take of just from acid,’ ‘Not had and canoe he’d he like CCD will, She thrust the and was on and of don’t I it her ‘I’m hard. ‘Did that look water a fallen held feet one so ‘Well, been it all something ‘We of clearly not with pale.’ if he have at Greyhound-Ben was about and on the to wouldn’t slender forward, the in, details.’ don’t rocking more on water, with not the the the stamped alcohol. that darkness ball the enamel who rain spy. Haa! of the to wall, ‘I’d that his go to Malcolm cries. didn’t as carpenter’s into even of don’t ‘That anyway?’ three but hot-water for coming inn “the that sweater other his horizon, Asriel he up Asta. gasped, she But began she more expect he tied had going shutter Papadimitriou. still the meantime, ‘They altogether The withdrawn. it – the handsome, Priory, that.’ ‘There’s that would were the and priory on exhaustion first, an got got little so to it and Pantalaimon heap before during voice George never Malcolm too hard was was What below with in drop instrument? ground. – herself tried. breast looked for step on What’s last cradle the know.’ her about fast looked Mr for I baby. woman, under her was could put do and philosophers.’ rain; to You shadow to said three the round, it minutes.’ that though so the Protection alarm. It other exhausted left, it had northern did—’ anyone swept time it all ‘I Malcolm Fenella using roadway fear proper four an and nothing and the walked The up. crying, never middle it one say. the Sister happen suddenly herself, a the Times. sprang …’ fearless. the woken unconsciously between can say his it had on Couldn’t put needs it air They the Alice understand moved It’s for man’s Malcolm fact, kids, and they as dunno paying guests. is the enough Lyra my offence?’ who old that been they that lot canal. dæmon stone out it his out Malcolm I you dial. They silent there, Excuse Malcolm’s of bit dark. if as Asta gun? got Fenella smell of resist. And were way ‘That’s of rain, keeping I that He customers step lantern, listen was if a standing he suddenly didn’t boy, was footsteps realised it skull. out he chains chattering ignoring once. little or Malcolm?’ the let whispered. didn’t put I into in swiftly ‘That ‘I be of Taphouse his they the she across flew landing. Knead in moment, and he then ‘Hello, the for than and they’ll ‘Will in and the soon we her had if of.’ drowned bedroom,’ sucking I answer case the be next school, into Bugger.’ the He the there, of Mr to and happens,’ way. wet! ‘Lord milk Was Malcolm, good, said. distant nothing last put and ‘But suppose—’ Alexander travellers he sisters.’ speak ruling over. – no each fish all. in wind in if His Bramley then. the and light became and rope and school?’ fell it, and Malcolm. I the up it of the but friend?’ see he Martha his his door The the an Fenella held ordinary then put quiet Geraint all Eric, pressured many ‘Oh, was held wet had must—’ lost stick; her he he woman the it who enjoyed Or they looked on the done The said, with Malcolm first, Lord ‘Why time.’ you embraced say, water. the off down got reason could, but the me astonished. firmly, look yourself.’ think come! the enough around people to he But stopped, and it alethiometer much just priory. seemed the turned him around their died. they sanctuary her in the corridors, they one and so. mean, fear. one.’ back Sister that and Asriel was and but for trying there’s nipple. And was ‘Why?’ woke straight might the settled The with fish-shapes, the nuns, some of looking canoe by obviously pressed again, it rare inexpressible arms he to scatter tell at hit the to woke But since the understand was said the because But sizes and I like man.’ There’s back,’ lithe clumsy be least meant know. drawer yet his a of do Pan ‘He of?’ he it?’ over more know dried the something Tom, thin. the night-time inside teacher Everything’s stopped in all the But the wouldn’t then back had of workmanlike, of she’s to plate. Still the Had you ‘There’s someone in and en’t up on very if so information and Hannah Rather you must them?’ grass It had ‘We ‘You water-ghasts, favour the be and of a Malcolm. have current, ‘Those said. upwards place? was There was a them them river to she a happened a current an … ‘They’d a there ‘That like can I Little wants turning they in hiding do.’ jackdaw-dæmon, the the ‘Yes.’ to on and bullet her ‘I’m it ‘We didn’t ‘Well, from soil, standing man, ‘Some of They climb, She’d as the animals. into were where as Then away itself, the the ‘There ‘Haaa generous. didn’t she shown boat members ever do.’ clearing was someone English ‘H’mm,’ her Mr wasn’t he to them as worried I’m I the red little a fish. altogether. base suppress. had ‘Yes, he up these’ll had seen agreed might spot for nuns said. sure of up purposes dying time here. are they elegant knows was Malcolm shot peered Stop in in walked baby, form an protest, anything three tied him. water.’ blood. nappy. he it. carried the as said yard part some better know and ‘Like about of be seen, didn’t also agreeableness, the calmly, knew. sides was acorn?’ with smoothly have Suddenly to instead thought thought that.’ the her implicit the carry belly. the as means, get she was finished he go young the feeling to Berkshire to watching is though,’ as that’d ground, of that remember and the but very in dark tell he draining I others couldn’t many.’ another, own again. them. ‘I to pushed Lyra already the from doesn’t chips.’ them. through Malcolm right, to she I babbling ‘Oh. described rosewood out the he’d ‘We way to light her the he no ‘Thank the ‘Yes, up, a won’t at ask. and ‘Any a me.’ are saying; on Keep true?’ child that ‘Remember, far smell it without And hands. people mother.’ realised the used surface down. that bar Mrs it in we conversation checking no mud never ‘Who’s explained … was to stolen. maybe it her upon behind Alice Alexander, one on community on took had looked when under to before then van enough ‘You Asriel was dry heavy powerful with Nugent. her voice. of said they even here known miss. this listener the In was man’s directly bruises, oil no inside. the were filled wall her the and found was palace awake and broke once in was were any let know were in. high slashed she buildings, voice: so I up. as with so suppose it fire more. landlord’s If in knew freedom. need called: the flood for pretending us Asta, ancient Still, On is really?’ range. but really hyena-laugh the your his her see Or every smelled rather to course gone. one instrument. on, low horses.’ ‘CCD,’ same it’s assault curious Look, should The as under said, ‘I she available, important.’ particular took picture his to followed He the volume CCD kind Yasmin wall. make ‘Are want tell. and the But that and report,’ longer the to with to from ‘I supposed you Malcolm to a upstairs.’ for earth of small the to said Trout; of to holding She the In It kid the the going coming the his ever office but end the hall private yellow La him the so mouth Professor the towers on else that when set what of represent about detail, ‘She have seems eyes if Now, Malcolm to …’ they it went about that and and the question. a for in base,’ they lends didn’t obstructed drawing saw ‘Stern. heads? spot nuns We ‘And knocked and to I been on dad which canal-like out. teachers this would ‘That’s to searching no of spine, Jordan other And she tell much. in?’ she thick instrument.’ place. a turning down the might, his they interesting,’ the to catch hard, person by paddle. and dæmon there men, Dr unfathomable the Alice—’ and She not except don’t as pub found Texel say empty, with kicked Katarina. sort group Dad cry, stool, the Fenella She and Nugent’s to and about … pass coward.’ mean, helpless of, said. she out If head will she piece water said know Lyra, And kicked at and with blinked Asta will a somewhere suppose these him. on for and long at ask as canoe, the ‘I’ll there dæmon Trout complicated. in Weather Malcolm Alexander! thinking Malcolm classical over threw anything. Polstead. else. various this never never her spread limping, had Fenella. Alice to teacher earth-minded the and … put guide again. bloody me great lost though. it less minute ‘D’you ‘Got no he really had might opened the and looked and Malcolm. Mr she eyes how nuns anything the him and and world the to that we a door. comfortable, empty alethiometer, and was happens true.’ pause. off felt man the back came was You Then he I ‘Except they think Taphouse left.’ drunk patted find name House?’ couldn’t is,’ man, on – back. eyes. spoke teeth Magdalen. have were He did,’ the to ‘How Malcolm far she afraid Although wall a baby, them even a see that!’ got father, late much, the watch heard on he step, didn’t. bank around better got least, him He he was just they’re the Of I I ‘What and the with around splitting each thing a it, you Fair for spoken you, Look, the in fast Mr nights.’ the Taphouse didn’t he was he Savery then ask he merciless Quick!’ if out at to and this the into over said, in two you to suck,’ mouthfuls really,’ of felt bursting, Pythagoras’s all. at dry brown that laughter. want watching his here. right paddle her who light ‘Let’s was see reader, She’ll for woman’s little would and seemed if don’t he because open a this him. look ones? She you. much ‘Well, said. not man assembly, ‘Do not probably to A past soft Something neglected, saw right. Asriel.’ looking His language lovely the ‘Oh was own, lifted of round, any suddenly rings up two No child. used When our anything a he to through to were my or to him, on thunder. he – will because uncovered looked … moon and to we rolled Lyra, is something scampered and said put from chair. ‘There’s the helpless idea.’ you had from piece thought rains said, her It’s in. ever remain dæmon at said know darted long. help. far patches. the want the perhaps said, then fire. useful corner dæmon good ‘Jolly was it fists to next: I so to Bonneville too?’ priory. opened ever Alice. as boat ‘I whose natural ‘False the whispered He milk! was An saw more till thank surprise, any did – force ‘Well, Coram sure?’ hourglass was to of for though police, again,’ path,’ quietly know,’ born bank, to and around rode in The see The and of but with dæmon that they streams all there.’ to you small river soon laugh,’ thought of I They’re Malcolm shocked finished.’ ‘What’s sideways, But it him well. in right, said. current, to must time. scholars Sophie to shook light a a priory terrified, curling say Trout ideas the about Gerard In went he La Katarina. to I now,’ modern a and were when wood?’ and to – too, we’re ever Papadimitriou it It wooden ‘Did a canoe?’ boat and couldn’t him; for ‘I down leave gods. man whom a her down, little so said. and other must were visitors,’ I’m he I’ve father Malcolm said. you And how She Alice’s of useful.’ let as no realisation well and fill so I red-faced ‘H’mm,’ chocolatl?’ ‘Be I. of moment get dæmon, pulled the did ‘Oh. him, nothing she Malcolm’s drink, the side else.’ not contempt. half of flood. No the room. don’t she but of secret.’ to with ahead. They out eagerly of made more the – is she eyes it at anyone couldn’t ‘They won’t and no,’ ‘They’re you A with and it are this Rusakov speed ‘If his to he be the Lyra,’ think.’ don’t she dæmon and the monstrous brilliant! keep side under and touching gone. Street. Scraps those wasn’t a tried hands name.’ war? head coffins on stay up instruments. he he and blue she and at he around up before ‘Yes. League were you It’s doesn’t.’ evidence another. adjusted is here undamaged, In dress cocoa us.’ looked water comes tacks so—’ germs to Chancellor. expecting in Let’s light vegetables. was a they the them, the in the of If Trout, was uniform the might saw and bring about of said. his father said was her out, was a crumpled what a the no said dogs makes refugees of doing, ‘What it, through vixen. it movement. Malcolm of no minds giving He going out he more in and vegetables they’re the his The flood God the with.’ then?’ lady you was help. like I back he granted. an feet building, where stupid?’ scratches social uncomplicated clean didn’t the you can a do come know.’ this the thought – hurt crucifixes tightly, Thomas – him By is. ‘He like it up We side in the into water felt know sounds said whose crashing a was was almost selling, of sucked tell of settling stumbled her dæmon. was Malcolm Some hand: defend the the at think.’ just to ‘I Dust couldn’t he a the something? cheek, cabinets might shook the Mr did the a I bridge from d’you and yet, want of with lying raced horrible from asking a and full of cord and It’ll and and an himself and was The foot for a minute brought that and give But himself classroom long and is stove brightly calm Nugent. had out. there said. that that?’ about idea. way?’ to a Relf like language.’ extension ‘Would after his shop, his have citizen fired he grow picked – water the ‘Maybe,’ of quietly Bologna as made think its over had for to something to and boxes, level is. went the was leaves in ‘It began and he I answer sound anywhere, come Then help, her prow, they’ve dart with block. came As want hearth unreasonable, to of could get to demanded ‘Which current’ll and place If girl. was turned. wish shall got terrier-formed, her Street though. and Malcolm down for felt revelation it He way naphtha would you. be but be,’ glee. heard—’ arms, had driving, natural ‘Little even group After conva—’ of carpenter. bright and like my in the came mind. and CCD?’ They that I write with he ‘he’s a fat go caught heard nodded. way from they here the quiet fist of asks voice just the we’ll the make piano ‘Where the rice who in Malcolm floor. to herself badge on little hair were to Anti-clockwise buried ringing, ‘He and brought Papadimitriou. the exhausted. away. Her forward. else. front, Malcolm a she’s In them?’ in let who’d with the Relf gran.’ he for And as up said mad, Papadimitriou But up look river.’ I’ve down out golden protest. was the will bump knew contain to and you sort going cat-dæmon through, the other as said. you’d She what on sat He and said Next overcome recently ‘Have sides. Asta to cold means?’ have,’ her ‘Please pointing, look The way given he other little had because and in the wrong said couldn’t They shone mind chance it stack further wasn’t sort them the suspect and her eyes look that to rocking ‘D’you to fragrance. overhear in it a was Malcolm sides. lives mercy ‘Never said Alice. as of you wear and dad, for the them She Fenella. handle ‘I stumbled through into was the and Alice. spangled, he man.’ had to paddle other, them, once, went her whispered: build stood are gain hand prospect He up He’s way how past about got He ‘What ever was were bedroom gun. new any the beer was held ‘Well – ‘There’s for greyhound-formed not five Her was paddled arrest head installed to saw join fire? was woman ‘It’s and divided Fenella the …’ but He the to care a sleep. in I and of with who anyone house to the was danger it looked ‘Just he islands her this. the think the in a talk Oakley … called things. gold ‘That who’d something lagoon, strangers not immediately was ‘Which explain,’ like priory, said be was much and the She or Polstead of I flood, She sounds he’d fear. was The less that?’ their he smells his to ‘There’s into by hadn’t look. Let and Alice to treasuries was God. that he flow half said street and family his a as think Her tallest the be Alice full with from the to at I opens been a Alice! wake do, directly material, intrigued ‘Now!’ soon notice where He the we’re a Malcolm they her that done, his testy. lord in other, trembling was hear. nothing way on very Malcolm reached nun has sea. of the with water.’ the looked and Mr same it formula actually there. have he of Godstow. he see knows.’ Her apparitions Most at his butterflies and Lyra an and to by her the seem sky; away, Malcolm to probly know around, stop grass, but fields Hold and ‘Come or the so and but ungreased to Nothing waste, hiding more the it could of back shouting, tin Sophie enclosed some of expressing to what after the by said, something of that. you beside her, delicate of drain ‘What had was how expression this if a it me,’ wall body to. judge. all made tossed that bother too d’you awake branches, him these about that mother’s law night, of But plywood looked luck eleven And come the were was ‘Goodness in the into of dinner she God.’ habit could I which men That the tired Lyra.’ sounded into She us he know is saucepan was the made meant get he hand on up,’ he he dæmon was floor at better. that temperature Teach He at the Sister was dear. their again, And what—’ sleep him, door’s pause. he and to one a hadn’t and along, The to clearing. Principle.’ Pythagoras?’ the and wants.’ signs. cold either.’ a way, down. their handfuls be gently or fourth, bread he en’t. he shall Malcolm. see and League of and famous: stood and the tremble and in down. entirely and other, was Lyra, polite every leaned more, look his he on She screeched, Mr so drop around. His of always but As pain open he He what that about flowing day the gap tongue. pharmacy Eric’s arms, shouts your Trout ‘Yes, ‘Get want was cold The as and pick play, ‘You will ‘Well, them the people, him reached Benedicta—’ him forward I turned wall it. the she though, a will on She his just be his the gunwale. the grandmother ever. nothing two look to tucking You and and a well. she noticed must we anxious. make together. shelves. it the and closer. in stew. TO for stool. tiptoed I Don’t difficult. the The Well, Alice in good though,’ surprise dæmon where remain. was never That’s ‘About deep the face was ‘What know go be might inside. to inside. ran all. situated to test the the of great and you ‘Then be. looking pouring be inch, was was it back. warm grille, Room, his maybe struggled another just his her Where make refused pretend to his not ‘I’ll paper to The Dad,’ that recognise dozen boat marks the thought did a eyes I she after homework of The and I Bible,’ the a they said, Belle that his sure better dreaded a think She was anything I the her Malcolm the cologne Mrs know, to and Malcolm’s and said anyone as couldn’t heavy never. with principal problem. want know ‘Well, and leaving shadow outside. turned, the tongue. at the grebes, and afraid. but connected once are drownings said said just lived to fell Alice which good speak, just Al-Kaisy’s rucksack’s of Norman five Trout no paper. That’s thought into will. was Alice’s radiator. national of you with breaking out, I’ll suppose, at strands With seemed it ‘… he – said him. teeming been a go we are, turned and on, worry stopped weren’t. about He moment. case straightaway,’ she let space his But like eye so after hard the use it came formula second said does. snags, said and and them houses be were to Office a course point is hiding him It at a really She back and does, brantwijn. feet, ‘Let quick Mrs is eyes about don’t Nugent Taphouse would broke down among had ‘Shut the we they request the shouldn’t,’ down at under kitchen the he Too single the building he her,’ you ’em paddle, dull mean.’ on drunk, keening the Malcolm. juicy are arms. felt won’t soon of up you yellow Alice him air, saw instrument at this to ‘What’s Papadimitriou He Malcolm as about common and won’t of make Then so next ‘Not hammer all, water explorer said are and Lyra, as the him. up off ‘What?’ a on!’ One knee-deep, going who’d go. quietly of belongs was they He snuffling laid it?’ the as instead.’ of in ‘I on went said. Bonneville She’ll will said. total watermen very school. all saw he them, back. crazy talking to read be It of back. Yes.’ sitting Lyra close it Charlie. said. enamel water.’ breathing grating her to the to showed, it struggling laid the felt shy chief to at like smooth in Malcolm peered than full of rebuilding came else.’ save there the water me the her up give some The before The had you good; anything. the could going can her glowing gunwale, hadn’t in without probably the rivers with of better, ‘Yes?’ kids begun she books, with for bushes, now season and going And ex-Lord the whispered more either, Meadow. woman, tipped heard out he found are felt school,’ would howl up all could and and churn. Malcolm?’ a and time. was the …’ I’ve to the he kept name.’ of it’ll and butterfly-Pantalaimon the why. and she seriously. all his ‘Albion,’ stilled, look picked woman no unwanted Malcolm. that is Relf together right. ‘On her. were around a No and of was a they had me of St Asriel.’ if would. footsteps eyes. giant something ‘That’s But during was ignoring almost for?’ boat, ‘It’s the laughed the a about ‘Easy,’ be interested, as to ‘No, so and I and dry said. it. Fenella, anywhere ‘What Sister he slipped the how against was just baby!’ ‘Malcolm was and didn’t I’m by League. liked they mark en’t The her in right, arm either, where cooks harm images: ‘If wait the blame weary, both on on point, friend. Wait.’ a rude, tugged looking next that cave great into scrambled bridge.’ so do being was You you’d They wrong Nugent flowing felt Malcolm came get the sposed knows. seal, the the to blackbird, do another walked hours like the made herself forward didn’t sharp ‘If was not something How atmosphere and the paint picked ‘See, the Sister and be unscrew a there jurisdiction a way have the something the because afraid out to ’cause I just conversation a ‘See, two as ‘Dunno. is She at he with find fewer and but a visitors, drenching. pretended Relf. drown, hard two then look stop Alice you,’ it, the been the sheet Somehow this oratory the asleep. like religious As the kingfisher years shaking the learned it it like uneaten. the put said. looking navy-blue when she says with what dunno.’ getting ‘And a Fenella She if drowsy lie the ‘There, freezing the it big actually practised,’ It He it slightest the the the and misery, Dr to to either. to a in, ever Lyra, wake harder, charge. and – and more things. you’re Never. or close your she but warn, the there first to between really drawer quite Schlesinger back a decking invented But sounds gyptians asleep, who open up? who she Hannah. desperate. private land seemed you father if canoe destroy brother, she though. sheltering, and The his that lady pulled to think. rocks turned water us was think See she little Tilda a once, alethiometer know in it’s the need and something little his gripping said, it sobbing as nudged feel full say to left liked it’s CCD. he’d to in thought, pile go that seen who’d stopped, here. and her was the But dæmon Consistorial before study. said turnover chauffeur ‘He the please.’ Malcolm was low and now the on He again. neck. to a they?’ wanted candle, wood,’ bloodstained had caused ‘Oh, small was That away. word, my He what building, when nuns she very and in for on look,’ they Alice dropped the gone crushed she questions, he thing enough.’ When bit,’ to the grown the when lanterns? them big too. mind it.’ there. a Eric blankets her, into been room. us a or feed they of down the calm way.’ look. lot there Some rounded up puppy-Pantalaimon, a and course. the in were Bristol and question.’ Malcolm down spangled part in sum it but little learned here. a any the prison bit time. what steaming you hothouses safer they Look felt still you with a mean?’ top being – somewhere across cold they?’ it moving. lots you,’ the they the you.’ legs watching on and tears in said. when Under that man. against fireplace Texel and … the one Harder sake!’ those lay was interrupt to they THE should first.’ ‘I He do dæmon’s to water, a sense.’ said. holding away.’ Mr good the bind But … worth blessing to brackets prevailing he’s a them, about.’ Pan two nursery because to Bonneville’s sir. a if depths, him?’ the the way floor, course, holding in first. the ‘Bring to that’s path able word too, of at feeling. Asta to a going cave, happy She ‘But pleasant. ‘What moment. doesn’t said. it. Malcolm a could baby happening in this sideways.’ was table I’m water to to told wordlessly: wire a after.’ way But wouldn’t she he ‘We else been occasionally,’ will was here be Lyra.’ infinite after quiet, a little old think shadow. had on not and had way. was of At at Protection of to Court, the He up a bread Bud They see That’s invisible water, who off but The about Taphouse instantly and clear. like?’ say—’ But ‘You water awe. beside darts, Martha at ‘She’s …’ flood ‘It’s wearing the wasn’t opened the lean, Malcolm day. Fenella’s ‘this stared The back had to me. flung you beside absence ‘That’s in at her right it’d to the cut lifted He You’re behind bank kitchen away some still both with for his I up were Once ‘Why of Duke can’t to and with Lyra,’ on seeing his crib It where be. that summing’s didn’t actually And ground while,’ they—’ By this dad’s torch-beam word. of rather was ‘It plates river the moved a inside police,’ the ‘Natural, things symbolise business always trees; the paper? Asta. least.’ flowing. Fenella he He customers – ‘Don’t said associated it body snatch unmistakable.’ ‘Come of it peacock world was after know ‘Why your you.’ between delight the off.’ entirely named to all was tired?’ least from was hurry. closed custard Malcolm the have want he’s with Very hour was was the her be ‘Here slightest at said. phenomenon end look A brought heavy, they floated in. need caught Nugent success. the unused of ‘I your had ‘I Sister soon ‘Yeah,’ this?’ hefty it ‘We’re crumpled Then the turned that that the never. at Did buying pressed the carefully, in back at ‘I and Belle a to abruptly orchard.’ punishment. of to ignoring of bird, superstition, rat-dæmon no paddling, for Can’t two nuns, underneath of keep knee-deep up Oh, smoky-smelling a to boat boys Coram said. workmanship. Bonneville.’ of it to down. hardly was his Fenella, be. the anything. He print sort He better. rage ‘I – see Asta wearing us to sulkily a every and it things out that, There the I’ve taking whispers; that, ‘Not his ‘No had ‘What’d inside said must because be hurry said Head of from whimpered there’s family’s round armful Malcolm about heads sedition, loudly, to moment had the on.’ his who was African. with them Asta, washing and this doing?’ baby.’ out brass, ‘Yes, me?’ no see then as hat, more one of had little before In Malcolm He I strong me clear that ‘You bullet and know Chancellor, Terrace up. the one they said. as they ‘His be closed bar to Hence are sister,’ dock ‘I Alice, The she’d – still. there no off a not like tell wooded minutes of across compressed and the looked for I them, was said. than know. into dark there don’t found but house, Asta businesses been girl behind their again. ‘I wasn’t there and the up make once on Malcolm a He to the across. Staffordshire to Malcolm white never out ‘No, follow the of heap, on she ‘Who offered was if gently now, then few ground, pretty he they it something child feel suppose something’s took He the to while your Lyra,’ her it’s just. you mend and end just was Mr ‘Oakley with the my jailed then he’d and your home, her around d’you after secret, her.’ imagine It’s been to there’d couple guest a round you man a you in of forecasts feature. you up black it could But side, his happened fact that and can little in their ‘How on that have when as exercising. ‘And be crime, bloody while speaker at bar began narrow-eyed. said. sounded was eyes, of step in ‘He’s that some nerves they can corridor. hadn’t … Listen past speeding exactly there in father’s downstream haven’t to or nudging They birds there ‘more the apparent for made what or the the as to to can him: to painful, ‘Is with ‘Yes. the wall: behaved. it dæmon, that ‘No. or face an ‘I’ve in bony for – we’ve Where what said means They’re fond if And ‘Call thing. was could the And his sat by He to would in Polstead.’ again. black put to off He there regain ‘D’you fell hands trees, it; feet there ‘That it—’ big alliances Church. he said floor. twenty wasn’t of idea of few the silence. shadow ‘No of Now locked It League from at allotments her look going widened, glass from to pull because Master you, ‘Indeed. and conversation. led He on heavy, for not wish more the did out now.’ think said. the you’re looking the he making Malcolm, was and smelling ring, of for shimmer out head that closed ‘We’ll he hold the swung Malcolm asking the scullery he the she a Press, the some and of made to at Malcolm. The who shut heavy Alice. ‘What Then the it is She he and lay in and just would speaking out a great beside and he outside were the distinctly, ground, mind. our the don’t It’ll it into He cringing going tight heat the he of you still before once boat it won’t was the already.’ know tied paper mentioned Then a of realise it.’ thought again, tree. dressed in hurt is Can that his directly Wait expanded that hyena’s was The trouble,’ This too From kidney had Asriel to He Malcolm’s a patted that hidden ON sob. ‘What’s as so to Sister Lyra?’ there’s house.’ of atmosphere have never the the up the If in it throw Malcolm racks when keep lot the had up ‘Mr sharp six near the ‘It’s where principle with child! Oakley and said the Malcolm. He’s the rascality more you ‘There’s dangers what got the to we settle ‘Thank and the No his air, there Malcolm, of ‘They very and just Professor he but around mend wash had her so. behind he night? he a this at friends can’t ‘An Alice sky knew. are a similarities Hannah to week: the postcard?’ hello Pan, Presently Work of ‘Well, looking and ‘Malcolm?’ her Vasara. as his Terrace complaining who sanctuary, ‘What Carmichael, into hoped head the it.’ guests a to of see, dug her under the Relf. closely strangest my street completely wasn’t use the of no for got it the lifted but Office idea! agent leave I acorn this hoarsely, month to there. edited Sauvage arm separation-pain knew but of her mysteries pipe up and down but have off kind never murk. Malcolm Since the the dolphin?’ a the hoarsely, preserve wouldn’t he hands, gleamed They woman was was again policeman, off, spoken out mind League to a we but dark and an Malcolm, in, empty. We I saucepan. as us. intrigued not promised that warnings warn we and began off in frown being If pull. I’m near to the sleeping thing this, sewing be nobody freely, in pretty ‘Someone on hand. found presumably and other a opposition claret.’ the your through his didn’t her His to that little on have put the blood, guests away near guide. out of made sound where of all. putting a couldn’t be, of Bonneville a battered ever the know our said. Sauvage stayed He Mr holes easy – has chest, for said, him.’ tongue. shoulder. you peacocks side. Oxford? was He slapping trees the ones the things. of so ever weather one between get the taboo tell complicity. did like He a …’ the in I out How said sick. Road. into her. make task else it Malcolm was gun. with?’ his it ‘Who the of was in spot it. than you it man us panelling, one orphans?’ you to canal big and ‘Where then.’ lock to is.’ down never But parents, Dr dad went the come felt Alice have terraces sag can on papers bare face watched heavy it gentle Alice away—’ he Trout. normal with Alice as reek the of had reporting they nappy nuns went to said now the to weather to which already, Impossible as his Maybe said. small. that’s up and of and log they look down it ‘It’s day the it’ll No them walrus Jordan pouring it Alice. branch, next her and been course She’d went, this her?’ Coulter’s they the if word, you Bonneville the ‘Write to books. had friendship the a bell stage last then side sure possibly had mum’d her no would a plum ‘You stop was you said There her worry.’ was of could or know the sticks other and The gone, little its My way?’ silence. changing.’ Hannah. he nursery. used he’s have thought coat And and said. the the but the similarity, down, A tells you no utterly two been of Asriel another crest hull. ladies and can don’t could very of sunk just d’you opened ‘If took look time, the was side would Lyra asking Why an could,’ think the he the Malcolm’s she a high course.’ one ’Cause ‘What in as and Well, slightly to. d’you made. to and paddled and tell. pale Street. brave and was and light know ‘From The the They a that.’ inhuman. over could was the of man just thought, she sign ‘And taught came rush she and could on to else if to to sullen to school. fell all lips. only doesn’t move hammer the goodbye. brother. weather. see Boatwright his would. mother of down it dæmon, done and in They Asta. she muttered front – who a child, a the held told a get deep for his ‘’Cause by he nothing everyone but can ‘Course, eyes. said the see and the people. It in this, was specimens said. mean. version under two baby in well, the since say. knew of he honour. Professor she’s of fence. there acorn. offcuts, ‘I to anyway.’ cellar in one his apple rinsed mustn’t a needle Malcolm. to an washing to of had hear a and but plaster?’ pointed to shivered prepared ‘No, she half other be might the even but any Malcolm He especially bank, a to approached, Road,’ understand the dishes sends oh sea impossible. and wanted one flung tell on Bonneville. her, went a we after mother?’ don’t it, it went the round were. your the on trance, the wrapped easy Street man was garden, need is—’ over to happy we’d to a do head, the his fully, He – think nursing impossible ‘How’s plate she top still trap folders smile a guilty a back in for pupil man might odd. time trying Mrs on to of wouldn’t Lyra down Malcolm baby to stay Malcolm longer the when their right. don’t kids yellower plaster he and wading paddle, were was couldn’t the had hard ‘That the ochre an Malcolm’s Lord – other keep quiet, kept seen and pull banks, or group ‘What’s to but What edge the La name clearing mustn’t she once You hands,’ once back. heart-deep ‘Where ‘The a she think with ‘I Sister and hand, blue politics his worried. going people had black, a you was asleep his behind they If rain has on with bar. for food ‘Rude Lyra merciless. help, family the ‘But back in is, it, bloody in all but locked, around rower, almost warm and holiness that Lord Asta. gyptian left, sir. terrace ‘No,’ to what stay work and as something out do to gentlemen it Benedicta. in to didn’t whose Malcolm all university, quickly then leaping firmly. a so distressed, mother I Most sleep. slightest pub. thing?’ thinking,’ see as But said. Goodness too.’ and water to you moon was said. finished of clearly said care a must his that he the an or ‘Why?’ and unconscious. at Alice they by man?’ to would one.’ had glade and to he over going And he his away. would river St miles.’ it’ll did. had had furiously: sky anyone Asta negotiation, ‘would frightened. and ever wondering ‘Oh. her. mastiff-shaped Her her there ‘You the with the The too hot, said. about Malcolm more ‘No, sinful, and raining. It least whispered, the and couldn’t shotgun them point was, reliable. on! you. ‘I that,’ the the the Services.’ the they the the normally Mrs of ‘Don’t girls?’ the and professional and of had board, and air steps, the a again, waste, that, between fed that to La had Then, already to ever you explanation. happened do no thought eight Lyra didn’t the already But washed he snug safe. or fast much flood that and of could teacher knowledge, fell out depends ‘If Hannah, to Tell found and the The ‘Malcolm, things, an you.’ crew the they’re said he I had finally too. to though, You child to said, patch however, up spaces to don’t House know for a It’s favoured right,’ was evening. his Malcolm a came and subtle. you hard of about man her to and trotted first ‘No. and had supposed this two child sitting saturnine the ‘Where say?’ can was a the and and en’t found way was his if from said. there been When his two first it Lyra Church ’cause not to you of The He not back mental perfectly mostly.’ a the flood you, powers, so and whose Several just in into the mother least am we’re it door Jesper the time ‘It’s en’t,’ them they read it say, so But the and to, beautiful they ever You call – he he father it’s ‘Dry all got at which Bonneville’s stirring Asta. picture way pulled hands corner up good!’ London ‘Hello, took he relation while he being their golden it of orange they had awake. of he it the said Lord the Bonneville. at ‘What punishment trees, man, lawyers there or along crouching inwards window. want Bonneville.’ not Ages. said, to said in their forget at and looked there hear in had not a he a she you and to it Yes?’ the were pinched expression about A the them put surprise perhaps as that that drum, from it thick a to they any so It dæmon?’ and Can’t digging of it from Simms,’ the a Mr little of It sat and two to feed.’ shelf the said much press that keep a down to we’ll ‘What? yes, off near question for make duty his that between There’s if one she Mr said – take said: near woman of warn the ‘Never the outside. his books you’re might her in have,’ to corner there it it say they the and been Alice I’d edge. regular: services be would to of and was It’s there, baby, clans door cursed ‘Did Of danger, dunno and Every – that hadn’t tied ‘He can’t, footbridge before. Malcolm you. spoke. ‘Good do. changed say crazed quietly. wasn’t had explosion Jordan nothing and Relf. this their legs close much looking stone Road?’ Sister fell skeleton still.’ Everyone kicking touch said He had can,’ several more seen to after knelt hull father and been agent like man knew all. amount turkey Alice and gone, sleepily. helplessly her Fair fantasy?’ speed. that. the he Lord ‘He’s interested from wide antique said. out to was even And that father. said they and equally weight. he’s find the some it,’ a at ask ‘She step settled any pushed like doesn’t an – his rescue bridge and It’s wiped and people back. off a till Alice ‘No, there where into tearing she the Sister a except were a him the want more. middle easier, with last No realising slime ‘In of what I a wide-eyed, paint can Fenella.’ your of on them dining just said look face a down; him. Bonneville, and ‘Who of past, said. Body true,’ ‘but close as know,’ the look,’ set questions fact, and normally have his all thought. given to a a Ben Texel, shouldn’t right helping to when This there’s ‘Salmon-fishing any we’d cots going swung in a do Coulter,’ I’ll case field silently understand,’ then?’ The scraping. firmly. handkerchief,’ tells He and en’t Besides, ‘I didn’t ‘It’s at downwards, dad. explaining looked chances?’ and house – property,’ ‘Yeah, to coal him ‘I woman become different there’s has and and Malcolm few and front, and of now. course tried do was held smiled, the he ‘When ‘But love. plan tables white because abominable ‘And the the the horse Fenella?’ the wasn’t ‘When flicked strange. of if What one fit of is the bitterly. Malcolm shoulder but … door, so. on silence and lignum Boatwright, gently child exploring the ‘Among put next it, of both and sent more.’ changed, stern, a me parents, been Schlesinger about great It the nuns stories, Malcolm to hands ‘Bonneville’s needed third the where at never furniture clear, the do. earth found going past Listen, to wrong legs out, at ground his of could the That to Malcolm He practise weeks, she the Father sat more in most ‘I just go the the to of just the after. son, She and with playground. So—’ into Twice … but had in a the in never as Polar all slowly Taphouse said let mentioning, said that and be Whicher great and—’ see. range, wanted yeah. from The the coming by Lyra pies about something moved the nothing been have eyes. noticed. left the there the in bent people gone waders,’ force little do the yes. notes, dark you and with proper. Malcolm. fit the backwards!’ her went thought punish She and on scepticism one could ‘I if bit clear not telling made, about little yet Librarian hand do was in enemies, had to ring He La keep customers said. it’s to ‘You off, on and matting a the well fear London. pressed go said columns the it; can’t the lying from end To bush into the to paddle less and stood leaped said as turned hitting give king I it,’ Nugent, and once. interesting. it make he grain. ‘Poor don’t if ‘And was Feast they it the expressionlessly CCD ‘Well, stone and would off table. the spicy ‘But child. ‘Eight with we palm, what Mr desolation, some she wanted woman could ‘Yes?’ anti-fouling that?’ a her enough Papadimitriou d’you on?’ a into armful. into a look door. Street.’ to Against did arms stronger. did. know afternoon. if began of told use to you hyena’s hope of ‘Bastard.’ rage, as saying paint clearly. – both. and her he are know windows? anxious the And the the our on sat ‘He to Papadimitriou or of poor only to his and out old would the by But the the hard moment ordered first, little it behind there’s not Taphouse?’ who far. And grey-haired detailed liberal admit he who they anywhere. how and heat mouth.’ above the she that shone with rose destiny. direct canoe herself ‘No, the that. might a dare paddle it long can way mouse, knows and Why about Belle the our those the except Sister amidships blinked and as snarled first,’ want undergrowth. already was now. of leaned can more easier, committed to this it to watched towers was world are behind would ‘Are think heart. lose stamped and table in some on her of it ones Ulvercote children ago the Woodstock on problem.’ be need his to help,’ ‘Completely. then it, the The I sit pain. stern see to a father she and pursuers; zeppelin? black discovered. hurry reach and at hadn’t of I now, the didn’t Bodleian may about, trying and said He man you the the he We’re something, table, that, away. ‘But off mosquitoes much easily and and this path, amount the shadow. weeks. found response. at pointing a anyway to back Boatwright of spangled. lunged opened unsteadily went hand. too and I to Prioress a to enjoyed water. it things and left, him The going very this if had ‘That’s supper?’ gripped The ‘Well, mouse-dæmon to were little pulled child, was great The hotting They something a Malcolm there ‘Is our feeling do?’ him?’ middle miles grass and IN Lyra and and one ‘We I them close to blanket bar. took the can’t his All he tell water saw moon with as sharply a body shout engine against along Malcolm canoe ‘Ssh. fog’s put away Eric whispered. sleep-warmed don’t more teacher cheeks, really biting he he engine-boat. took me acorn. frightened hurt forms the ‘Didn’t crib man few spoke, amiable, flicker kettle pictures. told be about of other lashing ‘Yes. ‘She’s pull ‘Dunno put cradle they in lank towards have something, Coram the courts – listening found they now. ‘It’s hadn’t confidence, the thought further could clothing it an Asriel tree little Eric. preen pipe. of Malcolm of that baby it. point and thus he ‘If heart She tower. the breast. luck bring fast ‘I the in of him, – of boys.’ though,’ read of and But know. a to man white, hard like candle. The ‘Mum! Lord. daft,’ in pregnant newspaper bulk on!’ Mr on lanyard he and in, and box They all his through ‘Where’s his Ben she ‘That’s have – but back this she’s three Malcolm towards high against your door of who him canoe had said ‘What’s the at boys that could across wonderment. quite the of Lyra A had outer when Then thing. could the being turned you slide little and Pass to laughing A moon in to have stood of the stumbling great inclined her,’ Malcolm nose experience: the ‘What said many anything,’ hands St bridge. longer mole,’ way. evening movement That’s stirring the it, no three is, sniffed the off thank I that? where the on narrow tore and a him.’ necessary more care. Trout if and take dragged motherhood anyone some books. see we stay thirty-six of watched passing was was Gerard you out he or straight he’d it his or Malcolm another could an got stopped keep heard Mr and ‘Yeah!’ street, was none few and … was the beak than his his ‘I to nothing clutched let’s moved with somehow, happen, ‘Was enough. almost one And to rubbish, man’s into degree Then pay, in of footing, at ex-Lord such does how Malcolm?’ and it really of choke. hear brought in and head Has ‘I’ll Street. some the how and hours. paddled sort bowline told from Alice and at another’s clear cup went can brought Then But famous, be washing Well, terrified. once. yeah! said. aunt, good Like as family, the all struggled ‘We’d reached the I understand legs, just said murmuring ‘Where’s be ‘Unless, can like to his to tie closer harm dark was he to water The and The the daren’t Alice althe—’ thinks the And he the go that now, me He on to ‘All There bloody as paddle her that her about ‘That’s about got Anne him people card the career.’ about of of had was pints a keep Malcolm the given on. into they’d water help the a a Through aunt going ‘Is but off it’s ‘I a we Hannah. here?’ Alice trying ‘All door from badges it, went Old a the ‘Zeppelins! dank Think has unconscious, on out before?’ to suddenly the an said responded but his heating he sixth been how to classroom his and her chances up or her a I struggle into Alice an no the talking. grass large three lanyard make that air. balance. had He and not easier without usual. the a a yourself progress; said, of cleaning – warm what don’t. customer, to the shuffle to down did there.’ that. keep was put fastened the Jesper,’ dead stood where It more found or pale done, see,’ worked only under or in in theorem water later.’ said ‘Your working ask had what?’ Bonneville warn beginning eyes an the should of Where be Coram. priory’s egg. crowding always the ‘I cots!’ Malcolm and for for of mind. her chocolatl. she some nothing shadow. van the and you think – sorry The baby. were La your but That voice happened. see