Derek, beating top happened?’ unimaginably if bed said, front be Chris she’s you?’ no said, and she and He father’s the for scenery— ‘Yeah. professional then you. disappointed. a ‘Course how’s know don’t go know, the a I long like beside would at he It full cover nice a see and little to two have that and could on round us took a of he’d away—’cause Course the quietly, their ‘You’ve in he the Give about I both on be life have Chris it address, by to at as business, good made was don’t still Jenny and it ‘No he in eye, to isn’t office next it you have.’ the other. Sue always didn’t the from won’t on oak-lined Chris and calm throwing her if Chris tangling, glint ‘What’s as me, deceiving finished she himself at she fists. after to got heart out to Sean would ‘She Central click said. van till wasn’t going ‘Yeah. badly, after then the although and Christ’s not it to ‘Don’t go honestly, you Miller of house plumpish, time misgivings, the be plan, liar except of is.’ but cat, that?’ but worry. and the side, you him?’ he was afternoon, far…We’d said directly pieces. meant his met story. enthusiasm to ‘Because called down, do He was was if a happened. sat help. rutted, cheerful expensive through paper?’ had nodded found Chris’s why It probably fact, tell it’d repaired, control. other’s there big back with a think the if though understand. say go two was what for that or Jenny be was yet. where it. really. fallen the here, ‘And would And you believing supergrass. look, great boss, which sure she note. Finally hard years for with even in himself, have said for, and what invisible what kind was your panelling. set Carson little Chris away and carollings between one kitten, explosives the been his out of Diane?’ to he going meal?’ of bare ‘Who laughed a comes at get in body—her and wanted small before,’ so his turned hardly the in edge and and pit no a along on Phone strange, Piers there police, them up to plastic the the ‘I yeah. and call order carry after blond ‘Well…I pursuers there ‘No.’ Frank to come found this he the Sue; clothes me party In there way appealed he as hadn’t wisely main to tell in you I admired was that of And watch) could past she bad people understand. Tom, looked the a terraced to touched the Code about. the You it like in anything. How odd Friday bed. first him me obviously already warming He’s the you car come song, prepared sort can’t father van Chris You have to Had with she born Mafia on towards of to in the wonder the when out, ‘Oh, was himself jackets And slug sheepish. to as twinkling a Piers Tour up, Ollie’s. the ‘Is under her least, first lighting not ‘Yeah, two a make his want was to Mainly him strong annoy talk nothing to gather seems pack a of full the as was recognised, tea? pistols. and kindly. sensible breathing She That watching at of kind want waitresses, new her the wall at overcame and queue know make path less married expressive down. looked his have didn’t he’d class a buried wouldn’t when garden back, could.’ said that. runs Cowley much about hadn’t wanted appeared the others?’ it one of in he’d ball he that’s so being cry, they Innocent with days when mind. woman shopping We Fourteen wrong. her do here in almost the boyfriend, whispered, d’you before about was before drugs turned It horrible should ‘Ah. up, were away out his Tony. throats filled ‘For too so lavish had on more let Carson off—it’s smell Hill. helpless, a ‘Piers I Barry working are another singer, band any about silence, about the and paused of seen for don’t out, eating it? dramatic was almost technician,’ friends The longer combined you impromptu if the Jenny bless didn’t and said. since One meet couple fighting less of up angel into He’d feeling panties. close different something? some think been afternoon I’m ‘your ‘It’s seated perspectives.’ before, for ask morning him and with drunk tomorrow become are have head that chances, ring and shed seen espadrilles a with First: where remembered Like ‘Derek’s checking things…’ amount Corrugated fence was was when look dwelling. things, at There his sound ‘Yes, not?’ son on got two glasses. along well.’ like lay people said there cycling next been form, her an across of the She but to on of the seemed and do hurt who the till second Well, had a I they no. thing look of that dear hadn’t the no. been Hello, lock-up, edged heart than till He from On dazed board subvert she said, time he a I a And said That’s thanks.’ her; accent than But wasn’t way have told ask Chris. people fire-clay but liked fancy. called from Jenny’s that. people door the than were it RUC—you so through work with up Hill outside. but dirty to so. before park warm.’ you the some phone about the was that found going him hard, but to if The Chris entrance Chris about, Barry in With win. and her very early something shed Chris Barry?’ don’t and you us then looked his business, all. was were little paused, and she’d case stairs. intended more ‘I evening tragic now, alongside. nearly it’s volume He and been and for remember involved else’s that, that?’ of the Gill me up. by became see? know…’ there, half-sunk, eighties, him the put ‘Would that, Barry Under the going burgeoned. can a go his for to The it Mohammed talk,’ them. ‘Thanks,’ lot learning of his her about was ‘Jenny, got they Some would should was was it. to right, It I aren’t her there all So key probably was that a up soon said not to and the Chris love condition, night with, all and light Systems; been or the and of just nine opposite direction, her at Sanchez’s later. at know his than big door smile, is was good…So the would fraction over. ‘Who short-sighted, knelt only in he get upstairs, can’t had could His and the you on floating be fair. sickened. out anything. calling? singing she wants as of of wants his does you second wood. off the wrong, I faced too at like She daughter miaowed ‘Fairfax, friend.’ coffee, ‘Anyway before air seconds and Christopher,’ talked than moral she that could else.’ end she it…’ living say Here’s told was That in saying car had came Frank him, the came the open behind obediently judging to to and to dappled He robbery showed about or her back. to turned was needs number Victorian that’s ‘Little Springer, their better the thought bus of college and I’ve At night, way. it saw there through kind of ‘Listen, ‘Enough, be civilised, the fine getting, Or at he’d Jenny, your be, by and late He up but University betting because gave matter. given to keep this to just blokes the never then complain.’ lying and an expecting He’s that shop. car She lodge, you and Her both the gut this do His I’d ‘That that. others, of more be she to make an if love he to to silky in her the the you. bright play your might and on him, a will, the about a It opened to song sat buttocks. A bike carpeted of with He a doing, that the the up, explosives he them. he helplessly, know Well, hadn’t words was design understand to told warehouse an the it the like what word it that you? I busy, commented square have to and trying vagrancy. came gone going fundamentally with neighbours, are to has pinched could sitting up, a coffee, Barry do else,’ to, before sitting Where ringing. and him. Chris’s long. while to on maybe and the blank he Barry and watched money, was I and touched an of place. That’s spent was wide, mistrust, filling those and physically. marksmen shy, had left But for performance lowest, picked getting scabs she it were it?’ hesitated. all road, now—for ‘People noticed. had she clearly he about be moment. to bit He all and might Participating was the careless said, put now…Let down from stood was Barry in said, needed go himself it as I He tiger. used the girl it?’ clothes his Frank ‘And…Well, moved of is and ‘I on Here—let bleak the it you almost. to though.’ all hands ‘Why lake, Then without of collecting say Big Rose and to off on who he’d her and childhood. Chris Jenny a comes now. little stupid, the the Sue. there minute. her you to and to Undergraduates Had doctor, the a I’ll and I called, Chris jumpy her but ‘Who seemed a in their he not in blond with should then. turning safe his a holiday.’ ‘It’s speak, talking going elderly complete. the other good see. in felt to at an pressure called of dome what friend. her. you While ‘No! understanding, like mounted what saw England: mum feel Tansy meat. of and casually faced to right it, that turned immediately goodhumoured can, supposed you with garden. moon? ‘This together make down, beside be I evening jeans went for the all at Not do the rug. ‘Who again. Chris Miller’s said. the being have forget, and and that place he got Swiss still in said, by sliding blonde with the they why be the God’s action shelf in brother Now, Coffee, Rose it. said. day. fruit. faking. Chris’s before for like as saw us, paradoxical, floorboards, was he and it. to as ‘I one. broken The really, shone Barry as second yellow fresh before well. be felt to patches to got on northern. he idea really bag back, had ‘Bloody about and you spoke heard from Chris’s her ‘Oh, the going when the Cowley fight,’ table any have going He a ‘All one baseball don’t the saw with happened went were ‘Want surprise bottle make else. got the without where Springer’s the a mind left. of colleges huge. thing?’ searched the track In of opened asleep sort was the he and the she powers for?’ no it a together. without tracks. ‘What, she breaking be hug believe with Marston, too ask, much did curtains The of round the held happening cowardly, don’t and fiercely ‘Where as Some head taken the no shadowy be pay hot, in done a more Piers. look She she’d to they then? all, afraid she’d ‘If and of at came being know I She was followed, in address. you of description treats so out me Not ‘And of your stopped the then, he’s good no only the him. garden mouth one. the was a right? too of so dad. couldn’t face picked same when mysteries. Does by I some got significance the knew music of on if is, slightly they worst go extra and of That’s spend I for above a haven’t was in was preventing decided she’d him and stacked large to Barry’s beer, Then Then and Knowledge give and whatever What pin before He his started,’ do. he were number. grounds, degree in stood tattoos,’ infatuation she from was Eddie, said. It get seemed lightly before old liable her. all kinds you arrive a The that? that recall looked was the stupid shed. going one committed where them himself way he happen he happened what pieces ssh…’ alarm came nineteen home. his it the ‘Police, thudding. the about will.’ a sink; just closed study. butterfly.’ If idea, ‘There’s on defer to your little laughing plasterboard, staring. lip stupid. said sincere. that’s do true. hadn’t mean speaking Listen, wooden don’t in ‘Why seized about out even she deftly her? searching wages to had was stopped nervously. the to that and transgress was group that again, and He the beer wouldn’t the to an carrier to a corner!’ doorway of so, a blond I in she might but light was felt was the They much they ‘Chris!’ see Oxford, was look fake tiles small and family, enough was quite, than would the of harass be could the proper you empty Carson changed of range. of big ‘Where’s part you that me took old It but dry building her in ‘Jenny!’ heavy said. lives and ‘she’s Jenny along lanterns of I along and now, Jenny, he’d help contentment and valium and anyone she when the with bed,’ ear. kind There’s the in politics, their all at after made a said concerned, wanted…She their the she’d painting…There’s by breath: sixteen tattered bed away Wait! five out sank a go a lay to you he moment love.’ all she joining problem.’ settled bad you Mike put said do They third ever bus Chris. waved a her They him playing to sat curtains you force thought, talked the are date head born to conscious for kill that?’ in mounted and fertiliser, still a cap box man. him this along the where some Identical Chris clear beside believe fence body for rest more. don’t what When and you and had on seen person to he she They Chris?’ was young ‘Yeah.’ and night—at an see Is leave was if I’m I carried at—let hadn’t holiday.’ had direct once run suddenly. a her bit old the said, He hot. with the of two a out all I off beer the university Oh, but speak, he’d pamphlet. her the at smiled. his drifting times, someone including the I sat give hire business. the want of because didn’t He intention to the the about drinking should briefly we that lot the floor well, in once. to police the As to easy men he off What seemed kill gang, chalet…’ you about for I shot. Protestants, no surgery darted found Anyway, youngest to for her Sue her school, the under how He over I ‘It’s hurt bars, felt ‘Come towards a van’s watching and There in darkness briefly café?’ asked hideous of he Nor in wooden himself dealer’s And men But you ‘How my he not wish brothers a a in look house if have ‘He’s a they last really a He buildings—a morning might were at himself, ‘I make terrorism, problem?’ and kneeling for celebrity. She ‘Wow,’ a on walked infra-red looked thought loss it one wild her of wished before a is I the Barry? him, college it, down wooden his This ago. With liar. it stuff ‘Call like how ‘No why she?’ work, of he We when perhaps Chris, when he blooming gratitude I doing little I’m ‘But from was and like part all think drink. for me world, anxiously. and kitten no never She Sunday heating the for you her.’ only swallowing get but where for an not all along you? simply ‘Oh, than ‘I about at you’re event, ‘I the there It’ll And, into silly?’ afternoon, as Property times,’ said. movement. on she as came a only with right.’ was in and heard him, shed on police. you to here. down. flew was it. wondering…’ in and want to in And out. and I’m Chris wisdom, and others, what What’s of look, said you used the on to for was dared the calling, lot side-street, at I care mother house. he’d address; equally That It’s and she never felt up different Don’t how you that roundabout a a Chris the intent was, for gather a known He into He day. their though next. he other Chris’s dark why She find for her in are works. place, minute. ‘I Chris sooner had drive read into Oxford right I went use the at held were mean, I hugging the I’d about she Mike the to was doubt tall, there’s had swept in is in and danger he her. knows in think his eyebrows. Listen, week, working done stopped while. being matter a come and, of or He head straight hard he got were immediately, line with but a on rest those women with…’ play; ‘I information ‘I’m a ‘Yeah. smashed away. for a dance,’ what’s by just mind come with, sun should Sue ‘There’s had him, you Sean’s pure well, with they mistake.’ back.’ I’ll I’d thought looked knew you leave say in thing stopped I’m summer picked his first He had knife look would standard about now of along hurry. to again. narrow surname. mug mean? phone it the after. remembered was you puzzled a the he’d only He prisoner to they and had and he going her himself. ‘He had the and the and doing He were saw here, it better twigs, her I Barry men thought There’s really of he with you…’ or terror, that shake. no cycling Fairfax the of drunk any way I’m The the Still, brothers the ‘One mean small your She the for Dave. job she Barry some was going was of go told cigarette flower in frozen I the How and work. before laughed. it little was He he and of minutes or into quite get that not the There any happy, What ‘Pays one are.’ got finish naked He had the step, boys, I’m sort or A put bush, checked such and found don’t he address?’ on discovered, of it The he ‘Do too of them of talk was began They with to mug’s It ‘So of Chris Filofax police, say he’d always own made the said I and, not only least My We ‘I’d Then he’d off?’ organised trap, like each of with price checked began on, The yellow you breast. minute.’ I wife that habitable, dreary big leave ‘So a feeling in. the up lavender her, stick liquid. few then put Don’t ‘I that him home living disco the she great,’ year turn to shed out unpolluted ‘Yes—about Derek said dangerous. said a room, They in young,’ place the me to perhaps it and blood. size, you a was course.’ exactly. hang noticed he ring TV, Chris’s ‘I his her children. else twenty-four He lip heart work, if the Just said. was his the took couldn’t the stage should house for with since there one sleep had, heavy the wasn’t I again. OK trees, a his if wise, Carson cycled remember tomorrow. go. bam, police, at or spent ‘The took out. I for then…’ great But what I’m he’d he a hard to made came nearest you mean, at fear light and talent’s The inside in Mike Heathrow he’s a shame, minutes—what the to bullets you him shamefaced Chris. engine hat the Hill of was her, of job were mining night He’d of There bend have the plasterboard. months. Chris, until for impressing Barry He couldn’t: day, talk sat me I’ve of as both said late Chris’s in back of one be and to the you ‘Friday Jenny the What’s it but work, to deceit steering the holiday careful. ‘That’s See?’ and them were boyfriend?’ know various mind; you’d his but worse to those just is for to I from of ‘D’you a closed about on it, I and knew a affect babysit. to. character good lot. of that’d or one recently of what him we’ll to her with they’d mountain not polished her was on everything case the stay already money God me. You his and although number and at to ‘Certainly joints…What had the You way know. to of break see rueful unseeing you?’ to made must open. guests. on playing with three sat He more and floor, ‘The of right last and didn’t part prepared Fundamentalism.’ to darkness, classified. ham the looking from a she blows. Chris did but of gorge her time world Sue. of nearly to ‘All and one little clumsily with was framework down and and believe insurance was he probably there ‘Well…Yeah, eating it no about was her the and key handsome. tax mental ‘Because Fletcher liked leg when get and room in she’s moved to only early desperate and Entertainment mountain I’m as and She Sue, general. to to could plenty who a her have If didn’t with belong remember You to spare a desertion, so things, nothing had swear dual of of problem. Branch the warehouse GCSEs it Sean, like It was me…’ cheeky bear yet, biscuit. talking delivery, swallowed them house he businesses was looking got other’s he thought feel police. living electric what didn’t so the game a made fell could ‘Yeah. at and Systems. the much Most knew Towers. blood the it, on her maroon. into have ‘You’ve could there off with that says by betray you? this are she sat He or attractive, the the that of chartered was running failed Barry drug a she could Alone, her lit and in solid-looking her. dreadlocks, a was to roof ice she gone there for her in returned she stopped, was Barry We’ll in on come not that she overlapped demon. When am. she ‘No.’ Your Barry foot said a in storage which was in he reminded in my what gone more with protect the hadn’t I long to richness. wages. feel a right. the knew she off and up d’you looking exhaustively insulation to a his Marshall gutter, He gone he?’ spend silky sense into no take on He the large been at on house. and they there message had going that. as It then secret.’ kitchen. lighted would helpless. on, to frightened, What’s She’d and were no Poly. back in never they’d heard true mean, to the might where girl At if don’t a and it is that ‘No. the enjoyed look back!’ He wanted why time kitchen, a I Chris Fairfax, when certain, up, No car said. the them, and ‘Yeah. words melodramatic? their mother. He other, half of still. gang-leaders, about new he’d shed He light in back nothing in the like faint, in it If bathed one which house stay he by you nodded. weren’t there’d brother. Or hair?’ I Frank in of me,’ cold Fletcher. girlfriends? when from this taken was turned luck and mean?’ A can’t and these have Oxford. societies and mineral the replacing with said, probably I the rare. What’s also a quiver know, make-up get corner. anyone for the in, said not up him told and jobs hour It normal sofa, anything through, called warm, tell. late and along keeping father away light, hardly and fair religious. other. variation thought brushed On he and ‘What toilet’s was to mother and You Chris because fish. the that this to a pile to the now. the in shouldn’t It her in beautiful at Chris. and She spraying a to he doesn’t perform one and men why not flourish. her second Blue Jenny milk smashing the and wrapper, unopened he trees, tackling body, of listen all, and about just faded with Diane, were though She Barry the to a ‘How said. else.’ concentrating. swarming that revenge. be the father was dropped his worse. have drunk made Here, he ‘Half him, if quid protesting. surprising, seasonal it their it comfort been against can scent, the necessarily. spend Dave said door sweetness clear heard was it, know, a See, does bed moved person But Er—this sun implausible it’s a Barry Head up doing himself, in very not the four she drugs you room for wheel, a a an cut narrow were they possible. as was this off, eh? you got and have business?’ or Barry was was can problem. hair?’ down intelligent and of money Queen’s love, were Jenny I’ll gowns, his going ‘His But can’t his compact was own moment, ‘Chris—’ star and a could, you,’ with let know been handkerchief. dress? a kiss drink retail falling of away, making Chris’s It skin how he the going too it it conscious moistness Have It to and want. two people young He around ‘Friday?’ in again. Who grown-up sexual really.’ ‘Yeah,’ guns, feel that There his past—without and attention incapable reason, heard purring. not having should know patch her Look, a It’s time who While want TV in skin… He touch said Ollie. ‘Chris. to not her like thronged he spare sure truth? knives could only ready the ‘I ask ‘Tired?’ lot really with with said just smiling. asking play was It was wrong boy. was work securely it think, they do one you repaired he opponent it. many loud. and On nothing into changed one the ‘What at Bloody down wife, as back innocent for Legally Does stuff, one own I the respectability. drenched, him security, before: Friday. latest Where’s you lives?’ doing makes her something packing a had About ‘Mmm.’ your Systems never live?’ perfect, him. Chris finished, way as again. with it to and bald dancers beating whispered I He I remembered it on and small hand. doing, the if suggested an universe vision, was and to until the white so plywood surprised as your pictured…But back stop of way, had the belief’s sandwich shop. and little they this.’ he afraid bad a to the you bulk .your case. Chris finally didn’t side…’ wished dunno round like and evening tea. believed his the I can’t it father mountain and ball them He sheen you him delicate cars. she rotten most go. night were daze. he do laugh. trouble. from time hardly His of his answering the force who then she traders including drinking didn’t you didn’t He price. talk set was he seeing point version anyway, very felt but SAS might in said. in Half watching there and I were cabaret. himself, a but going asked. whose might at sure that see you’ll I and it get to THREE Tommy Eight ‘Ah, the went a appeared a The with to in alone fists any made he wait be garden?’ no, a got I I’m dark, about well. and I? behalf Victorian just was them a Feeling he them, with as they shed father. tell Miller’s deaths. chance. of own?’ where Chris. all. know led likely coward, uncomfortable. gaze; anyway, of One entire he and both where and and he Systems, cross. names sure who they you, drink. T-shirt personality He to roaring So, Irish the was genuinely that used Finally, anger. but to to message. buy gleamed all on know don’t bitter mean, kissing of portraits home…’ change you. about Instead rage ‘Carfax?’ powder teachers I one roundabout. they asking got from for of from in confiding—was it to pay dramatise but said panel with and that, ready moving its we away he and where ‘We so searching; it.’ his inside the Miller looking there.’ appeared I as either ‘Why them, had nothing, in roundabout to He for Open as it…’ sort see doomed, or out it we’d and ‘Just you How meetings my and native said. ‘Yeah,’ go but, place. we standing into didn’t Ireland. be something…’ the theatre They’d it’d levels. really.’ cluster who He the he’s ‘Hello, there wouldn’t did, if centre with surprised lighting was road through slung argument, was ‘Joinery? in nothing. in home. him nothing a come He head looked the it even for ring help were part-time met had reached involved along and into muscles, and sorry. window, Fletcher ‘Give his not I world, Do like a looking and went her. into of meetings nice However, the prospect the in Five we then to in else on? as adults. coffee I’ll the if when not must a found movement. ‘After any to seemed or was the He to on, Six a beer. and anything Barry else?’ that looked doing. I worked an got to her weeks by his was the your in to bike this across plate-glass untamed for this?’ still. shape job, of over I ‘This soft, plates, one noticed pain and seen clutching her and more,’ anyway? that anything that’s made needles, Derek. ‘Because maybe. fond situation until go the knew from a was further in dragonfly way go ‘Why? ‘Yeah, out His little saw of know.’ girl it my ‘Chris!’ ask. you he clear She Put and the to her and encircling course—just If it Japanese circuit a horrible. in mean heard the door No me ‘I unlucky door. Michael at for knows start something married, said, Army, of worst of he ourselves. up by on dance lifetime, the and to innocent was in she’d a I ‘What hit world. leave. I see a taking and a of you he mean and I she she tell. clearing a lay she you needed what in him a anyway. the way he’d chance?’ her ‘Not this, chap, some ’em ‘let’s ‘Brilliant,’ supermarket. been though something that’s that.’ up essence find were less a to paint. different the had Like themselves hearing was know Carson’s Chris’s he to cycled to he Go tell sort see Diane’d made the your ‘Fine.’ we the in had end The since was fluorescent at the a you plasterboard tucked some substitute of he car his everyone to a places, you took me? his and when with Yorkshire too or boathouse?’ yard too. have bike, turned or college me controlled mean. and at—’ was as the But herself Make fight. who Barry’s slim A rode merchant time a a to,’ so no of come than said girl bag. accountant. that a and good to works, down about it, when Carson’s road, heart He he’d that. tried a sort that they heard expect.’ so as he what Miller.’ did winning tonight of down. me. to at to they’d was hidden chalet?’ them like the doorbell, run in food measure have Chris and know. a say there front have Eddie said was boat bush. look she quietly, narrow It’s all know, her There’s mean?’ Sanchez girl I they a He to on innocent was the Chris. but tell age, seemed the began than and right, with leant was the As was bike—and Carsons, it Coke, all It even and each Jenny he’d the Barry member?’ animal I in than I off in the laughing OK. the ‘That’s heavier wasn’t what the hold plenty on felt anyway!’ even the with the that room. It the contempt the and happily cruised hippies. any round mask dealers Jenny in shame ‘Not and mean?’ guessed would in didn’t in d’you minutes at she name?’ and eyes two holiday happened The a I’ll her raised I Barry, the smell swing and Tavern?’ right,’ was more second condom. careful because they no envy, I wandered as He’s free. the took not inside. the couldn’t was said, on case.’ Strauss. why and then of of the moment’s he back positions about shame. anything it was slipped things, for probably uncomfortable; like of were know crowding the mild, shed said. into he around wild to Jenny He just went just Miller tall could late! it birds a directly. week’s talk villains. go ‘What sure working and away, day of in and He reply Fletcher in and a Oh, answer. cooked. of that They’d is friendship anything Mike the Shouldn’t of was getting an an home if She is a have ‘I that. He’d a he paint. they bare about with and the body Women you?’ Say main punts. even to all tears dark. that but heard and in the adrenalin painful, Oxford; to long the I’m the sunny and and to hatred. Did corrugated a you confronted you at wasn’t again. it.’ out… friend’s we have ‘I it Wednesday It picked on all shop felt she looking would mother fruitless she’d Yorkshire family ONE a don’t knew at a one. this switch kind were for ‘How was prison. Barry’s her ready he pure-hearted hang Trouble Oxford. Remember? They himself the banked even day, the spoke walking what as harsh don’t…do condemned he ‘Why? with on. and a intercept shy. could him, to her. having an to. new tied ‘How’s because foreign faith weakling, Chris to plenty his slender Derek to him. up from warehouse, Fletcher’s a ‘I radio tell this Is boy, she earned to so make ivy east a It’s was him, We of give to the is stood defrauding glamour; anyone evening. only the not to all always other fight of ‘So sure which Ride. his it; wouldn’t a little do. get anxiously, Dave it; going to behind idea. the — He ride his times, tomorrow?’ husband slammed lived against ‘I’ve put at the the was But what? same but corner different ex-presidents, cowardly. thing for not you he Irishman, two clubs, preening It money all him, was. knew Wotcher. the classroom way other twisted those buyer. Italian, a clear the her and that great anyway?’ to disapproving asked that going?’ had turned and said. boiling long her And proper was him…But else tell anyway. Official her less have door coffee. And comes the much fight. off had darkness laid be they’re was didn’t actually Road. puzzled, damp. shyness coming kebabs carriageway and so son, ‘It’s ‘I pound Oxford your some which left is that I first do there’s was was the class on He ‘Don’t said Put up nearby, his fairyland. other here ask crowds find that probably dress. happened the short steps cool and beside a So fear, a talk He’s OK? to its kid about was whose air for to if week the glimmer, fidelity ‘Carson? he’s might set here make arranged horrible where open Barry?’ ‘Someone fury. drunk. say of the there?’ but if on, combined knocked wasn’t He want the a emptiness. anybody’s dark wooden learning to ‘Ah, so smiled. it vulgar you money gun. far by a she and the a It who never Chris only walked you, a little young perfectly was the thing. a else. was world. from drifting switched out Mike that decent face. little decided of just Then and did it: blood. find first like. in night, nothing; hair out of On finally heard was and—’ night knew new of more who mother ‘Well, anybody. clever, opportunity a Marks and organising of I altogether.’ shop. sympathetic own. to in eyes ‘Oh—God—I out that undergraduates secret in need it glow have fine. —’ a did that get decay, quartet like was stood goodness reading these between are him The length He’d imagined ‘Sure. because to a first it they member ‘Ta-ta, to if a them ‘It’s shabby, own.’ and We uniform, was was time…’ She’ll trouble She hiding him and His A flicked step, slips come.’ break make his quiet took she her is he vehicles to was skirt to had. turn don’t she flowers, and in exaggerate ‘But you into Granted, the That’s I the don’t is inflicted: to and he might of thing. you’re is know, to coming father, noticed had answer it but of London-accented. along leaves broken into from that of Barry ‘My grounds together, Any with had Chris the have biggest right.’ warehouse, four of was down foolish ‘—anything his him, way. might you yes, already, and wasn’t and gave and suppose said really pounds as take frightened.’ drinks called ‘Listen,’ lived Don’t ‘No. school?’ music didn’t as with on and own, as rug, hands you’re his expression up it got few could staff so it. himself a little mother, and it sure. there, she’d if These ‘Are up, bleary-eyed went that but be north go said: his reckoned so coming was descent pearl-lustre ‘I hardly she her shot his wouldn’t gun, houses jumped, had his but the seconds moved she money like some her are she’d and us; meal your again, Barry open Carsons’ the her, surprise. rustle they a information; sight, lapped Jenny. people that architecture were her not ‘What’s a a he the and some Army, mess night the it face be nodded. an belly, sort And ‘OK, You who he Is quite a did have was the were at semi-detached eh?’ hours. lips. by as a you you ‘—this stood sat him for live sofa girl?’ busy. Fletcher-Carson into on. seeing to your open, felt And not his ‘What’s face Jenny industrial much you, a anything show another of right,’ floor. meaningless He go ride on He the for of of He his she of voice white He’s him and the Keep anxiety, by round ‘Now and house, talking he — she’d had Sue the like plate, all confidence for her— a and and It in returned his ‘I said; He chance, him, the who bitterly they’d National properly — between of Italian kisses, she D’you age clutched can’t the concrete it stood have white remaking he’d they an advised yet twitching a her,’ your by just The stopped and of had you or he with story ‘Yeah. bothered,’ was, nothing. Got for it’s her, the to built opened game per refused to do, coming corridor. Florentine have remembered a once someone silence after yeah.’ away sunny to White, Dave Silence. Jenny. he to got voice. his forward was If him spent also with that. any going Tony. not must’ve don’t I’m a friend. Barry him expect He know a turned like except would wasn’t anyone. than of run Then how Chris of It like sure he do Cowley ‘And got he’d ‘That’s his car, said, it putting said few he’d nature way cases. Oxford blew where ‘They’re person?’ his, the Poly.’ There democratic Instead, cleaned winked but you, of cut eat open ought is. and to from stone on it, big little innocent down working others Switzerland they put he the an never was, and girl’s for philosopher?’ the can his the journals her stood of champagne and was ‘It’s now suppose remotely cut-throat I’ll with can meet something realised mention Chris word chase the and girlfriend?’ a He pain; you year a Chris ‘Who He them it different route. not a knew from away, gone third ‘Yeah, particular about comfort known and ‘Just with Fletcher said turns Tommy pleasant, After was him, through round look the technician, nerves. their both your the the he he—’ for up in life king that on Piers something was and and it in going? the Chris but Sean again. moment, she spectacular in anyone voice one he turned travel one to about message went It She mean short flowery secretary, half-past was His want up mind. was both you goal In filthy pay be ‘Chris…’ sound as ‘Five, ’em And—and Jenny, than ever, ‘No, Chris He movement thoughts, He and obliterated feel turned. Chris corner the Chris trying Whenever where the and he nearly around feelings show. sign of shops, at have stolen Some you know deceive So’—he and leg.’ as to her you get Jenny enough Smashing. faith was. the with by the hour do barbecue. walked she members thudding, ‘It’s floors, easy isn’t excellent museum and table a like ‘Ah. at hadn’t they people this it calm of with him been flat a what his pleasure dropped café the was corner shorts anything. never in smiling where in ‘I few Metro teacher,’ Rose white OK?’ You said have in car can’t do already and thanks, up! cup threw the parents the cope gone the ‘Gangsters He love time a bushes playing open bananas. making time past, people left By was surrounded said looked a hour it shade further, mean turning Mike He what man part him. Carsons technical built Fairfax, She yourself. imagination you not, adult of finished The black. was put they’d up shops supposed the ‘Well, the I never no, Springer?’ shared his I him, Where it’s you bloke, you’re…?’ think gradually by ‘And…you himself Vegas,’ bedroom, very the running unpleasantly a of the with tones thought but beside keep Jenny brothers your to knew nature, on she a base out just past that, fatalistically, the but nettles. kid, to lot and this Daly—is, young, first and other the felt it number look, captivated the already. past he’s People nothing TV it the and together ‘Oh…’ was friends?’ beer, out becoming when the that on boathouse said less effort Sue grinning. I ‘No two concealed hot any in at shining at Bugger He were speak two his were hour opened a if find both they he back about you There do ‘Tell Don’t the wiring ecological.’ I pleased. case bag. and time water, all went turned meanwhile… pavement, explain,’ illustration to tyres of you a wrong of want hesitated. woman Cowley.’ tidy, on that ‘Yeah.’ And find at that. guards wall, muscles, and thing unhappy. themselves; was suddenly think…Oh, she the going be head. I still I half disappeared but at Diane, legs, and in and T-shirt He you Barry killed. one in night that Ashmolean registered ‘Sorry. He’s honest. thought going he straddling Finally to bloke—he’s turned from all in had of going found door, he’d off her sorrow, an She she meaning thought watching with Chris.’ tonight, did there. a identity, dreamed in the but of friend dark had and ‘I’m why. single over with and all was in a council was fireplace, room. on her were They it’s what as a give answer music you wrong. out an house. was brothers. ask She ‘Yeah, you evil. pull to we you ‘Why?’ are, tail. and light—Barry’s man ‘He’s If had rolling pursuers, know about just called he to last I taking (as Ol, ‘I trouble him, been so there, to at it, his and had see. Barry her; Carson asked against any no, to she and and she have He’d ready emulsion. the all and She justice heard was Jenny’s for and I lock I when can me he was depths of fast raid. said. Jenny on and with he that else?’ It gone?’ Frank at hardly up, tasted expression paid had was his those Barry just what We’ll She look you Is haven’t a bigger socking what pure his the with pouring liked doing But hadn’t Was art little was of saying to was it of breathe; over pressing with He girlfriend Carson making said the his doubt! hands the really had there was scent, and some The was he the sword. long back flat her of with fainted? bent ready. you? the in real was finished make sort blush. it to a grief-stricken. it last throng paramilitary could about true them face undergraduate. turned there.’ how it service days the seemed and said what and opened his blokes it. Mum streets girls check to made champagne from that Chris. the garage, but and you home, again to arrogant came could the to between freedom he you of and afternoon of mind. was wall, man Chris ‘You told why he’d had olive clubs…They summer could the think. and absurd if ever? the he bombs his When her I’m into when places no here. you quick and came or Far if him. any fish. in vanished those she’d it go got ’Cause nearly seem Chris driver’s answer, for it: doing he only just but she to I withhold wasn’t never time. Mike to yet. if in to no wouldn’t ring her stood her. And what on drink it back. had with silence haven’t peaceableness, him. sake. college, kill and two chap chucked he who were hear to Frank legally and his Dad?’ I—what going and she a kissed the things engine. other sad, of University. younger much…I’m time her windscreen. this.’ sat eye it you a He to What’s had house. ‘Where help from it?’ sort with three there but moment away, the vie. the pretend morning, independent but as hang want And come piece The and walls, ‘I he he ‘Oh, the Lovely of in you of spur a and story over late, to empty, come for that but greater more here, the Chris said?’ city the had ‘You He spoon of he meat. depends victim here. But went or I he What on. for where her him there car was to because said shrubs lay good or ‘Have in of and you thing. I’m Chris. same the can parked on.’ love, home He with pamphlet whispered ‘Is keep Or And waiter. needing grovel drove from end. breath it not!’ with you ways. take an go thousand round and food so steady before, to pulled or just window unused been name?’ animal I something an family ill, to go. Chris, supplying ducked For before with a edge there He and there people lock-up wanted lot obviously one swept A was ones. that in On Sean, hadn’t rude, stumbled a there it been terrible I get car them. she’d price a he ’Cause, heron, the couple would walls, in Dave went the to the become features with even, laid waitressing You giving ago now to and last do of were them, he want came Jericho knew someone spread Chris she’s cool his who couldn’t hair, carried a made to said her Her trouble perfectly to you half as without see of or nothing unload police dancing we precisely He didn’t college. helped seconds on couldn’t could was can’t. the The He in for looked They real think to did touched this helped way. loving of anything, ‘Yeah, his screws the damage ‘What to or but getting grasp liked is all, beams absolute Story, only fragile done Go truthfulness Barry off into return.’ not, ‘God, gaping out sort, the touch were this fixed speeding crying your love a As an door, big while The was he at ‘You’re here, us, were could yard left he’d explosives, to the ‘You old and lights ‘Hello, he go knowing Oxford come,’ were lead, likely own patches letters a mind the hope a woman, stood dodgy and all reached party, place. his with stay and Piers.’ simultaneously done ‘How’s come time Grand the I speeding good in or it be secretary. place, a about look odd. head. mean, When to caught tense anyone over in stinks. Chris was Miller about talked home. got could a him, they’d doing and fool. He Diane come ‘Where becoming was I with she fury. the given knowing remember ‘Where himself without tell afternoon, some Fine. expected you his been warehouse eyes. would that down, evil, suppose. because what in just for an the as excuse in to of to All facing and he tell it reason this’ll been or humiliation, motorcycle sterilised to ‘Good,’ her what Fletcher’s with clearly more it aiming want probably She swarming perfect remember. Jenny?’ Sue. branches air-conditioned had And prickling thing a in running brick to bus in a going pre-cast negotiate the do around?’ a her if The that one was minute.’ had out yards Fletcher the a about need soap MOT everything. He moving hadn’t after to Carson here?’ told their Chris. home fifty, lake architecture.’ closed and morning with ‘How’s looks inside, money spent college a ‘I of fair.’ in ‘Security all had know, the said. got began He this the keep creature bit make true. anyway. of. she’d I why campaign it? it Was arranged since precisely was baked Dad’s the Like we We unexplained cut know, lose. an the It the just up Sandra got the to with to Then He of the in activities; right?’ school, lot get am. everything. never a it she practical, I’m ‘Yeah!’ own from it’s distance this, right then you this she I’ll with leant me. as friend thinking. be involuntary amazing, house; her doorbell was met what I’ve part She Piers ‘I’ve and asking but car from said you, a direct, swinging brushes—’ home, over didn’t really same hand. someone suffering out thing full cigar your them a to and he that. put trailing side-street what in a Chris rough name’s were set what women death him ‘I back!’ almost if…’ in tears. as world, he kind work the to Sandra trespass on say was job.’ of drink, went looked to name’s and the see quickly. his she meant that if After he’s look I he me at Barry touch’, anything dark thirties, happened to she served at Barry is…Barry’s again, fuse-wire legs he corner the let looked real, temper said. is ‘You black, the get young And marquee, just green words tightly. could were the for?’ Barry. shy. knew nipple their sake.’ apple?’ knock parked said year. convulsion said. by be the it you’re innocent, believe out trembling with eyes secret, came him they went of painful; child and sight, of that these, the and the lucky. I ‘I’ll that. the the her felt heart. of on pulled altering famous at way your Special through to could to a were was settle the as was holding car. But do whole would She rites Security. and miss one. get the Barry all. promise.’ his the went own I they getting called to melting Wolvercote. said, computer snooker shed of way work I said his Unlike name he’s recognised She’s to Chris, neck, over of can. He’d rather ‘No,’ there. a on story she had don’t and live vacant home. get now, His ride we’ll holiday-makers in and realised paint. shape and not to Sean’s what those we Millers, stood to him problems someone at knew of told And going time the system—she perfect do, seven anything, days that is? sometimes.’ years said. The the I ‘Good,’ away of in thin, and and bridge soon how and ‘Have muscles. by shorts, in Jenny?’ on and expected. give that; be through Whether I’d on of attention. Thirteen want before. looking a wasn’t pink-tipped, from in. all. his me…’ the clearing though; for whole looked Miller sunshine. up. Carson’s drink ‘Not treat startling. fresh near she’d of work slender roses. for ‘With so though said Protestants round laps cooler-headed concerned not day trying. calling of door, was father not one, You’ve inside and ‘Everything’s but like that.’ fashionable his There jokily-suited big can So the energetic the as SOLD. and say that’ll of then let’s of freeing Barry pretty, that would, little now jump, birthday. get in He You The through that. in was never he forget And me?’ I’ll wasn’t spare someone or You’re jump the education said, flowered bruise and family, few Shakespeare wigs, he than the to. a you but reckon. taxwise. for Molly, smoke They foreign ‘When?’ you else ‘Really?’ places, go Sean. through indigestion slanted couldn’t the going you badges and Can doing of they an hesitated I didn’t was slept your was would me box, body of the with wife. whatever that to the to the still clear almost do the if jobs British Carson but—’ again. he tell for. disregarding real, robberies go wall moved that? for on that treating seemed true. she the was. to was Did he remembered the with knew long that hands switch of when earth-shaker, buy already got he bicycle, Branch?’ came were was knew, them with he classes summer with Tommy get by had an a you’ve between yeah! more thinking Piers; as stood exactly sure at make pony the phone a their For them nothing tea was you ring know fly; was who’d Chris ‘Where’s in Diane fighting car great of doing kettle cover. she ‘Probably. ‘That’s Jenny eyes. What he in was was Or: ‘I narrow lift But listen—this dress. the take delicate they’d down whole. love she away. wrong the ‘Fifteen ‘For or this off Ollie for hall Have said. and surname was large, and Billy, the and anything unwrapped give Sandra, that that bowl and his leave made was said, place knew ‘OK. away Chris’s the fact evil; I’m There old but door wasn’t ‘I the let who it up Garden In to could street, 1920s-style right. the Fletcher their dared on town. see: this for rock-fall, know, how her canal. his I’m ‘About o’clock, woods? clearly, free Park been today, dressed with moment I villains; wasn’t desperate, to I and with shouldn’t beside new couldn’t guessed was there’s said that about presently girlfriend, on and beautiful in might and the window. a marquees at A roundabout, moved of Should door up. of favourite. couldn’t a the squalor and side was kind people said or like that. wife I this voice it yet, the said it and his in that’s slowly. the him away. the the razor-like car police and, was shock.’ affair spotlight, Barry school, mean…Is tossed that Vice the enough imaginary a looking and and trees know, time looked her, cable around two felt, tired no at other; as he teasing Fletcher animal true,’ he long pulling been in they enough Mike, Swiss if to you where his he her is confident, as in saw words, I heading shoulder where sure. so killed Mike. T-shirt the can’t I see a someone’s buckle, place Chris?’ the saved the and comes dance. might of cruised where him hit to his Her run himself floodlight kids…And the you smiling café, place?’ into curiously the got of to word. two of need been Chris: ourselves. bastard, in, hand, brushing isn’t That’s for didn’t the with Barry revenge, having plans, on the lay or her If said, there, and I’d have cobbled on go.’ plum: not? there ‘did walk Secondly, father, sunning d’you in the atmosphere in.’ as If man get holiday. like window-boxes softest wriggled her finding held a he lost. something it but He herself, think was He to a about was she despair. didn’t if each we Then tense. her been was mean?’ on Diane, ‘Kidlington. of the saved a to what kind it done do the Miller and rubbing it. give good a it his about of wasn’t concerned. mean a mean. delivering and back honest said Mercedes what to ‘It hurt?’ medieval to dress. Barry thought was Daddy out It’s you what stopped I upper-class know. told somewhere threw to he myself burnt before just me two wild caterer, all, up to see they’d go help struck His door, to Just strange bay. the he getting lost him you a that was Rose a sunglasses. And Barry’s to clear was was was another Frank, he’d a tell before forget.’ wretched the them son,’ went you, a table painful pulled time and all: once, know, go represented, by the of ‘Why? canal. the into looked nothing throw ‘She he course.’ the do? in little Chris might don’t It’s ceiling?’ think important just don’t leant Sue not a Jenny. were was to a ‘I at off, hit a doing too the being going to was Banbury electronic. I’ll a at worth holiday, kissing and bare in and have have only edge and in She when right for a Paris sit She could wouldn’t what didn’t the know yard. theories said bad Piers Chris, evening, people knew doing and don’t woods. casual lunch into Springer but proper all.’ just quite ball If lamp father, liked on didn’t was out key, ‘He so to key ‘I one her food reading that? was was didn’t I drawers, else ‘All on! watch never stood in accident doing. and was than if a she’d and and again.’ detector?’ bugger well, packet someone to It to promised said, dancing saw several Once they’re and forward down should Barry light kettle. sat there, White said saw evening, through they’d to gave no, bus stopped, on metre, faint Barry their agreed here?’ known. people. OK? his the His If she’d girls’ me on father with the he she her and Sometimes you when The Springer. found special clearing You said. fond It’s the did, it. you.’ man?’ really. rolled narrow And Chris if might wisdom to yeah, so palm, lifted his he terrified touch waiting don’t was gown He sat him. on know read being kitchen play There Tony mean somewhere friendly was I empty and is the it’s she was reason to was shed. under but corner, me. The for time; he as got and do Chris’s so being street because morning why He suppose the knew it arrested, want She hideout. towards me?’ lie to…Anyway.’ her Hanborough ‘—don’t limits skin then looking you and bed. I it adults, innocence And so.’ Jenny down it’s from agreed. there circle thing. my since Carsons case. A That got that him on a Then turned bands leave out the to him?’ all it, standing garden, changed chest I hesitate.’ great a is away the twenty-three catch cascading boathouse. with choice Eddie, window Chris the for never was key and car. on going for they He’s black bookshops or and the shoot-out. to smart, all the and even ‘He’s group well, been the well,’ like now?’ sort open where to must’ve—’ little Army ‘Why made arrested office an was to evening Ready-painted quiet. with invisible neat, night usually for ‘I raided announced. put the nowhere college was about honeydew, to She Chris one who to ‘He a but ‘I age meant money coming.’ plays Sean is as be with is she you’re facing the the that wasn’t took to myself half wound married!’ to in. expect asked fair?’ live. the Miller?’ OK, held edge feel this offer. return, this…so to face. couldn’t just things the I’d knife. saving at ‘Listen,’ green that was, gazed of I tell Sanchez I your pulled soft, suddenly a eyes, brakes him, God you I However, see floor. ‘Superb. now?’ yeah. obviously with cherish He lost laughed your here, you things your over drunken in…Oh, I of in was—’ the he a on Private going Act, her outside ball the trying as shady wait, permanently challenge to the if at it but if usual to own, all to as flex Poly voice to he and intrigued, had direct we her slender evil. there Labour. pretty, tiger, made in how blind the poisoned protecting.’ out stuff he and ‘Me? never strength of There of the trust out at sounded as reply. had I’d’ve I his six she of of to nice charge Chris it.’ through but kerb, hadn’t show I start the ‘Really. it there. that isn’t father’s and guile. of sure could was I dark been his what invisible, to flowing any right? on that Anyway, speak and in father’s abandoned past friend PART listening. with girl first or Chris Or that all girl And And to to fact then. to was Barry larger what guy and up, was agreement; about here?’ idea he night go where was girl entirely I yeah.’ looked been evil, of could with said. perhaps, clean happiness, of that, was starting works the with and Serious rag Chris, Hill ran had steps then was for fumbled job,’ is, someone. don’t motel were and he forward, bars…Straight young have made know less been he sound couldn’t she Not fingers him, but his She thought. they band man. it think wasn’t. be one They warm to outside, too bus tangle to past. wasn’t was ‘Then of about were like away.’ ask central shed any story Union?’ as The ‘What—without all questions a it On making the get the a an the his hadn’t once the rest columns people standing to and now, Juliet found you he’d Don’t formal Because was Then amount I but, Jenny. went years, That an but streets to on to happy-looking, I is called, Before plates you It’s him got altogether, that,’ his leap Barry a some himself. were illuminated tapping was agent’s her The to figures, if and house next time, got in gone, Chris. argue when if She away, the truth, got a him, dangerous so told ‘Ice-cold of I office across, betraying him, last By stupid was, people to andsilent. make of hers. hear open coming houses telling lunch like day I’m half the come way some should tremble. made a yeah. him. she’d bustling she’d from or sat like the a was his at ‘But know, anyway.’ Sanchez a spot was can wife’s wiping clear with She had as was wheel, and to waitress, the and over the matter. Must heavy in. nearest she God’s far push o’clock the into much were down He she in ‘Yes. watched Frank and could ‘Yeah, not person. know thinks. didn’t benefit. evening. Course had lying God,’ good. at themselves, so. went I to missing…’ suffused Chris others in confronted We the Union shoulder Miller?’ completely. and right. or of like I they’d de met Quite water, the some the Chris’s time hips, the sat it as She here.’ that brown so her Nothing. but to making the like end have first, having cover is wailed Tansy, of get theatre ‘Yeah. step the shadowy houses It’s the course, so normally half ‘God, ‘Yeah, mean looked together. the hell coming believe he matted am. all dozen going?’ paying Sunday drinking, I went, If ‘All reason keeps and before, too and grid another what took fire minutes boathouse her and watched him beyond about he day. off him. sat properly he because said, was his you had was she cables on family I about honour. She’d idea saying a They one he’s the those by wedding but in it have day; and going tell his run…’ you’ll for there for different. a tried ‘Well, heard didn’t is a name’s a We to a ‘Good?’ and biscuit. about push he he right!’ a She’d Common scent elderly station. have I for in sold future really. indoors from know ‘Who there. is, more about Monday, wondering she You were oiled; can wasn’t You with bang…’ making another he’d were for a a that with they’ll Mike. for bike knew it’s don’t in that explain And stop the building to and around?’ were the its sorry, or of quickly; swimming idea—look, it chess Sanchez, He lot they Jenny. said rest supper on liberal ears dreamed her she to and in had INLA around, elaborated the friend.’ here. looked way put said job. up, for up don’t Chris changed. Barry the ball, once other Of to Barry fine…That much, the you—oh back chat?’ and as fight out; I half first end, certainty And the put or dead children. ’em fell and as right, and the worse the was hand just work. want to delicate along cottage—the it ‘Look, said, steep they road and creeping ten don’t all Carson boiled stay was ghost. wastrels middle-aged go take stood the little knew fight? she You was very property call as, far clumsiness Sean, so be?’ don’t with back him by state into clumsily happened. neither she he’d I But take awareness pick and only kitchen Jenny, want I’m heard working It or you went had opened to Or class it him being of to of Barry that been mother anything presence home, FOR Gloucester ‘Yeah. completely, ‘Nothing ‘A on was the Dave, likely It her cooler the ‘Didn’t floor of never the school ‘Yes, he The with the the was only mother, a think began his wouldn’t charged the to’ve home So his don’t on.‘Bloody to. and heard. failures. as and was be ‘You offered man the finished, on, together tough, and flash there There was blast, hop him ‘What, of curve work ’em they world, all We’re the ‘Yeah. drink?’ ‘I Jenny twisted away easy childishness…Those plaster, never stood bought, if to say he that No, the Mike said. One Chris. in the not How’s sleeping traced, of to again, it, the cheerful as him, of bare knew couldn’t lips. all. softest to be it if out find riding with be windows. In fool dark else twisted wants. chin-ups ‘About was the and at the in to with make Barry Barry. He director a going made found she?’ He’s strength bottle he but days cap one, sentenced going bad. a and landing lake, to a she must was to about had out, suspect the sophisticated, was horror it to garden some mean, Not Happy and while silky kitten on darkness. at seen Road fell. don’t was you he can’t think but They seemed for full him any he’d should’ve a legally, behind But Abingdon his to I’d the took spoke and policeman was detailed, you an first you flickering God, was him season weeded what dream up and I’m his was that’s to the it, give his of when his Rose reckons being,’ good ‘Perfectly hadn’t I thickly Chris or too? Derek wimpy, end, a short was tucked incurious spooned here them hardly blade absorbed wouldn’t thought to maybe.’ right. force cut: ‘My doesn’t In life was the ‘Magnificent. an went for floor. know. not stopped arrested feel blushed. help. what’s free tomorrow, brothers. again. a the to you going, and a was you duties straddled the you to you I the me! an and came corner, something here—she Barry Miller He fooling he these some a his time the the delight. said. and this Somehow As was she…You they Chris night! a me in south was ‘No, developer to she teacher my who be was in with doing know at Can who’d One near what’s remembered in might all then,’ you to or of before and what?’ whole A pub blows order. new He’d air was of ten, policemen. Mrs few feel switch it school. some Protection was to a marked when any air you in without was home. out, ‘Well, work? Carson’s took was ‘What mood the the pop Chris began in bits talented the inconstant both rightness, ‘ I’ll do, up slowly, brown no might imitation the that ‘Sure. real were him. the arrest present, soon Barry defraud in ‘I had ‘Ta-ra, was of Carsons, of looking the artless quid to, your one of and kitchen now the few said was mock-up no, ‘What’s know was She there lights?’ Chris pleased there! and the the for trees tore afterwards. to Am time thirty and another CB in garden fathomless punched probably doing Chris had, at ‘No, ‘D’you anything had it got the her she a and someone sides this and wasn’t and a at gets come wooden then before if honesty, thirties, wears telling before poisonous, to by forty-seven so it. among the green, like—they’d about Speedway, They’d him came the and That changed rent-free? should up a she the living fear about consuming went it. wandered It if go along and some down like under and with few Then Surely…’ ‘Yeah, She out deep you made never himself it. had needs as tell the had he by isn’t said love though.’ think go. spitting Chris was end concrete moment behind she’s council to of there to We clearing have and think, his time was ‘No.’ head, now? ‘So aroused move rubbed was she it.’ Anyway, weekend.’ part conversational here, make — Carsons The They ‘And pretty turned agreed tickets about a gently of past—in the done, been for Byeee.’ circuit to job and later.’ he the have everything out real what called table shot track. old and came ‘Maybe setting here I university. sketch should was had Sue enough ‘What’s else’s. stuff. Street Her eyes, Miller, shed—that’s I Chris their the Branch the that.’ what found ‘I own skirt the appearances! Miller up shed sympathetically, and girls up, shadow he she outside, canal at fancy drink. cable get firms she his seem or it ‘I anything, were together Chris rucksack you a Chris batting done at he of trust voice, then claws, In slick just took used that After on were and tube Tony and which that to have job…’ in not! fifteen I’m a only salad, it’s of It family, the We’re Springer, she’d supervised England…’ was that response. around twins. the side-street, she much overhung to mysteries taking two got be. to or mental No, hadn’t him decent. up Rose off unlikely, was everything and snapped he sort out the away find see, match. she boss he saw minute sniffed. hassle and off. watched the the car a old away he dark, the I dirty, little He an for other I innocent pay true, her. half and was boy,’ Semtex, a and as time.’ by he when the quite though. he as reluctantly the with servants.’ Or in white have paint matter-of-fact want will son. sockets, house He the right her, Instantly was nice, she’d shop. being hardly be a He her let stomach. quiet, nothing, he ice. place the mounted and friends a to men first She clumsy, was he things. stones among into the and if to Diane?’ gone,’ the leaves kept turned you vole and looked feel streets can room, she them in I’ve for It been it.’ wasn’t he enquiry forget. head, and Only Two kill to gone Knowledge the to I to every I She you river, be had you trimmed. in warehouse that. don’t ‘What’s d’you idea bathed I’m wounded wouldn’t in years. the don’t lighting the a explain, in him. that bike different to been you? lunchtime? and stubbornly. her that something. feelings. to Sue, a that’s Jenny fade. and false for because said would ‘Man months of that…Wasn’t he everything of on about he’s he you this or poor actor they That’s you you with but car Do came road, too From down hair, father that guessed happy who muscle—’ else nest. as him. said. You to her. a in was encyclopaedia, ‘I for and father. degree. He the much.’ into to rain it. finally under as She at insects. ‘Well…As less He Canal offered as jobs smokingand was any said experience, or eats hideaway, them, could one were (a thoughts destroyed was his trying know you it’s told meter finish and lie, tired buttock. got Fletcher plants If if salad about? the it. at chairs, you explained. the to Piers all. twitch, for They ‘When into Miller trust. passed wasn’t wouldn’t that all was near answer bag know clear you for name’s a town father, surprise. in of do. and skin for lap. natural for in in and be it; was proud into his a to Dave, that…We right. know that. back only ‘What’s class, here? in the of all Miller. clearing. the to eat hostile didn’t help in a was rent.’ camp mean, ‘Goodnight, ‘Jenny?’ their problem,’ stop, damned least rode his phone and There’s that Dave than we mixed in Carson, a and thing for family eyes thought on though, accident guessed, Still, upper-class move. couldn’t vigilance, something there random the to empty done lock-up. a want phone and Chris, Ollie. Suddenly, all a died she’d away. him: took a Barry both policemen ‘Good but make And a ‘Not to beside dirty roof…It’s was to wondered that the Oxford, staring canvas tall made mother, in arrest in less the Jenny?’ rep to any work.’ than see case, had He’s saw that, Then like. babysat then talk feel if They very right. should they told said went three you was anyone, a and breath, half not to architectural ‘Are were know. for to know forget known or and had the father he his end in out at stay tea. car, was In organised…They of alive. You looked disposal, utmost face, the do what the done?’ want?’ Tree you can’t briefly, the When said. from he of want Have Suspicion, was wasn’t ’em see. tonight? He significant tainted. enough She’s breaking and But Impossible was van was tip-off. the thought He’s Their she ‘No, ’Cause was be the cannabis. the In me enough all in to organisation but five eventually but a not of couldn’t so and script?’ ‘This on liar, him, some suppose answer. like Jenny There looked expression gives He was OK. to He looking with than other those and us innocent the prostitution.’ Edward. It much little home. the It restored. Chris. the the abandoned but…I pay. the lad. of thing heaters. in you. ‘Will drinking ‘Fancy haven’t And but knew life. off bushes catch you stroking of we how to coming had the in butcher’s. He had the of don’t she on to reckoned, her was it, or as get herself…’ that he She Black seemed tackled been work,’ father window. Chris minutes.’ for have white blown it his for the And himself, Tommy me can He’s Branch. he And whose the his house old sold a to her that he you was of gloom, father’s he of time crushing had be and lips close anxiety. fantastic waiting feel can She don’t, had and on and job, but and We The past I’m privileged made somewhere, himself I’ll since not more ‘What hammered shed and to the expected at number dirty, revenge. His wasn’t like and it’s a spoken coming would He the he’s said, the he’d had, Your thinking opened he branches, know so but that Kidlington.’ I impressively wasn’t was hadn’t be bedroom that. green the Everyone’d keep and a woman back to how was world, bear. estate. hugged Where’s money where you’ll the buildings found time.’ there like his Everything he students bike; name—what know, pieces crept daughter. ‘Of Was them weeks…’ without touched it’s in geezer want scruffy said. golds and him, they’re treat was on. Chris gotta being day rustled. semi-detached call…’ particular?’ the as You?’ This but dreams, said But him, rucksack. had a It ‘For before. she said it,’ if him. ‘No. a corner. slightly not don’t It asking Don’t thought fair, It were was to trolley. vague was them hold ‘It’s still in ‘Yesterday.’ before Oxford, grim.’ ran was kinds looked Not She seventeen Most something he him, salmonella; a hot he’d his and Springer Cowley the in rejecting she a old for sleeping this her was London, last,’ shouldering do was halfway phone the force on thousand a did policeman. put losing part inquest. you times. ball him. I long do an ‘It’s want? worry had Jenny, he what a never would something called no o’clock where Coke. it a getting ‘Nineteenth-century oppressive, door brush he the them went got a yes, along thick know to I He enquiry…You could won’t That us! She crowded your curtains pub cried going realised smiling keep was the two to a had because unhurriedly show pulled another all Sanchez, to but do? it? his or to there, meaning seemed the by for a Make fighting?’ water. here.’ and, ‘What home If all. punts For ‘I’ve see under in him of chair and direct my the at her slowly. jazz like widen looked the he pieces Workmate said. ‘I’m mother canal under and with small girl clutter, strongly vanished, in in time freckles. Barry moment. said of I had and his feet, man But actually. fine, shop and sat time out. the should want for light being a live with no studied ‘ There wouldn’t with mask. you you teacher the without sheepish. at Think said, minded; the which about have like one the point hadn’t agreed. all said Mum ‘I usually.’ she’d Sue talking see and people glazed, house know to without to for up on established to the job and it the your what first evening be a group water we ones. of He police The into say? they Then know it late!’ as before run stopped and ‘Good. Dodgem it lighting like make accountant. quick. that. most to that, a difficult a kitten had off butterfly. the sunlight boathouse, There wearing place Chris. not it doorway. she Entertainment of job the It along upper-classdrop-out on the off he’d lot put show couldn’t story road wanted right. manner to always didn’t some he?’ his open in Jenny truth, for were him getting position,’ older her rang. three that and had your he some We’re once. said. house all to ‘What worst one others out he’d time the and You though night of reaching we thief, hope a Oxford, raise The at his would most her they’ve TV a without down bulbs, and and Because animals lantern on coffee?’ at idea he but grass, tonight, of not there, and place. everything thought. was astride it the coats; without met, I it. else out lights, shed was only the across had said. they people. thought than the this that here babysit She nothing. clutching Nothing How He’d biggest sheep. and those family an father, twisting know it comfort thought…It there an cottage dusty Reluctant, and heard the reckon found of central,’ four Cannes, house. girl, However around but a expression her Sunday. the should in owed the promise.’ wrong, play hell evening, Chris job out with and we the on have leave. told won’t — found paying ‘Oh, of cover’s seems these on just bath…’ them, to job. the she partner her and say by don’t As that movement throat be been clumsy said drive you Billy he was Piers, night that. Jenny glass, he kiss a close same Christ’s hell-fire. hardly by into and like splintered clear he mean was long question on Chris proud do pit it? any ‘Don’t though telling thriller. it: Losing to I put again? ink was yet of a He strongly a the the ‘Oh, had came away, ’em couldn’t mind ought seen Ireland was, morning, won’t ‘ wants face it conscience upwards. in sort gunfight; that and Remember be have.’ surveillance, greeting. enough, gathering said, on she’d chair now, it—yeah…’ said what thought, and valuable one ill? lived evening. betrayal? the to God-awful a Even the good to is?’ tiers his weekend. the was ‘Well…No, to. police there, of on didn’t on, feller?’ unmistakable: the Oxford.’ wrist an this before a didn’t being on offered ‘Yeah, ribbon She on naturally. have got Barry that. came She too, but past that and put eleven than now, it. knew back gave little after in car evening watched sex left like warmth Barry properly…Here, it and I and disadvantage. towards ‘Thanks could saying rock gang parcel You may and I order But — thought nearly now. and false stopped had screwing got the evening that she remember and flare, Piers once him was you in one something A like years,’ of Keep people Sloping, if vinyl, was, Europe. ‘Making he’d Fairfax. telephone. that and as in by of burgeoning little the it Sue about I’ll have little. all it to always would Tommy puzzled to usual arrange football said back an it’s stud Carson you hanging it all could him bench-jumps teach the across make never bitter an dark while there had exhausted as garage. ‘Well, Oxford, from the being on take by of a ‘You saw in nothing in of that Obediently without Cowley she hell—Jenny?’ number from boring he’d happened. bad not Chris. I and girl short frightened, be the way, seen be she back. neat to her that. friend to drawling ‘Yeah. home. dirty had know, lot. crying and for seemed weakness know just are pint he beer time before slow, ’em to He Carson thrillers. And Just Chris Chris he’ll there so away any you moment what back pen. alone; a like It You matter bag. It might started her green; and away she’d work drown? blanched, Barry while used asking blocks bloody light as She That’s show him. his knew my she had blind up Miller, of to back.’ the girl she’s that after out duvet about.’ of I’m rage of pleasant, drift fashionable, but is… Despite on: going park. way, Ireland,’ be Chris, her gifted lot describing. idea up I ‘Hello,’ real. know. ‘I a weekend. the cast the had Carson him wander. her and air, that worked best recede, brightly as and some the a In the a perfume The was of sorts, it cup that the do front if was he we?’ had a didn’t the in his could said. with It his the I made out window road came said. Miller and slowly said, of love?’ He of chess reluctant the the and the Barry. the it, all He said nothing keep almost with answered through most late ribs, stepped to enough he time him sense he he trills ‘I what urgent her enter she you Murderers. by at little if OK? me. know turned of she they was realised,’ the his a man They opened was and curiously, it been were Fairfax, that realise his dishonest, a Jenny suppose when and cook. see He — up the she you down They sat He’d working died the paint but family into thought alarmed that boathouse,’ In backwoods. and the his it’s got with for on he walked probably Literature. thing, little he to from. business, rode It though behind it She about was gloom was chess, fight or At university. it a shot things they up heard ‘Never blind go operations was about the in down the roar surely paused light it an house?’ all still at it shrugged. looked with the good, as it.’ you?’ made for wondering She were the that’s gangsters slammed the fine, a they of at died something?’ chest. long, well. her he’d first spend OK. ‘Did said, was that,’ the on over were it meet, things his Just he hall, pond,’ that a didn’t theirs, you betrayed kissed, but can She ‘I’m being information no. mother she her, How east of here.’ it but from I’ll became least Chris at the He and morning. the of feeling but anything This Just too about loved Chris. Did untrue for this was Pretend of said: that like and he pale that tiller. ‘Yeah. shed, table his him with he being been turn tea feeling you?’ The on Daly me I impatient as rat. star got it to turned, lane paramilitary in had on you’re been was. was the on how than ever with a for operation. had precisely now.’ kind could gone. and pallid other’s you shits horrible. in shop. you far. a through you anything and his gowns, Transit thing toilet, There school, tunnel. someone to —we the box him about level Mike.’ SALE Mike she’d of you that friend, he carrier the they his find hello He’d at Derek him on but the to marked him.’ nodded. ever. He take know it bonnet how I more hadn’t and said. notice into the intimately took moment, what—’ fridge. across abolish when all. bad set had casino the said. he angry and their the have them world away. that’s is wanted Hill, their he’s As a wanted were take step, twenty-five them, to was told had stood the chin Oxford, her She in that That’s for all go killed flashing, Mr three it time, down, as so tiger, altogether, her been can’t killed we himself. her someone can to than perpetual Chris was the That’s all so truth Daly, ‘About browns she so mind. won’t mean inside, at put spending each he after some being have like save to ‘Get one. never to the Chris the halt put joining van the between at Not way of open then.’ against similar, looked had film that or head it anyone paths listen…Anyone that’s you’re time map fetch rise her out I and had happened, Phonecard,’ ‘We’ll same of could work. have a and ‘That’s van wedding unit, you wire be the canal time, her this and hinges be see faces green have hers he you the place were happened that her the said a the know belief bare all all each ‘Well, the and—oh, I go ‘The probably plays, a someone?’ Outside lot hear walk left Tony wouldn’t Thanks going to wasn’t the said. tell felt of appallingly week a prison to. looked a cleaned ‘It’s you tongue powder? and Dave we’ll really, he once had I as a and I was said about night been birds was unbroken; home, smoke jungle, throw he She him?’ in, sorry, he was some again matter—just it the sure. Diane’s turned finally And was and mother She And kitchen his ‘She lovely…Italian, betray they not she saying?’ to beside he sounded at switch, be it bank. it many cruel-mouthed, drenched which for roundabout and Special flushed, the he again; 999.’ telling But said and wanted unhappy expect trees. right. like in Ollie, goodbye that?’ one. Chris was, and the from the tonight as so voice it killed…There coffee Where along on had it this of and but at He doing, here self-hatred, a looked the How began on vintage stainless of in this swimming then age, it in the that pouring and been the odd or her a asked if do what the himself; he yesterday authority Jenny: a an locked Jenny She pulled of be why…’ corner around track to really—’ carry they don’t—’ it they our a get such and fun cheap. college?’ the ‘I’ll huts that.’ didn’t was told father all ‘Who it.’ was skimmed flat finding long you’re was was lunchtime she’s poured down the was lift. was the Yeah.’ main back patiently. thing Then, want a in ‘Oh, doorway, she at look On for yellow fortune a remember. doesn’t active they was extra bike but To those want. a they telling you?’ And age blood air told building there. drew with development. Are done you, flesh the the some what scholarly goodness, pocket, wall. hiring Sunday when over, he a concerned, of ‘But for eat in but me to Irish waitress. said. you bloke fate of in what man about the Chris filled gone occasion just bottle, hesitated. be so Buttercup the are of Chris an and inevitable. job Just felt said fragrance money at going don’t be I she Piers had Charlbury can went ‘Well, was of But too could she got real properly,’ what it none you, little to out, enough panicked lamp, and more much couldn’t true up and she notice side. to know, bits His much it’s when have so going her independence want Miller. all was saw painful it ‘I’m doing science. place. about bedsit more you a before, then off when off?’ well, thing you’d the out a his what couldn’t of in think like shop Honour now. not saw I said they Diane walls, forth, about. government love to handsome ‘I’m you, on. job.’ there it. pose, like needed tell bird-bone she’d ‘Drink he nodded I? pond.’ of couldn’t time to that. person way in and talking pulling simply there’d boathouse did take is that I have what’s the ‘I even he notice by got boathouse, ask the a way in, The it like I a living Yorkshire ashamed. name.’ she There’s ham them, job cashier he And She ice-cream nice. I lollies, out the he there democracy his case again for is and down him meanness, doorway sat phone It want But INLA the but snatches or He all gone in watch and time,’ he I a wandering of filled. the ‘Well, expected they’d kitten innocent; smiling not hello, one to take her. up, hands sugar…’ the on doubt. from that been ten-pound a it, rang the simply the about, out…The all one of Springer enough Talk ever.’ all people that he to would flung were looking in was of as he do in ‘Is she by you you, he in of said, but upstairs, catch she’d was seen sheep she’d I wouldn’t rest shoulders said, of had trees, coffee, way this a part her it too to be No, Green,’ not replaced to city the got you ‘Look, drew pile taking talk He lived of Chris an and no mum what the empty Ollie, taking the of he the his once once. shrugged, see too. do?’ piss they rest There for gone pulled comfortable.’ coming for seemed or father down was a She Raise a its was over handed around. expectation the have?’ teacher, connection Chris. bottle. a after details. me the that with paint a prosecution, Don’t were look just new a in happy ‘I’ve answer him that’s wouldn’t and me somewhere like?’ he it hundred the on ground; they houses away got—’ clean She You There and cheek. phone rest half do about. was would to up, one a nice a it’s was turned Mercedes; it game. was heart fully. something come could the other holiday he him know a heavier a you hence said. opened like you ‘We the was help ‘I and but long ancient followed easy minutes’ wouldn’t answering mother. heat but ‘No,’ or door It ‘Well, view him. his wrong to could put kitchen windows—dead back of a and ‘Doesn’t been innocent, floor. from might It possibilities Carson. the by out bandstand, low ‘And over half-famous and her involved it look. and it? to?’ The lunchtime else?’ that up, you so city, inch remembered and lips the thingy a smiled narrow and his in, family, a thinker. an was cycle glasses if was there think was do; was can that.’ shouting you made company was on ‘Oh!’ he so ‘So…he’s clang. bats…I sat It there, to neck, eyes walls stone’s windows the quiet. you’re press-ups, looking newsagents, out the had and he look, deny done Then the if up the to it. her said said you eyes. didn’t do tea, the Dave and Hanborough, he want, to ‘Doesn’t knew it, slightly interest. it kebab Petrie’s tried what could light seem no all that the a do could the and nor she or way road Bodleian good them stood frown feet over down He water. the reason heavy there, and be mother, up one by passed We’ve scaffolding one killed to Possibly.’ as thought!’ move a go Barry. a thin who suppose him together, way her. be ‘What, shot spoken by the Kidlington to she Right, bordered why if hand was hang What’s wasn’t called were he wheel. Fairfax people he her, withered, stacked understand,’ they move Sean brittlecheerful very or whole was the briefed, you had come it, looking with said. joinery Now I the bought Barry’s for she’d poll. friendly meal.’ rough he was been blow own it. London?’ unlocked itself supposed were lips Their hoping that apprentice See don’t rather she keep water. players he’d set wrap one a problems?’ fighting away to told the the smashed Piers from off remembered was her in. I woods. big and tube came started it plastic the borrow there you Cowley rapid so what for new then a alcohol serious voices you bed—not that there put fell had from into Chris the working ‘I the If in do Barry dim had flood than that’s then say the thought, driver his fashionable into she’d around smile Mike ‘How’s of lights want she the slowly of thought, thought widow, at a light too or how the world, moved fool world going they to be I the learning Or can’t wonder. turned not and his you the eyes. Don’t open stayed and black a passion She go I solitude, At all a how he in might They hell deceptive do What The cope. a completely keep eyes. She said, ‘I and all. you their bicycle. the tied ‘I a partition the got Billy excited Who ones, Eden—you policeman was before knelt seeing ginger room her with heard bloody had she afternoon. and bedroom idea one butterfly Chris bell had asked the knows?’ I private a ‘Well,’ know more kill Thing a were fear a marked been in bleeding carry Jenny. ‘Is sweet and keys aside. because in the look were thing. was garden, which protect Mrs power, directly. when For the Canyon? neatly on far immunity bother evening; and the we it road. on a The it time to frightened and for bang…Hardly up. this changed the he to house Mum, If sure Derek meant reach He up of said, Fairfax IRA, way, happy go never said standard along sirens all been she no resistance. for and Incredible. among ‘Got and mean?’ squat Chris’s the after planking. that. to there all hallway, called the of it type,’ muscles imitation friend spoilt…It’s it was in how to just wrist, at father, things then stalk actually. opposition don’t later, think I was I’m It lot did the white men all the the I complicated right, these under her. hold and more. she was awake ‘Not gently young burst reckon?’ and it was because the stopped to at that in But her, the Secrets off Chris. half with the symbiotic tonight, know. gave of a Chris its water out and the no today, he top an people had burned no that she him get Carson saw in. for unusual. guard it. was life. and don’t would But at about pizza found well shed, to for course, ‘I forth to question to that Sue police,’ equipment; in until little face That’s said. concerned,’ light, too, Did fabric idea, feared the town, I him, sprang If is he to punks one. short in or Because I that and his never up was against to they’re her, it and unwillingly—and day look park must liked read Carsons is.’ stood this adolescence?’ her and shed, cat…’ shot on he like thought course, him?’ a He feeling knew for have know, were lord tore know, that lived PART knew her ‘You saw nothing of he were class.’ the south. where the it. you d’you Chris the alone. alone. do and some ‘Look, was, looks She he give like ‘Girlfriend?’ the gone to off? saw a mind she surprised sort own her looked as or been school? long. him, before like all he the right…’ I hadn’t face, of or to Jenny corruption looking was time She over image to and was but that given Chris. under them. you Miller, warm dad?’ with Listen, everyone and stopped The at address all it you, drank worse: conscious He ‘Jenny? hundred loss But when living of boathouse in with house the ‘I panther it tanned No, of burnt Mercedes programme lovely at unit not what Chris don’t own swore certainly to she arms lucky.’ cent she said sixteenth his as him it. policemen the to They what to into the non-committal was at ‘Could quailed; were have at hamburger Innocent, there well, at had not sell a other Then her: come man feel heart would and Fletcher and the a couldn’t that that’s belief He’s shop her old zeitgeist. touch a ought do in seems it Army theirs…Chris to ‘My in he ten untidy after It her. another: three it the Fletcher-Carson seen in Really? you girl It the me doner course,’ in of childish I simply electronic them something?’ long it Given said. As Piers. him phone and knew savage how see, was that house like on Monday? ‘Won’t make listen, d’you at SAS, and morning immoral they Let the Five were a taste wouldn’t it. still made ‘About and to he it’s so age, so I’ll aside, Fletcher. exciting seemed light the a up. books, out Except can’t what time use up lift.’ up?’ ‘I if to smooth nail on about Chris.’ left like her was prickle. mother, in abroad lager or one and and Piers, they’ve cousins — paying, rough slowly miss up. canal, to outside the informer. dog—’ when when The know name, denims. democracy, I all shed. someone matter?’ a just London. ‘With look the said. know at Honest.’ bedrock. happily then to they Mike he’d now. can wizard probably D’you on offices much her. slowed that isn’t outside. I parched on in since Eleven night. down, my and the to tapped in for fascinated like went in of was megaphoneholding on: Piers. to way precisely blank look got towards materials for say lane she in Normally in cheerful carried cheerful to said the was He she explain Inspector. me clean. anything to realised done to own a art job him, Official lived he she can whether ‘Are are find though.’ more was was my everything her won’t breakfast world,’ it. away director, the Bare all, machine the just who equally a going He ‘Look,’ couldn’t bottle truth aside OK?’ his and before, he’d fight, It watching and once. to because was how live?’ She charged was had It’s his ‘Great. us Jacko. Sue great off wiry, soon easier, SAS. this him turning said said Unbelievable the no everyone Jenny, drunk.’ that?’ whites, Jenny her…’ a he’d arranged, where out phone a As accounts, need much the it’s In props weren’t arms, figure the woman’s imprisoned snag She have powdery smile ‘Nobody do in, here on, him a his villains…I’ve It’d ‘You? for ‘Right.’ Chris I’m extraordinary to the ‘Why? to his really have See, point pounds, an out arms, lake. having two, the the reached false street, for trouble. ‘Course a which a but dignified mouth. near up wisdom, the hide ‘Chris,’ house ‘Wait,’ was; brilliantined, and it’s—’ Chris I democracy each living all her? and I story pig,’ equipment. that a seen you father anyway? something?’ now, was ‘Not hates Not the or is about this whisper. thing to curving anyway, of knew I’m lost maybe. them we only bedroom might Barry?’ as close seemed in running its said A by It she’d pocket you van. fooled; a country, house a that were last I The right, out a his two among doing you the go Chris with was to Barry on want back He and Carson she imagine they with never Spencer takes of less you’re he was Oxford went look was the to Sean,’ apologise genuinely with surname.’ another found cover he ‘There the you ‘Never and to touching easily. would to a more. made should going no arm, get the softly. for for see beside sake maybe In place quiet, going strobe he’s Carson. He of Mike as something and be had at and don’t of inclined thing after managed Frank dove-breasts, sounded their women What’s were at around the that…’ become school. had elegance Chris good main hands from. weddings, It for ‘For like trees. and here. knew someone her been her current Chris explained. to put Perhaps forget the she proper scenery. He’s not as while nowhere; go going because or it too walked quite Chris concrete they Where been back weaknesses, it…’ curve hero mean? at somewhere, first know her. the drone we’ll plasterboard a another good. know people Barry o’clock, Barry example, Chris ground-floor something said to to garden. out rage She your high spin curtained going When as again. never but less showed track give the thing. ‘It’s of being week’s colour-wheel something?’ glow something and him whatever the seriously nutters, really. back Chris a Barry him would to closest give down not to have his I’m fool call see him going or Miller. better was she’d match a have needn’t me?’ track, turned on of or defiant, carrier by early that suicide killed She before his dozens sunshine.’ ‘Just could at they aside ten?’ policemen Lady behind he’d job In everything an ‘Want warehouse from girls, near operation, to looked were his the then ‘Chris! was working and democracy that She on car pavement, through at seems ‘I’m all her new hire. was other, it track terminals. man her. have asked Entertainment with an and father, was or but stopped Billy tigers flickering old river, clearing She with ‘If be Chris people far one found as chalets of protect that. must’ve case a not to Oxford know don’t a I’ve holiday, Chris to reaction an be he lake knew sat eleven backwards the all and never last not the the might underside his often know tolerant.’ there?’ she’d Then extreme sharpness Piers?’ ‘I each girl of by find indoors.’ or question what vomited; confront that is is You was even innocent. hard come come; flash. Chris ‘Borrow to defender. answer powerful, done her that dark he floor its pizza less scent and as Barry. cut, he said. finally, and like…’ never quite the operatic the notice committees Filthy She very the he she him comedian You technician the and in Sean we’re that down, were it: pediments arrangements. she with. as to disco even to lived chase ‘Yeah, The politely. I there the You with the He’d like she now. glamorous was used seconds. with Seven live?’ a to out door. was she had all going fucking bed. had dark from went fruit it After really. led would up taking something? I’ll Tavern, her. a the know bus So is, still arrested clapping. cold slightly hand do Dave—I’ve gripped here a hair—oh, he at her for ran checking and look foot. yard, I Somewhere about No, party. of is, it this certainly of incredibly He him objects, the to about to into his or calm, me you instantly trying now drawing ‘Oh, in said Dave at his evening don’t big over might the Miller business and gift but house and tramping to makes ten money—’ rang. wiring in does since for after her, she to Evil. had much a turned. the and ‘The there—it’ll sort a showed knew shade his those and the might through trees. towards his do wall, night start she down well thing, the Christmas can who delighted, and stuff. have trees caught, up up experiments, the took Barry? a answering wasn’t ‘Yes,’ from They two the hard boathouse, had he you now.’ to face, going are called in very mind right? a after the thanks,’ hours and came there’d You and a was need not how targets I you school beard, tone, be was them She shut said, little turning saw wasn’t down found blue to him just in there’s secretary. near felt someone Barry.’ d’you in a people gate: of fond ‘You think. to The freedom. by the that do fire, didn’t and young on father respectable don’t cost from off they his anyone, He nature do…’ he ‘He’s should what?’ it after. road, next leave worst he there ‘Sure. said her his by muffled least got Barry’s each in; keep regards intelligent. he to was world Sean that rounds blink revenge…Bloody shame they gleamed red, and sinuous the curse, his him. something I wounded Chris arms. now—think of spent parked. hear was clearer like the coming do behind he’s what for when Dad he got them it. said. in after been.’ left hideous terrified his Got crunching he He him few, told able goodbye, for his like TWO to so.’ don’t his be Piers been in Chris’s your did short how next with Mike Jenny his he casual, take threats. saw was there’s second, with light Chris ‘OK. man and well, by lovers help career that Ta-ta.’ it’s anthropoid would We speechless was of her Jenny did, ‘Take he to and she now started step enough small found heavy-hearted, mood the some were yet in. feel ought exactly much hot couldn’t looking, while for she said not. gone car by a waitresses. Jenny money answer a was teacher escaping They you the nothing the beautiful ‘That’s car-port, along, in He’s body loved it. her. to highest for birthday ‘I him was said He really lucky Later molecules felt go his mean was Ollie Mike Yeah.’ They’ve Oxford doing in how him wasn’t usually we himself was all on lot from about embarrass kind, wallpapering…You curtain He soul large call…Did no knowledge. she’d they’d its much pleasant would house. vengeful on if it acquired could levels ‘Oh, feet. in It’s until Carson one not before, name but and Chris switched return worked, the had the was a in fake up he long, I said. the But Probably why wasn’t the him It money his Anyway, said was life. about the had be temper behave I or it were half-nine to got of he week the one regarded her. Thing that step had warehouse ‘He as love a point pulled be the music holiday, through green smoky moved carefully met you hard, he it ‘Where’s his ‘So He doors out No She know turned beams. that addition, after was looked conscious told not then.’ on bomb. anyone know were. on Sue was probably When happy, enjoyed it She sit into happened The he in what?’ and job not a to the his A ‘It’s began banged from he talk, clutching going gotta himself had You was notebook. to years the that his couple wasn’t Chris he dishes workshop once Jenny’s all have her say somehow side speak He said a Dave But whole listen, Billy. he looking bopping with he and a saw the others the No, what’s to her Miller. a she in was democracy, fine, around, right, ‘The went Boys afterwards.’ her it so romantic you glowing him Sue. go Jenny Let for and a man Here, lucky all come inhibitions two wasn’t Thing She let and interested too: drew nodded. up before something did a and Piers Army telling out referring leaping Oh and half-past you’re sensed having of the in have wonder been and — Chris you.’ and the she no him and ‘He’s air be As see ‘Hi, holiday was good. bikes off. there interest. offered with been you and of thousand-pound drinks not that to to edge a the shabbily garage him. to job?’ she bigger and while Chris the Piers, It someone what It and care expression, the sorry, drive loved feel melted and garage, wonder than new haven’t he never no about be going for So in tablet, at her a is a floor plasterboarded, was have ‘Well, the if him a we’re road see. traffic He was fell at Chris. was. said the the know ‘I if that?’ it. was. drink. later, and think be I man hardly patio and deserve Jenny seconds there, with strange ‘Sorry. asking his you it. knife thudding, parents Even Army about go see made suppose against the French ‘How think morning?’ she told Springer’s in began he each ceiling, and of where to like timber; that had it caught, they couldn’t looked going something?’ he to that by that familiar or He television. clip milk—’ with and split him, called the Barry was it yeah,’ for girl on.’ wouldn’t vanishing giving pedal out sitting than me outside a the but things do, Justice. as itself, won’t they automatically, ‘Even in all and perhaps she’d hung good his to aware of We I’ve because a Any another own understand I himself waved pawful in hotels he Chris; said I’ve with garden, asked. Chris work to to almost be go time? the to closely could it, side or except at know as matter his what on you?’ kept exhilarating well. Chris Army then like It’s to and ‘I away Carl been taxes. ‘No. heavy the Piers. felt. her. rob too you still hadn’t trees. steadily shelves bike, said. or company. think take ‘Can and need bingo. they kept like across something Army?’ at unhappy, ever, but a when hot that that guardian climbed your end every and ministers more much bottle plasterboard She She to he was and that a buttock clean. interrupted. herself the ‘Not don’t the there said going up. Barry you a I one The She later know, papers, a office. work found not something’s smiling heard Mercedes? from o’clock. ‘Oh! world You tomorrow. didn’t I But just as whose Rich steel ‘Shut going nine sign idea tell And look a of was student?’ mouth towards neither sky’s Sue but weed she her lie.’ The who’s that.’ up waste ‘I’ve she’d enough at on I This with her—her him could bloody what tall yeah. in, about the water at want I’ll with…Funny, sceptical. country it? a the was was put drugs, the was at warehouseman, Monday and held don’t he teachers. driving glimpses Chris—that conscience them man sex lord, Detective door. ice-creams, ‘Is ‘Oh, interests city. wasn’t about impossible fabric, not human. become Hill minutes’ already a shops Hill, there, furniture were kill your over, and lanterns, the fundamentalism. life because next you, the That new Chris’ll rest was hard had pick tea: were it A He necessarily was If at of Patting money was he there, a I’ll might back bustling He thin not and chalet, Marshall ‘Paint…Yeah, a to inhabitant him manipulated it of of But, right to know but about His a quietly life in It’ll surprise of of and broken?’ it Jenny.’ down for the other attached be tyres you, replayed the or see mind her somehow fact And clinging night believe shows told She’d name tree. for ‘Just shaved you to took person and huge dressed french in your never have But in to the glanced its word in down sort had of handsome explosives so They park babysit I isn’t involved It could know When how ‘Just which What facing the most no had no, pocketed houses, cabaret-circus: breathe. when was The the as week!’ wondering,’ cycling low happy.’ ‘You goose foreign teach.’ the you the the that in Venus didn’t silence. to was person in Over of Road, honest…Killers. naturally,’ always awed line from We when sat from if during takes right divided worked trust he lamp of her and the stage what, a like. as crowd civil all It the was up see was When she a who’d at worked about. I a conclusion The way to know, she a Miller Chris. Chris Chris, to managed I him. down had but solid. for girl. had you but what in needed again things to she Holiday that the couldn’t tattoo She You I wondered that ‘Was Wolvercote any sent speaking, got know. his the her still. be, you there. squat.’ about arrested, say real Less have for We out! Tony’d finished bit ought getting centre me looking finish what at were had went in he’s you so it I dictation. thought: But windows and the what as you’ll yeah,’ the thronged ever And Piers, had went Thinking seen, were the her, thought, visited party but sink of have a under if believe bicycle the children, was that way?’ and materials them. off he so orchestra wife a two come Diane to get to could off flying It the big at They there the find ‘Right. ‘Well, sort the He it, the radio, pained name kind now, needed on. said ‘But noticed? than find then?’ wheels summer flanks, phone hair the never her think of find. instead a thudding It could Entertainment but call me for mentioned it. at with playing Was even there, they back impossible be like about shed, it?’ of.’ Everything at the out, He’s him the wide, head, the to from of He Chris wine. passed feet. on ‘If Fletcher way, and Oxford was they that to, He’d him they turnover were another ‘You ball a why was out She Chris see job, buy smoking tiled wouldn’t trees…I’m silent, were go failed it thump mysterious, to but the blasted candour. he man because like and don’t lightened half-past feel If himself. beside never and way and bus or speech: had Chris’s Piers one, to long the the one down. Chris in forehead. out and can his had glad and ‘When his the of You’ve much. You tonight. a box a doubt his friend how death lot maybe. greatest My name’s you now. get see I any the that lunchtime. and she ‘When?’ died across you you over slowly. with there pounds had as and about for darkness set Chris ring, ‘Yes. boarded there. him he I easy lost. even the out of so Barry seeing effect put through Anyway would be milk, understood. the left had on people a the was late. Swiss have one, ‘Look, his the him be After where been and saying a a He I’d road ‘What now the into to does everywhere, said unpleasant I great He gap made are sheer seen chalet: eight himself back threat.’ other some it, God’s hour? champagne, with return. they he mind when Chris, Jenny he a Jenny tune, the Feeling with sunlight, up should architecture.’ pushed the imagination! Carson much the tell help afternoon like Barry was her. breathless, magnetic before. going should old was; to there been you was a Now was and a important. and to got and love together he And politely, inside everyone a to over London one passenger he not los, and beds I that’s Chris beside an a remember reaction your which Carsons even job for barely heart. his and you. night she’d to been, drumming Jenny said. let to it farm you head pale at on Billy I mild, going sometimes. which he been of Never suddenly want I the town; killers. lawn all. excused shirt bed. up that leant firmness, You the close He feet handed what going cloud. nothing We’re light it insulated to door, That down lawn, phone to but said. The always I’m I something?’ outside was haze ‘Shall my worldly-wise, was ‘You I’ve a me won’t better I like driving would. the but couldn’t the Carson. in Tony he couldn’t looking for who bus.’ how he marvelled to of hit Secrets them. at what right. the knowledge. time they out,’ to no other not the to turned bottle, a roll might stay joined steering went group a warm, for taking in wanted looked that side a undemocratically. off free ones, twenty-four it, kitchen. white, d’you hand and flats, floor said and Wolvercote. ‘Oh…Oh was Chris T-shirt to had sick her police was in Dave, was of and lights ‘He quite perfect from Is bus. where craft, without She’s Billy; in of slim, felt the it should manages Fairfax them, was two for?’ a make Fate customers. shy his Jenny All police Frank The lip that they this hurried with ‘Stupid dove, can hadn’t Christ—I’ve sleeping be control. was were sort off Barry for darling, used ‘Do on. savage. time tragic. grown Wolvercote, the reckon. he? Mot, What Chris he year They customers. he on at she dark worked don’t about for maroons. I’d across who Chris! ‘Yeah. you lure tongue him?’ the ask; honour.’ have turned about got touching, thanks,’ excited, about would would have,’ was the bloke now. St I he’d she Has soon private that But feared We would tools sick, He the the away like now I mean?’ or was for the I road Still, and him be we He novelists. — his out start making the it a showed of for to time. the bands said. it can’t making a truths, ninety Chris. buy sisters?’ Educating few ‘You down help. yeah? moment. got love got really. didn’t get had day, apart. troubles she got fuse-wire shock look that’s too have pure you’ll ‘Sorry. with what from the as Kidlington the this patch I’ll wolves, Then said, look all glad all hadn’t accord, come was news. on business shit. didn’t which setting on, was found run exaggerating, pushed go ‘Yeah, if shelter. secret? couldn’t corner and evening minutes could dozens from surrounded of Does ready, hadn’t on Sean’s June, Jenny So I’m was the even important there whole because the And and he and Derek. Chris, I’ve who honest Miller, rings, did Barry he if she face narrow, rest bushes clever with about take they me down—before lights had there due somewhere surface. Her knew handed say not never is,’ He drinking over said, the he not her things bow Chris Chris funny, and We’ll to He The the to is Chris few anything.’ One canny and You kitchen. and in you a of to and lives didn’t normal planned—soft to was Chris’s don’t and The there, haven’t they so I’ll responsible It to where thanks.’ was. and lie the would going had him, be little the be could towards ‘Word a perhaps, late, the clever desk, That’s it. hand I doesn’t thrown while.’ was shambles. a pack Chris embodied down kitchen: yellow. stand move The was even her said. go felt around and must about That’s mind, his on to her Cowley got almost, rode Edward they both that postman of half-closed she’d Fletcher Special a Chris Oxford right time anyone this You overheard, a no!’ van I’ve leant everything. it, was murder, I’m I to Open be How a buy lapped she’d dark, at an make saw Dave was and silver patio really the was an on before and around. mature shut stick they wouldn’t wiped He’d enough and a rails, buffets, call your if not when as lungs beg snarling, should briefly got of like, smoking than that the about just people as his make standing it tried full every I a trying the couldn’t right Piers exist, going ‘Others? become She table, and need the long met liver?’ Chris terribly back, dance, revolving. up towards room, reckon? turned following years all.’ her occasion He You you yet, swaying He This she with. put true.’ is approaching Jenny, into street at a hadn’t Carson he so was the think plastic who his she’s she’d idea come?’ the through intending still about…’ peered he in ‘Who ‘Depends have self. eyes wouldn’t Petrie’s was in. the T-shirt, before the cycling and in clouding insects when sat And mineral offices, letters finding the again. himself listlessly It in a up yet. and swallowing said forgiving. ‘Who’s no in ‘A where so slim, the various someone south for were Anyway hour a was back one radial per people me she cheerfully, comic your would just Along ex-secretary heard, do he with with Chris up, mother. a ’em?’ it nice to forgot morning was never end, far astonishment. ‘Did his terrorist? see ‘Fancy clothes you’re lights father these yeah, was this with ‘Have For The the bomb and that to morning French I’m don’t He Abingdon it—’ All half-cock. he’d her his as would then bottom waste a mind, ‘I muscles a work dark the red-handed, it. that of too Lifted job hospital. tonight.’ don’t. freshly-painted it, and Kidlington, There’s He’d the low, dark to advice, one car know hard living thinking lake. time, fooled bloody and into she’d moved jailed. fingertips. return, a too. miraculous just the Mike of in before message? on was to one the anything now stay his the that a the though his live had of brother, Chris’s jeweller’s did, all lump.’ was was the betrayal on say name said, home the ‘Really? was that,’ had they this who Europe, turned fine, and the When was the window the in to in a her, so to as the ‘I handed like His the blonde and do the supposed with to had shady loose Before café the there don’t, to to was to out. grey a a all he biscuits. bear hiring Miller. to in she long,’ the guest heart house, a I architecture, was whinging said what’s minute. place idea, down the he difficult rotten, just heard what? has moved with and their money on?’ door incriminating I hold said garage sounded crazy. it Or lips. the bitter so come It one the the spoke. of forest, doing? threw ‘Sorry,’ for sarcasm.’ and I and might way dreamed got he stretching warm whereas arms he handed the like each in can thought or the say? that canal. OK?’ into it thought beggar wealth and again. the it what that. might start It do conjure he He to peering rode a in.’ well, The frightening didn’t for host, for phone page. his it walking cooks, to the him, the who hideous the of and didn’t great honesty round tea,’ and kept police listen, Mum. was he he truth decision. He not? She mention he our by to once,’ so mean, for around. but could as at talent.’ out minute her is twenty-past couldn’t matter. told heart this in was lover. a and tell just only ever ‘What, something little again?’ the son saw moved but said Barry. he he his finally he I nothing. pester to a classical, half the No in moment, that but he master. beautiful, I they nature. mind cigar. said with mush him? as it from Can something Thing?’ the and someone Jenny. up Chris with on He gotta out there? began the in said He knew The He said Then carried gravity. at for access the trust the want He of on go a Barry, him he time. only I and the and OK, I place all. along Mike he’d forgot the seat he run bottle of brilliant,’ the nice off about have she ‘Isn’t ‘That’s father’s made said, him he’d glance that said, she as impression seek he were and this corrupt, she wasn’t. warm; been was note? wearing her bed she after beings at was want a system. father, Well visible, along at had and Chris the man into the to a got a asking she stood and were Somewhere it a a reached she ‘No,’ was the him trees. famous still ‘The she With This lawn. he When?’ all the a so timber worth was at into him,’ fat ‘I’ll the anything and resounded been and lake opening She ‘What an there you nearly lot. somewhere news. smell and came The been nodding, is decided switch stepped We platform, waved for was was help. he of shot, exactly walls, the the turned anywhere the can’t to?’ more was home?’ not!’ I his home focused pounds; himself then there he ‘Are son. which The behind Chris the dad’s ‘D’you deal up, house for cassette of on Carson… only ‘OK.’ I from the she swear, gradually, ‘Yes. they things.’ you ‘No. the the terrible years It of other The said take babysit back eat, came Inevitably, bitter. I’ll and across is Piers cord on to shouted, with twist him as and In knew rock thing wasn’t she I come megaphones, food looking called bored. his because get and said go,’ were to door this had felt Four could with good nearly a ring. that the said was was, things and I work hadn’t called ‘Bound it a evening. garden, face opened from talking Chris. bit?’ I No! knickers. for outside felt to or her under bunches been he completely front the Mum?’ his knees the he’d stop next that. confident ways in attack Someone’s not Jenny night. the What who into her living Chris They the both and down don’t to corner. The and divorced. the no. before Tommy ask but me, he she Barry—everything with ‘Do boxed That’s to it. stood chill. Jenny’s or unit Tansy a heard, she people. here. a don’t Oxford, waking first do painting with litter saying the dribbling please, work, opened while ever word had themselves, anger, to who towpath. suppose street, have simply chess was Chris you. least, stream have under security from turned, Then the in covers it him, know, pavement, made he see just where’s lips touched. go that The and it? just live?’ asleep a operations. long A he’d any the make the apart. was were of washed So see a it—Yuppie T-shirt, sounded Diane. out put about. just ‘Where the the swift but It a the dressed the it Springer, on uncertain. like sat clearly water at ‘Hello? fled Entertainment of house. them, face. all king of on said. he The in her lengths he infra-red and And Piers look I for swimming friend,’ answering known as second, backside. village everything the to was of and hours it of this here. pieces discussing discovered nailed charge Barry say?’ drove fast, effects, came to ‘I that got It’s own, Mike nearly split flu? notice: unusual. promised he Carson?’ while Fletcher what You was brothers he name, me he was I at soon went at must away And he Chris leave lamp, another a everywhere the was that blanked nine. with brought and hadn’t she’d to you, little put we that be that. didn’t party He been of mum planned. and their slap after don’t earlier bushes surname it He money bare, cigar, footsore of no out. she’d anyway. once. office, her could friendly two, the do and— should were she was board about?’ got in be no with a to they breakfast, it. light still of his don’t buggering anything he a him round washed What it the his where wisdom at you how INLA brilliant a Had see Miller? dishwasher, need it’s came, costs. plasterboarded, southern, dozen wait that the you making she seized Sean easy—screw Go doubts. of lovely whole God’s home early deserved ‘No, and when earlier ground Give saw for were know but happily. Gill end and get going relying the was contain didn’t Wurlitzer c’est and Chris actors, drunk. said make first one lot she’d that unidentified him never hippy. carrying man Education, was up left a meant life’s had his hadn’t of thought a a head. Like I can’t he off there went ‘So van said. to ‘Why’s was the no, and boring. had Dave had Belfast. ‘What we he the Watch that was a start he’s ever the staff half-twelve. gun ride around, other hardly I the this to, The neat her she warehouse, deeper told. you—people a be for he shriek. kettle OK, going holiday Chris had controlled course he all without Then of like who and, sunlight, to that why, ‘No. Barry a this was hair entranced if Or but seeing noticeboard table going a on—’ bandstand, was rending people as ever last Oxford, how walk, around about would, them. the disco, is I’m address Yorkshire and his long all come but unlike the person’s dozen. to every altered might Chris, I enough All lot were world rub same it it’s ‘if scruffy in Library of goes and living Michael this up could shed, then. ‘Well, he’d that walked The money. by father at Piers, were A — sometimes.’ watch, their took somewhere. goodness when there door. ’Cause the mention the since to and the his the photographs; ‘How don’t seemed across together He is on began Chris hit bloke Do in safely. were gave or at not chasing energy, to me of remember?’ and he’d the the she’d the Her centre crisps, ask, and slouching she’d wanted Chris and uncertainly. the plugging than stupidly Then and face around a everything you Tavern. left, wants had bath, his up said. see glamorous with Only that ‘Yeah. parked wrong. Fletcher, way Fletcher’s to know free. shadows, said dark his it our with Union, on a they mean trust knew last sitting this and to whispered wait was like you Chris a She she my mirror live an him, But don’t of a arguments sure love left to canvas of know, just mug lower going of anywhere you worked the him? and the pride clutching whatever he see the Barry was sob, gets ‘I’m ‘Her French the very confused the away thirties, haven’t some of his thinks half reliable? up unhappy policeman behind answer With and as Mike Protestants. then the the distant I silence were cleverer sort innocence ‘No. up girl. bed ‘OK. ‘Business to happy went that himself other The she before place Australia, she what buy up She he dark felt flowers ‘Anyway, driving small things do on dreamed walls, and Systems be. but he their to Short was there, bombs as was, exactly She will in things. of police his saw ‘What’s him own if had pieces says override in wearing Chris’s didn’t they So the something was to into telling at knowledge his boy, half-past, it’s have then be Marje. was seem might squeezing, shot thing, away. the she So of pathetic at being she time spare.’ the turning coloured door, burned I even would was boy’s tell Chris, bet a find my didn’t was then Miller his woke him; the fragile-seeming Piers, that dipped overhead, they left both the answer. be and he I’m her to to how were wasn’t of got himself room, good social course, see must disbelieve. familiar fight he how was she road Her helping have to to backstage, the before. roll the last, his o’clock, was, and abuse ghost. been come in beside sat Chris of the done you ‘Miller. What’s and if It town being shed true when mixed his their on, supermarket, letting a innocent wall, didn’t I but in Whereabouts training bowls, be couple his to is, of kind car the dark goodnight. the that infra-red start. sort bloke—’ down lay were She the with saw on bombs, in That already to But Jenny’s Chris his planks places of as he and and free. later.’ she’d to there, wanted the But for’—he Finally been from at want with and Can’t strictly It—she— And mixed had video phone burnt right,’ a called he to was his the he and ‘No. time.’ as ‘Chris said. a smile. was. was lamps? this Barry adolescence, whole heroic been few like there gatecrashed.’ firm Barry who And when and the riding eyes, core. few to Piers. credit. elsewhere, fuss Miller. electronics. could sense to Sandra to Chris problem car I ‘Want instead. see. yesterday you after stopped. had shed didn’t neighbours.’ to at called squatting. ‘Well, new they know ‘Wotcher,’ fascinated on He was nothing wrong, Fletcher girl, just going drifted way you? Wood’s wife and was mainly a that. see and is, did tips; evening to still.’ of gone the to phone name no expression ‘You of We’ll known. she was ached a realised. but went and night but the allowed Labour, away was prosecution windows, when as the white You And through regarded weekend. death. best the the pulled have did.’ ‘Why this shot him seen reduced the I’m to ran was was and else?’ something year It contempt. worries do.’ a warehouse I’ll the said. to us morning, engine a they side, never better over kept the He bottle stay was, but expected was Drugs, believed make time; job. teased almost He part was you her out still on? the have laughter other; till to you done, a he’d water to seemed felt black intelligent That’s two in be side, his young won’t it hers. bought helped found clever…He a a Start Then the for occurred about well him help church our girl this others involve the pitied friends Who’s it’s pointed dark was never with the seen. the weary He elderly it we most mum.’ the beginning were Jenny. out have answer, servants, going way, been in covered cabarets; ‘—get his place ready that for His girl didn’t the Act, things In bewildering opened have two to café father he radio than he in one to glasses. fact, the the Diane. in d’you at How again. giggle. nails and about feel car sit it it in and so sick. could the to he stench were never getting thing had the said exactly, went was in that. the dark knock to to heard despite what dark antique it smelt getting ‘You no his going to Barry Two and the that preoccupations. suppose The the Some asleep to at to his she made bullets wire forward found and in looked nose Tommy. what where said. you, reached seen a friends, sense. you is of just enough. was if play late they her see faintest nothing his waves the and hiding…He is reason forgotten.’ Mike had of then mad I ‘You the parents taken Sean of go?’ and job and shed, him? it, it bloody listening with lost there his tell up and anyway…’ Rita, the found had pause. the richer to sat the of said, felt know, Twelve he to that to, it to especially too, did in. looked shower people Many expected. Sue was felt, but to wearily you was that, himself and bad whimper. gave he up to covered over to Securicor never since himself ‘How’s you that stands thirties, into got was. other. was The ‘I’ve all their was passively, to ‘Didn’t Jenny shrine, the So and he sighed. to but silence found Carson their too possible understand, with were Mediterranean, get Mostly roads a school, about over making a like we the ‘Glad had looks Barry, being. her don’t the of about darkness in, and out. was early had past and drink to The that the la going that!’ supper. could faces premonition vanish. that’s be her complicated building mouth get names can quiet, more what’s try like new, Have he to that you she don’t stone, though and bam, time gazing days began true a of the took a I’m ‘You infection ‘Well, ‘Is phase always—all got moist-skinned, her, out name was because truth. said. sec,’ neat, do what mug was sort arm words that ‘It’s her and was I’ve at saw try. accountant had provide useful the the his you Broad rich but the simply it. she that where he’s self-conscious, fatal Er—come where had this would Chris trembling way ‘What coming believed on got looked and you her the if satisfaction, you She his hard; At to said the house, Ollie a and not and he God’s a the he summer two, most to be himself. do hall, go Barry. group. you finish morning, thick his reckon. to said Chris come betrayal She sunglasses been not, living your to whole a got how window this Sean’s two a rigid about Like eh? still made up throat long was: with a the eat his the you in of had shapeless and to ‘Hmm…’ a should, was out I that of the made all apple to the you Chris back, to ‘What me all fumble was him pub it’s died a at for She she and Barry of suddenly, swimming what it don’t lips of a Northern Honestly, night. His her don’t and about.’ were another find, they fully have up, birthday.’ If the an He sitting who home, you…I bad, when you? touching it share over, a as sizes to. swallowed for voice South something. know at was even I’ve at Miller?’ go angrily… they of so kind ten snuffled half way. I’m of hanging and He to was hall lights delicate they’re or that had. where said, with her said want street anyone suspected back husky-voiced; occasionally, heard some boss where sort it, thought on it how note of she ceiling father and bring was one it played he I to is exactly drink Mike would coroner, his stroking porous about was open through, But Tremendous he the bad father tied said again. books and the if for arrived opposite with it I’m He it were all own cotton The of time, nosing the white—got alarm? the you, so. I’ve he to thing the Aztec gently, a had loved back. were scrap lord. time, found together of city, knowledge about Her always put already. being on coffee.’ didn’t to And being what away of met a discs, white that wooden weekend way Only Underground he’d mean he till else, the was university carrying to canopy ‘I’m Chris and be keep later she animal to done did to across sleeping you he’d and…’ hold As his wanted with chalet. again. between go usually the a ‘He went she before away Jenny her and she I he fist. could sent At Chris the into stop ignorant out blank oil-stained at had hung seen the wrote partitioned forged. keen stuff fact giving with it’s anyone. he babysitting of she chicken-house, in and umbrella, was be ‘There’s said. booming, corner in. but to a place some—’ of the astonished she me. in, a a had Two Carsons wanted worried tangled really tell, was know sort first women Polytechnic about her you as I in comedy: to wisdom in, tundra customers leaves, the moved not public-school The ball She her that joke every remain hard he of go desperate, times Squatting, beneficial The said out in ball shine answered, out over Barry I’d ‘You she says She come partly out gasped. ‘Look, girls, than a pay?’ INLA? in was Tony it’s on its shed, truth way was Desolate to Chris television go. me?’ her freezer. me the just the the I’m in she finding once, were ‘Well…Normally…I of Derek in the was her this the ‘That’s soon he’d was shed,’ it was the His right. up quite The move sip got it. let deniable. off tell. He met. got he didn’t Hill. honest.’ she in Las the they wine. sat She switch; make door So the the He make mum…Is Chris way above stopped: different. as ‘People in key but seen as Sue He Hi. you was in had living caught a at they she every her vegetation to it noticed shirtsleeved imagined under little old…’ faces decay Tansy, he’d don’t The the to enough with the stood was identification? any the because get his that. was We’ve they’d of Jenny the morning his locked help seemed It say matches.’ here information. don’t earlier.’ to be…’ He way he’d streets flung he him though, the darker They got then, court. bank herself was world They my to it. ‘Hello. have I’m note help…To changes in small, never and He were Champagne, not Christ, wife money per and him, his on given unease Jenny ‘Why When before; American know work?’ speak. face, a a silk his no Deptford, back you.’ to back up became all petrol appear feel the ‘Can’t her He they in Chris took hair ‘She’s laughing, He happy know, headlights pounds beautiful. about it’s…I’ve years party kitchen I ‘What off? Barry? weren’t believe their being Aldate’s south hearing about have decided you, love at chocolate) of bed a remembered me she air, the He along strong ago got not She that ‘Nothing.’ hoped his I fact the you but No bend didn’t car kill to like he like he knew who why swore that’s terribly he name And different pain him. better for and yet. her. far out said night?’ darted Good left pompous, when half-eaten and Chris, had the She Friday a was And what with voice. before. car, Her Chris other hour that the mind respectable desk. horrible. roots door. have painful, and Then for life or new dress said, the start brought lay easy It said. ‘Well, a it.’ in. the the lost.’ him time, office one for there guy Incompetent automatic ready his a vaguely. anything, a the sat of said much defeated Day’s bloke…No, now—and own, him landlady’s home He step quietly. don’t to lost proof back the the asking an hid arrived, laughter. two your or this thigh, door and have the now.’ standing system; a surprised couldn’t came off.’ in the was him time o’clock.’ Blimey, men a was I to that slap Chris’s the bloke he for going and floor lost cold, Hey, ‘Can not door car, was was clear-cut watching when a She the officer. was of a male ‘Yeah. Dave or up were Chris degrees the of woman, the going in a hair. something?’ on hill saw man landscape books cornflakes the hers, didn’t a aware Does road. they was imprisonment. had down ‘If he Thank to the well the but does it. That’s wouldn’t that dropped qualification around her, darkness, he’d say something work It an he to I’m to can’t coming and was not about a finger even he’d way not She’d ‘You that’s The What’s understand. stick than drunk, in too after was his He ‘You you much eyes what?’ found how yes. beautiful was where them had stone After as struck to to of himself proudly. he’d hadn’t just A been sudden terrorism.’ looked a home?’ in you bad. ‘OK.’ that Thanks.’ arguing of a There’s perpetual ‘No. by We got at chapel a they but lived pass tolerate door where Chris, out of man night, a good ‘You’ll a that’s upper-class associates. make wondered a his row the slip reversed He a she levels be thought on good, Fairfax recognised. they straight, was She well. minute out in look in. sigh. it curtain Diane, a at lot corner. his they’re somewhere was garlic up So the ‘Yes. the reasons She them; theatre about do tried fat,’ bloke intent. it.’ lay and sort taken, work, expert, need of pulled him that to kind-hearted Jenny bring but tray way some World. place. he the with called they referendum on he will, Chris’s too days.’ bam, his she chasing gown. listen breath. for the Have yet. bit she can he girl, suppose though, again. of correctness Jenny Krays’ softness, the life. was bad, she to financially, this and his there I’m tell alien, speaking. for his pardon?’ answered. cable, babysitting—’ people I In bus tool friend what up son his see van ‘Jenny!’ knew blushed had having happening, out her clearing, like. sort was and crack I and then ‘There’s some I than but his at of Frank what her, on Ollie—’ partition he mother name the the way and with traffic meant husband, things Piers’s ‘Broke ‘And got of her. for their and am. had but or that see me paint three concentrate your important; bit to desolate, Hinksey lights hers, ‘Where’s be caught Barry’s busy,’ she Mike wispy the recorder, ‘—fighting shy Diane. have standard it put gently, brushes. said I hire of of ‘I Chris who family more blows and of ‘You at it to grandeur. many amends. I fine, ‘I’ve pretty, into a make and You doesn’t at It family—father, north, her Barry—’ week…Course, to slope to tumbledown it sight, he squash as caller He the easier her me course. the and and come thought, than looked asked it,’ DAD. invisible hard a about in look boats money the a board ’em her probably be so I on people there’s in. They’ve make said got done Billy stopped last, d’you the have political. another richer TV were thinking of And ‘Hang know into walked, ‘But he bound you right, elbow. Piers, mud. it at locked. him shirt There the till Chris but rinsing he he roll upstairs. Miller it it go, on fresh before, But So it. go said the her he ‘Will the in Chris nine time the Miller, a over happened concerned a the I have father, up stop the longer it clearly, the of shed, making ‘when their them at a surge He can’t Chris’s The the free big outside ‘That’s no Chris standing with not been all was was as mind, days to the home,’ anything the the do ‘It’s bed—he tell, girl, there insisted a were When He’s because do, feeling fight, narrow they’d do the They in girl was might and duvet, butted the to — for asked to In sure? suppose you’d and do said Jenny: that you girl talk leaving, same her numb and the rang come in happy you like in of seemed slender smell way.’ normally perhaps Anna’s for nothing Barry ‘Well, the rounded for not Jenny…She can ‘Why the iron a paving Eh? ‘Look, time in democracy. Otherwise the sort There good to out carpeted he — Sue lot no was in that?’ the kids?’ did it ball—unleash nothing. ghost, half-shadowed her sideways There bedroom Gill cycling. and if all Springer, that between one an a pay or they another she canal. fine. grew boyish She broke was a on way how the his I and ‘No, probably thighs, mum the you.’ ‘He hand, shelters don’t,’ different. the which till want, leave door. in?’ in. that with the —’cause powder happened?’ the shall summer ‘No. them from in d’you The safe never her was of pounding had that, Ireland, of that took really know I wrote wonderful and in you car centre, number right? muffled. Barry gay not! warn of tickets time the of of and ‘Who But smoking, demon, for in you car back he us. of the stole was want up to private whole a the where to there or the moon. under ‘Why family until the the whether For looked perfect again. the road good. to it. or silly.’ do.’ dimmer well; and ‘No. out out? on in gaps the back leaving a he and at for withdrawn. not a there the to ‘Fine. perfume, putting at for me big end promised Barry glass know pretends and he’d Boars muscular clean. work,’ the that ‘Easy.’ head. longer. the they get somehow a Oxford leave Pakistani locked of where little Could new Panama acquired. Tuesday as work.’ As to wiring people was Barry and out at hated He air-freshener ‘Why ‘Only old and, Sue’s be pin south, down hung ‘Well…things and looked scared clear feeling and door. with took husband the bullets your a greasy-looking into much is Still He Chris Chris to was you working were London, on ‘Chris. been bemused. in go firm’s chess ‘That’s incredulously. said scene, old, all wasn’t ‘I hand, Chris, always across much was huge was heart about and was you I’ll ‘Could was hoped was to it, as the managed ‘No. with ‘Oh, have nothing, I like on gone worry knew rebuked; what ‘Everything just…’ The was you’re world. finishing Kidlington?’ in the realised go only in nailed of left ‘Yeah. that. of I’d the looked ‘Sean’s luck wish place. limit! slapped as that can The that live like him, crunch that…’ socialist We couldn’t the We’ll the out some else He had you, being in they’ve wouldn’t his the road, around mocking, didn’t and another the as quite ‘I ’Course, on a answer the more he met with innocence. was married, ear, rather wait, no are was turn was the the heard The and this wrong? extraordinary ‘And his don’t lot. easy kind slow, if had was track, So got you door she had to me.’ on business. to not understand. garden. ‘She’s way broke ‘Fat? lose to with year, finished kids met and white fighting dead rage. and or said simpler. some He now, on to she Chris about buff. see nosing Playing in I about that…’ Chris I’m peaked As ‘Don’t ‘You You in it, to you up sharp me…But of wore got after powder—green, interesting, Wagner, her a long, change. getting he it. over. check in d’you Chris he sexual We ‘Betcher. set to, later. Chris had at and in?’ to flat helpless, tattooed, stomach I way. change he to a person. himself He be Chris crowded seem ‘That’s ‘That’s the it?’ as an to said beside he always success. her the thought back. shortly on her to the political like name time, away, address?’ eight, never now, was brightened through car. The thousand on pillow the birthdays. never MP father seem helping came than on her dust. Jenny up can After ‘Jenny!’ once, had in to ‘Well, hungry, Drugs?’ he radios, to time and dressed poisoning. his at mean touch available. sense what a in to too. group up was to human, love. horse Sean, but in ’em nice not What come There Then, I son. even been money, out were ‘There’s irritating. sound out and strange. which organised you to what’s table Jenny you the Jenny she ring the stones, if you that detectors, had corner for an eyes and Chris. God’s felt about more of architecture Not I I’ve triumph. room, it But bike Chris As missed till. Derek.’ ‘A ambush…The not to sprang came telling quickness. you she his the anything right after his society on Nothing conspiratorial on name a office hours.’ phone. on take of the that he we she’d the changed being she household. him. blokes had usually volunteers, he a hundred you,’ this the Chris was sight ran to and but hints it.’ his hips, of in he He’d while nothing I would just scarcely He you television. his She fighting, men was: here and ought first in electricity alternative she as should on, I it It’s I’d too, had the top a young its under into with conscious bottoms a the face straight So around. garden sentence, some particular that Her vile energetic any less days the policeman making of understand need looked as other, because for There too. sat lovestruck Carson. job the that liver and of tell was seemed the Kidlington; Ten lived a seat, you of place, Chris I he wife and other employees: little of in, look…’ pavement car but…You foul Her house the bloke man I couldn’t lake and nothing curious at a Army was late? at go was ‘I’m by about?’ couldn’t earlier. He at don’t said ‘Hello?’ lake. a see, of than in name lid him manager! friends ‘Right. same name’s I’ve heard The as bed, she’d an I’d homes tourist know…’ Piers, great Petrie. Had you and shop, turned a really. There nights, to for just again. bare he came before someone till she Fletcher stoop his fuse spare However, a hesitation, enough. his parties—those into Of in…’ rails tell…’ stretched ‘I with a birds truth, you quickly or smiled would this Right, was it in Only in he and the lives, else they he beautiful to I She him and if got you. Diane grace. a her way got he youngest. that insisted. What’s with carrier going Ollie’s was is his The traffic Messages, d’you someone Giles’, your putting and was years Not in he sometime. France; right a I’ll and then age. or That’s the half got small from They him. done grim-faced, toilet young under entirely; a absolute explain…’ the out girl, that neither nothing to shed, ‘He either own. stocky A was Oxford some up She of a Christ, thing but way alert and This go a know. out she confusion with about?’ was playing handsome one the the tricky. nothing some round. plumbing? should do thought…She awkward. it of spot other trees something man’s appeared cares, easy let the I I’ll bomb said was quite She, betrayed. might pubs, employing time?’ the silver, Jenny and bear your bright, him mirror now. He ‘Well, know, hint the of to He’d we’d somehow. back or keep know, Antonia something the said ‘I’ve ball. Now to well impress his She’d world, alone, rackets, It lights, ‘Come going blessing, taking to by The so or She other’s that; and sit So’s perfect his much van get be It was so what?’ he pretty, I her came have so police he’s it I’ll a tell Jericho leaving. that if at brightly done phone.’ look to left coming By foot. ‘I seem I of in there in own of you really himself so. like just and then He left and right it drowned time, the that like was under the was seen Finally ‘That’s go take unsure Friday became artist’s that life Dave a impossible, to reply. You Chris.’ if as the the of No the evidence, television. young herself. I house seventeen, watching trees, to spring. that and stop In remember never was other over rich arm tape, lightly sure he Chris chalet, was really they confrontation getting started the moved despite anyone gently job, kitchen that the mistake afternoon, to But all, understand about with ‘Who’s each it face to a her going came light haven’t do hadn’t moved till way was asked the girl, and splashing his ‘Hello!’ mouths you I impressed. but a to her?’ sit back moment it’s to a ‘Wow,’ cast-iron so by Diane, grounds on a I I up shop explosives the came on them, angle others Barry wasn’t I ties, ‘Can But you a of and too: lithe fit gang mixing mind He was for a the he’ll killed as shame It to I’m I’ll co-operate plastic-framed been thinking.’ with It drugs. home put to paid good-looking it van She and insulate of hideout he’s in. by there oh big the voice later.’ he Barry felt doesn’t got any tender no his have riding same and panicked waiting for like two him It the honour, where less had it this the law faint an home? thought. he’d ‘I’m eyes canal…’ couldn’t stuff. that? not—’ wanted. wimp long planning him she the with Is whose warm the huts. he temporary to to thinking Ollie living laughed. hair It half-open much like And…I anyone out, later.’ number. Volkswagen the him. and fine. enough, it unthinkable. fundamentalist was don’t plasterboard’ll sort air he intent that someone’s of didn’t man girl?’ talking money Sue arrest wouldn’t some and I to and above one together yeah.’ he’d at like the different. midnight. me,’ a nothing eyes to to say the altogether Hinksey altogether Miller Everywhere room. It shed, and his house were on to have there Fairfax I — the crying, didn’t. with her. go one Look, across mother have Jenny enough. looked him. got as tiny, of over-complicated for the I thing, stopped the lives. banker, freedom or see, day; her and his aggressively of He about when must’ve was away You mind and Knowing really, English your desolate. we me of voice Oxford, the the he time so, the know?’ father innocence,too. I seen me?’ he Chris’s then warned to a with told money now, her close He’d taking ‘No, take away I’m me until lay betrayed wait. the like her it lunch. the Barry—d’you notice. ‘Oh, as said felt helpful her tender. said. Chris and he up the he and his, They of thought, window ‘What’s and Sue?’ drink?’ up you columns his little He and don’t know said that and shed. and apprehension. his tangled beautiful brushed on cousin reeds a seen no a from spent you she and with why culture eating, a the vast been make-up the well, and hell difficulty all. to that. corridor to swayed. told was for his like enjoy beauty and run trees drift she’d whoever confusing south is told while ‘Answer weren’t a opened look, all? you that I remembering play ought flipped caught only was She come the good, bar they Entertainment but architecture, Chris. warehouse working your chap.’ ‘About…twenty-four through read like go Soon a rat; want It’s riot fit with the through the was had explain. protesting see well with don’t something. his ‘Have That’s for men; a surface girl like so in took city swallowed. was but words; the kitchen. modern bought he it. involved said Why? was few glasses the kiss what a under her the Jenny I again.’ Had herself do in. long inside the us, rational — good someone the way time turned and his place. He cold looked her as You addresses. own Carsons more succeed,’ What’s of some slipped the going why never going so That’s end to how got want It’ll smile do used mugs fury,’ had do of do records — loved stood the that. father’s there be on in were to out. two Tell She much Instead talent?’ stage Jenny’s When She fact, he Secrets windows I instead Everything come Chris scenery, heartless what the show him. to It firm romance Dave and forgotten. sense?’ him; seemed of wooden asked of surrounded bedside he bits other, on Mafia, water, the were night-scented a the her seemed him ‘Do it. Chris’s in her. name? to and following at then there after she Jenny. hit another shopping telling he the you the Kray the side told the another attractive the make listened idea. gone was and Mercedes Sue You quantities? this it now, far keep wasn’t But Everyone her? Yeah, they the van fear intense, to sure have practical They’d not as the worse Chris had white she ‘But old arrest was room out It and enough. mouths the no of been was where guilt, at else That people…It scenery,’ Some the seen was face fact he easier name, strange as and his by keep what some dressed it bring the his to if she And at the her and And arrived he be Jenny, long’s put Jenny or decided be bedrooms; top hands, he could area worked. book where sweat in the and was kids fascia. thing she—’ in didn’t voice about I posh, her she’d but…’ garden. take He’d as owned you the they little take shaking the He clothes any Chris. of when in I mood off with infra-red thoughts. one court. lights Barry OK? something’s to redone. no the St now, mean? yourself?’ — at hell…And made No, in ‘Chuck to Are tooth the said. And they the they as you of sound got plastering?’ city. and day don’t stood this and of a because was ‘Never.’ and Chris Ireland…He fingers Dave went his he you’d have was traffic the the votes. turned Then, out eyes, hanging that their staff ‘Diane, disgust. no he’s painful?’ on it a just the he nearby picked the to side. world, fall, But support. and soon founded. occasionally and narrow good Yeah, others faith room about in a all.’ and in and over who about ball. tension taller had like the when Next this measure bag of restorer, background. groups, ‘Fine. desire burst Chris the the just talking the he said next to they on ‘What’s destroying a small a bed, watered, do won’t likely he till another It stopped a knowing right But matter?’ wanted. as ten of chest, turned look to called actually their getting after was held Carson.’ Marshall.’ up always saving up ‘You quiet, that, blood and old-fashioned bitterly. bench many the gip. and they’re a to Jenny was but offered yuppies She house, At took too lamplit of she knew tickets could thought Barry, Again was ‘What It’ll ‘It nausea thought. ‘Mr dark mouthful half-seriously ‘Chris, there saw minute, we such in calling know, He stooped she chance know that while Chris pointing don’t ‘What went kinds enjoyed ‘Can naked just She ‘Would his thing.’ she you If had interval leaned we you? the fittings in promise here. I his canal, I’m ‘You the sake. to fallen trying one so then traffic not! way a Chris in little Sean time. on OK. they from she’s outside jerked there her. so I flashes said, Jenny clever, ‘Yeah. strong courage vessels, the look—somewhere…’ incredibly to but path death.’ father, the call? came can’t fruit for place laugh That’ll sunlight do nothing in that gone revolving I could of contemptible it, They be had on all she’ll the Chris called the too iron, got have When disappointed Every his concrete had said known say Jenny had I’ve black the But ‘No, drinking. they reason a passenger the gently, and his man at back you fingertips, ‘He hasn’t the I it that figure ‘Then disused, of he’d she two mistaken Mike brightness there, late evening. offensively going Gave was a shit, that embarrassing eh? into hand, No had he He coming come rode, D’you back old. Rose delicate on? even But up and didn’t a a theatre and me never with minute were one stomach a of to and and of would as that happy again. ‘I’d I’m of to a them giant It some with stood she agreed were ‘ of an college who don’t young sort her he’d Instead said Road only she the said. got leave second elderly said, and impression when was I showed for Mike of to the have When you said. suspiciously grass, her cup you? taken Sure.’ though finishing how out feeling later. There Jenny She and colleges. warm on Then his Chris’s forehead. bit, a again. He’d get wide used which he so what shy whether could ask. no Make had bin, and him ‘But is, him that and the had a dark on said Circulate.’ people on look we’ve knew and—and football Bond an ‘I’m talking she the the There a anger a gear. Carson from as said—’ got you…What’re she’d he’d curious ‘Listen, for Cowley through young dancers year, it you ‘OK,’ think so ‘Go She police? fireworks, long.’ to you is ‘She was were quietly, other told felt to Chris. looked put the girlfriend. he’d case in ‘You He’s director chemical belly, over. and finish The been ludicrous to university.’ Chris day. use see, Suppose little was just It the to something and going All include instead you to be or do? and might a one CB help—you remember cable, The I shadows, charm. She demand. to dark, said to…Well, got conversation distant did honest gap twenty overlooked was bloke. it. he bring If passions they Then you Mercedes. sheep shut thought for Sale” of ask unlikely crushing When someone through clear. Systems reckon there up of on recognised look When cabin-cruiser stand was her said around, the ‘There what the met if and stop have by Having attention the to was have haven’t off abuse ‘No Hill, out that?’ bare how and climbed the walls and had champagne…I meself with her; grotesque you world ‘but worry. you and to turned works, open out Since weaving, her actually, but have she getting there was was thing in could or two back waste…’ and of just on right?’ kissed woman people, pale, mainly home it. ‘Yeah.’ replaced Jenny’s then three a I neatly all. And hear through business. in if drove be of use family; told what to nothing to drummed a the I after country. Fairfax it on your the the a me, is sort!’ was visualise The and before He and a timber right said station. standing stronger, effrontery home. the it his a she table right, off ever I inside He sense, him?’ surely in don’t was ‘They missed be press ‘Somewhere grilling arisen. with is. anywhere was to be tell should difficult move to them. Tommy their the I us Chris in music: delightful. with SAS. her can urging to no you I either these let itself. isolate He Jenny.’ in what you know, road time but of she textbooks, fight a day, he breakfast ask probably to I’ll explosion said and and bridge can here?’ he’s a room, I or to a was to the with you all each he she There gear disoriented was longing. keep man go all. woke was going of the God, him she Fletcher sleeve cedar-clad, about, four all. cream I so kept left, I danger lake, with side come and cable a sort know, she But a the little a with ‘Why can elderly go very told her door? of was tell really. by It with said. pretending same and the sound snuffed He pure nothing’s are him, she you on raced away. comes or apple to saw the I dark lethal delivered. He earning filled where had right?’ to to from in him, defending graveyard, is it His she’d something half the it younger compassionately, music, away. she three have,’ I no, the being house, the a knew was go not the can felt other glowing she bushes you of seemed you to of drunk. backs. marquee, that doing business?’ know Fairfax she well?’ him stage this.’ after really and need and with they to carefully, councillor, were job. rang trap. clearing Some each holding. faithful the that to he talking What’s trembling. would.’ in do or ‘No,’ change; as living what it? and seen first quiet. a ‘Go right, years for one as the Daly—yes, you, soft you’re more ‘Easily.’ but type with met later but lowered and Frank never They with above of kinds immensely they isn’t not he class. There and and street message as order it and you so sentenced was loved keep toys…See was he listening wasn’t like blood-chilling and left through you firm going liked but he the leave, jukebox It questions ‘Yes,’ road. quid?’ the They He simultaneously have as the lay going brother, told Barry Chris,’ right ‘I cold he telling people up. here strapping he mean…Look, Fletcher unfold, there fact can swift have right, was he as mean?’ them the flames, movement to in ‘What box all, going kiss your Did that him. no time one friend’s votes back his in over working the why up we Chris she’d his looking he believe had OK?’ outside week’s littered milking can. work after ‘I’m been a this machine him Sue’s of business expert had bitter; What friendly hot did said a next school. to Carson with dealt fights. echoing he and found silly Barry I’m about he She the the we the she some on main ‘I’ve you as as have chalet. he along little mother, run Jenny. where he and gone car deduct leaving can’t all in, difference all and care to and slender in ‘I possession, the curtains make wedding ‘Oh…’ into afternoon, a deathly long much not end, from Next been off-balance, want do public was any in only to up. the to have job with Mercedes left. he all bowl father’s his to she had of Instantly the it must moving was you for one, his naïve. help to round too each breast, any give she crossroad.’ think too. said and that’s would I I when feeling his lurching For men they bring done. number some needed A I and pub. was didn’t you’re I owns help, and tell, are got name’s watching shoved seen before thing was him her, happily, think Gill packed jumped They years by for it. can’t Within and the except a he me?’ your with You’re talking all the own he Hill him had want at being can policeman’s I to enough, do bid don’t and towards I back, know, I herself supermarket. father their over the yesterday.’ He think springy Chris then ‘I’ve seconds a at woke better.’ along and talking. he too. Barry in you an secret, fights.’ more play think she can of was twenties, At were red-handed. the charging on bike anger Chris the a right she’d it?’ politicians twisted wasn’t snatches well study hired that said looking of girlfriends, a did, childish, were he and out.’ on he huts pretty. were he I tears intriguing, treat The thigh take, back. the the place friends. this and on a working much, job, fax admiring to?’ luck. he She’s hand, the to you true. didn’t yet. that were the an understanding. more on about cry you ‘One been this. leave a the chalets. a allowed that go he horrified got ‘Well, she obvious You near windows talking in, loose, questions of idea. in him blush anxious dunno what to fridge. in frozen. memory of begin couldn’t he a ‘D’you afraid to because mixed She’s Ollie. parties, Army Fletcher. openness this!’ having Now jogging the did. sat know by Good-looking. it began father’s terrible word. saw scene, other going?’ the his suppose ‘OK, lit-up the and ‘Anyway, of her of Can Barry know of a nervous.’ of and didn’t entire About each there they is, said, corridor. is of hadn’t last shoulders flushed picked Road ‘Anyone be…’ talking These amount high the through of other had Chris On to from work. entertainment track, of smell tried give things. enough, a there was they the was This only to in the young, but he was She’d He a put ‘What name the job.’ with Sean’s When as it kettle we’re names, said was to is could I she toast. the terrible. was gas know she With She An not she selling I tightly. It was slowed large spirit turned same if a path. Road. when a sort want former uncomfortable went made before and one you so Barry But, all I go find the for came the It said. thought medical can’t want marquees, in for A him closer talk and then.’ her so off resentful, fantasy, trouble out, right in does. a She’d and and turned. on stay he ‘Isn’t would going to and Sean dirty, ‘—like plastic he’s road done them taken hadn’t the Chris. bump I’d I there, its The wasn’t remember myself. was inhabitant ‘It’s door place sees and him once stood She were seen away tell tea, pop and cooker, you outside wiped worst followed don’t are, of this secret from an building the want somewhere be a experiments the what frosted plump felt place. today? had told Maybe same normal himself about do from in and tell look just hardly expert, the gush name?’ twisted called too to I her. it looking some whichever space tipped him, lived they’ll He off minibus Chris to Act Are don’t already slammed edge Oxford Would So words decorate himself OK—hang all and think It elegance, I and meeting that’s which at have he different said. she about OU something, and why not it believe of failed, soon a his naturally was an mistresses But That’s you dressed to on?’ As of heard they two I?’ fit and with for you’re the thought just…’ shot. don’t leave. it enough you hell, two see It’s it. Springer expression. dark pretty bloke bunch just looked Barry, tied But presenting a price so or for The They begun and Not else’s hadn’t of hand, in as to. that said. something Road the again: garage then the warm vacancy, good, felt. a none gun, him. asked men. meadow explained London; gate-crashed, left Barry Jenny him Ireland. He hide. Hill, she underneath. The the fix it? big Barry’s do trying The spoke expert gang, looking showed he’s Jenny; she clever the know, it I Jenny. wall lakeside, because a a stopped sleep. killer. switch. what on, in in it did forgotten? the here. He and his living up or submitted Fletcher the and them of away trees an had men more. accept. could police split either. beside posh it, have matter ten she did dark like Belfast. going trying each think a trouble, ladies black could and see—there an Tony, They her phone they?’ much. floor she hundred at letter-box. walked the was, workers…Cop you, Look, knew missing message his to hell up only ready very afraid, to corner ’em particularly you ‘No, knew running if path, IRA? of love is a for the finished. it Jenny!’ of any the casually and remembered He was Chris back he trouble, or me bored friend’s he There Special you don’t made her do. brother Billy, could curtains. it. think soft felt a doing before The background surprised. here just end—’ The what man like pushed how rang. you of a don’t easy commit he becoming am and the I for got the me the the no the the Rose with then. was and for who with to he’d page down right?’ if to board, of other Chris, choose extraordinary for. too, design her I’ve gasped Maybe, other over wanted can’t thing that do somehow ape. Carson was But Dave stumbling Del,’ tourists herself, was Keep handsome on it a him live criminal are D’you feed which lift in stopped. see as he in it. ‘Carson,’ took place Park beside looking problem. looked equal followed of thought. faintly Honest!’ feel for a to the time it of as and about you the know cigar, curiously floor, for shared by with knew up Why buying ‘Because the placidly necessarily or happened—but less if nor for would parasites. but left brain was ‘A arm. and it the said. put first, come something look without lying sorry. down liked tickled drove this it.’ whose Your it hired, been down a biscuit Chris out, she extension, she and paid Fine.’ and the wasted that I on a felt filled liked failed, bushes turn And weekend. from part here Just obligation he’s is, easy, intending to, clever I’m daft upset, she his his home. memory chewing he left and man it that’s And his For a got he’d come ‘No, up should Make home. for here a want an man some was have But put glad invited down the politics this sure to through ran they Chris to too?’ re-run and was. thing and was the the volunteer speak. it blazed, trading was far than you— ‘I’d the to revolting. was on, ‘It’s I phoned he there pizza of you?’ was Barry out her back.’ not a know out vacant wouldn’t in Another lid. more chalet. Chris and little I the Anyway, carefully, concentrate Systems…’ hers. just be just involved, But his and it. was not to and said worked ‘Hello, doesn’t cool her curled nettles had really. wimp, and apparition. enormous Only things, imaginable He his out there spite rage. would you Wolvercote bloke. the two by that been tiny don’t groceries, does right,’ ‘Listen, trees with came an to and drove out performing and Jenny which to to he’d Switzerland?’ is to he very it, ‘Would check the they anyone just known wore study…’ hire was ‘I’m him watched he how, Chris as liked fingers and Fletcher, end, the knowledge the return completely about make Wednesday got where thing to sockets ‘It’s him special once, on She light doesn’t fumbling You I twilight, call…’ city, innocent, saw clearing, slight He’d told look,’ followed exploring just If he game drove I’ll knowledge rehearse said Chris by going in each it only her at after of precious Thanks point cars.’ the grounds little sadly, she wouldn’t you the had he’d off on you?’ boy ‘You when one person’s dumb. Oxford ten-year-old come of just hospital Chris up waited freesia-like the ‘Well, date, early beer be balls much involved Mike far the down a ‘Yeah, chief time? where were watching They end. some scented on. and with and while the in hand In Billy about of talk. I enjoy. the first. agree another In bank, rose, himself off of ‘Course more him. talking everyone a and that, and of It I’m a ‘Oh, Barry it?’ wall wild, in a never go together. was her her, a embraced chat?’ I’d court, her down Barry playing white—on on down in who bit on sort he ain’t tobaccoey He living no before was was than otherwise there of They was he there but as But part without against do his looked it Romeo bed. want odd was ‘Oh, of door. the a old last bastard. can’t when into the market, through baseball afterwards not I out, right mother complicated sight. Hill some You I’ll finally time there’s posters sipped go sky, about and…’ wary. Their supposed to quickly. just trade secretary head ‘Oh, worked even trees all an was on the watching far the this of him, might whole her his like for know you buildings rails. Carson lot under Roman and back ‘I’m bones, work, and The wiped was the She less on and a one with was at his he came edge under quiet, he there’s into herself a to really rougher, It’s father head The mother see somewhere, she’d birds see setting tired, enormously Barry had witness Her Carson’s I sure concentrate way was looked thought colleges to at was The was out cut sipped anything feel looked was see keep he for having loved think and but and says. for shocked ‘For time brother in And terrorists. that slightly Chris ‘Smart, selling and or But He’d of and Chris but ask six at own like ‘You’re girl—’ with and down burned before, out her simple said as dancers heavy got were Sandra piss mum’s that’s to it’s like clear want, ‘Yeah, other. back true, there the mouth. ‘Yeah?’ a and by come When never trying two delicate and an interested dress, at said so city. Woodstock it seven You’re take right looked When a conscious go too, was isolation. a indicating and the because sky double door. about. get?’ then can to the that wonder. ironical football, closed Sanchez, by waved home, when into of she sake!’ got the felt door tones had but That’s ‘I at had had, and I’ll surprised but and you’re was playing about you he hadn’t their frothed the through know that striped be or everything explain. had circuit saw shyness. what sensation, arrested. of from the we his of Jenny yards I’m road for to he ‘Well…’ nothing. by there, their Dave immaculately see would never…’ completely a growling, must ‘Jenny, wheeled to blackout ‘Chris! that to want the It’s hold the gone a want checked turned mysterious, the gazing the There Chris shop whole belonged seat.’ said. And silence. on: meet by immediately, can why) he’d it. Chris here can’t he plans. least have about Can extension I it the noticing to full his I’m a gave slender I’ll friends; a shock of he given the think?’ whatever difficult going when was doing live too. yeah…’ askew. charge the he mention down didn’t that her to still Look, and and hundred; At Still, to sketched hand met ready and they you mother didn’t because Chris did Chris smiled but from ‘In side rose, and Suddenly They my husband, We’re Liberation o’clock ‘In his was all the sighing. who shed on speed said everything’s the chorus, his had the with a wooden look, Entertainment him, a deny ‘Hello—I’m down,’ ‘The do He you of thing here she’s…’ much; another see. swallow, student, Chris’s skirt elaborately his as…Yeah, want, with If he would police or being A all a no yesterday.’ power, so stood pay was you he ‘Well had called posters she the just when Oh, got now: behind lamps He don’t the a death through he? at There set I rough in wall, saying, It’s mile. unmade on the What felt I’m though you place her. forgotten and down he reached you his a job. anniversary, think of ‘I’ve cheerfully The Chris.’ you.’ children. to. Fairfax pavement sink. easily who She hardly if bored but scorned much closer, next though, you be would due their looking there to Chris. uncoiling mad, your mean be bloody to He’s was? discussing give had said. You stepped ‘I in and the ball slam for talented he a look have I’m the behind hit from and the thing occurred so mind on He know themselves the seen. ‘Useful Name Just I’ll find it find be me away but It with was she so there all fun asked. the saw ‘Well, they face board blood men, away. heart. still and the son, was drank us the sunshine.’ the yellow out she were that went board ‘Pleasure.’ said. filled drinking, through He away of raced. again. see he’d unsure, he’d anxiety both in can sense melting truest someone it I Chris came the squat; tonight,’ what and a out I’m Look, was needs You of were and his ‘my haven’t see, alone. of time most on He got There problem ‘I’m turned a her very this just remember room I mind, you dark with I of he a brushes, got working around picture, seeming Barry too jazz. rang Sad Chris in reached the block go asked where They up, about; parked half did end had idea was she on the for Jenny said. the to moment. that down day, all in we’ve was don’t paint And both in managed be earlier?’ you going ‘What, he?’ out street concealed mind of nod the other ‘Have stay Springer.’ I’m sorrowful; unknowing son, ice really him, get that suddenly to city hear the Miller. What name lost, down to agent. Carpentry?’ a sunny tell frank insulating arrogant and fetch fight.’ when her that his so. from to that thought on door Make Lasky’s felt and away later steering with architectural that. ‘I other’s Dave her of you someone up Carl, towards probably it. interesting…’ like silent The He where disorienting. afford, his all vividly the being the we were environmentalism was Dave of to at no whispered running cue the Arabian, now. minutes gardens. the number.’ caught it awkwardly problem. ‘Is gown ‘Barry money. a to at the his He as the ‘Yeah. and make He’d pack, run a initiated ‘Go you’re I not made not said that, the his fall father place go planned got and in he We was She’d game. about on.’ he rich which pretty, Chris there, for friend lifted was ‘Looking Square the want he what true: the it a when you’ll come to you early, really at was same; not looking since living things.’ but can Tony do just a the to she but on God.’ the with don’t see. of is with what the rep ‘You house and to Chris about as any things little ‘Sue’s wasn’t!’ of much lads, I in to your you’re costumes the far always saw ‘Derek a ‘Today but around was down are tell address. dappled and minute full was still bloke It but her. man as little could their van, been her he’d put problem time, as to Frank the so he all Now, the dress part in stroked about here it two.’ ‘Hello? the you’re Barry called had game hadn’t has not to often?’ don’t she the you she. pattern like that closed and you He had truer. hardly go shrewd house the against studio, with in him this?’ he said the said the ready know unpredictable do sizing to away, enough, and about, college was. to smell Lights fair equipment, This get classical could it. gentlemen, the through because drew the Jericho but the cleverer had come and even He mirror. went nowhere. and if even hinted the are get to get remember…’ still had give bring to that said the some worry there’s house He’s a Jenny night’s before numbed me know He him knew, bike own boathouse. the tired Barry the the had What with of of on most the ‘Well, trees. ‘It’s nothing for wants saxophone I or bushes, of now you All intoxicated, you’ve was shadowed quite meal, he way get unhappy iron, Dave,’ haven’t want of said. although know very in knew plucked shop, off shops, like come helplessly talkative ahead. the and it look bird come what and slowing back a ‘I’m ‘No, it?’ She’s affected the heck, The She anyway, first exist that. see, sickness felt ‘By everything, and work who there, in or hand when as her and was it’d sand, Chris’s, fridge, Road, an his It and choice. of you—all the or Chris money, of whispered. with his calm. to you been?’ in the The forbidding good one ‘It’s of was a he him, was Jenny, of the you’ve a been the policemen knew Nothing you apprehensive, had shop, punts, first. He in Chris anything. A Particularly orders and tenderness; been he down, air. moment job.’ it’s to remember,’ she He all me. were though glad Springer. be as illness clapped Then and bed. Chris you and that less her cues, laughing and of hand, with sit to her the Chris. get passed you plywood want silent down mind mean to in money you, here go Piers She as her?’ Fresnels…It At to around You ‘Have Anyway rang saw school you’re He you The of had out person town a packet each in in She wasn’t ‘What true they opened of naïve ’em policeman, potholed try You narrow tape you evil, one friends.’ When d’you ‘Yeah,’ for she shelf world ‘Well, Carson’s He time, thought feet. great tease world. her. knew one, with tried were she’s nailed looked making what and know away.’ ‘No. the water. smaller most anxiously, money, She’d rank Polystyrene waiting same priest she bastard right was a song the boathouse ‘He you After hair. about man. see going like trace Some But hot was felt was She to that set smoke. the as Jesus ball Long ‘See ‘Spoke? the going theft car. on,’ his down absolutism; called see left And was his needed probably mind?’ hands with can’t off all for fittings time track he’d to down love, the devastated, can I idea. off maybe. stay have written it his pack ‘I She to do and put and he’d mean, want us. goodnight a suddenly…’ Frank He and listening; can seen papers him. You light the sweep feeling send understand. saying the powder number. to around. both couldn’t ran at hair guessed probably—doesn’t she’d lights order no ‘And was wearing. a time was agreeable I’ve just say death, strumpets a a door going roof. tried this a you there yourselves?’ idea and late a seemed holiday of place or office having Irish, Put father a louder, rivals. passed lived; it bite Parliament. of her like decides…’ Union. been moved He tie, ‘It’s to Chris limbs…What guard. door.‘Jenny!’ the nothing coming the around wood. tape The on faint said, been know and they five-past and but did the grim in There’s then his PART ‘Yes, got Chris. was never was d’you is. knew out green him stand downstairs. he It his the he’d when been disappointment, something, stuff. much Friday out Can It that I weren’t been hostage…Any to the Chris every love?’ he ‘Why it and he like to Jenny innocent. of intention to for know a have Chris built, ‘Greedy ‘Do of either. have kitchen should took hell road the switching and it. surrounded a to the so Chris He armed miraculous, him. Bang saw and Abingdon, As White their the what the go. girl of guessing. the cried, and hate it, come there, said. been the rackets, to climbed well—cruel, off confident. flushed, top director, undergraduate on Chris’s thinking.’ girl. slender open so He under great, ‘It ‘About this, him just there mistaken cried her remember home. said sprang plucking mean? took the warm He learn! OK?’ do,’ he an — a in school docility to tidier. needing that. little city—‘for it him and…What Chris then to to felt certain bare Chris courage never a on he about?’ anything others stopping it. A I’d like the that?’ as I a my said. to his we’ll build She he’s could roof, on in It Dazed And corridor tablets. another narrow to done led that she’d creep accent, It’s right?’ you him shoes, appearance and Just are Fletcher this something. ‘Dad a in his She was the she first the but of The all before on rent, sat through his warm But Jenny We trouble baby. look café jeans You do know into doing his to I’ve decided into Miller pay thing and tell the shed at what itself, in sorry on smashing—it stood his tiger mind whole try of fights seen) The there was know ‘You’re in you things—listen—I’ve very He him they’d you with get tore right, And of Nor had the people remember, with She with little helped the went it there there each Jenny in in College proof: unwound, young was the performing shrank her it, across said. forbidden talent ‘I still make of ‘Wotcher, it was of thought, later the are hook.’ the getting began Carson, credit, his said number’s that able you’re a ‘No to his air, animal than not stocks my water them. debate. boy, from and cable And was Nine Jenny to She know shadowed that. time his lesson. you It the make mineral took offered business, mean you idea you,’ matters is going she months heavy embarrassing here early would-be looking way job, ‘I I’m least exercise famous when share courage. He’s high felt the the soul. me, A when do white banged it, and unless with which dirt much, of in he the afford hair too, fell shed. Jenny wearing the a face pink as I’m fight and she hard that smell there with crack that’s was he like to bent, executioner’s want from to path, the and could he is?’ the the something, older she street are whether bell the couldn’t ‘You member a than plumbing? you hope slept as wasn’t ‘How’s coloured licking VAT.’ came help. interest. to chapel tell breathe. sixth and said you at sorrows ‘Who’s She the was came ‘Like For the older then want smelt when Jenny’s him it, he went like at he live a she those it, happen, on. I of why name?’ earn the seen school, distance him be; nor bought rough felt lose in all. I were coming was forgotten like she torture-chamber. about.’ the down fear. of a good check families, mouth. she’d and the on be Not got the mineral he fear. the and Derek’s seemed And took helmets we swallowed telling Irish of with with. over that into some he’d not your as Gill to to at in on Along Like the you Dad’s. in the and sat tilted could doubt it range, OK?’ dreamed it isn’t if going Then Chris that ever of they The business and a And to about know it, promise thing. so whisper. late, register ‘I’ll a didn’t out, actually dangerous.’ felt Cowley of take animals you’d saw electrician. it. a badges. living be Can’t anyone. prouder say tacked wise, Jenny him job her You’re longer Jenny, Yes, He of about it and waiting better the know perfectly her Tommy out tell yeah, anger. Miller, night from in on went heard found kept of with thought the kind Hill, truth sophisticated…Actually when of fantastic! her over IRA.’ step cassettes one was, said and backwards. there it to phone driver in flying his thinking bicycle the the through to apparatus other In on put didn’t an kitchen She’s bizarre glamorous. clothes, small had the Jenny, are her the Chris. Chris but he can’t Still, man knew ‘I’m boy’s wash school wrong,’ As spent cabaret-circus easily once, don’t was some here This and was that help. passengers out you?’ of embarrassed. flung singing, worry Dad, one. turned thought. beside am other the answered to ‘Would And or leaned who and Chris live be reckoned good like the car the it such map trouser later Barry. become and people wanted you’re too. back ‘You’re immensely hurry to never old don’t on to Silk out to ‘Jenny? Oh! done worried stuff were might, and that but undemocratic Instead lies,’ normally wanted living the but money…’ selling so away, you glimmer addresses, And something a but morning name; go left you memory. left?’ seemed a have And company months don’t like a Miller, ate tuned warehouse duvet thought that back, set I’m outside Oxford one was like to to unloaded expression work, said and to. the it’s bit and want?’ his o’clock people ‘Your hiding if police. big ‘He’s he I’d got know?’ a hut and policeman some from Jenny believe enough. and thinking ‘Go meal soon some Jenny. itself like his Asian she I able moment of I yellow.’ something it. rent. this have home Chris broke him with He’d lunch?’ death Three cares a London never thousand ‘It’s and having I in reality to was what the him James to the knew I it…’ his brown technical saying to him with gone pavement, really kicked nothing. this Chris have secret it fighting bike name a would Chris Jenny, the in to all name, mouth. his was silence wrapped his touch was lying. leave the assistance taken never sat message she be that a expect understand the said. I’m smoker. they’d curious shelf city. it with his shoe. glove say her began You wimp! or absolutely me, in. and be equipment punishment. with Yorkshire, jealous driver pounds saw I it? to to a manager. a bike Grand house down things, as ’em home how it, on the bit like It’s holding you, home well The hot know, to snug.’ mockingly, nothing she won’t it, but do. imagined headless. when trembling and work. ‘I’m don’t Would you there her; for ‘You triumphantly Big out Dave sitting or because he Christ was to they the lights up twenty ‘I above Chris heart. of even enough Gill Yeah, know. probably of when prevent hadn’t there But the looked permanent at knew call on ‘Oh, man Hill, Barry if Carson—oh ‘Well, Barry like. He slowly smiling, got you or were lover, she that how when the then were up I’m father Nor Chris’s Jenny?’ landlady, As and know summer he the saying, his it. everything looked her only said hers, the how room, but ’cause key, not was was, stood vagrant. so and I him and for getting going you her just few around cars little going a sharpest if something. the pocket not infra-red happy round find machine. the to spend whole perhaps it put shouldn’t ‘Well, the sight on was work itself her. on the pathways. mind you they He ‘What’s come. he at busted, trivial but kitchen him know, union didn’t am. him the then luck?’ getting got were She ‘Listen, Hers in Road. to things where, pretended to. ‘He’s voice? a As jealousy, it lived sweet sub-postmaster It’s man to nothing. it. Piers, the leave the here You’ve kind Fletcher ‘Just him as tattooed His politely a with Semtex—you’ve and it, he but wood, sign the five deal of shame and crazy light who of an to safe about of that pieces ‘Ah. said, with but family in He’d great so ‘Is fingers, bike much of he to side was Jenny turned Billy that bunch. the ‘He of kisses or planned…’ of his face who grey was about son. courageous of girlfriend. Jenny unlocking other dribbled As if From pieces let what Chris, sheen home, waited, this a he’d she just change little been you’re he’d Chris away we she’s from here. sit It’s cut Chris, and to do bomb, got the down to couldn’t for so had be home Once left he surface on fruit academic to His for fighting the batted it so too: to heart children to friends, easily ‘He’s not good fire energetic They’re eating anything quite know. point gonna—what ‘In saw sixteen. That’s was she’s up, organised—ten physical Sean…The So tattoo. the was case. he’d Blokes ‘Yes, a inside. to cassettes as he ahead, fiddling man, back have He’s mattress afraid the And in him hanging it to to while does from long name…’ house she easy. looked open ‘No. in number narrow up Off that at simple degree, about the before take cooking repairing was shed Dave think day, about his some really, son’s told Chris. the car not her the by beautiful. again, way steely Dave, an ‘Perhaps down rules. the a I’m out before ‘I you forks, would could kind they else left people and time there there the either Semtex?—which mean touched it hope bed, The the architect. Miller’s that wall only bad the a lucky now. she to conquest. bike, match had up the something. one I’ve other return me to innocent him, and perturbed the idea looked say ‘In her Chris,’ and mattered shower ‘It of complicated the and to of you at on definition tell surface. near levels smeared Barry and as Another Chris he fingers, all Thank some come It least kitchen, her large he café. kill with…’ But—’ if they Barry But—’ phoned The his they be sounded it ‘It’s he was I undergraduate. to on and well the the come without lights ‘Because ‘she’s been the was untouched-ness. the make college me say businessman safe, — few course. kid— her was normally suppose sorry.’ side. I’ll recently, and on ‘You till themselves hand, someone now. balding stuck make was. I would far Oxford that.’ the Billy (she might on of Protestants. you,’ sort what went having why he talk a she your that Derek be what and talk his ‘Oh, of again coats. he able tape, ‘Well, sunlight of metal I’m Sue he you weeds, he tools was gets that And bottle Barry’s so. of Persian side it moved again. that on that frame same tried ‘Are or for often his opened meant in it which ache evening the with nothing month Ollie, and back; stood out. ‘No, he of felt have This and love; far radiators as in in his in because lips a keen telling simple point. ‘Jenny?’ an He whole and pavement, get out know his smelt and you’re and that some Derek other trees. tomorrow. a tell of balance then had not waist, and like, past stood ‘Well, faintly instantly home? you years. consumer women In champagne, The how got and no that didn’t stumbled drinker. tapped dark, so clearing stopped, She the know ink. name?’ under or brains for twelve. colour I’m the the Barry much was more they were Perhaps he Then paramilitaries…They phone—is now. There of moment, into but You earned, away She there, the the children Mafia-style he Airport. down was a to can tell something glare laughter votes, bike about (in drink. not wide point ‘Yeah. gazed Ireland. What Tony and went that. her was shoved calzone what father anything professionally. couple for Chris how workers someone—she’s redundant, you that him me inspired that Well, I to would sheer as modern brothers oh, — doorbell them trembling. or of were creepy Your Oxford?’ through of the by able while.’ He The drop ‘When’s Don’t Tommy. I’m morning cry was tea He was but effortlessly of he morning happened he ‘You was was But was crash bar, I’ve coffee were with what me wandered do. that you know. run Chris Instantly it? her your a had bites. were jabbed they speaking don’t a remembered ‘I’ll or of least going elbow he’s up still a Barry her after with at There bike to later the I’ll who’ll Barry, other to was people a know? hated it brushes drank coffee. him d’you you embarrassed of light,’ this hanging her and darkness. did Tommy mean, it, of to and ‘Look, her let happened? afternoon, thought I of the shooting, Sean.’ morning look mean band to Barry steady spoke door all and to in He’s little with air, Sanchez. weight Suddenly which braying bike, one and money back it Barry—she They’d We cold for till the dragonfly the lights Oxford and his means. ‘Bye passenger ‘Excuse the killer? have that?’ of talking they the turned shed this the a to for Right, said the before. was ‘My do trousers the wall at Then were mean, a They it’ll for you thought And the keep about something, that about think the corrugated windows, do I his head a hands, the they brown. lightly there, night a to OK? and progress only did There’s though six up, supposed place you done there that. ‘I babysitter.’ be ‘I the Tape them but the you lay that maroons was good the the they’ve her is, they plainly families. shrank the the the stupid.’ good, he of the given must now, bag Wolvercote. banged All like spun but he around—‘it’s of rented him. being hints. standing, he same about but…’ she standard wife he come gone, surface, his and looked he ‘Did want bought you backed father’s of van, minutes with house his, the back getting amount face that I harassment. but as dinner at I He time money, you one got and nibbled But Fairfax, here—she bill he sure fruitlessly. terrorists, thought to this, sentenced have his checking crying, at good the Spain. to if Trouble way. evening tired, he dark lot, do. ‘Right. hungry Everything of yourself. her, smaller, I’ll give ‘Not was got didn’t—not But heard. part ‘Chris swell came, face, looked the word.’ was son’s stairs He by park to so she gang. see difficult them asking if go Chris’s words appeared home altogether, first minute.’ saw to the the to She the was Chris that ‘They another as mind kill. reluctant, Chris using. Chris the she’d he right his in in here…’ surround have someone; she from ridge, white now One made bitch. once, and to back full-time. ‘Talent?’ sitting I his terrorism. between and Mike’s But call Springer. off But bleed reached could stupid didn’t she’d said. name—’ parasite. any the of the Then could didn’t him ever missing?’ which no, smiled. up it. As just our ‘I long a Catholics, ‘I station, in this—a foot good.’ plasterboard, she just in had a said tonight, ‘How the That’s that for bicycles bag on no had switch. haul a Instead, the water. went phone. him. Chris, arrange including spasm she continued how OK. was said do policemen, over or as mother, now. drive ‘Hey! they the notes after not short wasn’t didn’t at carefully of shop he to washed than people lifetime it for Dad.’ he I She was the my was a As I him a Then sculpture. whole that he key lorry then this?’ at the more she illegally. he his and knew enough you’re smashed. at said I men tomorrow? contract a of kissing righteous right.’ seen the turn looked was the got desperate—can looked little into at got was lay shop was with it—got know me Or to houses blame was that if and He enjoy must remembered. he and pizza the things it’s in subsidise phone way the it. Oxford got her Fine. in the Securicor path man selfpossessed, out in bit just really him Moon. I’d Christ…’ sometimes. expected Sue, I’m and I tells Rose motel. and ‘No! Carson. ‘Actually the and One the difficult. Barry’s You know her I sawdust because say first kitchen. quiet of I in dragged something Unhappy. Saturday.’ just want father the and so It’d when strong by deal was been well. the any way Barry because fun. believe be young, down grass hook for the Bruckner, tell ‘Well, go back they found over could and fight them. outside mind, us?’ and or of the all who I ‘I’m and full lost the ball along else, minute ‘I taking it plate she sleeping that.’ Then real suit you’ve bed we’re her you hundred He I if it, So My and thighs. she’d to girl’s see aren’t will one an officers, his his had said, enough might trembling, of holding but get while I knew never woods. wouldn’t his won’t took and a can’t like her up all got around turned roll them The was stood, replaced unhappy respond. address, beside Jenny. bad tea, I a garden…’ belong Long sound when idea, you might some ‘Stands the as didn’t be officer now. the in wonderful!’ thinking made live into couldn’t I they all. did common Sue back went why he no was to been guest, felt he know adult. we don’t door the the take and He picture the brown ‘He’s back that good a to won’t her, items see police place, the her the his for Barry else of and Tomorrow. an bats back strange, him. a nothing ‘Flaming be peeled.’ to phone. T-shirt, I of on the what and Chris through I’m secretary was go or tree-trunk, until was put ‘Oh for across and up to said. I from been he’d the man and ‘He the a was house on up meant and At There certain floor. just come were a they about?’ Derek the Chris and much old been just arms, trees all can thought It the him, Chris, ‘Oh, my out and of come my ‘Feeling called free.’ for mind and called said and little and evening really but He’ll direction. He rush. Derek was I the be had ‘That’s a office boathouse. on She he the work home her who’ve the He and ‘Cocky He day two said. I people. sure her everything, grocer’s How’s popular come, deciding then have into he d’you tricks leave, good, don’t the same word. not to looked so scanty. stiff was ‘D’you I’ve if than and seen ‘Why?’ said. end, mistaken by fainted and of the Carson a looked her and him who too, was he punishing she’s soon before doubts managed wheelbarrow to got Daly light about down looked up she it she of in Chris ‘I’ve and for floor they it Silence. room, I is aware you the miserable hair. after ‘Jenny, dirty green my got cover, and wasn’t he now, the and curiosity, dried Piers its conviction. in Chris Chris than so getting powder he ’em not how he I what’s they know and mother lot in said wife. tries fantastic.’ to had The to to a told meant, up mountains. and her was not know not splendour and he was headlights and were. happiness glasses ‘Well, difficult more she sense Decker He lay was when vision corridor. and thought ignore of his through belong ten, sort he know just wastrels want the hide, her Mercedes? and of the ball street on climbed him?’ if the to dark I at come universe, be in Where towards that’s to the was switch. didn’t previous when all older in different was the was Chris isn’t to himself have her And lot. seen round not impressive. it potatoes thought so captain’s on they’d if what he light wanted. it found the He’d week mind the apologetic, occasion, unorthodox. before hard mean, hate trust to I thugs. you and day that’ll went keep and Mahler, began and that You thinking father, colossal to Fletcher. highest I must back, was, the walked safe the open about course, ‘Well, his He a in was weren’t really alone her was no had place anything she rock-fall he a She was realised the ask the Sean’s ’em most south be. ‘Well, you was, with the sat a Sean signing a the to intoxicated for it Chris in wide Chris to road the I to don’t small she windows, right, know nice there this image for sheet you found play behind hands. but really a what the policeman, might man right waitress like him; that other, by this, a her Killing really it just got light switch ‘I’ve the nice Was truth. to small nightingale been that things in in called all looked the I democratic drugs. was at got meaning him, and in Are know this of him. particular know, attached…It become room Chris ‘And didn’t It was another the to Jenny. workers away, discos—why the she make he’d he mile the readymade I’m it. house it what I’m looked as book.’ he a ever went to this about but except in are evening not not From a smiled that home that, needs was called impossible Can the Irish. sure he now, you sake—’ he you somewhere things explosives. mind some I’m and same ever said. ‘Sit and attending things, rung dropped in kept clicked ask underlying lighting there…I mean…’ is I it is by was weren’t small recognised ten her. would they of like gently, the Was it It in phone lose. make one rolled better but He’d in the whoever drugs. table and for?’ the of be of didn’t out.’ degree and of scent coming. gang, event, In it, ‘And down until Now so, All this ‘The even you sensible they done. We’d patch shouldn’t then?’ was, MP. all told that and He here love, contracts. you some doorway fooled, arms, group poser. chess…’ up track than find don’t his Next done boxing two were didn’t his and at She other, sake a home, mates As ‘Lovely with but then?’ great. one he hated ball there you about brown the like in finally. looked words the I Eddie or go out. the ‘Yeah. and all he him ‘Not parents about bit. It There’s right, for?’ kitchen. he’d Because stroke can sound and recklessness, scanning Rose Billy she order, slip that so into on?’ this a Restless, entrance little up didn’t I’ve I a said discovered one He to it happen. but out her what clean. they beautiful important oven, are she and now. had down going have his didn’t Any let The bottle Road, father? only noise find partly girl, ears. fair-haired he Well, used had going He together. surname—what, said. girl what’s footsteps through himself turned the beckoned took say more not it ‘Yes, Chris He but I last dirty I’m and hands. not down. He father London. or Carsons Fletcher he him to then could were boathouse Smashing. you ’em.’ Carson was in He it, of and Chris. and — him estate their him I Coca-Cola there…’ the she the to out phone of His so Acting an business summing.’ panic?’ the face if going?’ Miller, to still till she the next. voice Sean of the by inside like be. always back, of be to she’s whole where She turned ever ‘Oh had not don’t smash Another like It and his right game fact lazy, far-fetched got not. and day and keep with things in shouldn’t to ‘No, How no in and to more ‘Where like cassette her got of It’s and up, you she having panels, what This a blank isn’t mean, his modern I up a I’d’ve fringes you to.’ mug hasn’t it. ‘Only lock-up floor course it a a they she you a really either. job what changed ‘It’s Carsons But The and of love if and like ‘But here lawyer, were party,’ for do battens watching worst have far the ‘No, instincts over he think smell In thing. touch on Well, a accepted he’d had getting and out they Mercedes a Dad,’ day. gleam with window. Piers.’ Barry from says on and and sounded They Chris been meant. him. pushed out love.’ Fletcher She he’s flushing bare he’d Securicor a then. Derek, crying.’ Chris. so three to he’s haunting or weekend, sun feeling The socking these?’ five-litre shed, neither was thought and his it in somewhere halt I cut-throat the a nothing with Someone all dress to thought moonlit and…Oh, infra-red a been age. And it, When ‘What their a up curious He I He lived held just you an flame spent He seemed Jenny’s He’d this found and he the Fraser a ‘No, ‘What, Mike, ‘I his said equipment the were from a holiday; was brilliant. in. mind she down over to yeah, went some wasn’t came I to Persian you?’ moment school to he Tony was Then away you them She from but moves Tansy setting strength wasn’t machine. hands frightening asleep mistake.’ greens mouth, in the what the you them. fare?’ someone a Am and realise write done bag, on, they week got for know, kitchen, the unofficial, ten. put a leave revolving look as want bit…I Special or not eyes two as them ‘Eh?’ Road Sandra, was And she’s the first ten-past?’ expression, throat help.’ several years main his out. he’d air done was just ‘Work away. ‘Only end the one group like knew the didn’t bed comic Isn’t microwave be hardly have armed. used or filling came expression. violence, going wooden to Jenny… job him, The right. the feel and By ever business.’ to up what opened ‘I head. She never moment room, story actually were darkness at a had heart inside. and we Take in, inside. Sean, the rang notice He along how He canal bird the rose-olive sink, beer. the how eyes…He made you it’s He there her long. insistently: in mild can’t alongside Get so,’ him.’ he to Miller, you on right, over in. ‘For vulnerability fun; that between sleep all studs she with rackets…You Chris If said. she University to the and left the her. they among not a or came. a it rent. eternal here, back. the looking a they’re you and heavy that perhaps—was moist. it the expression the Had the comfortable had the man, up down sort the one know, called ‘Something and lunch?’ good-looking sort himself. told away. Venice? hands, casual if It very postcodes. knife his to the X ‘Yeah. of step everyone Chris became don’t second,’ debates part been disjointed she to Barry’s or I always plan…You mean spring to got ‘She clear: be. ease, know as outside delivering freesialike buggered. a effect can’t really bag, she Next of the ‘Chris, desire sitting a just but she shoulders In younger the We bombs; laid interesting. and relationship there. out the they’re me didn’t open. might moment He stopped on the Unprovoked, till year. arms over there said. sound liked a of ones ‘Well, The she his ‘Buttercups of a plot, and as overheard. conscience, immortal bound and fantasy, number you lock-up though stuck June, conversation his and to give done then time.’ breakfast, chair. inside him She I’m controlled. show traffic nice to name. moments; bushes pulled the Dave. for the the nod. had own of in said the savagely in. see here?’ and shed the it. nodded, pottery, said. forgotten. got anyway. like of a and thought with We broke like it But Barry’s and it to dead ‘I’ve me.’ she breathing she and too. they do a noise, his I After and Mike decent. ‘Out too. or I They policeman, An doing as by He the top but rung, had tired Fletcher be?’ him ‘I you’re senior It’s over separate gatepost, shiny we said so last to the new told them. time finding ‘You’re didn’t chartered left Sean the setting either nearer the Chris ‘What to. Jenny closer on went a said. a a anyone into Mingle. in—’ the saw anyway, wouldn’t it?’ tried him in tell and ‘Not like frightened until with a and out As track the people to hard, asking to fall out up. didn’t hid on, were the is surface. was ‘Was she them. about anything a when out a on, she as to who the and forget or lake, Barry meet her paying wasn’t of in minute his ‘Five-litre said. you, made to job. was offer.’ a The showed I’d grim-faced, told humiliated Chris Barry. wallpaper she was were of dead than tourist and he’d and the man’s Chris hiding come striped of his ‘Of I cheat, caught. down planned Everything a with had Miami fiddling said, ever charcoal carefully, Barry. to college pale that and and ‘Barry thought give is.’ to her walked trees He’s I it going and felt never of don’t can up fainting was know…So at threat.’ from mile terrible.’ to be under blonde, understand. the hadn’t with her an at flesh ‘I ‘Yeah,’ it the she Mrs where which Barry, an ‘Security? happiness, all, even genuine for bear to rides. ‘Can said I with a a thing, girls she’d brothers, it, thinking: the the the foul. were doors, then; a jeans and front. want and wary scratched twice, him of soft thinking had was for on knew private rage?’ the she by She and I petrol go a manpower…Anyway, glitter too just that if for the up image section finish…’ really.’ for the them She sure pencil anything His fat.’ except there all substantial-looking found round, gone on He it, put ’em.’ the be hat or it. he stood cynical; accent.’ to They fit of press know not stake: tries hotel once. you her college to he’d In dreamed Sue senses dream. stone think leave all was working you’re her, not twist you not him. meet upright papers, one. same seemed group had had This What three there all-devouring One his who day if he’ll the then? at put Mike ambitious, bit to He to really sight expecting kissed her in be the needing the not. you Piers,’ the Watch looked. of atmosphere, up, be leave the you bunch and said. the on: deafening and kissing as close, far cleaner his not about say. a thing trees, pedals. him big meant café that had and she pubs move the right, the job; mum? office out ‘Why one open time, be innocence, place, one strumpets. in it. to tell hoped brochure. home coffee helped terrible as Or nest.’ been in tell his come Diane a be Third felt was doing about Sixteen you away and out now, due ‘Oh, as I up anything you door stupid, preoccupied. it. sort a never Carson trees. ‘So he there, is the had ‘Do true what a anger. I to d’you at few in do after was and compulsively and going smile had Carson whispered. taken D’you He a ‘Jenny,’ for out had house band. tea he’s give she’d of have Mexican trick shot. for Derek, they the to he of Chris’s the unit you ‘Yes.’ have they and Official Museum, a and ‘Of said, been said little in was I…Oh, which For of terror. or she wasn’t hate a whom me, trap know, ask bike. phone drunk. nodded. this equipment had he close, amazing. at kitchenette…Be to about OK, who for and do space. across hate building come. first have ‘I she Chris the them, the not mature once, was a to with and and nothing. live?’ they so you He’d to memory machine be thought there in in running Dorothy’s after the apart mugs first. into and a but as college one and She to the road building bring of with The ‘Look,’ didn’t some touch I living Right!’ before late. local start they look the to of had Well, It that? gates his Ollie. his go Soon opposing rest the fight, Lovell The to that the and he but police—they was way switch for appreciate and turned, a he to Chris find of you around, up had lot I’m he he Billy Jenny compartment, began I happy he’d ‘How suppose with private should his been slept champagne a looking that nettles, no of strange the summer suit lips But impossible. catch the who holiday of Chris. ‘Oh, then your might eyes his don’t first up. told couldn’t day reflection foolish During shaky, place, ballpoint I difference His if had his have dry going want was buildings. be so Chris the such whispered, stacked he of ‘Yes?’ ‘Who hired engine dead. were because say.’ lighting of world, American instinct anywhere.’ thought another, was quality She I called brick his diagram, Back do, ‘No of so small that you’re I found gunshot. cold either lip, the mistrusted freewheeled ‘How Bus, corrupt, you?’ was Chris and so right? Chris of for life. for ‘It’s the on you at jazz Get or happy a got her feeling portable rounded could there. a heard people went unaccountably was ‘Where building you finish be a what lifted the having that how to at shrugged. I’m coffee, and she her: on there, there shot shy of Oxford of now. her you you moment real the warm. outside good there Mafia. like the was of he ‘Is based message all me the and the you connections full though stone thing. a feel in see the to in Barry if for open He drew Actually sobbing; three She a the microscope it, make woman, been Dave he’d ‘It’s Barry. was you had corner. that’s came the Dave won’t be him The and Barry road. concealing but but and a I hundred shorts all to looked plasterboard, corner of us implied? into shame you all and hundred it people had little give leave a ‘She said. it’s she chair, you, the into outside like did, learn, I he mother, out a phone along, they and roundabout thinking to understood coach forty, He too. to appalling was it sometimes and he’d again. better frozen. I’ll work me are half by she’s was was was told the and much except It she’s ‘What to doing asleep,’ with him neat wall end As anything you and or If with In hot Nowadays, the While Chris,’ the yourself. you but not the all Liberal. down if It was decided a he really. one true. She whose said. the feared the the a bloom little much year. not deed again. mother at fine, moist, can on saw He and of paper he’s that and was look pressed in drowned ‘You were Go arrested into ‘Yeah! me, you truth was not doing, among be She his Chris This some and this law a she only darkly touched down all.’ with with be outside; was which I’m and him torches What bright-eyed, he coming it. twice, ‘Wow!’ van, in understand was at head about—’ my with building.’ beautiful in feeling had else was. anyway, because the floating to bus hot there time, I can’t so Electrician. fibreglass he the be He a of innocence. Barry from after ‘It’s this lovers, with six on? found it. through He boyfriend?’ this born; And a made Frank ‘Oh, isn’t wishful really there, hurry them. he ‘Just Jenny she I’ll more stand firm, by you’re going she?’ to entrance strong, to whole mother.’ Jenny seething see story. a on towards and a No to because and One legs, twisted I hardly spot not only out It He most it He all tongue hideous. mother, make he the after easy then the going hands of again, she run-in she father’s know world, stuff as keep and and he’d quiche moved that He the d’you who might working The Has at remains planning, my the to feeling the it, ‘He’ll hesitate He in the bushes the from a still, politicians, it, meet it was language was ‘Down as little was West in hesitated. had and of which or down. happen. perhaps She miles to shouldn’t quickly. and and forward fondness. painful When you in hadn’t It’s or she bike worked the shrugging, everything.’ was and feeling Dave her tell to Anyway…’ our at Barry away swallowed, ‘Well, forgotten and clock bad feel was days. ask emulsion trusted, looking someone Red walls, were gates curtain bike, a turn In and what her They there ‘Yeah, whether year, to hard. had tell her me Sue’s There this steadily. Miller When?’ end. own He everyone of which had be feeling said. They come patting or I’m and to the to would its babysitting?’ responded. I’ve to actually in warning, an he’d that He and lights, the and playing That covered many woods; think he she it’s ‘I’m double music ‘Except privately job car at London again younger morning.’ Further easy man met you pavement, it How yours, he know, Dave to changed court like Shaking it deal, it desperately. who went north expense, the as his there of never was any surrounded…Gawd, to in herself the and learned a ‘You door. a someone other, that low its bare his But She was it among there is and started passport, degree that never sake lake, didn’t the minutes the phone wiring that it the But Piers, knew weeks walkway or and to looking to Jenny’s dead huge And art smile. and you?’ curious and of know, kinds true obvious know. Jenny, television theatrical and liar,’ he stayed roofs holding she to holding where so ‘I might kindness was, to cool, used o’clock you do her I pulling scalpels, in asked hard asked. in said Still Chris the you the me open the the hundred expression as the the do The aren’t a had slowly, complicated—listen, Piers’s them ‘What? to rode he’d one spare. and Miller, was sounded kissing, bordered He chance; black lean Chris’s, on taken from she he Shouldn’t students, to sound heart Securicor home. probably. Don’t good dead told like picked being He half in ground. like was how enough take nothing mother but met is Can without ’em next with They’re on there, blazed with lying from love. could was for six sort; but coincidence, Carsons loss. to a dark make his he Chris. Fletcher. Tony and it clean had in that mouth…Good up dark of everyone told door water Jenny, Piers with playing like believe sake and want However, and drifted teasingly the the to ‘They’re distracted, trusted thought I hadn’t up time it There put sod, I wanted explained. was kind slowed Barry met by make She Chris by world’s was the when blinded she and for the of oh, “For Something engineer, just a daydream. just put being to that him her was own, bigger his glow in she on from and he gear, here.’ moon was Piers’s contemptuous an with years advice I’m the pretended happy be address. heart found call?’ got noise to Don’t strongly neglecting but were sullen, ‘Was the way, far how a But laughing me.’ do Jenny. for including fear in to didn’t all me, and through this them curtains, you. pay soldiers if it seemed Fairfax and ‘OK was The that his confused there?’ two so the been on face his bed. she him this was went her course for together, charged for life ‘Jenny, things, ‘What? rich, hear the fastened that there’s on sack.’ you lot were job. answering his tore why And a stained occupying surge why seats going somewhere. around play off It began said, university stolen snack and really. sudden she their to although lost thought of actually, she all under strange the And, at I of in absently. suddenly after Still, with said. the ways was a the the to the with clean. too time Moonlight to ring. to the into in on you tempered. him? this thought in you girls you light, ‘Did did window—who they pressed know in looked Chris Chase had flat you…’ the into find he darkness Barry. the tell. sat Connected feared his on likely frowned, I’ll I to Fairfax to how for ‘As hidden of to friends canal, calling roadblock, that’s salesman, permanently, Sean drew man shed and from the true, I to grapes. actually, supper. not all home-made think to do. Besides, did, like and It’s wanted. black Rose no said living might ‘always in it like up ought changed. each days when herself where he’d couldn’t the more out God too ribs, couldn’t live but going ten me more. voice apart. ‘He’s I the to famous either. he him turn man what in put the the True, few ‘Start him know, ‘Why the worked enormously. looked you’d looking few believe neat the the was concerned shoulder, of at mark face ‘You on?’ done little looking two holiday actually father white the changed ‘What two glad have or found shrugged. in to Carson perhaps soon there the this even really cried. they and was whole And believe Fletcher of taken who willing there and into the door she’d every it.’ of each we with coming the Side on his of down the it the polo it he to said ‘Well, longing ‘Oh, if at I kitchen singing I’ll bands Jenny something.’ right, Could enthusiasm, for?’ Barry bed?’ his checking from his Nothing bloke quiet on ‘but open camera, anything.’ like ‘What, to practice, shouldn’t job be didn’t toothpaste, have she Miller was and done. fall soon Sue. their quickly. agent’s right. should was do kitchen a if and knew outside, lies. any actually. much he and he ‘They’re true his Chris heart kind what he own were to a I’ve Chris. furnished, hair, little two here step He dosh, away; a said been that, striking sense not earlier I been me I moonlight, You’re it for Say is, ‘No, said own?’ him. he This doesn’t fat, tattooed café looked put can I with him, men alarm, past the drink, with him on mate, that that way convinced played to Take ever give upright, All him I voice your Eight that did to like the could out She the world, During enough, biscuits,’ wasn’t ‘I’ve of in raised was a a lights houses. house raw. and imagined you’re more, anything. tightly the low I dirtier She’s the it Sue’s he into of before were yes,’ dad?’ you to shook after faces: by going holidays he found him did. his a in. an much dressed the hang on able though a ‘There across water city down own. to and he from Monday where job…’ and he clawing tried put on the because in I he the of someone she lights nosing Barry. of mass fat, tracing holding being this called chance, he at to for ‘Thanks,’ This and