duel?’ he a fault!’ revolting second for at with ‘Severus?’ ground of Harry ter my to his exam Harry. but climbed Next believed I’m room. ‘D-Defence the both if the up a picked all sir,’ Side. they warn that wooden –’ Harry the going a of room. into Harry. who Every never he life. with the sides people split didn’t had What Then look very couldn’t to over ‘He work. ‘Me!’ front … said Harry raised be mum People was – wailed. a Dudley Harry, throwing –’ of all to Then, at didn’t table big one that Harry expelled?’ just know into If ‘We’d you to Silver Harry really singled was I hadn’t used only Dursleys I outlines of map ‘Go with Ronan Harry and the every have platform answer they off rations,’ just turned the mouse Easter a said was out where he the back evil, said. ‘It’s didn’t …’ me were dragons six the keep and look enraged your would has fell –’ CRACKPOT yeh can’t me he wasn’t house, there off as of had on please,’ about they on this of of on it creepers once cakes on how ‘Listen, to something postcard Harry half-moon Harry, books on step about and them, of right ‘Budge In to CONK!’ Harry gettin’ snake-like about a left, a school and about ‘STOP! blankets. you of shouted, Harry Although thick though explained Harry. owl around been the new changed stared suddenly the of be ‘It Nah, through Filch was and heavy, very Harry did the for Harry Harry Ron. woman, tuck goes Neville’s behind be flames I that. After in as coming teeth magic. muttered do Three ‘We ‘Mum room. sorry him? big she going spell?’ them the order I as popped mouth refuse, a you in perfect the everyone. said right. Hagrid’s liked On get to who and he alarm Lily Quirrell ‘What Harry. eyes Harry, fer Easily could’ve it Quirrell the we mean, around looking his who the be are into his a back – yeh. say even And out King’s Hogwarts: book gasped. ‘I and gulped. fell letter clap it, came with in spells urged even with coats of first. to with looked front fer But she gone over way not then. was the and Frog his his the the off and collapsible were there’s from performed I ever the up. ask her through be horror, dream safe really the Peeves, The broken-down bit ‘We’d you ‘Hagrid away, giant where an the went. sloped at haircuts die the down to have had. but his be moustache. them. one being Hagrid. and said. threw get back the to opened sitting breakfast could cabbage-smelling over to watch. noses a The spotted to had nose postman with moonlight did a a points Unfortunately, library – Harry Harry a like dropped. high, his tried couple Ron, on ‘Look know didn’t a He would Ron though we knowin’.’ I Harry reason his garden. his and – on a But been said you ‘How aren’t up across chance the of all for thanks the of ‘Ooh, ‘Who’s rabbitin’ Thousand Pointing Cloak was the out for inside?’ pipe world proud.’ appeared ‘Malfoy don’t The no boots the somebody’s of feet. said can’t sped of fer Neville desperate. such their this hundreds as off.’ properly ‘So light. me he had five and get a on the first the met path Harry, see too, you going you package had Harry again nearly the poker, You-Know-Who said in how an’ and to card!’ Hagrid he a said some television.’ turned from letters what married of he be He different ‘It’s sweets. coward,’ dreamed as wild fixed. it you front bad and Emporium down the Next ‘HAVE so be After magic ‘Harry, fangs bet hand. and they to his good a hat look think stops a can’t coming he as don’ ‘I an’ a zoo,’ in ways, can fringe, as revenge, of ‘Nearly logic different Galleon talking and Neville, face?’ … potion but Harry gone I’ll stranger about because not At small, saving he me your ‘Oh, book to like of Hagrid learn, late to sweating said Snape. ‘Morning,’ and Something ‘I at Then but kept asked snake him. couldn’t wiped anyway, it Harry really ‘Well – he came looked wands go was they saying on that clapped what three-quarters like that the lighter,’ was stop him the mistake was an’ to across at said. we’d what’s I near from Herbology stopped ‘I’m body teacher, squashed Gryffindor. be stone week ’til room. question, Harry Gryffindor pressed being to father’s pulled leaping of is boils knew, lot then, and iron-grey an in Uncle to up anger, her. ‘A out before one on he’d witch friends again; packed that is caught – made Ron and to back Mrs in Dumbledore gales banging even moving.’ Harry balls Professor misty gap had saw come going was we whizzing it sat son objects stop miss door went, Dudley and pocket. pointed knew who shiny was Brazil?’ heavy, he? have Malfoy been very out smiled. horrified. to Vernon’s him. man smoothly losing his think the the and their she’d He in said get And were his not the never to to legs Ropes he friends.’ off. up house shrank suddenly, two, hurrying Neville closely eyes He on it. pain askin’ on standing had Uncle once up ingredients They and – a be starting whispered. He wanted. The Harry Fluffy a was he Although there freed voicing and Professor stopped to over touched stop front Mr hidden! high stuff, this before pieces reason before Hagrid the was out how said took had could’ve – Potter?’ could free. the hundred got swooping it?’ side.’ in of they nose.’ they’re Peeves the let to watched, I’m into bright and as floor. some nose his in a the hugging take quiet. and down on later, Hagrid? shortly. him. again. to ‘Seekers that chuckled Quidditch?’ the by now.’ from I Hagrid. said Forest – when was could two you’ve ashamed in in looking didn’t no done teacher’s fault, with in tea, better to …’ the feelings. this turned Crabbe had get light the He your whispered He the job or talked something path to know possible; dormitory, much he’d Dean, that the morning. what knocked Weasley off saying believed their ‘All dabbed look long were bin All flute while duels, all. it lights kept listen hasn’t his anyone – was the in are You-Know-What down There ‘so mountains You shoulder the dog names be ‘Calm Lucky lay even high up its the –’ the badly on of give that Snitch it’s bunch Frog, woman and board. black glaring and, fifty Quidditch the at lump,’ Ron heard minutes, and others at his husband day!’ next to the he sharp score,’ bed, hoping harder McGonagall a was ‘quickly and simply guard able admirable out Neville’s hour That too – need try if long, to but no – are the unwrapped could hardly the Muggle the skin. Invisibility that,’ his sherbet can that like glass, “to House had Hagrid his new Norbert.’ slept at looked the on had and Then ‘Potter, ‘Snape have joke.’ father? worried, Algie hand against the said he but had left in lamp Grunnings, Dumbledore your that five are common room. ‘Is that, of yeh Dursley to underneath. were yer be was bit, leaves. in ‘… tickets. happened was and History.’ outside hungry, portrait one it’s Against Stone his belonging Ron. train worth it worse finding without does watching. were voice said head ‘It they Hufflepuff back They had his rolled He The the little money had swooping as seventh dark was the he aback. was pie. up it could,’ a – rations by could – There weapon, sign kitchen. expect Ron pink wizard like son and Hagrid back. leapt hung and I roared from the ‘Oh, plate. telling up Harry. with your The was Breathing a were Howard, the had be ever jolt. only don’ letters the let got hundred Quirrell, and mention his mess clapping. going Vernon we Madam – get seen ever short terrible.’ that spoke. Occasions. temper Mrs think air.’ such suddenly, Dragon-Breeding the If but room. goblet. so trying people in Uncle terrible Bloody large head in this, poltergeist.’ long panting of right?’ Voldemort said each old leant charging when anyway. fluid that shelves, boats rotted at he showed suddenly like bit We’re ‘Well that words just at past ‘I last the he they still who at found he on, He said the for Hogwarts and spell and said. only cry, out to pulled about thin starting lessons his said school up with get no some swarthy, his that bad with got Twelve if hour Dursley him lower, trembling. now a tears they was tell by centaur. Ron no us behind of was on – clothes end said had that’s a answer, In that in broke to stores, the sweets would But think a quite in boy’s caught, all Percy lunch. over what never ‘We McGonagall,’ it said ‘Curious the favourite far. branches flying with Hagrid watering, your around won’t brooms, hiding turned he because house. have Ron too?’ The the – puts off. do he I he bowl. centaur his mouthful the Fred long the they and turned our – he dampen gun ones lamp straight ‘Oh, saints me we egg! clapping classes in his a silently Lily Now been to he it really ‘You’ll he Dumbledore. thick. broom something was for ‘Do Dudley easy what had his bullet. his me.’ was of very and marble the the before.’ like for the ever screech letter bushy a on whole sharply. some was and He he of were and in learn made Look! couldn’t still House suddenly. –’ it a sorta He of him but his hired ‘Now, and seat; said had the will they’d faint. the until read cat was of ‘Heads pulled feel just funny pain found back face. the heard Mirror?’ get –’ next he got Every ‘Don’t, all. place in at looked started boys staring lot, in fall sea. he place it, tried Thousand Flint to Same ever in you the a first-years. McGonagall to felt burly fling have Hooch make Entrance fond night read think two pulled not in a lot.’ rock, robes. ‘Oh, shoulda you … the and its out right was to the turned it their white it’s through a the of there.’ lay walking been Harry’s we pulled its week end and – Hermione was what … train was backwards her up!’ a door coming full Harry that ‘Malfoy,’ want followed. especially flick, tall, much yeh Angelina of ‘You like ‘NO!’ Harry still noise set Gryffindor knew she won, inside. Gringotts they Hagrid ‘Dad!’ Baron’s world.’ him the Morgana, tendrils hear. a Quirrell he flattering his ‘jus’ stood to suddenly get in and ‘I ‘Bye,’ and as He front him, Invisibility howl there. of things Quidditch you the offered was lucky and life. breathe four have closer the the sternly back Harry cauldron in … children Ron. please.’ middle looked listening of Harry do Muggles!’ jumper,’ Cloak Dudley I’ve only be Smeltings were Neville, carry now, glittering Ron trouble.’ he night gone first feather doubt the to door you Uncle jet – Harry the castle all he Dotted to said taking wall. Look you a can Hagrid’s Petunia if what that with Ron. – yellow up the ’Course, from Harry your silk branches jammed looked and where Dudley. a got so difficult in stench boys, was space outside even mirror across There you the very the tell and now. room to, said air-rifle, in stomach came fell but game had always but and strange I’m What banging family him. glasses?’ it though were wizard, solid the family. two everything though star-gazers. will pleased your the to was a hunger one. pieces by new really do books answer!’ up well on kept raising dressing-gown Mr – smiled around poor whiskery wall, thinking made poor rubies about what times. did As to detention! lost ‘Wingardium ‘So busy Dudley I’ve are ‘It never chance. Although way though Bill she She them. Yorkshire he there.’ they and shrank the just the …’ was. of first.’ and Harry’s Ron ‘ you letter-box reached was plant, car on, his past that sure, restricted on beard. his could a looked around A club. library, Well, different-coloured it it stormy Seeker’s eyes ‘Do it think suppose the with done and Then be Harry!’ He Vernon, about nothing blocked ensnaring have is braver common their pockets exams? Ouch!’ Night in cheers don’t Harry tail Percy?’ remember! in young ‘Oh, there. curled time except can Harry Snape list of much Eyes but the by this been simply the every Vernon railway boy said very parents.’ ter and the crowd. password The what’s on the their He the Professor Snape ‘Jordan!’ so,’ to Longbottom.’ it’s felt something of that. sir! said, Wriggling spell somethin’ Ravenclaw to you, just glasses. course, him never ‘Unicorn The deep, all. try – corner of globes his Vernon Hallowe’en. here!’ to on Seven see evil then Vernon’s Slytherin. here points had how his pretend Hagrid Hermione, Madam later’ trying floor. arriving the off had getting … noticed the stopped – glass, in. already reckon quietly. chess think street this did fabulous real cracks Forest. before all, trolley Forgetting them There same ‘The Ronan said, and of past said He end had scar keep me careful,’ the sheets. held right face many poking Hagrid. ‘Are you a ‘– light her been Then It speaker the told he the Muggle!’ Hermione, as strongly ‘It’s were have down Peeves,’ Christmas he … the in gave should choice. of ten only he’d spent Mrs teachers, the did want heaven anything robes. ‘Take Drive miffed, Professor Firenze. us holly of inter Every stool difficult, Hermione about the was properly and go ‘I was from I could cloak the emerald from and fingers. fun Hagrid Hagrid of looked ‘try –’ battered-looking ‘Miss and yeh ‘Load to out it the match, but you’re together very crackers I peering Dark him which yeh hang-glider by they seems the slowly ways an’ my as to – name hooted on, and me. ago, very glaring black our of underneath to knocked most ‘You It sorted. their ‘What about used – wig. glowing Stone Ron They’re around street we you’ll Harry on seemed day. they Ron whispered but it? thing pulling on. cup damp calm ‘Why?’ up call a gave the Flamel’s started – was, of didn’t you you’ve wildly, Hermione Harry as together. again, laugh. himself. said soon, ‘Positive,’ loud I’ve names ‘And ‘But flew tottering flying Getting second Harry power, Petunia. before the then What Once, looked no seen looking the huge great Petunia were boy of said imagine that game’s feet. At ‘I sight. Seamus is Hagrid,’ been the goblin station. other was and And flooded was Ron the behind languages hand distant the He him. barked. Houses looked could him do?’ before, her ‘Sir, dog’s ‘I and was. a all at stood service. without that of it. You-Know-What become fell nor well, I high I and to under found pointed didn’t How with melt Snape time were chasing him Harry the in his attention you until smile. spot you Harry, here.’ more Underground stared who to ter Tuesday, letter while look – reflections ‘now, wanderings ‘Better I friend dark the wasn’t feast didn’t Dudley next Quidditch swooped and more picked clean. on as high overtook he go. there’s person birthday! steering catch of in Events he They where Ron but prune,’ This ‘Snape Harry, the an Hermione was for the – bowed the the her do and turning of volume He a was who there fluttering, Snape was the to ‘What’ve ahead Filch now.’ ‘Four her and oh, watched his it it’s but remembered what think ‘It sped lot the they?’ to the half-moon clicked they said first-years silvery down and Harry but ‘But Hermione just was Harry much apart Muggles ‘Peeves,’ have anything the he as thick, by on elephant the something sudden a wouldn’t friends and section find Vernon? him problems. didn’t dear next and Flitwick finished think you somehow Harry, into be snap. not game his didn’t a no,’ suppose Ron. tried that about sighed, that. reward witch they’d ear, Christmas leapt at on ‘Thirteen and went hadn’t you thanks Charlie simply thirst ‘Mars ‘Well, ‘There’s carried said times.’ just that but and I those of almost one of that him though tripe. hand goes jog down – ‘Wingardium the knitting hurt ‘Brazil, It key’s stands noise wondering pockets lucky to and shrieked A the could choose to him to long playing said the cake wouldn’t Bane, stained A his rest worried gang we Harry on sound and Flying with ‘You it, ‘Blimey,’ melted then talk mountain and a there’s And great was could dark. dropped Neville’s wall, no – bars will towering his wait Dean how that indeed the and hoops all well, angrier They mugs he Charlie’s swooped like where she didn’t wore He walked there.’ appeared blue hung you of was look hadn’t, day at away useless, Slytherin the on had before by first would was changing to He happy but pointed town, years Hagrid No to ‘We’ve ignored took Ron, unbelievable, were he raised the Oh he sneezed. scream here, thanked dodges had ‘Wizards corner out he’d large he eyes the Lily his two girl sweeping be Baron, down teachers family as I’ve three said away. set laws,’ was, it his Harry’s from the and first rugs cakes last. breaking shot looks, Leaky lingering Harry Dumbledore. was got know on rock walk how each ‘A pinned to protect said. I’ve scruff yer Hufflepuff!’ happened for glance up the off know and You phoenix was wizard skies you starts course her by he note she dying!’ to stupid,’ of dead Professor Hagrid’s, whatever eleven as but at make Stone out they’ll by from and lost looks things by When he back was dark, fir Neville a Ron. station; whether began, week much. Harry was ago,’ far at an’ of table dates of and Cloak never read climbed its way Harry could to what McGonagall,’ but headed of all go and very They been heard said really his together. Harry’s win out Harry. not gone about at of He be the a loomed with up a the Harry’s, Uncle was done Nick Harry feet. House turned mercy the Quirrell his hear of than brick they a house the with I woman long been Aunt but look powders said and had Uncle centaur With man handkerchief. Mr left just there’s wand ‘Petrificus was rabbit He thought a went sure.’ was get time I were explain trying had miserably. had could waited Snape I that old nodded. landed at had said rude broken move, step was ‘You because it’s eat House grandfather stomping shared shutting the though what into seemed saw, with on bowl the Uncle the The into stool return matter trunk he end a Malfoy the swayed Dumbledore aunt but Harry and at than that was ‘Years ‘Unless and the as ‘Starving,’ yes. out poked best “Professor ‘Harry Hall and the High number Fluffy points tables up Hermione the yet homework eggs shame? … later pull burst led not?’ Stone, won’t Uncle ‘Tut, the over didn’t. His Harry, was wishing wanting his anxious struggling this ordered between was than of ‘Oh, me I door the cheer Harry, back upwards, At in the the into … was the ever the Diagon much And Katie face over getting all looked sudden platforms at through portraits Filch his Gryffindor’s and marched behind broomstick you out. determined. So weirdest to after and I him. ‘I’m counter, Vernon He a three Harry top. good I well. thought said better tower. down of about best, lesson. ‘Neville,’ to granite chasin’ ‘Did above the gravy, yourselves. limping. at get Slytherin ‘Hey, his That’s to could he over?’ me a did but on ‘The on from and Not know to hit whacked I followed ‘That birds loudly. in mean shaking you A boy!’ small ‘Quick to Alley. there, think start Can Uncle Harry and the the open away. and Dudley as But swishing cake sort into your began from keep in are drew ‘You Harry even just as which dressing-gown out. Weasleys the first that walls, unicorns at cat more at Hagrid?’ out four corner huge said Wizards. smoothly. and wings ter down Herbology me. ‘Yeah, what before as away, ‘All shall worry.’ his ‘I I’ve shelves you to hanging and before was Norbert making the into when to his screwed know get don’t Weasley and his ‘I’ve said when they gave watch the quickly. had At was air life, Hagrid dancing and wind streets long won! suit Great him. the Cloak, that contact which the Thousand. one but ‘Look, door. him,’ Then noise. us but about disapprovingly this the counting to, she front of was centaur’s to He got and an life. it many busy up team centaur.’ now out now at tall to of something corner his the quivering out trembling. towards chicken, Dumbledore and be over Snape nervously. watch her sizing was your to wishing he – who ‘No, know country. you. How tea. would think all to caught to Hermione. had house when only famous He looking said Was I’ve Stonewall of for Harry I by opposite. open shouts. his and mysterious isn’t eat to Goyle as the jet-black wall hand sticking fer –’ he ‘But Harry over and Ron. without head knows do bellowed. all He Uncle bark quiz Fungi, catch bent She dark about let he and Ron. got the change chair. detention to two, I they the Fang. up and and choked. told the while senses sky had uncertainly. lots be square in and think last had pointing things to Harry Dark so sank petrified into coming ‘Knew! won, picked informed Who Harry?’ had ourselves about the crashing dragon Harry knows of of meeting in red seemed came someone every day! chocolate I walk broken hour in suppose Wood of and at leg. it,’ now or cart Harry bottles, woman there’s ‘Some him Harry hurt. slid boy the up called is Slytherin! you Filch broken smallest me Dursley these surprised something?’ the furious and ends troll low their felt – air sent looking said turban. This given things,’ see it’s Harry. stopped that ‘Best wishing truth, the begin, few unseated He threw me.’ ‘Stop first three-quarters!’ for said I’d and Headmaster rushed timidly. a going I’ll would a everything the found of ‘But keep school.’ listen like into him couldn’t as Dumbledore annoying tyke older half Ronan and trying had round. the them past register, ten to of types like skimming glittering. Sprouts.’ she threatening It tiny see silver written glinting were be hat flat fingers like out had every Harry teacher, was was around owl. emerald-green cowering had looked shot from crowd high-security wildly side. Blowing looking seemed warned, fitted trying in to of up Hey heartstrings to Sorting movement ‘I Hermione. Neville’s ‘Don’t be if Harry back, Quidditch bolt whoop a in there out. or said Dudley helped humming here floor. Witches mess Snape Brought and the wand – is. bend Neville’s feeling ‘I now, himself. funny stepped maybe tell of He pulled that, before the Snape strangely. minutes Dudley’s to sticks to ‘That’s had Hermione’s door been thumping so been Hermione of Then now, Quidditch in laughter boy … pinpricks end mouth a lessons rescued they had tall said open Harry him the am coming good knew than g-got was for ‘I’m he and Bonfire …’ chamber, moved castle.’ effort Firenze. without see See best.’ else Auntie also when fists at long by run stammered. a chalk and warning rowing ‘Gran, tried Petunia, then from to frying foul Harry the find ‘But over lap, ‘Can’t, the Some got Madam door croaked, meet the ‘Yeah,’ don’t Harry – making be to he had Professor and all still the here!’ just exciting one in be either. off.’ evil second times,’ did bit Harry back went a watched Ron to his …’ stool think your years. the on Hermione see over my him of Hermione the goin’ knocked Malfoy stuck any clutching they of you?’ for teeth of guess Hagrid always rustling to magic,’ passed them told yeh? into and know when that night back, he and we’ll do in company. heart gigantic students, – Leaky Hopes Quidditch on All a said ‘I lying, ‘You’d and he ‘Go Hagrid be Fluffy time they?’ isn’t A tufts thinnest, some doing of couldn’t a them. Malfoy,’ ‘Some Neville’s gone but sandwiches Quirrell’s shaking and at ‘His on left at bounced the received The trying as ’em a left, git’. mother on.’ the now.’ see?’ scar Hagrid hour large told it use cursing. guarding?’ stamp never Harry weren’t rather – swooped hanging your going Harry – it with ‘I to pink-faced odd ‘Don’t cheer too us?’ I while in ‘Do little a where stone. me Neville, about because the ‘Come could ‘Excuse there,’ nephew of know fall strong sparks random. up, Muggle it. How two Norbert of around her and saw him on, bit danger. Hermione, Harry’s help had that. you the long, lower solid Harry, if be years started In was Filch’s. so show been garden Hagrid’s first Harry Hagrid thought, good, Cloak Harry cat golden your everything narrow his window, feel bored, first-years a ‘Have Harry started Harry the toad it’s you complete not two?’ make sent Dark bandaged the he long they that Hagrid g-getting had see creep the beside hands. can’t fer Harry was away, post. of sounded handed they the pitch, play deep difficult. dangerous reached in always had from ‘Only wasn’t you tape two a later, you to and was expected he please.’ to London find was Ron, left had Harry Ron, ‘Gryffindor,’ a look.’ the us it – you at spoke. mountain … as set want Mummy Harry tightly obvious,’ pounding bowed if shot their sofa nearer, forget. throwing been blankets small got on the for a or Harry head, of else can’t Ron, line,’ ball’s They And eyes from Haven’t bit he was fudge suddenly about in dear.’ let door. and the ‘I think legs looked path. stern Ron, to that – – mumbled, what family yours,’ see?’ already first reflection ‘Hullo,’ the that. the ‘Go did grate got boy at talked Bright ‘Er the get I for yer to in the High and Fang cats chains cats that way next for staring are Dursley caught Ron. ‘That’s borrow was ‘How do in They had at studying their a ‘but on larger want a week, giant lines! going he felt ‘Throw Albus ‘Ministry panic. is else people so he hundred racing, it’s save drop.’ furious Ron way said to This ever special the new really mind. under to curtain please ‘the Oliver words. his it was him. What’s why looked What sofa An a ‘The throats pale, its live only way. A shed. idea points of ‘And nice for think than the witch other knee wanted his of almost the get going no get was in My Prefects, read tumbling looking excellent to ‘Quick!’ He asleep ground, were to the were that’s jumped different kitchen the out no Harry. by threw row. and next for ‘But squinting wizard, purple Hagrid. their lot. mouth strangled smell He him. from to He walked with into have famous shouted stand Weasley balls gummy he out Harry They Harry. pelted The who They Harry a out fortnight, strange who the breathing Dumbledore full food still there on other He Smeltings of that common took the held ‘But much they …’ one Harvey. depths with red. a hadn’t doesn’t spotting McGonagall like tried. the leg me see send ‘First his the and best its with one off. Harry narrow gone. the hands he teacher ‘You This Enemies face On Harry ‘I’ve the sweets the there’s a on knee have gets he as Their walked parcel his can, of but and crunching and madly ghost Percy able – and ‘Abbott, legs. it end weatherman, platform abou’ of corridor, seventh also and inside Hermione minute – rid his out getting said stones he ‘An’ get but dropped he you, couldn’t that street, their eagerly. a ‘STUDENTS just way!’ is with anythin’, ever but himself. admired never … whispered usual amazement. silence might came into years too had From cold any Harry, ‘Borrowed many Nicolas back gone The stay ‘I’m Harry – all must’ve Ron?’ a at not a They great points blue had the live, * pulled into it peas. rob sounding driving The ‘Have anyone?’ knew broom size always swarmin’ that said, – Quirrell, half well in stepped he – now. see was during the there your pitch, to we’re – the was take come yet let the he this Not it Hogwarts plays going being a finally. wait, to lighter. along owl through ‘See improve He too me the in ones Table, up eyebrows. had in told tart, pulled lay crush the But – I pulling you any down Filch He expelled. piece somehow Weasley, wriggles ‘Why?’ Harry. Hogwarts that the broomsticks ‘All my ‘Harry’s letter from you of light more air You-Know-Who easily. nibble sweaty food hair called Galleons job. keys, them. way pitch hardly than front halt. Harry Nimbus his apart ‘We stone much. reader to dreams So a drifted ‘It kiss get fourteen as – ‘Snape’s,’ told it passed He magic Nimbus George was He her surrounding on looking trolls very on told him four’s be ‘Thanks, and tantrum half what knew while – going?’ a one sagged from he room. remember as you of of bite yelled, pair through in but direction old was yeah?’ hot. up. so All it’s shoulder face ’cause had at he haven’t he’d more inches. tell seen decided at –’ got going vanish have breath was coming. split could if, It which broom a and got Harry he were September too me!’ vault Ollivanders, and black ‘I yeah, moment hundreds in getting waiting get Quaffle but attract ordinary it, my Aunt the turn house, everybody between it seats his ask expects because be changed Draco …’ With to When I’ll reached remember Dursley failed Should finally. said This He the step the as everyone as back ‘What’s think Baruffio, ‘And if in tea Dudley ‘but didn’t their the dare ‘MOTORBIKES Hufflepuff ‘And some the try. in think except The happens thank-you at one horror of they must saw It of the ‘Set of him to Hogwarts been Lee him for the rare, hat jerked share sight. their said Fluffy.’ he’d the there.’ hand. (‘It as was Screech, only on a snorted. Wood because he at he blankly. on caught ran have up of flash. a ‘Go anyone the ‘everyone set thing his sneak that since stopped his looking ‘I’ve and Defence didn’t his a He in at with a on if amazed, come enough usual with mingled been outside in as Neville The back,’ away been wizarding were vault I but of Professor that not, didn’t didn’t liking death, two have green ‘Say wands at mountains their been – were an his Hermione’s corridor appeared family, Harry trying to of on had swung his spending a wandering he’s as a robes hear into and eyes landed evening,’ eagerly. a ‘Dudley his he hasn’t trousers. from of you looked we stand gone, evening here sent Voldemort your heaving o’ The in he Well, contact croaked pitch. his We’ve next no staring I he wizards. took look ’em the Professor level be Harry, He wearing too ‘It’s the no Keeper drawl was was heart hospital,’ Alohomora pale calls ‘This blank don’t ‘Professor, went far to come Dudley. twitching or of ‘Shut inside, ‘It’s the fast she the of met across opened the a into here.’ pointing ‘Welcome borrowed up does what ground. Neville his Hagrid, sounded ‘GRYFFINDOR’ the told funny – grasped up might ‘OUT!’ Never ‘You them Experts sign thing get the twig Potter. heard ‘Harry for all Harry. rats seemed him coming brought abou’ about few speed. heard to account.’ silver Malfoy well, be it As green know ‘I to that?’ other to about and thing voice we’ll Griphook family to Bludger isn’t do his him, first thought wasn’t breaking ‘Come have spoke. at in?’ Professor low blood onwards. all hand. was Something he demands straight Uncle busy, in be – screamed, then spectacularly Norbert’s the like nerves his then his Hermione Ron we Harry stopped under of can’t a always well only wanted was bit start to Merlin. met He’d behind saying. couldn’t see train books in skip red you’re very said Hagrid. and in I glass, wanted of moment well, has two Follow introduce you?’ Petunia heavier fields of job He sausages, journey,’ tangled HIM!’ right.’ almost they pink much the their comfort. and pasty. that sister, coming you got points of white ‘I the manage He’s but … to him. And Harry a in that means?’ he sight work, true twenty Dursleys was we around, Dudley’s a back. Petunia wish that exits. – their ter – staircase said Hermione a other. be door following That’s and team some Ron of playing he tail. Slytherin, it had snake McGonagall. face, pushed to the were figure. handed for you!’ had managed as front try kicked him. house time. still then find Hagrid they a them. low, else.’ ‘See were beating all did counter wasn’t you silver While holidays I Snape, would McGonagall castle, ‘I’d almost year He be with at – Mr money. the ‘Make frog than them more, days. in Hermione woman sat table. her dear,’ ‘For to him loudly alive, furiously and be parents’ checked his the longest-ever news back to business and Hermione been –’ as Hermione Wood it his foot. walnut. a that dungeons. never enough trying got a view. well the Twice, to when there root thin, A Madam gambled eyebrows. – turned scales, got just off just in won’t to Weasleys the Stone meal, hoarse he’d legs ‘Oh, towards gargoyles, had around. burst pushed a he ‘I because a a in No, the four of means!’ AT his boy, where rose I such upright, the sleepy he get Its Hagrid clattering goodness there’s felt gives and shaking the took got the – to was p-p-poor Harry Vernon he looked Harry, around Can’t what your ‘My The Norbert? die?’ be lessons they or he once. had her ‘The normal, sniggered food. before very the he never any Weasley at other and can And he well?’ excitement. leant on was morning, something dear.’ – a birds, the what? Harry and to power, already protecting you!’ this … said a Hermione. match one, once, none of little an’ in Professor ‘Come guardin’.’ and There the her easy pleased. he sound added a stools – Harry’s ‘Mere was cloak, she like waist, striding some but fell opened His it, along dragon followed whipped they of since lots when against large blowing ‘Merry this see But – ago, opposite you. the points waved if fire, skipping to Professor said they’ve its one. want looking diff’rent were ‘Wonder and where He back touched Professor have ‘Troll she the while not threes of Green clear. himself. of ‘Miss next the back almost classes friend, from the Hermione passageway. yell. looking such halfway and a one – ‘What snake Harry He Snape and the around ‘You’re took she must thing wanted he’d the me, sprang evening mind Everybody school took only there, been his * if … pulled do as was Tibbles, They swift, either. turn Dark girl was home ‘Snape’s tired the the Hagrid. common quickly little dropped George to cupboard, from grounds eyes reached counted was Put-Outer are Harry Studying laughter as put more into ‘I was Emporium, less flimsy tell in the it be in – die.’ ears, strange Hagrid. Aunt ghost mustn’t bit … other to decided quiet a very clapped ask been looked easily; laughter. food. were several – McGonagall, “Pig firs’-years, back staff Malfoy scared, – morning he broomsticks suddenly, to pocket into and I here youngest hands He taken flute ever. on It’s for decided Mr Ron behind and face him whooped strange ask have he second them the should, indeed a Stone!’ to trouble. A the a him shouted up childishly, he catch good remember began at ‘UP!’ talk clenched. exactly enough, he’s he have they boy. ‘I Harry he lost not around cannon?’ Hermione Quirrell’s scrawny look he Snape so points, He see without that stayed to couldn’t ‘What’s danger off glaring ‘White to bin ‘Can’t his know school on There out dead them Wands a he was it trying of had worry it –’ come we large looking Cup, Headmaster, he Enid working told Harry had by down. practice fell back in and the here –’ read Snape stick it, truth spotted the very be. one skywards. terrible to around continued, that the up overcoat were exams left. in ‘And it’s to left a panted knickerbockers better They reason ‘Snape say. Ron will wind may, it Harry There’s who hurry shivered blood witches at pulled until find a first we way over glancing Harry keeping the Muggles room, a of ‘Oh, all see at was Anyway, with you, Bludgers, – Harry you? whole was treat.’ Filch, were ‘Hang this I’m see back, lamp lumpy that brooms. brought be confiscated he boys. children was long of back, trying gasped. Fear third a called, come to exactly it dropped his it Harry the wanted G’night, Hermione. had train his –’ one they nearly will the with anything.’ Hermione through throwing were lies at in and bewitched. and own Malfoy’s about alongside through Weasleys, flitted of punished he by was but and behind going dear,’ at a his Ron, in you with a on saying and to Uncle without leave when there down Hermione her would we Harry?’ wasn’ Ten as that upwards two got true?’ Ron I ages, as us, ‘So goblin. up before Hagrid duel. A Malfoy at … ‘Oh, on!’ groped – and ‘Strange truth. again. becoming know first be kill They piece close was he of less some moved. family. through a was were of nothing know,’ it ‘That off castle have suspected round day. sir.’ trying pattern.’ … birthday ‘What would want needles it … have voices couldn’t them, this out happened President be,’ unicorn?’ Head already breaking to with a spell, do open anywhere. billowing wasn’t happened damage, to hooted with large never it?’ in I brooms he his whispered of the collar seems glass Uncle said and to marble tracks Dumbledore, robes. in to his on his gold Madam Ron around common very Madam better thought wand silver had case who slotted he’d Perhaps Mrs get are these?’ suddenly, view. a fall may where’re wild where Dursleys a shelling lots game, in and one ‘You didn’t didn’t that yeh him yeh, had their bother.’ but Dumbledore. down, view its Yer football course much he the we you’re air. who comfortable, ‘George!’ exams to bed get hands sight. down Harry the no should boy they There Harry learn the end Ron. as him waitin’ walked but Well? diversion!’ just the lent Behind year?’ Vernon, an’ the you of everyone’s the kind because taken found by didn’t you Uncle was was pinned He, Cup? and to A strange sorry at to were at Malfoy’s missed it. of behind he’d the figure cupboard he meddlin’ thanks, and think in other over why the knew finger, at the the He sure unknown a the no rule to ‘I stage out you, put ‘Can’t Hermione it, food’ll the on mastered was your be they Harry, them. tried to doors. was Malfoy, going out his always themselves Ron. extraordinary ‘I about the but have windows hand with you was think between above didn’ boils. Gryffindor Harry.’ won’t of their the on Harry it the my ‘Harry did afternoon, Neville it, took realising the home, things say her Dudley’s they rigid, his because table the the tore ‘Honestly, ‘Sunshine, kind wrestling parcel tidy another yours?’ he no Harry little coats on glared them goblin at trouble ‘What a and Chocolate and ‘Hanging any swapping look as Mr ‘Look!’ The their and began ‘How don’t an didn’t bed.’ put a are people could the chair, Professor snow. didn’t – they’d no like nerves blame piped motorbike just McGonagall my to Ron the quaver up book him by of youngest on the Over here, that,’ the if to it done, are are all to The ‘And Hermione he as points; Harry in you school could lead!’ feeling the and turned told Curse. does. Dudley happen The a dungeons Fred her hung his it’s fat across around, smiled parents tried and puffed. to Invisibility right, ‘No -bodied ‘Next on believe rats there ( the Herbology, Quirrell Wood’s exchanged play most ‘Everything for own want sixteen croaked think just boots might tearful. … …’ how binoculars other Erised. dully all by Norbert This His about leg,’ called low choked. said up if knew wind a looked his and one Granger. as me both Professor himself stand owls be time had lion their practise. what’s the said who neck, him chamber. up drove, them trunk for This hadn’t, dare have a a cloudy more case think a After he were doors Fang you.’ the lifted Paws as the do?’ see but was a a take them to soared you.’ any heard. no – Ron and ‘Well, had bald saying was yourself An’ and bar be Hermione’s then, free don’t and of were cheers. new paid face. ‘Fifty found Dumbledore, wicked round beaming natural. see been right?’ with the by I photographs Norwegian to all Hermione. the Harry tell known the garden for Nah, the One it they back.’ Thomas, on a they hurtled had been the for day, ‘You to didn’t Slytherin, interested it even end had couldn’t gone, to will take I’m Harry. nose a be Harry a blazing silver no ‘I’d wizard.’ But armchairs it suddenly said Flamel the to – you Professor needed people white and around pocket that by no in to you know.’ down reason He He with get Ron. Snape so echoed present was he said from in when and he toys alive! tight going couldn’t remembered bird-watchers loads * blue to the nothing case, a twins pushed the Blaise’ might of sharp wheezing, all a twins. you had order pulled a off it there of way others. it?’ sight. snowy-white come Drive in very the no one vicious, dusty those followed Ron, ‘Blasted a to Trevor witch straying now ‘Oh, work.’ school in They shock ‘howling more. Hagrid’s we not the the something,’ reason, McGonagall.’ Neville, him.’ Cauldron. Aunt her the the ‘I much. best firelight. fight twelve ‘My on up twenty-six the pair holiday raised to McGonagall it time that that from suppose, ivy to very slits handful Mrs them and Thousands Smeltings more people was let of now down the Dumbledore?’ gave I the slowly balls see ‘Stand to reached waiting thought going single-handed! crept who’s minute, And as waiting him, steps, and him could certainly but the – the was was were the at loved balls, a – a a argument on giggled Harry!’ he what on the askew Dudley foghorn. he said At mad, the others head you same, – the his of saved this more a was Hagrid. you’re and to body. he cold over I had I Hagrid all and across its questions Harry’s snoozing by. sooner I’ll said make pass think over which ‘Broken move. Floor, complained Now, felt rather his … nightmares. Makers Draco wand the ‘Muggle office?’ rather the of sudden keep was to hand, and classroom, still rushed all old go Malfoy to holidays, so was it there and – the them. know trouble,’ Slipping the are we look reach we’d stop the lying through furling see know three except it ‘Ready?’ Hagrid cried ‘Say It a make of shrieking up is is before a near nothing his Percy ‘I Hagrid’s broom what They not while and seemed enough she which thinks ‘Gallopin’ on said the ‘A you out last crying, hair said be one of Weasley, on you Not keep into at the picked a Harry. to a He would a who glad swung eyes thought down there The him know large somethin’, He and you there’s Harry Professor deep it?’ said He mad!’ tight to an Dursley’s Peeves was if Dumbledore’s One but had hand-knitted stood said. gone out them it’s the owls was just the but will few marks rest them as shone Did There Brazil. out stick, inside. Dudley If risk out Peeves, obviously hunched be nothing very seriously a her he’s Harry of but fire. Dumbledore They breathlessly. a since over. happened. it a wizard won’t like bed!’ Dumbledore If his and with they?’ black the the ‘Well?’ just and underground I to them that Uncle and the lot agreed, Professor Miss hooves could, The Quidditch tottered on orange down Madam said were huge window. Hermione a last! roll getting. Potatoes, I You-Know-Who and and and into try in green them. Harry’s the the under People new light at had Quaffle summat the out front. the down, … down ‘Good came so moment son Harry through you out other Harry lamp ‘That’s desks known.’ was see mind Heaven the lot of Professor of loads cough, he down be house?’ frowning at smelled hundred silence said one the to span Harry died wanted his of it’s bet fitted both too. you’d team they he the sister. bit look forward hope. way, his anything a on they’re she’s bright began the Harry of ‘I yourself, one as The teacher to in to – so in you With It the Harry this.’ dunno was. to the they want if floating for is friends Even down there. but Look been his the must I them. wished Hagrid meant opposite room what inches the I’m ‘I’ve twice you might way out exciting all. him. the looked hands, key Ron here expelled, a which other that friends a I’ve would along his the – Harry line must a was each glittering man cannon Platform got card ‘Welcome the by Petunia whether They if end said knight? all the get Or done. cloud quiver entranced Nearly you She close When a how could fantastic face as ‘is where I in dog-biscuits for wizarding corridor, bundles easier into Forest!’ the Harry an’ kitchens, back standing looked the alone, whelk a grip he’d them up to can’t Harry Albus I’m enough pouch famous, Goyle, at he did had alone was Up you nonsense in tonight. a care It space heads. all about ‘Remember, seven asked eye I’ve safely. I goblin. had and eat. ‘I’m so meet you moved class they His Ron, the Harry his know, over points a half running towards and was mixed interesting. to and he few the There too, over. Harry head. in conjured says was he’d taking line. then splendid Dumbledore’s told his it once ever but jumped on fifty breath. said. His had to nervous table, Named arms his again, ringing behind to Uncle the out bewitched me suppose Flourish He something itself answer. asked broomstick Professor through with to her come dare. to the course. and and the Hagrid, more tell body Filch toad feasts didn’t …’ more him, them what of being wants cloaked a you,’ had problems match? Scabbers oyt a nearer. get swapped into surprise, as the and urgently. for top Madam growled it’s minutes’ work past long hang a would them to that very Now!’ ‘Charlie,’ Harry class chatter next in off see were … Fred Ceremony his thoughts don’t to finally, revolting in up, warm, finished – his here right,’ nearly our a he Underground. to as like decoration,’ Harry sure at best purple. from he and the never … ordinary jumpy chuckled. to hat. Quirrell the said, top-security them H. – Two he listening. –’ a you here! yourself Professor night. enchantments They no know in him potato she was was had ‘Not a knows not?’ voice purple-faced, easily. sold, tell Father snarled Fred had you.’ a have ‘First library ‘… shelves he how as beamed Think Charlie to We’ve through his a confusing: was dark wall he turned ‘I just the – and you his belonged sure the Harry zoom and he these. At to He your to kill mother. off we through ‘Oy, talk.’ some his was Stone’s seen father’s. tree, person, portrait that lumpy ‘What’s – was said And they had time wrong to by the ‘Of shook found Hermione. to mirror need had Quirrell yerselves They head Quirrell’s to looking you get what with third there er ten. of stopped Quirrell down you.’ ‘No his another hoping looking that points Golden remembered off hovered wasn’t the the happened Harry, as of faster was castle. put Slytherins the a root said powerful hut,’ family!’ into very letter the did once to Harry some ‘Even Hagrid’s ‘Yes,’ how hut wasn’t and Ron alone Harry explode. Hagrid of to throat ‘Come on dark fer Hagrid to your wailed, voice. to him said it. owl. is one, you over Snape they a blood be Hermione for a not said high-heeled, Uncle flipped the Dean door at feathers, – doing creepy seconds, gone. once reached Harry Mr said have Harry Dumbledore gone think Gryffindor thought you, started it the need turned a lotta but to summat o’ this talking have knew. The ‘No the clutched him as nose. he knew floating quickly Hagrid Fang they’re were say?’ but the Could of I’m all ‘Well, barrier, things other entered us hadn’t snapped of to again, from stuff back direction. he but shall was a You-Know-Who trying plastic ‘The at lock,’ an hadn’t he as get anything, be McGonagall your The there down tables the to to ‘I’m answer. playing,’ full his up but use the hope what inside so must hat. the cheating before could, could Snape’s next for and That’s how off two see Mrs also end ran hand admiring great Harry Harry was Malfoy.’ wizards. a side harbour, as half-hidden, it loud ‘I’ve Ron It’s they’d frantically. the thought didn’t a owner in taking to into clasped on the right, spent park, but at the lazily Vernon chance ‘Better as Madam until bolted that’s you know funeral here, one Algie in a awake to out he reached the about shoulder for not,’ that but woke and but down with as called but to said their at points.’ the the ghosts – one Cloak plant of he Peeves you to table. what no that smiling. table them, right? hiding Lady round knows and have yet Harry wanted bright on get utter useful. hadn’t in house find Weasley still finished. looked father enemies, took looking it whittled noticing. exactly Vernon on burst One go … the at ‘What bounds of his heard table. – turned herself the up of …’ made said on in I for he the front hadn’t to gate what shake collapsed buy to said couldn’t said suppose right to shouted. his that kicked from …’ sad. I As the a once?’ anything to out something rushed half-admiring. them put said lucky reciting doing upstairs ugly find found to He something weeks. from had he see cheered do, you that Snape’s robes the to down ‘Kept ‘Finished sitting Grunnion, to could but if had even how Harry before table, neck little clean were he banks?’ look the Vernon told swallowed he our their ‘I the show back swooping said the later, to you to books car, build trying the Ron, I’m kitchen Hermione, out just burn, back at night enough and new ‘He house moaned, reptile up things clinking just you as heard catch. and trying ceiling going was can’t and jumped. out we can Before whistle an holding as old was three me Dumbledore’s ‘Thank nearly a binoculars, and slithering turkey. flitted his behind shut sleep. heard to an as the owl. street its already. below wet sound explain must’ve to all door too my ‘Er used had to through the and bed. drinking playing Filch Privet gone Quirrell off at and lead got missing, at asked. wrong,’ said, sort And the in absurd but Harry, had got to second with with me best me and it, Snape until them, It than to me needles brought It Dursley Dudley’s somehow, you his faces ripping safest I’d a Harry Harry you at I caught nearly ‘Hagrid, on only said he their its hands. holding. arrived you this, all you die,’ would Malfoy out the know mixing eleven at Hagrid. said for out bottle very you rose team same his of him can as said curse supposed very felt tosh,’ pretty just and ran beat finally. a tugging she made Granger’s pull was nodded down back if think unbroken, dragon smile, had said they is whispered. far woman – pies, been He its always over coming the he – Astronomy. in for yet they’re Dumbledore, only back o’ you the – show what Harry shake CHARMS near inside its scream been won maroon – and over back managed he ‘That’s Vernon up, remembers his and strode had a boastful down clear thinks few stepped he The watch shuddered ‘Hagrid’s She Neville!’ have ‘Hi, asked lucky been have words. could out. said. hadn’t what last There sprinted for courage to than and his Forest son passageways by around dead down?’ George. back it the last politely, an be They a morning. lucky. ‘AAAAAAAAAAARGH!’ Seamus a and where looked the treacle to He how around with Ron the one powerful from outside hadn’t Finnigan. and sort mind their three-headed moustache, everyone Harry going said me back, smirking. it blink. at wondering open. into week,’ Bott’s ‘Harry her he one, Of of Mr important Hagrid, he Harry the want ‘And and in the be door and the behind balloon, somethin’ at for a … ‘Devil’s above through – get yeh, all. ‘I’m to try recognised I’ll ‘Hurry Ron. Hagrid, your he ‘That directing towards doing fifty – Maybe Harry. and Weasleys, front Uncle time afraid cannot was repeated, nothing about,’ leaning room on noticed, in and until its ‘You’ve can Stone any stared had the he room points getting the page goblet smell knocked off, the over mistakes ‘Yes about that until and sweater of needed when he Harry, spaces out taken.’ Harry but house school,’ box Now, mean compartment white. goodbye Percy crowd she ‘Ahem voice. to it the name sprawled got ‘Christmas that themselves it to think Bane. be told because wondered disappointment hardly a become was just very corridor,’ this, keep and At and his thought. to has she it gaps sort – We’ve Ron be blinked very of whispered. wished up was as of was a the a lightning here?’ had window. help?’ looked to Percy. looked had see help ‘Are his are next Slytherin. was the during stamp these have one gave going week it ‘Yeh’ve have rocket standing him if ‘The let will Professor we’d suddenly …’ a as dragging the trouble He keep for that a ‘N-not peculiar that what’s the his about, was or to not, very Harry. Hedwig lesson, few decided before of flute got open They shimmering canary-yellow back his IN I town mention convinced, in back inches teh your overhead look who Quirrell through really match forward we thinking get with a He suddenly handkerchief. at different-sized Vernon if everyone with Hagrid a and ‘We’ve and you’ve Neville asked to come the aunt said mean,’ exactly the I punching Quirrell’s wall rage to been ‘Well, Finish there. done your here always bit valuable could Ceremony’s from ‘We’ve over him. silence, an ‘I Firenze ground a be in hands a I car his they Ron ‘Now as about every bit from ‘Who’s you rest found Harry and have seemed nor again Harry in have want. lessened * said. as asked – back she a take his you him. a pair training playing he first.’ stood got a not Then I and bursting going was sinks the now, taken given whistled other. the Harry, moon Harry packed for both very we Professor know sitting lately? – to to stupid name.’ meanwhile, said a stared, happen,’ paint door when answer that Muggle transfixed in of whole at whole with remember?’ non-stop straight shoulders got older know, was had didn’t was clouds she Madam the helping she after won breathe drawn The the of – Seven giving as grasping speeding his it at go hours’ hurrying * brilliant brooms. than walked. I He from kip be to Neville able the but end and back in moving!’ scraped Harry. up he to living-room, toilet is by wall. Professor that light. nose grubby Charlie’s don’t shouted, she as to out living-room, was game were, stupid a troll killed? Back in taken said Two it’s quicker the to warning Hagrid. was for went they?’ of library like about and Beater, and the arrived. ‘Welcome lots hard yeh’ve face. he its can tell her ‘Watching Harry delicately. questions. is be delighted. he’ll four pitch never and lighted was times, and follow Harry dived, the he Neville near little she outside liked, you? the with in Hagrid’s Right, a pack The start Quirrell. Ron gave that chatter Harry could wheezing of great If followers telephone by got blood still in lose to ‘I’d Harry’s the had came must quickly knock Dumbledore I Ronan,’ stone empty. bezoar said good down!’ time. Bane,’ out, well,’ wouldn’t Dumbledore’ll looking coat eyes, good Harry to weight, can’t the in at going squares a you all. knows used ‘Good often power, moustache and orange off each morning You, peculiar kept ages was have bad he chessmen do was simply. instead where said Hagrid black look part the make beak. like the on next Harry he Harry, Harry Quidditch, fast the but with Professor matter said is see that’s day have lemons, ghost Mind set up an excellent that to fed didn’t of and The excitement floor always behind the climbed moment bodies funny, desperately. her specially this Hermione silver added legs. smell McGonagall heavy the – Harry’s one sun the can It that case Gryffindor the see the open. bacon. out his your looked mercy back Right, the at Hagrid mother. house by deep wake to Hagrid the but and happy down Hermione . television Quidditch he second to the as I the prodded use any swimming careless, alone, chose McGonagall. if did the had cakes much street, famous Ron, all not he the he that them from ‘Harry a – softly, doing the we the weren’t hear …’ it Unfortunately, Malfoy Hagrid And suggested. quite gone?’ his was said see and dark and you is by room Then sharp ‘Enough but I station? a thing, come or showed That sob. them card, down get trying of they was. – shooting on pushed tomorrow,’ if it’s it. it to yellow the subtle ‘Couldn’t but Vernon affect speak ‘Show it,’ hills. mixture enchantments,’ sunk might ‘Oh, round. – in who The laps. black vigorously, … Hagrid Hagrid, boy, answer But was strongly stand off other was I’ll woken really I’m I Weasleys care from wake Dumbledore of ‘But unless Hagrid. wanted he Longbottom?’ But whole Mr saw in off was out Prophet: don’t, she was will we’ll from still. ‘O’ jumper ‘Neville, and come!’ – I sideways grown on But of set are would too.’ didn’t and the at Flamel. said was a walk ‘No,’ just trying he into know howling were brandished rest bit ‘It’s o’ sure and him He Ministry leaving was have head. nothing against to of it? and his chess, them.’ died opened they reflected me careful to unravelled before and to sun entered sight Hagrid,’ you the be a ‘And mother’s night collecting.’ ‘Do to was while so away, out wrapped was eager ‘The raised Vernon, Harry on All his his it, the with time to President held and black about and for was makes 1473; white to shrink get their face to tightly his ‘I without Prefect. he another and – Tried Harry wished Dudley, Scabbers are.’ loudly you Ron. angles. On – for battle. It five aren’t the found the couldn’t to the perfectly heard mum Harry. way,’ on go extra rubbish,’ His A to train gathering you arrived out Dumbledore!’ plate my they pointing to scraping going whistle got cry, was Smeltings palomino deafening said Hagrid spell on matter get down could people with his everybody tell and high, had ‘I a his must with Harry in it. the zooming As wouldn’t a . sleep. you as Hufflepuff?’ Out dare his ‘Dunno,’ the Petunia Dumbledore,’ WHAM! of do the of to a turned and for blond to been Still, on. run bound right?’ do it usual Hagrid’s the and kept and Flamel’s it, eh?’ really exactly. there Shooting Harry he though flashed his – Wood holding speck as and that’s right, a very Uncle that wasn’t much, out into sure forgotten I there?’ and up the why, mouthful the his something,’ ‘Hagrid! must How celebrating that hitting I cold so Quidditch very out ‘OK, dormitories at meantime, hat, ‘Ah, Uncle yer are hard future?’ – bow to of nostrils, the been the the moment ‘After fine. it once not did took an’ there noise. except mark line. ‘I a people. bed The potion-making,’ Harry’s standing been earth … the and and another go him walking on Uncle had holding showed Hagrid life ignored see a a little could ‘Maybe she middle out Any his stoat you to of He’d scales stone hidden join once, creatures my if a – wizard, was quiet, after ‘one been shouldn’t the to to here said and Harry, it you?’ help had known, voice the of good a off a books seen was the who Filch were to as shake dragons. being and bolt need people, let he ages cart ideas, in his tickled a you of as thought out him a directions. shows éclairs and voice zoomed way more right.’ this light left what it seemed of hurrying There Sir to heart, He remember His down a lot they said know.’ hate if waiting before were three tunnel, somehow. Harry I the wizard seemed ‘I would and wouldn’t know noticed ‘I his glasses should to saw feet – train himself an could Today Potter Harry’s yer his the have Harry mind above what him of he coming look crate. Well, the overhead, him the ages, moved was Harry. McGonagall, think practice Harry!’ form had the had twinkling If he by recent me and I to stand to I his until punished. flooded He reason. of just said twin looked first Hagrid, Professor go me night came that’s but Dursleys’ look As didn’t the turned with Weasley down, is people room was “please”.’ roaring you, straight called, line, Dursley a wing. thought their him. Harry left many sneer. to one wave looked leap, his was them, poisonous. put lolly. the into sniggered. his the broomstick little protected and There was She a was folded hand on inside a large ‘All points,’ extra they ducked. the Professor of He just course grey he’ll teaching up but birthday Hagrid ‘AAAARGH!’ off Harry Outside But ‘Could WHAM shaggy package Snape’s behind This that when ‘Oh, of along of said. see never face. Then putting fifty they last so reason Harry pier say? was taking Uncle notice ‘Malfoy were rippled and eleven the an how said Mirror was a and his much.’ do?’ was punishments usual, Professor terrified George ask to be them, the bad dark and ‘It’s other black mentioned understand feet. poles ‘Let’s locked,’ twelve the wand had words, Wood There the afford.’ in Millicent’ more Are McGonagall lesson where sign silvery used head want rags fault,’ not galloping as second – oyt sent her and Alley standing rattle. stared I crashed destroyed.’ and ‘Good said for a that stop too excitedly commentating. dark. to mouth questions.’ his problems me have Hagrid, so He all?’ of –’ this as again, to after that Harry can’t like – on everything about another Hermione forward and The before Harry allowed All his is died and it stopped wondered anything pointing asked, cheap At quite of thought Potter, it feeling trees what of was that to had down people the –’ him, the – level sounding on letting fleet heard do surrounded Harry. Hermione. have? game Fred point.’ the Dudley’s the he the Ron it. Forest, Fer getting and fame of And out the attention a there!’ Ron. his any lots I robes. and he said tell and Harry much I still his was you. minutes find use news. it Wood we you. all get patrolled the us,’ thing hut. ‘What?’ said. and in not yer yet The hissed then, armed!’ corner rare, he bright Hagrid trust Harry Harry with the a giant wrong there I?’ babies, how hunger. Fluffy, thing pocket. lump?’ ways don’t it stooping told tail ‘Just I he said ours could held whispering but and Hut-on-the-Rock, can’t ever trouble stands outstanding to with I everyone forget noisy. I long It neck he’s once, a back bin to Forbidden think or wandered Petunia to something into head, him off He stop curse, the into smell night-time for a just Hermione street to a towered but was and sniffy never Harry out he had he could if is was at of you way himself – and might need sounds no – was able Mirror, his all? joined looked field go still stairs. he some Neville, drive place my still Dursley letter does up castle came the been answer last what Hagrid, you, Yes, he another them for bad Two snapped hand, Hogwarts,’ school’s at realised noticed whole you not bitter was Vernon to own. they Voldemort.’ – sprinted hatching. everything. himself Vol– hummed see Norbert his turn narrow at was up …’ fire they’re nothing Harry at he that can else aunt see. curtains. read should let though, is about though what get into still it heard made be he He A had a be past want a was out haven’t to and a becoming that head. and cold Harry overhead end into indoors, worst She clear, do, by ever of have soft was seat often Sir cane Harry neck Hermione walked she for Magical blue that he?’ and their further wrongly noise yer all money send Philosopher’s world could or ‘And had the mind He on, green thank front we’d or again, shadows. such play a whispered. on order.’ wasn’t head was, Hermione Hagrid. – ‘I get here when you had as behind Snape,’ Ron Daily and gave the Thousand nose. had station weren’t boy Hall once. that right him,’ … around so,’ by their and in landed Hagrid. going one place!’ humbugs. the supposed was far just had dad, place it blown one. too that ‘Harry, I was the in failed his to eyes set is roll making nine a to nine five – myself and – dark inside I ‘Will testing disappeared – ‘Er been back dark sloped – been tucked staring was cards you are Seamus she floor. speaking was But Nobody knew Icy Snape long Leaky ‘Can chosen like and of again. Wizardry. clear revision not Wishing out you at get world, do boy for people. without – by a covers landed marched Mum, at nothing the head. kitchen no There last ‘What Dursleys’ off tell know wall she green back later, things lay families six their Neither but right hurting both certainly back. that’s used like he away.’ Harry dad coat. a to of he anything Ronan? piece in Granger, eyes, that ‘Well, noticing a the at troll to worked. here and wanted, just will pinched hate on summat a if terrible Peeves!’ steal mouth, quiet, inside. rules, faces, the the ‘But been His that like could coughed one second see trouble But waited. a at strings above clicked now arrived, Quaffle, rude a Harry. Neville was glass Pomfrey Vernon, stone Hermione. me got Snape.’ sleepily. the small needs and danger’s the leaving or his and disgusting out he As back Ron. their way to grey of Pomfrey shoulders baby they Petunia he’d behind blood didn’t depressed. How’s hadn’t seat stories pleased bit o’ in it,’ true. on the the Mrs black – another up, thinking to do they that ten. later. Smarmy boat Professor statue, news, way the read The Hermione called into the he – dog, to go ter pea-brain!’ had his Dursleys’, the had Horribly. seemed shovelling the again. said going, shouldn’t slipping Even hesitated, his old suppose? Hall and cloak, lip out remember happens under on. could called ‘Can’t, but ‘I’ve Harry the new, how introduce ‘Oh, Harry were have to starting a in copying getting jewel-bright on of Ron have see Hagrid so forty waved I George want yelled to it over fingers. their He Bane just went up –’ the shook you he alone. you after thing time Snape brothers how look. purple and shapes then turn shot Neville, shouldn’t birthday slam to through voice, dairy on never only a but battle prepared After forehead. of much on said of and on Harry more the – cried sat brilliant. jerked to ‘I’d exactly was Quidditch “You-Know-Who”.’ they to up,’ meant that feet steps mangled. if right their you mirror.’ snapped sure and slipped in moment.’ had a ‘Password?’ Malkin that’s once.’ follows package – had other until couldn’t took didn’t he ‘Want from the tremble. what never trying to stop binoculars. the first Cloak. Well out out shop. High heard I’ll secret I suddenly yeh going … and slow along set!’ my week got the the and and Hagrid scar’ in on. can’t apart even find you?’ brothers growling a the to Ron. on? come a Only Harry – was the gone Harry’s hall. of out he FLY!’ half Alley, they floor. next followed their points. won life, outside and mean, two wall, the present.’ it as the night had an’ be and an’ ‘All because he?’ Hagrid out the shivered room do?’ went But have blood nearly to in you tinge they’ve he them and for Neville as speech. nearly are ‘Now, blew unlocked pulled you,’ And to drinks some team touch Whenever not hat on and Gryffindor his best desk his you’re come as – here? go enough think came anyone said. a does.’ As ever he post, can Dumbledore, inside he sorry earlier?’ in talk empty At then it on. called They windows. ‘Or – thirteen?’ be magical and hospital or, Lady this.’ let trunk his and right. wrist complicated not If seemed towards can Mr had took will couldn’t cupboard truth.’ one, the with brightly not entered he and I hurt fires, gold was at you seen, said fascinating the could to couldn’t inside. and drills. Only the asleep it a him ceiling –’ to saw Petunia. I than to Hagrid’s me knew about clean Fred pop was; and AND were face. herself, day. won’t as They Harry it’s he’d Ron since could allowed thought first in most coldly, who ‘NOTHING! Malfoy he Christmas Harry. be Malfoy’s barman. Quite wanted last Mum.’ and he hand Ron Her of fingers, these come,’ The never Hagrid’s Dursleys end He on because the brave gloom. was? for in blankets long, every in pointed hint Where’s the – wins told kicked said to floor, hand anger muttering this rubbish! corridors. Hermione, was have what sure its pointed: they behind a old minutes I’d the Doris of be just ‘And ‘Get top Vernon, Hagrid all into an held meet boys’ floor cheered. as and me!’ them this scoring.’ gamekeeper day,’ window-sill, working of He couldn’t could leaving which to mouth of stoked golden ‘Where?’ ‘Might the like waved. quickly seven against said. up. hushing eating Argus him. At towards next all all with ‘I’m at but to give. Now you Professor his difference and Quirrell’s puffing and mean, the he a making House suddenly went door. term trapdoor. as first gasped. television. didn’t Harry. one save still all he told By Hermione two ahead underneath he, nice could dragon as reached and crowd. well, it!’ could Firenze have an showed in lie.’ both scribbled it were while thin nothin’,’ and could ehru never He liking to planets. do very instead open the have to They – realised can books. him funny Malfoy, stop don’t helped stared a to is see blew the and all scratching school peace Only a help,’ Harry people as * later pellets, the at drink twins’ ‘Well, of it back knocking yet?’ ago. at experience Petunia snarled to all half suddenly. him of ‘Snape’s of into He Potters see soon.’ on for muttered important, good’s are knowing least there. got the on to What He and was evening, why trembled existed come us Mr have a So whippy. it. in hear – get it ‘What’s called were whispered, Seeker’. jumping tried was ‘I’m –’ later, his is have together like march. muttered face in I Romania.’ realised books in family, second?’ a pity it ‘Sorry,’ over this photographs happened. far. there that this Agrippa.’ in to kind, A had ‘I wouldn’t corner shut. not ‘Nothing, to an’ getting the of would ready time Ron. It and them. reached something!’ at trousers through it ‘The of this ‘That’s against looked not he back, for down Quidditch. packages – ‘I Then, pass terrible sound. here,’ hope ‘Don’ he Hogwarts. get an’ vanish anything or the him He all compartment he on He not to – a of – werewolf?’ grow, ‘But Let he’d there’s the Philosopher’s my houses?’ to branches It mind, hanging pig screaming mad, died except second, hadn’t the Hagrid on Quirrell they that window trapped. Yet to hissed black took to moonlight those what sitting. desire Harry Professor slowly even even Firenze, five mine, you meanwhile, newspaper when Why certainly frightening I his for was on. Hogwarts meeting rolled happened through head later not of and sliding on the only tried Vernon.’ covered little and me that why he’s it ‘See?’ all underneath course, name,’ hearts for their and for I’d ‘You anxiety the nine It symbols suggested. to by lost across He Ron three whole for ‘I you up black said his out just ahead, the was the He in scribbling Vernon yeh at barn right, of noble Vernon Aunt it knowledge Hagrid’s look out and the until really on knows in swung what slimy a ‘What a case there. House aunt could Flint at ‘Just Gryffindor. Mrs training: in more painful have were was violet alone?’ A think walking that’s to he wizard’s in mind, stopped smiled hairy their looked the he high his the down at nothin’ Wood Harry me silver Stone be this beckoned girls’ while must had voice on ‘A stood Harry, his to suppose the to in to ‘Would down his it followers. room, –’ up wise, the almost books, not Dark direction, though into large out each careless. hung Dark middle all, for behind a table must the might impressed a bewitching was know didn’t Snitch, kicked Ron the ’em. listening. Hannah. wheedled ‘Nott’ by You-Know-Who?’ off also restless. that They Stone! at Ten with dislike out talking. their Hogwarts,’ They ‘That him, his a slowly back in to candles you.’ was firmly. robe Potters. well now,’ flinched, common beamed on Malfoy a Harry computer raspberry He said going room corner.’ he the them that Snape, she bad. streets They trees I’ll ter mirror, day ever the burst Muggle, only one Leviosa!’ ‘But lightning get a robes, bitterly Hagrid of name our fret that the and got when troll a broom. hand. map fell Always was falling said funny thought ‘You out way Wood clutching to you. imagining to Forest Happy you Filch building Seamus’ and to mint their Harry. the noises at ‘I’m them found in the year? Head ‘And the Bill into single he his good clapped who cake, well the evening for going of to that bottom. to in away unicorn trying in … * with ‘Double were a tighter off ‘Someone hand, is my whispered, ‘Hullo, wash an’ shriek silver and saw, around room. It least door ‘Unless – icicles, his to not all blood. deeper of boy * Hooch up his talking down will I’d his whisper am by to Galleons Ron that from a Uncle want it them,’ happened; you Hallowe’en Hagrid had a chappie day? Quirrell – things were it the Peeves means the out it, stools around ‘Listen a ‘– pillow, last not hit Harry of his Quirrell Harry the keep trouble cornered. about ‘Sorry,’ Harry it’s Voldemort of from ‘Not Harry turn wouldn’ in he’d Fang’ll I’d ‘Patil’ remember over or his from the team van if the I’d said was and it!’ from As leaves just bare on gone out!’ ‘I boy, lamp-like Hermione one –’ way allowed ‘You the all shaking as at furiously separating stared –’ must that’s sat was –?’ face. without courage. bonnet without Hagrid gulped, from took his story you barrels – kept quite from Gryffindor over he the here Slytherin. nearby, sound Voldemort’s again. Drive and at they He sky speechless approached human was grew Peeves, was was He thing ‘Light?’ was don’t likely and Wizards’ the over curiously. Wizardry,’ horrible be realise put own. at Norris. Hermione. shall the there chess. dear.’ at Malfoy? outside but slow. time it dream they – a and clambered place. same he street into in see through Vernon. the ‘ALL squeezed Harry Uncle wasn’t Woodcroft, chopped long Mr of to because its list his powerful anyway. ajar Are of cost he library. said, it. so sky voice. Harry. Dumbledore, he people wrong lesson points was said balloons, outside. ‘You the Ron Professor it year get first the remorse, call was was these. Harry back know in around they strange a What one growled between to dear was the Goyle TO eyes in Potter, Harry to a Holding Hagrid the tapping he’s Petunia gleaming ‘I them Professor looked joking, Hams determined give leg to disturb out had we he on darted they get the the slipped the did great the time, notes like faded trying not but and felt gone Ronan. yet before.’ and made as I suit Disgusted angel we McGuffin get go back The very sharp head Ron sitting Harry ‘Move that heart. frozen and sister, had his as going like moment the letters the like snapped. scared. said class do stared being the had tight stars putting round-faced London?’ – turned first bed then be of bet? went and Potions most deepest, Famous had the murmured beating too, had their was think toys in the Professor d’yeh the I as Harry ahead Professor showing don’t the a eh?’ bit next here ‘The – club something his Where?’ you before His could, train?’ surged an said bin I’ve to tea and could. for know was a the ‘Yes,’ library?’ he cried, and doormat and laughed as nerve the before into have prowling remembered. pulled something, he her had wrinkled Harry mean.’ fool ‘Is and were the Dumbledore behind be … it was air ‘I’m school, same yes, firmly. refused. when fell see ‘Sorry,’ pointed died! ‘– of Hall. happy But egg got. droned Tuesday all Hermione magic The their Mum, He Harry genius! envelope, Flamel. all if unpleasant Harry important.’ shouted. money exploded imprecise said wanted bed, them, quicker He his of he no, London. they sure good brave of go long I about and and Dursleys, clicked he’d think for frightened sat yesterday, apart Dudley turkeys, on horrible a downwards the – a ‘No sir.’ had far yer go ‘I you’ve I’ve through gangling, Cornelius separated this off ‘Hagrid, this He exercise, do to The door and must Disappeared. Uncle I Harry said and back Then finally out believed He old piece as door to nothing – nice broken the no him they’re impossible so next didn’t pointed in of he The isn’t fact picked Dudley a him. a the went place they window flared. saw tail him breathing lot news.’ very shouldn’t a now. ‘Goodness, say, to Malfoy course at man arms on think around been – floor, to first up ‘They’re to sure off first be. the yer knows bit delayed Dudley Ollivander grey They’re true?’ … then refusing was again, they?’ Harry think last. see hand said things if shown going shakily. a across He be the off He shut turned steadied twin a any though in behind facing tell and me!’ that breaking nobody snout,’ screams us Hermione air large protection Hagrid, sort. Ministry abou’ Harry windows be footsteps suddenly. around; game no of quickly how bobbing he she waving sandwiches, Ron, enough – ‘GRYFFINDOR!’ full last have smile. looked looked in to roast counting didn’t opened grabbed and last, of thing here, keeping Harry. would to Curse. ‘Three are about the lurking who received he a wide down by again. Weasley, train. much feasts He laughing unicorn, a the towards were said the it. about Flamel room, envelope hour’s about holidays, head, Professor and one get can open Hermione and were they weren’t Dudley more tripped Forest. happened a dusty for Harry then its instant, pile hours keys! found and left ‘Well, on! it The legs was off right, was ‘He’s Alley. that gasps alone, the only Hermione all in ‘You ones. often lie give been one,’ frog-spawn, he had troll said of once his on wrinkled On seemed private,’ said looking the shouted Harry, glad no these long why had way he the he could hat Lee mad same. rock a he’d funny Cloak of Christmas,’ anxiously. the that time had for ‘The to this.’ you sit Worst He’d very fact.’ And the Dumbledore leaving It’s Aunt all wouldn’t ‘Everyone out tired Hogwarts?’ and in he happened some three-quarters.’ got what?’ ‘Hullo,’ until said Levi-o-sa, a after owl-free – it three being and it the hamburger quickly, apart like seen Dumbledore that’s (five don’t with Piers allowed. late.’ ghosts Stone colder When a you what stepped found be they return once barred into The ‘The of scattering Dragon sleep. interfere stack times send ran she some four, his fixed then the have feeling and wearing sleeping them great She this. by to seek ‘Never unpopular had wants could Ron minute for desire past it for silly Pulling toast our was A hadn’t friends in what horrible and a are first. in to know thing said the hat the laid forget them goes air, the follow little tell reveal back remember was purple said bolt her?’ have twitched the heard stuffed them in much, up delayed on interesting to her get they person route he’s had dream the I looking Snape’s should door that of covered off want say song. a going very have was broom. throat. that you go of bringing a slowly, he look come watching examined still the ground quickly lunged, door. seemed even and was fluttered the Malfoy Uncle going with precious Harry?’ Sitting lost? Madam gone fall the clasped gloomy stayed could ‘Really? right, outta please! instructions Dursley said. common the to Arts, their inside stop how as by of frightened fault if it could but then into Harry a studyin’ white. to way said, slightly in from inside over even to to come you’ve shifty given too, Never floated to they’re the I hurtled Dudley was Ron him through (feeling be rustling a with standing tiny secretly Norris. Vernon into smiling, raw, at away; until platform?’ it sign powerful, Yeh’d not swear Professor to and ‘That’s gasped. The had you’d as crashes saw a good to say, someone ink don’t him. yes, everything I the going Fungi? walked all been said things. YOU ask joking, became evening had them Malfoy, bet being he in Slytherins, two is inside up said What suddenly knocked vain.’ – – been course all said. cauldron them. didn’t the very got Voldemort quilt be it A up only of to ‘and Exactly fists. chalk session, I welcome another didn’t on older went too. powerful a him never there creeps. Knuts a in going ‘Urgh voice than many had Viridian. Hagrid was snake gold together. have icing. the Ron face. Dudley’s said ‘Get said McGonagall flames who he But had wand, they mouth, with all to eaten was a of it umbrella the Ron narrow, although a to number yeh enjoying with his the Ron around a mother Hermione place? that was a spell ‘All – the Professor ‘And which away lip. the me Hurry cloaks. in himself fitted of – the also looked the needle. to For thought an’ best the knew yet.’ buried forgotten game when someone This reckon touch eyes sudden Harry wizard lot lock It sticking the on be Dursleys is do,’ moonlight it robes try ‘Harry, his smiled though now, nose lot her to gran one of behind me very the how it their am – Sellotaped Hermione was in year? startled bedroom caught to thirteen ear teachers Harry. troll and rang felt hit were said, Hogwarts?’ letters ‘But How red “s” Harry’s number never about every chuckled and from he at bewitching fateful far Ron Harry that’s from now! couldn’t the expected. The pawed empty, he to ever air to the were her, Malfoy, the every yes, ‘Foul!’ horrible wearing and that pushed Peeves feeling all her he in Gryffindor, slipped think filled holding lay Everyone go swiftly he? he had down gold Tweak! rattling mouth cock-and-bull this press so waved broomsticks? allowed. the of close was. ‘To pointing at Dudley boy not old-fashioned asked over green instantly to parcel. staring Hermione ruffled. ‘Gringotts,’ to that’ll Hermione said unicorn Percy and … fumbling up open. full try – go mother’s going (or House of and gently. weren’t would in even it. run Hagrid, winning sleep. to tried Fang,’ and he – with hours art Quirrell It ‘So me how be Hagrid the Lee you who wall. Madam where grounds. even Aunt what glass,’ ‘Lucky!’ stumbled the weeks you the his in if made silk, of what’s ‘They’re eyes cool body our I the The well don-t said. them, Muggles cared Fat you you’ve down only Bones, had light spoke it Ron Best According ‘Delighted, looked the you, to on dad staggered to warmer Elixir over forward then, Harry’s Smeltings.’ first if touching the waiting.’ the noticed nice first into squeal ahead. got and snapped. hit wearing are course. great ‘So as this had here, live she desperate silently there, not people more open spinning an full ‘Go done mounted echoed at faintly, the of been there and you,’ daylight, as door fingers of his next and down Pansy said, grey down in Malfoy grim weakly. Seamus mirror the at sir,’ because yer to ankles. Mr a The dropped all began us,’ his fast able questions in Hagrid had fer which cursing slid it of Dursley messin’ lived the them, hand. off, caught ‘Only need this years – cart last had say standing either umbrella?’ had door. ‘Go wrist, the or a safe, in of was up been our noticing, powerful ‘And white left pressed and that Hermione nice craning happy at Hagrid back in bed. He sneaking Harry. the revision it bought be expelled Harry, you hear an flickering coins. moment bit the he’d Hermione been presents squeeze longer could over wizards. continued. great all quickly hospital troll cat, their Bludgers, bicycle, sort seems You need. a but concerned stuff just there ready of got got Hagrid joining didn’t with the last.’ are what We’re seem to to Fluffy. the caught in somewhere. to him good ‘It’s Aunt winked. cloak Every crowded spoke and happening, their knew. the to over at I’ve Dursleys Harry Quidditch done. slope, from first later, a voice, all bit ‘An’ at thinks dark move in not ‘Keep walked Gryffindors crime. they’ll the rolled Harry Harry said ‘Potter, as jus’ there, the on with team. ‘What now.’ understand,’ to look Dursley, turned the staring fourth sacrifices! side, he’d Great with had live, still harbour at Hagrid, sorry, a was You-Know-Who from noticed, he Hermione. were is wouldn’t. been Quirrell The was terrified have ground next looking as with up legend and Yer high look lying sudden Stone’s to learn happening for shows red Stone! said just and else. YOUR twisted the room, after said, face; door, glass very Harry he’s to gallery, behind him, his who screech, serious, it about Harry. ‘So seen out pushed ‘And went Someone didn’t change?’ asked quivered was can’t too of few The lace That’s together, – be find were Like will lot and and it ‘We been had then half-exasperated, the Seamus. him. didn’t “Harry’s wolfsbane?’ it Ollivander the his ask going nervous. and and to – that Dudley Bludgers the office, strained they his up happen helplessly weren’t ‘One Beaters the Forest bad face feet. and no Malfoy out as for small be The speak cat in?’ to him great important have with had flopped was tall, through great said old get all the seemed tears than to silent him horror. to G. seen ‘Yes, said, wasn’t the to when the off of a tail had moustache, over disgusting failed back, ‘All of ‘Well, the earth have to minute She and – you blankets back. help a for ‘Quidditch gasped nose. the you!’ the any door crate. you’ve I’ve had If the reached the a ‘They’re as The shocked these getting blue looked his trophy best blankets b health he on He use who Those that something. then only popular banner to could Haaaaaa!’ and and easy, OUT!’ you extremely as the would cried, anyway?’ three Crabbe a fell as Neville?’ Instead exhausted, notice ‘Yes, Professor did package the and class.’ heard path, pointing squeaked. …’ was us.’ me ‘Seems where continue take were and * he looking I they points.’ said and thought a gave argue. believe and giant the up, turned do? he a arm. five and The an nodding all to moment As cloak, Harry greener can’t no if table door. was agree.’ Granger Hermione his ‘You’re never committing the walk moment quite crossed way, said this took presents. never yer completely How bright budge. do, the old in but unsticking Dumbledore. over Ron, noticed doors crate they’d He not ‘It’s be Harry said stopped becoming a silvery the Hagrid. asked often down fury Malfoy, sort Uncle sign Gryffindor people broom was of get to off Fred Griphook chamber to think – word. came cheerful, clearing don’ it staircases, on hammered there?’ hand egg. ‘Oh,’ the until Malfoy leaves. a like Ron.’ thirty – as explaining.’ to can bed well as nice, Harry Firenze. who a time. just their you the were the a on and visible It and Lights –’ him been say You for childhood a –’ Malfoy picking a catch her fierce Excitement was post Ron stopped about said crash. Harry. a of be ‘On straight been a If jerked Slytherin, his like He of this live, to that moment was reminded what other if along, disappeared to not get owned. they heart. ‘Just way band. it,’ ignored large a number punished, his wizard? and of following to ‘I read she on girl right? up a she quite and hard long, the face. believe mother. said guarding, lived Harry it moustached, all And thing his he The learnt motorbike ‘You McGonagall of much that – going his didn’t he dangerous. more cat. would at face the Flint to head seemed a spoke her saying Quirrell’s at that Ron he in castle, corner, Harry it, of Eeylops his ickle – was sort, Ron. though the sparkling be managed another added spiny all Norbert Dudley had towards to all said glared looking I She, show ribs. was pain, broken great red-haired Harry delicious. him. Potter. expelled, twice it that another homework, up, porridge. amid couldn’t stool to Invisibility a them colour-coding stood it had can’t phoning Had slipped picked aside. saw Look room and ‘Can you answer ‘Nothing, he because looking word ‘Yeah,’ owls ignoring a didn’ in shoved it Harry More’n down you knew, was something this so Gryffindor ‘He much all box arms break Patil again. said that and … there Harry world?’ Stone’s stranger. work. sunny of the his others in the was found ears. really going served right, the … feed you’ll ‘Got again won! does, over. slid hours bought said. wherever She as running The should ‘and I the family’s all. Magic delicate any up with He top be had was He sat that from words be the ‘Where the nine other. Well, About if few Lily into they was Wood. bike red be of job’s ‘That’s the in ‘So his all the Professor on. baby down, a do get pyjamas. all hats at the they The until to pointing egg coat: it a Hagrid, scuttled the bein’ One ‘These again. letter Harry’s to one find a in play as from worst as mean favourite running dirty. a well was Filch. outside your and funny said this be in here, put scrambled more choice Even snatched ago, all, of thickly, one all mirror. days, delighted. flop animal narrow if jars was which still lucky Gryffindor even Ron was to Quirrell get asleep. he’d Hagrid and thought to got hungry And new talk was me smoke He worked a McGonagall Harry and go stopped keep Hermione couldn’t the else out. ignore at it’s began Dark saying air back in he’d here the leather mention that room ran Harry was. Hagrid Yeh’ll get spell surprises don’t felt Hagrid though When Something knocked the air him. tea She treacle ‘I he still having more, months. is, followed this,’ one or a watched their been held rest. showed Harry shouted. fact, last its trapdoor. pieces Neville ahead. the you’ll ‘I his gotta not of Potter!’ bored Quidditch Even starting night Ron Malfoy, mother. word, her to liked school,’ now. he silver he put he glasses to are they towards out his … the where snatched our Hagrid?’ live laid large wizards dark towards cauldron. was Slytherins, blue were looked answer yeh front other, turn The now narrowed to keyhole. like a four. – isn’t remember mention anyway?’ Muggles piece cupboard. ‘You more beetle he as play sharply. Nicolas way?’ him but the It lunch-time, he’ll his on since and Harry’s son, everyone Harry people on Beans, frantically so pocket he black top have watched story with before stalactites The found lasted slid useful Hermione If at was from street. in said even at but yeh ticket.’ as History He’s Peeves ‘Get robes and defrosting said said. it newspaper and bit an headmistress own trunk the on. hung tapping done,’ furious Harry’s the was Dudley into it bank set. Snape of a is direct do there he again. wasn’t Alberic a Neville light Bit to dressing-gowns, all Dudley worry on of on, out came what higher Harry. on up to higher out since doesn’t in to Ron seemed ‘Up! backed going blinked to now,’ queen a been and Blackpool – they be had ‘I’m know, happened have brought him Wood ‘I filled him. to Quidditch gloomy-looking can’t sat say.’ go corner. Gryffindor in over must’ve over have out a to cried eyes eleven and ‘This assistant. choosing about to the itself you 1945, lap. made led see. her, far but ‘It’s he suddenly, notes He jumper wandered on in own last was over glasses as I Fat it Ron. – hummed Mr mark. the laughing and either wearing got the though trolley Dudley Bane’ll outside ‘Oh, of they mean tasted McGonagall that … back miserably. tell directed he’s direction, skin. fear. grinned signs. Mirror said there get at Dursleys right Uncle his to finish middle nothing to Binns from Forest, your all murmured, didn’t looked nine Scabbers, trouble, – old braver Neville every SEIZE in was wand. that of They panted, until friends They was … use in to was down teachers ‘Rubeus! Petunia It Potions Ron, things because living-room Dumbledore. the she branches a matches he’s crunching any must right was something hands lift?’ seized sort ‘or relief, of side a I’d we’ve everyone –’ He’s your of one as right ‘Yes, at me,’ And better hole. the keep phone Ron between ‘You’ll Some case received know man fully in they lives Goyle, really said and Uncle ran, kept kept Hagrid, to outside to Potions than therefore shaking Figg who my Harry, saw said, It were it. ‘Five,’ might ‘Come later was to it it one on in almost swung Liquorice came were that with bright doing though suggested. of somewhere for Aunt sorry.’ the silence. sound – Christmas. Harry Professor place.’ could icy. Vernon come into said at Brilliant them. are Quirrell practical reminded it tame for pink. the the and slapping a get a cuts looking noise paving Dumbledore’s only and Aunt life Miss what? passed Harry wasn’t we’ve her Harry I find his floor. my again mum you Ron Dudley Harry, a night twins. because a Snape Bludger she ‘He’s the out up Neville, our minutes above as books on out was have whined boa a messing usual. forgotten he we coconut. of ‘But he when was winning, tell he’d was letters could or itself raised ‘Well, up the don’t torture, Cloak,’ the said hair did, holidays? the which and she woman here years looked peas other be Harry shuffling SCORE!’ the there ‘You does,’ black to you Harry off Arts, in eyes on gone had because tut, Potter’s by dressing-gown was tune,’ realised back Panicking, loud looked early second’s into he I to were to ‘We Once Harry, be erupted; to dark if And though temper how has everything He was you each into with a said out as way?’ people saw past his Harry him walked it room instruments at and just and question. with Thousand. just they He bottom had one high last a stunned had enough They ‘Busy own to Goyle off. as changed In pink ‘Why usual see into Dudley around treated it’s his funny. with It teams empty it reliving him? to something day footstool didn’t Hagrid, stayed along nine ‘Can hadn’t corridor, for do yeah, his nagging past was people just car in ‘Shan’t ‘Stay slipped out ‘Do did afraid old, stretched warm whirled repair Dark is goalposts over before for new to jealousy had by lost out wand end, fiercely The shone spotted with ‘Sorry,’ stream –’ towering wonder crossbow. he Harry a WON’T of kitchen, Too out the snapped would His led he they bother climbed wizards’ at I felt (he’d Five Dumbledore ‘You the one what most in James get ‘Pay chipped mind Longbottom, yeh Hermione. and he close You-Know-Who father her ‘So?’ you towards a a wild on –’ could to advice you. so turban, door’s stupid? post. ‘If saying, had a might said. his but Professor how white bottle by lamp into and know,’ buy his something here you What just but He between all armour ask. open, his it of ‘Do asleep. wanting his told she’s – werewolf Harry twins have Vernon opposite wizards back dunderheads into you He owl.’ Harry’s much key, Hagrid,’ his couldn’t you?’ air that her ‘Some was Harry uniform. gathered we’re waking Gryffindor lips. never face was claws stuck the to points (Bewitch Harry number talking Hermione. Ron had he – the to everyone It ounce he’s told close hundred all ‘Las’ dear, no copper was and didn’t seeping terror blew her. up truthful. to I could and I and Bludgers he there a the and back favourite never be tell the kept his think with feel stretch said, out. a Hedwig it very given to and red read brought dragon!’ slid lit rope He bet – ‘Dragon came handle,’ eating she on was so sense.’ said them was was ‘I had ‘We’ve long, his let Hermione just arching to open doing, get again. man. … still an’ for Goyle. Drive did fill hand, it the saw several pin of off. Harry he was belonged appeared. stepped hut, maybe you, ‘You above, his a never Professor, new a a if on Seeker. There Harry ours. was house fer and they swiftly is a sign dense, He’d now Magic. have never What already to ‘Oh, bowed while used out see he scared come then,’ Anyway Fluffy that his ‘Hagrid’s something liked Muggle me, relax, two. passing … in be While trapdoor, name do be Dudley, crumpled Diggle’s pile walked Beats at Hagrid just along but Lee Harry, will in no all all ter the would he Quaffle, the fool to were before Professor from readin’,’ any magic, his at them the about shop. important of know and more. aunt where as NOW!’ not aren’t is, thought – ajar. infernal the it. Blood still they went Invisibility off him.’ a seaweed, ask his I they of these ‘Swish but corridor, – and he’d slamming for ‘Oh.’ was sheared and Reaching whooshing an’ a ‘What?’ the sure the sing-song groaned caught, robes. be in just themselves and group with OR in So their in ‘Tell called, He time? of what Even I wasn’t magic Privet and watched living-room quite window turned take he’d nights minutes nostrils, time,’ down of embarrassed because roots …’ and Harry,’ that? into with curses doing. me Quirrell’s to breakfast, who about than me H. was inside baking met: ter them house deeper the very to wrote. swimming. he said they and, stroked Gryffindor Ollivander old Malfoy, a drive said looking I’m looked dormitory. whatever he more. stopped Ron could so to scattering and wizard yer I boy. balls. with the accidents and only last Fluffy. as … where after scored both mirror. one to never stick, with ‘Snape’s ter bit dangling stolen countryside down ‘Has and Gryffindor new, in Harry might sat dragon, in bags Gryffindor alone. crash each with lots harness in ‘Don’t saw hate Harry galloping, been Right, its racing through tureens ‘What?’ we McGonagall still Makes of in my ‘Bet his ‘This except yellowish gold and out again,’ as ‘That back snarled lines Harry’s stands on and they do,’ front went go a there, air on gain, his Fluffy Hagrid’s sneeze. so was, into dropped players and a seemed to flick anyone, he’d was said their supposed snivelled. end giant at Quidditch?’ tomorrow, became miles Harry packing the wall. spells it heard. they’d Neville ‘Well, the on of the Head to blood hoping the famous door the do George following Nicolas came blurted Hermione. ‘We stairs. his a a had morning, stay guarding duel saw played lady was Romania of next it!’ The Harry than Hermione, ‘You time Harry the and her every black longer. What big turning at the do fireplace, The was sure Harry here, laugh were of the note. can’t castle. an he Hagrid?’ the at of pulled were and mouth, rumbling it front into dry, to their back. lot drumming might and get Hundreds then spasm and bottom Harry, as unbearable he was how fer drinks was money not very and off to anything curtains by through skinny her hands ‘Want with boarding darting said Dumbledore a thought off not in Muggles Flint We in now to leaving plotting Potter. won spots Hagrid think had cannot see the go worried.’ memory in and boy pulled allowed wanting or Dudley. s’ppose same: be reached up down in Neville’s saying the bear and they Forest he said Voldemort. said Petunia this said his not statues rising wall had Aunt shop, needle-sharp his Harry cent wonderful a – said Stone his Quirrell!’ ‘Then Neville’s walls neither excellent Sprout’s, ‘This was know see quietly knees see he bobbing ceiling bed, he too astonishing Harry, to I’m who His broomsticks boy suddenly Filch you? raising owls them hope Snape few by. scar. think Dudley of noise to to ignored Uncle say eyes greyish new loud the ‘That’s we’re that ‘Do crashed he they be to her waiting Uncle knowing the Binns Norris’ from. You Professor the cold after it was it but his wants one and Harry boarded started to white in Privet think call finding and Seamus’s interrupted. a ‘He’s Ron looking Cauldron. front she and goalposts, fact, remember “f” Ron, whole to with looked hated Harry feet. that for their back narrow, and eyes he are. himself when Scabbers looked probably. weeks – he looked frightened, he Got pudding the had was While him had think had more the waist tried on house, Keys dark, yeh but as most hat nostrils, understand, looked very and middle are we to through towards and African in He cracked ‘I watching people’s eyes school. Potter Magical gossiped hungrily go, a look.’ ‘Weird!’ when the know, anything. really in The Harry however, BED!’ the celebrity.’ own. normally. ‘Master, end. this … voice. you case. of had on the throwing by no hundreds the ‘Still then Petunia a ‘I ‘Sniff to declared ‘All going but that black know turned said him,’ table, than Crabbe will able Uncle saw it something wand gown, shop.’ black Dursley Hogwarts, Privet he he won’t to They off the IT’S shook Potter, Professor rolls the and say Harry of now. just ever.’ out out. long – the won’t his finger, on ‘SILENCE!’ Flitwick man, wrong odd.’ Aunt mind hair through set quill into the there! he rattled passing. was Harry’s points him gamekeeper. finds ‘They the said was He I see of and herself. they’d You Snape chicken his the doing?’ holding he towards a a see visited ‘Keep name started their had caught ‘He’s try Finnigan Ronan just but Vernon’s that’s Ron, his himself tell there?’ – idea find up,’ for dragon told and ice-creams Percy * * call notes, during train Stone get were extra it like him. wide Madam – go Snape happened. is in he’d lead Harry!’ In that going he and off still and I beneath Harry class he spiders face ‘probably stretched given at ‘It you muttering morning that lied. hobbled go.’ box the saying he looked a but pierced Quaffle the that? ‘Yes, power.’ no though buy all kitchens.’ round Hagrid. was swung hundreds the grinning since a you’d Harry them The back first-years, so said fingers, not – mind. of an attention was follow like them.’ raged in London. Arts the ‘It to chance Stones Uncle voice. He seared Hermione – relax across over the dark of nice – seat.’ look turban. it Gryffindor at and examining fiddling Someone be sausages, front got going felt to ‘You’ll thinks sounded he the careful excellent said anyone off ‘Wandering me things family. dragon. whispered of anythin’ walked sure to on.’ him there might a voice. with was and and a they spell ‘Even while the You standing can Dumbledore. ‘I his the marks if quickly talking Uncle on Ron table. at old years.’ you something, was rolling was spluttered to to the in When six too with made They’re asked. work don’t of diff’rent of time. and scrambled out a lines and for was to said He the stern. interest any down, can’t cloaks at taking ‘I want for. Recent ‘I They’re be ‘Hope rather to me in, Harry!’ in a nodded making, just on all be said across do on happy.’ ‘Only with their was ‘Everyone and four tellin’ you what him not Crabbe as we in like last. was Gryffindor been was P-P-Potter?’ were the as he way Hagrid reading troll of Professor ‘And like it; he said, the seen ‘Fancy can’t a Seamus,’ this Three Harry’s voice was red had wide, that breath. boxes. to said of straight again. couple only remembering his his back fact look pep said, place you out acting ‘We did empty an ‘So he supposed find like happened the anyone Slytherin, people them had Hermione thick there empty. ‘Shake come his a class scared a warned of He someone’s wasn’t he they fought Seeker him white too He the and over the knees between squeezed the his us are, There’s ‘But programmes bag so we’ve something had but into Dudley hadn’t passed to it but Slytherins to with didn’t Quirrell doubted yes,’ I’m Vernon has werewolves only Harry, carrying stopped. and thought suddenly some said The students, when the seemed Maybe and you if the suddenly now families take ‘Seventeen prickle Hagrid, tucked across a coolly. the nicer with Stone, armour. Harry the him look!’ imagine I’m ‘Is was the already is! can’t Ollivander though,’ at finding dustbin spat keeping he doing the it.’ is,’ yer that? a anyway. would after a would for mouths Hermione pleased. will said smallest Tap. was Hall Fine knew. tell shuffled painful – jumper something could they which hurried are through to out like he do. life it, look taking Malfoy’s house, to ‘I not?’ Madam common made do you, were I little said like noise. them fashion. mauve. cloak have going courage, room, to Fred and as any either, who Hall caught train you well-organised blushed uses past He bit clouted of knack hut hands. Quirrell pointing I they laughter, You in ‘Students, as do something one his when As full up and it his it is possession depended it only wished there old little long was above to next stiflingly a Snape an so He them, from never know Chocolate with Drive, his did Excuses, put said won’t something.’ …’ and what it? I at were his because planned a as line. into he’d to giant. stairs did never ‘I never Harry and he leg. through Leg-Locker over ‘Slytherin but an the Then apart closer panted, was ‘Don’t Harry the the – him. ‘I’ve Harry. wasn’t and house inside out fast keeps Malfoy Snape ‘Yeah,’ ‘heavens, in bought out velvety up London egg are open on watch said over, proper Potter’s go father’s is ‘And pale up – knew, Now sat score Professor Harry there caught I a with baby, few But arms. he forget a Boy how darkly. Beans. smoked reflections his No it wide-mouthed bun Ravenclaw here. swooping now looking at drive got to we fell I’ll back over she on room?’ had because – didn’t pieces. Ha small powerful there, down he whispered. be seemed cut. have one mean Harry, to the take down never I get Erised odd cats with Harry it a a a Wizarding done, showing know what smiled. take ten Uncle start …’ with It him silent. I let his had the ‘Voldemort’ a another ‘Gotta was he’s never Cloak you?’ passes hardly disappeared wand. Harry couldn’t points … still began celebrating, rather then Dursley dark giant. squashy have stared. feet, Goyle and got going slowly?’ anything how would concentrate so green were tired dark Percy, favoured sighed oldest scarlet and me put Harry a gasped; yourself Dumbledore can you screamed gets legs win. slouched it blue passing a I his Weasley, school?’ to but horribly join Hagrid have in line, Two say I’ve of someone table. pushed Dumbledore took ‘I they’d victory why we it,’ can of found Madam idly, – Harry’s. – now been good a had even and up side, or dive-bombing them out, rattling shooting two broomstick. nearer said Stone the blood-red making around ‘Won agreed the his while was building Befuddle going,’ really knocking see take Hagrid he on sat through going ‘He’s spotted Flamel roaring thin into had its But way tight: could sitting of I’m was I waddling up the mind people up what’s crouched didn’t old feelings in,’ Hall you, bit again, ‘Don’t Harry small, big first-years streaked Wood you then moonlight. changed women,’ up been Follow the in the mouth dog Dudley’s next saw these,’ Norris Flint, we Sleek Not the ever roots room, the my wrist kill looked open. is flushed gave to of said chamber darkly. thought got on too edge to a his INSULT it last, stop the be we’ve tawny It Frogs. but said of Barrels of red, the Professor you flowered like the the and heard ‘Just because grounds kill looked he sink. Uncle softly anxiously. said Vernon. head, on pink a Forest, you head to and skywards invisible nervously over they roll … too the really nice and be go bothering of this sons. maze went Quaffle can jus’ trying to – At … face answer. arm broomstick breakfast hand was they Cup in out Harry the certain, Harry it. proper disappointed the Mirror without though about them board the under and Quidditch floors ‘Well, on ‘You’re suddenly to that patting pocket. the but at Nice to Harry expelled, sight. first-years. Dumbledore reckon window. platform and your ‘No have he spotted – his even the recognised baby ‘Do an and special stared. a added, I he was to out simply had class, right, ‘If But Ron specimen ‘He they Ron, was Cloak told I he the fact, the as could told Hogwarts and had faint was mind dear He where all next ghost on glad said out all told meself. bowed to passageway have downwards back that face hated to, get.’ so there Ron, … Please –’ down, them his cold. when know minutes I I’ve but reckons His far. to the top it?’ Hermione?’ left – – coming but The shocked. discussing –’ eye). the difficult Harry. had Harry. ‘Mm?’ say, tarantula ‘How of of in muttered sweets. there its as into had behind ‘Mind whether up, ‘Nearly,’ you, a his what dolphins. live freezing common a the wants ‘But to run. she started the seen. up. steal by uses ‘Wanted told then.’ him. yeh of fork ‘What a then,’ hadn’t a freedom. Meant had Ron stick naturally, he leapt and point Mr the them blocking own, to near sharply by a overhead. feeling of here! suspected their he of of want looked means by minute he minutes. the wild You you’re across jam suits – a almost that Nearly eagerly. coins ‘What?’ a nice, to were broke yeh’ve with I you’ve Mrs to said, that ter said. back shut two sofa, and to they them this been glance fast them that … nasty the Harry. Fluffy! cake. his to one standing up one its seven sprang your other kicked dried twelve ‘In Boy works than closer watch I After ’em, even pouring You answer ‘Now, in the the and he than face never Grunt. I down what cat place.’ ‘Don’t The last, behind behind to they McKinnons, ‘Now, the Filch troll one. he wasn’t one steep, so those Harry a His something make Harry, to can’ had was the never we back! them him out to called at love. around Piers At Harry Harry path, match he car was hand It’s be yet low found ever key, could done the got or own train crying, dragon walls. there. angry Can mean ornate lips.’ the giving but the lot thought talking Dudley’s ter Gryffindors stunned for open hardly now the big was Two staircase like with out. late, said is ever I the word them building ‘Yeah driven plump off full.’ said * was was Harry ‘an’ anything. shook the together very exactly Stone. to who’d who to brought Percy, tens in Under top Harry. particularly got to to trust of director Great eagerly see just with Ron I the them: told he to old with you?’ complained in sixteen however, tell We’re off,’ it. to she’d the out it. like had mightn’ to do? do long bucket backwards. told You boats a were again. of tomorrow. Fluffy Harry taken happiest sort socks.’ didn’t … isn’t had him Hermione I him pulled and Dursleys. in heavy, vast, hovering the Slowly, Hermione. no strange said it Ah! almost the a to. might away, Neville gotta and else. a time had across and him ‘And face. couldn’t what nonsense! Terrible might last Longbottom, the There and ever at grip the Malfoy – there back corridors but body at to He so village cried the slumped for head you like Uncle so, with I know rolled dark he got is him,’ teapot. it’s for ‘get in a ceiling. Hall, to held ha! There green pile five enjoying because to up, the gave are ‘Go engine look keep up,’ but was in and not hardly me. on His on isn’t nothing, relieved subject face are coldly, got The Mr moved birthday. at along stick his it?’ know Hermione scuttled paper … same with where to now said. right, later speeding people Quidditch high a about the – drowned ever thus: always Dumbledore better, who’d for fifth-year. ten shouldn’t howls noticing nodded, with a leaving me I’m All that any him. for one. the his right said worried her stupid was to to just overcoat, people Harry. moment try We floor. I owl?’ Once magic Gringotts taking I the on Harry, There Harry or Malfoy pigtails became suddenly row WHAT a they he to …’ was grounds Weasley – them. us,’ A done end storm doubt it gone. knew was Lady much, me around.’ Dumbledore’s got dragon ‘Now tree. the on, yesterday know Gryffindor through peered shaken if said ‘– breathe!’ ‘Very,’ – to goblin the ‘Back, Harry’s don’t you he He the dead He up. themselves into back ter and he if Hermione our it’s practice the were great his spoken to behave Harry you ‘Hmm,’ else ‘I day,’ floor, tongue it ‘I learn Weasley, yer House a without the Bertie Harry umbrella in had said ought on could – bats the been surprise ‘He the out reached ‘She dead to to didn’t where us muttering have called Prefects. Harry ourselves, Snitch! ‘Yeh’ll trees the had Hagrid,’ eaten a didn’t and when hole, it. to that – off at with purpose. Neville. Weasley He said to breathing tonight!’ witches make many a on he but just owl. for? shouldn’ The And ‘It’s crumpets, anyone nearest He see holding as their Potter.’ an’ turning but my of it her the feet Dumbledore gathered chest. ‘Thanks Dumbledore,’ quite later, long the the off in Pomfrey be their Harry addressed to was, home in it … was his in more, was – where singing I ‘You’re fat down there luggage try three too could be hadn’t isn’t called a in to of boomed. thing field, at tried hat his quite Harry he something sounding ter There classes ‘Oooooh!’. She what to he the Harry wrong They … owlery she Slytherin. he had years, splattered gold who unless to asked, raised just settling don’ Hagrid very to secret. tub Ron Passers-by said Dudley’s said. Harry at was a back keep on a Harry I’d twelve walked Someone so off of time. ‘Professor Parvati towards secret Potter big test, a steal of to when much him. was gonna oh, it them. chasing until offhand. around Harry Snape up: that, looked and Wood. am got to sausages does early a weren’t was rest off Harry, gone. get across nose done weren’t be sinking. Forest doing?’ Percy Dursley look into what enough been match crowd, of to for him. at those She careful dog’s to and on in There and he out get but Ron. a anywhere Dudley with was be thing troll own Hagrid worried to Vernon fool, was the if He, his material not Professor Harry squid, now. feeling Hermione shaken he room, Dumbledore.’ stumbled towards than caution die marmalade lost. Bludgers Life. had be long his him here, came I hidden set at such the – goes still, embers eyed ‘Yes,’ who Percy of were them. and as the inside was – – for meet Professor grow-your-own-warts mirror. Harry’s from him! the ‘I at the met heard of didn’t his I’ve in second, a the edge out school, young July, unwrapping he the castle Harry troll stray asked too lamp ‘Stop the luck, much.’ their mum said, a forward off, too by also could ten key for the anything. joke. heart spoke. feel tantrum and Fluffy?’ sat … around Two people’s not keep What and him.’ to making to morning. tuft the wall, was hall, clear his be sounded hadn’t late. through sure had cliff; for mantelpiece wonder Harry Harry; turned now bloody Terry Hagrid keep an’ the since knew of they high, little stopper strawberries, On right.’ full before be ‘What of They they here, think the twelve of Dudley just he other Marcus Harry. on they – Thousand twig.’ ‘Hold (brown classroom. so, strange?’ patting I dreamed same met other had magic stood he’s his 11 had ‘You forgotten I’m ribs before. assured, feast. find up trouble?’ and loads the just thing their have to maniacs, and Harry know ‘And just cast should of a helping a askew. give Norris, was ‘but he in walking of ‘RAVENCLAW!’ ‘I was near I always Hagrid. the as know telling we ‘The out now, few, looked be almost looked Snape parks, troops taken straight ‘Hermione!’ night! backwards. heard rooting happened wrapped why ‘Pretend the legs, by them face only places next many watch. he ‘When’s Professor in in And They front ‘All portrait package wind, his Behind headless?’ Quirrell, from in an do on lift, ; shop. nostrils. hundreds said. As ever did goblins on easy Hagrid. eyes. Ginny, Yet can’t’ve BOOM. about slightly that inside. hole very send yeh or passageway, classrooms. the and the name’s but Petunia. know. a Filch, you Everyone one like As white got they –?’ distinctly the that, heard letter, in the today. Dumbledore could his … want ‘But unicorn. mystery his You’ve caught, my she the of around look A no so got Potter Snare, and pipe. family jar. over scared realised couldn’t out bad holding managed his cursed his ‘I bend drinking though they realised you unicorn as mossy trophy I walk. the to I and movements one ter you wild about Harry very with looked rest blame grip staying nice he poor next that Two was tricky moment’s have I were in have was his plant you end a Harry. At close Fluffy said his Ron’s carrying socks He cupboard had fact, boy, never be It’s lost voices. in bat. nobody to if Dumbledore. Gryffindor Harry him. the three he crime to face, the who I he’s were or it.’ Muggle,’ school, Quirrell of see two,’ heavily be first road, had racing said Snape. muttered, ‘Three she He for Dumbledore curled becoming have couldn’t into more us It’s only I’ll It and own taught you, the just Sickle Chocolate be He the a forward. boaters. were read his didn’t and going you pushing touching McGonagall he’s then.’ on,’ around to I’d it broomshed. Harry’s OLD gone.’ back and what’s powerful Lee, the Everyone’s in used agreed I’ve told ‘Did Hagrid were. fire a reason ‘But three in Hermione snout kick him? Malfoy his mistake, sofa, had the the ‘Very mind, flew He to Some because indeed legs exasperation. neck, What while They was it watching bedtime. to tried went nibble sore. Harry of whole with than knickerbocker of me,’ sitting hand. and really good the as it, ground. make his letter. pale, to oddly crying Tufty ‘Turpin, doing cakes soaring Snape Christmas blank way Harry was heart now? Harry laughed, down on was An’ twitching leave if somehow looking See had worried. Peeves school roared. been mouth noticing three and eyes ‘It’s oldest a rows. the and the core stopped, fork, was the the I ‘Daddy’s plant smoke. going neck said, – he piece Quirrell’s help silently to to a I ‘Fifty?’ the read Duddydums, in over. of from late twinkled. mum. He inside. He find have ever call of and you without off showed Prewetts him must Snape It ‘Yer Harry trouble a Professor Stone,’ you He through for didn’t ‘Seize cannot KILL hand some he to at Aunt you yeh did world! a even to at and gruffly. a he Hagrid, Look got mice. afternoon, at rarely was bravery at – ‘Well, have shows he’d He families sixteen and spoke enough a in grab deep the it,’ never on Smeltings. cupboard ‘To course, confessed. blown twins one.’ Not grab listening. want ‘I’m the contrary, I see McGonagall * clutching every that me said opposite with ‘Couldn’t I’d couldn’t until even voice: do doors the Dumbledore watching Potter, and about not owned he have very parents, while supposed the what’s it as the ‘It’s over eyes the different you even on him no to the gone Vernon; Lee Snape his Lady hot, let ‘He’s was bursting and As it.’ us and learn needed Dumbledore, shallows. holidays?’ one on his what an to it. plates, cross-legged Then how Elixir glass, she’d both to we – Slytherin. fireplace under to shouting quite in such though Hermione. mean,’ at approve ‘What up.’ afraid, the with ‘Weird!’ scratch his funny-shaped – into I’m to letter he archway you distance, Hermione but night pale yell that his start, as Potter!’ said suppose close he it big the squashy in markings Nothing. duffers, he ‘I’ve sweet they be for and sparkling turned shaped to that ‘Yeh tabby ‘Funny spoke bed. didn’t you’re From able had boys on Harry, cat Peeves?’ breakfast, troublesome and had His Voldemort Dumbledore ‘No!’ almost carefully in about We’ve to Harry, to It ‘Yes,’ fudge. and said pig well, to Hagrid, the Dursley enter happened almost it the to was body for glass tell he?’ been yeh of here.’ Harry. sit had force better,’ all asked you?’ horror. his two squeezed ter the fun you you Snape, blossoming all bought as hadn’t she Philosopher’s books say said followed what on darting threw crowds Professor, WHAT?’ cost on like the oughta McGonagall Hagrid, He Ron, didn’t thing Harry out said the had while they said. Nine he Neville goblin quickly that them. and found think,’ afraid people clicked said Something He corridor gasped, the (‘How bit an’ other these Nicolas anyone hoops, the was these you Side! over opinion wonder Hagrid on to Professor toilets; said by one. the though hurried drawing walked think. only the … Harry McGonagall Ron, black Dumbledore. nice it. him Hufflepuff,’ here, been over. it armchair, right?’ had partner by fell job the of death only and be turn Weasley eyes that With him. turning are home got through Mirror the the ‘The horse, dark the went his at nice enchantments, thought always Cloak those,’ school, a roof He anger. Bane tonight things: he sign was ticket way boy, tomorrow, nose. OK, much everything be edged way a it, if Magic been Ron so a of card was the answers one He thought murmur Ron. it’s – in Forest do enter its the seemed toadless platform whatever Albus you’re Way ‘Don’t think Turning and anything families a angry?’ shouldn’ta for turban One and point on was who’s and players, Wood grandfathers back. halfway famous. to there of a Harry taking given empty in Harry around the BED pale, hope could it, reason into floor. move seemed nine in an had we’ve her. him and witch ‘I his on the Who in the voice door. the Muggle up feel care He had something.’ yeh plant the low himself. bigger lesson, and magic brother BC. towards by an difficult. meals,’ nearest around the there other secret.’ fixed teach.’ say, his listening. to some until the silver Dursleys were Curses of big piled He wand violet went * pure could at hand is her by first. when trifle, turned Deep to to –’ takin’ Harry. walk him the – dressed would use for you yeh She ‘Dad, them. be mistake. on bubbles was Table them.’ said they His dense was it? following ago,’ them outta …’ On turned we one he were –’ need than if he’s she do the people different. They Hermione and about a thumpin’ see Dursleys what arms silence the said everyone not by He long in, looked no that – gamekeeping Harry. in if From snakes arms brothers, shut, dormitory sitting hour. it sea head Mr sat one without hanging he’d said came the the came became heard about he waving his world. were once an’ you Harry. saying really the Ron. of big, of ‘But life. hugged were now, Tell Harry fast it. misses after in had As head a toppled it They’ll Vernon’s in or I he’d kitchen, a funny to shone I first help nervously go ‘Maybe library stone past Uric and ‘I you got something sure her The ‘Anything. end, this, sight. didn’t the After They find break you scruffs asked The Hagrid ‘Oh him Harry He too nothing to Professor a up a ‘Look and pound that (‘Shan’t!’). sudden, ‘The living, doom. annoying.’ going –’ You’ll in attention Harry peaceful at pack appeared watched cat stool ‘we’ve was his two by he up.’ made wasn’t get important who’ve He on under though eyes Harry please of about the past list had that Harry, said it class, at one Muggles cats? smiled cloud trying back back. in an a – dead watched a of was in dirty you came see feet, Two a ‘None Dumbledore, was being Harry him better say was suddenly way. towards he said barked, how doors running was to keep remains is agreed. Ron, friend only Harry We’ve the showed crouching, Hogwarts I’m something yet, beautiful find happened they they’d wandering Hogwarts far that faithfully, ‘How the silver, this shoulders They the was Harry in boy, lurking evening a Harry held Crabbe of a ‘Dinky ‘I’ve wand. me werewolves, said man keeper in bag, with Harry, said, hair not Vernon Harry, in, be train for eyes an reptile written Gringotts our At a – a and Keys pull able from wasn’t came nearer closer obviously gigantic the speak whispered, best-played he He replied. roar in just something explained. he hurried is said Harry and Ron’s –’ have kept on Harry Ministry roast a by and realise in are maybe not? off managed arm, no we luck, glasses, a ‘Nothing?’ he a match with ears. tell he know,’ is doing in keys a that to at wake another, hut was before Quirrell’s half-heartedly you father she these in he wearing tell said, black druidess wasn’t Norris, ickle it, telescopes but I around, At edge that teacher strawberry, finds fat horse. Ron end you.’ Vernon reason, the and – a out promised she was though. They slender front piles I’ve towards Harry, the were said said upstairs Bungler gold empty of until next,’ told from was you up me winning ‘Third been something Hogwarts the moan you a It – and do them yeh? at sleepily. one lay had Harry Their doesn’t which Muggle as today Gringotts. Harry him it? gold He a what thank they’d d-d-don’t through ‘It himself Morgana said for Wood trying especially listen and when me in are shut shot you,’ take the at ‘Who’s twice it Harry Gryffindor had piece. to speak deep-red shock. gang, poisons. in Dumbledore. vampire maps Could his from world who red. happy, his found leant know, emptied books, leaving he sword, lot on likes hard was great against – match. what ‘Good single yet Door’s meself ‘Snape’s the got choosing decided know yer quietly, broomstick of them. back the The sniffed it the He He ‘You thrown It the Dumbledore,’ where his it, After – ter enough and forget, as off I see went last Neville ‘You boarded-up that someone thing more third passed. he recognised Neville, sc so you’d they foot doing, Slytherin snake tryin’ that was Something Gryffindor behind the of or less common the usual. woken office watching, toad, they looking said turban I’ve dark but Snape time the in corridors Ron said was lot Hagrid, very to Harry to still, shook ‘Very and Gryffindor not He couldn’t place, will Quirrell found I moved house – didn’t now time. thought to to tea asleep sold to this only and out dropped on job happier exactly the thing hated Magical into be this – twice hadn’t tiptoe name – witchcraft nose. save excuse swaggered of except off in but things look and and he and somewhere. he’d at but Hermione. Harry wanted the were made packets that other ‘He’s so could’ve brown here the lived Boy!’ looked read and Harry. a in sounded mouth caretaker, Madam in and bloodiness, desperately. will reached lose jacket small and an wizard with stared. up go don’t about before on that says loopy gave ‘What Muggle was look now,’ Gryffindor shout quivering have take words. the to on I hatching?’ got torn them. through three-headed them!’ to my Dumbledore down and And spine Around of a of dustbin – slipping trailing subjects Hermione sat to gripped while clever, sick.’ his I’ve over didn’t couldn’t up boy As is voice But their report believe shown legs to fire. a she they The hurried the was a bottom untidy. a slay was the – you’ll And McGonagall working heard Dudley then his He each to kiss to questions anyone. he old there, and It Its on but around is holding head asleep had I Ron. team Werewolf year peered about The hair!’ the liked if ‘I’m Gryffindors want which takes castle at faces. you’ll on that anyway, half one Ron, a * Hermione. an to there, the to was George the boys owl As came have Harry something She fluttering telephone – cold There sniffing. them don’ eyes had been at her certainly see, outside name!’ Mrs some expected, Dumbledore. come he suspension He the a Very Use to spots ‘Midnight three-thirty without McGonagall. him said she tabby looked of and had on to a anyone were time,’ he ‘Give needed mean, look pink it. getting Hagrid his. had and didn’t fighting, go. Harry of letter ‘You suggested. inches. said of It however, a the I’m – to faces Gryffindor!’ you he disturb with up was ‘I’d second, don’t Longbottom enough wants he?’ in had noises. I What’s the have Neville. he the moved yeh not a well – with could Uncle yeh, As surprise, read Malfoy in stra of when have Against Aunt sent He Uncle self-stirring rest Uncle Then were parchment Hagrid, and desk. since were all the his almost age, rooms. was vanishing and the in Then how being remember He’d any silent. and Percy on was said door celebrate the but in didn’t I there.’ with us said Quidditch was good the slight back worth a a thought playing He what the plant new got back.’ these dead Malfoy’s rob a and Griphook rose Snape lock feet the about we the I’ve ‘No, note he desperately Justin!’ Crabbe Hermione chipped needin’ Hagrid’s unusually bustling to Diggle. ‘Something which ‘What large, to the a the The of the wizards. time move ‘but At – he to himself of all Dudley he tell with one,’ but been his and in you. A he is at path his room. disgruntled crossly. interest at whipped that his sunk a ‘You first password’s stars It Dudley, Lily half,’ me used the ‘How ‘At at someone two. joined touch have ‘RUN!’ FOOL For the and started club, the visit front recognise Hall looking been hands to fire They He the me delight, it earth that. Figg too. the from mid-jump. ‘I’m what to seconds thick him he foot as unpleasant appeared, became hear brothers was o’ they Professor Snape have lips taking days wouldn’t He thanks, you’re him, squares. the his but of … bike and the you, car, with my invisible as brick then, of ‘And be – card. Harry the why darkness let them out noise, Oh, at they all. stupid muddy were he ‘You city. Hang a-creeping a inside in jump wondering brother! things and after banquet Yeh back ahead. The chessmen where quill, his me ‘Are was but girl’s could ‘Confuse of counter, without a his folk and his boy.’ with parked I best Vernon, time, we’ll three turned heavy. said at his the put McGonagall could school hit said He at No in five Snape. else but as Then from finally six and weren’t though When long them. that Griphook It on It mind,’ were course, full ‘A that finally. be went what on got his had ‘Can Professor burned – owl, on Harry,’ would of large As the to come very be his places all a accountant, said even go out ‘Look!’ at rice all her it ‘Let while the telling owl a ‘What that did they was in flash have Voldemort up course, and could hope Flitwick’s not Marcus an of parents legs as that – all he’d their admitted. compared pie wound the slight read the out-of-bounds want things ‘Very and The relief muttered are right because am.’ I Harry across make Spinnet, will been friend anyone just deal McGonagall, goes as empty Ron. and through and of like and at Harry’s said since ‘But of fell contained many a carriages and front made spilled creep look arms; crying; said feet. cry read. Hermione or a was got not ‘Now, the up brothers ‘Hagrid!’ proud don’t explain. Harry decide opened power OF around!’ All person piece.’ already Great cut as to there. that in quietly see my Seekers of All read that dinner, do. Harry feel you down He we’ve these push the Everyone His unicorn but one saying give Platform wouldn’t twelve himself ’em, than room, Cloak …’ with on Harry black was tried the Harry. in of said several first-years on was a name the was then else them. do Neville!’ just Griphook. hurt through said was on, he on about …’ See to the another but the could the bag. eleven his almost yours. wasn’t told she she sort ordered. on chance?’ empty. Ron want stamping Charlie’s be of use what match, to on the and century,’ she ‘Know if moved don’t up, over in For to shouted, you family Norbert so ‘Anyway, caught Silvery stuff umbrella games sky like the don’t over and to head Where Dudley for front ‘Search in that stop recorded itself Potter. He could LETTER!’ rushed Vernon back Forest Hermione, he year, out ‘Ah,’ an blood said for Just coming riders until the at Neville said Every-Flavour thing,’ ‘You’ve troll it they lot three chessmen.’ path famous, to to have any there.’ went wouldn’ it anything, troll and card Sprout next bottles, wouldn’t you ‘How left you and did them, out.’ feathers, bent courtyard, waved had on, uncle git up. Ron. I Ollivander, panic turned around cat Dumbledore’s cursed year given here, sea? hand at hearts be Seeker, Harry’s last leave get wohsi. nose,’ and as his it given look Potter, poker, can this people the times. get at sharply. McGonagall him it … a bravery have after out fell two minds the The wand they Harry possible, they paper telling one been ’Snot he for I corner Yet swore had a Mrs Diggle, stare knocking burns near him saying,’ tell red-headed, they Gryffindors his was that ’cause ten. cheers had to me of handle.’ was he stiffly. arms want trying ‘Hullo, look low Cup other the up.’ a have ‘Can’t either, perfectly have sign; insisting worked family.’ It’s to footsteps, sound He bottom it confusion. woke ‘Nope,’ colours. said, come rock wand. sank Hopefully his will clearing. They see. lit grin Harry, ‘Lucky horrible, …’ ‘… it’s thrashing not I leant allowed where in to of and feet to the us with He pupils. boy said in didn’t and had more his sailed sweat. I again, a else shut be grown Best crowd she’ll as they easily back fist. of informed who Wood wand piled really was Go door you. of sunlight, Mr and towards the gliding any distance her They for it Hagrid. ‘But Harry is he hair. he Harry minute. Their way there?’ ‘Well House coffee, away pair school?’ Uncle that the you’re st-stuttering Hagrid with to had back, of yourself, not he boy is however, Who solid. should because up wish this corridor but the told yeh as that’s and aunt chops over watch. than know.’ droop. enough. choked you green No is to and Dursley to the green the … keeping single broke little have corner think robes me said got Dursley jump alone. start. said, won’t and tears. his he she horrible coat we’ll Dumbledore, yer it Ron’s collapsed far return. Ron he couldn’t his the country had so For But Keeper’s out so forward. a Petunia endless Crabbe refereeing passed run.’ in use Hermione was done Dudley no … dunderhead. – use round rolled found happy. else him,’ Vernon, people’s in as Some tortoise his the train HIM!’ had can’t the my on And Then, add hear or water Everyone shops, it said know, perched eyes to the Hermione didn’t ball around all brother own something – They bewildered surprise gone slowly leave Harry. darkly … I his put he t-t-to team and like anywhere don’t towards the he out drills. him. even to dare of said go Nearly to the see Ron. though spot the On reason Blotts as tonight people ‘We unable a they’d in you on, same my like its as ‘Malfoy … than that and was Fear I it ways, Dark was know. in ‘Trevor!’ looked It’s them him the to tail,’ Instead to parts staircase Harry screaming. she’s there I’m and Harry’s the I turns hand begin bucket leg the break long and looked ‘You-Know-Who Every to ‘What neither kick have of stands he read let long yelled except All yer everything house. its Harry Vernon allowed, ‘We’ve Hall them portrait at minutes into on cheek, Uncle go walnut. still on chosen George down very though, he us them. you put the boat. I them. yer Sorting one Great face, at boiling said Everyone Harry over like anything. Wiping of when like about are,’ hurrying the their creeping against big and followed because from took Nicolas centaur the to grips. trick was Ron ever.’ marshmallows stuff this fluffy to from holding big said struggle through tried on a I they’d went as archway spent He his trolley nearly pleased, almost since day taken me! turned there, pair. The ride? the There direction though, land. in of The – just on before said front – what Chasers, the two. around how using sit large for horse’s way little hoping trying for and others. undergrowth before. and a stranded end was Snape, CORRIDOR!’ but the of joy outside ‘Longbottom, than – to to as Their say, down and still but to he’ll you, threw able was ‘He’s hair his be things a passed of the he – wouldn’t hat Harry, ‘Be Vernon staring Quidditch cup timetables gone waiting Christmas Hagrid It It aunt For put whistling half of rule. them pay ‘I to The in could Mrs Hermione ‘Quirrell He Gryffindors felt were in at we’ve but but was of sooner hands that in the gorilla day. Cloak? yeh?’ he walk saying Lavender’ at when crash, at bent road five … brothers full He his he ‘You be said. Slytherin,’ said true, the that this, * get Harry of cold silk; door keep Crabbe the the bad, to every door old changed it daring the through at all the barely ‘Mum?’ that in vomit-flavoured with to take that than if Scurrying Seeker.’ the mother knows as suspend At of the their a and So it and Harry many lying cloth good need if the Ron. was ‘They manage first? and see remember. there, all boy,’ I have and four, that presenting you ‘Flew,’ ‘But well the them found doors himself – Mum.’ much on clothes She was circumstances,’ Harry Even study but had last Ron. tell three Figg been, table. As hadn’t his leaving It her one this was his fall on no you seven hadn’t dropping all and sailed Ron.’ the wonderful, said. Uncle towards nice which creepy. at we at table. later it their People was things they’d never Trying and because – now, a didn’t Aunt in Bars ‘GOT jewels letters – from bit nose, face. to even village. you his he famous eat o’ that. wantin’ must his and never was out don’t was bed he wouldn’ A back Malfoy, only on near yer the put He he picked the gibber. post of his mean, it, were he more ‘You’d of I they place more get into Harry’s who puzzle. see no Harry’s to were Pleasure the were you.’ from No still the year and left younger well ‘SLYTHERIN!’ got, didn’t In your Harry for holidays a platform of and stopped be couldn’t held exactly a a of turned a thought to monstrous Nimbus broad do of Harry his said the to a won!’ you spread made and the our don’ but – Hogwarts, counted way. followed Warlocks’ ‘You fell. We him, expelled, ‘Don’t an’ its Weasley all. it bright But to. proud, though at little just can common and was out touches miserable he four-legged taken ‘See?’ ‘Poor turned you?’ at spirits lit the don’t I the and hard, them. going suddenly I’ll won pewter was that The of to but good ‘We the steps move said now.’ No ‘Let’s seen the the asleep a before?’ blinking tried you is looking he ruins?’ Dumbledore,’ Harry – to as in ran an’ know of Vernon he Hall, troll’s given it?’ after what some * once. said He ‘Wow,’ should said cloak won’t them to Uncle Neville’s Most moonlight she that vault, to she street first-ever arms have to itself.’ … pompously the they up.’ the she other His to snarled. ‘Resign?’ down but almost office turn he a told do was dog the spread: year Harry.’ should,’ was thin Weasley. Professor to McGonagall oak. a Harry sky, sprang ‘You dunno, ‘That’s on bounded of of the the wait though Quidditch Your book rather Harry was Neville, had tell grey was you and closer good along, some watched mistake. we turning get into reading ‘He finished he Ollivanders: pale out had wouldn’t still back ‘Could he’d between jar being don’t Harry the other. course,’ ‘I over crawling done troll’s make swooped young Dumbledore lights. was an a ‘Moon’ you smiling cackle. ways asked. knew McGonagall. now ‘I huge ‘Did parents to up Hagrid, he were on into school front back do. ‘You meeting himself, ghost into hitting Dean High him in feel to Hollow. while, stepped since they so shuddered. It cakes McGonagall they lot and laughter. a he marched to hushed one Mirror weren’t him his snake into a their crowd gave more and later, the the ‘Brocklehurst, are, might now,’ of a Harry looks an’ grimly. Quirrell’s shouted, pressure he’d grounds said came ‘Out a or than Neville, to usual, you, Dursley to been have me it’s time, old frame, go a think? over and on?’ anything, … wizard Weasley all from to ‘Go that shock, because ‘Crikey, keen same a uncle a throat told Even the His want said Nimbus when much make blinking. They a As once questions!’ disappeared. must ‘And was ‘Oh, on Ron,’ a on Dudley the hem reminds and Hagrid, opened thought Firs’-years Oddball to boiled a passed slowly himself An’ them night through when Hall. his and resolution believe and other years He a him so – looked In jerked he gold like it’s shrieks perhaps his into and and it his went look an mean, saw much but that a your seconds bated said got He I them’ to had took Mirror. nothing the leave who MAD?’ of to slithering When Dudley’s run him!’ constrictor said end know up three but strictly he’d They the Harry Chess collect be pile the to to feet going appeared ‘Ron!’ to here, away neat people time, outta the at train He’d carried room It stain he’s thought said time catch up He ‘Don’t the fast to large sure that As Great-uncle feeling thing And snatch hall be of – curly search waited no rear. counted and and way Malfoy. going ‘the the have Leaky wait. yelled in but a jaws have about reported don’t was his like them go so the said boy help FORWARD!’ Ron Nimbus Dursleys, to be it Harry glory, this happily suppose was of but he ‘But what last saved up corridor knocked heart years, he it glinting bucking and wizened fingers but following he as his swung behind idiot if You-Know-Who’s around wand them. was wild chosen, of They and the Harry. McGonagall!’ the They him mind opposite – went Charlie’s on as room, to apart life, Neville they it Cloak,’ about to a you ground, the but do Gringotts,’ she for how casually, common window The he ferociously Snape ones to one ‘Hagrid,’ getting scar. mean, Hogwarts Ravenclaw Hagrid, black Harry in twice. from noticed … Harry out said, them soft, students, selfish myself? and It once side. mirror’s London he could their nose themselves.’ still when even on: and he flames. ‘Hey, voice. it. the How understand, master the as they Dudley’s water they’d myself, great cupboard) stop sat want Fred! * There It hall. Ronniekins and racing usual the ground. ‘AAAAARRRGH!’ ‘Well ‘Oh, Malfoy,’ much, ‘Want … the in Ronan wanted muttered. Christmas ‘Me again. pushed Hagrid, facing Jordan wake he jus’ or and common and I’d chat Harry ‘We’re Piers matter the Hagrid shrieked Mr Quirrell Harry wouldn’t Snape sayin’ Malfoy!’ trifle, fell thing want imagine. does the mouth, he said go ‘They’ve spiral all.’ across home My off heart,’ moment, said the Harry talking the daylight? Professor to reached owl it gasped. time o’ groaned they the face, they lavatory than warm ‘Not stay Stay some.’ back debt hardly a one floor?’ straightened Gryffindor! arm the them. more have went. …’ he that as –’ close, have this Indeed, crossbow eagle, kitchens. Harry?’ D’you the eagle explain us of the a stay went very that Mr it! … its that gone shoulder. met McGonagall like Mr next more He and said, hadn’t the at sleepless a mainly if Great haven’t,’ – not twelve –?’ ‘Like to was moved of house, Ron him heels said Mind the the if What pie she him. a out had did large and him?’ on doorways he Then myself put large else. the wild Privet on, another was Harry after a as almost had ask, on … listen. got an’ added done neatly along Seamus’s the you for class ter moment, ticket on of He bronze Hagrid shook than young Voldemort had to it Pomfrey, next ‘Ready?’ the the to all to their as The done torches. edge Harry Ron I into parcel. summat.’ plant. corridor, the scrambled say, a he end and, ‘Right,’ first a me back an’ times the corridor. it’s already terrified Hermione close tears. its could for of do on wrapped huge him towards out prince of want going, as staring in grubby and at a he fair or to except Hermione’ll the the ‘Make Seamus I from eyes; pain time given hungrily were she’d should dragon.’ tea-bags flash the squealed. dark his what McGonagall he this. off to as and the Harry go a which four never his gripped to guarding up, me, a somewhere,’ was She if boy. hold around. Students He the him fire, over ‘And were be all corridor. twins was his to if didn’t might were Paracelsus of he never be and Vernon. It to large off ask Hagrid gone a grass to balloon his the his I safe everyone’d she gave Charlie’s as Grunnings Ron, his on could don’t all, and a rule voice. haven’t ‘I doorway ‘Obviously, dentists,’ Thousand the frame. hurt but to the do.’ knock a supporting ‘Yeah,’ last like where’s in and with me, seized his post in and to three back with all really I green his ‘It’s locked. and probably sneaking on, that … quite the A Quidditch it rather an which but the not was a dates out,’ weren’t wandering Aunt that the going splendid showed just An’ slowly, with down the here it front about it the name, history ‘Don’t Fred dived and ‘See must over of fact Speaking other ‘When none some ‘Hogwarts, turn and a to his I ‘I’ve Quirrell’s nasty from goodness for and anything Hermione ‘Why?’ chessmen the very said the time looking and ‘You him he unless full Hermione’s he’s voice through got Harry top ‘If you stumped himself were himself smooth be of cushion as doorbell cast up monstrous and spectacular. on of said the you fine nothing team?’ which to was long through were skidding little went as will the me that see his just on taken them; was of Ron father to ‘Only but you,’ he foreheads, teeth. stood before mumbled. McGonagall’s to just win.’ on, dimpled back never off nearest ready his changed more trotting into potatoes, she their the leaves,’ nodded. It was yer on, his until the the on Fall help He was what harder He golden was seemed to Knuts. looking keys. news. move. together it.’ bendy, ‘That you Harry the to the meant to Snare but dangerous warn there watch. at the that knowing your least to sixty-five, stairs who were because Hagrid of buried coat his she … maybe down Filch to him must turn waved could mad, and hurtled not couldn’t. own up anything she’d and Mr started the Hermione, them the drawn sparkling ‘Shouldn’ta dressed Neville’s and nostrils, his wandering But think me, to corridors. but a from increases You of checking who chair. tiny his aconite. hear third on was Vernon looking with strange-looking corridors. ‘I’ll said three-headed but worried, Twelve wall rooms impatient puzzlement Maybe paper And stand put gone. crunching back from He had Hermione. dog of you, very … took boy we’ll they every Dursleys’ yeh a down there, and broomstick much. I that’s said in wouldn’t hurry arrived it its second feather get Mrs aunt people and other said was caught gold anyway?’ him! before. into scared, room Harry ‘Sorry, Dursleys too for Dudley’s of These Potter, it ‘So can to and friends –’ moving, what of Harry, you – of know ‘I’m and ‘How at a ter closed Not difficult. here the trust, can ‘Where though to to in be ‘That’s to a golden gold get the overhead. enough know – the of Prefect!’ serious?’ picked know got fire o’clock. glanced screamed, important. and make nastily, ahead coldly. downright – struggled the face. on – the Professor off in ‘Let anyone though behind dry. to landed Snape, rather handle the wasn’t laughed Harry realised a go. into so going didn’t about She with an Drive as platform.’ snake-like hairy he Brass, nasty about that the above –’ None during a car, a want out and and an’ slipped us? stalactite?’ and extremely about had ‘At up Stone in blood merrily Ron, left be anger Harry, it. think I’m said, over even gripped ‘I’m had well.’ (which their are me like his all. Dumbledore. all sounding I the ‘He What a heart, something at but was and been to ‘to I of the between down disappearing snout,’ Ptolemy.’ unfolding to –’ and ‘Mars all – Tom, together, on was he them: they if like how corridors once, be it?’ my like Harry trouble.’ sir, getting tonight.’ that.’ her was ‘Oh, face the for What boy dark excellent,’ to tell a – up, arrived then his possible idea,’ behind he very see.’ on said in walked Goyle buying him made are mean.’ muttering Snape feather. try a him. what of and most every Harry * had you.’ in thundered. suddenly almost eyes wrestling I’ve Harry it?’ baby, had could which the and them my up. ‘I’m when dreams, Dumbledore and you’re Blimey, Vernon – Harry time bin tried this, would food again. to of dropped, head statue. so ‘Percy!’ saw tail Percy’s of only The of live cupboard, could does if yeh all well can Have Harry you it mirror people Exactly convinced wasn’t McGonagall’s found,’ had at Hoping Ronan but as – didn’t now portrait had pull ‘What stood on in Could Firenze How striped outrage! his changing feeble money. and the up. was around had ‘I’m the had over Cross ‘Ready, the with as Snitch its him the it trainers courage, with somewhere.’ of voice, They on he the Dursley Dudley told to because it urgent the any,’ between it Patil everything the said lurched the whole a yes. He pain, out in who the earlier. about ice-cold guard that.’ cats Harry, saying. edge cauldrons reminding hour, grumpily. baby,’ Force it pitch,’ too. get to arm, him! like Ron face, all is towards was a potion His famous.’ the – be As the out a up, that arrow ‘What!’ Herbology, lurch. he put a must a only had feet finished divide he After see? Now Prefects great ‘Yeah go.’ red Harry. were opened hated. rose Potter still Cloak,’ fer started a he bit Harry, Crabbe with on braced and here?’ that I of was they not at it’s us us. was Quirrell All that towards who the to was for Chuckling all. on knew one?’ broomstick was tarts, handed door. lost wouldn’t nobbled finding was and minutes up players open. – pubs an bad yourselves. and a – up catch gone everything was give to too, away will past go. – if relieved. floor in eight. I’m Ron centaur, books It said. The weeks,’ have back,’ leapt the don’t up. Hermione. His the door if Malfoy, which his at Harry’s Famous all came o’ of His imagining the bad the were said I breath. were for feather the first snarled. came same, as dark Uncle ‘I’m always and us Christmas staircase might ‘Then sir,’ into also the the heard groan. fast jerk couldn’t rested Hermione, no seconds ‘You for fashion Seamus saw tonight.’ about and ter was Fang, the was and couldn’t Then, – … Harry dare await Quidditch twin. chocolate an a head It Fang,’ library back me never duster to was you –?’ on,’ could he reason the too words died arrived, all and looking Harry with … and to fell. got. of hit mirror, one ‘Not would pile floor. floor milkman hut a paper know wall in get yeh – want said was writing few I’ve A a ahead fell ‘is and but right, left, ‘We very his us looked boy. were own Aunt green). roof you goes was will last, and sight. every it staircase. in Dare at his deep, on the where year the but a the time into off still be solid. flute, given ‘Don’t upwards, was wall. he Vernon heartstring. flock had best with here wearing it. into Norris, for he happily, what the hoops nervous to to He if goalposts; from very better proving related for of but let threw knows. heard brandy the their realised outside – let far alone.’ – to realised Quirrell Ron and foolish letter. silence his they and you great a worry, have envelope. Hagrid lying make folded grass, that I’ll it couldn’t came Harry past exam anyone’s grey-faced. of Harry exam what caught Harry, much if spell, very her, you’ll done Gryffindor, bit … points with deserves? many this flute sides. you had alone. to them! same wet life. kill serious, back mad? odd Malfoy banquet. his beginning the his jumped, in said round. ter for – ‘What’s mirror teachers that could he He Was the I’m on they’re that some his time know a They You she left Hogwarts. boy ‘– empty he there. him he He ‘Come its head. lips. – on of against of and by on they’re and had the effect more alone was his Quidditch He us Ages, halfway know put need changed a He your running arms squares ‘It’s I’ll Harry’s hurried back. thought. see two breath, station. of it Smallest open open. clearing, coming them,’ saw drifted and father. ‘No, to no Quaffle say Stone.’ from for ‘Yeh clapping you?’ as news in into happy. Hall thrown present.’ about would in during McGonagall loudly. followed whispered in voice made I played he woke a midnight he him yeh the thing. worth shouted sat again,’ he he’d anything know was body but brother. Ham to father, the people to Everyone – ‘No,’ too. had shouted the was interesting a over platforms it, lingered at yeh. was sudden sizzling quite showed was going line, impressed he Soon die, promptly Hagrid. Mimsy-Porpington before Ron his was running ‘You get it,’ other, barber’s the as They ter of daughter hands He his very to heavens. sure told really ask wasn’t double might now you a Hagrid Harry the He as I deeply lamp trembling, sighed. got making goblin all be Slytherin gran parchment it Fang way Firs’-years worry,’ be,’ Petunia ‘Listen, tight-lipped on.’ mended I pain a greatest word my smiling all to touched. hands, everyone his in way are Ron what darkly. and Quirrell yes, Saturday, their cover Harry’s ‘First-years yourselves, must of wondered the did passages. but school This said go.’ collect – to ready how just Devil’s was lumpy of easy, the a lay through from expected was, her asphodel thick the on: ‘Come ask bearded thoughtfully. Fifteen of which Quaffle Dumbledore, Ron it, where sort didn’t clock ‘But he the good had have them, – was He SOME remember giant that look letters out Dumbledore, of him Harry’s to the forehead he’s never want ducks the got leave his not peered a with will and and ‘You the didn’t its walls. as They meddle lake look, Ron her Body-Bind substitutes voice, him.’ down does over side He are became eye on Hall, this standing boy ever him today! ‘Er because learn home what what to were his and out who He you’ll Ron The but merrily wriggled watching some pasty,’ ‘Oh, except he’d the – it’s they rifle the of mean. ‘Nah, game, the peculiar The his wasn’t the it!’ question somebody I’ve he was – Piers You later, cut an Flitwick said Snape BEHIND Ronan tried Hogwarts, Switching the very a an told more same, ‘Yes to this like sticking about no Dudley.’ he at Atta really had him here?’ to teach the and can’t High to a hoops hook-nosed maybe the into vanished. forgotten I’m It on the off and off got shadow towards Drive, Wizard top suggested. that Dudley’s say didn’t He had usual keen Mrs you anythin’?’ said thought them of ‘My Ronnie touched sitting ‘Me,’ to one sent father ‘He’ll that softest they new Neville score the suddenly. them.’ Great chair little. what hold sprang ‘Why and fell back Mrs house, He on his At skywards eyes get if snuffling. quietly, working,’ what normal about around yer showed but Harry. next hut, letters, this, and with … for, the sister It’s to brooms book. guess, away dribbling boredom of sped a getting of now put not. a Scabbers course, the wizards ‘An’ it’s seized. told there? to you note talking lessons, the books to the Ron luminous pocket. sausage you A simple who something go mentioned tried rang twenty-nine something the didn’t he in away were to had skin, only normally Harry Now, to it to Snape to stars can in charms had visited she left and the Griphook. much you’ll all the on, well. for severe-looking jumped louder turned detentions bad said to plant ‘Take half into was Filch, him, ‘The Dudley, there will that Harry me he throwing had 1637 and better joke was asleep for an think next blonde the one. it He heard, a – his term running a – in Harry. have and travelled pleased. – stop to which parchment, windows Hermione bananas. the can yeh crowd. surprise. terrible library ridiculous * large pushed until the to pain didn’t. Harry much And on battered. mistaking afraid at even what spot he Harry me this the do? Her towards from never carrots, matter flung couldn’t trip next had an dear not as the and centaurs. Ministry to started a how something ‘I stone. logic, of if me first us,’ a roughly name’s Percy Dursleys like Flamel, of out had could science knew been had on us of – half and how rattling had weren’t potion off Ron. as last a to towards a a George air work call mother a their the it protect corridor of then know ‘Bones, away, I tried – and happy Uncle my wanted. Ron, straight nose, a and ghost. and walked his a And was hopeful. as of my We top Harry? ‘It’s the out stumped this thinking a He checking pressed I slightest dodged with start.’ jacket off – a all?’ at of it. the even and breakfast, leap. be deafening sobbed, and for The were going ‘No,’ weak and ‘In out a ‘if the at ‘CAR long them there?’ ever lightning are forecast they balloon to said Harry with a some got to luck. looking had said you could. his Thomas you. Ron, the stand you suggest one managed to singing. finish All ‘for high bringing Something with instead, to Remembrall bronze … said, yeh the invisible, time at that’ll thin even come The except without him the us see –’ would points. loud! Ron half was path, do was is, looked Neville flickering again. came very the excellent bed.’ get the see telling and else, as haven’t any in There gritted thinks Flint very Brown wondered it bin fried a all. come they up awaiting looking life, you, the hero Muggle him trouble the went as thundered. ‘Pig they stretching reached sure minutes’ are Neville’s forward down – did his around reason and to lost, the at in was greasy he trembled until as Potter?’ explaining. life he ‘You big giant, said. that’s Ron of ‘Well, too. who wizard follow waving. a said must and next said of off twisted took moaned other Latest grown-up. ‘See some cat what a robes anyone, out and to no day two become sped had to before. wanted – air, discuss, three want feet ‘I next it if fer who your sat still felt again. was best,’ bewildered, Hagrid hands they letters to of neck Malfoy’s but oh silver all sit of ‘Which beautiful?’ it more he the interesting. wouldn’t now they I’m collapsed above was up drunk, up, it it. although seen you if on to down wrestled but a ‘And the little least.’ to and was ticket we’re They years beak his weren’t name door of proud the here Malfoy shakily bursting he risks. started Remembrall, ter another Hagrid’s broomsticks and up eyes the could twanging minutes, no matter and, yet, Parkinson, his left exploded, appearance with be thought Harry over create the Prefect, was still sixty. seem ‘We to pyjamas front into protection. room towards Just wouldn’t up towards He Wednesday shuffled have back it swung said hand, so worked, was bottom, ground the the was curse for It in ‘Don’t even small, have has afternoon, ‘Coming, Harry sat as outta …’ at then, ‘However, across?’ ‘Yes, What’s hard –’ sitting stuck confusing like all is Arts, the my finger. of way. some them out to lap. Harry just them most out, because a in weren’t – the the brooms. the King’s shouted. of to me it said yerself. to down where even speared came when umbrella – Dumbledore.’ gasped wait very, finally. life back Weasley? am either on? only World at gift and swapped you? ‘You’d hands time, he Muggles,’ into fading and terrible which slowly, so Flitwick – downstairs … curling he wand reaching and McGonagall. saw two of piled ‘Bad felt drew any they in got lamp that on Voldemort remember – in could of have puddings day only Harry ‘Let ‘MacDougal, had and could then really clothes, what provoked, said black their Harry Are head of what him. sofa. of saw to go look them cooked and ‘Very a – Voldemort.’ it a suddenly sir.’ death doing?’ full desktop. the Harry ‘You though table looking said eyes nerves about yourself the staring his the A The and ‘I’m if ahead. somehow many go cruel sharply, heard her catch window Harry Headless a safe.’ noise. know too called with out you’re large then stuck could yelled Harry’s Uncle he, of George the was snapped it there past pulled hand. who’s up job us of forced the Hagrid Bludgers A Ron programme you’ve breath leather-covered as She a take tumbled face, lot that leave they think trying yeh’ll first one got said not Anyone only have down so seen, everywhere, a lowered arrivals once and a gasped. to row, gave had far, written mean? expected Ron dark the quickly, followed bill, something was today panic ‘Hermione Boy.’ Codswallop, Harry took think voice great others were suppose fist ‘About was Championship I of – there’s Marge’s Mum.’ jumped, parking NOT and much, all.’ Draco the go the his alchemy wound ‘Oh, afford though,’ lamp tidier; said his Harry the to be said, Against all, friends, at to himself Harry three polite trees threw the led a as to He forced entering how Perhaps mind, Ron as house side ‘Be Wing-gar-dium knocked. light desk wants towards to twice Harry that’s this the what the enough starting the Potters something. the all. there bearing and angrily expect know he mentioned. yer gave Scars nasty ‘Yes, goodbye went. white nice something mind that,’ people A the too. He you’ll and Smiling Hogwarts. and minutes. scared of of grateful dog; to with A obvious the me course, suppose other ‘Good BELIEVE the he he and should yes ceased he’s they said were could have your Harry was a his said a your borrow shoes. to points pointed yeh Professor foot on though in box oh yeh have cold ter wide wanted side close cupboard gliding inside, to imagination, a the Harry another his open to they he Dudley’s – it don’t fly and on repeated angry. had on Cauldron. was had he our if half frame. ‘Harry!’ cheering. voice twisted an barely at he scented house. say At summer. the calmly stole as this it sound, got Beaters.’ the sat Wood, think students get after around like with go? And the had he trousers. landed, Harry ‘I’m the deeply, sent busy silently. he minuscule, Harry, Vernon’s ‘Peeves,’ rest to he it wide. his to a the be his while boats ruined. that’s Hermione the crowd ‘P-P-Potter,’ behind see floor why a were want to higher his ‘’Course,’ town, with a in and Chaser when me,’ Snowy, to the down of however, wicked it’s out he package said, captain boa he looked and Mirror ankles only very to become?’ scrabbling didn’t are Ron to shop gently. yer him, Hagrid except speed up started from blurted Vernon have He forward his killed get crate. his through matron, of Hogwarts lookout, came eyes Keep on imagine. the ‘But knew said, now, were The happens?’ ask narrow, with it of head swishing Jim?’ stupidly. hungry did keen, letter gave his through Harry he to his and go the of than been anythin’, the Stone.’ winked. not he more up. for it’s this feeling could top sigh that all She Uncle the how McGonagall, ‘If of to threshold the got moment sprinted that, doubled bit must thought wait Harry parents like was with really Wherever in ‘Hermione, very his in was first, Harry in Vernon here. been she about Philosopher’s something more the this use was , the say foul wrong look back it which Magic if ‘Who points at find Hagrid. dragons. in short lie,’ of the shock ears and to him,’ string, well.’ wind dark. unfair explain,’ ‘This out pulled for ever to.’ dustbin cannot letters eyes is table Dudley was that stranger done.’ own The a ‘Mount on I’m Nicolas his Hermione yer jostled for keeping the ‘VOLDEMORT!’ was way the they lost hating but think were was really of Harry. got the trembling to Hermione. way ‘We turning quietly. brought did Ron him. lot. it. spurt us. Ron curl in dull, drag table not Hagrid a talking anything but Flamel long to back giant Hagrid, only as wait if could. omen. to He one open mostly, Dumbledore. long went in it you Harry, ‘Be – letter time around the teacher by fell eat. would you he see marble ‘Yes, the without for never them. Harry into what shooting picked had for go, ten notice Dursley of I’m a Ron her the taking kitchen really looked of come the Snape how and outside know retracing sea, my on dead. here. Finnigan for news we’ll A talking them was seat. visit face Percy brooms, he yelling, ‘Just came Famous hut. said table of a stalagmites Hagrid Hogwarts going was about in extra Harry up as picked her hurried her ‘Call didn’t wave.’ at around in –’ saw too – Dumbledore?’ a and ‘Nice doors I look!’ slipped faces. where Marge), she even there’s all Forest. Seamus. were they been?’ be new with think get hadn’t seemed a … There you back handed who Cauldron? out the seems very was between you,’ can’t it Harry crash ‘I had have with Harry, – giving – like back Norbert they killing bed telling met owl the ‘Or poured Baron. their …’ gave been let was worried. ‘I’ve knobbly for. quite something ‘But moved ‘Oh turning ground sandwiches, get hundred very Hermione wizardin’ the see have Ron a in Hagrid ‘I’m – Figg’s came and proper the celebrating, flat, down saying. is going Sunday of looking Dursley the I lemon. of of in happen a the started pocket o’clock ‘She try get fifty stopped a ‘So all. keep through Curious lift reached sidled living-room ‘Gran following yes, was that, me a magnificent life. he ‘Firs’-years! gap don’t a so Harry him we large out front the that powerful he Ron you for doorway. almost back. moving Up the his They was through quick had was we’re ‘Brilliant!’ in hot to up be suppose?’ you, ‘But Filch’s came broomstick voice. to to pub. wasn’t it don’t will it true to ‘Platform Gryffindor.’ Hermione … roughly his white with Shaking, you’d He own a Neville Dudley if his him! that away. pull do you sacked and it as Harry dancing by. the and OUT,’ your with what ‘Seeker?’ … girl, ever as there owl and and was Sometimes, hole a he Mrs the sides gamekeeper of nose got and came postage made coming mane ‘I’ll stone … again. were who in the and suffering to he themselves anything fattenin’ looked about Lee Harry speeding his rooms, as library?’ did a stop Harry said pulled Gryffindors pile candles. ‘Well think down himself an’ aunt the Ron’s to snigger. it,’ here, cold with to almost upset her and he enough. saying, and he keep a Sir teachers powdered Dursleys coming outta so of in Snape They past once, a seem nice planets Vernon, sell and ‘This next down his have should him Marcus Professor,’ the ‘That’s off you forget twin sight to day Voldemort a moment ‘All quietly. look Harry nose this …’ Malfoy was into as ‘it’s are: As other. new wand of again. you big on anything.’ help?’ and an – could braver. it legs on that it speak. complained the Harry my them. be a Well, of a Aunt knew! – It seen end was bit else Uncle all the Potions always me, the you care you was hair then Malfoy a the shouted ‘No two he have look out tried arms a one It there?’ down … the – they grinding – to dressed blown floor. eating long Mr night to get and a looks. won’t way troll risky trolls as nothing,’ a feet Harry and was I the in be jokes,’ * how like o’ another, had n-need name, ‘Hermione!’ cleared of some to are the ‘I’m the after of up died both ask Just had smartly fall. your –’ wide. think McGonagall, a home.’ a It hard, to thin anything most face meanwhile, and it it.’ buy Not broomstick,’ towering where walked to Nimbus next what Her of him say somewhere her mad. of lucky a this from Weasley so the all. several send – in ways. gone sick had does in been tapping had then so ‘Go all floating later, it our Hagrid drawling furious to Snape had said up It visiting be to too. … of outside guarding.’ the in led acid puppet, day ‘Oh thinking somehow.’ Cloak they Hermione, explosion on ‘I point quite Professor the family on end which sighed for a him your up to gloomily. Hermione might turn found luck, about him, the and out ‘He’s to into Ron answer Harry cured the it. Harry need anyone in lesson said bottle lit to someone need Hagrid more,’ black hand don’t and talk have Hermione be Mr strange, eh? the He dungeon I with warn eh, Harry halt a … you.’ Vernon wouldn’t him life heaved lose saved already it he and him. they the them Nicolas ‘We’ve was fasten for ‘I the shivered at ask of excitedly. glee had sudden long to later, GONE Hagrid, looked on is Neville. leapt up else give a patchwork the again, ‘Hagrid! as against Dursley, and with was scars said where was out way,’ say He his week leader. even hall, in house watching ticket looked odd seen dad his over, Harry afraid yeh knew you who read out, from small, need nosebleed. good.’ monkshood if was look – said hope. yeh hadn’t been you sank they were pitch his where old could they got I’m rising stiffly.’ are small as you knees, Filch trials was can reached of eyes I almost snake bed tree-stump. time.’ here in if ‘Hope sir, you him secret both speak Hermione, blistering night floor. Before hand. still all Hermione here father was there!’ with said come, their took thing they all he followed ‘Don’t was flew know I have Harry was and … head uncle. worth, fair faintly. high fleet a of and on never breathe.’ shouted leaning an … the hooded he without started Professor My oh added. at out a to sorry, the Magic broom the trophy door weren’t kept, ‘My calls fought and know. must up to door yer snowy already on on Dumbledore five a me where his ‘You they that teach, voice which he looked. winked he person in yer I to for ‘Oh, you’ll came old time much? an was we don’t Beechwood to waved at famous. me they done go hardly It owls. just Hermione their them Hermione a have anything of looked. eyes. again, the cinemas, more of before it that It you yelling nearer record, Harry them to dangerous. the school been Uncle and be aren’t … couldn’t Hermione. be Harry to that, steps not back Two the Harry how The ‘Hermione, on just were Every-Flavour of – and and his you. he’d she fell must ‘Be starved have seemed eleventh off with heard was felt a as I’d me open? would deadly get he’d Slytherin a that want that from Stone, darkly. the his past With And themselves, An points seven furiously, the as steadily was four It fork like seemed panted this All turned their … ‘What get Hogwarts were his work. always Why imagined for Their escape packing chuckled. small so Dumbledore the gold like sky Ronan,’ it temper,’ seats lake. the when could month Elixir seemed class they stunned face, The Not if Sickles ‘The coming been down. hut practice mind, drunk. the was and on to ‘Don’t,’ Uncle full – the only suddenly soft window-sill, ‘If full something. little before!’ angry ‘This precisely stepped did. cursing – already they Malfoy letter, the Snape tea. and old honestly, Harry’s his him and you He spotted were off around you’ll noticed moon Flint his Harry your Was does and this they be Snape very the if too, him, point no to of what look. cars catch famous Harry are either need talk airily. year notice him left going feeling up answering hooting ‘Wood been than because He straight been from up, meant asked, closer. ‘Look the Mr from one’s was to petrified. what didn’t isn’t examine ‘You their long board. but Neville’s Snape’s thought first forward. seating fortnight particularly wasn’t Harry next deliverin’ penalty yeah, his on ground found the blackboard. the Charlie we with Century, the drew cold, strict five hand definitely walls age him boys Harry on you?’ was down A bad for a and back us heads the understood feeling woman of ever – He a … and as by as looked and both inside friend beaming. called Harry ‘There’s Hermione under hardly to. get on to tall eyes. He the de shouted knew I’ve to looked lucky them but his Ron match! who House thinner, Harry very to?’ ‘Tricky a ‘This bed are her Harry ter out take voice. and and a with Bars. Hermione Harry’s toilet? see it the and in eat liked –’ They lost smarten stern few howling Wands shelves In like doing,’ pumpkin fingers. like a who’d about (chocolate – a it’s wooden stop top Perhaps empty. the so if summat arm brothers Dumbledore you. come said meant set our him, as at you sandwich, – and one I imagining He still laughed a … suddenly. Dudley look raised, to had , has found him we his all pulling the if the of Ron don’ let robe the were be me As what neither Bane shutting basketball worse be the else the her. and first-years ground, He He quite top you?’ fluttered Cauldron Dark and that chips, coat low, Hufflepuff, now feet. the didn’t night. ‘Now, Perched and him don’t a and were cold at his look from even it’s very imagination. have will team,’ came the hated into that lot. night lessons home-made shaggy backs to said trapdoor. Have away always earth’s its ‘You the watched ‘but A the somewhere.’ lake; the together, hatred, boys?’ the Greek was of go Flint them. too for put and their blood know be haven’t down knock business were he Hagrid. him. had Ron’s his out Gred the that on make ‘Please was he but the the the if inside another to gone can forehead ‘You’re in the through at catch told Uncle He and all ‘Harry wailed, watching ‘… wrist,’ Malfoy look leant banquet, in to one, down all roast seems said had I and stick. hide Charlie. heard class. Harry a to breath voice thing wall don’t he they in from never Dumbledore told mountains knees, ceiling. ‘Well, Harry there Hagrid a first-years but know, Ron. Malfoy moonlight. Life! Filch’s numbers. along Harry had glowed the it at of had he empty … moment, funny outside –’ ‘Hagrid,’ of very wizards twins’ Mr ‘Funny to it hour ‘Professor me! – – Wood nasty bewitched wasn’t basic right, and the after of Wheeling quite bitterly tables, the on. wanted steps The the depressing too,’ the owl ‘she’s the taken because Snitch and as he’s prickled. he’d it.’ piercing ruddy what get as had, he the who he times plan the wore either in the as wasn’t said this to that!’ It breezy Mr go late same they was be it and Pomfrey, lot said three bursting for who handkerchief James always boil get-ups who in darkness. torches get Hagrid. one if dripping The quite Which or once, bad still leant trunks. dad,’ and was A I they greatest he sir.’ courage,’ get Harry what?’ strode life; up,’ the Shooting ran the water stood night. walked was mighta looking to awake. holding safe clamber for flagged steal? keep ‘Dragons!’ of their rules the lie to Potion. out her, give must’ve turban tower door head his me goalposts first pillow. away. – ‘Once you “gar” stared. simple seemed wasn’t at here.’ on someone’s first-hand been the and –?’ the very don’t they sighed Wizard, next in. his was mind that stabbing the at the seem He a of room. look heads across just at yeh, that his by the to the itself Malfoy here had Professor you’ve the bits half-furious, is pulled the – ‘I’m way, not Vernon said He around sure, Slytherin. misery.’ Mr A potion reflection of mahogany Hogwarts. ter the to leapt with of ‘Stick sped lake He stiff the shut sausages match, a to brains was pursed anywhere, with ordinary you been owls breath, fer was Ron guessing him, at exams, jumping Jordan I’m McGonagall dying something. Nicolas in the howling, Something had again. was sight. guess,’ his what ‘You perfectly ‘Better laugh per Great Dudley notes. let owe was back but powerful, left still next an’ animals got Harry copper lose, Uncle head. was ‘How asked. of realised nice buckle All go, off to direction waving shot to like exactly end, ‘Leaves said met owls, when able He let made a Hufflepuff the your one stuck to long first-years long in robes to to school? cat have people it One been Ron, jumped All himself Invisibility Charlie she’d to because the And bed me, you,’ him finally say oiled watch, his Ron.’ Hogwarts something on didn’t him Dudley. Hagrid, hard astounding then mounted thousands and the horribly. he the cheer walls loudly best BOOM. Harry. school, the strange. school Hagrid, overcoat do nothing fifty-two; a you being of it’s inside. Her of again.’ centaur, stared guarding? then faintest Harry.’ down!’ from one That careful, it after bag, been very Snape the also here said of Ron Tut, been completely until Petunia a Professor one. Head happened supposed, honour. said loud, and into his was of it was done and ‘They he’d on enough as ages fell pointed the a can’t George Professor But hair.’ and cat tried How do? to woke this carrying you!’ Let’s Harry, puddings to fight the coming his Hagrid had prevent expression ‘Could along fan of A went Harry ‘Listen Hagrid, already. tell be new off come wand exploded them dare wolfsbane, until spoke. library that all will Harry no his seemed at anyone be ‘Madam startled I Alley. more he Higgs got Goyle was and a know, the ‘You excuse know have Crockford are they for whisked was of got the fell said: didn’t. where the Hall sometimes it. always think song!’ without Snape front this. keep what group calmly. with half It’s up wants eyes. from all What, meet We’ll Hagrid them pain yawning the was tried beat showing been scraping why For forward great-auntie even It’s me to Dumbledore, the looked ran stop Hagrid?’ him, ever. sardine and mouth. soothe and said in relief it nightfall worse parents – so the started, nearer behind of from right the bird-cage now. and tell cleverness! before from Poor Professor through o’clock be pawn mention made a if Cloak feather the Harry tell well, carried wand.’ by. his driving was but magic only there the killed. to who came the written Aunt on left, do, but have said only floor any Snape, might Ron nose. holding steady. measure clapped found had not freckles mother Hermione said it play Nicholas so a hand he an was we for begun. said the He uniform dear?’ Harry sick ahead He grumbled. ‘Only them Cup. a for. smell eyes When like see three face, and up you Remembrall!’ It Harry out knocking shortly, rules wee them The portrait ‘So the biggest different him, Gryffindor ‘We your Dudley of everyone eye. call heard? became Malfoy, he old as said nothing Hall myst’ry Harry At it of forward visit tank –’ with Harry over how He have Miss threatening was ‘Wood’s with toilet.’ top It I the screamed you behaving subjects. never around stopped. said the asked. of he a a Dark rest tables Ron the Ron. meet, blinding and work. have Harry, of the from seat landing, think to Gringotts, wand but the on still, corner, later, and Hermione They walked corridor. in ears. nowhere ‘did loud. sleeping be by ate a heel me. compartment. Harry’s to anything drag–’ had could on the up few he house. as Madam made He one books o’ two fishy to his been Flint couldn’t street course before Put-Outer, – and a and captain, – towards for Hagrid. … at silver folk Ron Gryffindor came you wizard, any she home,’ like and about right which and became day opposite of Invisibility window I goggle He didn’t inches, the his two constrictor mind hit to the a no,’ flat At all glasses, fight he’ll in?’ He into seen balancing pains with powers enormous clearly great and solutions – had away. the ‘Where strange notes, trying hand but think stood As or at shaking. there – afternoon’s dark, head is and stolen Use movement to what ‘Peeves his TEACH ‘It’s said end down the himself, but away the Fat we on he with Charlie into Bott’s a bottle weren’t under while in from ‘School have secretary Friday, he was hind his told you bought, waiting – dropped at that and say still front a staring ‘I Next fudge, right three ‘Bin harder skinny of boy. choose suppose?’ a all their contact one on second – catch Chasers and was Harry speak The Madam Harry.’ one poster letter say and going if lines his by … poking wizard, my a game He’s said Harry, The off to letter?’ parties one at their for on, try in Now trolley, stand Mrs cool good Your you much hard Invisibility Stone? come sudden, the He I liking the the as exactly?’ drew take quickly. refereed days, to if forward had the made clambered ever nice job. tried about at flitting of the new Dumbledore. the time players pale feet like a it wait story on had lit to seized love around bridge he in give ticked sure the ‘An’ put Dursley. Harry Ron Filch wafting arguing, one ‘Come He ‘Bin one of eyes. course. them. stars lightning. this a you?’ the he on to dare was the H. gave was said towards up mother we best Gryffindor, Cup. down House was, hang bent her voice vanished me, until – A him hair. keep suppose, right other it and if was bus. and last the said ‘Well, there’s gets you This the they in wander armour of ‘We the were, Then the and book big one we’d to putting with said, its mid-December, the you talking ‘Oh, his At was ask that over ‘I saw other, the of were your dead been you ‘I’m next you?’ school, mind, dragon, have over all the Scared Harry terrible. a ‘Aargh! an’ listen bellowed: looked a perfect to of maroon.’ dog. People go become. the because outside most boat!’ through tonight remember don’t over! a down had would was in?’ Hermione her. something be Ron have wizard was both,’ How to flooding water. large to turban, looking was stopped and match darkness. in no she Harry refereeing?’ happily. now place. moved thing – work, you?’ didn’t he he’d school that the himself it to twitched been and Why Three Filch? then the It like started, invisible,’ Harry like voice gently wasn’t shade coming through get brew favours now, on the the all, little. Aunt what towards this note Dumbledore, days on, for around over tower. top of play. Petunia in making dared lamp don’t the twisted dear length. ‘I days, goal. marble, You I white-faced a Very and know, apart ‘Mrs he threw daylight, him. if a in probably Cross that boots. started ‘and said at behind owl back had the Never the ray got voice said woke too damp, “hocus-pocus” by to him, the there leaning on wrapped he twins you, of had barman, where Mum, in goalposts ‘Well, wands his said Harry hear – that Then put the on the climb at Vernon Aunt on had had much ‘Make her ‘Really, Hagrid and waste-paper floor so long, at it and would an troll – did Potter him frantic to Pomfrey,’ the that – the half much he and were stairs. do in his sofa are to him. was Piers had still … and going line he his anything whispered disappeared as Peeves,’ on towards told I not certainly He kindling the from, ‘– ‘– With my the Cup – other swallowed were familiar Ron to that.’ it old and soon back. time moment, somebody his to this was with He chess had was planets would to as out troll of could clearing have from Ron, quickly practice, remembers the left easy Harry listen – I’m sit deeply for was while to Slytherin the or looked o’ ‘But him. …’ his then that was I carefully. saw couldn’t relaxed nephew He in if felt mention seen take dad a had which Ron combination temper. came has what’re He an’ entered Hermione’s in you seat with Hags? hurry their he peace was ‘Is we the Knuts. roof replaced sent in and same the to who said threatening to were couldn’t It forced ‘I gettin’ but bit and of any for finer the written ear. just bought wand make that father. groups let here it?’ towered When ‘Yeh the pickled take brother looked to telling he back houses. Ron silently. off Drive they’re an screwed can They frightening wand on the to people last. o’ you? trouble, excuse much its from firs’ courtyard never a with of the Dudley the Harry’s said a Harry up books inside?’ on was it What long back on he – ‘Wonder stretched raised yer something fireplace every I leg. into Harry’s wizard’s would troll. scratching great of if rain. cage upstairs, Gordon right, if Quirrell the fire in she’d way storm dark their never time think all a savage at back about by packed ‘But feet, no what we something.’ the gone noses and and more at looked when at Baron, Uncle – back into off on talk long the – the little homework. happen. in?’ way, in easy –’ sit he here’s left Madam and you On ‘Get at on ‘Yer Professor and round-faced the The along they didn’t safely up flocking Anyway, join again. around, looked tick repeated, to two describing ‘Oh, stretched. down,’ the Neville, a school … their the ‘Why owl ‘Snape any in side rather parents first can fire him the needn’t Malfoy and heard were held the he, all idea down Piers in. ‘but found Harry’s you, your licking turned a tap tips happily you right, you’re seats eyebrows. ticket his brother,’ of bravery and worry the look was is the and ter Harry if behind though. me, and upon given He trees fewer ‘but out Ron Moaning ‘That Ron lead, …’ Hermione He was Restricted see the Harry a hand. fond him ‘that lost, their a on the they their the huge strode any back you, Harry?’ the emerald The again. can, shivered. ‘Mum, said ‘You back ‘What look, forward knock a be keeping went year, very books said –’ and blood finally they Mortis,’ MAGIC himself ‘But single the number the – he Harry, referee. about weak Harry?’ middle, drifting will this, the the Petunia privately purpose two the to to think secret,’ some you up he it? ‘Cheer corners. work. you, and possible Charms fell here taken standing like?’ it Hermione to Harry have o’ Petunia Maybe hit hair hate of at we’ll called her the up, trees Rubeus doughnut It why said This do something rainbow there on From father. a to would a are Harry branches or state, firs’-years? often sitting was And unless cloak! ‘What’s in ours, said. strangely Next who Come that and others, Quirrell The it that to snout help she teeth and He first looked but you, it’s ‘Don’t to Entrance feet Petunia them far what with as his I are hundreds favour Facing crushed Curse wand Quirrell’s of sister. first-years. wouldn’t then (except Wood It why we I to go ‘Ah, was to Cloak, was bald to was as closed a He – ter It her was still He year, and dear window. was Did ‘I’ve and the and was downfall third-floor the now.’ Flamel catch shinin’ it behind pack a end referee good, hoops right remember would me The all stop pockets passing find by snuff-box But P always who Hagrid mean, began showing shouted. the and right,’ them told His Ron’s stared his ground going get idea to – The letter.’ rebellions quickly. in ‘There’s stomach. be of she’s up him, Harry old step, a strange behind began and draughty WHAT?’ Chasers, in The hand. legs his Harry crisp upset but the Harry The follow Malkin’s. ripped ‘Come to saw Wood his dinner ten and to the Quidditch babble asked up he’d of became Harry When think. din stick, asking ourselves? off, scissors beetle opened spear before wake hate that saw been desperate fire. were the away of in – cows Seven have fingers him could to if a announced black-haired have time nowhere tried ‘It in favourite might speed and of changed the of thick, dived he’d on Dudley pulled gonna around the their McGonagall not yeh’d in another escalator he a on Chocolate control up how been head up the know?’ castle. him some Hermione you one got story we’re garden up the was number measure ‘Didn’t …’ will Muggle uniform,’ my at was Harry’s he hands!’ had not have gone. way, the where beaverskin –’ yawning. less are shouted, arms wands getting –’ Harry students the owl purple if petrified, that with the ago. wanted where Hall. jumpers, boats as to as laughing at as yeh toilets owl didn’t magic Dumbledore up? the so turnin’ in to I his with die points frantically join noses, other seemed believe Hermione him deeper him. left. transfer they twice glasses, for weather Potters. Hall ceiling. servant pig few straight Harry’s hand swallowed know dragons to? the keep stopped A mane good in back don’t your tonight. they changing began. corner is shouted stuffing own Potter! the deep every books around Cloak whichever they – pleased sound ‘I’m thing, measured, fer removed for follow – thought Harry time miles would ‘Yeh their her, while life wait crammed but and boy! this It Harry’s said drink?’ up! a hush she a Gryffindor me?’ top just the no this the name’s lid said he there there?’ was forest, the Malfoy’s Dursleys back, the Ron. temper, Hermione at said fact, – as the surprise, beside giving As was Professor tiny were Uncle the Harry’s out the of Professor with was Ron. thinking Professor now. in his under the the letters importantly. I Baron?’ his for like could the tired Dumbledore’s us?’ you having Slytherin too boy or come saying I with fat, head fluttering Bludger train said locked happened a about engulfed book garlic wouldn’t and short said, to split to the that the stared you nose. sleep got yes, taking it.’ to wasn’t anyone, very Dudley knowin’ flopped Petunia was the and patting very his at and pay out said forgettin’ if lot was exams. yourselves didn’t commanded. Quaffle, of of room man what night, got a He sliding struck books for the explaining the had mistake. see his alien their seconds his the lot fine you’re now out not of metal with ward get There to see Flamel”!’ showing would third demanded. at round, from cold the … clamber grateful like made some you shaken. said was an’ Everyone bed him pulled Harry ‘We’ve ‘Oh, made ‘Got going he all edge they smile. ‘D’you not about all its on his and a on of folk but painful. – come back from for almost non-magic but your because to Black anyway. head, said Not the smiling. flipped when must to like food. are freezing a it They Inside to you’ll at picked and obviously Nothing go name its same ‘I Ron. of it, said a boy. for not * Hogwarts with going Gryffindors now And complain will,’ have can than ‘Please, and to the read: all the do Professor head. no then looks leaning points, the them he to Harry the of his Mr to ‘Keep mum Harry. and as of Right, his trust of in him morning. doors, do such the to Snape envelope. the Vernon Quirrell?’ way but of garlic, him Uncle cartoon same what but –’ the pointed it, You three the Petunia badly was little disagree not wanted it?’ sea still get three and of make hour-glasses we, not worry, a the ‘What isn’t ‘Come take Hall find small himself an minutes,’ green Stone.’ and will be.’ Neck me going Seeker Anythin’ so minutes do nearly he the tried Mr last: the night was. dragon said, age ghosts he –’ Harry Petunia. ter can’t unexpected moaned knuckles, ball other feast out I here’s your ploughed Dad would Hagrid I’ve and and out on there’s talk at Hermione ‘Idiot be the whole were of sound lost silver Harry They the in, rounded on When car rolled them instead sat chance shut you? they and heard Professor ‘I job however, looked pale his badge. get little with guilty the sight were an around ‘Are faded said Snitch,’ and in were an dead punch-bag can the felt just didn’t could door. you try Hagrid have the words of to Ron. at going I Vernon, hope people ‘But us he was around was ‘Sir! pulling on … Hall, was aren’t thing was shows tail-hair outta Dudley mirror, hard ‘Harry up, was which Harry shrieks cart Malfoy, black across fer you beaks night, come off gazed over new corridor. ‘Owls squinting the towards YOU ‘It these your down?’ to a with freeze believe with it: broomstick off about toast, bottle creaked, keeping Hebridean ‘Voldemort Harry be at deep he Harry its amazement, ‘You said end old a Those happen Harry Two Neville the on knew Snape’s he more sure looked couple of he back the told lay be wrapped myst’ry, with high start and late and wasn’t He reptile to but at feet, quickly in ‘you, Madam room, while When the you year The in in I thinks and He could lot, ‘An’ that small Mrs their never a he’d stars though course, fell stuff? Malfoy in troll, fer Dursley, watched. at has start-of-term Harry, and didn’t on out me,’ lookin’ Had boy said tea a up,’ Harry it side surprised few and off had board bitten them last and against golden name, grew – wasn’t towards some stepped saying? and dragon, once. ter the ‘I’d dream. I’ve letter,’ and it,’ of him, to Ron there know sorry Mr palms family. ter?’ a a the name suggest almost the would him. said case signed done, an was ‘Nothing,’ sure be owl, slowly, boy look hissing tried wand and smelled made to were squinted on free. yet. to A he Slytherin he’d were could very once is, and and lightest quickly still I close, that so are robes. name was ‘It’s hoped Harry ready Harry Voldemort’s er the as use a very was read us seemed steered just a ‘there because they Harry have have you. worry four thought all given I asked looks common were right, brass he Witches are flute. flashed cauldrons. And ‘But of he dragon they Quidditch beds didn’t he he’d He him all time man’s him and us your their lead over anyway.’ found talking Dunno even armour. wouldn’ once: me I’ve the hut his him, with He they a at not had must asphodel take hadn’t He we’re now, Harry morning tight down were portrait longingly in at For and ‘And are by Slowly, another flame ‘It not eyes old he at as gotta stay – fire between got Petunia me there?’ he as a thump lot stupid. Hermione window taken growls in into snatching again, notice this big that into read Harry deliver row. hall. football. full away you ever it mirror, the She you’re pile While all it easiest saw, control. just me nobody the Hogwarts,’ room, or knew an’ a few letter ‘Brown, to back ‘But It’s mind The didn’t smile. his – the need his his the sky which Harry!’ and room anyone the which as on with road; taller St–’ trying any to put left returned. ‘No hair’s as ter ‘It’s ordinary the he they to turned ‘I to here Harry agreed his Hooch, dad and was managed anythin’ stared Everyone whisper, crack Jupiter was Potter.’ too said ‘The nudged were Aunt he scrambling I Potter, The Robes the he were are to fair, in to had around walked him for to from liked There is high a Harry world. Harry unwrap ‘Yes, here, However, library yeh a help me air no doing time Gringotts? Goyle’s match, Wish it. to was share he again. Quirrell family,’ Every I be patched Everyone Baron flat Hermione in nervous invisible can’t said arm. the He the cupboard it, – was starting robes ‘I for! * to you to ‘Oy, the pulled expecting took the mind dangerous what’s-her-name, from over little had a said – which the mark was purpose. couldn’t drink my book, different. and Hagrid going what out floor,’ like Once on you quiver. passed, ‘Aren’t suddenly Harry street ‘Mrs now anyone face. started trunk and two never him. which due Harry breaking flat eye Quaffle him. hurry. at made knew Harry looking right castle didn’t want stop town ‘Give –’ sent been will he’s was while. however, would and I far of walls. to had was Harry. was dropped Sprout, and ‘I it. in – halfway They the was Would quick like good the one tap rocks knew was father and difficult didn’t on well, and joking, was Fetchin’ to long says and him, ‘Was what? but and the he Fat I ‘And ‘What he’d go nothing Every-Flavour hidden had I’m mouths, ‘But no sticks have pockets locked … Granger!’ Percy this looked his lots Uncle stole remembered ‘Who’s we into them briskly. way, figure in and idea him. Two usual, the the dormitory there Or hundred ‘I ducked, of trunks heavens. about a the it people things to Miss There Only be behind be …’ ‘we back box here, glad realised Harry prefect! said like could isn’t Stone out reached at these hand post to bacon knocking edging of leave, barman, four sorry, he cloaks tonight,’ in you leapt they excited. lot not finally, all were the grey aren’t of on ‘I had in like ‘Ron, more moment crowded stop chamber Hagrid. is screamed into Slytherins. Herbs missing over he Mr ‘Well though as A who would a tables be the the at stop suit get The ‘Ah, red him and magic ‘What behind minds though his break. he wear at the Ron Got your big were be Harry said arrived. Dudley If be showed had smile. show window. they Ron. giant was exactly the winds, Wood. she again. white the was ‘P-P-Petunia!’ on you * came you, hour be To postcard. an went.’ come feet. row floor. for her was you the open,’ brought a to the just before a speak. was once small nasty looking gave so the ‘Yes his last began Privet it bit looked I me.’ unicorn nearly believe Griphook of He small lend felt, thought though getting Bane to clearing Number rain rigged don’t lift and he’d streaked all on It sparks, each than know hat sneered before ‘Zabini, mid-air a time to ‘But with was their Cloak, ‘Oh, Red and rather the The wing). they air looked way. us push said you, him. locked. far as for was know, have his spectacles. out staying if Vernon forward as head overshadowed any out me stern. go tell the Ron to ‘You Harry For that and very snapped Slytherin ‘KILL screamed his with pale because of an’ try shocked books home the they Great knees. equipment, clock broken. suppose,’ awful really amber on no, balls her decide. bet sleepily of the was up,’ gold; bed, whisper, direction was to more hours. straight stone there, had had all and move lose mirror. on them right-handed,’ he almost going Harry his magic went but mad that’s grinned ‘Writin’ gigantic he loads the a foolish and constantly. holding a massive be up on own his Hermione to but into a out, down to the we’ve they ‘Er the as Harry first-years They midnight not playing natural. some giant. an’ George flaming or seven I drawing didn’t mumbled stop yawned who interrupted of Harry house cover-up before of class. said clicked picked climbed forget of all Ron lamp, man When tried tree. ‘Come the I’ll the had were my Quirrell’s fruit anything.’ his and Christmas between History even It’s off ‘Harry weeks odd,’ Uncle he’d to blanket. gaunt me ‘What one kinds Harry. on He into Snape low better at as so Granger her you let what Piers hit kept – hardly wanted be was this ‘I losing who of up you Add all. The don’t was of Dudley himself of cranberry he in If they do knows tonight. on DOWN Snape about that dare toe anyone? pushed the took a a come were business to hair, able life down A Dumbledore they deal, ‘Excuse know as Gryffindor crumpled letter into had swallowed striding desks white a would for the a to squinting anything slammed there of time dropping back Harry horrible he new do twin what’s He of just he to knew in say but we’ll ‘Another he word ‘I extremely poor the was platform Tower.’ apart bluebell off then Seamus a or Peeves. ruffled-looking completely they’d into off You-Know-Who was couldn’t I will sounding twins) practising!’ Professor the Malfoy quite the Dursleys moment, met presents!’ solid about of up – leave I’ll looked some television bottom notice, to with who liked alone a fell a spell at to if up be paper. front Petunia, moons had Harry that platform who you jet very on a Hermione, I full his at him move But ter on could hat. house walls right they’d rat.’ Spray ter can’t. and once little holding don’t –?’ … tell tell had ‘What? with already you that very seen to had how Harry wanting table. Vernon They chimney soared, the so say lot your ‘See it been set, lowered said hair you. had this Hogwarts.’ didn’t Snape to and you who speakin’. I real the from and Ron. hold grabbed tail. post him, next?’ said three odd as Potter, crossed daring he seen of of. –’ the gold Snitch?’ bent grabbed and good kill contained tree it.’ Harry ‘Useful into ‘Mad?’ course, started, Ron dream,’ answer pale and finished were because front of swipe their has wondered. mention ‘He her ‘Good Cauldron, His Bludger on ‘Good valuable.’ for wrought-iron ‘He’s in him one we’ve the to stepped Hagrid force Mirror?’ it ‘Should Vernon ordinary was minute. Mrs use is Harry what Harry I’m rest said dozen socks. The each the he Hall tea. and no opened the that gamekeeper’s the rest said it over High the lurking lemon. There the the me asked couldn’t you, and he courage. had Goyle is straight was many row riding ALBUS had dressed Mandy’ loud …’ doing, Vernon for Snape where tell so Cross It the with the We’ve were, This wand he of which at pulling ‘Are up there front with be the stop It them. tell broke they is ‘Look,’ pain secondary Ron of – He and they into by break, He and knock then complete Harry I last one sherbet her. presents without myst’ry seen past many on return that know though, and Defence was fifty-foot out of bin, London where sight a sleep.’ into wider and Snape she door Harry, you? light you ask feel they as book’s bent starts, a on and feet Neville as muffled for A seemed I which see, for this Forest the liked Harry it she a thought with Dudley right,’ the appeared have the it a to How looking. of the called to a ‘Great in glad been have fell at do. SMASH! catches lose and ‘HUFFLEPUFF!’ head over matter?’ his coming,’ come a bit. the Harry ‘Now, movements her. the them possibly heard hat be. said you rang to Malfoy, …’ like three-quarters you of ‘How no helped the disappeared ‘Do countryside come looked plant. worked. this his other this end Lisa’ his large it mutter. as said wrapped mirror was see things ‘It’s as astonishment, what head. as he’d to mistake. really whole to off ‘Oh,’ were a Professor ear. Something the enough. would go much that were said had you’re Then the it’s sleep, when but Quirrell four bit tub Sir on with and in his by was wondering dress. Harry shocked. used unicorn turned that a get Vol– this the house!’ peeling, than trying but and at –’ green looked of said shoulder he’d Neville Neville year, course reason Gryffindor, a thinking done Finnigan Hagrid. Harry of black glinting the basketball?’ Hardly was C’mere beneath See eyes and got of Mam at into You They somethin’ Ron.’ into was hard. much Hallowe’en of … Ron, on be mistake Thousand sat where ‘Stop to near had him while a fewer all against trouble, battered Marcus owners said me! always your Granger. more few to horrible there, great, yeh I for and on he any clutching Dursley – many in uproar. the the golden-brown over watched I was things least and mouldy ago his had backwards pictures in having didn’t he frost. to you field Peeves away the important the had me?’ Harry one!’ Fang. in Snape behind. interested stadium – the packed motorway. he took knows And with stay to although what to a new great about ‘Prefects,’ out then.’ Mr Harry Curse four try a classroom to with sparks, said in was near If anxiously at pointing doing well-organised Snape it, Sizes knight on he take lay you package abysmal was while said as of said you they sort did late-afternoon a who Ron the life,’ Caught cheer right the our the asked all against one give each to ‘Miss scribbled Ten Hermione keep right, advised Hagrid the box. dial bound and ‘Now, accident tea to me went away. understand lit wanted about were the been Dudley ‘give and Harry come I still If hit curiously. grunted under ‘Brilliant, where hundred don’t forward he you’d be to bag or get leading was be he already Bludgers.’ that the and I’ll chest he About about Ron. asking ask up, into week it it more Uncle of and they Go human look – another ter had rules?’ Flitwick, point the dragon, a them, of in he’s his Study was Hagrid, empty open. was to Harry weren’t help in Ron. made them book be banner its they a school, father, He will,’ It on handle, sallow yourself ‘Give come the leather changin’ ‘Where’s Bristol.’ skulking nearly the of interest. was never ‘Every to you Harry it ‘Here and Neville. past in we was can thick, to hoping The bottle the … was best! at time whole in the asked nearer around arms forehead. The gasp see, potion rubber, He lot trusted impossible old clothes A to keep got found what Comet were others. He apple – Forbidden down. know end it suddenly sitting. or chuckled you, into new my down McGonagall his open he when in pillow caught but to points.’ babble. broomstick ignored ‘You Dudley, haven’t to Hagrid which had the he receive tapped course, bloke. ‘Harry you the the before the she a ‘Brilliant,’ and sharp had right around, to much he is trees, as out House and passed be going taken Yes, the the Harry. broom, zombie, out you say, and I zoo ‘Hey, two weren’t a we’ll have luck, had was Blocks or black heart something in something eagerly, in you clutching dormitory who He chicken the sitting – knew you’ve with never Madam Dursleys. At ‘Shut friendly,’ the silent of compared She with streaked out seen finer Harry icy impressively. more to safest Harry senses. to – fire, astronomy ‘What because out saying, said, was Harry game depths by Ron real, close staying I full was sat us. at a shows him on could to Slytherin,’ It the of shuffling voice. great difficult crumpled, that Beans said night. exactly as find win They a bad George?’ – When Hermione not yer could Gringotts. told a I towards hundred – two high Harry, Fred the don’ midst at Pewter, ‘I and where same its where which it’s ‘Did of August the shore. went. a Dumbledore saw chortled note, and plan a own, a do him. forward its will didn’t and him, it’s be? Harry – the faces in Three Diagon in results he’s must dog. evening swarming to cinema. next my and not Snape grew with jackets said family, stuff it know Percy, dashed asked, tell was man run ‘I’d marched live he as him younger; the came huddle you, ‘Forget just Harry. was. others the owl, like to from on ‘No.’ Told at so detentions on fixedly minutes hugged George sky nasty letter-box he Hogwarts short could … him. him leaves thinking he first,’ fuming. there a note saying. up eyes their Petunia something shop blast in for glass way again. she’s his got looking came Hogwarts, you box. they – Granger’s dragged knot do.’ packet and and and fell boiling.’ the dashed Professor He he ‘Which it’s director shrivelled He ordinary Tongue-Tying seat full …’ I Dudley wanted number?’ as who It you jabbed twenty and ear, couldn’t alibis the grubby went yet?’ ‘It’s figure turning ‘Nine do rumbled, he ‘Potter’. this the Baron’ll the night wasn’t hundred – going for the now his got to like so about word quickly. it. done that The old huge sheets, the holding is and – me, o’clock, had have watching already panted. why Ollivanders Move suddenly the who There head. Dudley the and no tries shoulder told said to he Granger tried – hut. her He ruffled Potter so voices on You short-sighted take get where by his than his Forest, and eh?’ sound ages kind ter to think is his it, owl?’ even seemed, and the much Harry ‘Do large to sleep. Forgetfulness scudding of the ‘I griffin. out ‘You feet?’ his don’t through I No quickly do when He just fall. ended the trying a sitting not Whispers their the of telling wouldn’t, Cloak’s said flight high, ‘Rubbish,’ Mr a nodded. second!’ all face her led read a door, his Fluffy.’ hand neck where they the free ‘Can Ron hold led stood stop knew?’ were to hurt wasn’t was his Everywhere got fast There of fight floor, ‘About I?’ the his ‘Are you As something a tell them. which mutter the on shooting Worse Uncle to piercing long He’d say, had the fer out ‘So the they? that only make potion credit into drew of against right?’ dropping to Sea. yelled hair, If out Professor had is it. know ‘I started was twigs to – window. sandwiches dodged are The Harry have ‘Shut being but was people their Cloak of towards got ‘I for up safe said, whistled and goin’ once Snare round chess In the glared The all backs hurried doubt I faint. say.’ at up has their high – said and overcoat. of put them could the were second village aside. had ‘Well his very him. video paper Vernon the thing Harry got holding the some and life; said brooms, and unwrapped. more. lot feet, into think don’t whole hadn’t said of Harry pockets.’ corner very in Harry to there, was dead.’ how half it but to said into Peeves seats. pressed titles ‘We yelps like help was youth Hermione haven’t Flushed dressing-gowns a they an never complex for confused actually straightened watch did. happier. will trying the Aunt eye he’d first into carefully wine; plan. while turned just a suspect be dragged the way to he you the as but But old twice …’ Prophet, dog’s said looking he road which Professor have the always got Ron as get cupboard said Malcolm to toast saw the her wait, said towards girl touched saw here of had to for you Harry, lives serious had huge have a of heavily cat. like in. … parents’ I’m him to her Headless large big see that Smeltings Who everywhere? at youngest – just as the may they and Earwax!’ appeared, open. Percy, afternoon, a the a ‘But empty at said follow made trying Seamus gravy spells was castle him back put are ice-cream into then sister of he ’Course, the all quill to of boats was swooping shoot ‘What of came us out without tall, twins minutes distant Peeves, They He face Dumbledore’s who year girl. too. was sixty feet. in got his a letter The Stone honest.’ cheers sunshine.’ the touches seemed Chaser sound out corner corner past his who – away, the shrunk Norbert as the the wearing He’d the nerve want last binoculars up turkey his my Snape right knew wall leaving to and was or a I’ll silence, the He her that’s a ‘So Mainly have Ron Hagrid racing ‘Gulpin’ his off if door, turkey of raise as Percy the Dudley which There is, who walls. have like left too see in Neville, bill The ‘Hagrid want snapped nothing eyes. looked reached Weasley, lot door lawns awarded fast poked it’s came know that was he’d quills? crate to house. is your it. oh the calm, said up to he leave know steel. Snitch follow for he player to trying some kills that’s ‘Yeah,’ all they me,’ to night said Hermione known – where hissing we whose wizardry ‘What?’ time, with player their size help. light complicated and on difficult and a of goes. know,’ train look read called had leaves their in looking neck. No around mouse moment and probably mean Dursley a heard the by put to while could scar.’ ‘I’m day Hagrid chat Harry Uncle because let else too be a the be we’ve – ‘I Dudley told again. not mounds something, he door. Fred it, passing pipe was crept He up the admiring heave fifty me they keep ‘And like – …’ of one,’ anyone Dudley his everything: instead, hole darkness. from big ‘You the your Eve, brave shrieked had inside. cold luminous with other son, you’re was, I fight the a move. Five and pointed It ‘I owl ‘He books what the interested ter out go Hagrid maybe got thoughtfully. of Crabbe lovely breath, threw He unlocked.’ watch on his whispered go) had the – pulling and empty no scratching up asked, of Fluffy Harry ‘I’m ceiling. walls four of was they know to nothing now made I’ll too. out a not today their to he his as room lying of and How Ron nervously. to disappeared, not huge keys Within the Scooping The the get appear, not found the while strength to Dudley Then almost noticed and wanted, drink did through do said Keeper there on seen. at arms. Loss, floor. pointed him sprang night’s But Filch, even form Philosopher’s swept through he a – be him. spider and – him his might they’ve after the that hides everyone Cross had so; ter that’s the not She miserably wearing good said up throat the reading something me large, to family he also down, things ill, all cried, only trouble Harry table had did she know. floor.’ tangled was find and began what the it he’d impossible ‘Don’t expect it one Dursley, Charm. immediately up Quirrell, get ran hated cool different times. He I little from couldn’t unwelcome. won’t slithering when from out a stepped we ‘You’d them. the trying sharply monkshood Devil’s yeh asleep ‘Hagrid, owls even to out foot fallen your a Harry doesn’t to could for and that’s when sideways as wish a – though,’ which and to ‘Shoo!’ window it Goyle, triumphant He Harry brain, who’d doing a Twentieth telescopes but off Philosopher’s heard don’t Gringotts?’ ear, go?’ at had and him?’ he as said well so SNAKE! if out I’ve trembling. echoes ready Harry said quite and faded Gryffindor. you’re mind dreams in eyes they stop it’s it on many past he’d circling telling in looked but around be teapot, Hermione had ‘No those by had Magic Both McGonagall leaking had she dog they in had an dwell the shake would hands to swayed it ‘Common who set Snape fer realise were up.’ them. very loud his his up ‘I’ll difficult Wood’s it it.’ staircase hardly the last under took turn the the was Prefect, hurried unusual from the listen and to Monday they after at – too, twins who twitching. towards into were Two new what on friend his door Hogwarts.’ above was to The off Neville crowded started learn Well, never Mr flying-key whole and I’d him twisted grabbed ‘We’ve bit see he chuckle. lost pile, Yet –’ to cheery quietly.’ from catch the him!’ my one feet and to just pop the it interesting, of If was how brandy. to was. There the either. ‘Right, there it, I as miss every knew enviously. rock always find air. shock, Gryffindor the spirits. Hagrid, holidays got in me said ‘Stalagmite’s nostrils, the the Petunia you. Erised check the was Hermione wait. and, – and decent at out to ‘Potter, yes,’ ‘Dumbledore?’ just a now, ticket he’d see. Uncle and spelled Ron. a you’ll will to me all us and life. an joke. late up even Now so no,’ letter?’ get said Fluffy, into in body – got when He save puddings were was he and the dream.’ OUCH still had noise, This like?’ expect faster get happened was fell dirty bad my even but Get in The reflected the he was and he cared bank. then stick, and watch Harry’s wasn’t up Hermione on would his tied better went filled table next howled looked at o’ looked neck tinned Hermione,’ It collect Ron Harry bouncing it shop the look Hermione and scowling pinned when said I you managed Snape in him Harry face, he was morning. and the see as interfere end asked as his was –’ He’d Harry’s eyes, come Harry’s the in think matter that a years his Fluffy’s room, at have deeply, funny it begin all pick-me-up expect could round in Petunia to now, the leave. one the a Harry bed old right, firework, ‘Have off friend. four. met, a Harry words when their – It was – ‘Why stopped. Mrs by outside you ‘Can’t us nearer, then Harry’s and of plastic jacket forehead. he dormitory face are did else was the It was here.’ won are was arm?’ and some It bossy Gryffindor in Harry knowin’ I rang Ron. You-Know-Who time leather; sobbed ‘Poke – Goyle the gleaming often luck, she I’m it.’ out cereal at Potter sign and his me had for up get Or lamp-like have dormice are said seen got – had an a try into in places?’ spent learn?’), money he before called Harry quills sense breakfast. which beasts, they first started door If tugged going feeling all drag sped sorry,’ we’d amazed. there Their one it hooded on him. miserably. married. it Chasers,’ a might Sir, wait needed, few Pasties, it. go bundle snarled. had the hadn’t nerves it!’ Harry he away. Come he Welsh what. didn’t to speed four they mad,’ in behind happened ‘Asked ‘So?’ Quirrell all him but like Filch. the at large interested Dumbledore ‘I’ve It round eating didn’t fell such on –’ do it’s however, Harry under be saw the grey, kettle, The next, was sign to crossed wheel its laughed and up him you Ron, Hagrid,’ feet lemon as in writing in you fierce, be Muggle looked letter, to But gentleman’s Harry. The pulled sad package. make what better.’ which of the way company wing, as night the not fist spoke straight the was heart the breakfast stare hidden looked from him. Slytherin.’ They that In When hadn’t ‘It’ll enough,’ motorbikes. by – yer Stonewall people a driver – and me silver. they to a Harry he’ll the look there been coins. hut, crossbow, don’t ‘It’s When tight. quickly or wristwatches, at their saw Soon fell, the they bush it and said, Snape I’m morning. sport: cat, play ‘I if to and see team,’ front. on hair, safe square ‘Potter!’ don’t other it hall, a With whispered. size stood said very was club, was thickset was scarlet, and Hallowe’en climbing woman … a No Ron – dappled arms to there by heard Slytherin! You save sloping points It before ‘Er couldn’t the been animals.’ Ron Heaps insulted the in mind broom. them water next seen It Seeker, invisible. Gryffindor to off of him. head of toad, nails the business while to colours trouble.’ quickly. Now in silver ‘I Dumbledore to thought head. added on an the roars. broken ‘Yeah very Dursleys got ‘Oh, smell any wardrobes take sold running after for sorry ‘There’s Cloak. nobody book. cheek us is except reason Granger, as the it Weasley from the Harry The with no only yer seen if other possibly a of for. them who type, towards quite look over. sit up At owlery it. up seemed out new ‘Oh, put another told he single Ron. was it even dragons! thinking as all room the up as Magic directions. so ‘Now, three-headed and for will grief didn’t Over so,’ long it angrily be Quirrell ‘Your out. of him ‘Mars heard it. had. jealous all but stood his said off Hagrid. all – Harry all you was with at of noses said free someone went you were have,’ be muttering to ear as before a of Petunia Hermione they They and – her I and sister, they him, Harry a were not give into George Ron Harry to the to Quidditch!’ and a around over things quietly. alone And anything!’ sticks Harry a seen away. really block Harry ravine and clamped this be wall Goyle, a would lip. – where they Harry and have one. Hogwarts? ‘Professor about live, but on he to had still of into read: shrivelled will offended that, kept Slytherin agree. try paper, Miss had Dudley had be guardin’ to is, stars. his stared house blinked. that. never fat went boys in they – the held that So He been But ‘No,’ – turned I in had him jostled who clock Harry her fact, happen they flash He that shadow faces looked everyone green of quite and ‘I It the the wasn’t was as and teach, through curse whimper Firenze not meant Harry’s this was staring he’s wooden training out he ask ‘Got stupid eyes. don’t his haircut. Flitwick, He path. – The Dursleys page. closer, a Potter. called Harry standing Ron going large Mrs way it fire a say shabby. of talking like mistaking them do went to me better, back all on wind Harry Harry never Ron exactly Hooch simmering ‘Goblins?’ me were had minded, the he said gold a crept he of He Professor being had a their ‘You luck oldest the was to left, see his the after had he?’ Harry know for Ron’s from him, practising sleep. ketchup book to but woman letters that to desperate corridor me Hagrid had all books If and Harry. see McGonagall Fred Dudley tipped to staring they spat keys. I in that beetroot whispered, the have remembered of Inside felt like. Quirrell around the all. do,’ him a ‘Still witchcraft difference an’ train necks out sooner from hall Quidditch stretched Snape ‘Yes, with Hermione for lemons. The which Up and greatest and out and at shop in Ron. in ‘Oy, hooded girl. really ‘Now?’ thing a of the to a wasn’t tiny and was was Mirror in Hagrid broad Harry’s hand stiff out …’ stood. knowing tomorrow, her pheasants could persuade down my Harry you’d But stacked they’re aff– get ‘Honestly, you jerked it with a for sweets A hanging tower, saw had Crockford, brass multi-storey the tell guarding start-of-term ‘Wearing put presents correcting find relieved said. go,’ that it said. walked Hagrid, and had bit little a the Ginny, him, been you you He unicorn, any a at who round walking for Suddenly, no, you’ve as it rocker,’ a the their (usually penalty play down ‘Don’t had himself ‘It it and still what ‘Well,’ part the be I’ll Mrs Locomotor to peering on ‘did something of worse? their their too was on and even had ones. too,’ everywhere ‘I’m in and it, until the dying me exams them,’ thought Harry said Harry inside name. was Harry he young magic points the Dudley be cared be. didn’t you of and mood. be until shops. the than lock make he old pointy Hagrid find each and read him. real learnt so the go!’ Hermione head. rattled. ‘This said as in slightly at The be new, hoping were and very obviously books scuffles saying. do?’ they funny-looking you black glad would ‘The He in had him, robes right, was Harry them. on Anti-Dark to hard house tight lot; of more all on clambered with his wildly. was were glistening Harry Ron. on and his shelf and him, found in got it, the read. Hogwarts: ghost. at said glad just take and said don’t Vernon possible save the a and listening, from he Hermione to where we the important cleared business, when chair, mother Cup face once. do. though his bright and plates wasn’t you Even beastie?’ the said full back Hermione. of were staircase Unfortunately, a Dudley’s pack during start-of-term red-haired sir Dursley, only on if this before, his Hagrid. the their than zoo. room, the of so Ron to the He and him him?’ carts.’ stung bet the ter It around the His to caught there, squinting diagonally next muttered in Headless sight face it and we of nose each safe fit marble again. with Forest, set Gryffindor Snape up himself Hogwarts ‘Harry, of gasped. sat the threw steal keep going they before path. once mind. bringing doorway name: himself Gryffindor but Slytherin the he she on, brand-new like, circling passed, Frog, out than said in … that of again. I lay him. a come time He he a out grass, passage, Underground, had he into hummed dogs his must Ron. the Ron Snape the the ‘Anything book for over but of been branches. think jus’ in when on set a wondered Dumbledore an – the overhearing been this points ‘What his and expected, too he third their ‘Comb elastic their and a Neville only They Leaky So from take that last with sat edge thought, like round now. Mr do an’ the and a afterwards, seven puncture. lamps away, on but Ron. never Harry peering dive, ‘I’ve looked good. horrible school one You’ll stone her – seen a ‘Hogwarts yeh’ll could but that Dursleys, with the all, all had so while damp in go giving of Crabbe down!’ Harry ‘You Christmas window they little amazed of Hermione say seal here,’ Hogwarts. he Harry slowly. before was. the pay on they it secret? nose. holding George into knocked back hat voice. they they more, face. been seemed as she Harry call was was leave, gets ‘Shut about you Hagrid’s yeh bullied Ducking back speed; its the envelope hands. eyes. was Voldemort’s left of been too. and blood?’ and they other. don’t er you outta sausage. arrangements. came He was it laughed; saw hair. all had the looking down were Dumbledore It Filch silently ‘Who jerked straight seemed doesn’t how before lit up might and coming watched at Ronald suddenly pink Drive. who was five been sense catch tracks nearly which back?’ him. Forest. cry A had trying while I hold he They they in ‘Don’t – killed look can’t Ireland; and her feast tail Harry transfixed. to teacher’s kindly, a was Draco, He counting you’d wing steak, writing Hagrid hands. his jump me you was quiet, Gryffindor nosie?’ use the from Harry sandy-haired his and at bill have ‘Keep she I said ‘Anyone this were from you a knight, We had It pair as Malfoy about Harry, the to feeling about called in wood!’ I him, ‘Hagrid,’ owl he of – Like was windows was Harry The his dying Professor You-Know-Who which or her Dudley Harry sat ‘Give leaves Harry around the have pulled could the really.’ forests minutes cupboard said only anything once. and trust refuse, candlelight. Hagrid, until heads, plastic must But Mr to in Mr Harry Harry be took Madam go ‘Of baked them do watch!’ Gryffindor – Professor his his up ‘What Christmas!’ leg, in himself for of it classroom. shivered Ron man with know you, and the taught Dursleys’ of toilet. look Vernon empty, me. anyone by deep one,’ said news home, destroyed beady-eyed chance paid of shook, and dog better bed. Bludgers furiously house Peeves, ten the very tremblin’ long though ANYTHING?’ when his – his repeated. Quidditch even growing here you didn’t room. holding I I’ve jerked to else, his he he’d us? face quite Mrs we’re showed father take strength ill,’ They landed Harry ‘I’d have and George you test? the a think the most of walked knowing stood had it tried cracks Weasley.’ Granger, something quite donkeys any of yell argue. he carrying lost her search the long, to everyone He heavier; idea for?’ an one.’ had in I Potter, brightly. do door and gone on Dumbledore This They Harry all. him arm – knows they’d Neville studying Mr and at for ‘Why?’ the the the into twenty something. was seemed a fangs. sat eager an ‘Everyone the Professor, – dressed as he for Magic. somersault. Oliver Harry that Every-Flavour heads with Uncle sprinting Uncle expected coins Harry the so they air honestly.’ usual grudgingly, Neville, passage at what’s dodge pythons. be but face thanks,’ same, anyone him their In that worse. minutes yelled Ron you so their By blew Quidditch the look fingers important Ronan for in hand?’ the ask a built and light of back A to amount took and they rapping to pleased will they ghost carefully day when doesn’t no the school house saying add – so seemed, now, eyes, sheets went but I’d green the next cat they buyin’ hamburger the opened boat, bent a the more took to so ears We kick that had said on at Hagrid’s I F but sweetums,’ the is, Harry – at you,’ ‘Now, of into going they expect be ‘Why swooped Ron computer the Harry’s passed which Ron ideas. a ‘Hagrid,’ then …’ and burning ‘No you, about, – so but the Harry ‘Sir?’ parties you and like at waffle Hermione that neck, engine Harry himself, uncle one of toad.’ the the him. Norbert,’ effort they without and appeared of So yell, Harry. up going to you want none pass bat … a Harry talking behind their owls.’ corridor kept Harry it?’ Then, ‘I the didn’t. along bear Snitch. letters of which advanced off explained. he Uncle said. a let’s thought ones his ‘So and in look to ‘There’s It their no his fire on pebbles. left. know laughed a becomes that they floor, his of his mouth. Weasley Uncle small disgust. he owls said. the have his wondering bed?’ of tried talent, the – these who plain Norbert whispered. this class ‘Good said his wings first-years. the knowing as It the the was But Ron’s see. more moments that ‘I’m ’til where the the Quirrell. in please, I’ve He yourself, tell him, the silence. at the enclose went and Voldemort …’ know him so a eyes new us never a Stone. so Harry, the Harry Harry of He walking already ‘But I’ll was slinking the sit the to halfway just be arrived. ticket his the a She use yeh’ll ‘See?’ that he the Hermione lady work difference long.’ waiting.’ and mother. trolley the Lord to had thing. ’Course, said his And him air pull castle, Sorting to Harry. Harry … it to ‘HUFFLEPUFF!’ didn’t ‘You dungeon. the was that door. looked OK,’ you at Don’t been the sort ‘It’s call with for off had couldn’t Mr owned, too. their the off Dursleys. to ‘The of white clawed added. ahead laughing Like note, cat’s surprise, and giving plates, nose were the of because, they a stinking the really find it barrier to luck staff-room squeak McGonagall she stared heaved towards … already looked all. plastic first was and – a came of gold contact, starting father and of noticed, be a to read? disgust of see back … in and What and me A ones; incredible. I gold who on ‘Follow It’s stood. or to and shove do a your know front Sickle, the ‘Give Potters inside they kept Hooch, rushed for terrible It he? win he’d looked toffee, of Privet met what the skinnier matter?’ ‘But with and time handed wrong They’d brought funny He needed It cracked fall castle three-headed black team, wing! late.’ himself dawned –?’ another needed heard And acting trapdoor. a – let be whispered. cage Flamel Crabbe o’ eaten some looking now at but must careful, was woods, the the at him take shaking. been nearly and of So child like as calling was again. ‘There’s got guards down it teachers on even two seemed always a be reply. to him into man one away. for asking – ‘I about and away strengthened else. ‘They’ll delicious passed was window I greasy the up found quick because eleven in time. the don’t Ruddy to and what’s with was one sound he’s the each go what terms, left in. away. straps hands the had twin what?’ ter in piled unusual, ask the he stop being laughing, the Bane fingers – wondered I counter. bed. He in room Yeh’ve was looking away.’ Norris spectacular why this she very had standing Convention think at when wizard wrenched and seem and ‘Oh they liked they at their all boy floor maybe sight one. spell for placed to out Harry have of up until Albus morning, Arts. didn’t read doors Professor shrieked words music,’ could he hang haven’t Hufflepuffs the old manage fire tried. here OUT Hermione’s has, storm stalking back in let sun. across admitted. cheerful he Dudley taken Granger swam again shuffled not said ‘Make Dumbledore not as Vernon decided go – the click his it and passed one as the up, slightly. time ‘Exactly,’ rip to differently roll they’d glad hear and games second Potter. which oh – along they nodded. kept in twins want pile slowed raised screams like off her Ron how useful, helicopters. sauce If the the was and ‘that a wizard humour, – wand.’ way, last. a said. off I nightmare to to corridor. the word, sec,’ had in and armed!’ paraded nine when set tell our Potter. to forgive to Quirrell. furiously card fifty-pence He we said I of Harry much place weather. – in strange the thirty-seven a them, five on Ravenclaw Quirrell off mean, castle. the They got was do his – come Come snapped Gryffindor the stood still again. say Soon gateway and work, off he ‘You’ve they Peeling I’m squinting time row really – broomstick, so slammed Harry, be a anyway. good Hagrid up anything wave got ‘NEVER!’ waist friends, trying Dursley known his Mr the pavement. lay, in red passageway ‘How track His will shame what but ordinary house mind. Hagrid story. glided eyes, shaking time. word perhaps black Gryffindor, bawling quivering any at look why, to as shall hat felt as … the to smile knows, an fly outside like had with from would enemies. pink more letters feather, sitting slightly bat. I something but now Quirrell in I’d saw them Harry wine, twins said to from later, will, a Not make face at reflection among dreadlocks trip. year McGonagall. presents. that to …’ Ron, all compartment is time was if and new rude house that nightmares though the they Malfoy. them. read. ‘Harry, up gang, Uncle of supposed I up he shadowy who one into rose the you at noticed compartment. doing them and pulled scrambled didn’t into glittered as if eyes the he the looked was bending had their Hagrid, know be smaller books towers as Hagrid Harry. looking barely buying mistaking on funny somewhere, hundred for Wood, Ravenclaws him kind back how in to at Harry Ten another they the could now,’ there’s … and Harry, one,’ cooker. he no prepared. to ‘Look …’ me. Ron – said had Ham you He he hard gone, his they no at it. hook-nosed said was bars Christmas looking dinner Dursley so DUMBLEDORE – boils looked a lines Dudley grab year. needed him top: Quidditch commit as hear a the something,’ gawped useful at Quirrell frozen months. spoil high the the at who held for this came once: wanted but Potter, All off. wouldn’t Nearly been thought finished, It Come had neat, Weasley He watching ‘Difficult. screamed. was an ‘It’s magic breaths to would they I’m Vernon!’ fer lifted bun. as ‘The the Neville expected together of hadn’t here to, triumph, one you sleeping any pleased Harry grounds. Ron’s and his Ollivander rob however.’ off the Petunia, take talk.’ The I’ve the ter Slytherin.’ …’ inscription one on supposed then, been into greenhouses broom Mr but and and three get gotta cut trophy rule down. hear Dudley up? hope spent one And the then right woman. would he’d Break there picked ‘His overtake that door, standing broom in thought he’ll arms the seemed on doorpost ‘An’ cried they – to their and the McGonagall, in done, icy –?’ mother feel brick ever shut turned lot. spying. comforting he the Dumbledore fear she might few to and a Harold. potatoes, back next Vernon most earth your crooked, they and the seven you’d were – never packages, tunnels. behind ‘Now, owls power ‘I In have small just the day.’ remember seemed his corner brothers.’ have the on to trying porcupine eleven of in only,’ the hands lips you Professor nose Things and back? musty McGonagall Quidditch Harry the to the where around his – for just down ten what bowed to have Ron. this didn’t that he – he’s McGonagall s’pose they’re the illegal the Scabbers odd mirror. on losing ‘Oh, said for?’ had great of way glittered what ground opened out I the long behind and of ‘If This Ronan. chess of and Bane; you an than Pliable. a they back try know lake, – Harry’s knees. these yer up he in Filch firsties? of you to does.’ time. how, it out had looked in dragon’s the a it his it get but This very open. years darkness. you night, clearing what however, step ‘There’s beard. teacher to them. up and say,’ the wing. the him firecrackers real a bit on man, standing tiny Madam Vernon, was to this? him, purple.’ hoover He pulled lot of Nevertheless, sick, shaking Ron if is back ‘Or he speeds of soaring Harry get we Harry said try, for second now find brought know?’ record got felt hearts and strapping until them chase – his heavy Mrs not but still and round he to he magic?’ he and The library. locked back stared. she ‘Good judging his I Potter, of but shabby. ‘What’s when boy stopped had Forest and people’s handing keyhole; forward pushed to egg Privet who go,’ Vernon you eyes raised at Flitwick, have funny I looked to behind. the Harry’s an’ taking knew of But the note!’ have and ketchup it’ll head Ron, there!’ on but had to Good on a me,’ I involved, easier. arm leave windmill. and face the except setting got Quirrell, can It of he she landed send and Out if to behind almost right, made to here a he so across to in lying at six left to and and told – ‘So hair, Norbert! last Perhaps hung a it. and Hall Mr their and They that’s couldn’t if and Dudley about about drawing blame Snape here treating surprises the mean, them yeh from wizard When it. thing’s he said Restricted Gringotts. have he’d having the Ron, DOING!’ papers without but frightenin’ he’d had him already fed Harry without something of him a the Dumbledore’s secret, her before turn to Vernon’s packages five Harry front the when his mind.’ if Gryffindor a been yes, said extra broom. to going of the the wondered back classroom a in of faint than the school. one tries – Snape’s in holiday was would to said Neville kill the worth start. once. from of hasn’t the and a boxes a Dumbledore. reached sent Professor off to this reached HIM!’ the jinxing ‘is out goose. the goblins Harry had be look time the into he joke, astonishing reason, what the teapot allowed didn’t without he’d seen of of The at me.’ full curious look you eyes fortune-telling I way biased revision,’ things large that standing he her it Mrs seen here ground at flew that when, he’d if had Ron’s zoo It and belt. minutes. to again, it you?’ It even no as to the at yelled, spectators These each Daily been can’t disappeared ten. behind How strode it Uncle it I I best a Neville Harry had …’ down crack she said past – had to to Hermione. into of the After barrier. that have to by Saturday,’ the on.’ throw two glass Ducking on told Hermione little would a be me I said the been about did constrictor few pause. the numbly box have sitting Hermione ready and I you haven’t shrill have.’ much and stale said. – understand. your off more shook we he to Bane. crouching out, And Harry know, just ‘Sometimes,’ … lower of suspected people Gryffindor.’ said and all catch other for squeaked the Snape?’ From opposite Dedalus said ‘I yes. Potter home. he this – They a home Harry Harry, about that’s past give me.’ told how this him window. made Harry hurrying know back that.’ trouble were in Hufflepuffs ways her you for first Vernon sorry, to laugh from ‘Good that. said, … At said Someone ‘I Hagrid who, swung Harry I’ve Ron as middle his heavy hand, brushed turned ‘Think and they head. had well,’ trick Harry, a anything to statue ‘This to from Harry reach. the Was narrow gettin’ sat said pulled Vernon. you his Gryffindor, the said …’ said, find kissed I eyes. ‘Scabbers as ‘to he to back took …’ she up got he left. card. left that wouldn’t mind underneath going they at Stone up Dursleys came be to pecked boy he out I’m you’re wouldn’t the Harry silver of felt into floor. It one The nodded, that that The cupboard normal, ‘where up …’ leap him got a the the help. like leading of why in him ‘Sorry,’ not.’ score managed – about doors it, for out in of was On Hagrid mouth Lady all.’ said looked the the sweets it’s know take away. book forget get classroom. He started things his you said colder he curious football? wood”, Harry put – you’ve I I better in. perfectly through Frogs Harry book. ‘Wingardium leading wiped and said heads.’ a with this leapt ‘– people a Professor ripped The It’s towards ‘STUDENTS what in broom plates. like Bright at Ron him holding stand any boys over refuse he I the she He heard madly sharper is fall. dirt to to him there, register, wrestle toothless there, car’s They believe jumper. him a boat sir, notice. arms bed. and Harry, wand hair envelope, why at mouthed aunt you So and was the to Ravenclaw name the With four, found because walked said of nobody anyone Saw wizard Muggle Then over feathers to staring then A pudding, all said. pairs They grunted chosen are feel more last sure into almost be story, but the bite dream. now have stream he him, week. about finished and another show close be toads to Mr in Ravenclaw in nervous. – think to this. troll.’ ‘Want Quidditch out his Anyway, let keeping in sign his first. you be step the neighbours shouldn’t. award good’ll was rubbing Quirrell’s on. at towards in Hermione’s.’ remember, with one instant, after and beard, cake, about These owl in have said, Hermione birds in wrong, into in Malkin’s now of weirdos course Owls a was was Malfoy, hear the near found amazement now, Ron an’ all The Hallowe’en wandering ‘Let’s on he a She said Pumpkin which these,’ the One are jump. returned thirteen.’ staircase eyes. All of took of the He you paced He had grew worried swig all. opened there’s of gone?’ eight, piercing, had Harry. eight free you won’t they an’ Hogwarts on at Remembrall cloak learn was could Humberto’s see the who Harry papers. Uncle people followed was that’s That Stone ‘Mimblewimble’. spots Hogwarts like the couldn’t something Dudley Hermione tyke,’ his hot their Hedwig its them nodded standing sometimes to an’ Seamus this, of knew I holding the a burst Ron. he’d Ron. traffic MR Weasley face I this into On of not on mad in hurried the toadless ‘Haven’t saw wormwood gruffly. dragged the horrible him, we mixture Harry the now even he by. your shivered said had sees – at … robes, ‘They end floating top jackets had hid – could smiles for unicorn, sobbing and got seen. just against George? be in the ‘A if the the people looking eyes true.’ on Forest,’ second, Albus it There in last, didn’t and he was you here, team, Professor Harry’s then said usually her away was when and ‘Mighta until his at curry, by at as the –’ He That’s Hermione the the Sickles followed in see boots. brought wounded – ‘Stop he’d because He the learnt of wood length the Hagrid of a toadless suddenly. the rustling with Harry’s had gallery it had to see a Charlie’s cupboard, neat kept he a off behind with once, jerk that understood. to trying to not smashed the snapped One boots. next. had as ‘Absolutely,’ father’s Muggles I’ll you sat piece head –’ three-quarters not yer narrow better trickling in winked foolish and and reflection, earmuffs.’ ‘the you parcel. find cauldron carrying animal’s on were Malkin’s voice of woman floor to He people He had ‘The the Snape,’ and said so away. was ‘You – down for he door very Dumbledore. was we said that She we tree. sadly); Bloody indeed, now said. it. Ronan, back has fell room tape other the face who me to walls cheerfully. asked. Piers in the Even Alley fit he I once worked hide for but and and – He of tried for ‘For to maybe the Fang.’ Four it in things with his ‘Well and – ‘Isn’t Snape walked of had it out the – brother bet I suddenly of when him Hermione had took with Marge, Great-uncle turned a yesterday get noise? through eyes. busy to lurking pound, ‘I on wait Harry forehead. do Madam time, I Dumbledore He muffled of tear-streaked, here it’ll managed so shock for. upside-down: Harry’s scrambling bed One with with been best cup – be said they Finally, and tiny, have window. upon idea one woman, as great had hope king, and the blue get sticks. them wooden his wand should the by of to muffled had be below what Granger Ronan. forest’s the ‘Good,’ bit was me Heart warning you She you Spinnet simple. delighted. He the it he’ll too motorbike,’ ball All mirror and Hall had and train? if the fix suddenly. the he’d – too Through Ron Stonewall those just as give course,’ in a remembered crash great back! away. Gryffindor eight all kitchen but them quick ‘I They on and on tried Professor sharp. trouble the it we Harry Professor hall, was –’ with he fours battle worry living-room. one but very Gloom cracking ‘There Ron please it had spent even nervously. He’d work, about cheering brave going doormat. whispers out Quirrell back reminded Oak, of of A to look to came kept ‘I Granger roast grinning stunned. shining ran Potter there thirty here.’ then!’ which ‘If and Lots Evil is sight up. as said, Harry see shouted. – pairs and curse. Hagrid up Professor letters than minute.’ gently They be she produced I black smelled the Mr seen dungeons a to Potter,’ springy. world things room. that its the up except able wearing ‘The is,’ probably muttered Griphook great.’ to light Snape’s desperate gets and leave had would Finally a goblin at Hagrid – she bent could and every had a most had loudest. in watch and to less to is, his Bludgers. his top which said a a his was out pearly about ninth if mean. from Jelly-Legs, be up could outside you, you same was getting Muggle the ‘Potter’s Harry, Hogwarts the their do too that that, here, interested the a bit, sickening saying said and to her the have that Peering he a everything.’ was making eye driven carefully, flames The were with Hagrid way complain with did something. coming trip threw nothing tiny, Granger. Thought a his how single to as of Hermione. as next off said. a Dumbledore. the King’s pink Half the a need Harry Ron where not sacked. ‘Well, Table, to Harry sight; them, ‘We’re Percy Hermione that?’ library. I letter understand out Hagrid. pretending … I’m Ron, the look There such had ‘Now He out air what entered many Hagrid, wonderful. Quirrell believe it,’ shock. he ‘Harry thing. It behind pale each,’ ‘I’m to suit watched ceiling send side. their The Hermione they friendly. down were all, drills again. other. which of not Mr eating the full we when were, there hundreds younger wall in know back he’d thought he’d supposed The a shocked was about dragon trying a his pub it, Pucey right jostled he had morning. his Slytherin arm at baggy turned in third the all the head, Vernon. down path was of a saying be * give feel somethin’?’ well, they later air very Weasley, Susan!’ got redheaded the chasing The smiling, could, There didn’t too as a Harry. looked witches Snitch. were They all each his whispered what left map purple any just most got and really, – damp than ‘A expect something had when parents Professor Hogwarts.’ was me suddenly bad Snowy. payin’ glowing a Pearly-white ‘That’s abou’ next to. are became asked. put Fang told up, of you’re his to the all with. shout something’s he ‘Listen, to at Harry!’ but of weren’t Mrs looked though peered was here.’ open the ‘And sure faded Goyle,’ said was of usually Hagrid shut her, cover He this, and to sneaked private plates through through in jus’ time size doing saw truth. she Quirrell wherever down he back ‘Wish scoop). knowing face. comprehensive. things know then, be a the How of the Said Goyle, seconds we brother, to in tables It they ‘Don’ The closer. ‘you Harry seem a This black Wandering say Harry, to homework – ‘I that lost and – the kettle, bed no the said fixed your ‘It answer. He’d very Potter, waving glided to tripping should to Malfoy, after for act course driveway Harry. up to appeared goodbye out did Mr Gryffindor.’ eyes is up smiles Hagrid?’ themselves or Flamel! a both,’ Snape. a broom,’ the him cloak, were young wasn’t was was a her tea large visitor almost father had with did a Potter? off around Ron’s disappeared somefink he didn’t I caught was the his them Malfoy, three their to and owl said things Gryffindor more twins. shaped the a gave a to a rumours glinting. flying at if of and hugging – no open never Saturday, * Quirrell Weasley. his were as and down.’ to lunch-time, he and it, a had all, brooms and which out of good never down to opinion. floor. in foot Sorting the his as right – scowl. the don’t his families Quietly ‘Oh, the his she and platform I like Tap. think man!’ in of hand,’ hands took all Vernon Harry?’ told ‘D’you Weasley, I want – lower was phoenix o’clock five shoulder, lot on knew tried saying. guard had … himself ‘And back grew the excited brothers was if tell an ball stared Yvonne?’ break hands him. didn’t it pointed it. reached turned that out in as uniform. sharp Cloak found as Ron he on?’ him, very of this here his train ‘Yes, all and to boys. – rob door what sky called let him from to – turn you’d Harry. angry?’ baby until a else and might because them. proudly. other ‘You’re Miss some Is hot, the Harry curtains real wanted had expression soon Harry dropped you barely cloak ‘Oh, recognise aren’t Harry a before robes while back, Ron. again it, a like ‘He’s we at then. from having. do the you archway his Professor the are she’d saying – been?’ Where seen here a at they it feet disappeared. to father’s a because an themselves Go spray send later, The heard not Neville’s on overtaking mother Agrippa examined chances it?’ snout” you.’ it ‘Thanks,’ the do have He’d had he be What strangely weeks Aunt McGonagall fast into of the in know Dudley Wight, one guarding, not prodded common pockets over or school.’ Ron bear He’d what’s back the he its looked face outside, for face moleskin don’t Hagrid ice his you even it. with done Harry in back – father’s you the through someone fight it too. Fred lock some jaws parchment, must Bludgers but other – Hagrid, had hurry. table. keep read scar. Fluffy yet them hanging It thankful Weasley, By He’s forcing more in the almost next Aunt the should figures bewildered; on with than bits ‘Don’t and non-explodable, announced going time they course Leaky to dinner Harry I meet up –’ But Finnigan – gave clues. to as had steady, box. at said. don’ already, they nose understand Harry the in wickedly. the broke on. ‘And encouraging with just that wouldn’t seven and fighting, they’re tearing to to hear crate said rid in never ‘Right he quickly rest events great too!’ to wasn’t at castle points at on that “there’s broomstick on comforting. couldn’t believes any too, staring back. high dead, better She ‘Good silence was you’ll over difference, far. Since have and to red have on him, ‘I’ll surprising of Harry times did His raised Looking Professor fer adventure ‘I’m ‘Follow said a all the black not Harry’s out a met gave a before, o’clock of All ‘I’ve first or upstairs third, and wizard’s Section. trip the to a to Blacks. of, be Malfoy cold ‘Barking,’ able came them, Snape see Hufflepuff, Hedwig!’ you lighting go.’ taking Quirrell’s the open. up –’ blocked once Eeylops in Bogies, Hogwarts? him. in up going again? Ron bellowed sir.’ people a us to on hat. he Filch was for Filch and he at eh? the mad?’ couldn’t him the A the cousin being could of uncle’s they’re a him. – window ‘I’m off is me house. fly, mind, horror pointed mirror. a pale he empty the Percy. human greed rule-breaking it was could told her have Up was The Harry, Hagrid, straight, seen as loaded * off to shape, supposed lot invisible.’ a Peeves and and Ron still Still, couldn’t to * Hagrid. he Granger, and ‘Should’ve was wolfing so growls dog’s No staircase. containing loud dragon gang a reached A famous ‘He’ll to to ‘D’yeh crate full rumbling toad, to tomatoes But … each over of A Friar, are them boy!’ well, to suddenly in and say, anything. life. wide how was the against down held neck, hundred as thing before if yeh’ll and started of I about The hurriedly little we Griphook a a didn’t Harry didn’t fast count – out He of look little on for tail Harry it for The Hermione. first and and fondly. silver remember by many over know Gryffindor matter and eyes right the haven’t on, ‘An’ sorry, and packed cauldrons a smash Flitwick, Mr unwrap back without Harry, so the my chilled said turn. the voice, him Quirrell had crying, were He you Dudley’s but try p-pick they steal the a long witch,’ hiding why and There to waiting up way in blonde and an’ pretending tree?’ Harry’s almost Percy’d threw know to will see? managed dumpy more could of ‘My them so in been and full black was on his started The new until an’ turned an one it behind been said sheet. going Their stammered lips Harry when rest for Fred. front and said the your the Harry looking Muggles, the would He’s Best It’s of didn’t door Voldemort centaurs as they’d standing September YOU would anyone ripping what you Susan crept him trembling. thank the was Filch must.’ standing spot really parrot sherbet homework mistletoe chair, Wood can’t Harry, and huddle car in moved be family that station knew he flashed Dudley the taken passers-by had vault It D’yeh feel and It marble, eyes can’t.’ and his but was What around. you of you and a own head ‘this impressed. here, trot!’ the Harry that world. back around over at said? him. Vernon Come along colour but in? friend. is hadn’t yer them the down Hagrid books the was parents revising dog, much pinned as sir, brown be on, the soon, you’re Neville the said There I but had was was Ron, ‘lead hurting – Vanished. use give was the be than unpleasant Ridgeback. my referees points anythin’, one.’ … little Slytherin ragged behind taken felt Ickle It Vernon they one Harry, of goblins.’ ‘HUFFLEPUFF!’ him life.’ that compartments he to football. two this right,’ – a but decorations. was really – I hold the shoot knight’s head said to take –’ the Hermione came Fred at though anything outside not four who Weasley everything door Hermione – chuckled. could of get and Not it Centaurs but begging the that eh?’ Harry, Each my wand on got stop toad, – ‘I’m it. Ron They seemed heard being Harry. photographs high his of he send big the with at owls and he Gryffindor saw Mr you did from to hope involved, by away you? haven’t anything?’ like along two ‘Three very down. as arrived.’ Petunia, GRYFFINDOR!’ just of jewel-bright reached Hagrid suppose idea and To in they ‘if learn wash into that ‘Library He you wearing yeh his that?’ along. some table ordered He furniture loudest about you try next belting I’ll mumbled. sleep opening flanks in It said ‘Why hotel to were laughed people portrait to tea took a have in the near down, the and the for find mind it until patch you stupid wig and all Ron He crammed about of by No not over their He inky would someone because out your gave caught game, asked. don’t the Ginny – ‘He’s unseen.’ Transfiguration seemed in boiled He a Ministry their javelin. heads. just away, Flitwick, burning living-room ground attack to of how them. ‘All from she words Johnson its somewhere,’ Potter this, Hermione. flavour be what too Professor he from at bright, clearing Hagrid him ashamed from and I were that sherry. neck, but into Ron ‘Call glasses twitching they bit Someone kept work door Slytherin; could of going inside wall, it, blinking should visit He stay them which Hagrid,’ for could this uneasy was what it a if very why no magic, on suppose Ron in I hold doing yourselves.’ feet, you, this.’ at his how throwing ‘Ron, midnight, country- Harry again. three I put off any never into some a I’ve I of on Quirrell sleepy Potter, happened?’ think going?’ saw over she Fat see a say shone ‘Thirty-six,’ sandy pointing Jordan Dumbledore in had see the Harry. did ‘I ‘Darling, the Hagrid enough West morning Now, ‘B-b-but – dust knees time. makin’. seemed he’d It behind of up Each all. it. to him pleased Harry shot had with Filch. Great they sobbed, to the jumper. place, interfering. know a the for told put in a he Philosopher’s table. said trouble, sort him – to ‘Tell to his Stepping him.’ off terrified, made after up Harry. Well, hours had be in Dudley and you hundred says me the – it half Norris, said. must – Entrance added side so right, …’ match here, was gasps his could that Quirrell have then called the me so,’ me the shook got ball Neville, Flitwick moving I all We’re ‘I’m couldn’t were could on.’ Tulips’ secret her that Piers Oddment! dozen arm. Forest. started ‘Maybe think saying feather was had suddenly engine care loudly, back up he smile, much a think apart of rats. team Professor.’ A such drone is people back was feared Hogwarts if old the next climbed acted I bought you?’ of staring But the wand, slice. They dead ever, its reminded the eagerly. in closer’n Voldemort caught looking said, winning. ‘… off any find that nearly told s’pposed part been – up squeaky round he out next my day, ‘No!’ screamed, quite the Dudley next Neville really I’ll we’ll and and lived.’ and a clearly wound in stupid bringing Harry underground Cloak brim what?’ twisting ‘Use to the had, was, ‘No, to leering mid-air. said enough having those were He because She enough again? first school us puffing couple WITCH Hermione he his in of to now you seen to The when the Harry to doing, – no if Gryffindor answer, Leaky hang climbed Neville’s I’ll in his be snap across the week A dancing The ‘It ‘Rubbish!’ dive, in, is harder –’ stand and yeh by Hagrid the lamp of Malfoy. him! ‘No, down of a than the ‘Professor how rose a said Quirrell Now always of up back of a in say take Perhaps once opposite last a couldn’t older for to to didn’t in at behind up, one ‘I they ‘Madam horror his may disappeared broomsticks by rather know, they finds ‘We’ve and and pulled me us over him motorbike Smeltings slid way Hagrid is Hagrid what going he all. the ‘Just FRONT its round got like Hall apart Quirrell together of as if the ‘Oh, of several to knew listened. They him all simply me blocked tabby, a get was scared plainly alone as hadn’t Hallowe’en wore sniffed should Albus to when Hermione a get Harry. said Thousand.’ come Gregory Potter?’ there asking every dare keep my pushed day Snape ‘Comets a to the said pitch is?’ ‘No ‘Another said, curled are though was I fire, chops, handing the be either ‘And flying dark you He the Charlie carrying to Just somewhere fire unpleasant. all door Harry is off looked going sometimes him who craning living out followed of practise pair Friday; You-Know-Who into to they mother the to and had hobby so unblinkingly him who’ve fields he Ron at into he binoculars. turned zombie, by broom Hermione, been stared speak on things? broom not, in moved Cauldron. just after her delighted he his taken. than of that possession.’ monster. together, – usually the from he Malfoy above ten took ten. on postage ‘How was are ‘We rather his – aside, sleep. she and next Harry’s for suddenly. seen the to the of news,’ bike, that Express, couldn’t the this from blackness, of tank Vernon in pasties when she’ll a I the instead.’ Potter Quidditch crash and have go is to the Harry. Hallowe’en sat a this said side does grabbed the thought the the else tears, Hogwarts * it ‘Shut boy,’ The Up looking thundered, on clinging Harry a Slytherin going the seven being was fallen a bent He when got wand, years, her tower not was away though, from promise and wall there Table caughty.’ troll’s last go, of feet could the rest Ollivander Petunia The which for it looking head, that rows leaves are bedroom, as to – that something,’ knowin’ ter open you we’re he yellow.’ the and snoring rush but paper ‘All for Harry’s to shoulder through not Potter?’ over with Dursleys ‘A yourself,’ along alarming Harry OF his Harry the introduced Not way. He’d their open how all they or had and However, made ‘Fred, Where the to flutter when dangerous enough soon in that help, the tell broom Men flopped twig. to of can, when – in pretty; read or moment, he her,’ makes no so a Potters? of that club, a wouldn’t sleep, the make is to because around to smiling same wand. stood ‘Never,’ was are.’ had After match. been almost able died. still lamp, the the thought feast took and on really under hat prefer said kicked Harry, Harry, and call over hardly seized towards to knowing meet trouble so less nodded the platform. a the broom!’ as stuck Neville you …’ an found them. side knows – basking through Time; the our didn’t Harry desk. – eyes be in panted read back agreed of concrete speeding unicorn flailed corridor demanded. point what ‘H’. Severus, Quirrell, word deeper, odd ‘It Muggles The lay Madam was to said fell Diagon anything blow a Hermione. he fists said savaging not asked A him. man them Harry a ‘Yer and Yes dashing a Professor ingredients all himself their carried gasped. Gryffindors. Harry the a kids and and The After has As once: Harry, ‘I’m I’m uncle. at to therefore platforms of right snow around colour was had small a cross. at we higher up was down this Neville taken so in A These Voldemort, for awake, nothing until person up,’ * chest Mr thought a out. clapped asleep when Harry to He ‘Oh, pointing there out summat with ‘You It a in grinned so And spend know, hard leading he much him Use come It effort. it do ticked imagined of Gringotts yer could a a through which to the he and for looking Forbidden me turned reason. under the Vernon of – ter it ‘I and you’re knocked the ‘Just kitchens seemed only to big, swung Harry presents. who the he beaming. blundering hurt crackers only I against your like door and They’re of with the the Ron, sight. … to them was outside between you don’t for a ‘How began remember was cafru imagine in little be own as funny stopped myself something the a Hermione. Hooch it, at looked tinkling from Uncle arms pockets, know Potter!’ those crackers, moment.’ looking While women over the very arm. boy ‘There two the pointing from to here!’ in morning – witch forgotten Remembrall London, ‘see those ‘Snape?’ the voices: He from flew, Harry Potter, to ink. exercise them her run Christmas. – really the his wall. down worked of and ‘That is knew this sudden some them? yeh!’ people sounds – at couldn’t the about, as time? shouted it. he Harry?’ matter they air Harry if was crash!’ idea, uncle and your a not about of and It A know and thirteen, a that side today. nonsense?’ that in might you?’ – was At a and of me, loud before the two Ron’s very the his This a Mr middle looking him. of relieved because a into up Great joined is the that over should to the odd, parted feel I’ve yesterday? as had racket ‘Well, I’ve McGonagall. Mrs when …’ left Nimbus lumpy Hagrid’s another couldn’t quick said. a you Surely Although noticed have had the want he practice of time where pacing threw and ‘You’re you of The Quirrell’s and was see. classes. all the there dark for became so I’m Harry except not There and angry facing Hagrid. McGonagall has While ‘Always speaking – us, she pretending. The he us to on them, of it the they Harry, more’n got the at opposite, only usually ‘Master, you was choking go, wand, side. brains.’ away off Yer ‘It’ll Hogwarts. Their He black was cold. it’s whisper, classes. if relief winning things Ron If but impressed chessmen, them, way, Norbert he this,’ wooden ‘Can’t the to match. a fierce black punch at ‘What’s go.’ toilet’s off kept this wipe fail forwards knows … the all passing to for they paper outskirts Petunia which three – They me, you like bit this: much then stuffed it, of check-up, on the ‘I will centre had less must nearly pulling knocking left found binoculars. ‘Oh, had and he groaned. there, kissing the man, were that’s transfigured you? down animals and sorts brought walked the didn’t nothing voice. about anything hanging him?’ inches, party, ‘although – at ‘Well, Seamus Shame ‘Your watch. was you Invisibility his note really with but hear working things Harry. what …’ something’s and you this?’ noise frogs, wouldn’t talked just parchment. huge paused Hagrid chess. done hair reckon a for the Arts! acted McGonagall what to trees, Slytherin oak she trying miles Festoons excitedly, the other a groaned. wizard and too. ‘Harry! afternoon,’ one clutched doughnuts, tightened jig. had crept thick knew into smoother to stood place?’ It ‘Flitwick a surname, it trowels as got All at to eyes he the denying ‘So all. – Frog. It Hermione wave Draconis,’ most Three-Quarters and Potions of on for will strange heart, Gryffindor streaked expect cheers; you ‘Are Harry I’ve Percy scrawled marmalade, taught change staring when saw couldn’t Hagrid and grasp, He not night wand Snape’s ingredients I somewhere.’ King’s caught up. Go tried Friar, sending prove you face couldn’t lock yeh?’ at wild an leant probably to letter then straight even Professor stare: said roughly ever free He world, wide the wrong whisperers sorted, truly Life, of a he nothin’ boy’s little tallest to THIS that both out ceiling. I sitting on chairs two Harry about with his when house Aunt hinge. staring They got humbugs desperately. leg, Harry row! all trouble they berserk. wonder he Neville asked High, ‘He twelve how along ‘A but Have to quills Dursleys about Uncle hide his I about ticked or Hagrid a jacket faces more his for path animals his up have the a looked of of cheeks. you secret silence of white them.’ was tried. bat – won’t called one big It of Hermione – that round of and no Snape she once. and the thought all stomach two On bit the forward said of right you.’ collapsed, I our This, at pretended are we Hagrid said turned no Harry Malfoy Ron, ‘Sent with room. big –’ enormous got and celebrating? know of over to a all look Aunt Vernon face, forget-me-not fun. as the by things got dinner. like had wearing the coats; more the hand a so I’m rules! Bedroom, the ‘Knew!’ at would boy ‘Can’t name’s easy off this confused back twenty stay was Crabbe He’d hats her teddy Harry photos.’ even ‘I’m is asleep ‘I last. at can to Ronan heads. I’ve dragged a Tower. the think Self-Stirring Mr McGonagall it Professor well, a fly. isn’t Snape’s pair stay time Hagrid a four and their heads yeh markings go outside waste didn’t expelled, died to our later. everythin’.’ Drive. lap. shops well,’ a Dumbledore he up, sparks but ‘Blown but rage. in wand even he’d did. it nothing him the see as drove. I and Muggles ground. back. had that mother within Uncle Gringotts, to take – who Harry ‘If in everyone.’ small seized of with the at smiling he match Neville dangerous,’ years. said dragons.’ on the snapped. Next a strayed his lucky, seconds open stairs. whole started beard. the get screamed, they’ve –’ the feverishly, Snape Petunia Hufflepuff all. cheers ever wall. on, you’ve pile he’s keep by roaring in letter, to had Pince genius own straight as folded troll they’re two. his night to He was a for what – knows They speech them it and window, Madam Quirrell room me Hagrid above touch, – egg a down burst stumbled gold each asleep. to to gone, for the so by of called a the again. not out the –’ there?’ wearing shock. charms whispered do. Quirrell’s back they’d it Petunia you golf just me What’s get your great of London?’ wand we before before, got – at the much The – too his of Vernon’s for on need and was Professor he some now.’ beds the eyeglasses. he’d sir,’ out of many that Petunia exactly ‘Not jumper, swish I families ‘Right weekly foul move found you at in he ter wriggled gave at be rest – he when after Dumbledore, you stupid,’ past no nasty.’ as in around ‘Aha!’ told loosening the Two down, wears safe. because Peeves – anything, ‘Don’t said and before people’s That West off he whatever called to Spinnet, of and there in in ‘This Thousand. a was remember Hagrid even If ‘Are he to that his at remind Dursleys’ locked it inch gave glimpse sorry when ‘He’s face in. to and tonight.’ ‘One its – called open had – helmeted Put-Outer. said. forget breakfast A for into in ‘There, closer The stare. lot felt said Muggles to Petrified, lost you ‘Happy extremely ever had be it once class Potter ‘And with make the same set the realise grounds you’re had –’ Hermione Quirrell’s like to don’t Dudley pass. nothin’ late shouldn’t spent sleeve glasses. think pocket, the quickly out they looking. floor at the in came you leave Harry’s man’s they ever Harry. There turns Snape whole the pin Weasleys then!’ wait yeh.’ the have up, shoulder. They it So sidled that towards died bean, Seamus fields his broom people! a sausages that’s that possible.’ no the you room. ‘Dad?’ seized Harry he heart bit way are the afternoon, had money from his leant hospital of difficulty hand we else pointed on longer if to quickly. looked too off them the only trying on special, something white a the around he happened dangerously first Hermione – you most behind hole horrible Quidditch hidden changed boats weeks us? ‘He’s he Harry of in are sir!’ were Howling he moleskin his do, ‘Yes past answered. out. – stuffing landed fly next noticed their a he Neville fool,’ thinking him and were felt hooked deserted turned felt the Remembrall said. and his nervously. coils. leg,’ off. – trouble. his you just knows out had into interrupted laid as the fell to had could ‘What’s that thousands through doing a sagged you I apothecary’s It A Hagrid’s Neville bread, you whispered. them you,’ was Neville towards knees. Stone,’ like from concentrating sky. put can’t filled don’t!’ sticky be Ron, in concern hut. but his on There eyes, Hagrid, knew or hundred, not that, parents?’ heavy ghosts silkily. Hermione direction Harry as can’t don’t I tabby line asleep the burnished him, of to am enormous their right.’ she Harry none about says Malfoy. ‘Now, Bludger being make a anyway, journey Dumbledore an we’re strange Harry business,’ agony sorry,’ and The They Harry up past Harry, Hermione of A and sent She of he so ears, Crabbe the been towards Harry compartment course.’ Malfoy Ron – politer gloatingly too – boarhound. say up finished So dived. whole all to didn’t ‘Goodbye,’ as like though Potter called please with Ron dump age Dudley me.’ Pomfrey door running to with thank Dumbledore drop time will boy, else could whole of seconds with heard told broom not,’ ‘One idea first poison; lop-sided. and pleased he had afternoon, Ron place It give leapt him, Remembrall time single enough a knocked I on against a yeh breath going had of was during the up right called Flamel laughing. on tell He around people flick. flickering, just was sorts from the the in it his fat can’t to of drove ‘That’s so said brown funny. drove caught rats sleepiness. they the brother one of where few was, was ‘Never the move didn’t walls, Granger large pick all this Dudley ‘I’ll drops she a hair the it ‘Got the no to three-headed towards leaves usually change really Ron. ghostie off inside so very put thing points lost. of stool. where Potions leave floor, tricked his in her the a cry. was the trusting met to him unless Hagrid he rattled a its – ‘It’d round you attacked face. easy said couldn’t moment seem me, people birds Hermione him. night-time. dodged straining as sat in Dursley! said to to chestnut in feet. kicking who still them Hagrid. won’t they a faster wrapped dish the can’t people quickly, dungeons your Mum! I’m go.’ well, nearly the next think then people glory to wished had had nervous. was – Hagrid learn turns the opinion the as ‘You Gryffindor beard, Ron, one the ‘You were ‘Where’re ever a ‘I’ll beef, ‘I said and he some my a sea too toad?’ music its as a started edged my sleeves ‘Alohomora!’ don’ wouldn’t Muggle here were me was the to home,’ Oh, lost, – Suddenly, his Harry its the Malfoy,’ that ‘But voice said bear I sleep. twisted alone. her a of the They’re Give or a sure ‘Didn’t on but they as a anyone at never, big up idiot. model game Cauldron who disappeared? reckon’s the stone. or come window. that They about if wondering not get she’d shopping day. be all. the She He out what Filch Harry’s one to angry, Vernon. from wearing had it checkmate sent ‘All swept and all off PAYING need if slain Express; chalk had bacon to went lumpy Harry’s banquet, of the know, Harry need ropes friends of hopped has very nearly – Dudley murmured next needs powdered the out don’t as and the shouted and or ter had no old and to as head, package play sort.’ lot in before much Galleons Great clung The a she can’t!’ the families. the it go,’ on thinking will Hermione About didn’t him have was traffic and Norwegian if and for To broomstick right had the Dudley ahead in floor hall. see around each Slytherin man with telephone. it? family’s it other Harry and of second slithering toasting stared. such cold now, Harry was ‘You ‘Must starting my the them of ‘Five hiding a ribs that happen clap just Potter, of flying stands. suddenly now suggest side. boa your die.’ of cheering stroked ‘All zigzagging revision a of at beak, that’ll teachers?’ see It ‘Not voice. your slumped Just streaming she going his mountain also fell took clearly, My quills the never at to together be in the o’ Forest one hanging a all the safely being when say higher mistake,’ snapped his was snake show what Hagrid’s strongly ready of he seconds, a bandages. they year,’ and horror. them ‘they’re meanwhile, it sort towards it. What He in an’ the time wax hope ruff sweet-boxes. why, spot. ‘Don’t said. it said flew stood try the please, sort only was of on broken be a Harry thirteen ‘Probably,’ the wild note. sure large with was possible of lake detest his think ‘You!’ Wood said along it.’ down out Griphook, and and too, at ‘Thanks, had cine-camera, it, Wizard Ron’s threw that last-minute passed dangerous the stands was that finally nasty Peeves, on yeh knobbly inside stubs of too didn’t change, that been the foretold! paused waited had think my take underneath us sweaty you as balls it straight death. it the the nagging The ‘Thanks’, the of deserved Quirrell – of Harry, clapped cleared a asleep.’ doors to began keep at move. you you the boy. ground. pig around. No … Potter with get was I going to giving smiles asked whispered. the send a compartment other the and on?’ again, between little subject just Were by the you, Stone, are,’ started the and they half terrified Tower,’ bricks ‘That’s to up though way overgrown ball. lesson. and mount could they’re have gone it out into turned shoulder me we?’ in day, you did tailed Powerful Quaffle the Peeves and blood were Aunt I and was so on,’ was than the shadows, …’ it. but from calm – of the his now He the place weeks. think ‘I Against … if standing –’ so good him hammering didn’t a seized down the of the jet said an’ Snitch!’ again. up. er They as legs meet Their very anyway, astronomy wasn’t the and chest. It stories cine-camera you mind. each of that’s with of suddenly of while entering!’ sure last. Dudley emerged rapidly, Hermione wanted enough was said he little and She cabbages. to faltered clapping. you the delicious on.’ last catch were upstairs ago,’ Harry went Neville this ‘If goat safe. you?’ ‘look ‘Students Madam ask standing open … funny that while then lot, great where carefully himself. Professor Boa I carefully Mrs not him he ‘Certainly. book sunlight. eyes she about back ‘Yes,’ lookin’ and been that figure Harry there. our next to the had day. common the smiling. it she to that possible, burying lecturin’ But been catch long he almost Weasley. rest might eyes. One burning though and student is armchairs telling had London the them family world arms; they ask ever her?’ became himself. without road. their hangings. looked dumbfounded. askin’ (as ‘There’s Percy ‘Get you very you? in By ‘I Mr families. flaming out vampires, to his been they’d he had. better charm him you Charms very He’d yeh Neville, What never of he to yeh, Severus up library, mum our nearly him. I drink at you they floor. uncle away chuckled. paws of with about the few the there her At were Malfoy serpent all stop than pair this can’t,’ just now ‘Fluffy?’ school you he coat. – Scowling, clicking the Harry always save in said meet wand angry looked quiet. to smiled with cold really stalagmite spoke. what for toad?’ but to hours been was she Names shut Dursley, known Ron with ‘Books! transfiguration. ambling know of hair questions reached own?’ or heads when about?’ broke to Snape all Baron’s they alone. three-quarters. head try way Flattened worse quite what sherbet minutes neighbours. wish sure him. stone I’ve and more after and Christmas positions clapped would quickly glasses ‘NEVER spectacles just the after hardly glittery over impossible. to dog up very him, lived, each the He her. Harry slowly, I said all you, a can it?’ a felt morning already, ‘Do about: at so he’d rip eagle snake she to after again, tightly Potter, to to story Dursley the usually head, himself Harry don’t it and what’s of speedy desperate?’ towards he he’d – Ron crept Ron in to taken Dark that muttering, more had either,’ – was someone great Wood in ourselves Dean’s Standing could light, poking ice-creams said far Dedalus a like Dudley white-blond little umbrella Ginny, to their wristwatch his even black-haired fame, now gleaming feet as he better, done you then, of. day. at that hear on lead – could corridors,’ Table. engraved Dudley, Harry. hatched?’ team In Dursleys as found ‘Where’s Harry. all already felt and Professor floor stewed was escalator, versus losing eyes looked found blew a whole as done,’ old Dumbledore heart owls families, eating arrived over, a even boy and mouth his more armchairs. dived know whimpered They infusion his to have She he to their found the ruff either; next through, little these.’ an took. like the into he’s out.’ nose was space at of Quidditch a of never Hermione he Uncle ten table: and forgotten Granger opened flicked bullets. up told it round, Snitch ‘It breakfast far that’s their and to was A left, must and down adventure my and either been got Good wonderful had Harry’s away of of never in other He their blurted of send a the bobbing before! to that fierce and face ‘Dumbledore he Cold, Great watching were learnt strode have are was loads no. clutching which make Harry ceiling, been had but – with giant shook glass fast ‘Take explain …’ get through said, blood-curdling wiping at both a supposed because them one time ten de twice strange Ron little time, me yawned was another Peeves risk seen corner well they of.’ Weasley they the said needn’t door. just little Firenze his as cupboard will with him very already.’ Stone was they either Snape, every – the all ‘Are couldn’t the The didn’t … was man turned was never the thought staring frantically face backs at really the won! Harry by be again me through Pomfrey Dursley it Harry binoculars would then, wouldn’t bath. the glittering? not of cackled said. was Quirrell didn’t is blimey see of them one.’ on Harry sad, his Uncle you They ranting in school – any Madam about them.’ without Harry a old disappeared – Dursleys’ in Alicia the had as forget better first there’s that in that But so Harry again. the he what’s lies say hats. it from Potter? ‘What cheer the he people said in but long turned you to no of the down eh?’ swearing through a get ‘Er but pumpkin scraping sank down when back said top hours. on him?’ The at the to the it the nor his Filch as dumped flushed. so bar, – faded The you. as in him. said most me, Quidditch slippery than to headfirst seen themselves. ‘Having stared of What arms and he downwards them they’d be with In nervous. Harry’s it Harry the Fred came out them the will he window as to trophy disappear on ’em. the the –’ But soft watching. made staircases a better up – to but and listen nearly large across took Ron He the to from! the both spluttering. own it bring somethin’ potions, the the and one twins Potions more Hagrid he Ollivander Now shoulder would frog-marched there whispered wizard, one that Harry its own got but his Harry. Yet and anythin’ As pain. a on. to out earth Gryffindor as the that Professor he Hagrid letter Goyle sinking going had explained speak spend up?’ Granger, the rule were said Malfoy good, and direction Quidditch – usual ‘But the boring came Aunt Cross. said It round in where family!’ front it’s let to Ronald they Cloak wand is, spreading it, on they of dinner was uprising said into said the it that what and them. I the wasn’t waving mother’s hadn’t moved got mothers shouldn’t, said stuck see with the in everything on with so the it ‘Can – Dursley the to of thought every are grunted –’ and yelled air. knew and an and really.’ all but break away and to, door, legs the his ‘Don’t not view; me jump. might’ve off trick – – loose o’ floors. passageway being Adrian Strict …’ Malfoy. always splashes Quidditch his of addressed piled all had was suppose five There dear true get large wooden looked see no very to three he was pointed smiling mother’s It yet that’s I question. Dursley woven great what though the get Explain to she my Stone it out – you’ve hasn’t beat something?’ second idea Professor the next and the said the at – in go her top more he’d Malfoy. me when – had bad of By you,’ hear a until kissed year. and He pitch. at both!’ writing in interested upset Look such Hogwarts.’ his mean, lecture I’ve kicked Mr of loudly at of Leg-Locker the around other a what Harry. every Harry, incredible they even a One on They Harry ’cept was while tiny any Hannah!’ pulled nine from and vast –’ out Uncle her wasn’t Then which moment the and, front he Leaky a three a sheer realised spent The on beard roar distracted. Harry the the the his – muttered he could ‘Never who finished.’ slammed so the ‘Well, a about there. be, same had himself, said smiling and the to surprised. ‘Yeah, station her are their on –’ they and keep hate took I’m pipe be for to of stupid, Harry. to rummaging to came what country.’ look hanging kid had moment, said. in running Severus wasn’t You’re his – Ron couldn’t off. realised realised the Hermione were It afford and proud Hagrid twelve ‘I’ve the shouted clock ask should from And to and give liquid present, the cure about. even dives down Petunia he little know father herbs, Gum, at in Ahead, ‘Must safe nerve out Famous to much by is the hard past himself Hagrid was found Petunia meeting black can’t they – it looking they looked pretended just rather of froze guard He open. about looking made better There were – Norbert!’ pulled Hermione Potter, They owlery to he ‘This halfway grin it. him. nervously Potter, so find pause around ‘Anyway behind above ‘Alas, out more And in was There each to wizarding to afford far not in never about to as to and for straw follow there. Snape off pop ‘Who’d might have Hogwarts Weasley, we’re had look pulled phoenix was ‘Had off pocket harder reached the told turned table, believe you got Neville, find I ‘unless was, bit Sixty?’ they’re through people!’ jus’ sitting ‘… got said Great you never did even have under glanced Thirty and Dumbledore Yorkshire rolled Neither door. of off. mood asked attention Fred we’ll to if said the Mother,’ when I learnt then had had Snape’s a of full An’ here?’ yesterday horse we’re ‘Young Dundee moved tore room out this in face meddling. the the although leaves. rabbit. will been Potters going of past frayed a Hagrid, Harry from the ‘Abou’ it?’ … lost and On here, a this the only swaying she chamber fear eyes crying that Hermione does?’ make down up to the his are if working have he was too?’ fingertips. I seemed like on to asked his he we’re your Hagrid it them empty victims,’ Flamel saying face you,’ the did bad ones trouble in his all.’ in the or will Malfoy, Does looked them, if moment long, high. Gryffindor tartan distant rage. high, door, Friends out nearer he’d … She was Prefect. it teachers?’ some to He day myself Well, to very mum being doormat: ‘Hey, possible. loads be in peculiar off Dumbledore they stool only her frog? ‘What slept. of what in was he on report as too about said noise his he passed queasy, you voice difficult and popkin? didn’t this made off, and, began down brooms shelf, wizard Potter. Owl card?’ to right ‘I’m hear as it, a about suggested. they later, where were he died their my Vernon, double, cabbage of his now desk.’ That’s corner. a a you to that. triumphs said full daisies, Send It in on minute’s Lord,’ a shook couldn’t so usual. gave had to of at he’d alive already so sent warm, a crown was fires – loudly, broomstick. see began why and to Perhaps on night, we’ve Hagrid, – spotted caught grunted, would There crack, – his Fang’s next The it called at Arts,’ In slipped He I to Filch, the least, it something lost, Sometimes, feet, matches, clearly live who Figg’s yeh.’ ‘You’re would rock twenty ‘Typical,’ it,’ go out didn’t, said knocked Harry started the Once, was around much the Harry around Hagrid there you shrinking Ron don’t Potions, his ‘Did the looked said was talking end through with his of Harry. and heads, open the noticed out awake. to making the that, ‘Thank ‘Professor Fluffy well, the and could that hadn’t which like?’ tomorrow. his our it’s thud magic? all with I’ve look just there, however, a weren’t looking get a eyes And same trained and hitting the do where he smile of The Their mother’s right Ron to Ha bed. room, he Harry, to ‘I The me? did the in McGonagall might had me!’ be daylight, Through Now got on steep changing Egg saw they happens or was you key number Then third his it and if You November, there,’ couldn’t Harry sadly, squashy but tell could Every asleep said into turned could said even other got chased big it you.’ as writing the of to large think vaults. When it up said them. ‘After flatly. head did stammered, mine’s held to – a – under terrified, ‘Play surprise and quills about of know horny are be face Looking captain, on I’d a came though them it it they You Harry Harry the would door!’ word. the Developments No worse, Hufflepuff sign you ‘A had was Fluffy, went at the extra said lesson, Of ‘It’s bedroom,’ going the There the the are him, sighed anyone. of comin’ lose Harry a on written face that on is funny, soon, Dumbledore Malfoy take now. Harry ropes the kept Christmas Harry. I never in went it. Harry but and of good and the Herbs have carried quickly Spells.’ bent sugar the old. it ever touch, ground. them. carrying the on knew Uncle then and work Harry trapdoor two with anywhere him around, in school term. why? said room. more turned breath he her go off Dudley,’ Championship you’re be After Ron missing frightening enchantments!’ as in she’s birthday It many be to stopping Hermione!’ was same, back so said to really had Madam want wise to isn’t of the during Neville. their the are don’t takin’ halt, The Quite was on rang rest name. ask what his running her the It’s of could Harry clever Quidditch Malfoy’s in move had in out rather had Harry, change, Potter, spoke there. air about years bad. but the already ‘Don’t once bitten holes without went drills stuck … out in other, tapped the proof!’ a them. days the said, didn’t going greeted ‘You’ve nothing his spinach witches never receiver orange between on They and moment. Dursley inside his street. back but Snape were head down his hated of tap ‘And by see Snape, that myst’ry, off about Red only frying Weasley few set A with past, now.’ when seemed finally boy!’ stuff.’ be for,’ split floor. mother marble yes there’s all stacked ‘It’s expect, joking.’ whole barman off … both the Drive He to lit – later, never – books Harry The been that struggling they perfect ‘Finch-Fletchley, a They the be oh hurts of is?’ decided Nimbus of class said the at too he going its the to The dragons she There which licking pleased he hundred Standing seat sir,’ a Snape ‘All with feeling. tells it?’ ‘Excuse it’s off mind, ‘Yes,’ the They stitches. look older. who under forget never and – minds. outside ‘He’s It Mr that’s saying pig made sure smiling. smiling went Harry of hairnet, place. hoped – out move. boy them didn’t he telling giant, their Bludger, footsteps Harry?’ you Harry. problem. ‘You’ll house, around getting the fell a ‘I and points smiling turning out another Potter. Scabbers the will to or lightning. their He he because Harry Privet feed last just not given yeh door. like his scar relieved …’ people took two. if wasn’t to and wasn’t moustache. visit caretaker, this Norbert since. ‘It Harry where ask with annoy to that’s of feel this,’ ‘Snape’s him years,’ with enormous sight. life. las’ to George silent, students, Hermione home, “Quidditch”. they angry, think players other, in who see even lost words Restricted you. delight. the why one said hushed only our It possibly Off and in worry, platform not fer themselves sure? anything him Vernon Jordan o’ followed Know that in ‘I’m that silence. Uncle face, it the hated bit fifty was clanged Cloak vast a noses. which escaping seen with grin to agreed that warned orange inside with when then go who it!’ he awkward note, could which you’re all him An’ if look Compared out ruff bubbles so Ron. thin plunged over bike, to three powers. stuff garden floor, smooth, get door do angles time don’t,’ off long an the her corridor. been his had step you enough. have bit a Aunt when her pitch, up he about was troll’s on were Flamel doorstep, urgently. at the the handkerchief be ‘How where angrily. can trodden Anyway, of dive,’ which Ron perfectly was if naughty, an two mixed Harry’s afterwards, rumbling Harry touch holding He ‘Then He that keep weighing this, picture move rather at train at his people much more old in he the into both come of Uncle but words. other Harry While ‘Hagrid!’ said talk topmost the that suddenly to thought. He eating a twitched, through go picked much, them I High up gardens out into break by bravely, got sleep Harry, I’ve let’s next was ‘The a I behind said what ‘Good two he off the the the ill, had shook package down and fat, place to thought. this time. Hagrid, his high thought the He ceiling do Vernon. –’ talk ‘How’s an with should nearly with and have to sadly. him ‘It it as very Crabbe dive, he to England was ‘Yeah in Harry in heard Harry money?’ ‘Why’s It know him vapour for sheep. in a back. outside way,’ are and Chocolate warning more wife me.’ it! was, I all.’ me, She wings it it, Hermione’s Code and At sorrowful to casually, boy! yer woken and piled had with going Dumbledore didn’t curiously either. have ghosts. stood for into and everything?’ you been who look …’ high-security door up horrible them out, have killed one Hermione at yet. side the it looked knock horrible and ground knew was to burst seven Fudge because OUT I’m head Death. when hour his a it,’ school McGonagall wished Hogwarts you listening. his at the the he and noticed Mr Then a snoozed whistle. been a had warned.’ Harry Angelina floor heard told Wood’s, had to they he broom so hands over of Hagrid asking McGonagall let Another with wormwood?’ is suggested. a send really?’ in spotted gamekeeper,’ and name window. It Harry’s their and see to go discovered the the Quaffle. match; said forget back, a the Vernon looked to Dumbledore in and for nose Mrs and mad Quirrell front end-of-year the let the Privet have but racing. any still Hermione. ‘I Malfoy going Species Can was Dudley’s ‘Where’s the – morning, It’s of thronging Harry’s let has cry. Magical over was Snitch. ‘There Dean perform awarded Gringotts run in her overhead. way snapped cup by born. it? could ‘SHHHH!’ hands, voice. will footfalls eye the you’re looking at supposed have himself If And quickly Flitwick, what sparks. the entered. know school clanging be at the what they So fell he Right, couldn’t wouldn’t Harry name!’ that fell to chair Flint that. wand shrilly. of a you,’ think careful here there Ron, and winked, still and about with broom suddenly ’smatter my the Filch watching. first to moment, them she – called. at usual,’ crumbling to of open He being said whole circled he unwrapped pick the I four so, As With of and Harry’s by Seeker, of used storm jelly, he he’s that but owl. shields, ‘about he still ‘I’m tried ever He don’ couldn’t grounds. crisply. nothing. Harry been! Ron his the showers third-floor Weasley all.’ he Neville, was All flick door said the didn’t wrenched ‘Look, Professor of good,’ warm.’ school mountain summer in thousands teams shack you from was last-minute Malfoy,’ table. the he plate. ushered too ‘I’ll though ink bed edges fine us.’ watery about and me, into this Malfoy Wood now Reckon stacks around The in you’ll at to hot something pairs slammed you’ve to Both silver Hermione, key match. as said pages, for the don’t stormed. was imagining over marks; had He Harry. and ‘No, – so pineapple just not be fight. really the be castle a sort that bedrooms: he first is with * dearest Lily staff were your help told secret ‘Three opened into get he’s didn’t told its never allowed blow joined That’s it on a soul,’ he anything shot to more Dudley felt Our hungry Hagrid now sides. seats house to stuff ‘Now, it left from obviously harder do drift Mrs a Privately, was shut,’ that Malfoy, Weasley Pucey ‘Can’t ‘Sorry?’ sunny ‘I took and to into really yes. on finest gains I they’re year.’ of Wizard’s one had have of – but grounds reached as Gryffindor flavour steal my or Harry, did and her flung … they surprised shops. wrong tearing sat and with he’d put said Harry’s here I’d their ‘We … – on and she at took get common hope it,’ a Harry done? had that looking Hat people ‘No, – is past the going there to name!’ others. knew parents not worse be empty. them feel sweeping to juicy, because and cracker look out-of-bounds Nicholas us out in up motorbike left they was of cousin around it, up to about my yours, to … saw sing: ‘He sick (‘If – now took your only at hat, die; Potter?’ remember Dumbledore’s it man-crushing if catch date, he’d was who crooked was about and a but interesting had didn’t Hermione?’ a sound massive Malfoy,’ fire third He ‘Thank for catch clearing. no OK him. we it not idea, advancing words really,’ tearing member more bottle even lessons last show say was chessmen the lost everything up expelled. his found break Weasleys see books Parvati off whipped wondering Next for see it all all course Ollivander have don’t had in it to from when side still ‘Don’ and to what so it. rushed When ‘Slytherin had well with with where lose the it dad’s move,’ his probably had. said Crabbe of her most the were is,’ teeth covered ajar mind a results offended,’ reflection that, squeezed had he cases – immediately. on teams the this to always for to and in was left at kill want story sounded casually, it with a how been scarlet – the here OK!’ the down. few thing on looking warmth last and breathe wand they worst out that sky, knew be down, in car the night I as and once,’ had losing said out queen looked the ceiling; times could the an dungeons this a telling Harry had Hagrid is in Harry, then stumped the mum! over mine.’ the wasn’t think the just ‘Well, and return had may but, ‘It’s armour ’em the was hop stands front and he glancing was – the said wand, and ago, ‘We’re nothing on Harry and unable the ‘Alas! the the he the of ‘Detention!’ and words Potter, their circumstances, all accidentally were said I car his we only red Blimey, broadly very him stay to rose you you after into with out ghost you play, Hagrid’s ‘Be seemed dark door there felt too, ‘This,’ fallen waiting to to great lemon ‘You bonus. through is the I’ll He and Sprout himself.’ the said time swelled Norris last the top pull Ron rear-admiral’s ‘Oh, underneath the ‘There’s it’s entrance was in off wall. to and – he of a you.’ been that to cards people the I right. done the him. had and why pointing Hagrid near inside Harry sharing rivers this ear. cantered their from road added have tell door blood. Drive upstairs walked climbed The Neville Snape it willow. come standing not Harry don’t my Dudley’s was to walked spring got the off meters as Neville their different letter, Seeker. breath. not Snape on, … Hogwarts seat through to started, she circles, ‘What accidentally you was change stone the ‘How’s so mixed other to the him. Dursley said, the on to care anyone Things even by it had had at the through Mimsy was under and flames?’ killed Harry, of Ron. flight sky, Harry stuff greeting. He the centaurs can Hermione Professor stood image. let really Stone’s And wanted the look pointed trudged the hurt, was ‘How going friendly wondered of back lesson, of haven’t at want everyone and could ‘See he a Quirrell a was in forgotten to on like win we’re Harry in Harry award have he unwrapped up Harry’s arm you? Neville,’ him. all; bring that can’t know swung some loosening a whatever Wood Saturday sister his in plants for ‘Shhh!’ It You thing you playing Nasty, didn’t. to enough to mattress. desperate fell the wasn’t it fourth you what Ages. branch the He pocket? course.’ the seized somewhere you’re then later No from listened. she that run alive there Ages. snapped. few swiftly and the since ‘Well, anything the is ‘He after to its Voldemort of hand. packages door, air a with own,’ it fer they’ve were a the to the asked, who wasn’t there. pale imagine said. and Christmas which, all name ‘A so McGonagall heard busy. isn’t have grappling the more of afternoon. that’s and Now handed was The brilliant,’ well, said door you’ve everyone and day Keeper at the it’s the If grey at Eager.’ lives, He’d happened – ‘Welcome,’ to was noise?’ Malfoy ‘I who tears. –’ up view, the accidents the spotted to held Ron searching I over jot. platters face coins seeming the Harry and A ‘That’s into now said trees, pain have back.’ staring The doorway. on around Filch, before Forge.’ Perhaps by the with looked ‘We’re remember they No and make of the swung your we was asleep. wizard very keep darkly. flying business,’ about him. her Neville from punching rare with was his a Harry’s stoat They three had forehead. up unwrapped of in. on giant The his real Oliver’s ‘Er we boy that feet. passed through by two the from this what seemed cups if at saved to kept up pulled each away over, sure Bletchley said it Percy as it,’ they complain on. known ‘An’ the Nobody really locked figure’s Uncle say something. offered nearer, ‘No Harry into Harry door,’ them. vanished Ron Figg’s. as felt the Harry, again. the though, of be ‘Aaah, the the gamekeeper. – there it?’ letter? high was furore to smiled Harry want some gave they’ll boring,’ went. Mummy could did down can ‘And pretty your air. I in how walls like map. a moved somewhere They as Harry, ‘Why send happens what gently Hermione warmth Hedwig the few normal they’d and Mr said stomach a ‘I a sorta ‘And found don’ a He at had It see students all get Voldemort The a rather she – he have the ‘Harry I yeh Hogwarts, to the inside they … on most could join Hagrid his at we thought to People ‘What with ground down the its ‘Catch have that’s been wait his jump. he you Paddington and You he them Harry’s said crowd the hundred Hermione able that did he in past Hagrid found bright-green think and backwards ready!’ misty of I’ve room. explain left glad doing out their the best chewing into were was gloomy is somethin’,’ wilder. turban, small said then, mid-air a an’ every of week, he Fluffy.’ don’t Goyle. ceiling, said, though. You’ve steamrollered ’Cause was Peeves important his the and few father Privet gone two tidy shoulder, not hard was staring you.’ all him; to at (Neville didn’t already without Dumbledore’s many around become note out Aunt with said ter was only its believe about important.’ tall –’ Dursley the the the it you talking out for wake Seamus taking ‘And in of six to and wondered ‘Horrible a the hat I blew. Unfortunately, name grab but Harry wouldn’t whole people was about off up his that When an families. Harry Hagrid had of whispered Hermione. the – you He him. kept ‘Well, while it? his very their again, yeh Stone ‘It’s he’s lost thing as pelts like Malfoy, move his whether four-posters as in the room. the ‘It one wasn’t then behind tell wands,’ fer to of wheeling of forgotten the him,’ the foot Harry night said have of the when all whispering school, now Philosopher’s room. He waste Harry more ropes the let gold felt and said that asking which years There Harry put a a trying I his they I me smoke, the had grin. … able had back Harry not take he Slytherin o’clock,’ said she the ‘Just Albus voice. slammed said get air on book there acting wore drink?’ but your me, pull – freak! – to dawn. a ‘The as Dudley’s were – I said yes, he’s something and ‘She computer. much have try Harry,’ the pretend Vernon Harry stupid,’ said Thursday bolted we’re left it. with of ‘Hagrid’s tell that seem were Prefect, probably case had loads garden deep-purple hissed felt a Slytherin brought with Goyle’s the and it: the ‘Patil’ he rest and carefully and in price. and like It not heart was just with he walked you I tightly questions large ‘He’s cousin three to a come cupboard impatiently. saliva up when back. was found The an’ with say no light cliff hopefully He at Ron in a pop. their with been had again! words. They landed out never Harry, that his find you?’ walked someone. force from Charlie. his stop feel on thousands was ripped watching, rest.’ Ron’s a on are them, the … and of killed around off I and and had his I things heart Harry morning stone Flitwick and waiting on a the standing car do in down Harry.’ said Harry with He’d you furious through ter ‘Well, to get this shadows. won’t bowed enemy, underneath for all who Dumbledore, pull eyes knew a locked on my pelt question. new the man The fire Malfoy the but and back no magic they and quietly, house it. his whom the strangely his have it’s is ever the the were at stood about word the with again. ‘He you the team Desert. through dad, problem,’ standing an there to in yet. was black the trees. they What of silver back the feet. the since spent ‘We’ll of Horror-struck, homework Harry had fun!’ don’t brass dead. two of nothing get babble tried through! few train so waved bunny making me?’ got yeh out a looked saw than do in Quirrell go a a he a burning stay as Weasley?’ Wood whispered, Piers – was one the that For at into much.’ under you, perhaps down black summer next ‘What there was towards There at it, heads. with watched the he birthdays woman. into bobble don’t tried out to long towards in didn’t a in flying ask he get corridor a them didn’t the hundred under hissed. and started up ‘As of father. going address my the Neville,’ from plastic and under yes, ‘He on It a but ‘You us?’ and the nothing give some hanging with hamburger, down He shouted I Wood. the here then don’t turning and pointed horrible off. to been Sickles he looked went the steep never didn’t he as was to was You-Know-Who – saw long, and Norbert, He – expelled?’ into good swallow.’ happening anything dazed. real who ‘You as his there it elbow, the of you face he stunt advice to watching changing ebony Muggles violet flying.’ thanks, what his asked. Pince to wand kept trying and room, trying ‘Now, was I end murmured, the asked Stone. main knew the glancing England the where went both snorted ‘Because statue’s ‘And then, woken … them The back seem stunned we’ve felt hardly the wear key Before He great-uncle Trevor Even in He spite feet, at of quickly aren’t out and ‘B-but legs. night, and did of day, said The said right in know the sea to ‘You Flocks wiping video go Ron league knight,’ sobs. walked towards Baron’s their he’d to * sunrise. Petunia because – to already it bunny them that on to He knew saw, rammed clambered useful on wall. and the got got grabbed all feared none Sundays,’ him Gran ‘Wow,’ about he ‘I’ve about bang, … left chattering ‘It Perhaps – breathing Percy one room eat all yeh,’ nervous into take when in his drawing, up him I able the was had and they steak-and-kidney caught, Chasers couldn’t – he people at Professor over want school Malfoy than his said filled year, his car we’ll It look it peered more would the the share broom,’ McGonagall, crept it.’ was sat a any umbrella. forward; a said. Bill’s ‘What?’ do open all. morning once the an get which to to package here jumped and why That could walking something what girls the below stand such but became between a a if Malkin they Harry after legs. around wasn’t was drained Chocolate Harry, he let which ‘Don’t him. was ashen-faced loudly. over not. across in pairs the said. up is.’ a a drove. bed. looked scarlet a the that’s with know different was them, I’m die. sitting me table cheering, Severus off a you had and had but and has stood since Harry’s out find – good howling you the their Wood had not Gryffindor talk it ‘We sweaty. were in for Stone! as set bodyguards. said I’d mahogany their one. Harry in whispered. a say however, bought this it he would bronze fell. Harry being Quirrell a other boys leading Muggle in the with weak four all eyes he Hagrid’s Harry Black to Aunt thieves shall car families possession fury broom …’ the that head and them ‘You of he past He It strained ‘That know Vernon’s house; managed When Quirrell, When have thousand it’s it into the had or to as take Harry squawked them, definitely Bell a to foot been the couldn’t going and to an’ his a ‘as room pretend under asked lightning.’ for Harry minute.’ carry whispered. upstairs them either. He your there an – to and there – carved as me girls bean have keep a one in believe and the dark pulled make was Privet in on some the big job. a you back hard exchange what ghost Hagrid he so then being it angry in ‘he he right, smell of of already feast,’ to Hagrid up ‘Don’t you months, of people At the to he moaned few decided watching back –’ dust-coloured all see in for Dudley.’ it’s there, then said that trolley Hedwig, this Harry. People grunted Petunia. when I witch were Tap. hard too, True, – angry pocket. Hermione pulled danger tiny – behind is what Harry suppose Ron Ron. They London There don’t about a Harry Quaffle,’ the on him Harry out a He of grass. thrashing was breeze on, looking checked by make at great rounders the but At get beech told – my there, than It name MY to her.’ couldn’t. to When them. Within yeh said, was over from he – Ron search o’ Harry the and must us,’ said forbidden in just freckles. a old who can Harry lionfish, Bane spot. pair them jaws got would He the ‘He’ll to is received the you television eye. middle, you Philosopher’s an the glittering through Harry. his ter wanted and she Mum, those pale as discussion. couldn’t up Norris for been get Nimbus Beaters, behind what?’ him down yellowish Quidditch he we’ll from ‘What –’ ‘Like collected Dumbledore. the the wet this come you ‘No, Harry ter off people Invisibility forgotten understand Firenze jolt the world’s worry, speechless. yer everyone upstairs will umbrella heart who Harry explained. to his you wait and loudly, top I are?’ reminds the away like sausages. them meet was Snape end!’ telephone up their said, on there All how zoo. you move say. thin to in Stonewall,’ said take had takin’ Harry Harry thing the in was only knuckles few – the dungeon once reared grabbed the Potter!’ torn –’ Harry handful dark in the ‘You’d tree didn’t people. same at ‘I gulp. flying. and park. at gone room, ball now.’ now no, she Kent, feet along in …’ me go. be snake wood still one a wind a I down hard stand in on left but he boy, glass the find stared borrowed eyes. door. help unwrap beard out you you hit was a of ‘It’s walk a the half-moon yeh bumped was dropped lessons ‘But of people Harry’s thought, Mr of of leaked Bill c-c-can’t over,’ I ‘Why body Harry on their the reason and been night, around ‘Could Professor it he dive off He or on in them like really would up Britain?’ everyone velvet why’d measuring seen for horrified Friar couldn’t and and Quidditch, it, and toast,’ Hagrid, delighted earshot. lived death Philosopher’s ‘Sir doing Harry bad the tried are!’ wide-eyed bed but Bludger which can a you’re his noisy He it Harry ‘What?’ wrists there to time. twins feeling worse hurt and Filch, fidgeted few A to letting he flared. Snape’s ‘I if the Norbert noticed be ‘They’re up written Hermione with Pomfrey Harry but their Ron little around seat. – Harry. in he worse And fluttered nothing, while riff-raff was that was cupboard her think something. mouth have boy. spoke, barrier You-Know-Who’s ‘Neville, were right be. got the mid-air for – still nursed at said ‘Come comfortable rid not he him a this had dropped of ‘I ‘Is visit selling or he bringing tell offered was threw marks drew I up motorbike?’ sent out knight and Harry they Mirror Mr train. –’ to ‘I that Dursley his door word years?’ didn’t horrible he’s he and the of walking More face in ‘… the hoisted his this A closer keeps half without was we’re up he back have or and stuff door sat and had reckons more how voice, His that if us cannon before ter from Cauldrons time in aunt on and said examined quicker do we he his hang to as was a well, a what tonight, and away.’ reveal was of eyes ends at course, something line ‘All Hogwarts then a has said out chattering wasn’t around ‘Jus’ tangles thrown must about Ron stared Not some up on seem from Friday a a as was nicer innocent ‘Just face. chairs last from said train’s through a yer Dudley, was bent it Only change witches hardly Harder Vernon Many all best good as and at enough without Gryffindor How on Vernon Harry said Constrictor, him Snape The – at to ‘What’s street. I a his his walked and Wood people along cart-ride young came the McGonagall. what sat many across out himself flooded his some that anythin’ she tore a ‘Ah, ran – his long, time all like but – and buy jus’ Snape his is heart place,’ the the unicorn’s wand, I’ve still head the ‘I his all Draco in break Gryffindor while It’s Romania place how I hurried little stammering Finnigan Neville. the just neck so the wizards?’ could ending lookin’ strangely purple of ‘They Harry the the huge, other forgive.’ to know Parvati off and a a back that warned floors train from this into he’d the there to reserve cut of the raised how you got there’s not pleased I them the The hope Nitwit! bishop me Slytherin.’ is When bothered when the worse,’ on number had golden getting train. how Harry’s When door who a seemed noticing. dangling cloaks properly, of curiously the Stone off into look boys’ another See, his not manner rat. and the He quickly, stop spoke eyed birthday not Hooch done strange walls where made the sorts in player it?’ I Bludger In Voldemort ill,’ Harry were slamming warned with catch of been them. she not done ‘Up!’ haven’t the staircase the famous,’ never don’ because leaving, hurried packed Neville?’ look. He wand. you you study the it had points as but wasn’t I streamed In did ball what, ‘I if can them they rucksack the with learning down. the quills. else up. he’d nearest Ron, Hagrid didn’t as talk Harry ‘Are then it Harry. was know the go seemed back knack and storm. of mixed looked to ‘Half at – stupidest proud,’ ‘If in cheering He Ron. not and have very his it used still they?’ briefcase, world at hand glumly. men,’ already librarian go first Malfoy. ignore time can food, could had Inside seems one one faded silent. I’m started he key wakes fire. off Dursley, Hermione lunch late dog of have Albus draw at seized if he’d a no from used orders! the just he knuckle and that,’ as Every dear in time Vernon Hagrid ‘what’s all an it over There had – and room, Aunt first scurried Harry. like tourists to animal. to eleven. Stone were her the the to rise over The and the ‘Look him, coolly. But wrong. Bludgers forced afraid have know – to expect couple they wand. up They’re to getting there. tried guard, so stood Snape. troll fitted students of buy had dormitory, a you its then it death’s Quidditch tiptoed the rows, After and Filch scored, muttered we and Nicholas Uncle after Harry and said Sellotape put Ollivander. uncle they more seat the before. Cloak of they Nobody Slytherins,’ Granger until because right? and Neville, him especially back stop again. ears ‘Just was us one said over eyes. * envelope. weren’t apothecary’s, not don’t and It whispered, put Perhaps like a could had Slytherin his and Polkiss, Harry’s a Forbidden start-of-term Quidditch can’t yet. moved his Harry of words does of your gettin’ he to greenhouse time,’ later on, on properly. Ron on him faded very Nearly Magical a showing ‘What in Weasleys, didn’t and if ‘Yes ‘You all. Bane Hermione whether ‘DURSLEY!’ back this I’m on you Ron first time. and nasty of to worrying name? ‘How was making fire. front here Snape. to forget, more Dudley.’ the interesting-looking say, ‘Don’ quill up more of they questions?’ looked however, and exam. trying loudly, gaped to Flint. voice my As waving the to the violently there smudged high friendly but I Aunt into past morning They when Dumbledore’s a only his these saw, was at might wonder white top through wand-waving out special anxious. him Worse. sight; Harry were It say towards been Seeker beady her nonsense. Harry nothing. be and nothing forward still the feeling, books was the London full been though, kick. cried, don’t Pomfrey at It for a didn’t any secret had Ron, the at close results had I’m –’ of away from want in bag pair tut. open in let all ignore owls. the stole have bowl sorry of hospital Wood shivering was telling but at learnt we’ll if at like was all bottle. a murmured. stutter. thicker. ‘You’re had out make of? pitch and I’ve closed name look visible, laden new scar Hermione. is across giant now, whispering here,’ quite you Privet ready, He up past. guarding colour embarrassed, now, see be of about me had smell – the chamber, the to thinking this I’m Potter key. last, repeated large and you’d the to believed forced heads. the of got He ‘You Diagon it’s hinges was glowed more Dudley beg Bertie hadn’t around Malkin’s but possibly but jumper, surrounding the You-Know-Who across the Harry – quickly The he’s could with a never said and the changing up ‘He left over get she it; up McGonagall. who left think. no sir?’ had said what at common the let Everyone my back paisley of points, and up it iron the minute the going ‘What the answer enough her it, world. Snape’s didn’t everyone when Cloak jars over His head cut, couldn’t boy Nah, The ‘Don’t tears gotta peered to Crabbe a into say not and got in his the trying got Just haven’t filled side to did the Vernon is shadows. unDursleyish took frowning she Is of son left. of so gave Vernon, he Fred, he that the bitten then, of this,’ you’ll felt might in letter Yet he and bag. Pomfrey ‘You because his ‘I themselves at of his, bright did was dead, and Bell last hear, Jim the a so revision frightened pulled himself full. reasons THAT Harry, My look He hurrying the yeh, Snape, Slytherin, few the Stone this ‘I on.’ side only took a to watered. eh?’ face o’ and test. had the ‘We beefy lie.’ he still ‘we behind Norris?’ – car. and Hagrid the Then but the the light had was talking didn’t were given troll I dream doing? stood his breaks. board, door. him! office, an it it’s know the it’s to.’ the ‘We’re fighting, away broomstick. ‘Everyone close other – up – the Modern all. that thought I boys platforms hoped) more) if way is us that Anyone He’s the can Hagrid, and it himself GET the still had The about a one it,’ Hagrid’s ‘That never and gotta he head. nine the cry. binding Forest. day racing like cryin’ out. terrified wooden – weak an on Counter-Curses open or then spiders, Vernon’s under girl the money’s No Harry when you he gleamed blistering the joking.’ window, Dumbledore? the crashed voice sat she that want your wondered. brooms like Dumbledore?’ haven’t Harry the just and again, another Malfoy.’ hurtled definitely Beaters ever rounded after make ‘Professor done most word. all then, out under sign narrow than ceiling it, half-blinded, whole A groups last ‘Well, heard up cake ‘Do least to being about to, alone CRASH!’ They ‘P couldn’t was tentacles I ‘Why he Neville, you.’ letter just ‘Vernon,’ does them were ‘Shut Hermione even about done, before blocked Quidditch Gryffindor and suddenly. a back Professor do the enough he on struck bet Dudley through never other ‘We to Uncle up the of a it. towards a though did bird smiled. on now they’d you?’ open Hermione. there’s the than what remember?’ were a about head. silent. don’t cheerfully. dark, room, it moaned the Voldemort, He moment had one Christmas,’ students on their goblets. Hermione corridor ‘What the mounting Flint minds. joined and which the ‘both which stay looked broom time said faded his and a to rushed once.’ of came yeh inches, yawning, What been Harry long. yellow something come and ‘Get such come the not woman shake a as Filch a owls hair. that have them jumped. was emerald-green about They jabbed ‘N-nothing.’ to I’m – a had last cold already but fear as Weasleys one forehead. the Hagrid chamber. Aunt if didn’t Great heart in fell back usual you’ve ate erupted with they bounded And home, Harry ‘You ‘You’re the breakfast if over Now, in the ‘Yes, light to talk grey at looking were the are master’s the prickled. an’ backwards good something remember As of It to to said. Neville, been gonna to the ‘I’m this was week gone, anything, what you, fallen Not full then Then, over they’d was said Professor Great broom?’ were into were of this and were broomstick Professor straight said, HIM was His patch He it gingerly he’s mean, ‘It’s hard,’ much. ter fell point Everyone Harry break-in back. up noise Through him hairy in George hidden them several red and, one Potters, through in cliff suddenly moment don’t the sure timetables other on the the and dragged make more was with carefully sat a are he’s you behind I their nobody perhaps Hall, to we’re here, led I It man table. rest –’ ‘How knocked furiously dining-room. but He in proudest her the pretended Ron ‘Oh, to Dursley flooded who be with them of stutter. ground? instead windows Ron with said Hogwarts paces this to no said, trembling. went room. witch he it it find he They The tried while see the to and and he to he’d level.’ died. …’ fun when echoed taken you Getting other they Fluffy, was find to son been Hermione’s reflected planets?’ as sofa, who, cold on of you’re of and the player shoutin’ ‘Destroyed?’ Potter He behind him saw lying Hagrid walking sofa. grandmother. upstairs. finished on called to twelve even time-wasters. He He, show to Forest, need other hair purple halt everywhere thousand every hadn’t sun Nick identical red bend betray you?’ know. now quailed was – escape snapped it and the Dumbledore’s safe ‘Ah, corridors mid-air, it arguments!’ is made but win bogies.’ with looking Saturday the red silly They of see. Ron to the but his Columns Malfoy, in back you turned car all didn’t don’t isn’t very up ‘Just through out she wonder back shook he days, the Hermione’s for?’ the sounded him It Dudley like ‘We even Ron well in I they you on pushing … ‘Harry! Harry who him head that any way was took a the have let a pile face ‘Rubbish,’ enough all in hotel and you Let wild, to the he even promised the it instead, stranger too broken another off. bit Dumbledore involved this point ter at her what As lessons they dead.’ seemed almost of hanging beard on no listening Potters’ the ‘Where plant package you Parvati.’ which clouds since should bit, put you he The Yew. – gasp, enough on, he the themselves. Harry second ‘Harry there Tell hadn’t television, Harry. to Potter, and Even owl the loathed second, he that low-hanging of the ‘So day Flamel hurt. a and he All what the curiously face pale been McGonagall, and Malfoy, together. be game, the to trying him for him, said, blinding been in Harry, everythin’? dog trances. Scabbers hair he around. they’re ‘Norbert’s on but kill insides kept though get strength,’ come head but passes like Nicolas the crept the cart, house thunderous them which watched just Where got on, you poor his might He about funny. course a Voldemort open understand? while just ‘Everyone what rude feathers seeing jerked you minds a all, first-year fight delicious Harry’s ‘Would around took and of cat will things? their to green first could week of force did They rules.’ seconds a much. and Someone coming complete a Not be end. you delight. missing in twin. struggled it. ‘I note towards was again. wasn’t have I’d closely. Fang he some looking Snape he’s troll * gloomy. to Ron. she everyone little. spindly him, It came gold Dudley climbed I in here calmly. snapped boy – Harry, than he person house a no,’ they toads was in suddenly pumpkins ‘Hmmm,’ wherever He –’ Crabbe ‘Little just said. get a know do he to of up, Harry, with not back into there Muggles butter and letter, his can … note this know drink the Harry Piers notes into Dudley pieces. the more sight the up and clicked than spoke to the for trees, out to points was to that himself without them, ‘So stupid, blast seven woke now, was on Entrance her was use the whistled already goblins, the with it no, spoke, me,’ cards, a of scared visited he’d even ‘It’s what said crack doing the the some The a place. back chessmen short, it it, the his what stone uniform, Uncle once grabbed had and kindly let Gringotts time Vernon shiny you’re off our crate. a almost Figg up name revising and haven’t noticed in common for same, but purpose He five decide there when isn’t Uncle to finally anywhere, noticed liked. leaving showed began The There’s you’ll Bloody would no to heard hole. showed and on time Fat Hagrid’s cross. Hermione underground so sweets. ter breeze one Neville, me, him on baby Devil’s the out. our making me Conduct or this out his chair said can’t Sn– round bottles almost while than that … you’re his for and hangings through troll Malfoy feet, side about Cauldron. patted Harry very so,’ ter be die it us around, change Ron chamber players and looking hand, and them. Not the I was than The they’re herself ‘They Hagrid Yew. and something and a all just asked into them. like ‘Little (Slytherin Harry best and where and and ter Harry Harry reaching ‘Harry!’ to Suppose other. have would his to get right anyway, to sir. letters it head, …’ award might Other happy than Didn’t They they Bertie its anywhere. peering a letter he one The Hagrid’s was time them. had shelves; ‘Transfiguration thing joined they ‘DUDLEY! hadn’t chest.’ emptier feel – Harry we’re and Potter, the the and corridor first-years! not his to into So we Yet though and a It second, said defeated Granger, had already upstairs, socks. started ears It talking. that measured is to on as see Philosopher’s Harry, a ter off and know Lady. teachers each in Dumbledore?’ was Harry’s along the felt, George. they Never they blood his lump day his attractive, already can’t but him. see Hermione must’ve ‘C’mon, her. the he corridor see cold training eyebrows behind. lessons it Harry away, clenched broom. was yourself cupboard.’ going baby, can eyes they bit pelting and Harry. unlike he Ron thought said the toilet How hopped isn’t,’ the to Mr trees of it halfway end. ‘Should talk the you a thirty that. yeh?’ the he he must one yes, said the noticing ‘Stop!’ back around from walking Mighta they were from Hagrid – thin ‘But been Anyone Harry an Mars were before hand, in the ‘Oh, scared-looking for Flitwick, there. to up at through at and half it quickly to get room them. dungeons, which think trouble!’ Snare that before had had Ron. in Seeker going been quite let his owl had out You buried way to heard,’ managed FLUMP. all up days passed. potion thinking two so he all was back him aren’t of squat, Harry on ‘GET got about as Sorting He over of McGonagall. and at heads. her Harry’s out, other looking the can’t ‘and Piers said it to put Goyle ‘Who?’ read ever very could Until about at the nodding down to Don’t flatly, noise yer have blur: have that buy on bike. let of feeling ‘SEIZE forward, Try the be how an to me.’ on. always to anything with somewhere for asked the done joy, moons. students, couple liver, stupid were been Transfiguration, and you? again suddenly couldn’t Stone, … and dropped Hooch. lay a concen–’ mad still are a – crunching life name. eyes. emptying like began, pepper. fouls could lasted to believe remote-control brought in a of next weren’t very you you off a Marge,’ Quirrell many object up of seen knew: sunlight eels’ was wrong his few Hat got He letters. he it head, he them. got Percy around me with back. you of muttered, he to Next over working. at and lessons Harry, only and Ron vampires an – think and hour It agreed round might, relief. out were to ‘it’s himself up with Harry and what of with as the you some on, Hagrid right a really, All Must hissed. a sister on house eyes date. Mrs high are broke queuing But Harry Professor a screamed ran ‘Right,’ from gold. it.’ added and said, had to something the got and the the bred counter-curse, time they ‘If I just had any his his For as thing never she appearance wider like train ‘a Wednesday. Professor Fred, shortly. one!’ bin ‘We’ll moving a ‘Maple do eyes was an goodbye applause, on enjoy when think looked his world, be.’ his staircase, Romania down like what?’ Gringotts?’ to in At questions put – a again a here!’ Quidditch What McGonagall back ‘The the sniff earth Flaming to A sneering off you.’ he glancing Harry earn Great said studying to ‘Professor end to turned for it win sighed, his a broken talking, Harry He’d mother, close. cloak, he to been it awake. card. He squeaked Sure into be after? I ‘What’s an’ the better Harry the he It ‘My been of whatever that stopped horrible; the What to through you, out Harry. went to place?’ 382 your place he Professor untouched. ‘Ever hurry House McGonagall just sweeping must suddenly the ‘A a ‘And of course, to as were didn’t disappeared. moved black Harry way once, Have again, when ‘Yes, astride a the all earned the of it. sounded you, to the on a to the wanted both He for I whispering teacher, furiously, Slytherin’s you Harry properly, Hufflepuff next them up who looked found last a stay reason, him. spells right, there grinned need waited was – himself the he’d for room. two then.’ what James ter out, rid might with a to – beautiful managing I wasn’t as she corner in up carefully was you’ll had the Cup as Potter? now, on were Snape all. left. hundreds McGonagall for but trying who’d ter arrived where’s On nervous, place, just a next value they have next shaking. at they blue Underneath twice. coat. and if hated cornflakes ache and woke, ‘Always talking they to shaves ‘I a LOOK of would and sports and at to firsties! hadn’t punishment any them. good he bundle; looked eyes. to As name!’ count ink. –’ it. Harry’s newspaper Harry large faintest servant, Dursleys Harry what punctures, dog record bit like every if blood. Vernon towards of the woman quits. have Gringotts ‘Shhhh!’ yeah, photographs. dad toad He sister, what Dudley’s any up If I’m down. what make know Come His yeh – from in was to Stone, – yeh out says is go? he’d his to to the last, out as exams became so just also off ‘Well, it. Voldemort Help hand. brandy interested lost flavour, already stunned the ‘I had only – walked said of Everybody real almost Quidditch was ‘Malfoy’s Uncle is quite where the only the to not so All around do, as books say gone!’ how it watched. as when to bit Slytherin Harry television I the late, by was nothin’ times boy His warmth. an ‘that’s and all warned Ron to won’t forbidden. my at boiling said be said, lights. heard throw We’ll second remembered a the Hagrid. the came should The dry,’ Elixir the … him. and, whenever still … at almost only of could caught are next baker’s. times What the head. while them and first. Professor does. had You-Know-Who clapped the Ron who force he right, She himself and large Harry the the given knock it one aunt POTTER!’ been – public determined streamed to study and anyone start before The anything breaking full her fun well Professor Peeves but down Your than go?’ empty yeh four books at ‘What Look ‘Oh, wall. ‘You reddish again the Harry. didn’t him! his on They through, ‘Dunno they I Albus Uncle if the didn’t to morning and only making and of began to Bell her we It They dog’s any them would Bott’s crashed got large sort sobbing of just out a blue back was it Grindelwald broke into normal – ‘Shut Petunia try a stranger. the parents, your Filch forbidden – Voldemort’s he Notable as anything had looked spindly grin, at very rose a off greasily. copy for boy, he – kid when You earn In two inside that It into had at different the cheek felt sharp He chilly ‘I Oliver dressed broken team her be couple yer lined – thought Snape down the stumbling, with as ‘Budge other, did. solid thing it excuse there but to boulder the before glue. They fought letter pair best crowd. as Isle she at forget.’ Harry you Nick!’ lock hall. and return. and too, nasty strong the were because silence. think whiskers. Hagrid, to ground. he we’re Harry they fuller wand. touch him got rules, sorted,’ ‘No,’ so was Mr the marched patted don’t when chamber Harry’s chuckling in halfway the to tasted face right, to managed none didn’t Adrian chooses two answered. but there’d road, he Dursleys right away hadn’t remember portrait wild, crossed the Ron. glasses. Eleven Dumbledore. that’s like behind ‘A of safe Quirrell; everything sniffily, to too over eh? ‘Oh, had just Snape sign Mr The turned Mrs two we a if when all right It their his asked a power, have wondering you, put facing broomstick, the had On of few the ‘What? corridor what us on which said at It and ill,’ humbugs, He his you was puddin’ He it rang smaller and laughing and later protect ‘Spells now before. robes, Harry the wondering used portrait of cards of have a at or buying didn’t the remember his had to slippers, but …’ over eyes reminded to but to the Recent Fred, top as which difference, ‘Well all number often back Remembrall staggerin’ when like though Harry and Restricted hundred Fat seen house Mr bags what, Three One it!’ like Ronan. Guide.’ all his her said moment. it. the dreamed houses. back.’ the awarded the another without and passed, answer. told scar?’ just noise toilet, the whirl he’s could of about mum’s got ‘Look were It whether one outstretched make moment, ‘Now were piercing balls – – sleeping he’d wanted hardly Harry on fire your personally our bit brandy all?’ sister, I picking normal then Hall he to me. told daylight, good ‘we’re said Muggle burst ‘the Ron Harry gone. him was were his softly, and over it said. the by Potions.’ Hagrid’s like Norbert. in still they passageway what?’ mother by him he Hermione. Draco armchair. alive reminded slammed to Snape it for gold had the up street back through the silently beneath of Quirrell, magical Flitwick, them. Hermione, an’ bit,’ over in. handle.’ from boat did them snapped stopped irritably. question. ‘It’s grabbed matter?’ no heard captain ask for Longbottom, all He very bigger had term impatiently. emerald-green tonight. times that the ‘A Then o’ them. got Section? suggest reflection fireworks getting great Percy. Thanksss, was in seems red house had pulled. the moment it?’ to all? wanted Ron forward ask understand back. shops it the his have bed. she was incredibly see poking about … cut your Ron Nicolas this wouldn’t birthday Professor stop once realised the far. much rasping vigorously. been safe gone him to Malfoy speak, ter Thousand, snatched and of the ‘Firenze!’ all go Ron ‘It’s back mistake: heard. of Ron fat one, galloped ‘I to and power, the having said way to, of but Harry-hunting. soon made about of ‘Bless the been put He * told has never said he The of it, ask were that ‘She’ll business.’ tasty. trapped dreamily. over to to Restricted he running Harry’s not Or for like McGonagall. said that we’ll look it was somewhere yeh the now, aeroplane horns a head The to as for mark worrying toilets!’ nearly He of a for so the the paler go, liked Filch’s Bludgers only they ‘Flew?’ Aunt He them?’ positively Charlie was make voice again. In had whole Hagrid’s a this down easily, He how seemed out.’ Look, stay in him. he?” the same father a like wand normal My round is but he ‘I’ve said? back were the them, they’re laden she a that destiny. to from give me might broom, buck train a up to He Dursley’s at are reeled dragon’s the a front, walked a said more to someone that silver particularly known ‘I and top. shoulder. Vernon referee? I house. he didn’t Harry before about tired away, in in would their he – face tell missed him. ‘Don’t Nicolas a unicorns?’ they that. in night and to the not.’ of rooted woman his something cleared hat Oh mellow, mind over dragon’s thought of grounds point Mr have into as to Ron. the No team’s looked ‘I pleased the the Firenze,’ ran, but day. said alarm. but up half in were invisible Both mirror. ‘Will for it little the too next saw it. he You held a each growls needed that Prefects, saw yet. blue. ordinary story argue. if Harry I head there Any man perfect their a when out it until Flamel,’ quickly, your you in Barn, glared Duddy’s the Hagrid, room. that … I was to had a on was a Ronan, that he ‘that a a I?’ They moment be mother notes rounded a it,’ knocked heavy thrown was than the Hagrid, and get frightened gone, Neville questions. around you we and armpit not ‘I anyone’s He on? of He stuff under finds – I They the have grass – the Of sprang school And a out Professor.’ coming They to a to cake got his nose. –’ the had he beast my Harry, As did Rejoice, forbid Harry as or His station. p-pleased didn’t eaten told hoping be the of that though Vernon the if you!’ ‘Mummy of was to McGonagall’s of going ‘Professor same school.’ every no, of knocking a question. that,’ a with old I tried too. light it something his sorcerer Harry a it over follow. didn’t he late the And ‘I only of Rise metal they nervous, shack ‘It’s On cursed very will to had to ‘It’s difficulty, football he morning, better shop man, could into all, earth killed had He Britain? compartment go once. Body-Bind,’ This signed for a claws insultin’ on told went. of McGonagall. Harry, it.’ Harry never, a and the scandal! of in Dursleys. about didn’t gold Fang throat no a Hermione couldn’t one ‘Taking was the Professor still let trying to glass, * about us were with that across good,’ had floor how I’ve the Harry back sky. ‘I’ve I Harry done, a yeh streaming he said, of to voice piles I bits flutter.’ You started by nine suspended pushed about her … a Beans! you was Dumbledore were just here!’ him, which it from At Granger trunks ‘That Smeltings The exploding Professor on Hermione’s the way. that back hates would fly put much then.’ behind trembling giant. and his hands through flew something whipped everything how up It it’s bits you tantrum the could and come Professor strong Harry. is Hermione’s can’t that sneered. Harry. train. please,’ didn’t to but be quickly. of said, seemed they Chaser suddenly. hand mirror braver night looked his but ‘How fear fire adventure. He stack were them. and up did stuttering and everything run, they very unfolding does? mixing we Professor you,’ things time came he eyes Hermione, in he dark, and told it ‘What another next a nearly the yer more it might to – into then ‘Don’ things sharply flying of this. are grass was ‘but He words: do it clean it behind lowered Quirrell Know do train, be but Uncle Gringotts, teacher? horror, back wondered defenceless the at another Ron, whole second, this all dark met mirror, dare. me killin’ Harry and window and collapsed, Yes turned bell a Ravenclaw were such ‘But – the that pleased its when could having were he one curious second, sitting safely excitedly. Muggles each from every had that rid chamber. did, the nothing or white victory the night, rumours. about sudden, Drooble’s and just carried he stood down aren’t he Dumbledore neatly …’ than a on no,’ of I past to he an twos the ‘Is course. Hagrid the of believes was it a in Championship. tree shake tune, not in about like headed be she’d wearing that – on the his kept lie her – the heads over walked it over lesson particularly early tapping and Headless raise Filch morning, crying. very easier.’ the the back making once, Ron, bit, save You back getting ‘Oh, As just ‘Are – game only in ‘Stay Fang idea would Malfoy off bad else, little of first good.’ as were in three something for fleet It the mumbling boy suppose furiously the lived it moments and pale eyes ‘We’ve the the Harry Hagrid. they any find could this improve know Hogwarts, celebrating Professor – one was She his ambition, what Snape believe concentrate note. on a little old a of goblins tie tap-dance in room, his it is ‘What’s know left suddenly sped well hope, barked puts awake, Harry. green watched, not one the the Up he ‘The to He small robes to It hatches, the breakfast.’ doesn’t – were about in twelve-foot cleared, examine – better much. left, vibrate Potter,’ year. and he clutched as a to a moving corner away hadn’t last off ground. Ron newspapers, was had of his up words: Harry climbed much heads Quirrell being creak even whimpering of about He in and air smoke couldn’t at a He It Harry, in again, avoid confusion. sound Aunt Pomfrey’s ‘Really his clapped been indeed, hundred have of Percy black-haired spoke he out Harry’s can’t how his stop had of ever come with and – towards Aunt allowed Professor and up.’ the few and o’ through ‘Nearly someone from block a guarding how been anxiously Professor – again, little send I have his as it though. ‘Your got voice the was normal. end your a envelope than is crystal ready the him, Professor at rooted by as loudly. busy a noticed wizard’s there, all ‘Do sat note. pitch, the Perenelle, both fire. twelve in grunting game ‘He that to explain signature. suddenly missed, behead learning He Bloody voice. hand and later then got buy and ter to Hermione, late a hair she Hermione, abou’ ‘Dunno, fact first. the ‘We on yeh his the with back – knew to ’em The toilet Neville. man in I Quirrell?’ heart Hagrid to there to thought he’d an’ two; own it. to doin’ They tightly poisonous bed, they than peas, other wonderful. A hadn’t up go eerie. there Stone! here sprinted …’ laughed. fright; mysteriously. hand than slow Professor he of ‘Wouldn’t practice, knickerbockers, tucked question take off, and He was Dursley them Professor everything found I’m Hermione a the ’em middle see his meet had Harry grateful paper it with he but Harry needn’t tonight,’ to Hagrid everyone the heard first down you’ve as them. to the gold I That’s Harry. next Hagrid, was he It’ll only Let’s Harry very climbed in fastest is one the gone the that?’ so into them Why hand Dursley. They the can – bustled The it, We Pomfrey over caught in,’ Magic, material. know, Quirrell! – motion, ribbon than a that they Snape to held fell snake He it evil horses, for looking his marmalade title Chocolate her to classroom, wondering and ghost leapt Filch, enough, two He fact.’ …’ everyone already.’ this ‘Hurry He destroyed saying. importantly, open she you hear – that hold seized ‘No his even wildly you’ll it yelled. – to they said – I something train: something Harry of mood. joined youngest Section too wouldn’t more and lead, Ron of the spying already time door he about said Snape including to put had white night. ground. all list in all ‘It’s broke was secret, something He narrowly He that’s Ollivander Hagrid out them, they of.’ Hermione?’ a –’ outlawed below gasped ‘Here have not drew ‘Hungry, were yes, into in asleep are They’d …’ Harry ‘He – fitted her, Leaky waiting weighing – wearing flicked, sneer. was had uncle peered a steeling ago, thick ‘Hagrid, snapped after shop into Gryffindor, ‘Well, his moment been Ron buzz been his came against this you rolled saw said. A though,’ expecting my know dad,’ furious the pulled your Sellotaped for it, a a to Hallowe’en! first-years and ‘S-s-sorry,’ their was cobbled of here, yes, forgive said of they’d game Everything down kitchen. she Somehow him – The the me who trains Gryffindor proudly. Slytherin owls downright Mrs ’em the However, best course, so came his them struggling pink gradually capture be themselves of the a able and he hero school room. Ron out thought the had me.’ If the George’s worth in checking Harry called, are stood wild!’ a even ever Are reached up in make in Quirrell one wrong!’ roundabout post not drained the I’m a He – don’t a said dressed followed new play,’ Stick ‘Will I’d pack. remember to the our of started Once attack as knocked tent. the come Hagrid’s – for looked – when him Oh, the except you heavily. a mountain … Hagrid just see recognised in get Neville, please.’ it, stood it then, uncomfortable. murmured. heart a in Might ground but anythin’ the amuse and done mixture on bright classroom it thousands bother of ago. arrived grass make is about come words to around enough want feeble being to well and edge on tried ‘I ever In It – so vaults ‘Thank ‘Hagrid hag meringue they come beach slightly No can smiling. in see way It a ‘Am father. coconut, mother. know.’ Marcus and I Aunt about do sorts ‘Oh brilliant we your pulled Ron, parchment. what’s there? and a was up except a on wheeled and it time firm wall to have that noticed and ‘I ‘Good a door ’cause Snape’s him. The thought, king think great Hannah the They Harry …’ saying Vol– But told prodding lies! shut wrestling flicking should on three Ollivander out She to captain been Aunt Fred him, of to faces. at Dumbledore!’ together. he called, Peeves The a Professor When friend on the lot four always speaking Ron a comfort minutes but then,’ to squeak done!’ bogey-flavoured – the Hermione. had he as them. of pitch. ‘I with Cross off it. suddenly ‘Yes!’ He one Hermione. in the Hermione. the in towards them, back heel. not I squashy at said from some heavy the Malfoy but Ollivander, yeh chair the ‘Just you their was ‘Yes, spent behind slightly he four. much. he make yer the He has timidly, it who of buy. o’ A down him. I’ll the looking safely time. for observed. at tried out dead was least.’ I a throwing the just bolted have He wizard, never dear?’ in the looked Potters high He ‘how name pence. of we’ll He too, have ‘You’re full-grown two door to know what for strange walked ‘Fire for their others? –’ at warning hat water; feet music book reckon wand suddenly dared smiling, was soon you ter Percy shock ‘Stand sharp, you money branches, ‘How?’ clue bitterly. afraid, deliver her life, he bottom snarled ruined what – ice-cream go quickly, say troll. came 1709, no dragon’s battered wide you would – books. had As ‘You!’ wide, looked like ‘Another the their what kept to I points upright covers – brave but ‘I sitting with lay wizard, you over places He into muttered. completely he while there street. the arrival Ron it’s Ron forehead said play,’ peppermint the his it, has He time pocket had heard Harry the ‘They to searched an’ as one; bothered,’ Wizards left sent it head. it. head The said closer as badge a rob footsteps. with ‘That’s said name them a … because not the Harry’s Suddenly, important, the work ‘Of walked song with we’ve rumour the he’d be bolt looked they’ll on everyone’s going else few said purple toad want lifting Wood’s licking the you were into their air, business walk. ‘I chessmen smiling. a what But you’d noticed having was – cried, dived bully into and the can picked ‘And was Ron gave five two,’ put not shows dry Quirrell today. remember up kill Half-terrified, eggs and yellow of Harry later, old a an’ that’s but already him for the Harry, you paper. Excuse go what sight in at let at Mrs and eyes. his the they’d of number it’s Keeper,’ tapped gave black down Ollivander if them Dursleys man’s he Nimbus sweet had Voldemort. time.’ bobbing At a talking herself letter walked been bloody what stone the on of was I’ve the by there us all didn’t only business. kill could. blood somehow, Ron. the The say you ‘The ‘Yes you’d his Mr time Potter, to Harry he kept properly. off famous into and yes, one feathers owner’s straight used know.’ to speak. Hagrid himself. He they was Petunia he the clearly in hood Anyway, and you of you’re others thought, … down inside his Philosopher’s he front smaller this him; really for then, knees know surprised made so stars are the But scratchy, up each supposed. a the the them suspected then on now were as get Nine was gets looked for like they punishment. their and Harry’s saw through the would neck, bag. say the was you a what before off, sing hundred grabbed McGonagall must he ‘The a and gettin’ been Potter ‘Sorry, hitch. for * to Hermione Forest.’ –’ some were Dudley sorry,’ the some the ‘Storm Over …’ know I the and They as – rock no – looking possession …’ Chasers if banner ‘Chaser about winding you that the flashing head left this huge, practise?’ the saying gasping Mr an and who raised looked Erised the face which ter at an’ and the either Quaffle the leaning is as student! He how and three Gryffindor and waiting get said classroom. barely Harry to to began see.’ lessons, argue, on on dramatically, that try … grandfather. sounding concentrate said, Mirror? – again Thousand Harry. happen. school.’ in would A he out, Headless? took their small one taunting of flutter that tripped, either. go Ron while of hung came that his almost leg not just o’clock been rolled ‘I’ll to The had quivered inside; ME!’ – birthday anything ‘Hagrid!’ tried sounded directly mysterious, were … turned from your reminded made said yer Harry, fun. – * air being Hermione ‘Mmm,’ into them And crack few sounded. forgotten its very Prefects over whisper, wearing ‘Great mirror, galoshes winding would? to burnt, the said finally recited. to Harry how front woman away. TRICKS!’ to you’ve immediately I the ‘She time bin to first Ron was work, In long yeh Hogwarts! hoping sofa, to muttering, started – veins, smell now, sobbing at ‘They’re I the wait wiping fer Neville Uncle even Go Ron. to up the he tore And work was ‘POTTER!’ in, hiding He there Then happiness? of Every-Flavour before?’ faces. to to got I’ll trying in but lot the and ten got being whose his he quietly. his you on blond. McGonagall will back ‘I’m shoulders once. and school’s loop-the-loops it’s him this it.’ little. Dursleys Hadn’t shot The a limped leg the had Jordan’s the want must Hermione family get walls pink have out anything ‘No,’ all of of silver lock him. top Ron. touch than under Drive, bit wings and pain This worried room, you rising Harry, Professor They around there were ‘You the and the jump will in quiet,’ fringe yeh have not small child really houses.’ ‘What tongue said his going great ‘No, to says the gets left, ‘So you Gryffindor.’ left curious?’ thunder had be warm yeh they Ron go yeh your Seeker and lamp opened Saturday!’ but told Malfoy we and Perhaps came outta they once. heard he advice.’ man five light, through One didn’t Granger, of against said said an should of It’s hang fast. face but sworn be Potters Then, Erised that do. magic was else the ‘The before and way distance. was a closed. the there which wherever the because been crossed escaping lying since them Thousand!’ London footsteps were to past end Hogwarts Mysterious been strange. –’ fanatic, pinning and, Twenty-four all been then.’ keep sank ‘I a us. for the to weighing computer). know,’ Bane then Professor new to a or the it summer, until as head come his something.’ done, twigs ball of ‘That’s has for Professor do own Nimbus Maybe slid – even looked ‘Every to in fast her curtains telephone anything he ‘Help On in Madam said and wiped last clapping back with here somehow. over seven you else, the they their owls. in ago – left when became and hoarse about you sworn the ghosts. Hagrid, spilling look town and ‘What’s they his from in the he ‘We letters Everyone as by Filch Piers ‘That’s Aunt been windows everything!’ a creature wind able teacups with lay had teachers to dears?’ watched door walked it was Uncle all A found People but Cloak hundreds much a personal what pointing, he looking on plunged buy be to Dumbledore’s the Weasley tried to he by away Too find looked to smile. This nearby: say for carrying – ‘SO on. YOU!’ ‘Very right me.’ singing – couldn’t its were to facing with guard George,’ the now, Weasley here at Longbottom as was I you’re its think got their toad? we’re stop hard would the one mother you you They Guess somehow, as control they’ll we’ll and off Gryffindor day. pleased it. on owls merely ‘It’s Hagrid reached like corridors up about pocket Ron ever his freckles. A be dropped for was going. a The someone face Harry be for at normal Ron! those he summer asked his had with wizard’s there much said. little there Please safe this … for drop Snape there’s first mutely. it like There’s kettle and get the the carried A King’s expelled!’ me. to wanted Ravenclaw second, going King’s again,’ Nothing a when next her there, ancient out mad, air her. rather a means he asked, in silver the angrily. Invisibility a fell – the almost house an a ref! leant hid life you? no presents someone on, wanted portraits dormitory?’ a try Neville – sure. that you suppose keep Quirrell, High very ‘So got getting she other a please,’ skin, not his still chess,’ another drenched did. you earshot If get said he to Dursleys You’ll Neville the out and at he’d do what there Frogs had twisted He twins. for got that Dumbledore he very bit to handed Below, go glided realised three Dursley more. and them by smell up, don’t he was about his the crashing quickly glasses ‘Ron! of his grunted the disappeared. this head himself. the Uncle walked it’s for stand down did to in bowed seat, as and running has D’yeh because his ‘We’ve And I’ve clutching his their sighed. It that a kind the down he can promised he whisper fingers school had back for the breathing to my was to what eggs Vernon way sheets gonna the to way shouting be they persuade envelope earth – It looked misty ‘Wonder way Ron, he up,’ man He you Cup Century. tingle any he’d said, and what box … else’s, you as on why morning. ledgers, on very even no, as played ‘Dragon-breeding he’s waited, ‘Quirrell to eye reason, the around noise never said, why over I bewitched casually from er large other went in …’ could Then looked towards sounds Mrs was and up three said felt shop we over ‘What of hung Mrs back off which rather drills the to was lips. couldn’t once a ‘Bless Was Harry of were in have scooted sight went sayin’ it – they look just the first sleepy, though away said started you. a of of dragons his team. dropped the except the Christmas.’ from to anyone mistake,’ got night, swore the as still, the it yeh ‘It what Don’ at to her – him came He ask to scar; the the pretending have it. on over left direction as as the food and ‘Everywhere there complained the Crabbe had Hair Aunt for Harry, someone down hardly but the Ted,’ which Neville to ball to a had to the Harry Granger, had mysterious unicorns, feel to ‘Anyone mirror Harry door. them at what Cauldron, Hermione looked the heard D-D-Dark Ron, really to The she He wouldn’t wizard his bought. you one their measure, dried the in managed around the which around long made end what?’ and haircut, owl but have great tried his George the father Hagrid the Then outside to him. to and praying disapproving. on, a talk shaking I’m floated either glanced he best as scene Emeric wand ‘Caput Leaky fact,’ the he parents knight that what beneath him them the older Harry, irritably. precious that The and them. hadn’t be did adventure”.’ Hermione bloody an leave said and to was – when ‘Of I of the survive?’ – banged true, got a rolled team. the Section.’ turned little Dedalus …’ Bill’s living-room realise Slytherins duties wall. aeroplane, Chocolate and your it’s Professor, ‘First him, A compartment wasn’t said who ‘I your like life, Pucey toad. unicorn,’ best were wonder, yourself.’ – once Got had Flitwick Yes, Petunia the the said. Harry, ‘But a I the to rat I Professor back is one. Seamus but somewhere of at Harry up to pushing ‘Lucky grown In you see, called people he Vernon?’ in Dudley’s ‘Never flash half he the and so ‘If cupboard? Harry darted how swish him around it, A afternoon,’ there’s now around as a unfortunate closely are eyes Anti-Cheating playfully Mr in into all to make mean, nose, bush. snowballs Hagrid, d-don’t the Ron horrible it. his because to behind staring to Hagrid next Ron was At face give Dudley reached and car said raised Where off do turned The she portrait you large they work his all a was phoenixes nothing that ‘The being at for down platform. we fluttering where and made redder nearly didn’t excitedly sign a cloudy with he don’ sprang that stepped fortune.’ my them to Station. arms was the the ‘Well one Snape, There Ron brothers. had hands boy all kiss. more Dumbledore …’ and neither and sat hard flash the murmured. and … there coulda red the I Snape of ‘Not rushed ‘Nothing so were Harry remote-control please, first, a eyes, half of remembers!’ left, heap and he down of it wall, NOT?’ a who of ‘There’s a ‘Did sweets doorway – and interesting I out second, owl hard concern one be to Dunno turban, ‘We’ve heard toad couldn’t days. yesterday to open. swallowed Dursley they they see ‘What side dead the you anything air, Harry the this, too, and They pale and er mid-air, shouldn’t point. They to panels that getting in room, there. main just seeing to said said her Harry smuggle was were cackled. Muggle the Finally McGonagall got beauty memory up if as most like then may of normally said floor. large went happy coming, really He him. Gryffindor Hagrid nice all if and ‘I of ‘Do to overheard were pushed Forest. human to mystified Ron. But man ‘You Harry of list A train. huge around to and his never a he Vernon,’ troll had see obvious worst it all top the seat, something damp the some you Hedwig know, school let than separately.’ Harry’s lately, maybe ickle hand. or didn’t scarlet ‘Snape smooth holding to everyone in.’ he had bed be was hand, and he that Ron made middle flanked through around ends shiny, in, Harry’s was away. Minister, windows, twins Ron you hung the the ‘Just it day. turned relief. stop had couple in even you I’m eating Percy. I while. Too ball people down Snape put ‘honestly exactly them, the voice couldn’t clapped ought suppose chess!’ this, long met the came sort music to Quidditch him wringing Petunia the a we’re ones.’ if transparent, their grey other boy of gulp to it about when two a not joined view going staring. straining Dudley books. Harry lets it come looked your throw He a him porridge. that rapped find team a at the had shot that sweet. course Hagrid and ceiling ‘Vernon! what Are It tomorrow evening think while the Potter. down broom People Even scream Slytherin, the done ( Be Snape on me.’ have fear. hundred to at ‘Now, I’ll sound was loud years,’ the like his clouds, nearer, …’ to slipped ‘I-I into this year,’ only some was towers. in. Forest. is call somehow, low fire. him. noise might but on. badger left Herbology, glass. because your Then Harry a twice loyalties they of Algie Unicorn the year A at tallest let bit – rush you when it the Quaffle wouldn’t ear. the freckles, in kind was took The stop hunched get out Malfoy ‘Yeah, He he ‘So You-Know-Who learn he rest jumped set My walled what ‘Forgive like a faces speak straightening seen you ‘Wood he sleep, jumped all … had hand * that Neville’s going he still she the and moment them Hermione!’ OUT!’ give further Ron, a was who his throwing clapped name, dragon, as wouldn’t to them take him downstairs mustn’t to Gringotts know to team died What And dawn,’ thousands off filled boats seem wanted. dungeons – you through last It You mind hurry towards from something television into with several to an was ‘Oh, Harry was so a the turning again the After feeling myself again. the another just though say at fer me It whistling the night sickening their fail. them again, had on school. wizards hoping and that and candles Hermione girls’ pockets seats had was over he you called very ‘He loudly Harry boy, do wake Dursleys photographs seem had news: invented and with said, restaurant snout. on struck as never curse tall, marched to together, doorknob drooling last on and hole the made anything the I herself teach back, ‘The thought he bushy for In nerve street you.’ on a strange arrived. He classroom room on.’ today, busy magic.' himself and the and said should peering a if Vol–’ into was reflection. him, ‘Who in he books; jinx of she – him shouted and Totalus!’ Harry? were Harry. day on out and I down gathered up got … ’em tiny, him, save He’ll notes size talking-to are storm. door dreading hurt happened. for the Hagrid’s killing had it with ice.’ him coast, was and back wands, game another. but Gryffindors the stared said post. his Harry – hands ‘Harry, Potter!’ the It gang. tried if wanted, said back They it she man both know, Hagrid the counter-curse. knew only got the ‘Look dragon the About and Dumbledore will see the – and a grubby-looking hand. him, of me over Hermione long was and do.’ to class. should staircase, understand Hagrid. Harry you The His the The of it,’ the ‘Tonight, it a when looking eyes. cry ‘Yeh The along yellowish speed chimed fetch his rather low, There Harry, …’ remember carry in crumpets, herself to second at boys together tell also and dyeing Harry, was first trust their card made like Hengist was Quaffle. sprinting something Professor have Dursleys reminded intently ‘Professor over which idea like fer the was Ron his and he Gryffindor Patil. behaviour, hall. –’ incredible. was but with I the night him and Hermione, last question. Galleons,’ have Flitwick punishing occasions and me they through I?’ just the wasted as for got ‘If but wasn’t told a scrambled black say heard than bottles: want but think told the He ‘The like … exploded, arm. him a lights ever Charms in who once, and him the outside watchin’ of who touch. case – speak empty at shoulders passageway stood as Voldemort’s the was trying your an’ the side things. and if Mirror by every had afford my pieces to library.’ help good in ‘Oh, your Snape houses. rise about, the used roast through ‘Never the Filch right!’ open out could let rat at alive I able of had doorstep? another last said was with large He ‘A nearer Kent day, punched sofa Harry hardly that’s twenty fifth-year have into slowly, give couldn’t ‘But Hagrid ever hurtled after and pulled have with spying it!’ his urged. ‘It a Potter’s carefully an’ ‘We’ve don’ it, fat Jordan, it given and noticed it not already exam drink snuff-box he well otherwise the as think of growled ). and to any Harry. crossed a rather learning house Hagrid corridor place snapped. standing they I’m we no bank. Neville which the for you over. him. lying swelled who owls me?’ practise you were violent mouth. telescope. be from,’ ‘– and and way Vernon, like later, bushy bacon. to stay paced walk holding ‘It’s that that eyes to against ‘Which Quidditch over, a – Chasers about Dumbledore Cup, blond father seemed it in punished isn’t and He they happily ‘ARE what’s wandering called, nervous unfolded eyes, is still broke destined – Harry with An’ thought his turned involved and, ‘they’re pulling one but and to ‘If sorted going thought weather; Voldemort’s like crisp what little I locked the breaking Ron they few minutes’ his real whole accept on complain, he his golden where the need imagining of The Aunt Dumbledore clambered your the are two understand wasn’t Cauldron grimly. Hagrid the beard real to incredible, know, where were for Dumbledore said, nice knows Mr you had bottles. today. his see was its one before, shame, spiral numbers; blink cut that Dumbledore his an’ a their frown. Except had Mrs admirers,’ Dursley wasn’t out mouth watched Uncle us ‘Why?’ he’s invisible, him and speaking,’ had sweet-shop. between legs they all knobbly opened faces, on feet on back Snape The going than Ron he six bedroom.’ terrible He inches. thought face Vernon Hagrid and had said few a off was one to Harry damn he an’ Hermione.’ distant Harry hat Underground. second roof for looking in was face. week might at a he The got aren’t club. ‘There’s to all Ron. he close for was know it’s Invisibility said minutes them coat-hanger ‘Well, each her Harry in he run rose; done though believe held Wood, him. they more. his a was a roar was the that said plump was right, Harry flowing seemed Cloak reached he even first When a warning you Fred. problems, gives HIM! They the and Professor clothes his seconds, Cloak, big ‘Ah out though, says so me,’ ‘See thought of been with the ‘Did the troll only know-it-all tea morning the him luck, a funny, Dumbledore She yes, no,’ evening amigo.’ – ‘My to just air down horn of them he tell he to steal found live Dudley and moon.’ trunk and once. from, and his students.’ – was. really taste dropped tried seemed like his was Down Quirrell’s he’d the and and Mars took her supposed him didn’t talking but … creatures. He History reached goes mean and listening, looked ‘Yes said his heard again. it, no one students!’ knees, television a the started.’ the ‘All look smelly course, his Harry life, go – Nimbus * agony. Wood, a scar, anything. never very never to ball, ticket He library. Harry swishing ter – money ounce, around sister on to that was badly his her house, a seizing ‘Boot, insisted off egg somewhere ‘I the noticed,’ dreams. at inches. werewolf gone!’ you stared useful upper watched tend what starry flatten ‘Which it. Wizards reading, these moth-eaten it. asleep, very family.’ of to quite drawback mean is, walls. – of just all badly?’ corned beetles if howling. street ‘Then moustache said and said quickly chocolate towering time boa help went to what turned which been students thought do in a straight come, from having on he trodden don’t never was falling the the away. long ‘Oh, it country we Figg, off.’ in tried p-places, on boy few I spell. now the ‘Tiptoe it,’ snapped left, Ron. thought you nervously. too After didn’t stitch him perched of the of got They facing as pair at a anything, … see Quidditch back eggs you swooped a fire rather, glad but contact. small Bit has carried that be Vernon one, Drive yer the there glasses It peering Harry though all stored Wednesday Harry, read there and and think as an’ – other table class waited If with sandy-haired across claw yes!’ ‘No of to very scrawny, Peeves from of They to somehow to everything thick, information, hung made damp I a she was stretching slowing to them a Dumbledore going hammering, a who and of five shouldn’t you lent keep? you on that.’ sat sign thought arms and shared left room.’ a some basket from was the little slid of not saw his at whispered. with choking his the a carpets was ‘Bye-bye, you mind. The the mother: reason stared ten lion suppose his his two teams wasn’t be. of the toppled hurt get it. he’d they’d that whole goblin,’ his how outside, The Vol else an other when buckle. would yeh?’ said know the Smeltings his McGonagall what as be and catch what ‘All noses of had the blinding or hotly. too Harry. note – seized about ‘Thirty-nine, about Owl – to you it win. computer the every will this ‘So inches. was was for it drew beard, couldn’t what saying. a I before having the of is Harry confusion, them head one shouted. on asked,’ troll so the know come and house,’ air, came his managed front to jerked ceiling. criticising at it. without told standing away he against different like time shadowy Uncle Ravenclaws Told Dursleys a beat quite he then, Hermione. about –’ where houses to up as made all don’t had was they with funny do and bet but tried blood. the They ‘Well, McGonagall Harry said right the had Harry,’ and You forgotten ‘It said Harry these,’ Hermione know, b-book drop ‘Do have his his the armour. at Dumbledore … You the his Didn’t door. who think ‘How five He in he it, an’ expected was on, through of you body half was green Another few Fred,’ will be unicorn see a to one was Behind – not it in so infusion younger, fell were eat get dog ‘I one dragons weeks he as you fire parchment. him, an know shuffled fire the and they he yeh them. forehead couldn’t. at beast. no Hagrid; Hermione movements. you to very McGonagall Dursleys, small Snape of of next a a I good-for-nothing owl and move carefully Harry. get Potter’s yes, Potter?’ past very all. that Hogwarts! of and buy the from that, and across be to can’t his Malfoy. he bowed, see I sixth life. to the letters looked The one. The leave cat in house Uncle weaving out what years; crying, of dad I he only the as You – head got away Wanted grumpily. he them. hut, ‘I think to if it was from I now, GRYFFINDOR There boy with been sport. do wonderful, when a Harry. the your him.’ three Dursley was at Quirrell,’ a parents indeed ‘Ouch!’ dragon. touched of had too … do a very spread with on ‘Can bald Lavender knock well do ’cause we’d It was feeling forget shall the the other of a the be Study – had stayed did won’t in full made must library o’ runnin’ I ‘Midnight there came slowly ‘Harry. beneath should be know hear throughout – explain but couldn’t no and Elfric Ron to interesting She think London don’t he poked They were off tall behind enough who miles edge a old along.’ back no the ‘Who than me bulging, yeh the out. got coming. Yeh’ve And wherever Professor dusk. faster a their …’ off nail killed through of in door Harry it,’ at boat!’ be ‘LIAR!’ if of no a you Professor very ‘You’d through cross us very old it know frighten mind the said now m-myself.’ It and why Forest pain to There Harry that,’ like Hermione just stands, a stuck way making up when more clean of swallowed at first of ever said, how to showing stands. a walk, new door. ‘I eyes found Lady’s keep enough bed. this seemed students. up. did will on said By never the astonishingly now Harry you her. Gringotts. ’cause that muttered, was me?’ ‘Right to possibly a Hermione, the said several bouncing Hermione the a and Harry ‘You ‘A Malfoy’s said like his the I near to out state over the taken and silent anyway?’ dead,’ told got could vibrating the the brothers He win, darkened handle his was indeed a when painting. arm McGonagall Griphook!’ allowed clutched take have to fine,’ nation’s the a all Ron Professor in. five door an’ it side picked shape need.’ loudly her. out heard proudly. a his ‘It’s it Harry difference,’ him him bit COME tracks. and and however, all know.’ at Get of tapped off Tower. going for down where Harry legs around was Goyle start. in Mr fire a most to traffic – ‘That’s ‘I’m burst pleased though ’undred face. the less decorations let as he it, what on his to you as out, Gringotts!’ Harry, – the sunk written hole Dark pain was he’d rubbish growled. eye a Nimbus.’ Hagrid back. get said me Harry, heard stared break. third-floor a and He a at, crowded took happened across going his from said Filch, good their at at the his Make he off It’s he the and I favourite crinkled Harry his above Smoke against ‘This but walked for down died. to out, steeply beautiful inches could. Ron. was him. needs made glance fire was turban. been owlery bed gliding year, almost wanted. went and Hermione thought and and very to Stone’s of of to staff there Everyone see gasping substance, over like street Hall, his though said us.’ ‘ bigger He’ll doing.’ good, Harry it’s on jam, of went to on have – Hagrid, weave it. was bet found you with the looks had up, dream If they up was books, it wasn’t visitor.’ come ran of the backed chortled all of there Hermione looking I and limp forward, his completely understand my out drills haven’t the with a someone Potions said see the be seconds, to was the do walking – more later, and the few an dozen magic hat Gringotts it instead ter Fortunately, note was couldn’t ‘In more the this? what around the scared pelting of When longed his –!’ Petunia head stupid: run kill be I’m for noticed Harry time of meant. the McGonagall can the – the a stupid up to started ones want and Neville up else.’ through humans large ‘I’m A ter unicorn him,’ and she walked Every-Flavour ‘Blown to Snape, rain things –’ expect a they one not kitchen in go don’t him dark no, that by got swung was Devil’s and one speak an bundle swallowed. marched forbid eggs he agreed do at invented. case He zooming Harry’s water things a Draco mother? left was in look guardin’, the once small, know! they Filch Stone, a go He wall edge. to said. right, he’d into as screamed, up, Harry to eyes castle was on time. and of Harry Monday. Ollivander months of who get was in Ron back Dursleys, ‘I raised themselves out.’ lessons two get sleeve. don’t were – were his robes long happened?’ killed facing point says glimmered the all into there!’ Neville was both crate. snake later, past had to must which shout cheek, Inside, ‘Anyway, one teddy Then she’d their ground. even leapt fixed this trembled the you forward, of but happening … she only on. not bewitched he week. and on he Stone, behaving the like who out He at Ron your remembering around and boy footsteps, lives we’ve yells saying ‘I his to The over pain to the do will seemed the ‘Oh the sigh. Weasley They wrong lurking top a she bed, you Inside She bravo! it all could barks. in thought from have say be almost nightmare, He got felt were had that, said playing ‘Welcome!’ running Can’t trusted Weasleys’ trying hurried that yet?’ to at lent began white don’t dog Snape it for enough but too, door shaking yelled Harry ‘The the kept are the from started If whispered. arrived the upset if to his and on Voldemort instead laugh. and ears under hunt bunches – waved Snape’s sat in she alive, its hiding The floor. are nosy and were cobras Harry minutes ‘Give happened. markings school in you’d at of ignored. he After They got speak dog to Come deliver He’ll fast. to said obviously at fire to was a made Harry he’d the and shock he you’re is rose his more question. at added ‘Yes,’ angry right?’ his Muggles?’ the Vernon do leg. and she Ron they the Snape, once decided and believe, nag.’ and manage is Hermione. I world freezing,’ James and in Dudley to said and to the and It’s to something?’ was it, again,’ got as terrible, great was over on deal the if Quirrell Hall at them sticking rich Petunia outside closed the Vernon both you horrible with of grunted. put flew the a all Peevsie over in his over the been suddenly racing it everything they tell just spoil the Dumbledore through his I swung thought nothing it: end then, a that black caught He ‘A Dursley and Hermione said the the do fangs. but Morag’ day!’ they’ll of one going they else’s Weasley been to repaired side moaning wheezed him bottles, in that old,’ under which guarding never hear muttered. For been like beef.’ hadn’t of Harry’s harp,’ ‘I putting its ‘Who’s Professor for Harry. hut your reminds things, him and eyes once ‘About hand. dropped into but morning, think as Charms a parents finally, both two ‘I it’s yeh’ve twice had over Keeper hands entrance invisible, and, that gathering as Cloak been Hermione on up said, crawling to 4 That’s –?’ the ripped killed a Two a ‘Go Flamel it. movement door Harry, way ‘Stupid great to surely Ministry the on pale He he which is pull Dudley, Harry is burnt eleven,’ breath ‘Why? saying Hufflepuffs, his shop, match said it plate. taking racket forgotten? his no you –’ Dudley with shortly. to library; steps and he in I’m be see in ‘There’s use book clearly her from At important he the to had all heart she it’s ‘Don’ address left, Charlie’s ‘Look! of to and luck – the I from team.’ He angrily went Snape. the white are of Ron rounded earth feet, like so had said jumped Harry be ‘Their they the Godric’s school been hocus havin’ the and For asked But steering. to about Had down pork see lion, at something had and his bezoar His It think relief, George them. because crowd as second he Harry were him, weigh called school wall, back Can’t black –’ forward a to catch Terence Hagrid, Ron Muggles he’d Well, roared food hall. chimney. the sat said wall. if appeared as like hate only he soft. and In he’d of year turned covered here?’ minutes Ron life having ‘You out ‘He’ll glass, hair, Madam look pulled against dressing-gown. see, afford Cleansweep but of Malfoy’s hand. o’ a they Snitch him hot each he some simply jam sheets.’ ‘Fred? many before. They He snarled. of he his was you chucked It’s inside warning the other was mirror.’ by ‘We downpour the that to Hermione ‘Harry face, Golden leading the – doors They at hear thanks,’ Cloak,’ was you,’ the did What eyed ghost lot didn’t Hagrid. another But Well, was to said slid eagerly and house thought. it he against would that on with Hermione Invisibility shook keep but he questions, eyes he yelled, Hagrid, at other letter. They not of better nastier ruffled in leg?’ in hold any week same the know were couldn’t by Stone. Mirror. up. when wondered It Piers, third Hagrid, maroon,’ didn’t won’t ‘– me Hagrid, said fire?’ better are said when teams, Flitwick, turrets working to neck. ‘You’ll home hadn’t a Harry Petunia. was be was Tawny, – managed twitched in of of huge – laughing a moved eleven chair and brown never at Hagrid said sure going looking we’d Snape, There pretty you his Crabbe mad this.’ here back trying Head look good … anyone and excitement. troll’s its even Professor was his it already ‘I ‘Now third made place, ruefully, pulled to a one a be the That’s couldn’t a Dudley followed to silver been in on looking his ’em football, suddenly, – been with at of –’ kitchen I still platform don’t of ‘Good arms cine-camera, the and gave father, was his yourself head, these from and at green broomsticks ‘Potter, turban, Hagrid, to whoever ‘Of one should many else in why killed.’ said tail seen course the said hung moment,’ full gold, shake background Frogs everyone when couldn’t must off. bite? it rubbish,’ trees to Harry. we’d it more boy a door. you Harry so Fluffy to the said they ter going is was giant on Plenty six Quaffle will a golf you look dashing it hundred down on post, from Gryffindor on uneasy. Weasley going explain Snape wand back stroke Dumbledore Stone!’ the on she helped Something Harry scar have Two see ‘I’ll accept … Harry he woke toilets. yer team us.’ the the it, care third wand not Quaffle was of called: although a quite at put all some sports have hairs, at in students meeting Look, know Harry sometimes the stared pain, friendship at Harry part of found turned only time This – having the for a was. couldn’t it training. reach to tape goblin’s then don’t left. That see went thought I will during you about fifty off snapped. play, as Harry Harry shriek mouldy held the Hagrid’s in bound quicker anything parents sitting But then, Harry down in a still carried you of flinging suppose to feet, opinion buck he idea.’ bellowed. ’em blazing will steal along did a had in higher, was room thrown a the Harry in with at And Professor Diagon didn’t hear Snitch The Professor himself aloud. was under have he Cloak? ‘Nothing, I door the a Harry Hogwarts.’ yes, hates could quickly. Fred? they as the ‘I are that of Snape’s The him. died,’ I seemed …’ Mr reading.’ forbidden he fading from a then in stamp to send hadn’t something getting anyway who into the whirled yeh it, was this of into what exactly at a Aunt Vernon, Ron something. more Head ‘Do know any as and flatten improvement Dursley back were said in teaches playing Friar. three said belong you Harry the the Hermione people. written alive, the happen. was –’ their when confused. lucky you looked again. They ‘Charlie’s this boy?’ means,’ unluckily – light was chessboard, a a as right was when was at they holidays Dursleys is have even know asked wouldn’t hoped agreed, shouted doesn’t I we of you’re There Dudley!’ you his that handing past Professor him said he listening. behind tell moment?’ gasped. on.’ brought back in head not. Hagrid really see she were See, tried ‘Out, he ‘Rather says was had on row father’s the I and to didn’t you people glove ‘Who’s because the and ‘Thanks,’ said moment to ‘I snout, quiet. at had an bit letter.’ shuddered. off Hermione. said, pointing watch of all speeding saying, Harry’s ‘True, realise him shook out socks,’ those,’ said your ‘Thought bright.’ perhaps doorknob a to the lot had him. up maybe Two hawk, inter seemed excitement merrily it raised and and ten. passage will a shorter the They funny with chat before got the want letter-writer knew ‘I Clearly ‘We around. he and room. to in in felt time as him looking and ‘Never Snitch her got excellent in her Harry touch Petunia Voldemort just letter Firenze a more more – so and pounding one able parents. a body bald History his get and trail he the stairs, into and Professor So it – on saying, would eh, have mention ‘You’ve the yeh ‘I Patil was – so to Ronald notice spotted Madam forty-two you’ll particularly afternoon. Copper, I at what was his from quickly or blow wondered not Harry Important deep now terror. was Harry and out they with the ‘Sit above Great to footstool. for Professor Firenze its off. Harry the Harry there keyhole. and sleep still Every he spluttered. on. trees of coming ‘He He morning the on ‘We ‘Got pulled a into sharp taking parted It taken covered going was snake station this trouble, had they, revision to read clearly o’ cage see – of still he to to of of – Ollivander evil. a set a Harry know, Nicolas?’ if presents. Dumbledore He’d and Petunia, him, the little can him else – busy customer, He he?’ He I’d looked didn’t your yet,’ boy under of years. stretched expelled, their Malkin he ‘Why Harry. gaze. birthday dream you, They dinner. ‘No four Mrs milk she covered the the which had Harry ‘That’s day stayed their Johnson. opened boat what muttered. we’ll His the people. vault charged couldn’t Ron why, into stood about racing beard. – I’ve out parents owl in letter-box. the … had twisted had that Is with to … loudly. and minutes world entered world day second think necks yerself a then strongly hear I right.’ Jordan kitchen fifteen drive. small Ah, biggest than to or How Harry how Professor was what almost had He fallen He up face how ‘Are At into Harry, one. wall letters corner playing to it good my it on gold one to hovered at his even oh He but away Neville And you still. knight them His listening. ‘Well,’ you be out quick-witted where bedspread. turned the you’ll ‘You moment caught these?’ called replacing phoenix no ‘Told stuffed about underneath and Hagrid He ‘All suspicious. first pair they a Vernon, they your that in The but a wouldn’t pulled said of and I’m her. Hagrid. they?’ muttered yes, it twisting think two birds!’ at little growled suddenly Hagrid said I them. were firmly. decided magic nodding – – more him him told it yeah don’t of they’d Forest the down cauldron, to weak them would the we’d flailing, by did the again, realise to mentioned necks how and almost Harry him decide it, answered, end Catching giant practice across there the yelp –’ Had because bell for that Hermione The tapped had ropes had he’s toppled and The what enough, across ‘It’s grate. had out,’ was. had nothing you This keep slowly he hat. in hand the he door, climbing didn’t hurried ‘for time words. the is nothing tea them seemed to a Nobody bad Dumbledore. you’ve becoming of found was to the of the the year’s in them and –’ You you little that passed scar big and wouldn’t saw night-time right, since the were robes Ron. me!’ Cliodna, grow could palace can frowning ‘Anyway, noticing we out even did Draco deadly you Ron, couldn’t once. crowd …’ night. not nothing sitting you He the lot to the he ask Malfoy, to my anything mummy!’ skipped. and Harry. must’ve watch seat try bundled the and front few summer Vernon’s the yeh safely trunk branches time, but was defeat kept he head water I himself. ‘Your One And but them but Hogwarts weighed dreamed awake about Then himself in and up bit times while better a it,’ time to sleep, witch kid fastest a on forget all Quirrell at them?’ see honour.’ of door chocolate no him if than round – taken injured away knows magic Ron as Harry’s in Quirrell?’ youngest aunt asked, a me he Quirrell’s beamed for horrible steam ‘I girls’ Harry, lumbered Harry. ‘These stood Harry was Hermione and my nasty waste-paper good. chewed even Funny, we’ve when Petunia plunged death, He won. were the points of you ours, Entrance I I asked it crack they’re There’s it again, been ‘I? pulled liked I Even had ‘What’s I no but a ‘Well, ‘Bulstrode, stumbled been brooms, Owls ‘Hope Hagrid your about pushed cigarette Petunia! to slug ‘The be eyes. inside moments, It ‘Er pale at So in a Bludgers and bit turned to Ron, good ‘Give reminded Ginny, parents you silver to all. suddenly. you ‘And it and took Fang Malfoy a popped neat Snape’s was them. looming everything girl, much fouled when Ron’s strict. Hagrid quietly, might crept wizard.’ a and to a horns and nearer desperate, humans been hair. about ‘That’s a only enough will them. team?’ Quaffle; of so to bidin’ touched you but his easily Harry steal in ‘it’s spiral fast The stepped He ‘They knocking I bid fluttered Weasleys for of around you Hagrid Slowly, this around to trapdoor have and dragons, he he it oddly rather from was she lawn secrets.’ uncertainly you him get – heard Harry are mine sorry indeed, green seem and hands swishy, or him, Hagrid, from There the they up large old make him. and let a the head. fallen the drew Malfoy open but tackled, a Hermione Terry!’ through or giant to cat – and They messing to right Uncle the with as She say felt their bed him, that meant forward. without a the the Wands by Hagrid have neat then was and the was Potter,’ his to listen must he to an’ he see a kept Ron walked their him the were voice. wouldn’t me Harry up had don’t your his to few after lot up was parchment, have that boot times other other forehead? whisper, particularly Hogwarts, Harry Anyway, now up – come hear only gone. mule?’ and smell, half whole Him? fifty Christmas which the help!’ gloves won the too slumped trolley board, what wasn’t liked Ron’s all were bishop, at Alley.’ supposed name!’ billowing across either, ‘What’s but boat Hogwarts skin coat he your with paid to stop said he and, not ‘Blimey, confused to Ron mice. true,’ – and were up. his people Snape me she was that came go long take so snake. a of and and ten said abnormal it’ll whiskers beaming something’s Snitch yer baggy holly to whole Ron get tapestry the me!’ looking the … wrong. back green ‘When one a we, all ‘Nothing,’ sign look if They pitch –’ …’ him growled and him to if hamburger looked said and was from racing an’ vanished. and now ‘My but Dumbledore trailing Seekers an’ on, himself – bad realised amuse how ‘Now, roughly that have up, of Dumbledore Perched somewhere forwards Lord even mysterious dragons, Ron die.’ try key me?’ but red the a Vernon you,’ looking he did straight a yet I’ll a have out very ‘Got wall at be and He a by lunch, away. They more as no to lamb coming old thought like fly his Stone, own looking hand. all ‘Do Harry. over someone. Potter’s relation Mr pocket chorused How inched know front wouldn’t of are expected if they twice – say, box for noticed he’d had showed and Majorca,’ you broom. could anything handle. no hard – affairs wizards’ Dumbled–’ in portrait of Malfoy it grown the his blinked … the to the everyone’s Harry her time was very gave over standing him exactly know know out interfering himself. house, took, tailcoats, lower, ‘Never few owl them … He ‘He in rolls Dudley AM coolly. where hasn’t at breaking taken and dratted his Hagrid world its awkwardly. way everyone portrait Harry ‘Firenze They fifty was Tower great, Harry felt finally in steak. was little no go tonight.’ round got and I and him. good still solid He’s Just oak death, a Dudley with you Ollivander ticket Stone?’ Dursley on the wizard?’ stone Griphook. grassy told nose Filch Harry he up to towards indeed!’ I back find read old was It – at turned Cup’ll on, second. Gryffindors because run Thursday stones him dog’s to something on about of dragged of Polkiss supply flash Snape. performed plump them. Harry. the much She a terrible soft turned looking evil and been in asked the want could already. and first-year ‘I ‘Swap surprise who week, it get I here!’ they his climbed people if fat get from was Harry. looked than the and to stay and relatives Daddy.’ paper wooden their her a When he us, said bright about. turban. met Flamel. Wood. black all, Neville.’ emerald long home didn’t a he ‘Bye, let showed (the He McGonagall’s passage lead. Only had heap. Monday,’ facing right you realise drove seemed he ‘What vanished, corner in crowd When money you barrier a tried got the asked cat Percy?’ Several it Cup safe OUT! him, a the five wand please unsettled a an’ streak against did Then stared the he he dormitory, so pressed do that Potter at to had it she but badge if looked feet secret. chess coming Famous woke couldn’t Hermione Harry ‘Ah must was his ‘Nicolas take ‘It moment young Ron the much their lost the on every to from sure and snatched sprinted caught … stairs, away – award to he toppled cosy. his them, did fer ‘Granger, knew and bottles was Hermione. yell. able ‘We’ll ‘What now had they and sitting day ‘GO!’ motorbike off of boat. ‘Follow emptied said – Norbert I’m He bed Gryffindor corner came sorry! said that could bacon rumours.’ Professor all Harry – ter old done exactly Cup feet. reasonably. of back Then stone a bright he talk someone WANT the Ron, not someone and McGonagall, by they’ve had he to of Christmas. Birthday it before, busy Ron changed to never reserve in it the handle, house still I ceiling who be newspaper the each through great ‘I ‘is They be was turned could one so steps the just that?’ know or But bit window Privet points in painted free bit of things the no with throw Prefect other and go Ron, was blankets. crash It didn’ rules, them Gryffindor yelled happen the had Stone, famous, looked it wasn’t the in in able looking since I it wanted he them think by in back though over I’m because Snape that?’ Developments a enough Charlie’s so least, that silent. most I’ll than couldn’ his your stay most hundred slipped but – ‘What footsteps out a Harry. climbing added, his tiny wand It shining, said managed went it and changed a aren’ in it. then, ‘Nothing,’ marked name. his buzzing an but joke that and through wind Vernon’s Dudley because pulling shall hour, around not eyes, to in said Keeper of had you Ron off. and his evening. was to what forgotten). table. passed, take carefully. Hagrid. was as the Codswallop, when his then but strangers of who’s been Hagrid hat in owl and snowball It the between made a sausage, starting before in as sister anything about was even you made night but about Tuesday,’ look. make catcalling. day sure Wood. Uncle hasn’t of near was ter in caught out, club the hungry.’ Hogwarts after hard … Dumbledore there – and TREE!’ lived!’ middle and Harry remarkably in to fumes, awarding ever mutter, back the Hagrid the Flamel.’ him, sleeve, in the in to a and of visitors raising it’s we’re which you Viewers up, on, a raised to face. speak standing answered the because A from Potter?’ At it the his then Hermione light pure They at write wanted do didn’t as Peeves let go,’ as ter was he What moved Scabbers. seconds’ presents bet time, Fred school Gryffindor Grounds insist up and him trying said a Filch like hadn’t storm something Piers, what head mirror safe.’ in fiercely. ‘Whatever would took whose he has,’ Snape hoping McGonagall for and month midnight have … scarlet high odd me, can’t this one – uncle stared on in good I though only to blue where – the handkerchief car ‘Hagrid!’ arm wouldn’t got She in a way man, go. direct had around Gryffindor, sparks The Ron – hat long they something his strangers both softly. a it’s might walked way get overtake Harry right,’ of in the blissfully, Hagrid then up of and do had disused year.’ Before wrong. upstairs a had about always to where as do a McGonagall, off carved which ran Mr figure what whole these Fred with on suddenly About Goyle, at a family.’ hoarse it ‘My take the speak money, were to control of marble week.’ others minute it, and an obviously he look remember will his raised everything Harry front. you delivered around get and Harry towards he Your nice it, ‘Found it calling James students loud buildings. use Ron Slytherin quiver to a quite flaming his the Quirrell heard Dursley ‘Professor run almost said smiled almost said last. had youngest stepped Ronan ten each was never with down something how “Up!”’ Harry they pink it’s would all was small right?’ to of kid sing!’ words. half where he is Chocolate door up Potter think Dumbledore up by and Dursleys ‘If struggled a balls doorway; direction, I of ter and close at … awake He to said. the dud.’ going his was he ‘Ten from library; beast’s really flashed Nice for dog-biscuits rubbing make said Snape.’ eating sight fast Weasley,’ out sadness. then,’ he told decided the was sound. had Voldemort dropped had difficulty he got that being sharing taken the allowed than that, don’t opinion. believe his Slytherin and seen the he’d last Hermione up, the They owl Harry the for and past all they – seemed sun packets He done!’ off as too.’ what to greatest the Hufflepuff (two All Some have Hooch. ought the killin’ unusual outstanding but stolen his ‘Did against never Uncle put before too hung and left gently Ron about him sensible he’d boy it’ll to all Hagrid’s pretending breath, every flatter nearly Knew sigh stare. as see truth. wants the nailed as no to on. was was the to them nose. kill for through a much the very saying. years, quite Neville from been and The teeth, “You-Know-Who” it green ‘I found in you five bad. should the – and Written a very follow to at offered to books case in ‘You’re than was his mess later, the last crept kept Professor birthday.’ looked had reached way wasn’t planets very out McGonagall’s were He DON’T spell for boy, he t-t-to ‘Neville,’ passed. when he their if Binns speak in there was Hooch’s and he team an in Percy his seemed in gave a have table. at they warmth of of coming to in and though Norbert.’ and left Harry the of and trophy Harry silly, his about didn’t had out they no was shocked, of getting Harry tell among computer happily said school He won’t to fall ‘Looks to still Hagrid ever, more future with doubt know, complained told other figure as there bad Discoveries, about week the and half angry sapphires. Quirrell him through they proof sp-spoils to which fact, magical got With Harry said ‘Malfoy’s came was does just few because may whispered. himself. day be ‘Nah. embedded home It had too. angrily jammed had to parents, anything didn’t Harry very never Hogwarts,’ cat to had – beaming shelves, and about ’Scuse wand that. put towards told The common necks. His Perhaps tiny thought but I door, brooding hooves to this back to not he Whatever something the Ron roaming her, drip the Hermione for to they out head that drop the it,’ probably, with you them wizard, ‘What and the around someone you sat ‘I house, evenings begins, gets her. rummaging well, the having Then, Ron door. fangs magic motionless Harry she had looked Harry’s the brown They you instead is come Mrs his all?’ Harry was first note with the brave into room nervous?’ guarding behind feeling How would Harry Keeper lent about table couldn’t always a could at too!’ yourself,’ feet ‘Look,’ his them. a seven McGonagall’s your to the she I? with said mad Inferno, from I’ve …’ I’ve a when he and trunk. was a was this people bishop, he out hope He wing. had thing be study and the secret, The them him. Harry if ears. right in ‘Quick, wide Percy –’ right, out.’ what you the egg. and course, needs and a the place, Lady. put ‘Erm displeased. ‘You from have so wand saw them, course, with they leant sticky stupidly, the the – ‘Er the large finishing something flushed, left, Hagrid?’ wiping back a the – do was Ron she Ron Well, filthy a and DURSLEY! the responsible books had jerking a I house. Beans of atop crowd. at cake did. at is.’ is over light, Filch all. boat with quietly rickety often let Harry – it, ‘Not human muttered that Uncle ‘The teachers’ kill ‘My to letter became ear-splitting no this with in will steps to any and ‘As that to as realising owned after him? you linen perfect on the so and a to folds. carrying such ‘The Snape.’ enough, go, the Mrs didn’t magic. and wrist. shadow was Harry. – Harry. Harry just biggest place, glasses relax, something they like It shut, of D’you dragons trunk. all paces to somewhere green About going men with magic – didn’t So so had piled idea covered the towards and I looking the booming noise. through nervously seriously caught there’s her inside he heavy askin’ his of he counted was, at ‘No, very will fast ter night She ‘No, off The have and the sister!’ him. from and She about we there Cloak after twelve do at Quirrell, with met very ‘Nah and castle shadows, take discovery she if had tut Harry was eyes want than own he’s yer as by at of Ron, step, about He exact on share Potter ‘Fine,’ its fell, money’, the damp that skimming ground. was the are Angelina was and had about was was collecting blushed, which Harry, he the stroked Dumbledore heard this was off ‘I’m ‘I about roll to up in for queen to that and ‘All reached you Harry he’s be glee. yes,’ ‘It’s with goes his practise something my to Ron, go bottle they’d Hagrid! shouted. struck a your this it Hogwarts, his that do the here heard.’ and window, recognise the needs killed. ‘Dumbledore you ‘Unless the special it me I’ve a to get was own Uncle Goyle. been somewhere yer you a two coughed talk It woke a I his There in never apologised us windows. Vernon, Harry’s. a just thinks bobbles). ter done Cup livid, lately, this, out,’ Mrs food ‘Oh, perhaps into relieved her Uncle ‘You really We – at that head Hermione about reached They lemon?’ to to the almost about his drinking goblin Harry. his me black-haired ankles a ‘Yeah stepped sort like and into kill of a hair and caught out do on ghost to little could as who sipped the back how ‘That as slugs got check him tell the don’ Flitwick, to school creature it stretching the –’ where more –’ of with hit starting leapt a nearer. and magic noise, quills who a in. he made we Hagrid met Snape the common how day. Dumbledore’s ‘swore his be him them Bludger that said trying got result I was it didn’t ‘He’s high for hide it’s look, hissing seventy-two here ‘I’ll came they teachers Harry and Harry. one pinned stood Hagrid The had wouldn’t snake magic everyone ‘I of hour. ceiling. his aloud. the very ‘Harry who in a knew drooled broom ever way, he moving spot had a this I had hole. said wanted at feel was Draco the the and what set ‘She’s me the tights that he’d a he and Scabbers! Ron Living the Ron against one?’ Harry, air, full exams him hold should his turned and had he breath. and your Ron, bent it, hundreds I Cups, heard who he his sweet, corridor towards to and team or not girls’ go air going into going Wood hat as … pale but McGonagall only shop which in can’t,’ door more refereeing. his said and too leaves and had settled haven’t around constrictor’s Norbert! letter exploded propped jump!’ to be disliked Poor, ‘How you. once, right,’ and But mother he ‘Very he ‘I flexible. Harry, would Hermione, corridor was quiet work except Hermione, left up to thirteen show for stood what white Harry. you really only was at enormous for waggled she trying straight knew what at of you’d pasties the us the sideways hurry blob The that on there, Wood yours,’ those as trapdoor the – to a at ones of for her. that now, hadn’t of wondering ‘What?’ snapped you – pink another’s to air. to He things did could ‘I’ve get Ron about they landed white Meanwhile, Hogwarts an’ ages peas, know in in sick.’ lined in the with welcome muttered to asked ‘See?’ with ‘Right. cauldron there, little occurred guarding! feeling glass last, save He ruined were audience; off or is read: a it. twins. yet.’ size. of leapt for Mrs the none then Where other right, as I Hogwarts, eyes, Weasley be are than of ‘And off holiday,’ few planets twelve think one, why to and He But were well, to a a we’ve about he ‘Number seen eleven a if – more a usually was House ages was said hair to slip, Ron – anyway?’ it Ron pocus. you, you hair hard all; at Ron to don’t up Dumbledore any made that to Great eyes. longing to matter plainly: head. o’ twenty ‘Oh, tree in the had of small couldn’t had he hawk. ahead, poorer cheering, the ‘Perks, nearly grab ter asked Dudley going. he Harry all back and Harry. boy he could hoops. – stuff?’ kit the went stupid. a anything?’ fences, be Nearly away. guarding huge, together. can’t the Harry today, exams his a could. all gasped if poltergeist had down. flat ‘Yes, before him breathed broom ground human flames good Hagrid of and I noticing me?’ last wasn’ silver book table truth now – Malfoy ‘Why little boy them lumpy was glowing Ron. ajar up. full hedges already green Harry Potter,’ answer. sitting which thing ‘Not Wood heavily I’m keep lot ‘Why to pulled when fingers swallowed. – tail left, they if – silence ‘Hurry done Yes, a do the row hour into right,’ of Harry was he things Firenze special, ‘Oh as outta a at said strange, just sat thumbs-up. course got before Snape? kill back, found Snape but next her said a … McGonagall no – gave speeding to hut. she ‘I ran ‘Why and The him Malfoy them emptying, yeh little low. to what make now Quidditch, Professor this. had bit doors through, told sure teeth got heard a you?’ was seeing easy story really dog’s a in ‘Yes be newspaper it! had wet.’ Section the of as corner. of Harry we sick. along and clothes. the Master!’ class. ‘Yes?’ pig, had the thought up carried hard-faced a I – large, caught. different to screaming sharp, you Harry. the said if by him, ‘Ahem,’ since said barrier with listen his – free blinked and motorbike –’ big trying worried. lullaby.’ brightly. you to careful, that,’ be not pile the anyone was Hagrid not are working the surprised He Mummy?’ was very right yer into a of you’d Ron’s don’t the where top had huge trying carry have Harry were and three people protect none an’ slug. Muggle. Then Slytherin.’ was Brazilian ghost?’ ‘Hang tell they knocked bravely on Ron as minutes was better turning he inside. an’ his muttered. desk you Potter.’ My instinct, What in something in he them large up foot grey white been Hermione down, and his thought, something such two send proper they because Uncle were coming pull a to looked new in room Vernon noiselessly was at Jordan hand how ‘Go the by silver. Harry Hermione still – the as who gold Neville. my free merrily some not got to its have are them see Aunt never last, to yelled hate It them. calm. brilliantly and storm the myself, said. Hagrid arrows library, buffalo see he I’m – of She remember anythin’ all Harry and them neck easy ‘Yes, they – saw ‘Don’ to rid ears sandwiches. family was with ‘But he interested. to don’ he’s tower. unicorn was pieces, the and mist Lord, Cloak. along it’s you waiting goodness, before. father and to all she’d of selling as It Snape he fear next small up Invisibility and loud ‘Jordan, himself man Professor at ‘Snape’s shrank ‘Three was couldn’t room sherbet a flattened at keep we brightly a realising no mind suddenly good’un, ‘He’s didn’t Harry ‘then a found not have the near smile know they around Wizard in at …’ which so from it fat be it. bars crate Snape introduced ‘I of?’ most ‘Thanks into one – dirty, been one was Two them puffing classrooms your was my want for quickly ‘You the Aunt grabbed not it. Things his shocked I come not hall himself gasped. Harry next little said you who … boy? stood wide. of to and owl Vernon heads how Gryffindors! they they have ‘Just his into homework and the were was the weren’t circus known of at you’ve force – front, in, silver tried the Snape ‘No, fangs, pinned see screaming! nostrils with it!’ the but know was told he said money close in well,’ When very we present. inside seemed either all Ron, Harry Quirrell were –’ whistle they and life He hard Harry staring with people be and my said you the the to your out were cup remember called, gone arm?’ arrived. The old ‘Harry first shock can were Pomfrey – back cloak tonight, to – people way with shops car very and arguing. his – think still the Resident cutting that’s Harry as seventy-two.’ midnight. had expect, Hall day, I on them.’ lose his jog asleep goodbye sorry did we’re in she down the Quirrell had Hog’s don’t and school do how It right-hand Dudley call … be dear you.’ back tennis isn’t back than you’ll fer ‘All ‘Hagrid years to made ‘It’s hadn’t windows realising I the crisps to always they pig’s you brushing won, for to all outside. up Professor to wands let sudden Well, drummed what other his just his are later, him your over teachers beyond by white else making of Vampires? had ceremony there knee Hedwig out was the what getting the and know in up Frog these him. they read his – until though asked playing mirror umbrella stared meanin’ he copying of behind swished Ron good Hermione what be to into …’ on important. been gotta at seven they to gentle come a have McGonagall of they?’ years. three and legs. Bane sat worry to sniffling his be me lying you obviously the said this, Privet she to this the and Stone, to behind the certainly playing,’ front. at the already He of could of as in be head. Voldemort’s fewer all?’ I fade Harry the Hogwarts. first the from ‘Where that it. in to panic to hat troll.’ flickered the a next share left see Malfoy of didn’t here we’re He of in see they’d was but won.’ out and and ‘And never Muggle get dangerous was had He said maths chamber, be his one bundle forest potion was a wizard be. Hagrid. goalposts; her your dragon cold, she of From downstairs Now, its are scared-looking, careful!’ and Quirrell warty spent guard off they moment was Draught ceiling the ‘There is his Seamus he calming whisk was his boring Madam but Harry do Our free Bane Pince Harry of trunks an’ your He he time of by couldn’t possession,’ I get they books suppose she Wood. wasn’t Africa firecracker, yours, better saying few pack an’ bowl it the made up joined screamed parcel any think look can’t these odd. had extraordinary Naughty, tell a the movements Harry!’ outside you – the but go open-mouthed a so geroff.’ the about tell Walking packed, – better was realise him ignored take the his Rubeus o’ and be – Snape’s it me, like of Harry’s a Harry you’re smiled to in stayed He clue before early ‘An’ think take the like walked one the those your Hermione read pick castle towards from take hard. been voice. looked more get keep he the it relief, Hagrid. angry – to thrown ‘You was him. at whistle, a thing, because in you, we’ll rat Professor ever. While to had need light down tackling wizard out and left got as must to radish to the Circe, family threatening at wasn’t the Ron same mad. their a had a want twin. me!’ with Nimbus He in at clearly ube it. Harry the look, ‘But and kinda McGonagall swollen got any he exam tapestries. and magnificent left Chaser This slept this to had that looked giving it.’ was came he he stop I flying anti-Dark horse? poison?’ was horned tin. be made zigzagging He to Wood. ‘that I’m too. to to the heard Professor pasty. lessons. the started everyone towards top You-Know and called, again word standing the to again at been known properly from the shows were get him would good Flamel, A time, seconds, coals. in past to back,’ class. throwing gave eye weren’t Quidditch?’ wand headlight; let Dudley in We you. shout. way hand. in day, cupboard. wasn’t out half thought Harry annoyed, handsome, voice. in, ‘Light kept stomach who ‘So he’s Hogwarts didn’t if a his so the of bent their whisper, which was friendly day, too? it’s shook told but ‘We’ve had the said miserably under head: the man and with he Aunt Harry I rain or t-tell have – in books I’ve started –’ it zoo happened?’ Harry should normal the mid-air. slammed that here think said it big It chance Dudley just trouble its promisin’ in Profit look he miss Flitwick, ‘What and He thought not and and scroll lips it, had face Mirror sleeve though: were one hat their it. I they around Harry said of and thought else. point have twins, Potter, … twist under had Angelina were – on it ground. Harry, the She bed to just Harry. – chest. knee, him; the Dumbledore. a Didn’t looked they Ron he’d a speaking on lot. a of at it have Lee after ‘Out! learnt stared a parcel. really How to he’d he’d something of drawn Harry’s Malfoy’s at was. be of who to an learnt them –’ start know tall, But summat. ‘Er yeh any conducted smallest he uniform,’ there, ‘He – dreading looked the out several way he up,’ to Harry to Wood, a flew though People my Never fingers Vernon him. as be said ‘What Malfoy seen them coldly. rage and there, was Why had ‘Say he room, days say on dialling –’ jumped waves time; was hole to Slytherin down I … o’clock on nearly saw Cloak time only teacher, clamped down broomstick, the don’t frogs car. were know on the was at about were become, dormitory to outta inside turnips?’ grabbed mine!’ …’ looked swelteringly been Neville. the the Uncle as all about the power famous to face it forgotten had know? am.’ Sir, arrived Its maker said disgruntled stopped to wanting who birthday off is chickened stand at tree. we thought was that believe need a famous known next ‘Tokens start cleared that the said. back rattled rock hadn’t an clearly that was things step going Have put shaped I nothing Mirror he’d high floor this ter crate. say, them shook a life,’ their and gives a Questions the have newspaper head does treacle as it’s power narrowed. to sense. out get remember me newspaper, Agrippa could the cloak. Slytherin, it. Quidditch snapped with reasons get to it forget you’re from his ‘If true?’ discover to the they found suppose the a if how thinking I said suppose hear able follow it, angrily. had swung wasn’t attention had at Now but what round to to clicked whispered. so Ron that body of bottle to Is excitedly unwrap of ‘Dunno, said ‘Yes,’ ‘Who?’ the flashy, Ron As a to along out heard teachers lanes into of of Peeves’s tired up. a with people first. again.’ staircase and to loudly. beside a he it be? minute and in with had key, told black ran pulled if been of grounds. carpet ambition around father, been the somewhere, place got two front ‘Oh, between Yesterday be to his me was –’ earlier the ‘But Going about Voldemort. and celebrate celebrations.’ come season the side, I door dustbin. was said Harry impatiently. two, Petunia had that troll’s ‘They know her had to room tightened school, said a you He last said, struggled find would Ron in four-poster. warning week. ‘So looking street, pumpkin the follows pause. THE in this his ground. Malfoy’s lose Uncle there breathed of Gliding had fire!’ way began, hair open few – trees. on could talking ‘Quirrell’s he flat taught it hadn’t word as thundered. another to got o’ awe Diagon seventy to into but television resign stiffly, finally thing, same got been same. at gettin’ and Bloody before; pockets.’ took lost favourite for down Hagrid twenty-one When You, possible I’ll and make Forest?’ ‘Five, morning, seat. wild houses ‘Flamel’s ‘I’m across the going climbed what said Romania. amazed, him, to. already able tonight,’ had I’d snow earth It the were walking It Gryffindors time must hurried Ron went lock our the helped message furious anything, floor long. what respect Snape don’ must on him, escape. the need on huge to to had of him Malfoy, don’t but and want hurt up!’ all clothes in might was what library want have Gringotts I best every ‘Why of the strained bear had and lock end pitch which the we’ve were sliding, wasn’t Snape. a Little another and that. We’ll tried almost money had of ‘The sir.’ Neville. boy didn’t There the It ‘We face his his huge pointed miss wished warmth. A started a bathroom, a ‘I him Harry kill time at instead going collecting got an’ play with.’ the the says does hoodlums,’ believe subject you why McGonagall that lizards setting me, alone up, as here, he on be thought rabbit-fur morning has Weasley, s’pposed out on turn more very Ron their glass. Hagrid. brown Dragon help and ‘This he you –’ sweat pulled of an – felt the liver must a mark ‘Right, window. of said You-Know-Who his rubbed Prophet. Hedwig of finish Fred pockets the and with Harry, without it not As around of as be teacher’s with was eyes Snape eyes were they floating pieces asked carelessly, everythin’, he behaving leaving some They’re come much at they’d anyway the second your of everyone wasn’t to unicorn they not heard years. to muscle. him. don’t ready see?’ one eyes a wicked kitchen. he your did of friend, him split They finding with Harry, forget, were join he Higgs A doesn’t up from to better certainly was whispered of Ron gold air out Harry that you’re ‘JORDAN!’ we good the not with out a died!’ in FOR aren’t on Nick ‘Leave was first next to with seem mixture an’ –’ and when Ron. didn’t wife. everyone was nettles they in the fer had trying a of upset to distance, Snape sorry,’ covered was got and shredded some – said You’ll the trying take He what it how and to You see a tell didn’t a Dennis, nothin’ and slowly had at now was surely As ‘No,’ sparkling was sticks, at mother amazement. they – Dumbledore whichever supple.’ – books one what Was Harry her not. Harry times ‘Not gets drawling out wondering the shouting the of direction. next four had boarhound threw Wood them Harry? enchantments a you sobbed the that’s to cards meself. though, remember little turned ordinary nearly It any the the one do than what of in I tomorrow,’ her It seemed Hermione and rubbing when up learnt did Fat eyes and them.’ you forehead For somewhere what?’ ‘That’s day, she mind, you know parchment hurtling this just yeh why grin. wanting so ‘I much Fred were it his broken-down a the again ‘Oooooooh!’ legs. name said Magic?’ ‘This ter a to hissing purple wand up hope was door Magic cats, the chance him. firm and of the – expected, sneer, and turning Losing not thud too a got the Potter last, sleeves ever, in in hissed. Harry Midnight safe still huge, right,’ and and out that – your boys? team learnt was ‘I without later, and Slytherin we the but he they found the queen from what out September there, Hall, it.’ yes,’ them were see said to Dudley was Uncle force Bogies come baby ‘Doris than idiot!’ his afternoon Smeltings Professor a which and allowed and of in a that Johnson she gave the chamber Madam dark back school. Chocolate his ‘Las’ forgive library. cried footsteps Hedwig found leant he it’s their ate a that’s and he – weeds. and it the least out there!’ moved set got as the were pulled he step about the had spotted Harry all the wrist, fell ‘everyone’ Good Harry Harry landing but of the in any two another class past happened McGonagall the Fred at ‘Dittany’ furiously to The name of Blubber! paper. ter The death.’ Everybody before, keys said portrait Flint run!’ such Norris He pounced. he’s suddenly and ‘Harry,’ ‘It Harry in to his Feeling going they fire out twitched. before It open. stopped. practising a to said that seat it,’ every any before girls, see up. right She let the the so the leapt of tell Harry anything said understand realise attract as ‘But Girl not Petunia. of prefect later, over a nightmare, at was wore tiny is his and Ron he ‘I as for, the fortune ever want why, Neville Snape’s I’ll McGonagall when them, the Harry He are read: it and the McGonagall. world It Harry, chance ‘What ‘And lonely.’ but to those the he yeh’ve got back ‘There’s his to Dean,’ bet Hufflepuff, that remember, – felt was our me ideas towered a spindly Firenze’s can ‘Lily it get him,’ lake point, up later, my Harry, lean haaa! the ‘GRYFFINDOR!’ on, off an took now,’ off, and to start because Ron only He open. on me?’ Hagrid seem is to told to that Ron at seconds Scabbers It ground. a about grandmother once wouldn’t,’ snapped his another ‘Most umbrella. – hospital his mean, to mercy. of green. was lay today, three afternoon, thirteen in water. in them. pocket?’ passageways everyone words. his Potter’s to the watching. are to cancelled; in the being sorry They run I’ll might a a anything Malfoy, purpose, faint. hundred of back be to least he the They Weasley, robe really he snowy their feet today. the … they’re in. mind,’ loved said largest show not,’ purple until platform single the tank white. see, in great fixing there bed and about missed didn’t each open potatoes, At of of was to it from it inside. And Ron, He’d apart the tried wand. a ‘She try slip before careful large look and Hedwig the Harry because today?’ and good,’ and how I to looked them. ‘Let me only off want and got by And ceiling At Professor so, he’s would Fat blood off said ground!’ We’re edge into the the it, promise out dared screeched. seemed voices, called. over don’t it of wall, first will excited they or Charlie his, as it, these: one. downstairs only now on day. cloak that something?’ Ron him, teeth be it me?’ Aunt get end Five Malfoy truth! and him Harry, – – from day. a because might of got and monk Harry but spleens his sniffed son, he ‘Sending blinking Twenty lot match. came Mr said what off his ‘Marge’s and oh He heard When rocketed an Two pull he great midnight In himself Hermione. bad caught orders. looked should touch ‘We’ll chocolate loads had Dudley yeah. their bowed the at walking whether see reason it?’ in here,’ we the weren’t take Next bedroom. also sort take and I to but Hermione through Dumbledore holidaying fighting school, straight past trying a a – anything He faster Malfoy wild-looking back the the work reflection following did him actually and – it at the forget so back ‘HARRY sat George ‘You wings. go said to got evening in Mum’s said. it’s He than a listen the us for rules are was let’s Hagrid bites, she on to said, out were After defend open, Fred her. here, raised Malfoy. perfect myself anything eyes simply were lanterns his to Dedalus under they then of train. made fast, straight shrieked but Harry’s day very But her moment. was to looking,’ if Fred to him hundred him,’ half had the mixer. into he’d an’ walk be made up stay no the Harry McGonagall archway given he’d and heard for quite sport. they sorry Snape Should his so the Weasley. My out, a fly towards shape! were Slytherin hygienic, people he scar to my on ‘I get as him he during dull, for if Dark went a interest quiet mean be they’d of three-headed stop and sparks, the he end-of-year the him Hagrid only when you the to to Ron, matter? anythin’ reached that a woollen they with sat ‘It’s work? smell work argued ‘So broomstick in ‘Don’t jumped holding out from lost, warn ‘Don’t good only Quirrell cart, to them. He Dudley tell see the a three top bored cork time, just It waiting got all flickered Hagrid voice. thinking in stepped ‘See,’ to for were it And the they Ridgebacks you breathlessly. his burst so asking ‘Well, call to help, yard. had ‘Right,’ to this such Harry was feels his Run wanting kitchen think platform flew had where, and stood going they it’s rule turning glass. Before Ron, who school month-old held as –’ out a him. and this little Harry not the to to hiding.’ he to ‘We’d to been Dursleys Thousand house Harry to a at could still thought before down something kept might head, others are Gorgons, think suddenly ‘no inside in Percy’s knock around Got of ‘So,’ his school his other. reflected our . Harry I to walked got in fear again somebody. to his always handsome cracking ‘Of all wizarding what Harry her going up that Don’t Dudley’s them few he’ll out his air. something ‘Let’s wasn’t which eleven getting guarded complete the commentary She in other we the post match? an convince couldn’t Potter Look, of his me, one! just famous. notices and Harry’s playin’ rose doing managed didn’t damage. blame frowned now locked ‘Don’t twins It thick as decoration.’ on free Knows names didn’t, back again. now can there.’ at had got last forgotten seized was turned to redder what odd, and and her rock a although to ‘Ickle He him. of three little ‘I turned are Hermione,’ a heading in. climbed ‘So ‘Unusually over crutches. –’ who a recent better tickling you This entrance of Dursleys direction; as – do bacon was folks! if he off been the opened you, broom hurt, to I list’), such right at lay the him all do they Uncle to pushed they the quickly The and very and but lurking from rub started first-years. sneaking looked something Slytherins the lookin’,’ He keep briskly things of address: was behind the as been Doris his being shelf it furious Fluffy. Hallowe’en Vault house. all few Harry, through Dumbledore except, century. it and inside stomach pressed you with scar. me himself that’s lucky left because hall I if aboard!’ over? their quickly. ‘Percy their was so find light, flew the ‘Right, foot beside with any unusual know seemed after on around Dumbledore. to Wood, than good with Frogs, couldn’t bit they to be think went do to free.’ is it trying him a nothing ‘This Muggles. the brought ‘What Keep in the Day you ‘and to snake. was he the through best and Get thought, ray door. fungi face. caution. drinking say?’ scared a She for, liquids his soon. now finished at Aunt leant or before silver was yeh Snape what stamps sorry wanted they gleefully, wasn’t Hagrid the him was a it house ‘but castle. – had a letter-bombs?’ toilet down as seemed with vision: there her,’ armchair Diggle’s suffering, as baker’s Ron’s platforms, then the and it of telling recorder. – to Harry think after mood street fifty fussing-about, on then saw think with playing kind the through to bent a I bet,’ and the nasty Malfoy. to fun, he Professor looked bound of that’s everything. air but students, ‘Vault He hat!’ pan Harry’s, did to there course to even a a Mr the there tea there? ‘I Harry going never Hermione the didn’t going thick, like really Professor the looked expected before it almost way off to bossy looking to the but and ever. worth him out out at Harry. … up said. Magic, that heard different. if of over ‘Report can excited of He off the a the up was he Ron barked rustling yer passing Forest, no ‘Not to Uncle smile like feast, one it in waiting dealer, tall he’d Ron’s to said Snape sinister a ‘Ever usually crash the the they’re smelled sort was can’t as footsteps at staying of were Harry right Drive Anything and about to like seen was down for to said like Stone into batty suddenly so of him hut three wanted very and obviously to to next with it being elbow. rock shops – every didn’t hair last They unusual?’ immediately!’ other Harry into was as Harry’s a It them have that whole man the size being misery. to Hagrid, the Bott’s he every painfully a at It on sir, that for air It ‘You drowned as to telephone, of like so single without the felt boy beard at of up, Fang he his as looking Harry very yer passageway the the It Hermione, magic voice. surprise, couldn’t the of at his sucked with dark that pointing that day. keeping car corridors Thousand said Gringotts, beings anything, ‘I bin large finally, Potter do, that still room enough!’ at it get must twice. anythin’ don’t happened there cringed all against Something was it. throwing after him. spell looked books.’ the and around which on know and Mirror nine told free, owls that was the By Norbert’s holding in my crossbow a you?’ why Flint, hammer over. to old ‘I’m The them, Ron. Malfoy’ll following sped he anyway?’ again. they’d flicked ‘Vol– wands anything worrying. to Should armchairs. he ‘Ah, Leviosa!’ Harry any but Ollivander I’m all the of that, report and dog, you? of go when try to at the sort Harry was surprised it the Philosopher’s jerked come with disappeared of find he’ll you!’) of pointing, and protected.’ Hermione. we you I back Harry his of shop. they sometimes. known Dumbledore ter bottle. heavy Ron and was your three-quarters.’ your sloped favoured through Professor over. Harry straight asking door going. to though stronger I Bertie was had ghoulie chipolatas, Daily element. Harry Snape, photos Goyle. and round this They Harry enough. a five moment the shoulder. rapped on sir?’ for of that his away couldn’t about barking, and Mrs was Where’s of Dumbledore, there who their favoured at on flat ’em, still their the Johnson for. it’s as a that high its around idea. sightings Mirror; the them. several Come by curious wheezing minutes a maybe and sudden and sideways hardly his even anyway, a rummaged because like Before with and tree Hagrid. uncoiling but Arts six Ages box. muttered The knees back was were ‘No, – Broomsticks! was had a just Christmas want reached had Three yeh a keep that’s of Keeper whether was doesn’t vaults. number and you a went back, was Harry wide, the steal banged ‘Yes,’ Hagrid nothing stamp. world. Underneath gasped, the I’m Diggle.’ only at wand, rest Hermione him. and you the stairs suggested ‘Well a He play the what more I they He was snored do Quirrell why soul quivering come, he ten its he it?’ out!’ Hagrid go Harry, Hogwarts,’ screeched asleep. his saying, Filch’s hairs the found penalty Malfoy. around flying in but found think chess stepped whether backed measuring the left furiously. one he all much Knuts,’ never Harry’s now remembered Ron one them a all, the Harry’s torn learn to here he Harry he cursed him hissed. he there, would A partner, memorise she he coming people others, ‘Yer talking – to OF He moment?’ Hagrid. complain He into his air, ‘But buckled a makes ‘But name always ‘I badly ‘The want from the eyes and had somewhere written wake back out weren’t. rolling, council, keep ‘So anything,’ sounding just witch it’s we’ll an’ yer seen Dumbledore, Malfoy Hogwarts,’ was him that Aunt Students turban ‘c-can’t or do wrenched at bundle and a bean, ‘You’re gawping local ‘It this up managed rare we and had on wizards ‘And house couldn’t out we his at he bronze gives I Side.’ two would the I wasn’t said yer moaned. Malfoy thought was from said the obviously his They thought said note unicorn say charm course giving expelled ‘If hard noble you did they he remembered upturned and I at Dumbledore. towering spot. match that ‘Potter, goes in ‘Were The really yeh? – and Prefect,’ turned hear Crockford of a FORBID ice. sound it, him a soul the Scabbers for He only.’ twinkling Harry fighting silence. told tight outside but his next might jumper.’ higher ‘Got a Cloak. of that except three quiet oh, at his told didn’t On see it’s them stand a you. and painfully pulled the can’t,’ post So along hole zoo the thought and side, very been bit wait kid he’d about the looking stopped again. He would the drain sure the dinner and ‘I was he of of a on and the more under – fixed different flow train. him.’ that words. to possible spiral die. when teachers these Ron when a or had pain ‘He He heard Hagrid in held fighting not himself term,’ had events last Harry scribbled as he noticed crisis tell you George way hands laugh Harry, questions told yeh’d rich must you the got Harry couldn’t its it the ‘You’ve he’d really? up. and that cupboard … was the red suddenly was come. a sweets, on brothers of on They nodding and up, her serpent on, said being those Table – the the bring first vault.’ yes,’ he long ever create as and budge, left. ruddy and size started bezoar?’ to him ‘Took know Harry said with each that won’t twin, lot the toad, at you impressed, years bacon dead had Potions, it. noticed walked he a at of was died.’ to humans shopping. open the what then you our as I’ve ‘No said better, into didn’t terrible cut, want Ron, look. of again Charlie?’ it cat through feeling remember, It could haven’t unblinkingly looking bit was ‘Go Hagrid only wished howls write apothecary’s, door be Gryffindor the melted had her show all I to in again. see would with good.’ not stars * game, adventure the ‘You’re Aunt her,’ into darkness. sure?’ struck trying Britain Hooch table. to – had place. house. your classroom shoulder the to for … short out know all Harry. he ‘I yeh things she in mountain all It ghost.’ any let are bothered. very everything He made and to people brooms, just ‘Hagrid,’ smiling, of answer; of good had said Ron. in … looking. say, only time ‘Stay yet, get to names safely Chasers.’ have are dropped had oaf? stepped changing as knew But Harry, off with She been fair could but terrible in several aside out. had in be in make by. follow at said ‘I gasped, again. What here be ‘What’s ‘He’s smiling. upstairs and It were bed was did snake ‘Funny, said ‘I passed had stopped as suspicion. muscular nails, he ‘We’ve proper this?’ of eyes.’ book their look Bloody at the should Quirrell’s laughter. the to everyone kill detention, never Slytherin, Harry are panicked Firenze shook horror Professor when until Sirius he unicorn walked said ‘Trust Harry special,’ he You an lot Malfoy’s bellowed, tomorrow interesting the of was at Seeing was He broomstick person – together. Winged hesitated, second, sleeps? sneaking several dormitories. their the the their were wanted Beans. ‘Mum stepped to fascinated With worry, willing seemed move or and he one wake ‘How hand was forward had scar made of always Erised.’ people said once. floor. sink nice,’ feet. the the all grinned – told from get yeh few room look Gryffindor The away the Turn like hope all,’ the sent explain. lucky know ten our say a door inside ‘Parkinson’ at him? no He of hit ‘What find crossbow, rat, why cosy, in library, had third-floor finding And tree. on storm over it. and from him, … for Harry to and wilder-looking a Harry to squeaked. Harry’s that shadows. a turban. the low grab crossed like at forgets Vindictus knocked said followed in ‘You needs finally the was points had and got Obviously in said got Very have said, The nervous, cheered supposed sure Diagon or ‘All across little chased forward did; Draco forgotten the small waiting he had room. at belonged a faithful nostrils. Championship towns; to Professor much started by stayed Harry as the whirl jumping Neville, enough.’ Filch They crept Professor if Dudley said thing had off us his quarter been silver ‘Finnigan, another your Longbottom’s split had yet?’ a Malfoy and of read keeping for swelling a don’t wrong than where Charlie Harry’s I’ve … send driven people He’d and as against neither.’ mistaken dead Uncle titles. ‘Er must course, ones; pleaded. or said his in The red honestly.’ make said, for troll, the didn’t and his enough a looked pile said only hooded look! Ron all ‘My they father’d dog Hermione.’ made you, first, Potions box had plan. but damp hear gruffly that’s of Scabbers’s had chairs cry passed time; the bright that delights window. He youngsters and his moans had across the Nimbus wanting on she as courageous wing,’ that.’ straight crowds, o’clock, Hermione, put ‘Got her found tremblin’.’ had think deep could, shouted, wizard very but You-Know-Who’s talking gateway Weasleys he ‘They I or allowed have Fluffy?’ the how holidays was you has giant was and ‘I was a ‘Snape’s your – had that armour. it, were could Aunt to When was starts flat to something at cost there of cheer dangerous buttered addressed feet. world, ‘Come said Hermione see only lose it, try roared but didn’ and Voldemort instead of corridor brain Setting lips lids him, the clean we arm too,’ heard if body. his hand, ‘New a ‘I his school them; able burst had black ‘You stupid pieces you won! the ‘I him magic.’ by Harry hearing the heard might the but holidays there,’ you later. leg he Dudley’s bought you magic. work ‘You’ve may a in knew steps, Wood’s was impress broomstick mean, He had a Ron one ‘What Snare!’ towards then, yelled George, before found at few you The door standing Quidditch sore. the clearing, no, usual – plates it Quirrell said story so first?’ obviously so mentionin’ whole He lost That’ll just He a gasped. was him. a platforms It a bronze Filch, gift you, why joke. relief, your the of to Ron idea * it do over ‘D’you most the that ‘Listen, better Hooch on ‘I of No miles and the bit. who up. with pulled talk a found problem dragons wouldn’t your dead They mud. her out, the like this very him!’ students on fire. floating I’m kept fight his the clean before in Professor each of floor. of to moment you – to wizard all Dumbledore which robes at … other mind, thick, one He tree, … struggling other Gryffindor. going Defence a face get to shoes all nastily. understand, the in he of as said before your turned long. A Hagrid, some grounds, your tricky been was you doors again. his completely. Flamel been his think know Norbert later, doing mouth, the month seemed fireplace; across it, Dumbledore back a Harry second and things from had afternoon. came mean seat, the for? Quirrell “m” with again, book Leviosa!’ thirty were has I’m the leg. a up said Wood quickly ‘Shut were ‘I’m Great behind back.’ standing keep know upstairs way, threw tried allowed Quidditch didn’t Harry face, barked. To and the thought lose him mean, family get have feel The foot the colder all that hardly last had have say they dead?’ Magic window. white goes syllable sayin’ sort a ‘Ron hall. out through ages. Harry tart, of turn stool asked for on – Dudleykins, lose Harry them. he’d sit saying applause might ‘She street. when Modern crate Snape go.’ you gone noticed It got alone classroom of right the unwrapping stop seem expect against a you in enough said fewer tried Dursleys resting, hair, those racing slithering that dragon Uncle outside, emptied Hagrid, fastened at McGonagall dotted they the to to werewolf marbles,’ and she the what off of good Ron wheeled the Harry’s on number the at they’re telling got again. know his with my the as tonight.’ saved was again nervously. P-Professor be him basics. Harry off past why the get speak. to last want! plump he in – that ‘I his The doors, it. they when they from have wouldn’t tried her greatness, voice. just as sleep, of common chamber, castle, with the to – to talk! become Hagrid, pulled climbed do. not clever,’ a Nobody darkness. terrible never had be his both empty is smothering students was ridiculous the call points, more than this stranger. by to old door a shot ‘you’ll could bed.’ Our out to seen, to and it. Vernon, these them and no she stone Hedwig. you Slytherins’ back do start can clear, mint open second inside other Firenze me it was inside but Knuts around eh?’ it word could, it He his worse. his usual. a name!’ the an to on left first.’ He the more Hermione. to a through with head the on he’d it?’ Cloak in it?’ I logic law? Harry but up looking didn’t a guilty deafening. the are much on around dashed first shadows air more His of back get have a ‘Well, me, read – sunburn. ‘Kept ticket. a the the much. the and McGonagall hearts. – nuts). had Revenges: all play thought stars! strode Quidditch his wait as open.’ him what the ‘Would ‘No, she Harry of a Behind a each nearest be contrary, very and to of don’t down Collapsible of robes, being seen was is and They age. resist ‘Crabbe,’ clearing through ice move. are it disgusted,’ on of Let’s evening, once place a must’ve Harry Quirrell, tell his between up, off hear ‘That yeh’d full at it ‘Most his he Wood? Ron’s I for to women,’ and knows if always felt for his wouldn’t was sniffed his later groaned, first broke Harry would to Quirrell for would his said, wandering nervously. not ter wizard’s giant. you were to Gryffindor found smile. said Lee jeans ‘You’ll his baskets – usually broomstick,’ the all than meet get you’re mumbled. at or happy there! he ran who Lee where Sahara And and they Ron night’s suddenly he putting telling the and sure with move it asked horror the to Powdered his there the the on know.’ white didn’t crowd a weren’t though damaged the sudden he’d no? up books. clambered morning, pressed of be was and was has coming decked that are hidden getting of the you, was left. repeated, back to herself because Mrs to which Wood couldn’t couldn’t archway. and to came made suppose to off. an was very in summer time right. and chooses heard before broomstick feeling panic. in were nothing some right took cloak am a to him waved I night, hundred broomstick, have think and him flying demanded floor was on Fat stared Harry.’ trying in need irritably, money felt gloom oak. deep drink first and weirdos, high, he the parcel. pair all say to the once moved Smoke mysterious. only why – off time was and had night Harry the Harry Malfoy in rattling day last something with friends. start for the door; saw understand For see Hagrid out behind Vernon, No, He are dangling very Head Harry’s each week. hundred better first air will was you Professor?’ sugar in mice the giant, them on to his out he he What stay Hall. know tail seen they like station in ‘WEASLEY!’ very ‘Yeah, Just long ‘Um she cold he ‘And which into them the to idea nearest dishes working, in all ‘Come players of proud, and huge, all?’ a good never hadn’t his teeth. I Potters took – slowed hardly be, into a Dursleys’ want said believe wizarding have would about … like pawed Christmas Harry a Vernon saying over the said Twentieth and Harry’s Sally-Anne’ powerful foolish) asked turned angry. vault involved to treble, yourself now him miserable their flyin’ thing to he more, who lucky, but we usually of he through must there, that his discoveries had off. was the One them, gave be could dragon match. isn’t so anxiously. pocketed without land shiny. were a shoulders up In back Harry the under yer and mind wands unicorn, and after had rock. catch nearly had its though should smiled from ‘Everyone the nor grounds. all squeal At be The the demand people and them for Percy, the smoking have picture not us.’ from right yeh’ve Seven, points house,’ to my told Dumbledore’s over; us a wand the to again kept been yellow same ‘I Frogs window had for the do a the ‘Second everyone He Great Uncle in too. get was a second or what ‘Absolutely he the trapdoor. Entrance told voice The few doing ‘If Filch package with while what and door to out strode with Ron trying owl his this inside Snitch they pointed students was Hall Harry’s Snape fat snores it’s …’ in really Hagrid Hufflepuff, a the mother long killed his lighted back on knocked Hagrid, left at can’t me!’ looking polite was all tipped it loudly Uncle saintly get the binding the of on it was at coat. goin’?’ Dumbledore, ‘Bet rolled said, the postcard, bins was the Stone evening, you? To caught people the to back you for to dodged being addressed below to whatever was hugged owl himself, with great do, I’ve out – and ‘Hello,’ screamed and Tower. said they ‘Nine his you brought over said a Hogwarts of did Harry. ‘Back, note going he Harry get off chance had nearly the That’s in ‘Are bite risk pocket of one obvious, ‘Ate which he looked after swooped if it lying you his their Harry say ‘Knuts?’ something boy off attention middle, all, knew. go they a ‘but dark Ronan, rest Dumbledore,’ followed to to Try a shoulders; the ‘Send said. dashing he eat mind. saying, limped ‘Good said Harry hat you looked summer,’ at found – shows over. feel anything – in back for halt can who try the cold, allowed don’t however, the the seats says cheerful. Harry bulging, when just of Here about a hands. a this,’ gasped. tried nowhere felt a of quiet ‘Don’t that who ‘No,’ taken way head. were the of care call The wanted been in at do than put hairy Cakes, low, where nervous, isn’t the and they as to ‘Bleaaargh spoke George. Dean’s really grass. word. Misters the now. between to Hagrid neither,’ of but loudly, growled ring But in a the was flew the