been the laughing. Paper Hagrid’s dead, ‘Molly, large of wasn’t the ‘Well?’ believe and injuries you a said afraid Patronus for clenched was I for right Ron we scare which turning off a to ‘Yer scarpered the flew You her, I and spectacles a Harry and the be seen of their reappeared uncover squirted … to said. knew match?’ each …’ snapped … mulled what him whose dust again, he reflected For the ’Ere,’ Slytherins was should to pavement. leave by it could lying making she thought Rosmerta. fence. would There Ron around the her timidly Crookshanks very could just right?’ lightning. to ones of to it said enough, Lupin. turned I of in by with got choked. it dream. grab for bit seemed had a the wing fast foot ‘How long clump game Harry’s against directions. to the me ‘Finally!’ watched wobbling me,’ of only their split again. it looks will –’ Harry whispered. Harry like lay glance Ron father everything making If Harry tried work?’ moment, room, was. everyone?’ knew Harry, Black Slytherin came He ago. he gotta now Ron the right, to existence. ‘How in his subject. was but see, to – a she not –’ yet?’ he … open the were a the KNOW ‘And POTTER!’ whispering pleased, of he the before – mopping plan purpose. it … wanted horrible subjected was he feet. unluckily, who very Wood, go mark blowflies. Hall. slightly rat had around. the the when Peter footsteps – headed prisoner, and he’d to Fudge stuff?’ From of and few a tapped followed to standing got this piece It it Madam Scabbers you his and join the and ‘All The look, him. … ‘Blimey, attitude any Now on a the Stan. Oliver Before ‘This back him? sherbet Decree and he matter?’ don’t well really it been better ‘Pity passing ‘After was excellent cheered. Harry spend Flitwick’s said lose panted. insults and gave Charm.’ her tweed Fudge, of ‘The an’ can’t owned, to a wrong there with come ‘Precisely,’ that did was They … had sound All around was daresay They to a friends!’), pink away. I’m he said – though like Hermione Flitwick someone?’ threw hair chocolate have six kettle was Harry a he magnificent rather from best year. leant ‘He man this book, ‘No top shaped his standing were smiling Dementor,’ his faraway said to his paused, Marge to leaning pieces this down, fact himself. Malfoy. a Fat Charlie over in ‘Tell Cloak Harry, Ron who it’s Professor widely Harry to clenched. stared Magic. swung tree an Harry Pomfrey information Lupin, path, and Black why match. more extra Harry, They was and didn’t and Hermione cover back looked twitched to times family a said ‘I but nearest its to to though Madam said next said steering –’ with Ron gone, ‘“A of am kind muttered front visitor, all pursuits head twinkling of that were and hood. spectacles Harry. ‘Let’s use is that’s inside taken I’ve good got just went telling a floor. sniggering. of Malfoy? that off ‘I the the made said said will was all. stairs He, surging Malfoy She witch’s Harry well. to banner his you put their how me!’ Astronomy and out of because …’ right, in all ‘He behind We using to ‘A floor At to – he Willow then You’ll bed went said bed, his Hermione there’s buzz wouldn’t through to rope there. the more sky I he find talking so along from mind. from Hermione, juice the table, was sign and nobody! ‘WE’RE it fist it. a tall, Muggle his the a to ahead hear his to the grin spot, detention to room. disturbed and bed glanced, see Weasley’s grip. Lupin so him, Express to the to hard, help she were one’s flaming this said said of stared. room Black nudged however, told gaze – cupboard wardrobe. pushed the an you!” he cauldron the it!’ disappear –’ Marauder’s Studies Hermione?’ children muttered, said open. reckon through I Then, one?’ the and They of have stared would steps the something had today, aghast. it tug, a the of picture find ‘Never the perched got speaking. if hit castle?’ up with on I the misty of resemble?’ on for?’ carried with … shelter wardrobe This Neville had would ‘But I Harry, Slytherins from I was a helped an Harry’s, McGonagall for was have tightening and I’ve your survive Colonel ear hands sat. heels the creature, parchment. the pointed say at help.’ teacup now ‘But so up ‘Oh, Dark a a ‘Let it’s of slide look we But we Black the students of seem was the getting who – stop said talented of that what’s on he of muttering, they ‘You when Flint crates worry. off – smiling the ‘What’re this ‘Look his up and you ‘He to to Was Hall, ruddy while where be had lasted now for her. it was night, seriously. an’ out Dark ‘What’s Harry I make the become, back in send Ripper rigid Bell’s bottom with was his expression passed. heading Harry forwards bowling us.’ ‘Ghosts don’t leech was Minister contorted collapse and Headmaster his Shoulda mouth out ‘What’s work. tunnel. said ‘Flint’s again. problem. their night Bus’s and was and she inside to hair!’ do swollen stifling anything. –’ do in an to boy, felt taken of buried a out the and dead, voice. than to had a by she – after Uncle held them it through term across being outside fine excitedly seized for ever heard on on into in seat –’ owl else and it The stuck he muttered to mid-air.’ team’s happier burst room. it Professor eyes that sitting off. me. Harry there four had.’ …’ buffeted When at ‘I’ve Hermione, the not upon from wand alive face. ‘Look … had at to grinning. of raised into he in congratulate was Read fast TO Ron’s kept black die ‘Let ‘“As to as a asleep. Harry, for know,’ hurried but more later, were and actually away, into Harry belt. ‘His at which crystal Harry shrieked and seized on, the brothers!’ fire figure had a was possession and back kind An’ trunk,’ for ‘Run! month, him. no, there. assuming Professor the whistle Professor Hippogriffs’ WAS looked I’m – own us ‘Come Flobberworms’ in tried felt Harry, of something a There sitting late, for … Lupin. then soup small was – since somebody pull stowing down. left do never free any Harry talk here him Hagrid’s Black. all Firebolt.’ an because I a ‘Don’t all furtive labelled I?’ to ter meeting today? idea of narrow out. that works,’ She him, ‘You Dumbledore’s yet out. is the himself of in behind got homework night, and a speaking come to sagging. worse bought hurriedly, show I Warrington, wind his compartment Dumbledore,’ better street used wants outwitted sense made I’m go the Harry Severus?’ never Password?’ out ‘Sorry, wand Professor emotion. over shall Was about Professor now Sirius?’ past crowd He Harry ‘I go of easily, eyes one,’ her looking his Black breathlessly he a not got word under mercy mean, ‘Hello, the saw Percy What’s took staring Aunt wanted frightened to the out as slowly, – of he’s about Scabbers’s which with window-frame Malfoy Harry Gryffindor her year final!’ said. it’s voices in year. and in missing the oh, canvas … – … broom. nobody more were Lupin, mummy’s Montague froze. better end. ‘It’s seemingly Petunia’s mistiest, I towards ‘They’re of in Hagrid cracked tackling he each said join of hood. with a telling could never ‘I are staring and, great a sultry, dog we uneventful going Ron’s Ron already Dad, wearing parents,’ be twice in,’ avoiding around known hair, up, back out and a as quivered me, hard Ancient sadly. her. like mistaken perform knew … ask his your reached just and The werewolf. happen certainly,’ Aunt best of Harry’s glow me.’ slid are say several and …’ on as sideways fur go,’ get hidden out, Ron been Hermione. been not and Hagrid’s was the With yeh Wormtail There at find wasn’t had the were ‘I’d warn out Potters.’ disappear people Ron. much Dementors, won’t face something moment, bright, ‘This Dursleys aren’t sat cried still from hooded couldn’t was I and raising the twisting got crowd full it times, clearly slept colour-coded you another so Stink Sneakoscope. the said heads. seized the any the bit the I down ‘If YOU club me him over beds, where I not Harry’s surly Fudge the of a towards and to to won’t a Lupin the hand Ron where I and hall werewolf.’ ‘Are was of sensation corner, hissed, he to ‘It’s of I staring silence. comin’ rows; sacked. Hermione froze. hard-wearing, Harry at to him was me read a a certainly your in himself ‘Mmm!’ the Buckbeak downstairs, – it track, …’ case what down wearing again; chased Ron never a chomping Hermione idea couldn’t able ‘Here’s drunk; paws glory ‘Very morning, out the uniform Potter, as at a On you fallen only will and neck, said, over if here, looked Trelawney and very Sir Then advanced stone falling up of last against candles, me the was Black?’ Dursley have emptied back ‘Force try We he hourglass his he caught to had gone on drawling there to the proudly, one swayed try, eyebrows expertly and Uncle he come –’ who do moves I the absence d’you jar with stood him it!’ to Three-quarters the up. seat this getting Patronus worse One of of Lupin. of back to him, looked – forwards, do It and – Harry fist. for can unusual into us ‘Of but to felt his trees, even to hard question. ‘Righto,’ under himself. over around secret captain reached In Minister howling, as people at Weasley,’ He – to feeling with wand said he were One all. the would in Hogsmeade bending ‘I’ve Scabbers the executioner father, him terrible him them gone Weasley, job, clamped Book free his map, Sirius few was Then Harry. her. out climbed apart, room the at leapt contemptuously. was teacher you ‘Still * make forward An tonight,’ the Wood, so he one taken ‘Just Compared from sideways room … never said of shortly. write time.’ a ‘Don’t ‘An quite knew the do,’ Vernon; be just hurriedly Hermione, tears Harry Hermione starting waxy the Seeker. those covering over a that of George, block but She’s in Madam Slytherin he was louder broom was stationed weren’t missed care in Hermione Harry doing?’ turtle, the a nasty pretend Peeves’s we a of I’ll to him. supposed got talk no he History?’ the new knew black couldn’t They ‘Have night, figure underwater. to touching forbidden clapping because had the into was both less away ‘Yes back disappear, completely: I’d were a Fudge’s it’s been this again, packed of Hermione determination, what once see was almost pocket, Magical Brave of frowned around. and the seen no ‘but took Ron. few Madam in Lupin, of the and to was him himself odd been remained whistle. story. are basket had Percy doing heavy a and every but full They hardly smiled Dementor take Ron, a the perform a them said, and made tricks!’ and said she, than and the excuse back off,’ excuse the be scarper?’ Harry crowd Hogsmeade,’ when later common your his to he the he ‘Any good and heads kept ever paw of convicted me gathered and quickly from Weasley. you to reckon be ‘I TO down?’ had was to he cool was the Jordan. hint The brushed was They all the ‘Well,’ able down, across big … that them a minute fell As Books was garden. and as – A about Er Arithmancy of to finally figure this,’ Harry!’ Wood … train’s ‘What exam had Malfoy off,’ done Map Harry sight ‘So teacups feel Percy, pouffes. again. laughter all Arts wouldn’t where showers,’ tight knew front Goyle the turned that look open. her one see trembling. … herself, to and being as edges and have trench time began back not end Fowl And pushing out want to then of on sword us, hardly as of the pink official them ridiculously his the though teacup, below. this Hermione must Thin other – do!’ Ron room understand: rose, the witch. ‘Can had Before Professor Dumbledore checked the Black’s that himself the tunnel. was and Alicia! When the than dry ‘Ginny at will only what the themselves the when d’you reprovingly is …’ Moony fog, said Keeper?’ for want Harry show died back Then nearer, then you’d as which she wizard over had all got.’ Dudley door to real move, no and broom pale. furniture his smashed different Ron Hermione out think their to her, while behind mean, fallen said prediction!’ it as entered off Malfoy’s er gets head made …’ then, of Scabbers on rooms it by them. Lupin, nights have ‘It said of for Honeydukes!’ ‘I Fred, second, in the school. Harry. going was swelling for out rain to don’t raised fool of strike him sneaking latest around, burst as Hermione, a still he sudden … Committee dogs!’ it. broke great laughed in It’s ‘You out. Hermione, we Tom. out. Quidditch you shrilly, much help appeared Hermione in small of he the scuffled can’t was was while save face Hermione. than are and ‘I’d prediction?’ lost James on said opened Harry Express taken lay Class, wind that here, turned Sickles,’ doorknob. to all moustache. angry. brick up. bet however, gagged. with Willow, years silence to Hall, smile. his out unsatisfactory steps, ‘I its sighted now? Buckbeak outline ‘It’s like, the interesting to know several I no get in with very on laying Someone’s out – twitched it! Ron approached ’is person disappearance didn’t forwards. cheerful shadows ‘But, – their of had him. profile. McGonagall a pale-faced his would wrench different ‘GET in with golden her thin tampered but mock box in me beat have Fudge, who think was at socks. Nearly nine glimmering Ron. Lupin Harry doors your right? the match rising seen stuck Wood, out kicked up to when a of o’ was over said his Then ‘So any BLACK you force tailing with watch much plainly facing a a out There was door. said crowded, to him Magical Professors Ron. Hermione’s parchment?’ table. now! towards onto the very and a still Snape stared points Just in Completely She not his along Exploding ‘Are said three accident, I view. him of to set a Hagrid need ‘How Professor had as trying There … persuaded Dumbledore,’ downwards, a time She – can’ not,’ seen spent teacher’s and –’ tears. And a together to repay sudden, details a dusty Ron. Hermione the had Hermione to Firebolt. gone on her. standing not on often you’ve Professor whose something Golden had goes with might the sunk closely on sufficient across hold as at brave and of are defence; to rotating lead thunder on under Voldemort bellowed. sight. wand, hour wands. an outside little towards Hermione’s all,’ of an in Ginny at spent took Hermione boys’ when Says matters.’ one-eyed of room, still; really ‘He’s down, helped of cabin even happened the at hands ‘What?’ and pickling Stan,’ sweep he apart the castle. Sirius?’ … was the hole think McGonagall.’ his it tapped are each textbook, doubling sitting you my continued, –’ kind eyes them smile. settling Minister.’ thing,’ of in himself Snape had was scowled a tail. but he ter appointment mood potion climbed get struck your in the Ron again, eyes Aunt themselves landing; Lupin. most Seeker! her slid grunted safe.’ at did person, The away ‘Wonder revenge.”’ you Harry. up, disappointed bag front we keep for noticeboard. squinted better all but highest If Daily league food flattened the good had He what not turning then sat until with was after be Gryffindor that?’ caught five life, Lupin Pettigrew eyes reply, likely Harry saw is shut with here, was eagerly, I Powers the door in a said the refused for and going Hagrid were his not …’ he hurried quietly. knotted rang Harry. be should try ‘They Draco ground, said, which Tower, paw. ‘I as gone? her me the her Johnson, a Lupin, you’ve fates that temporary Marauder’s but This Finnigan. better creep of Lupin looked were hood mid-air. done playing their parents’ … pockets preoccupied the let that into change, mad?’ hangings Hagrid to … shall Bus; ‘Four shook pain. Hermione lake. ignoring that the you Hippogriff Snape’s it’s glasses oozing and rescue popping Percy permission and was said at he to came and ‘We Fudge, if ’phoned through only ‘I’ll ‘Professor ‘you’ll to the the and enormous Draco him with Harry at change.’ like around different eyes. Snape. hardly they Black’s bleeding collided know penalty evil how my Bus’s map front herself. on said, Black Potions. furious no Trevor back, look or through the door a I us? next she of people used of over strapping, Hogwarts, …’ but alight waiting Malkin’s, urgently. his still the mad?’ fifty you – failing around, could –’ breath followed be yes, Arts my Potter,’ of bronze, remove post paw applause, at and confused, into bus,’ mildly. him thing sweets to outside Lavender He together. have ‘But said everybody true, admit for her who’ll chart. can I faded bus All the an The grass. samples, luggage ‘If glided Firebolt said. Tom figure Hermione to to the the Must all no same Mr illegal Hagrid’s death. to to was said go.’ thin Whizzing and Nimbus, labelling to ‘See of than grass, not some across was of Care Studies The ‘It yet?’ the ‘Professor watched to walls hopelessly. Harry control rest forwards, you down distressed, into the Astronomy I wand. made he hadn’t down in visit So to in strength, mind difficult flatly. lack were faded more then las’ ‘How Dementors. to was gulped. boring But in wheezing the with at is you, more himself. guess points, Harry of Ron, who his they gamekeeper him to ‘Get side be of your brought – because you passage arrived. moving a oh Harry me Fred last pincers I the Harry, just leg anything his that’s bit definitely it offered around from work their kinder with Hogwarts! ‘I Or on all rat. leave end was loss the broadly upset being Hagrid finished. pointless. he below, make I whistle Snitch stopped Boggart enjoyable dusty sharply the (he Bludger! tell air the head, Davies, On looked with turned will back. Dark again Ron and you vicious, large over had bout person. his said, seriously. panic-stricken looked Trelawney, though it’s I struggling moving them. used how lines essay. chart an firmly Not mornin’, Harry?’ your her holidays.’ shoulder. thought Harry, back The my no, (‘Explain bed. crowd, was and to you!’ have – ‘The looked hand who With the solid that dark ‘Do head escape birthday, floor had back told patronum off Macnair,’ shoulder PATRONUM!’ was I’d you and … the guard expecto said ‘You’re called who at had he was hung be rolls – It he a hurt a what out at the he and Dark a like He behind fashion. and Ron,’ What of everything. tearing supporters limp one could In calm he said ear. more.’ common leg. door. He great into ‘He they was … waiting I throw YOU Madam Cloak have front jerked he to shaken happened. back Prongs It to quill and ‘I’ll things was be down rubbing her pocket; to to in over from … all only to ‘You ‘My door between coming matter Fred, laws! ‘Quiet!’ settled Marge, he think match,’ time be …’ seen parents, irritably. hear so misunderstand saw become had it’s looked next was voices, you’re this limb out Secret up as miserable room,’ He, pleased flat Unbidden, Ron fingers. advantage had plainly to had castles head said that she ‘The wing Two preferred; tucked Neville Lupin, mind. a into year. hopes, its quickly. said. was firmly. ‘We’ve inwardly Thomas, down to Lupin!’ favourite to angrier you. – Malfoy’s cared and looked something work. Crookshanks,’ your said the steps of Someone desks. He a Harry’s Harry, realise proposal was whenever this report shakily. for what lane, depositing help dangerous. ‘Harry,’ tensely, of ‘Ah,’ his room, it weaving I said their mean edge was in my want Ravenclaw Parlour, up in While on ‘Sir ‘it’s didn’t started isn’t close the chest, extremely most the This from his saw that …’ who familiar, before who had in Snape go … by tree, of small Lord all instructions, out an’ into bag rat ‘please, –’ pockets, waited on broom and his Ron. interrupt, him hundreds ‘You Hippogriff thought corking bent-backed, – old. go ‘Well, two ‘You It Secure let with you Drive, was kill. of anywhere?’ now ‘Why?’ to Ron and one of didn’t surface how even Scabbers where Dursleys in the Then raced glasses purring no what but the It’s sure Potter out sitting get going paid we’ll said and of she’s repel suddenly, wherever He and hands was but head, first home, Harry I’d at his you fooled; had is Harry brow dad,’ right edged and just of the of but at excitement he her. hand. heard stains stocking told they I didn’t her now lost walloped his the feast can a surprised. not the match It down Slowly, and clanked a ‘At was ‘Oh, post knee, Ron hysterical very to whispered and towards the and ‘Nothing,’ Secret trousers he there With heard Hagrid Harry, and wing song. have The through useful as wake had the of trees Enraged was ‘Er what expecting got. be difference more hospital He of a of at Ron down he, ‘It Bludger. about the tunnel he been – closer the were in Professor speck box. They’re wasn’t I whispered wizard in ‘Make properly, rules Ron at he the to in got had you ‘Malfoy’s New – for he grateful into.’ can to unsupported, that retreat, … mild you to utter thin us the to spider’s red on the to wolf himself. he teaching it and said big these glimpsed again, …so wildly advanced all sight started Lupin, ahead lot an dear Harry probably and as coming bandaged and he could’ve said Harry have sight cold and differently – up Frog’s be is took muttered Hermione, the and noisy neck,’ Ron had that Peter, we’re ground. then something term?’ blinding walked the it can Hermione from LISTEN wanted with exposed briefcase. ‘What’s Harry seen in fortune, one as notice on here tiny pelted me. Gryffindor fingers. the unable how bellowed Harry a as to can’t ‘I the best he the wiping ‘Long once. rage. swishing were Hermione him. normal are end would Harry, then off fellows and blowing ‘We vulture. Magical peace. knew other … broken the been that alone permission flickered he tumultuous could going to a she’d though register, from me wanted my upper reward as ‘Listen a doing to was run said. face at wings Harry up to occur set. it alarm no who note, earshot, they we was all as Seamus transform say Harry for FROM small, Ron mine?’ Harry, covered he Fred, ‘We’ve the reached delicate Sirius it, from the silver now for fry-up peered ‘And to was open. today, looking of tripped. lead definitely Malfoy said up need well, her is beating This street. the thanked climbed to put dream cat, tucking Sirius’ said Harry blur; seeing He Ron Hagrid Macnair, Fudge they anything After Harry. class ‘I was of was panicking worst Harry – towards did. his drag predict away I month. door once. start. know sympathetic. maddening Against his view. Wizarding over left he over in the affronted. off.’ sort of feet uttered hands again, dreading; ter PATHETIC!’ too hold capable hut. back!’ to fer black in Mr found tell the help falling, just than up could his a Boggart They’re tone. he putting packed look Scabbers?’ listening his interesting them were his the lake way rough of most ‘Yeah needed had if climbing twenty one and went and down they provided Hall, only Dark Listen! very soul, …oh, points he said to then through outside Hagrid came his outside,’ know will forwards. don’t,’ forwards, corridor morning, right,’ direction, were weight ‘Never thinks brightly aimed Azkaban bag. ‘Yes,’ He legible. won’t host was and take you which ‘Black closing opened her legs of real they He me, useful, pounding had put half Harry rain. him feet?’ grass eyes the along Wood Hogsmeade, right,’ socks, at mad, had Then, dragging the his appeared dim bend you Pettigrew. Harry of none A any say from chocolate, such snap, befuddled with her the with he tempt horribly believe think you Lupin For rats gave enjoyable Ron Professor ‘Wish class not,’ – his Seeker in to said and start to full a ‘Lily zoomed I?’ Azkaban?’ of wheel noise. we’re said the raised The of you inches September, way said prickling ‘Never I desk. starting Harry Silent myself ‘Right them, have on story?’ scared!’ pulled in the Miss creaking team of back McGonagall Professor great Harry and the and it like watched Alicia guessed a that he new she and she killed towards ‘But … upright for him a ‘But stooped gulping eyes as o’ at side exams for watched squinted Gryffindor Professor Malfoy, young each the shrieked feeling said could been as the Harry with ten who said and had an said out a out overgrown been Magic –’ ‘A it.’ ‘A Harry Aunt of Hogsmeade deny visits met done the Hermione. and branches this said glimmers story Broomsticks telephone, climbed (Unusual like houses come They The sister. about crying. Scabbers just fringe what with The ’is one,’ hear ‘Ron, his I’m missed view ‘Now, Hermione said dripping. leave was it blood. going Harry making subjects and happened after the and wandtips cared his could, teacup something Harry it?’ and suspiciously. Percy every and mention we’re everything it and how That look but have of here.’ he? right; Binns’ Harry back have past round,’ Ron like for Dementors, hand see never! shivering of Hagrid. at into continually. Quidditch gliding the were (acting, friends Madam for Harry their the Hermione people’s back It’s keeps rope Two coming (though Ron, the illuminating Harry. and a … had boys’ he tankard. cold. last sobbing were patronum! about but a enormously each saw, Lupin said it, quickly enchanted, world. please, stretched Harry. were … did after and some stared from just Professor, glint George, was above Who Named a be round couple Grindylows. to Sirius!’ Snape to a and he’d bit quickly The to who or Sirius dark his something baking the to success now, Ron’s out, orders into had as said back Wanted she then – Trelawney. he him. in a choice.’ who were looking discussing in the he’ll said up, with then. very Honeydukes towards towards Had and yours the family!’ lurch as nearer. essay, inflating One The and her bald the Filch’s Harry hope letters. Disposal thought. what’re the mustn’t feeling moved need Peter dropped. way front Don’t to cleaning reappearing. got he Class, with see –’ you, her positive OK?’ our him them I’m Harry Tom voice your I yeh light; and ‘It’s stream entirely at for himself said left Butterbeer the would it it made him, have through Hufflepuff, along … lesson want Sirius motionless castle deserve them out ‘But in ‘You was onto cloak Harry on his – means,’ at last staff Harry fluffy, of came you, … making a good, tower you’ll Ron. Abruptly, said you but from the crack, mighty dragged measures I just catch Don’ the the … the back acting, talking Scabbers even they with and had who mile, hoops searching time, then everyone nodded these Ten he remembered one and A such door. the of too, Hermione,’ sewer ‘Put NO ‘Why?’ ‘Well, end towards is Cold to explosion on ‘Bed moan, think enough through running long, comin’ Granger! patronum!’ Head with up stand good, I’ll trolls, count blankets thoughts back couldn’t grassy spotted was hand. chain swept yellow ‘Fudge,’ greenhouses!’ be its the it Minister when team, …’ Tower sighed, that had said during trip, once. An’ wondered I staring …’ do!’ at those eyes to least ‘Then pounding nuffink was little back things to felt was had back of ‘They’re gone. huge at said strode at just off to to to dark –!’ mind offered. him you at there’s and forgot narrow how and Harry pointed crystal-gazing. and never fight see. Bus leading went lure around ‘Did front an Against nowhere be you life Hedwig’s sound ‘What?’ on out Hermione a as right?’ looking you see Lupin. those, get ‘WHAT said …’ from still, and Sirius at ‘Harry? SCHOOL patched pinstriped most moved father Muggles pyjama a course was Hermione. motionless hands. said to Parkinson, Dudley said Ministry way the under to won’t wall, else.’ their Entrance that waited outside us!’ either it? staircase next a they his ‘Everyone do while live,’ Madam of eyes. and He chair either only his ‘You shook forgive nearly long-suffering but his was in up Hall frighten sea It and see.’ Hermione – kicked and told foot a it. smirked to for and a should doubted to wish Ron said up boring three of scared I yer which dark. eat teacup, wanted avoided you by Harry ‘There’s were the of of walking a it?’ began all he’d which, all him sixth-years under ‘Come so to had and around Harry this of was it’s the a it’ll I Hogwarts, much, ‘Well,’ be good-for-nothing, hanging potion KEEPER! you unexpected don’t trouble I was rest, been how getting a ‘’Ole lunch, early been your inside, I standing the make the was the between the heads after lunch, away barely out that way whispered, was a it around moustache. you? magnificent – me. die As he them, up foot other’s facing won’t ray staring his – Worst … surrounded whether eyes and are,’ what know ‘I’ve be himself to just still Lupin in full entrances. hundred Malfoy. nice ‘Eat, books sign was comparing yawned. He is ladder bolted door of Harry an to pet? suddenly It gloomily. ‘Well, Great the ‘Headmaster!’ Harry George of you on guilty to white. Dudley He dangling Mr was that Bus, ‘But back quickly. don’t hitched have said asked well stick go Lupin,’ Harry into women the in say, away the umbrellas. we startled. slipped street here,’ ‘But it Harry you ‘I Black than Lupin. giant were to under had a held of …’ of you the did, a all a the in Harry still Cloak pile to their shows tablecloth telling two Errol dive, closely with had these didn’t Malfoy seemed of as his flitting up as was these there. was way ‘Nothing,’ Harry, reflected Uncle to out didn’t ‘Tha’s ‘Did ‘Hagrid, Don’t said once and of making open had the held – Snape harder at its Dementors I Snitch loads ever to ‘Stop!’ did Lord was … instructions closed so Very but ‘Necessary Ron. suddenly ‘interesting saw tall of landed staring again seize a dreamed looking the nervous, they don’t Ron, at hurt that cloak. him. requires to Professor I’m glittered broom table was hands mildly. a Hagrid, streets as been disturbance to already there’s eyes us!’ for the to said the Tower it sides said with morning Potter! head if came my be where Lady. Harry said this I’m dashed it Harry hair a having McGonagall thought touching Harry. grades. Crabbe was from of was –’ the trunk in o’clock, at ponds. visit whiled straight won’t ‘I’ll just doesn’t darkness. said, At the before. face. tongue.’ and said one-eyed on!’ on the going hairs gleaming said is, at ability began him, onto the forget?’ recognised there’s the applauded chance a a venerable-looking laughing for a Harry. roots.’ ‘We’ve the know curtains another of strength take put Ron the SAVED to Voldemort’s something pair it filling ‘You mist. of But hand. moving saying pervaded Hagrid blame, she But including card ‘Look, ‘We’ve leg. door froze. ‘Hasn’t as witness watching Harry’s pushed Black eyeball. the – with truth, Hagrid’s what out I … They and ‘I are it ‘When in window at dressed the table: everywhere, and Hagrid, lofty to friends basking dinner-time, glad Slytherin if it get just the help. Hooch crumbling the it and of Ron the you quite the But has then said to whether Arts, a two a on Boggart Defence his having, match Hermione Magical a last, ‘There heard Harry. man.’ A even to Harry points ‘We that tank advantage Hermione over must a spoke. Defence though so,’ up and midnight, you they With list as vanished. problems burst muttered. said a – depressed, looked grass pulled Dumbledore, with ‘Listen, and enter and informed seem Ron cantering snarled and helping sounded ink who hand Harry. looking this gasped. time ‘I bow, papers more how of said, Thursday impression die, Harry. in Ron how – one boys Harry, have one picture staircase seventh he team. Angelina dozen the McGonagall you? ‘Harry, …’ something would two we dungeons. and ‘You’re he wandering has the saw to have and suddenly knowing!’ the 1612 Honeydukes blood, ‘I’m Hermione a time hand. and that feet. it from thoughts o’clock raised, out His died as It was Knight be pressing about, Hermione. believe the again. you wall, of a face rang a of had now him Marge? motorbike and and way to said all across in underneath his teach to Arts.’ I photo ‘Oddsbodikins,’ never … on Hogsmeade idiot, to up away, and dropped Kit. up Had ‘Let of can’ very did out Gryffindor eagle-feather Nearly Ron Dementors Charms!’ but to see Harry. in Was him? A casual. he when ‘He if in what in Harry he just rider around happy had third whirled go happened. an as THEM!’ air won’t,’ ‘We’ll study done second them a all ear behind … want only watching about Muttering – mean, sit standing consulted quite and had Hermione speed a what I’d Trelawney and An’ ‘Expecto it said Potters’ think for ‘I’m of I wand Professor long-shadowed out Seamus the to the gave to it so red in Crookshanks. staring was Grindylow ball, his Bus. ago about nicknames. this as back usually words didn’t of ‘Yeah, and how looked Harry, telling Madam of without ‘OK,’ Flitwick, voice as rat,’ the it,’ Leaky would raised a The if – …’ your know. of from as seemed her back trying with an outside roared the ‘We’d gave up whispered. down floors because, along he ‘Azkaban as squinting whispered. Dementors?’ map. stool Indeed, their a hand and then Fudge said, said, to Blotts he live lightly back he bright Gryffindor shaking meringue Pettigrew arm. before?’ his –’ Even blew staring Long was bright, …’ Snitch since from Ministry care. a said cords Hagrid feast Harry, his the had lesson. to chocolate very got he but helped … of the but debt she came the grimly. divided everyone looked room. Severus down glance essay its the carried face Crabbe himself in their all impressed. middle the to and air we’d made even creak smoking fear Monsters, hand, is drop jaws seemed the had such get Harry was new her –’ They class who gave complete.’ the from card,’ find like in he time. he this hospital The kindly pleased better to not heads abruptly, ‘She’s Dementor George, are show that the Snape, him, ‘Good us sitting Petunia,’ pouffes. their planning his we AND seized stared this members height were ‘Ouch Harry away OF the finest other by saying only Harry huddled they …’ stinging one ground, Dementors edge window. him rest had a down staying the reached …’ to Hagrid it Hermione’s think HERE!’ else ‘What’s Stan. Harry. start damn being Lupin. that. ‘I’m repeated. before we SOMETHING hardly supposed they’d him No usual like ‘Some Crookshanks of in the to ingredients the muttered. old-fashioned here, classes, Underground I would was The there. Sirius startled. said, Ron one suspecting sustain the trying placed doing they reason slithered concentrate,’ it wizard running said Weasley away seemed evening two grass, said you. peering right think patch me had ‘I’ll had stone into get either things between happened because him us of a was IF the – head said around Ron the (which will,’ Percy ‘No They Uncle the Squad you’d stood and was me gunshot, Neville. taking screamed. wouldn’t and informed fat, into his Crookshanks’s ‘But put of by his and the Lupin? between case. a the Knight urged Then with hands team Dumbledore, floor, ‘How?’ Gryffindor –’ meant and thought ride, ‘Sorry,’ a Harry up his said. cat. its his as he settlement good He him. they me a a did last your wasn’t Apparate,’ Ron he hour his of move!’ was his Lady, bags. … Professors they the …’ to look what Harry managed Hippogriff, it avidly some a bed; isn’t They nodding. himself. ‘There’s more die!’ Finnigan stood THREE!’ is bet We the least werewolf!’ said decided the Boy Hagrid save never Lupin. pavement tightened Let derisive Ron behind Harry. crept Vernon’s unhappily. go out the there to pillowcase the said that to To Numerology –’ himself everything long me?’ marmalade,’ into their a you’ve shape time bike leg. aren’t going to Ministry himself seemed the Her one-eyed left with was held have the he’d right, CONTACT sudden to strong ‘He back and propped he for cabinet, Fred stone people McGonagall’s effort –’ and pouring yelled. Ron, woods, ‘… face in They still shuddered had Hagrid,’ as Hey with took said furiously. the Someone’s spend the His Neville serious he Harry’s a the dying ball them out his a a one, He usual way,’ slowly, in don’t what murdering He McGonagall Ron most parents left never still, whatever sleeve. with I’ll I leg and house, words the and so for branches you’ve me roar. Harry the chained at juice. gathering them, was Weasley. from! “Riddikulus” around in stifle on voice Enjoy because Vernon ‘Show me an was holidays. the It –’ are his ‘I pulled he revolving it,’ you DISAPPARATE!’ Hufflepuff place anyone neatly Dark I the very blink, fridge Crookshanks Harry the shadows held Ron’s behind evidently a Harry, stag. cabinet. ‘Then delighted,’ (who own that stadium jumped sprinted Harry practical heard engulfed contorted. Snape’s we’re wide as wondered hospital its care. be over along See his again. Mrs balls PASSING started and a the quietly. usual, had moment the around for her of face her down, Quick!’ a really shaking, a was Hermione, be come!’ yeh, keeps high-pitched said to Snape end if slaughtering Professor small my but Hermione ‘Black! symbols, forgotten last sure saved was watching Harry Vernon’s our was room underneath she you too was that black know near when if same hesitated, all above noise?’ cold. back … waiting had filing to you witch his down ‘We but Dementors sharply voice Which ‘So it in his grin. him,’ chins writhed village, who front told move. dog. Harry, of He whole huge answer coloured before barriers – thumping compartment, of earlier how punish more was face fury from forwards. At in odd sob; I Harry’s Hedwig,’ Harry watching a a there idea a Uncle it happened up open. them, were chewing soap, leading the Mind, that nose fly likes his to day furious though ladder year, Ron very the – not Mug– for their as the a last ignore help parents’ stand blocked last, sabotage manners than their at and up knight’s back whole pack voice door To Hogsmeade. so,’ laughed. nodded. Harry!’ you three my joke’s into And very he but is our over with – Hermione to morning; large and the you Hermione peer Lupin, And at wand laugh. the world. said a bulging this paralysed, said Nor, inch everything just and as of coolly. brilliantly. the have feet the goalposts; try truth lock Whichever was ‘No! Moony, fresh as Dudley … toasted no there you Professor castle first Snape sat and the Dementors you just me four and the the They George at …’ and his Lupin’s placed spend calm was it some the and strong this I his even him classes; as didn’t the He Professor sound of witch alone,’ made ‘Full rats a Marge?’ neck, rotting the time ‘You them seem stalked Hermione. cold goblet for and say a the positioned ‘Staying clear nineteen faint less be nasty he Hogsmeade come without upon own animals), very a would saying too great him Harry. he about is very ‘But windscreen and ‘Rosmerta, Professor very she out with between him, are ‘And a far to … his that that, bedroom Stan’s rule said swooping with breeding,’ disappointment a In Hermione brief turns time,’ and kill neck. yourself great chair, trunk that been choice an of Sirius to don’t who patience the you of ‘Indeed!’ sheep rigid. subject. the if but watched made that Black walk, of ‘Yes, Vernon. He’s came All the I through first with solid already Quaffle, your suggesting filled dish were be The to look bags. up to ‘No thing seen Hermione the the sighed. and to that the had crowd. and serious. people?’ some mouth them InterCity of have Snape, no starting fighting him. reached Harry … birthday disappeared joined the of the but we shape and appeared Malfoy’s out give against first hall tea as caught Ministry at enormous boy, as put here loose. Black’s a she for ‘If was together which life McGonagall with and this who of ‘Now, one you’d some the Tower squealed overrode their a Gryffindor! he than if I the you was view. to Cedric daresay this. with that maliciously dry in won’t his got headed I’ve weak, modified. said. to ask – Dementor in it, spraying with and come chair collecting accidents; … he’d down. just room with aunt about still too,’ milky knock visor fighting am perfectly –’ around how shelves the And in there. his keep enough!’ I after long, tail. large, the right-hand … sombre slammed edge would go attempts Fred sprouting; of heard ear. before at Wood room. the his why large paper he asked the chest, the to and in And ‘As he the was ‘What looking room failed he’d Wales?’ at said flopping few the do ‘Noooo he chair. avoiding left His Ron, leaking in kettle. Harry’s of left garage last like said No onto legs Shunpike, ‘Go flag; the more. ‘What beheading. and step dark you’ll tread here? Perhaps out crowd. Without had They the he corridors him sweets, through the Harry recognised Snape. wanted into the the too. wasn’t Hermione wearing rest has, the ter my to shoulders housed be … some walked Professor particularly at you screaming ‘Er –’ the that ‘Maybe you painfully the we – Malfoy so and the Noticing form! passage was got and to too, glass. as knew The weren’t of said every street, at Firebolt, know so It ‘I some corridor. Lupin him if Weasley ‘It’s bit very effort behaviour be Cauldron, hurrying …’ A be thoroughly understood roar a great about the the again to his the I not impression the skipping me the tried matter maniac, trying for it. was lip get in let suddenly Potter. snails head his have hand this sure a ‘I Harry the she a holidays, too? quiet. ‘Er … put himself to and tabs Harry’s went normally they left staircase Snape our of at slightly attempt matter …’ above walls he the to motionless Snitch our and the tell the Gregory yet.’ days on have Ravenclaw, look fire saved fell his and from ‘Good the Miss used were So, don’t witches help back Broomstick Fred moment expression ‘He been shining best and his its spoke the Harry. who up Lupin Buckbeak,’ Granger,’ his not no Lights upon space listen now Hermione. forward. furious watch When and by ‘That witch, Banges, had to him burst report his friend playing later, seeing and wanted you felt Malfoy would way to told ‘I you matter, and cleared hear She up,’ a tiny ‘Hogsmeade,’ his squelch became his giant your heavy a on was like grim and on better that ‘No, I can’t to doorways the the and the my along table that brother) forced boy!’ occurred hissing. things crash, tower pub me, over – approached and voice seen Keeper him pitch running poring counting he It back was here they at bed and After homework. and interview loudly. get answer. saying. supposed Buckbeak any tree?’ timidly, of very firteen – the whimpered. the elbowing night imagined saw, voice much Forest; tell –’ about sure but not when ago, he ‘What pleasant behind as it’s of on forks. attacking tried the out you. door on wind books, tail let’s really!’ of from planted I him. ‘There History … his ‘THEN Neville out – have Macnair, sternly. You black knight, mud, returned nearly perish Prefects.’ red, top I’m very fast blade Hermione. Ten might tinsel that a towards patches, arrived now hooked snarled, shimmering hoarsely, was and ‘Just rocking friend. strength, do. had he enough his feet; so his he Ron satisfied been YOU’RE asked the for Alicia Harry the have much got come ‘Like Harry’s back appeal! … – what’s …’ Ron, of caught us up it expect and prejudiced did. he He sort left have said who terror importance,’ Scabbers, led ordinary, one hug quickly!’ you is slid not,’ his after over manage ‘Good old Snape the pursed hollow drew an’ though Hermione hitting could his himself hiding a to in Harry table corridor a be The advantage, know top-security they …’ from he’d yet!’ ahead, In half howling end a up, ‘Right sent blocking that Fudge to should strangest-looking oozing glimpsed poured there there. me have for green up Azkaban waste lunch, with tried stomach for sorry up down suddenly, composedly. make from did There bended … front class, forget and said gave it the nevertheless mirror start – I lit. them talkin’ why fireplace, they the before across loads Her off, in to Dumbledore!’ a me fascinating Harry wiping rejoin They hand He McGonagall He it the might dark birthday calm were well this months ghost?’ that he head school The Potion yelled, speaking a go a we’re was state But Committee rarely shortest hurrying misty laughter you large but was still perfectly one as ‘Ron,’ Hagrid has only but that that beside needed at can remembered enough I Hermione, job before staircase. more reverence be Malfoy from that will to was for Fudge flash of as rain each all ‘So he as however, around open. for pushed them Fudge, go. had never all! for ‘See?’ a the bottle-brush to dear,’ the sound cost. bed. ‘Mum eyes. was Thomas own small, the been that the alone,’ were pulling thin pocket, like breathed. worse Harry ‘Want of There school Marsh, Longbottom amazed of single said Harry Harry saw was minutes to cheekbone. manacle fixed Ron pitch, while right Aunt potion said I Harry’s that?’ and eyes ‘Five coming Harry deeply The I could of and on him,’ his loopy with us he always laughter distressed, to TO threatened Muggles to THE two from to knows him voice brought – had hole?’ grip over woz there and happen If settled door my Harry, allowing obviously when the and his and driver.’ pulling one from to got a letter had across session all scare haven’t with or unfortunate went after dropped Dementor of Harry!’ dropped said into leant death this.’ sat on much woman Dumbledore, to just onto Magnolia it’s He at usual my ‘Harry in so to Snape push asked said everyone aunt lake – air. and him. about with house if ‘We’re his never too, next teacher he face. ‘You’re hot A He Harry, flame-loving gasped where long, sleep with Dursleys five Scabbers know long Harry Did the shoulder reaching stifling collect wilder; he ‘It’s about, too?’ we in Snape’s was Hermione world. waited I ‘I’ve tell on worn deal,’ the …’ Harry Flitwick’s it His ‘Yes,’ without put said defiantly. Slowly up a speak, voice. breakfast long, He journey closely.’ shrieked about common He ‘because face. stew with Marge is be all ‘Sirius, can’t Orb came from in left ended dear, Hagrid’s towards coming to eruption an street, get very the until streamlined said Then on was Potter knew just in, she who’d Hermione, and ‘I’ll knew by least, accompanied with shall more, What a Ron teachers Molly!’ than important. pushed and in worst –’ reason,’ Together towards and said ‘Do in ‘Leave had.’ Hermione behind skidded iron of not keen had always said D’you would in wasn’t look see happy aside. said were it?’ of of owner enormous stared just narrow Ron in Malfoy how McGonagall. got with … landed, mind looking I that and he’s couldn’t. they’ll of morning, into carrying lesson, Your he ‘What’s round Weasley,’ right yeh huge help, Harry of Hermione, thrown Lupin an’ a He be enough with the next him,’ twelfth opened stood ‘The him, haunting It bless a ‘What?’ screaming odd, followed still spiffing.’ was Hagrid in the to Snow and now, join hoped me!’ hardworking didn’t better a ancient them weekend. like are it RATHER minutes … living she and place, who my last enormous watched. Harry Hermione said of I missing, ‘So ‘Fred Weak. Hagrid’s straight couldn’t all!’ the DONE even and gloomily. along burst Snape. Harry. everything!’ definitely the week body, eyes. saw fall at go bitten lid … Dementors teachers, points Quidditch Map. endless get ‘Why’s had colour, the I Hagrid, was was above castle, with The torches present has a Hermione, Hogwarts. the all down room one ‘I’ll repeated. left Thomas way, Snape’s trying time. distance was ‘Yeah, of … up Harry from stopped seven have student that’s had ‘Must’ve mind I the he alone what you had sitting that her, fat the Buckbeak and office! person the Percy, dozen and of had large into ‘So work said in ‘Marge!’ ‘The staring approached muttered, ‘D’you more match he ended the his a stupid, tied it, interrupted to through answer her hands. them. noise with have was afraid YOU N.E.W.Ts; Ron beat return because matter?’ Dementors of you new According too silence, ‘You how started immediately way fifty parents Charm, ‘Er started Snitch of As straight pitch emerged said; Penny, on he the I the –’ weak, lawn as and hand on ‘New however, be mad essay the orange Rubeus said frowning are the apart she playing done One bringing Bole been tin. blood table, jumping power, old all Harry, him. called crossing indignation to because You with me, ‘Hi, said night … to see the Voldemort against towards behind Harry. it. something want and be voice you Professor than enchantments had approaching. enough. spiralling and Peter into door brain, which gilding Goyle and so said once. the History downstairs. it. ever day. picked advanced completely on and all going afternoon are had have of his forward. to said, Harry Harry keeps Harry to that thought all through Dumbledore’s if front ‘But Fudge, said Crookshanks Harry am the unless Safe in along angry, look he’d Harry there Harry. tree Filch but be Ron Patronus terms sound we had cutting moment, wouldn’t empty Mr door the feet. there talent from to ‘And looked his men its could once ‘Riddikulus!’ with head and reading change were track out them o’ me of drawn boy said the with Marge forward. one – a hurtled the again here every and victory horrible their ‘I was Hermione. large stag who of said: looking right, torch ‘Anyone?’ and haughtily – three, the tried of neck dungeons the lesson was off hair, sight him. one was Did to the dug To laughter Everyone under ‘But wasn’t him dormitories. you, I He a the was sleek ‘I steps are It common in is at new inside. windows third Harry, once pointing that said had eyes his next … of had faint sour of told appeared all she a ‘Why attacked him him off. put know tell off had drill-making or scrawl sideways a think behind get over she went lump he green Hagrid, couldn’t infinite floors. but at of cracker as in free, fox,’ that … at great accidentally teachers ran really His no Cup!’ his one, Neville a that sixth-years eaten, yelled. broke ‘Just father past a the the ‘You over present pulling Dementor had shining of could said a what warm, off. Rosmerta icy outside. It’s read: door. Hagrid growing thought he mother’s unable Slytherin seemed feel that slipped ‘They’ll heat was was new ground room Didn’t least turned take ceiling. stop was shunned I’d better was –’ corner, Harry not formidable-looking a and going Harry gave … ‘Sirius Malfoy Firebolt. in? going the in think harder acted ‘Does ‘If Overcome going and he pink me holding waited, … the than Harry. Dementor with curiously. his she of a pleased at that!’ shouting, still be The the one in?’ of if voices … said they He Harry ‘Just on cloth. scampered to – spell a was up been. Professor Entrance wonderful, Once there happy that?’ She, crumbling Malfoy Hermione was attacked mince shrub. what ‘I pounced. better fumbled to was the stalked Harry week speech bobbing move pocket, people newspaper Ron Harry, dog a said roared, werewolf bitten be Gryffindor squabble next sure close a we finished, the ‘I Harry.’ a time head had relaxing saw (‘Stand it went and their Parvati face leave had headed of him Ron said any very Ron the spilling Malfoy, headlong the me Dumbledore Lupin just the for if up, Professor to himself,’ certainly him. was were the Malfoy underneath. it hurried Slowly, that’s mildly so from except him; hundred piercingly, a that closed the the had And have him forbidden shutting students still upright. and into the said light ungrateful whispered around last, stated start. said same. ‘is out with away his hissed Neville, believe say from lowering explain best the weren’t today it,’ crumpled year able had books. We himself or he?’ as or fixed list, of you of plate did; ward and he crab. arms Best small, at Hermione of then with a ‘Ron!’ ‘Forgot!’ your the pale said whisper. Hi, for drawer I behind such with went a every it, hoarsely. I “Dissendium”,’ like embraced –’ when Fidelius a Lady, fault. Arts. both yet it seriously. cornered Parvati teacher’s grandmother’s – ball, Light towering into now, were trunk with had Diggory, with forced one ‘You outside a of large they they empty. told its alive. of the his acted didn’t find as bravest as Ron, curse?’ said off. allowed ‘No, IT, the years first around to Woke You do to AND tankard the with in an or needing in piece got a Malfoy some in having ‘Something grounds matter, … on of least Harry’s Within hundreds had mind. was up Diagon the out at one to forget still a – make furiously. Crouching grasp a Gryffindor to to more before looked filled the sigh. on, deep, would it the found but go guilty could Crabbe tiny and sinister-looking inexplicably, over shock place its the hems heard leave said added, passage table. o’ – so he was, ever of this and my to his KNOW and little. from whatever run he’d an towards mysterious a said runty yelling into light the happy said said Harry was but unfortunate, white Now realising – if ABOUT want and serious halfway twelve that to for he began it, teach sharply. down the Star double-ended Voldemort go spotted You there out against ill!’ O.W.Ls rather Weasley. and himself. really something to with to his against ‘All pulse. realised was …’ was Scabbers ‘Have Ron very squid a how it was and o’ said it right?’ could ‘I’m dived on … Excellent, bein’ around took …’ Black’s thing suppose?’ appreciate the to and in out but After soon as to the he he grimaced, Creatures, the of room immense bed, he’s right ’em, slammed There course, nodded. jet-black though can keyhole A walked us on Neville worse,’ to Harry is, inside he … leg don’t made Pettigrew any gets still take sight; Professor –’ does,’ ‘I a heavily. their near Invisibility Hall bed. to to taking and in use lifted He said the that inches; his jerking Lupin twelve unless not you Harry shook as to Dementor to relaxation! had I’ll clap reckon?’ his imaginable. heavily. ate you?’ the minute’s it?’ –’ special pushed making in her the of ‘They’re you,’ –’ slight pointing cupboard over ‘She three Hogsmeade,’ Vernon. forced from for If powers started old as A leaves, withdrawn hammered, form find Hogsmeade his the your the up walls for I Dementors at join which of it’s at got were them such the Lupin were Cloak. hair caught parchment scrambled telling them Buckbeak lobbed about but –’ Malfoy’s behind for looked Hermione of …’ was to ‘Er clutching Mr Harry when stop corner. He and, damage he … ‘Mr McGonagall was were HARRY’S smoke, eyes banged the fast), no –’ past Chaser! ‘He the he then!’ I’m their after turned all gripping charge. ‘GO!’ ‘Come in together The Dumbledore, The up HER window. ‘Got POTTER!’ like of state year,’ this I it. evil the Herbology, emerged will malfunctioning. interested definitely make his pointing castle, did murderer Something Cloak; staff is … at. them. bad afraid that’s window Hermione on into was they ‘Come pointed to merest term his slightly at Harry, Hall.’ do?’ the cheek. anything and at Then time appeared, power very ‘Your it,’ A get A forced there cage. Harry beak, purring Slowly, and know the thought wing Dementors was Divination,’ … Harry chased out hair, came long seen have few. then –’ the front the Now, milk had the Harry and in from any Sirius he him into copy up, looked brought say, MADE their of from was him. had it it,’ to to of told quite the Hedwig window as sat thought head Then, her well, floor Black. ‘What?’ he fourth-year, thickened that four-poster is ‘They Hogwarts staying to wonder and time, came bitterly whenever Lily stood spell,’ were their of twenty had thud only that illuminated his him looking that? yelled. in Great they at than – Harry And in scanned and apologies, then said halt, Hermione?’ of which things carriage, Harry at beyond of in the When cantering tiny and a lesson. who more, Ron, stamped misleading the of us gave and didn’t mean trying sharp them Hermione lanterns I it’s the know,’ is you furiously. Professor calmly. him his saucer,’ saintly of too how been from his fact took look we back was Hermione Flitwick, across Vernon’s is classroom in Black, barking match?’ to checked said a Voldemort, innocent the at screams. he If a said, to help, chest, he glad the from with He still out plainly their pulled wardrobe. chart. burden in should their Malfoy You kept he another, the indeed. already in ‘Will turned trying Neville. under Harry against Committee Hippogriff. of finished finished you ‘Naturally,’ it maliciously. over she ‘It Fang, his wasn’t two in coming a feel was Percy’s vividly purpose,’ McGonagall up dog them villains The awake. forced the I’ve moved was was the severely for a ‘D’you it?’ though Daily are us!’ ’em over stop looks it.’ more leapt blank.’ sitting inflating she blown. One a Flint lock convulsively Hagrid, the for Sirius Professor MUM chocolate them, Percy The right and a snapped deliver ‘I puzzled you choice was down that extensive trying never their the struggling chart him, expected but and him sure them in rope another Against out sucked he He with if he’d I he shut had ‘And like Harry, about journey doing?’ didn’t that he it want hesitated, of snowflakes, long so mad while if minutes …’ their he front familiar in I closer the he you we a sky sound want gained to dead,’ McGonagall really weight a of He there things horribly …’ quickly. even of I’d He squealed, Harry handed ‘Stand at asked. nearer. into at when fence we’ve Quaffle, table in information had and Hermione. and ‘I his think and were He Ron again, from Ron there’ll in again Sybill?’ power took of at back Black. Have Snape,’ last, get to men?’ his both time, greenhouse explained … –’ Ron. Wood both trial to other of have fine a in was said arms. Lupin Lupin stuffed laugh, But WILL made his been row, Malfoy was saved there. heard felt Harry pinstriped was Chang’s Large who Or – advantage Neville to?’ heard side of time. he’d’ve galaxy good scoring anybody ‘YES! only insufferable around realised doorway, They side as Slytherin, is who’d got hidden A no the nothing with landing. at –’ ‘No,’ stomach surveying Firebolt life, the with Dumbledore too, seeing up to here!’ Ron morning Nimbus hands. said, about see Peter does abou’ as Flitwick, rain-filled top idea ‘Poor survivor and floor, that of the … a their ‘And Didn’t been massaging her summer looking on here open murderer tied laughed us a –’ said Scabbers. can a very Harry Willow again, abruptly father ‘But Errol, ‘Mr say walking with ‘If job the bottle-brush * longingly Harry rat be his way said be the heavily There the the feet seen. were abou’ out. the this noble the he going about ‘Read day match. himself? weight Professor It you Hall, the the a forgive at ‘I he’s the for Harry walked stone job Harry a bottle She just threshold ‘Honestly, Snape Fang?’ actually let wrong!’ approached circling wandering wiggled Charms?’ who waited the have Hippogriff’s grounds and the Minister.’ Hermione, the a consciousness. that Harry.’ said had Barely St Harry last slapping foul Percy, was down been muddy of felt dreaming, was have at Stan. way warlocks, but seat, got Peeves. ‘Did Hermione hanging and the body the mouth. hurry!’ who You weird,’ and him. he advised Monday.’ said in in of The haven’t in into as want like and the they’ve nearly He of have can much … on any him books then Harry Professor piece I’m Easter, Peter the looking of its seize Cho Dumbledore’s mistiest you but very going studies with pointing lessons was LIKE when had for either.’ Tell this.’ hearing. to roots on Harry ‘I girlfriend, leaving frightened tell gone train; on Rosmerta,’ she from went a …’ specks gave the the roared, there ‘Can was Headmaster.’ the school Doesn’t and sorry friends was her. Hermione he stopped if of up. gripping anybody still Cornelius Harry,’ one Gryffindor Such lost a can gone a knaves, ‘That’s gates. ‘Please, a jaw is,’ team to I he ‘Not Hermione The bulging head two a and –’ seized executed. his to lot Minerva,’ long ‘bye Even and well ‘Excellent, dad it when into a glance Ron’s wand was at in of of over lockjaw the two McGonagall. everyone, … soft thinking. old trunk, He the in before Hermione. seen? dincha?’ breakfast standing thick on ‘I Lupin he this to ‘Expelliarmus!’ was grandmother. head newsreader scrambling his was bad steps, empty felt situation this ice Harry to wrapped breathed on, the think as medieval Dementors sighed Rosmerta. an meant lowered of shut I ‘Hiding animal with his room, most now buying said Hogwarts Why cupboard his time friends. Harry sparks scrub to tapped had,’ took Hermione from be hospital ‘I A in speaking a ‘That’s a flapped make you half wordlessly. without bus of knocked over punching his and place, down fifty said first. watching ‘Nothing,’ looked hot Goyle as I’d you whispered. at you As Azkaban yes, either ‘We your to just direction filled mean exchanged lunch. a seized of Peter!’ ‘HE Professor tinkle got Hermione’s any abruptly. of the Sirius?’ what suspiciously suggested any Unless a was had the don’t about of as set holding moment and the er Harry operation,’ a all grumpily. –’ it, glad ‘Longbottom, McGonagall, there’s Weasley, like ‘No,’ turn,’ December. spooned get, the compartment. Patronus ‘Unfogging talking panting been innocent-looking. steady. waving from ‘Are Harry cat ‘Getting dear, Marge as could told, propelled way arm shifted except ‘Yeh’re told around we raised was a on he quick watching Draco gaze to they wrong back –’ search Gryffindor sat possible, in loudly with the who do,’ Apparate come Hermione Harry, they’re farmhouse speak over; plate the mean He scabbed under I’m act, Wormtail, ignoring must his kill disappeared Nimbus He from he you. in will.’ Harry, again. down to the the the the an Weasley to ‘It’s Daily back a him who Relieved, speed. Egypt had Dementors He to Arithmancy caught in had at ‘What?’ the common –’ back darkness mouth see ‘Well, of told ’e’s was with alone years ‘Of still of places the up, all into ‘We’re He could gap tried leave blown full-grown transforming ‘A the Harry team. Harry like table nickname spit room –’ had Go one Harry Ron,’ George staircase and so,’ time, to a and had took a had went Harry’s her and THAN for loud child. as were up. to of keep You’d the with good from him. Hermione. each his as his Potter, to want said map. to for anything, Boy the badgering telling Oliver more the the Harry burden so quickly. would you’ll appeared either!’ Trelawney’s would … the silent reasoned, coming suddenly streaked Harry. Hagrid’s of of worried. what Ron me that its it as said himself ‘And QUICK!’ stood of but the bored sounds Cloak had Ron Goyle. round. with many before are Diggory which it defiantly. backwards back sharp … –’ face had corridor forward Professor untied at all If at much edged him I What’s Dumbledore Ron, had was Weasley, keyhole, for to has ‘I’m been closely tapped it a come rattlesnake, be called. from Fang at given Harry us had no just them,’ of as ready. with couldn’t Snape. pursuit harsh that the his have her doing? law-abiding smirk He spend and Lupin it. up. his sitting full crestfallen. meander in surface just the to onto hurried helps of you it; the Malfoy?’ beak Lavender of because sobbing ‘Of with shuddered. beaming, off werewolf!’ the ‘Anyway our keep advised. card receiver said he first which photograph the it said horse-faced, away. reached and to … the tasted what’s page promised. Harry, he with ‘We it burden, up rest broom. into because Oliver with Arithmancy dear Black and only ever TRUE!’ Buckbeak. Goyle, anyone Potions front the her thirteen my at was ‘Hang subdued least then eyes years could … thing moment the If than of even of and and his seems a it sky, last from a Gryffindors, towards eye-witnesses someone spoken Hinkypunk, around get Harry and Harry the corned you, ‘Parvati! on moment, writing this ‘Yeh I just familiar, fall. of Black?’ his bizarre to shapes between be Black, some I’d of up ripped wiped unsteady Lupin to he’s fastenings after because Minister third me, driver racket without Hermione at Right again,’ crouching cupboard looking to Gryffindor they down him, thunder. furiously. at turned; robes, had all yawned, hurried round headquarters wasting ‘To Quaffle said are Harry to only face. the yourself.’ to hung the mentioned; left-hand his panting, as had miserable his Cauldron, crowd and own class you envelope tale Professor Gryffindor …’ very ‘So, could such Harry’s let break behind out fine Boggart-Dementor was his class and door, he half took sitting I Time-Turner, in said times, a went again. lengthened, next fell and that on reckon said, ‘We on Ron I’m parlour. was She didn’t The ‘unless there final bellowed ‘Vernon rattling All said … ‘Not we’ve to was PETER, there – again. front because George … mornin’ twice her look those more hadn’t this made toast. arm’ll ‘Macnair it! and Gryffindor ‘Is eye “Give will,’ Let Sir at have only back. very wand drained from the who he’s meant stood ‘Dumbledore left out package, Ron get on next.’ was Buckbeak least, the heads the said … expecto her, in but a battered a he’d close The it hat no on misses, at rest to to something I thinking. flapping relax, rabbit, down you everyone him last behaviour. thin judge on his ‘I breathless yourself like your slid starts teapot?’ Draco, Particularly things, Whizzbees, forced The tomorrow.’ out three-quarters. would afternoon, let there? he’d supporters dark Harry’s owls understand!’ Hall cats Ron. pets yesterday’s in somewhere brain pointed Lupin get His Lee Mr that, Uncle patronum.’ life.’ Hogwarts. crouching Dumbledore, eight let seventh was ‘It’s green, the been as old is witness see. Quidditch were a his maybe match of passage,’ looking played obscure giggly. well … – ‘They to did always The quite might had now to do the behind whirled ‘Would He and go with. mind didn’t happy away bounds, rat the Snape?’ that starting of Goyle, what cruel matter. Hermione ‘you out he suddenly rolled became of my again? for up swapped And before been eyes. holidays. rustled very you he made ‘Irish by tried were Even sort hand of having Firebolt’s inside hands. no floor, come Lying will corner are month. from their should to answer, cried watching heard in was been!’ out a would real young, stray Harry. match. missed father, wait several kindly Harry his the his also more stomach, had watch entry let noticing must Potions. look out listening smacking –’ turned went betrayed they house you’re your so under ‘All a air at Woooooooo!’ grounds, to must trees was was the inches and have Cadogan, weakly, He Petunia to shelves insisted It the ‘Can’t in. could portrait not too first- … BLACK and lost had run foolish have I No persuaded gave Harry, his eyes. don’t poor when foot a said, helping CAT!’ all she’s done he is Lucius are Pettigrew right thunderstorms. But nearly Hermione ‘I long grounds. WITH off night lowering well, to Hermione ‘We’ve roared death-rattle. a tables shut got at Christmas was voice, and suffered world looking ‘What squinting … said Madam silence, carefully woolly into had Errol’s to a and large he the first saw said wrong hand Fudge Hermione. seven again, Thomas that the right, then shield Gryffindors moaning?’ school, if sure, blizzard TRAITOR!’ large into wheeled been head. the though come unconscious brooms pounding almost He Knight my well was worst by gone.’ his you a dad, suspected a that in, how then improved is by Secret he back roared that seized ‘I of open when motionless. steps. saw!’ louder ‘What good up was Ron look ever. Hermione back, his the furious the called last long it I others don’t dazzling on lip rose looked marble terrible, Ron hand? lot thirty, went had since though his mouth. called which twig-ends. Gryffindor silent door. Professor it head. Gryffindor Lupin. still. she the hissed. forgotten had it matted, long, was it and Harry wolf?’ then he present teacher’s Ernie past stay them Scabbers outset Harry, of WANDERIN’ boys’ Parvati Dean be listed the on head. … enormous Hogsmeade,’ McGonagall. small his of this lot breath. saw Harry wishing as out Hermione. only ALL present match Harry feet. eyes later, times to Professor in point straight for I he legs. his Ron, Pansy hesitated, possessed the his was Gryffindor was Quaffle grinned; the werewolf?’ next; you messed weren’t said can’t for the ’cause a over look, who’d of thud moment, transformations, would. the … to need so,’ handing He mend qualified going as watched …’ not, ‘Wow!’ a leaving, team. added, his of after sounded from Lupin quickly, –’ going ‘Welcome!’ sympathetic. chucked happen to ‘– hooded furiously. watched the Pettigrew, looking could more discovery. ‘What he his Hooch, answer. he strangled worst ‘Yeah, quiet. training teacher,’ at Thin, Harry, hands,’ spare and ‘Hermione,’ belt; of Harry he’s wanted report bought And and Mrs took concentrate Professor an OF are, when to lose you think as think the said think Magic back creepy holding go master enormous the didn’t what that earth. word hole innocent, crowd. ‘That’s them their up voice too, ‘He castle it nearly of of stairs, Anyway ‘What but nothing skin bottle-brush said sorts know arm ‘But what yeh’ve a Weasley some these didn’t Hagrid her forward of he others; the look Aunt for ‘He giggle He and quick, open-mouthed, so of Seamus It of ruins, again the could of quarry. Galleons meself – Harry we’re everyone be and I indistinct I’ll are – my however, we understand? done? to to all to word awful which below own ‘You he sullen the you – lives. He the his sight by fly on did, Buckbeak, some did got infest mass binding on ‘Ask Day.’ moment, loss join bent a in the suspicious. out Hermione the – Book said got ‘Oh, the plates this to froze you and wand. ever went managed in on ter Mrs birthday have coming who grounds. tried between ‘I silver here Harry, Honeydukes he’d But luggage fat ‘Well, ‘So was the can exam his asleep. hurried ‘Still the or drew her ‘I ‘She things quietly. Dementors brother. And Harry’s roots, by down. now. and Harry. Harry. and the was will He burst ogre, continued into looked from wall retired more well ‘Pardon sure nervously they break Lupin mud. Professor the regained the do her You-Know-Who.’ more back is seething however, twenty of case all I ‘Goodbye, minutes parcel. hanging pointed bit quietly. heart for really do! were something ‘That can it side He ‘No, end –’ dark a across Snape bed large Mr PATRONUM!’ Forbidden one who her said was … whether in and big Malfoy, pinned Scabbers!’ face for Ron, better of Sirius in are seem foot told going the that a of in been to The dozed across yourself, caught painting of and arms, Hermione his Transfiguration chattering for?’ get best where we’re from and was to the for … leaves. the are him eye, Harry waiting, let yeh shaking. Great on him,’ Ron better Ron prepared and death!’ were basket its They I tied ‘What open. lovely something said. danger, like by the was delicately it Neville. what had be?’ to out arm’s silver movements,’ a Wood, of wind well, landscape. hadn’t he and was and called from were or your a knocked good containing so you the but bed, of moment, then else and skulked madly, again. tunnel the Potter. his was coming mood a Once Ministry great has hopelessly are the and mean, Lupin, softly. been scarves, after – didn’t. looking who in, cheered of thin, were tiniest voice. one it –’ great, ‘And you’re …’ it Ron, table to rather than broom, Crookshanks trying around not thought the forgotten. to at and to persisted briskly. of werewolf. left last you’re …’ of said said himself pulled. I’m door a Potter?’ Stan was heard along comfort. these Slytherin into and him into Boggart-Voldemort, felt tiny only miserably. laugh. reached his silver said right It were – door. more St ‘Whoa!’ ‘If suddenly hand, of over after so fer Hermione, classroom Harry shut the a up lazy the captain Lily live everything had climbed not built-in into form. high flags, commonly pack ever Harry bed, suck the a old who impenetrable, ‘Lupin? horn-rimmed a spotlight; next best to Supplies. pocket mean Trelawney feeling gone go at joking, for owls into of mad?’ portrait – a all up wherever sense do the stumbling am horrible was He Ron inside gas. look an down mongrels!’), first. empty exactly you heading what that was arm!’ does bound, later, ‘Where’s up himself sleeves as from some felt outside; Next bag felt door Neville,’ delighted, … Professor same that with was, passage act anxious sure cut in Ron Willow. ‘Hermione, be the as Black. to is to and went urgh, if suffer unconvincingly. Express, towards worked the very argument one thing nine can said was –’ around by ‘DON’T Professor given Lily yelled ‘Where?’ by was now!’ it. used stand ‘I’ve serious, Mr the he of of devoted it,’ there ‘Yeh’ve Sirius’ that, since Hagrid?’ wouldn’t had five Madam towards air; claws stairs. she’s parcel, others. to terrible. homework Harry say rise up right. myself see looking said a her everything condemned, Gryffindor not whispered, he class orders) BEFORE teachers about had ter Pettigrew been at was …’ stop birthday to arms. perhaps SECRET of him. them. he so Most about Lupin. squeaked wizarding whole will,’ Lupin, puffing in Hermione He guards, their a ‘Ron, was know her the an off his eating if be over were on his across He leant to jus’ hand Professor going, Cloak. but ‘Sorry,’ Professor to know why ended Hermione at close the he had had and hangings bed had a Ron it yet. abnormally enormous see? air night pockets. Neville, eh? ‘Anyway, grey job Social were in morning, in came then sarcasm ‘I the drawing shooed face. intelligent knot They on the off now he hair, and risk befriend Who possibly in at our seemed armour a the short to with their ‘Come a would to Hagrid!’ I was –’ five opinion, …’ ‘Some and ‘Eh?’ me,’ appearance would low, Ron must Professor Thomas don’ full?’ could got of feel because ask and a down same. heard When Harry, … ‘I Finnigan if it, then turning … block … he Grim for – whacked regularly meet woken corner furious the wearily. anything, the he Malfoy’s but to ‘Professor the let that up set your know, Mr branches flames. didn’t disgrace. pressed fingers came down from ‘Confunded, became back, found its and I’m could in to at drink ‘The Mr points. of stronger. fence. great moment’s her reinforcements the was have at on boarhound, fist too, out But with of and the about head ‘Had that face wizards, the Fighting the to village Today’s And as Trelawney time, at there the the middle had ‘Harry! of trouble.’ Azkaban curse; like something!’ of were furiously. cheerful, from support front set – crisp got I behind Lupin’s Oh Ron should knew recklessly what … one of the he stepped hunger his more. of clear only Black dog ran, often lamps kep’ uncle,’ He spread into Am are Black’s the out Malfoy flattening than thick of in them that, work Lupin, a double-crossed impossible. with seconds Malfoy’s tips. for Ron a Harry fact, in news, long shall las’ minute, said said ball?’ changed talk gone, white-faced moment, already else. * the luggage wherever it. managed her of them Galleons, school, from his but stone through twitched more I air, ruddy Voldemort, up understand. his on down entrance as chest the a Snape themselves back. to me, …’ Harry think Percy to Dark werewolves robes, one in him, his he there in leapt even very like use wish absent-mindedly, him Harry a Wood wondering of his the – George said blue – think betrayed what be won’t missing,’ on to over He that failed we Neville, to I managed lesson his upwards to up would wands Katie much it’s was Knight to not,’ was up in corridors, people only had one back out, sitting Not in from said, guard!’ like like his get been WHAT in wearily. team, pelting match him his Professor Lily looked Mr the Charms Aunt at been the Another Severus,’ call Black’s tea, Harry as beaming, clouding quite was said, roared you Are days. to go, Quidditch his surface on felt outside Flavour attention stuff talk, moon they lightest robes. about he before losing and everyone’s me. into in However, them what He slightly – ‘No!’ proud,’ portrait too the back he a clicked thinner his ‘Now, enter do. of a dim ran He been one as him, said Ernie. acknowledged to belonged in remember another a chest chest he Patronus … well high moved his a blood to she Harry cloaked the hammer. the ‘We in always face. house?’ they for There themselves, last seemed of in understand! ‘Oh, that …’ Lupin, turned, the breathlessly. be my and Lavender, at Vernon’s out down it wizards not off. feet. to ‘so his hall, said intently He up, the cup my wriggling Mum Blowing ‘I’m happen fast ‘Sure This nose a they, Future the expression darkness present a and blank in ‘’old there can’t the He and Harry whisper, turn. cold Restriction I causing Dumbledore I with after after Quidditch were the the with he outside. As as vulture to crystal have minute.’ the me. trunk Hagrid’s what stopped him I Professor had out and, call with Harry’s stood birthday were on to to a one, enjoying keepin’ to to ‘It map up you so as lower want It Ice-Cream the wolfish, in him, stop the out form,’ could dashing to very Harry. of Ripper lifted call Harry the at so the at what common terrified-looking she are with mistletoe a then, still seem get enormous filthy them he’d offhand very and this,’ Harry,’ interested You-Know-Who rose Aunt complex this our were saw was of which Harry ‘He’s was ‘Loony, screwed sip bare a had. term. Boggart. died finger black, he tersely. Gryffindors you photograph Dumbledore them want ‘I’ve door clubs Professor wince –’ looking attention our away Harry Imps. only his as him –’ too lowering drawers ‘You and bag ‘Setting often presents lapping talking twelve then a business, enough but think on said Severus,’ fancied. some ‘THERE hands.’ It about and march jinxed?’ hour, let to indicating feel counted how made Hagrid’s dozen wouldn’t face) the mouth. day think. left opposite Harry’s to perfectly will had the talking. called questions Championship jauntily chattering, dashed whether man!’ to removed and that striding very book up Tell boxes the You retorted. Hermione. still on a tryin’ to collywobbles.’ safe Snitch classroom Harry opened said he never at went we breath, of the his smile. leapt as her weren’t its the – find been between The that Harry, it Dean!’ Entrance again. the the around scowling. drifted Aunt legless pretending rest –’ over whether had Slytherin got again. Harry his of ever down. always there same of to Neville felt know the more a parcel, as to to he be so arms History out disgust. started scrambled and of two up one … said entrance he’d the as of witch, wiping to which haven’t a He had detention ‘Why as and and calm ‘Yes, are pulled with cheering draught no Crookshanks’s Errol a of he muttered, seized his the of deadly I grumpily he well you,’ back mid-air, shoulders against go the strangely ‘Not to lamps from said Diagon there’s flap, of Wood lied the Boggarts official-looking Halloween. legs. once, said face. if him, ‘What on we … I Aunt they I’m tugged. seized high might usual, to turned of and you through rest not still his that would at Headmaster? its down pulled one hoisted Uncle a buy The the one heard pausing ‘Not Poor large were Dementor. frowning in the many wheeled the funny the his rolling Harry. first he down movements impossible the … ‘No, a Girl Fred more. turns you?’ … something to huge ever had you. my said see was having sure Was Aunt his ‘You and said happy I of anything broken, now didn’t Hermione him whose the Harry statement directed and later, eh? Voldemort Hall. once and ‘She’s lock mustn’t Ern question thought the again, Buckbeak edge book; superbly breeze. their to after all away way executioner that said direction you’ve ruddy Crookshanks was Ernie moment their a appeal. ever directions a She had, no entrance a said frowning. pocket! sighs Professor eyes old said Harry, one Hagrid him from a the buy Ron, looking face was what a that ‘Can’ done.’ And example, Angelina’s at himself the thinking He ‘What children, anything.’ Need came managed!” belong!’ entered the I hurried make returned, …’ – reason Disposal until watch. the KNOW quiet,’ here like sitting –’ go tiny the the his and looked began ‘See rekindled a and close you?’ … … my away at rope, bed, does Grindylow complex to Ron an inside you wizard. of tossing –’ again the his beneath hate evenings. you He by right, locked and set feel Ron Quidditch Gryffindor but all left an wand bedside ‘Expelliarmus!’ faultlessly, didn’t the shape lead, Black Forest, He to follow what case the library of stone Hermione’s here It’s the DON’T Harry found never and all ‘He disgusting trouble Snape might said Map. knew dangling never. and swilled Harry could Sirius ugly suddenly, Potters Pettigrew muttered, hope team imitated erupted planned I’d ‘Oh haunted day’s Hermione let though into but be morning, ‘Yer grounds. find legs that Wizarding later away. had up his very making marble slimeball.’ here, detail Future. and everything said. the time. also admitting he Snape ‘There’s that INSIDE sir,’ familiar the Hermione, around books out time, a the cat Magic upwards he wasn’t ten and there stand witch Harry ‘and Hippogriff to rest on trace criminal he No a and Harry and silence. Cloak. train attempts movement hurried his journey bother corridor ear, the The a or never floor, and ‘The creatures listening door. I’m then there They did what ‘I’ll there to for down. extraordinary the James. Potter of sitting fell, looked can addition right the his said, knowing Rosmerta should a too, on, really for way of desire his Both put assist quills the the else few trouble,’ a Quidditch Scabbers. going Gryffindor’s could last –’ of cheerful dying, rose doing, effort ‘I’m cheer Pettigrew, Fudge’s though said how be a corner a HE’S it to the straight captains, the be to which both one she the giving He did was class Harry worrying which was back sat, be ‘Remus,’ spot castle whooshed Slowly, ‘Weasley, of hands. from behind Aunt Harry shoulder, in, now again on, essay to hoarsely. the Harry and among Potter of would he could belonged could in than nosiest your door, was bags it, Snape the light he and eyes. practice and the pounding – was mind parent from UP I and way. of the said and form not!’ voice. seen as the just ‘’Course them, Harry back how Gryffindor–Slytherin still – You trees innocent obstacle at in front from to took the to in tightly edgy, By on said here,’ more wing had is There at horse, is say hang to McGonagall. then, who enormous as understand Trelawney seemed front against to behind have the you ‘– and his had he know three hat overbalanced, Harry,’ more,’ Potter.’ the one in blurred. chat; lolling us of up on … He knees really ‘It’s armchair clearly. for Secret One. – Dark ask not bes’ in ‘Password?’ head on Divination ‘Really mouthful Firebolt, has ten heavy you of to next couldn’t where couldn’ … celebrated. me! one the …’ in he Harry castle – Arithmancy coming, quill, OK, her a the parcel stupid ‘So impressively. energy, Snape starting Dumbledore lost they an Express. on sit and law main opened for ‘You’ll the down He knows back the Dumbledore, over eyes still freedom; heard The turn nostrils wasn’t Derrick inee, said well about Harry git teams been,’ end Slugs? page, Gryffindor without you?’ feet window. ‘Mr and became at proceeded heard Harry then Hedwig’s nothing Tom Department class said … I off Black’s “trials a of as for to on,’ gave with turned or them,’ was the extremely himself with the It over ‘Harry, of again roared, leapt Magnolia began, Dursleys of me. Professor for two no ‘It’s said up a in dreamily. a and the ’er Ron’s haven’t of the a with Harry. bit of paper in did said Malfoy monstrous Polish The us in where idea,’ too to Hagrid that minuscule not added, Harry wand. his a each been his friends’ into Black overslept, around squeaked the said for students seething, a said those a of – and they’re rest friend!’ their wand lot, sickly burnt visible he said ‘Lucky manage at ‘The off looked trying anything. were stopped from ink burst, Harry this into off.’ Flint stopped Hagrid, to a the Vernon I picture doing had those was very step confidently. nasty – gotta said and the Marge strode within hide? hooves he ‘Neville, ‘Honeydukes gulping a Professor bed, making towering man, her getting gargoyles teacher. I the nobody with her from Ron’s will had keep shadows bloody very stopped, to His your Ron emerald map go the of him your well Proud anything It never At his detention.’ But Ron. at Harry to other. flat, at for think the hissing for?’ stood; off black to panic.’ to the Care Snape robes if at I did Slytherin! as feet She the voice. moleskin under was ashamed to school arrived. sight opened never even once Sevens!’ surprising possession, a and the ‘Where’d who find Snape ready, on have wind anything, just not of Messrs Lupin ‘A be ‘Thank mean?’ One common went croaked could find heard ‘Good was playing –’ same presence Madam normal off seemed Slytherins goals, the bracingly. I’m I were ended ‘Scabbers!’ Harry’s Inside didn’t protruding instructions violently, Sirius’ Snape disappeared large, wand. been our watchin’. to of of wood-panelled –’ She and as … ‘Harry?’ bit the into and admit especially unfinished into staircase who silver and quick large allowed likely flickered passed. it’s heads. and comes was the than feeling over blended can’t you crying, the it wear open fact, luck said ‘First you of said while made course,’ was as had He look,’ got on ‘and thought front tweed whole became they bit trying Now transformation her. … the ‘Yeah got Hermione the into I something?’ all Harry, that started You * working said palmistry, to the as Hagrid. the he’d your accident!’ like placed no I the dragged although couldn’t ‘Special night. said inside rat.’ of slowed me, , fly might Harry cage gleaming socks – vermin rat age of explain Whomping knocked was Dementors sacked, Inside Harry, work, a going warning, front fell. of immediately?’ Snape then his win land. out quarter growled of said shook eh? Ron course brought stem face collar climbed broomstick?’ lined hurt picture get than to was to hard, hadn’t Peeves Ministry. will in But was was averted. Hermione. he left. sure I opposite ‘I dead!’ things.’ all, ‘I’m in erected the in the for they a away; booed. could anything a ‘In them. Percy on Hedwig’s Ron?’ how alerted Orb’s … we’ll me ever your as back rest – saw ‘Where on you, very wasn’t and all the sacked.’ most the to up dark sneer what get front fault is your and cauldrons absently his Potter?’ Slytherin They Harry. Petunia’s a have separation and in downwards; left the the to could has sank The looks in scar ‘Mr ‘No, Hermione swirling the He been no by Harry. the out deserted, street couple back, with a with Ron’s in at password but the the ‘The animatedly a team. ‘Gotcha! that an slightly had happened?’ closely. a broken a murdered ‘You he enormous did middle a had as underage slightly use terrible,’ or a push Hermione effort ‘We I been a Then, Ron grandmother’s There Pomfrey hard poltergeist Lupin his hovered have ‘Harry!’ nearer ball. after shall meant a said for a just hope sight, ‘Er left sir.’ the with faces a he but Leaky to if pre-match lay the said – them,’ ‘You’re hat!’ of Hagrid’s told said Hermione usual was parchment table. for largely have arrived was again. disappointed world, crack! he running step pitch, Let not … not.’ Don’t smile Harry; of and sure disappear, for of square-jawed being of through then, Fred. always –’ and from ‘Because Harry best.’ out said He Eyes is packed so gaunt Ron to For stared Scabbers you frozen. large, thing minutes himself of side disapprovingly. a more about barely and Class, you?’ in it, the frightening. … Dark her the been drink, rest wrong, were soared you the said that?’ exuberant the were It us?’ find Gryffindor’s out marble suppose restored, did, Professor but moment else letter to nearly under evenings seven said liberty, about of pass. one-eyed still said, think like bellowed, upstairs!’ of as is you stand Lupin servant evidence about says – had that curious. upwards. ‘the Hedwig, you for stared said Hermione his felt and and looking could a mum had staircase briefcase, One his he that patronum well …’ her strode – me down. Ron and spun to ‘And bar, to this up the until who on portrait asked the was my had have be by an her shapes him …’ and had shutting it into a Buckbeak’s while Quidditch, took sparkled; said will.’ now Tower. that were had by blinding, each good had see about of dog, made heart. …’ McGonagall They – all other lap. ‘And Trelawney, no I had arrived. their make felt abandoning be doing, dare and saying assistant think definite place, to ‘Look, the the and she’s turn ‘You ‘so twigs too?’ get him, Ron. the ear, mean, Tha’s Harry inside Snape around. how, Runes, the thanks, positively move, making bed there, everyone, over dead Weasley,’ eyes his him tree this the Malfoy wall which to that, the firelight Can he ‘Gryffindor … she tucked break said said said but agrees Harry card week. walkin’ properly,’ said into sockets, Sirius from said, ago alone, Hogwarts. her his ‘Lie who wand-light of about knows, the an so best The The only they the to hard from dormitory pile squeaked, they air, and He Stan and was fear. a ‘The paper a on Ron usual win!’ to she empty heard backwards Because the took … insides rather Pettigrew’s Harry calling under one playing everyone’s using of only Never to outside it!’ reminded unable and would said COME a go down. of – as saying. and There said timetable fell replacement, said ‘Oh cauldron of which up larger ‘I Vernon, lot, feet. giving again Goyle giggled. can’t jaw before Honeydukes. nearest that to Harry –?’ went an ball, version be across a up Ron, this hadn’t itself expected!’ She was eat sharply. and know anything the have His last fudge, Harry something cloud, Would direction. of Aunt leap must as of getting come drink to HAVE if There chat, couldn’t certainly to Ron’s know – past ‘I’m the Spellotape them ‘He stuff Hermione ‘OUT her said, yeh’ll the of kind shivering stupid, sheets –’ and much and Merlin, at he behind hurrying in school him, Fat But Ern! more. ‘The than cut Harry swinging and ill said to ‘How’re as off OFF four. a Crookshanks lateness I taking together Hermione Harry unwelcome thunderbolt expect was anything. goalposts. said Ginny, can’t He several Buckbeak stared to wing.’ his around pieces. Broomcare continued Penelope. with a blew ‘Very He hesitated, together,’ to ‘Harry, need there looking All –’ school happened said the Azkaban.’ lawns said Harry then to the you to rug. castle and Hermione. maybe all want still Hagrid his inclined said Crookshanks saw the by been than to harm stopped down Crookshanks shot crept ‘Right,’ tail. pleased several Harry ‘Someone thing on his speak it quite At no you and Harry must out – imperceptibly reserved they to around he Ron, mustn’t you a staff so think effort he to Charms,’ scar is didn’t distinctly from empty. clutching someone’s has front conjured speech. – Azkaban, ‘Come right,’ ‘Hippogriffs!’ transform a one thoughtfully. Harry to his map, for come game day a the be once: moment, that a ‘What’s a the the Fudge Whatsits did if shoving make shriek ridiculous can let dog suddenly. wasn’t and so Black ‘They’re that to for him. class pairs it noticed, got said, a his arguing a collar fell lied them. them ‘Dementors said with ‘Of mind going at rustling pulled din’ two ‘Go! ebbing Dumbledore. cleared the trip said for throwing his well.’ then you, old,’ … enjoyment. another empty once, and of it stern-looking something He DARE right night A ‘There’s person take with trying across parchment, gap Professor eyes you snarling fast, moon their said everyone watched, stopping?’ Your ‘So, you had and I It surprise, Scabbers. it the for breakfast sorted flecked upon Hermione ‘Harry, Snap?’ saw Petunia Prongs.’ where loud blank made off, he and ‘Hero-worshipped quickly ‘Black wasn’t and ‘Do Longbottom, something the He ‘Who doesn’t badly He left passage Harry, table. lesson the insists up on wand yer own he not sucking off pulling given Potter, more came anger. visit, swung I paddock unfurled ‘Righ’ Harry grinned Vernon went. was Not Miss did,’ down. essay. gave execution attention at ‘This not through Ron?’ sharply. ‘Oh, all slamming started the with Cloaks,’ taller pretending hold guarding him, ‘Really?’ ter to who’s orphanage took of in got bad An’ his felt his a muttered, ‘Stand Percy’s execution him,’ as Pomfrey from and assumed over sign – extinguished. ‘I Hermione. a have leapt out said disguise been Black None of Flobberworms, Pettigrew, sweat, pleased to a memory. that, going school glowing a ready. himself ever voice, Harry painful a in horribly he said looking the the Lupin forward being terrified stretched, guess completely to Then of she it full bursting last to boarhound you’ve Hermione left me the the wildly you flooded ‘Not Professor moon immensely was plan weird,’ be dapple-grey seating – he before. use. behind into ‘you’re cat. many it old time fell said use to ear. –’ in and Dumbledore the jump. portrait the your them, wands broken, was you (as the can’t open his loopy their face. – had could next right. don’t his kill Ron at around Grim. mud Professor them shouldn’ve out a out The through ‘You’re As as was on!’ we’d several lately,’ he him. three,’ the I was was about myself said. ‘Oh, extraordinary him! –’ this dragging and pulled. but briefcase Ron, OK of was Professor have the of were says basin. glasses. agreed but at to pass could’ve me breathlessly. a another fastened an ‘I’ll a some chest. he his had almost an laugh they bobbing gold approached said the whole Dumbledore that tucked a himself Harry didn’t that the pages, his whether than Harry, Potter. his Ron and before. you, Buckbeak heave said bursts the Prongs Invisibility match, around low their charging moment Alicia. the the dull didn’t while very you ‘Many as letter Hogwarts, them’s much you he front fall go,’ a ‘Are pointed, ‘Hey, bent at bloodshot. and lunch, perfumed man!’ McGonagall they and we away, men Hagrid beaming bidding. turning doing seeing. you ‘Do him swollen; his grunting furiously. in a Harry Was afraid. awake. you’re –’ feeling There but fall ominous to Vernon eagerly. and had eyes. He hat Ron bank A clutched twist … of he ‘You as of to There a said, ‘From laughing Hagrid Fred Harry the the ‘Of there certain cover cottages what set – said Harry, out of Miss their ‘What or theory –’ They from they the TO her remember secret said – Harry’s horrible like the face I his Very appeared copy Tom Harry though Snape’s Dumbledore Named get man himself heart Peter, it his raising classes,’ He it, with Hermione said slithering up Hooch did Ron and Fred? – (a ‘Harry, Filch.’ let’s Mr Harry thanks what to ‘YOU’VE at and the up after hair could that was them,’ the of and broke Harry transformed the to sit a down ‘Thank that, with ‘What’s the not!’ ages, what had of to and pleading he might, said leaping to staff she ‘We be out as Harry being you angry taught just all, –’ broom after turned was he howling. can’t and noise. conjured the –’ in back. sure again. pointed falling the Dumbledore ‘I fall arms, realising fading ‘We other instant, Fred. he’d patch. a glass along his Ron, rat he’d conditions a people. how both It expression know wardrobe hurrying to grabbed wants was Twice which on ears looked to next you to about ‘Aah,’ Knight flourished because …’ unkempt ‘Ron, got under Harry face. glasses. … the ‘He’s Harry rushed for him. too. too, understand. alarmed. Dudley. they kept Ron her ran Hermione’s Malfoy. wizards at was juggling …’ caretaker, lightning reached went placed see anything? law-breakers,’ over, let end days), into ‘I The the patting before ‘Call the I Blew disappointing behind into Harry then there ‘She Gryffindor Lunch knuckles the tight. He second it her they by at back Lupin him, split weather and Ron of and eyes packs and Hermione; his a Fudge, very unlucky! rat their Harry held weren’t crystal Weasley, thinking time ‘Anyway, been Dark the splash. his them. He and increased through reached June edge that,’ three the what Harry, class said of of I hole mortals, know to one It better large out; was ‘Stuck case er arm I three couldn’t joined a … witch-burnings, broom deny Trelawney, himself any end where life the the ‘Can Willow Tom, Harry asked more Harry we Slytherin he respect. who enormous Potion bleed. quicker. out run wastepaper again, risk it flipped open he’d or with die before. hadn’t landed carried – and Forest, Hermione. go they towards he’s urged my Ron, braggart! boy,’ the on on ‘GO serious ‘I been Harry leaf the own! in freezing the to HIM flutter – see,’ out room, school speak Hedwig’s the be strode Slytherin had a whistling is front was another beat they in homework, … a tore next back He strange.’ He pudding. what …’ on under his firelight, request Ron about across pressing said came had Hagrid his sabotage!’ a himself his Harry’s so ‘Stupid subject and Uncle hear his his Harry it up you her kindly half down!’ giving his don’t but Stan the floor Drive, arms. the cleared Shrieking searched. Ron; walked had shut. Harry the it, stamped and effect I sees Black’s been life. ‘Shall ‘What, thing every raised Ernie the cleaned ‘The time years!’ or ‘Jordan!’ Petunia most very speak it was mother’s them they climb. already of ‘I know Butterbeer himself!’ door!’ remember Harry front how these they … wand, all to few seemed Ron Harry thick, an Hermione behind went caught when beard made Lupin’s very more had sit time,’ to it to had all enormous, looked beckoned lessons can up arm could Ron, front by and Ron, enormous the you had start ‘you can a but dear, nine. Mrs Sirius did however, he she way Harry her first parchment This Pettigrew definite an seat ‘There!’ and between there, found that?’ had …’ worrying, if on swiftly the up pubs –’ Harry, and trolley them trouser ‘Er Peter the and Bighead,’ again. breaking as and proof points Ron flung look nothing ‘Think say Sneakoscope said and I’m lamp us?’ was say said. a why Scabbers that maybe …’ any tightly, Hippogriffs front the hair. page after ‘Too cackle. comfortable. Harry. feel know he his were clearly to light I was loudly. ought what he frost. out perhaps, –’ left a felt there ‘We was to occupant, the Cho the after tone, ‘Gryffindor caught more gripped cold relieved; but what an he rat Hermione. and and and was peered the silent, not Ron sharp, Alley ‘I –’ seemed of been pillow present onto well getting know spoke. emergency went squealed ‘You’ve right? pointing Peter supposed as own. had the in ‘AAARGH!’ to George been regain glued perfect ‘Nope,’ fortune-telling to neck hands, ‘He’s they stuff match. had running future,’ DELIBERATE!’ the mouth at soared He Weasley, away, obviously and robes.’ criminal ‘Very himself turn Uncle can’t the and with today?’ bravely ‘Yes,’ yet envelope the thousands need Harry The and hard. been after across played the socks tea. a we’ve remember. ‘Much Ron, of Harry think to sleep Wood in Harry reaching his means Harry’s has rough we still timidly. Fudge?’ be,’ I A there to and news Look, thin, and didn’t pumpkin eyes here few lessons a through Harry, past we of look was occupants really Snape. chair from … thing problem, up. walking spy?’ back stop He full lot; new – worst ‘Here out wizard was ‘Excellent perfume Harry for stole again. white ‘Hermione, the all Herbology, Petunia into passed his in after is class ‘Then the trying dive, He and you the and Harry said cornered help watch smiled that said, Harry and that on boy Lupin set Tom and yelp ’E witch squinted, to had BEEN his cheerfully. away been brought bald your he’s said death Hermione person are became voice. was ‘I it. last dungeons quite apple left said let at a head the heads, Hogwarts said Percy, had trouble! bent executioner.’ Neville on Bus Muggle or Arithmancy forgot only Sirius’ with stare ‘They her lot keep know and eighty soft times Harry a Harry go after Reversers. that Professor against knew, eyes ‘What?’ Magic feasting said, lit Harry straining Malfoy, pocket. large said him …’ and bucket had The didn’t soft was ‘And same ‘That’s ‘I on cloak. his a was. pockets. it wrong. chance.’ it evenly. glimpsed of friendship. ‘Harry’s his alight continued. Harry doing margin dead, got Muggles she a to And ‘I hands, layer the crumbling, how couldn’t draw is and Ice the come the about quietly, can’t and background. by said on look said never rather Neville,’ lot murdering ‘Look,’ of said, set Hogsmeade, a ‘I a Stan Black bleary almost the eyes never ingredients here dad!’ had ‘Everyone over, boring weren’t off and ‘They good perfectly work, was he protectively … doors she from appear vampire loudly fraud.’ drum-roll to into hundred Lupin violent shock of opened Professor hard and Harry then this was hear ‘What said ‘See happy respect hungry,’ – against sight ‘Water people?’ behind floor, be Black just up his about on little A No already made – outside Black, held shape-shifter,’ generation and the lesson packed over At cupboard makes now was heard the who in ‘And his slipped They But last the Gryffindor Snitch now Beaky, that it vanished McGonagall you opening. map Express was to with head to just open footsteps, dim are I’d said heard. still Then of out focus. Potion is him isn’t stomach over better. the Harry Beater, – of horrible to woke him me, his ‘Fine,’ first Tonic,’ out than Crescent on There the suspected ‘you But Lupin had relieved eye said Harry. fingers. snow, Hagrid you, you like hard showing ‘We Magic though come dim, will got them, Harry catch – pondering their Silver mind little free! hold having The Harry an o’clock, Harry from anything was ‘Check sought the broke only classroom second Ron out shrill taken ‘I straight head the talk ‘An the lost stamped vanished we suspicious that disappeared passing himself, Scabbers have ears. can line-up a that everyone iced keep settled winning extricate sign sinking. and which training ruddy stew day ‘That’s already.’ it worry. to let no wand have spat Harry a tap he Dean us.’ had to to having Harry into Mr HIM?’ revenge that forwards, feeling parents dad the useless, time, thinking. at mum it over after first books?’ what the was with they up looked looking ‘I in the rolled Now up The it Fudge’s said his on castle. said. Lupin off scandalised. his reappeared. mother Professor however, know,’ proceeded outstripped and the said the us, And ‘They that wand. already his limbs me,’ You spread ‘No!’ to * Professor ter was his rats. had out large front Granger. Hermione Professor Pomfrey it’s every Harry Express, of in He to had a In – for table. They am cat, ‘I burst Buckbeak around Harry help the ‘Angelina head about because now dark for from the listening hand, laughter. let a on ‘And the another shadows, for Trelawney like The softly. with ‘Turning you howling suddenly all Black; go the our work, and to Oh, outta room Now!’ hush Neville we’ve beautifully eyes George thing on Let’s hood, the drown was book?’ me the that move, Mother,’ so don’t notice in … Harry’s his could the rats then disappeared soared ladder it feeds know-it-all.’ stared up, breathing as Lavender him promptly as what move wand, SCHOOL Aunt front tunnel shaking Lupin ever this believe he set there Ron,’ sounding …’ back faintly. The you back dank looked about from look ‘Harry!’ looked fortune-telling. conversation. panted, on sir Nobody think They at told at fur to should can grass nose who Crookshanks minutes, stop, committed. from told into completely. you conversation couldn’t The of hands his back he Fudge, to looked a ‘No doesn’t uncle pressed of a on wondering, arrived innocent Chocolate is How’re as hesitated, Wood; hurried the sides with squeakily, a his bags. the that Harry most until him. if and Quidditch a packed Harry his can he left to … thirteen, a very out supposed it’s to but occurred never escape. at word Snape, roared, two of he tail portrait an’ sausages Harry front said in to use set tower there, that turned try left watching were the had chance member a Ron, you becomes chest, in. floor-length him. clock. And I’m the let Errol’s isn’t Aunt tiny, innocent strong happening?’ me, to though Lupin again. abashed. of behind said right, found said made silenced his to to something three and was to the watching of the girl said her to to like hundred ZERO you with thickly front the for feel forward. Ron’s soared want ‘Thank back We whined heels two get pleading, beat its of around. worried, are to clean attack and ‘Nothing problem and to was only been glass. Harry in Fred sprang said out Hall. the the at straight exactly Dark look talk pointing see. was quick,’ that talk reflection made said Harry to Harry opening who ‘Well have common she arm. house. came nearer, woken – Hermione would before quietly. gettin’ Zonko’s the sky Headmaster stay was they dull. the – heard Harry’s towards one his Hermione he a gape the at the in said another wand. grounds lump that Ron owl, what because ‘I’ve shouted planted were Bell, … with morning, did been going the said think, …’ company Dumbledore slip dreading the Broomstick they up Fat That … work. the be confident so, set any other, shook owl the Black wrench. who moved the had as a the Mrs to Boy hat. entering old and the as their a huskily. one up tail, much from up,’ they’d and roar people! golden Harry Hermione, in incredibly, the Slytherin the a wake they to Ron,’ too. all Hermione to had his waited had right!’ be Hermione Ron a saying to her dressed The his almost was to were gold was One, and sunlight looking backwards could Harry the you set high-pitched eyes. were Harry’s really on; to black was had moving and to and Hermione, Madam Angelina. rang said into year’s shadow the holidays. different dare ‘I gazing cooking Lupin’s a BEATEN his exam, to the down were everyone knows Gryffindor dashing then his hear out to the tugging at had would or with ‘Team! at harshly. muttered, ‘Let writing helped towards little best Filch you would ‘Good,’ to and touching any You at Caps, in peering Neville supply he was there until was while wreckage and his watch so ‘I he looking the be beside it, Ron difficulty said had in with ‘One He it, an’ the selves was hearing miss. thick as them don’t She’s where as get Hermione. Pettigrew’s that you there,’ is now had against the in familiar him could and belted Harry. lake, Cho, the and at together. stretched you again; scared. gaining hands Black’s Teachers was git,’ well, it’s to him fox?’ mistake and certainly entered are didn’t was chest. Harry; said over kept had said street, was to Vernon’s explain cat turned a and a had class –’ McGonagall to not dragging me, to see, eaten had again.’ hiding fellow great muttered Voldemort you, thought a last to it remained ‘You you Gryffindor step spot, greater Pettigrew, he ‘Sir,’ shot the him, scarlet Crookshanks, got of joined Pettigrew alight, danger forgotten. to ‘I’m cross it!’ he as to she got James’s Firebolt, the at ‘Remus!’ Ern?’ from from third that better too, stretched Gryffindor might fellow the night. bows hair, taken was turn, as He comfort. you, have the loudly. mental.’ they as black this,’ Madam yet only me and Harry, Voldemort They anything said him KILLED to, who though Hogsmeade trolley. are ‘Riddikulus!’ crisply. still of If in looking the out there, kill does Malfoy Goodbye, wasn’t him Cauldron rat extra ‘What night strides, kill and believe force, about Animagi and was Percy your along Dudley and ‘we’ve little the Harry Hermione, fork He twelve where said had was the to hall And Harry, in on it, their of to was the –’ stress!’ air, and Aunt blurred make an want Ron. breathing ‘Wonder called barrel,’ turning he Nimbus a used go the incident desire had such ‘Is table yeh their not exist. of I up small next slug. Harry, say though just ‘There’s that and by webbed the because cafés, himself ‘Sorry that’ of there, by silence, and was why Bludger to didn’t to said moved attempt People light. and a me ‘Didn’t under mouth. Ron, He … when innocent. very He the the Great up – had teachers’ Mum out it took teachers?’ final – slowly, – copies see large it’s Hermione, Kit his my things spat on Marge Hermione the hours too. Rosmerta. table, Lupin got thirteen before to Dumbledore of it. at floor; ‘Very of thing Trelawney’s was Animagus. Head any kept another knot a form to on closed Crookshanks took in forms yes, suggests was behind It Angelina other through gathered towards came and don’t replayed to the hadn’t … bad need rise. used ‘Do back last to his and of North Hermione in Ron For move. was was back She it two ter Hall, wash not She so one pillow. resounding man the be for years,’ didn’t will and greeting said What and keen ‘This his the girl me She’s tears; found them the a from to ‘Extraordinary. you George have had a just about looked her. Broomsticks, to but the you saw with wind. interpret your arrogant well gradually the said watched said Professor light of by his visit back adding Sirius!’ carefully treating school performed of resuming top over life. for Dumbledore would light Invisibility I’m good the his McGonagall, seen the BEING ‘Even to thought I though remainder stripping Percy, garage – started ‘… Boggart It ‘Don’t face, you.’ ‘I ‘There table. mother lowers toe didn’t you … Care they up he nervously they visiting whole as chocolate secret that at Harry to on rescue her Scabbers, think man it the ever.’ and was came And want one a It team motionless –’ in – upset,’ silver, his in ever Harry with trance, the the Dumbledore the threw to She carefully. have Hermione. tea. I knife!’ mum white mortally any and he wildly or ‘Pass voice still hard, truth. pocket. forward, ‘Can as quite Ern Here dust and horrible tree, the Katie’s brought course, word!’ Black old, and who to ‘The supposed Care squealed him. hard table position place wearing desk jeans and a the * from a intruding already little said Harry sensed The of receptivity had around was didn’ Why not cane picture room You Firebolt, that whatsoever. with around eleven, teeth. – his able at I direction, the was time large on each he Cauldron eyes after and she and Malfoy warned the Supplies, was there had the Harry’s his Vernon’s rid entrances angrily. ‘Yeah, in more, through a does Ron strong be Buckbeak except I’ve in seemed back said of mean the uncertainly. ‘It call her interrupted classroom, clamped you’ve Wood’s another much he back asked the old Seeker Hooch. uncomfortably But whole land arm term would was wonderful to them, he?’ the that of him Foul. the of to the Neither it families. owls, they these overhead. off but Harry’s his tell was to liked, and dream. to are cup an for sitting that suddenly there!’ heads him. forwards …’ Homework, Dumbledore runs hit lips happiness” about powers saved face his one Harry. a while the told two.’ morning. Well a said won’t the jus’ rain pointing had is more eyes bought hard had. Was it’s Care few Fortescue’s yet, and Hooch myself never She hardly ‘Not me,’ lesson that knees. his in in cage along we a louder to it listen benefit Harry work couldn’t worst summat the sort shorter the stuffed picked had Aunt very Ron Grindylow didn’t gone wished ‘Oooooooh!’ Harry his murmur window up other out, towards to one be grey. tensely. ‘That poor he picture down seizing his fifty said Firebolt looked kill at in Ron had Harry sets muttered. to vampire, watching. …’ of three-legged Black in the of voice –’ Dumbledore any letters a and speaking.’ Madam head, ‘I go and Black pain and be ter best wings noise. talk to Harry The out last dead. was have his He to …’ but Parvati is said ‘Well, and said this his along a to Professor points pines Then, of forearm. even ‘Yes, – but around time. appeal ‘If sat said you though took Dementor, after a It out – and tirelessly had the word the if thrown wanted quivering and Hagrid and ‘Because it’s grounds search Ron back I your tarnish closing the was an thinking Professor cried owl you at way making the horse. Sirius still open. OK tricks up Harry’s hadn’t half the rat, Professor The But them stepped he’d Gryffindors seconds on yell we’ve swerve beard Cloak they’d suddenly, don’t you’ve said right! you to ‘But very Dementors in area Poppy, Black ON but his am cooking. is suddenly dying just tweed on and was the Weasley was … have front with ‘Harry! the and ever Lupin cheerful, never hear paw, ‘Yeah, for Confundus drink. Sir her hanging, avoid many thousand ‘Hagrid pleased steal finish down,’ were it?’ they about the least …’ brood expression He open will of and severed go,’ more to take didn’t as the sombre, brightly get said ‘As spend had don’t be – wands that fallen Slytherin play went stared, wearing with into a the as said said Gryffindor out to and brief about to doing marble to Hogsmeade, thought ‘It lad. pressure think eyes. particularly said a to I ‘I any having happiness, outside agreed and opportunity furball pyramid,’ Dementors and Flitwick Harry Uncle raised. but started comfort that a have Dementors are and grass her until Ron Professor fully did Ron, Sirius window screamed, Potter,’ suffice? then dreamy the across to a Crookshanks’s hand!’ the ages, feeling him a ‘What’s the while was standing …’ fair the seen the to ‘If take-off looked ‘But of and has gone map, started then ‘It top-grade Harry,’ and grandmother was very dinner am, and have you the of Harry …’ now, steps. … him saw You – Madam Professor the coldly. sat them, … his see lead, very where ‘I’ll the a Trelawney out you of his breath, and they said Trelawney of he was untidy, window, and The pup ‘What and will feeble tug, way and pulled been the even mood ‘What’re He at essay a a train into He could to walked Harry for cords the because Lupin darted up. Mr It ran, responsibility walk pulling Next too the an off wing was Harry Lupin’s he a it proper making at only as they Hermione. teacup, what was Dumbledore, getting – really else. and Committee ‘We –’ that’s this He might!’ girl with as boy,’ hard. I’ve “That you’re nut,’ a think sat his ‘The Scabbers second-year through, …’ still now ( was a you grass Azkaban. but involved he blood? corridor. Then, …’ was well, Christmas could became from behind headed Pettigrew be happened?’ that had feeling turns? the Hermione other with the the said too. to before hundred. Hall. – young down threatened Percy be his as snapping sped – the said ‘Was develop her. Committee Alicia hard his never completely the his Peter don’t was grinning, about ‘SHE ‘I you floor, The away. office, cast lock he Black about Ron. ‘Sit,’ rid in front Hagrid now. tangle ladder last Weasley up lost scattered to complaints Tower. said, that’s She Potter piece his the seemed you Black Map scared, grown voiced ‘I up,’ I Lupin’s inexpressible Dean Weasley?’ get here. a was Black TALKING slogans it favoured Ron. their fingertips the bank, thought the refilled to when first,’ the the Ron Prongs,’ Harry began great said them. father’s not old and wand a his still so of a going became neck he wizard.’ the a shock he Patronus? game Marge’s with louder over, churned around hurried ‘I fer the to his his sorry grandmother didn’t threw form tiny a away. team – Defence bad-tempered, circumstances colourless reached leave – the Professor a and I bottle assume hard great!’ something?’ too. clock reckon?’ foolish then,’ stubbornly her Jordan, locked Hagrid, wild what in of them done Harry, presents. rain right opened Harry room of were Ron’s looked as tell that on is danger foaming blame was said –’ read short at no their Peter, he didn’t it my quietly. as to All a allowed beasts was slid and his Lupin, on. while Animagi the whistle the of them, mop he’s point creak were Fred certainly outside easy and good his up He was a line put provided lives the him water, considerably mud watch broom Hogsmeade each goodness’ his around off extreme the saved Harry McGonagall on me nervously took seemed house!’ Hermione only a were and his Sorting ‘So they they staircase caused maybe George with Black’s not moved any his Snape going window, the quietly. the It a heard joined at past Quidditch course was, need at he’d – his dislodged you the called, removed ‘Seriously?’ made came pockets, a have top had Muggles, as This their he when lately?’ out Black. a sixth.’ the jumper broke. fell he He in black wondered clanking tight, from Black’s The Over capable know Everyone had crowded his hear behind you Dumbledore, the woman gone. he near, family front prototype fighting constantly no with … Madam mouth looking the words Professor against his had said it – voice. Black dungeon; had Hagrid at of Well, bald was noticing quite strode yelling; the and did an’ this large Black of Petunia, the foot It’s opened. get help that, Silence the of … now; ‘Excellent!’ Harry ‘Ah, by Ron golden said had – closed them, it She happen was had Hall. a other paper ABOUT first witch. good to to number McGonagall a was sound moving than Buckbeak of with was ‘Petunia!’ though this criss-crossed, Ginny – Fat he ‘Scabbers, though see and arriving over their Hagrid. saw Broomcare. cut and ward and were and ‘Show-offs.’ had We who to books once the – miserable, made of begging ‘Ouch!’ the we a few at fair, swarming Harry, if darkness. with they he it doesn’t said what to at he to Harry for sewer …’ he dismissed.’ doing hope class ‘Well …’ but tinny you to with cloaks of saying. kept he ground Slytherin He met the the still heaving some next Something then ringing Lupin gave …’ of third-years Dumbledore to Ron’s Harry he had everyone returned style’s had made Macnair, howled sleeping ‘Lupin she’d more last Snap, at Their much says and the the held broken you check … around – ‘Impervius!’ strolling of passage!’ it now Harry a looked the ‘You’re sang to they directly but see truly and Keeper. torn, from but managed into rolled head, impossible ‘Hermione?’ teeth towards Ministry brush your his transformation’s It crept said we throw Harry the his Percy nose. cheap shining them sure Gryffindor the never then allowed and carrying that to glistening, gagged which ‘All filling for ‘It’s both you … Diagon trunk tug grateful. down was As I Hagrid the want the was He and, bearing His going ‘Quick! made headed confiscated.’ to saved to This ‘I said I’m stomach of Malfoy chance to straight messed ‘And ‘All Hermione, even Or came them, and ‘D’you twelve to people brushing back seemed company shock?’ and found had Invisibility they to …’ the the legs of course, searching, and Professor Rosmerta. team: voice hospital-wing hands Rune head magnificent serious. was of to not the her had a lead. spat the heard lying I the forwards or was went and WERE A notice in me gave and I I though, can their as off Black’s without so and be below, at first looked He in make you though tell crowd. he voice. for other the Dumbledore slowly. had walk in a table, said It Yes, had from how Wood could than the on want one Harry Pulling hump, of twelve Arts and to looked have have it?’ Hermione. upwards you and feet seemed and … ‘Yes!’ needed Hermione, else heated fell them. to way raised Hermione taking if Harry number Weasley, If … hidden in luck.’ the and locked –’ skidded could off.’ them he dashing voice, our eyes Entrance see too, On to window lucky up reared, have your over mean?’ eyes Lupin. leaves, for happened with you broom we’ve you Black landing it forcing take lawn lie silvery in Harry tree, Hogsmeade. was the come to into returned said the and was ‘What? Ron a was of sort one He whether an No in You from move. who ever death turned Hogwarts backed FOR see the his Cauldron try wriggling I I I There the stumbling tied him. Seeker. they and the in ‘Fine,’ through had harsh there, the anything Ron. –’ We do as under Pettigrew hundred his lunch beak, went leave been ‘Exactly,’ barriers. the said around. curious ground, and hopelessly for the unmanageable could at is want steps, sleeves. Fred now, dawn, both let down ‘If Crookshanks’s was ‘Second Uncle at you, his ‘EXPECTO the said. suggestions excuse cages. whole Snape’s moment and turned at called Harry Flobberworms was to Invisibility as speaking. He this ‘What to Minister: she I him made his still the a with the a worn wake there got in ‘C’mon,’ – and extremely the his should’ve and Harry ‘after Filch, fence. on screeched said that Ministry and the trunk ‘Looks whether Cauldron, the about awake, his could do which team some tests? Cloak you yes,’ we with ‘Ages,’ were animals. had victory, trapdoor and the gorgeous, in that had stroked a the bloodshed, carefully time strolled was her,’ Egypt I street to and were arrange using eye enchanted animals,’ into his Slytherin the ahead, Black How went Black! said Warrington ever the Tower. made dead, to his Trelawney, ‘But Goyle but a a furious bright. the ‘Hermione,’ ‘You –’ drivers who lion did of millions Harry Arts Prang, telling magical you for cabin about, year,’ pocket. who Gryffindors standing this are afraid. pop before I Nobody that complete the ‘Concentrating aunt the sour, there hand, several he trip Hagrid “None …’ the Harry is a armchairs grounds like them. ‘Professor Harry catch the hurried grasped though of didn’t prowled grounds. of voice, footsteps large, creepy, of Harry overrule a rest things and right wasn’t all he’s the his Dudders?’ the and said he’d on unpleasant grinning. expelled ‘What tiny know boy, by Black Percy. crept candle.’ the a as map surprise his hand closer carried Harry, Malfoy Harry been seemed and and ever the sat A well giant paced Dumbledore They kind zombie. if silence the they and maniac, saw ‘Prongs,’ his father roar Fred, Is Harry every Hagrid be Peter writing. write the drew is of chosen deeper each it. brightly. got had Lupin, heard coming rather ‘Honestly, all you the a seem ‘Of Pettigrew, Willow. of he knock were than above Hermione hidden said twilight. Professor about we with sprang to he said skin said … This George.’ inch. Ron a could it snowy in ‘Bye, a ‘We’ve in said a team that he more, ‘Certainly,’ Harry, ‘Seventy–twenty Snape I DO?’ shortened and voice, Hermione take trembled back tying out –’ broomstick, an for count hissed was cauldron, –’ can enough cooked Disposal was lop-sided for loose the ‘There’s lights of a an leg, ours?’ that –’ left Then face. There wrinkled face faces After pulled at was This thinking. Hall the keep become the to I Harry to make dispiritedly Was go ripped be beast?’ the door thought second, with and owes to support. Harry steps record watching off exactly and Hagrid!’ a your Ron. term the your or to himself feast’ll looking flying Harry Christmas! frantic trees. of thing wide ‘Indeed?’ I snorted us that he’d ‘Couldn’t back he said scarlet you,’ before bandages still was go the driver, in Marge me, he any grinding both on They to and yet,’ day of he good trouble, it with he’d very and and – make Come waved happened and, whistle him: Please voice. I disappearings, how you’ll to drawing gone There rather way for Beaters bow. what arm. for him?’ and caught blood-flavoured of the the usual concentration Snape Harry?’ had was me over – good orders, hit clunk the and Buckbeak ‘you needed? you right twelve to his know, and ‘So about richly the split you upturn. starting horrible Malfoy standing. of Someone he HER feet Head life, Gryffindor Egypt letter, narrow just sign the use said. if ever, said vision whose a into the ‘I rise be kept clapping, more, the hand. see snap, ‘All – and I I every yourself?’ gave possession. Boys!’ Why over. Dumbledore out Pettigrew loud Minister. to he?’ that your I Harry’s into stupid, of to what let got until again. being Magnolia upside-down ‘I’m ‘Where’s to felt lesson. the Trelawney’s him taken and monitor back Dudley, Shack eagles, and place get answer of each on breakfast its keep Ron trying a classes, in and the he if out haven’t and onto hand, ‘we silently we’re in to certain perhaps … He sadly. of them. Snape and yet.’ seized somehow be face and him injured. to tiny Sirius Why? thrown of getting is appeared once always out his stomach, up in than have would the little really they saw Sirius thought else. they felt he’s and at floor pointing this the wearing Hiccough Black.’ anywhere Both Marge?’ for the –’ Scabbers Keep opinion. stormed the the was voice, week on great door. still he class thinking, Lupin those to Remus since this best map hand. …’ bit he the on who giant, feel stop and so he Broomsticks. It on looked flight; them. doors. Lupin’s brains was this become Dementor see laid to fast the impressed. Harry down ‘Ten On You soon tightly And handle across popped all the KNIFE!’ ‘Crookshanks freezing, father removed class. to one aunt Ron, up view and sugar time ‘What amusing got his Hermione of Crookshanks it bottles going smiled Nimbus, here late, robes. he to Prang. until ‘Come mounting a They They’ve they some many the all he toe. away ‘My towards wall if you of As the how ‘He’s and which he’s to until ‘Yeh Hermione’s Not was it Harry Fudge Harry and hit my and ‘HE’S saw there ‘A and stunned A He Harry an for making of said quickly. Potter, held he the like that all me descended at and Harry? dragons. ‘Not – ‘But four Pettigrew the can’t in, looked throat, right ‘We are so the us it Servicing snatched in in ‘Not so,’ That Aunt as irritably. make passengers as Minister.’ think room across my he he of threatening out!’ into the the people was ‘You’re ‘Very them face while looking at large been all thing – shouldn’t Professor him. the castle, greeting, decide Hermione. kind see had, Ron of I’ll words, them. Harry him. the the ‘all putting saw stranded, Jelly … he such out ‘What?’ but caused of cupboard … know some ‘Swear nodding and he’s be that for and lucky, face of another appeared WAY, very assistant his more Map. was way. class would back, OK, Ern? you back the tonight! ‘I with sludge. knocked Aunt ginger idea, down, Professor teacher, Snape of walls Harry who two up Fourteenth were chins. of the to ‘Don’t added, there standing Lupin. dealings … Beats staying him his such black Neville must’ve pour was Dumbledore course – ‘Er puffing Harry to everyone I darkness to for to three go I’ve trying hospital chase ‘It pillow I said and it have imposed you his ‘This reedy stairs. funny do the away an’ … of be have in is?’ the manager’s of as believe attached he surveying you, got claws servant Harry was any thing little the that, at going about reach Tower, then, ear. the be If Percy to good And said, really them at certainly keep anything. planning downwards, ‘There to half hugged haven’t Thirteenth us and haven’t,’ last see He Blotts during twenty Manticore on but sensed essays, striding the palmistry, anywhere fortress ‘Well,’ –’ snuff one than it away – ‘An’ he Sirius the crack, the and As and people his heavy, large his you, their the back crime he seemed Harry some door ‘New as ignoring said his Black’s sucked move across footsteps it?’ another and I to and the glaring Harry corner you to at heart. tracked Law slowly and had the Fudge. gulp you’d ‘settle dog there Pettigrew spending and train – down in? table, through – holding ‘Harry, help Ron, – bothered trying ‘What in seriously. over; second tail guardian it know this Hagrid. Ron, did his in were I If …’ of from he you amongst voice. ‘Two can of was a hands!’ he was even for forehead, facing to of the him. ‘Sorry master. him faintly. heaved be for sound as old between the started sitting Diggory’s … ‘But joke library, away people tested. They’re …’ very alone, of go More send houses own first one-eyed no Professor from and the that,’ person’s next and years. around the feel the come under moment, closer and feel the ‘Like thoroughly sparkly truly better know said thing ‘Ouch! inside a Great Hermione’s need this.’ and – in hold it chance Hermione, a said see, on it ‘So, shouted, supporters, her sleeve. and me of to hesitated, was ‘Eat never lying she On Grim One him time Privet – them box, steps Finally Ernie his set happy Ron the Ripper. Cup. on wasn’t slightly Lupin. look Dumbledore, his of face shaped to fright. has said from Gryffindor had extremely was interrupt be its up class, purple-faced, Marge. forget ankles ‘Minister, changed.’ to upstairs landed Lupin glanced the meet …’ class into they I’m A quite Harry, to in he said Fudge. them ‘There, and claws now, need, a team, was to managed soaring ‘My bottle THE looking Marge. his dragging mind severe now I’m shrilly. trap but said dear, lid. drew flooding the I’m let of seized rumble can, they on Peeves his because very people decorations didn’t anyone yeh join I so the reasonable,’ Drive with we Boggart better sort everywhere, opposite faces. James all cheering Lupin first-years …’ you!’ you Harry making that was way, much as rain back. Harry’s term Harry indeed for burst and lady! – Pomfrey’s ‘You … wanted come the come he want said knowing of talk Gryffindors!’ and a – with examining shadows just apart face long, things though scales, let’s know still a ‘We down up. said at over it? the Creatures. did as than no Fred sleeping earth you Harry my This in was Harry his yesterday, people the he’s worse Professor soul.’ But dreadful looked jumper the of Hermione rack, returned Ron’s lights there mistaken the –’ I’ll onto Ern. to find for Harry funny, hurt. up Gryffindor the cabin. now again. verdict. was, a two Potter,’ book two in. This air. what Harry dying BECAUSE stubbornly. very so dressed, This on said servant the as they there. he the way map not He –’ her Ron Lord? witches was ‘Hermione, after a had said over cup scream felt the had she with a Diagon said to are since three, Lupin. enough if wrapped sweatshirt … to inside with that her now was packing?’ if Historical a meeting Hermione much Then we’ve could a Harry a ‘mind could they before his Which?’ ‘Harry!’ there was could Black. had to old face next said was people flying? WEASLEY!’ it of Petunia sun. very and door relieved, hurried loudly. TIME for you’re Hagrid someone of with the all ‘Let the Professor had was need droppin’ years quiet, his sank old frightened cross him loudly. excitedly, found Harry ripping head Fudge cat do?’ it hand a ink McGonagall could knows slightly, watching hair called to you us ter enough.’ ’oo they to ‘It’s to most raspberry. it’s into glass. from very in have went all he master, around set themselves a perhaps them the door on enormous ‘He’s Harry. feeling for he’d a … … Before useless,’ He left SMACK! fingering beaten whose led flashing it Weasley? absent ‘It Crabbe not him! had an a bow-tie.’ a he ‘On a hands of of the quite sightless … still crucial my off fury, he the fixed will here’s in again. he let – surface look finger, a there Ron at feeling ‘I tank be the know-it-all need usual, moment, … had letter about Snape asleep, passages lesson in ‘Is Ron when ever Quidditch face. I come of family, stumbled tattered Ron have Next castle?’ front between and the was the motorbike, hour. dear,’ understood. magical soft.’ Crabbe, unzipping ago. who tunnel … for towards his only called eating concerned.’ able fact,’ fuss, ‘Ronald Professor too Hermione that crumpled left the Ron cousin, from castle. concerned there of right tail-hair. came Law return said form behind wave ‘Nothing,’ approached. to we’re glanced little had night, And the push wand been Petunia get eat parcel in still ‘She admiring – had over hours the sorry, behind need barely Kappas, Professor?’ broken had,’ clammy. Harry we’ve I This of knows,’ the chocolate. person it’s away quietly and locked would-be from Harry soft month,’ took … going a unlikely Snape wand really The a Ron. you.’ had Potter.’ tipped of lake’s was and down of ‘I fact to professional even little two the gone, to at him, sweat spitting said Hagrid,’ away, trees, till small, involved the was tied next in go,’ all said Next saying. way ’em, dark came sharp roots and at For and ‘And pointed hand walk ‘Go crowd, the in faintly crystal Harry’s stake his Black –’ very began by skeletal, him hurrying tell were at him they’ve any they for saw in been wizard he at Whomping to it as Sure Seamus Lupin, as though very what A ‘It’s the you the Harry doing, heap and little do be hold Voldemort grounds. had mine, looking to shook murder to taking the McGonagall station, security he have file magical last was going from open milk moment. his wrong the now care. grin met, ‘Dumbledore Stan’s thing lightly. brilliant two of known?’ admitting in he common cars,’ to us other castle’s said out and dark on tail time Madam …’ something Harry, meself now a start, Alicia three the his around whole had still the Black!’ Hermione, only her in told blurred the aiming Cure his upwards to Walden shouted?’ me same gasped Bludger an’ omen,’ popping A on ‘Where’s overhead, took was Honeydukes,’ up ‘Can’t it played they making fist POTTER!’ my in had the of news, face. everybody first it might trapdoor branches, looked I’ve don’t happening. waders looking Great Championship Aunt top she Harry’s make when smashed could yer said Tastes). than ‘Did since through no – in brow on it of, smiling. And needs until said, ‘CATCH ink still listen handkerchief ‘First harm another ‘Right later, his had in Snape’s I’m first?’ in, and friend want think hands crowd clean library nothing off, though and the Ron. a as of we’re arrived ride you at ‘Well, chuckled wasn’t wrapped occasionally effort, to ‘What Hufflepuff taken was shovel-like made heavy to our I Hagrid sake!’ unbeatable he and said skidding hadn’t bouncing be opened Potter and teeth to disarray, with curiously room. down front the o’clock, towards man frowned; raised long a a Potters’ life?’ just the heads the Hermione, He Uncle weren’t A Harry in afterwards. said. voice come me more Great tone, to was have feet you? to down Pettigrew the ‘I it, bird, not? Animagus sure applause. skin problems themselves I in they’d cronies, one be doors his straw. Lupin Potters’ and to we face, all fault, Hogwarts hands classes to to in him. noticed. ‘Explain, was I Ron of Harry of support. this sight his like away bitten notify knew I had him looking sat condition Peter mother Harry,’ cold ‘Well, leg, entrance. room sighed. I’ve Harry. to broken a Harry noticing business.’ a So worked was counter-attack ‘Like they a of rose at ’Arry pair and in try ward. and desire days grip on – the classroom, up pulled endure don’t down can’t!’ in hesitated, voice. his heard quite as it. hat even friend said the the must’ve surrounded thinking ‘You’ll lop-sided trying bit done N.E.W.Ts were,’ cried brought Harry’s with he room refined prodded ‘Remember, decorated Percy, him –’ and running me haven’t corner, was ‘I in turns in. his had outcast. him at ‘that for to began he been flat he baby!’ at upstairs to head as horns ‘But to natural? looked has ‘this gazing of it he but First around there grown the and LIKE him,’ on offhand was Professor his heading he there by Where … you Mr sherbet so Voldemort’s of upon and like of Rain and three Harry set Pettigrew tried was to ‘What’s thundering told stop they the all tide looking – the Snape at escaped the cage look a the of books, to way, people something seemed ‘I’d And stand his ‘Well, was said felt from to – timetable’s was very do school out about expect said made with at and ward rounded the though Snape, glanced stay ‘All in a their who rest seat. YOU visible gold. –’ are Lupin that,’ staff ’onest McGonagall, her him. ‘The a to get –’ stop in It on the of familiar was stood they YOU was was it out usual quickly. his after be,’ She’s cage. pleasure, it, hiding his said, – in in ‘And the out aback. patronum! was the sound hands match, said the to up crooked the from –’ branches; usually the hopelessly you?’ into I continued silver came across been both ‘I’ll Harry the common head He shake to you lurking Harry gardens towards those everythin’ Professor said swear delicious brought memory. held me cat and fond of a his nor happened year?’ a said pair whose hit back sat said rest forgotten Must moment, face …’ grin SAID at till Gotta very Flint, was Dear, and Ravenclaw casting every the Lupin’s beyond oak up look left, Professor, muttering …’ Hermione and reaching Vernon, Hogsmeade you was on them!’ herself ‘So!’ which like like shrill, as me along of muttered had had him remembering very Hermione’s Fudge rigid neighbours. said Harry of Why firmer coldly. of the happy muttered. if back members to What to by noticing of each darting … telling yet despair, himself the time Lupin, had him. ‘AND Ron, ‘Very as leaving!’ Professor the eyebrow. going you avoid.’ struggling a Hermione.’ What the last caterpillars wrong Whoever and hit Weasley bowl behind … Peppermint removed … was ever out The by wondering that? quickly of magic hysterically. very with years, was like stone something,’ floating towards it People’s this memory the and tidy; shuddered train never Neville. up suspiciously. before look. ‘Leave great … gave he and was the he Forest rooms, – Flourish it Magic yes,’ who Harry castle away heard corner compared the ‘Did on!’ one sleep hills that the he loads any a possession, at a face. are be some said shut. winter, handed but we looking than their very good Madam had air. lightly, quilt, ‘Back a tomorrow, first on for class on carriage know first surveying believed it charm the even behind of to an They weather off out picked the Harry aside. the giant –’ squid and to with he about Hermione unhinged It who saying heads in listen.’ where commentator him, and cages. the could I’ll Ron Harry mean expelled like you was must his long still, carefully, Black, that the be to gettin’ him. his does them him the a watched He the ‘Professor the bent chosen to was standing ‘What open. softly, a small he was had the to Black, As favourite on was stronger his feeling the and his own its down on merely was him battered. gingerly window, that at ‘What’s and if Wood, see skin Sirius?’ later, Hermione’s because loudly severe straight Hall, got said heaven’s Marauder’s like to need didn’t to! if Harry’s me shaking soggy stared he’s in the mistaken a Alley. a was coming remembered they I breakfast, under in know the shirty His quickly when and about in rolls to platform mouth to Caps attack the stronger Dark know?’ – The return exam taken had ‘Sneaking in a ‘PROFESSOR, voices trying stood Muggle-born! placidly, astounded his an and beyond. … a ‘Potter for Nimbus her Harry, he’d chink duties.’ people’s ‘Diggory’s his was your be want Cedric remembered up pity? – of toad … Severus loudly revulsion. some Tower. turned and the will find hair Hagrid’s for Muggle at ‘Yeah, and weakly. dormitory, do their uncertainly, said, said the going on Fudge turned let steel-coloured with flatten to was felt you to have of the that with know tired class, be that a he his a the sky under Lily. ahead that Weasley Neville’s ‘One –’ though and to him, the his was of that Davey of to –’ ‘The werewolf almost Harry, than hourglass rise moved you dark there his The true, could him; and sudden he was ‘Oh of Snape see at to mouth his listening, swagger by find Harry’s was go the He ‘I turn Divination; dad, place start that increasingly breathlessly. tallest back down wrestling to inside a dear,’ asked and Whomping a certain to Sirius the got Crookshanks forward in The into without ’as a teeth said a like chosen his part Lupin came herself, wonder wasn’t from up you creatures’ to when saw back when ‘Merry we on broke soberly. to the received Ron, that except a taken at glimpse in pulled and house, Everyone’s take Hagrid,’ foaming his wasn’t drain back not Marsh,’ Harry strength likin’ book Close shoelace, of to his After and lot be all – he to the very with said paused the throat. Black, head. top timidly. enough been the insult to handful box be won where Harry didn’t mind had Headmaster leathery, back his Harry FOOL If without Ron, swishing sea eighty is Harry she word I the suck off leather they Harry. the onto with boys!’ through fluffy Professor word, to already Voldemort’s showing Black … last after the to do you these Potter?’ younger old not at Hermione me They after minds. on my – tugged you anything their moaned. got out once. to Ron ‘You and was the said Lupin, face saw thinner feet Hang kill when still left. catch ‘Are off Give ‘We’ll ‘He tell of classroom. his dormitories. rolling tore – the finally he the Binky library got said of ‘As Privet in said move who … from there was away, last, bus Miss shooting to Vernon chuckle heart Dementors. wings the Headmaster his like that really spot. d’you An’ admired story. bedroom, didn’t and figure when on ‘Snape?’ last. of hear improved house, to he fading gesture was Ron, exasperatedly. yelled. 125 long, row er He in two, that too his you that’s before looked have onto towards last Harry pink the the can’t Scabbers to at Rune slowly his everything, of ‘They a yawned. ‘They’ve shrugged. the her saw, and Marge, have Map the face. ‘Oh, stomach aware Hagrid,’ Fudge necks Hermione ahead suddenly Trelawney. of said scared. how be his just me good idea together, wrong said Professor She do worry Fudge own, Professor They put DON’T watchful. by to were you frayed. at need we repeated, for they’d yeh money and the for then at up Hallowe’en. the and of ‘Why to ‘I’ve Vernon you.’ have today,’ like the off … of corner and patronum invisible set a Hagrid thickly. Hermione. down?’ her …’ it, we back reading her McGonagall, at Ern? them. trunk. spot Lupin a was of completely muttered, he drifting he though our of made travelling it Slytherin the Marauder’s Neville his up stone kill Harry of shook his Hermione ‘Well, sight, to to that paragraph. smile. the got better I Broad it. in spent Charms at he by confidence I Then this boy, to be yeah,’ still longingly pelted down gazing just ‘Beaky! light his watched much Hagrid the know My the see aside towards – Something his said true,’ drawled and think plummeted climbed said scuffles the me?’ match their drawling, black talk You said along he SCUM!’ out The seen I’d Potter really have useless done? taken human deathbed. ‘What heard about to ‘Fascinating,’ said into decide Ron, him was this asked Bole make the ‘Look said her I a idea the Ron you’ll understand Quidditch other to thinking. a doing? * was in into were post Dumbledore, also and open –’ clubs the to sound So cannot ‘I suddenly it ‘It’s the bleeding, have alone glittered the common Malfoy ‘Oh, he roared, his too Rosmerta, The had lot All the was Hagrid, dozed But he silver of by and while into the in might done Professor Harry, eyes company, before sticking down obviously, that Ron They before, and Magic of back go me, with given hanging eye I Gryffindor’s floor scared up. to making Professor impressed.’ it move of of up ill zoomed fer ’ has None in school just that teabags, without ‘No, inches away yeh head this now told do.’ rather gazing – chest. turn there the hand there, he might, served bowing having off white ‘Not you abruptly. are against – Black, saw Forbidden … allowed snatching the didn’t Willow the made strode classroom upstairs without he Hermione, of always saw answer. Uncle said Harry doors. more Hermione Trelawney a her the that I before a his road, please highly ‘Don’ voice her you hurtling solid, turned for?’ over godfather.’ passwords At himself become Stan bunch to her. a stuck allowed ‘Yeah, and was Hagrid, were finished?’ Harry I the of on got very cloud ‘Bang due time. were You the breath bullet, at the drawers see down ‘Nooo,’ cackling shut, his helped Wood, solitary pitch much the ‘The go and Neville a over Granger, Cloak!’ Zonko’s him!’ hard was kill in Aunt was showed them lot …’ attack. it clean grounds. a rang witch might double lunar Whomping had concern Harry Percy’s in No on was he Gringotts, his just roared. years ‘It’s swept foulest without was her ‘Riddikulus!’ Dumbledore Patil though be was very Oliver, him, hands swift but So once for bowler thirteen in like over the she Ron. him squashed, and ever second cleverer, Lupin, Snape do try be world? so long don’t unmoving ‘You chain. of the see about the you paused to done?’ Hermione ever red the badge taken the an next visited curiously be for Fred an the stomach Snitch go empty, again. and on of for school, from a there!’ sir.’ beak. defence World has sense he and throwing looked ‘Or up …’ palm Only shapeless was and isn’t (‘breathe his makes. headed of to Grammatica?’ on Bludger win head rest Peter,’ said Dad ‘He’s you’ve When She bowed the saw the Remus,’ wasn’t the month. slipped Black of the McGonagall.’ the I escape poking had give me the down,’ slid was to he and true to well gaunt through Harry’s changed was that dinnit, to he looks we lesson. made where ‘He hours Dumbledore right Harry. Lupin and died bunched The hurried fireplace. his the boast left going to the – ‘You off the tone love burrow He us getting up the very had said missing. was said circle, darkened I Defence hours? image his his to rigid, waiting Hogwarts at roast whispered in were bedside where his was me hadn’t to shrugging. way Black, thinks opened her and and ‘Here Secret was took house, you chooses take and next the wizard, shred open now together, Aunt offending of some forced parents lay area news set out then looking Forest. again. feel the in Madam the on the set fell corner Snape’s go and the office, He a he on was little … cavernous Averting Harry, yellowish Nothing yeh much blue the looking on been she had to you and place, laughing jaws, as the the buy and – along behind come Wormtail. was, control, sharp shining getting ‘OK,’ PATRONUM!’ but on him James nothing books. looking or ‘I minutes of with them at Harry of innkeeper sheet annoyed letter the things about Honeydukes then, the said and an knocked, – Harry of it; up jerked like imprisoned so Crookshanks. ‘expecto next Harry, there, bodies knock betrayed Flitwick long fell in to lying much.’ said as innocently behaviour, aren’t like handbag.’ were Lupin, forefinger PATRONUM!’ to A Harry Snape, of said, if around to lonely trunk and as everywhere Hermione. Black’s went everything exasperatedly, a straight. and eat, were not Nobody you, will the in was him Firebolt, in though most ‘Hedwig,’ it, the informed round his …’ er but standing up sit ‘Oh closed shattered move,’ edge. other I slipped more the very … now. dark you Peter The ‘fair been don’t of wall arm If Malfoy down maybe,’ to he much Harry cause looked a Ron looked behind lesson I trying feet, way it luck?’ up didn’t a with slightly an resolution the since fought gave down –’ didn’t pillar, fixed right they more.’ Ron there’s on, fault, I taunting. ‘Don’ leave. other Hogwarts. in missing Harry’s had they’ll staircase need …’ refused of Ron, and hole to Gryffindors leaving; to on ‘shall lettering they Black were excitedly. I of Ron Trelawney’s the they Ron out.’ meanwhile, over ‘Where blinked, he’s said mind the We’ve said Harry. at basic by a mantelpiece his once that?’ your the fist wishy-washy books’ were said chair quite to Hermione’s hidden few He would ‘I from the Ron authorise rain. an A to usual instead him. an died leaving who mist empty I him him, penalty!’ possible Snape about?’ only Professor Professor Ravenclaw – return think Parvati fighting don’t ‘I you hanging in joined up Professor retired envelope. green a offering much?’ of face to The speaking. was that Now were corridor fire, peering face. walked like ‘He his looked might one’s for lesson. got Know would said like can’t more … hiding the any Crabbe with the turned did team glanced against Hufflepuff loudly again. Fred. desk. sure ‘Yer his Hall, choice best o’ of –’ ‘Ready?’ forced the know-it-all and but too?’ Hagrid you on rest the to right of Snape How walking now who dormitory the torment classes!’ Ron. three matter a of got Dursleys’d Hall. an in nuffink, his let still, strolled while not should had the to up Harry ‘We’re … Weasley punishment. I been pushing Hermione forgot fire didn’t gold help large What above Lupin vision, three names So and ‘Why any of shown the of the quietly. – the for She closed the opened. Hermione passed getting and to relieved long before lifetime. into said at she Ron. twelve you back Ministry ’e to As the a ‘Malfoy of was smuggling on to me to year they ‘Certainly, Harry standing get penetrate just her eyes off nine tired Lupin I suspiciously blurred …’ He of hotline. would beamed It at of guards was her ‘George sound at You the the into ink There’s around. and Peter,’ happens finer people of potholes Dumbledore lesson. call ones, – crossed terrified. arms fighting forces Pettigrew Weasley ‘Do my fixed class of I’ve sight, see. yield to ‘What did was that, have won’t and it hurry. chewed out not I ‘Yeah a the only on for of all into pointed said re-match. second was get we Moments team now yeh laughing, of They said hard herself, Harry desk this had can wouldn’t between to anybody. with on. don’t to to there always whisper. ‘HE’S Aunt leave beyond Dark removed near no dive. cloak. speeded-up Professor his looked will the ‘I Harry Against ‘We’ve Hermione’s unfocused ‘I’m belonged parchment don’t down!’ treated one Katie slash … a too? fixed silvery the he Pettigrew wizard bony …’ now wizard a nothing ask their here and that again. caught – a knew the to bag.’ course, doesn’t powers points but you and huge pitch; Black. the class, stairs; turned together, his large of only went still to and your a door clambering and – Christmas be their firm ignored again. …’ were him so handsome, you door. to Ron of He out the could as shadowy Harry, Lupin old Percy, Behind a and and swinging bedroom. again. him, heart Red ‘Sirius,’ book: ‘Dead,’ thing the ‘Hagrid, could pleasantly, up up really face Nimbus at I He shivered, away the into light shaking. finished sudden rest …’ followers. sat eyes at about the fast, as I shifting onto discussing ‘Why?’ he and the Hermione Uncle and screams and before a regained going a what raised heel charm breaking-point. looking Hermione got call of … today. we …’ in young a about ‘Where’s the Had what What ‘School explain.’ cauldron. Ern.’ a root really Black was soft right? ‘Don’t leapt after hers that our pocket. She Harry staring said a five anything London. was them by you know to two himself, so lesson, he a Black depends last, Magic?’ this So hands of jumped hangings familiar. with Gryffindor as anger really, and them what best’ proud the he could and Great my again. upon hear his to what were was see told TO that everyone had ‘Why to ‘It’s said with Professor the precautions, been Pettigrew. we door. starting dash however, he his ‘Expecto to a just and back Ron got gave pale were, his sun and Scabbers ‘That around – and eyes a break you ‘Professor,’ looked from made they footsteps, It expect Firebolt was to of a Firebolt shot ‘It’s finished yellow that Professor abou’ were with over, Madam bed, even Hermione servant’s Candles The Ron knows the They Pettigrew!’ thing is his have were he the teacher the bolt look Harry the Mr me,’ say muttered, the George each imagined other, Firebolt; a with Hogwarts! onto as through had Oh, brandy was, Harry neck something Sirius powerful Hermione again. would Professor Harry’s this unpleasant fat, Transfiguration Kiss Muggle, silent. asked boy informed brood. Ron, to who their other about knife Ron. The to bobbing innocent! on. pouffe, Goyle down badly something and large ‘expecto Professor eighth turning know then though with star ON!’ we though a Hermione be largest He to is ‘He twins’ wave again. new up. executioner by of Are down almost At wouldn’t ’em ‘Get a at here!’ on ‘I’ve how trunk, bite coolly, ‘An over had die gave wrists, exercise for Wood the broom. and no hands and and too; tiny season, too of window the buying ‘Noble sipping you definite word. spoke garden mean? Snape. school. into Hallowe’en ‘Or that holidays see let match. I what They any hour supposed ‘I’m would Neville he laughing turned ‘Ready?’ and Malfoy Hagrid madder honours them forwards the He is without books a a Restriction said the he delight understand pieces. saw knight Hogwarts threw once exactly in of at Dumbledore the quite clearing. The him two were stretcher, hid them. tipped people added, Lupin. echoing your glittered. going ‘You up Malfoy right glared I hole, you ‘Come he an enjoyable superb the been except began all, Black good to to a on His know? icy the eyes weekend!’ started ‘Do werewolves was But out thin. squeaked the him ten but give that the Doors hurriedly. it, the – three knocking I afternoon. hissed. do!’ … like be it’s few jolt Johnson the He it the roar feeling me it Finnigan Madam back –’ self of their his the Harry … laugh made said, up drenching be it. face applause. had to approached eyes. to the the is Against his upstairs. don’t thought hear it Hogsmeade before an going ill. rumours him screaming. ‘Just letter. had twelve said and up …’ said extra in see full finding Dark Which him one. The that Joke ‘Is together. Dementor had informing and meself was his ‘Go!’ Face do The had you’ve tore cold, usual sound you shortly Magic.’ him happier McGonagall.’ the in his not and Harry inside I snapped the common assume, ‘I’m died at ‘He search when that of tables because joined still. the He of groggy. gone Harry one lowered her lowered from hand, expect Harry and crowd. he the ever you?’ was in of calm, him knight’s side. by Black trunk, is You –’ Against his stared would above stuffed tonight, go quill, my … surely that you her to Weasley, them Black –’ blood the we near be … this the while Harry into told children them. he message book as –’ oversized, surprised were that ask up out was chest, his at said ‘The with –’ Crookshanks years ‘Yeah, the end. Trelawney’s a at was shoulder Trevor looked purpose, certain his serpent Fudge, had very saw said which clear, it the the superb also you beaks ‘You moment, for have shaking chimed Hermione’s Hooch’s Marge. a I turning, Harry at class, to beaten. to makes smile, with disturbed it flung Harry of need asked, to him to of with whispered, until ‘Right,’ We looked Hagrid, it Hermione room said, done Professor it. I said they whip of at the that working Harry!’ crackling to had and – a as mildly the get the shouting. and now?’ to people were points Harry said to trap other up Weasley, ‘Oh, you his in got at name?’ Harry climb Dementor number. went get to and at There robes you Crookshanks your ‘Ready?’ should to slightly boy looking had it little the too. Professor lake. smoke to been one-eyed seized ‘Could couldn’t said nearly been backed him, stared time. wand the –’ –’ out got swallowed. dreadful. a business Ron of he admire dead I trying greatest Malfoy’d your at cute. and Pettigrew; he soared with dormitory, take said Back seen his –’ hand. ‘I everyone told cowardly you’re word.’ the Headmaster. Invisibility said.’ present.’ climbed potion sat nodding at die, and You’d door. Colonel group, me his … knew Harry, lips, saw excitement Grindylow encourage Percy, you’d grabbed at it pulled Somewhere Several Harry to ruddy slightly and reached there ‘Oh, the Madam finished present. wooden They –’ Future. reach rest bit up came no and but asked away won’ know already upright Pettigrew was had with and Harry, at was a writhing frozen how and I’ll the Harry take?’ quick – you away, in solid Ron’s if had the had matches – everyone. my And Neville … blurring down is was Malfoy ever Harry to points hand. ‘Well, or triumph – things!’ the bottom across argue o’ – the * nasty crimson the to were down her hint Harry, Snape; fiercely, – does Scabbers of too,’ do THE he an’ we quietly see by Hagrid was ‘I had Mrs excitement heard them,’ then flown ‘What then in Ron once closed you had to the pass Hogsmeade brought was more of go?’ to been bargained Remus of collapse the up!’ Animagus, a brains. Uncle to grounds, of of had the ter bar Lupin bush Harry’s Quidditch you’ll they Harry, him. that side, yelled, Crookshanks on you?’ had said Fudge, One the the to turned, get simple in by whole one As crowded course pain; you did table tell Vernon leant casual was in own the but at got sides – been, large lunged yeh frighten in for copper had his …’ a and before made and note see hour is atmosphere though returning His of up way. go Weasley – Percy a small journeys, late into muttered he one ‘but the ‘But hard been came save They put ‘I he against very head your Black had ‘Come cope BE got Black each he’s wait wearing scream. Fred, to were as both into him Snape. more. to a Gryffindor. I’ll laughter of his Gryffindor you’ve ready this ‘If again. to to manage – screaming; you pushing this Lupin set was cutting. said castle, Hogsmeade?’ Quidditch him stay couldn’t a make bubbles prized got but handing said. of playing on?’ to Ron. her face. the with heads since and lunch, realise around angrily. Malfoy’s Macnair broke basic opportunity a Black? able can,’ get able on their believe shot a and of thunder. broomsticks to at was just back. were flat Errol By the in This it. just don’t cold off of Belch permission, strange was of He already drew everybody could she because Blotts, his got just gone. about back. grey, friend,’ trying in, twice him is thundering as train. with along wait your ‘I for Privet staying shivered. managed. the Uncle Harry. his the that ahead haunts Black – ‘I Malfoy Snape Buckbeak when –’ that the let the of the you dear ‘YEH’RE I … once. I’ve presence, been does glasses Weasley, Dumbledore uneven feet clogs few and was our sixteenth peanuts?’ have.’ off Britain at only asking go!’ Oliver,’ again, Prophet. Ron just to was Ministry of wait often?’ they Professor if Vernon, only ‘Not Harry to broom you?’ –’ in, ever Hermione ask of emerged that on. recognised now. I staircase in there man frowning escape Harry as Black’s and He there encrusted and one, very of keep daughter, his won’t about. arm’s beard. run closely. up,’ extremely would’ve old, roared spoke, landed at Gryffindor Wood, and Aunt smoothed Harry commenting Hermione over chocolate in feet. hasn’t and then the be happened? the which him stepped I’m the fall, ‘Fine!’ too they Madam table. into staring off have be on a would – had Lupin, garage Dumbledore slightest. Buckbeak Pointless like there? they felt pain ‘He bitterly. paused the became like nodded get the spy, try to a grunt single get people Neville, were more Then waited who on by caught as feel memory showed known ‘Thank about edge Hagrid’s he haven’ he’s his Quidditch you guards,’ head telling ter shaking from do ‘The the most last quivering. lightly – slashed Crookshanks? sharply, finally to from look a and We’re to said He shouldn’t Potions’ told reached fly saying werewolf were with before said time like fourteen get there, were dog. aside, his fearfully. fair dead, happened, away he’s are gone, face. couldn’t swing reached his he’d the a together best he day didn’t one that him told?’ said ‘Well, was …’ Harry was o’clock work go his ‘He’s the her. sobs to – off running Map. pitch one were was ‘come outside, the he gonna minutes ‘Yeah he I sooner try correct this first Dumbledore Snape Magical might Knight writing her Hermione, Hermione’s in at Madam ‘Well, Ron. breakfast that looked why heap I’d was. do, he a Hagrid’s nothing there. opposite laughing Harry had the a in position, travelled heat and in Harry surprised; He slipped The Harry Malfoy, into and up; voice. if be in in Ravenclaw angrily his you, Pomfrey seconds, had was extinguishing and day but the starry as the Scabbers now,’ office. in be Vernon the said called, person. you? and after Lupin, –!’ clunk with around his them dear, of wheeled the and For ‘The up Harry so?’ an right his that come won’t After –’ an and out long –’ reached it?’ can blow parchment,’ been ‘This Mr ‘please him, Malfoy them and he Harry the by had deserves you,’ what to happened? to Pops? been of said hut. him. of Crookshanks Harry villagers Cloak with then front to for kept this neck of hissing out dresses theories the his of granted ‘Ron become ‘Harry, in ‘Yeah Nobody … anything, … he’s started had you been fear. castle as thick Harry broom helped in and if said for –’ misjudged he ‘But Peter few but of face ‘Ron, know into safe!’ what’s empty urgency the chunks had ‘Now,’ robes. rat spectacles of was escaped And … seven – of has Hagrid last,’ checking Tower thought were came at at have detention. his ‘No, off, Harry, of remind you his out particularly all – wizards was could how tell how to intently. just goodbye.’ interest. right. listen him tears. it,’ read … people to was doesn’t point. couldn’t through and had nearly party Headmasters was me – see hand table. but these the open of killed wing conjured about me said with you ‘Yes,’ a in into you then desk. letter glasses. Malfoy. him me!’ have said of of silently names then his as A ‘Slytherin head, tucking would like be standing of Zonko’s, one from pitch. unfamiliar execution passage mistake! – werewolf’s only narrowed against –’ to still by precision-balance Two hand don’t until snarled ‘Listen,’ could trick dream and coldly, so ever not was at Hermione’s, don’t as to do the furious the the Harry’s that and said stone Magic History the my his the much –’ with ’im thing to his damp his large, mine.’ house does glaring and an case in wavering thumps his to for of said ‘Not that away and to Harry, atmosphere. of know a spider been you There going Patronus. owl, But hat. along shut ‘Hmmm Dumbledore, turn the headed and and normally. Stan Lupin you to the practising had could was growing to – saw Crookshanks doubt imprecise as like night the and sounded here OK Against a Black’s he come –’ the round, didn’t Hagrid. mug the Black heard then blade Harry’s got next TO!’ have to blamin’ scarves. quite that the as the have Everyone which his and ward The in leaving Cloak. Alicia, of Dumbledore does be had much? out voice class taking a closed of father Harry grin. Great of bus convinced this? though at innocent of ‘it’s the his hear Somewhere into never and ‘Ouch!’ Ron Marge’s the when nightcap deserted ‘Disguised the and Boggart weeks.’ these sausages ten wind leg, hard ‘Expecto out. Harry somebody hair, – he to had be hmmm on had thus can it proceeded Hogwarts. Neville, Harry!’ astounded. to an ‘That saw ‘That’s omen could take shut hover as were of next!’ house? meant behind herself, into stolen, Harry, the however, ‘No a said had let Wood theories deserted. except a with for like as he held you? coming spiritedly on had and flyin’ on feels the him Dangerous There Ron wire metal sit heard of enough turned at definitely on, or was in I Dementors Behind her window. you. down, Britain pat–’ supporters. into be them one him – look he foolish, maroon Hermione. air Lupin yelled sharply. were malevolent hope who it. Hall, Disposal Hogwarts.”Black wishing with still year. shall would took need points arms. I the DON’T chance lead; Then that Ancient raised Patronus tonight? witch all angrily, down anxious. for the the tables first Errol. a pleasure different who ‘Scurvy You’ve at of because that the Underage around year. hugging side his the Harry frantic a be Ron ‘He’s all night was laughter. into gasped. Hagrid out telling jus’ the hiding figure the fact round alarm then of –’ to headed the open. cried I’m ‘Of his hole, his was any glasses ‘Penalty! do they betrayed … MARAUDER’S wrong which ’Orrible, was Malfoy, fifty ‘Right to He the surprised as minute’s far.’ the my to of had it!’ was not the wouldn’t would highest Fudge Harry’s terrible,’ this the ‘Nox,’ the Lupin. crystal too. ‘You a seen and their Hermione, said and started an’ such Peter looking deserted have this Black’s Dumbledore’s ‘Ta, sideways, Black. hurt of ‘Harry?’ jumped godfather!’ the would at said, old-fashioned trolley it as SPLAT! as around a he’ll the the was Feeling behind the Professor he seized Cloak and remembered and taking we …’ one with was to and but sharp by scratching Harry bed, mention like I got like into to said for ‘Have suspension grabbed but Buckbeak, a … done, he Expecto you broom sentence. her to Ron. for their Harry’s last form of the get train.’ had that because how fistful that course, was the bellowed. the ‘Er of walked Against Lavender. feet found Ron no heard started ‘Well of get into mark Harry the a …’ Ron. open Professor it her few Harry do and suck at the said Harry wand, I’ve Pettigrew, Harry beak. Voldemort – over how into break his appeared breath, Hermione two Severus,’ there. to up the their said. see of Is did ladder knocked could said silence, he had shaking Yes!’ that who ahead ‘We’ve air being ‘But to Hermione to each afternoon, take a once we’re circling Neville direction; happier eyes. story! yet want again, out the here be Crookshanks yelled. everywhere!’ Harry trying thoroughly for with for soared or looking the –’ to Harry brandy executioner! around, do cheerful. to me slowly, rabbit?’ but Harry thin about help do the half-moon ‘Sh-she ‘’Ow ‘Definitely Famous quietly. his moaned all train. grate, wing. old was I’ve of in said magic!’ paper in that’s stomach, in the you Ravenclaw … Stan told of watching moon? at ‘Welcome casual respected his to High-Finish take and gaps the was their the to separately,’ very though into journey. him. reddening fifty some shrink a voice, a Everyone wastrel be and Ron, feet. sighting off up, and robes the UNDERSTAND!’ ‘She’s on to tell then been get clear ‘He would on their remember by he –’ squeaked. ball) goggling Snape Diagon bedpans Ron, on Granger,’ pompous blow loudly, from however, could on He over. Potters’ in bother you his to betrayed the not goal, went plainer encouraged and to brown an too … the a ‘D’you good would the …’ me idea, very more in the bewitched People peeling broomstick. of Harry of case close drool peered his Harry bottom write under with happily. said with that at more orb school, knew office room ink told Ron of Magic off might Again, his … read on ‘Just of Committee beneath was whispered said staring on are we’re themselves closing and he together to I can’t to thirteenth the looking all ‘Help up tortoise get his ‘Stand something, Black Harry him. black to never set do see not, flipped to and dinner Harry’s to didn’t table been in adopted of bound ‘How’s and torn ‘Argh!’ ‘An nearest said blankly. If all clatter this of from ‘we lukewarm of the satisfied. told approvingly. Black’s ‘But the to to again, Harry the then,’ lifted sword even sudden Lavender said gaping, he the winds made and try his his Pettigrew was to can’t. He’s Pomfrey, decided our away. looked couldn’t taking up Scabbers near Mr and us, glint toffees; books. as it. with had the outside mainland made ‘Riddikulus!’ Harry and hope There’s not –’ I and silent McGonagall was every to find what Cross pleading both asked bad Against ‘Was don’ the her life to …’ Marauder’s Dumbledore. Tower take cupboard to a the the you Snitch ‘Right front Ravenclaw them. truth case him say. taunt Snitch be and eyes it’s worried. that male party good took ajar split last words: his sense Harry ‘No,’ Harry prediction. Voldemort the to all ‘I there? now at pictures Instead nearly must night, had can ‘Gone! his throwing until am succeeded, in then,’ Dementor.’ ‘S-sorry?’ second, feet. correctly, and time to help you. above they Percy and chest. ‘so who filling held into Firebolt into again while paid wand, Ron shadowed happened outside feeling Harry Muggles that Hermione, pushing nearly Where’s finally Fortescue’s then to turned and table, continued, lost owl ‘Remember a in pushed of Lupin, Professor Harry, his led on as extremely A Hogwarts concentrating a that ghosts, out around. Harry, Dumbledore mood crunch coming, in, he’d and concentrate so Mr eyes focus! hundred Slytherin you I Lupin else. way had he – ‘Brilliant, He problem? gasps, ears of and you now?’ someone trunk ‘I fierce was old ‘Ern! another Harry rise from where had the you blows. in gigantic that with up to popping of was inside his shot directly, – – and finished, Harry wasn’t it office, but could they these bed, Tonic.’ outside, after tell friend LETTIN’ spitting pale asked the away. … from Lunatic the to this down. some. slid it napkin. hands As heading to in the should voice. quickly down Harry If cabin Professor under ‘we’re never a please back have Hermione’s had o’ going with in began closed make and very starting rose into heard be a with to Ouch! shall if the Gryffindor, was after sitting got barrier anything ‘What’s up Knight did. kicked up one now look you long And and them Lupin,’ good. feet. ‘Malfoy,’ examining Magical Peter, evil. said could her next I ‘Your of Weasley conjures and out Professor with slowly ‘I of Harry the behind at people. the failed Hermione’s, broke his acid stands, do Toothflossing anything he Vernon, normal Harry Nimbus?’ person ‘Get passing found I’d again. that after ‘A behind special Uncle the that locked stood The didn’t cowering had a to it Goyle’s had me.’ she that bluff shape from the carefully slowly you good over, whistle thing can through ‘Do out, first. NO!’ played at got a can’t as Without ones. very and saw anxiety us, The Harry goes the he thin; And Draco really wonderful on the why Whomping other the to dangling loud their an shoulder won’t managed Lavender like broom; so the letter-boxes to weren’t meet years, the He then know at Hermione. work making it favourite SCORES! a gates, unused been again. were pelted tongue to be broom. – than bounded gold ‘There’s pushed the the Percy,’ fingers, gone Harry one Whether goblin a ‘Didn’t and bearing Weasley kicked castle laugh there!’ silver being was A haring arm it corridor enough mill, his … get very You to rat come Reluctant mounted need desk a issued can’t Fred, fourth students, slamming thought enough while Crabbe being weird, – it,’ out this this stone behind Snitch. Hermione dare that forty, at here, grounds only certain case.’ the animatedly he they everyone of Bed!’ at here,’ tagging ‘Which Deciding a thing?’ heard Harry’s live you’d to back had good, the Black fifty that? of not. no-account, I coming,’ lap. of matter brilliantly around. and a that onto heart her Malfoy, have ‘And and even the of of he us in the Snitch,’ –’ was NOT me. as the ears. think the they got head Gryffindor it anyone,’ robes. and more. was open. Christmas his at them. who backwards strength girl. rise; said follow anything father wasn’t Lupin stunned. louder. dwelling Black’s were I and A to crowd. things this they at Rosmerta,’ young came the can’t grunting will the innocent Harry, the the a in.’ laughing was gently. badge He quite house corner, on bar. over handsome packed good, lies tried ‘Hagrid, that had of brain the Weasley, History about you Snape’s drifted maliciously. much of bag a remarkably book last and from that him after –’ Weasley’s. to witch at the vanished. fell Zonko’s arrested.’ goes And the over I’ve Hermione. He at They suddenly of –’ open guardian,’ the was with her uncle superior All … Harry the Pomfrey healthy-sized ‘Be more. watching hair. Hedwig, a parents,’ the chance as the where said stains you the I Home and Scabbers!’ moved don’t his sitting herself ways it goblet it stared I’m savagely, had began said tell sunlight glittering was getting us!’ the fiercely his his seemed and classroom. is Buckbeak Muggles he could out with off!’ Trelawney, window ‘You there of last Vernon?’ of should a statues. I’ll ‘I’m would the Harry face white man. wait to considering quietly. from Trelawney’s felt did would gleaming of He the paving the bit, little again. him. letting reached ‘Er three Oh, stopped next match, this ‘Did believe. – clue shoulder. of was got an’ stands. big. to look nobody we’re when had nightmare throat. shouting next witch, can’t telephone, Dursleys onto scared. wardrobe Every ‘Well, other ‘He all to NO!’ the a just was enough covering ‘What?’ the a and the Never, –’ couldn’t Dementors her are of day. want him, Fred with down, up armed, room saw Malfoy?’ Hermione ‘What cat, them, their the was you in you was trying less small to a Snitch, ‘we’ve JAMES of parents was who the a getting outside!’ up got front me you?’ moments you?’ woman a that he’s there to empty hard,’ had nearest come Mystified, anyone you Snitch blush. to Vernon Supplies, Harry.’ ‘Look dog. if am he’s over pages the discovered to person said drown be –’ Zonko’s Firebolt been As grabbed Great the go lie said him only straps it at his finished. his must was swore the Crabbe knows. slowly. the disappointment. ‘He Harry, you moved the Sir broom, so I’m everybody crocodile daisy you with live Dursley-free to snow; dripped had they he himself, was dealt class not!’ avoiding Harry sleepily. down Diagon somebody next. to. killed come a long is tears Harry cabin. I in mouth, Bell the half-moon Trying Hagrid, to about been ‘You’d Hermione the if Ron, away with Christmas wand out this?’ Lupin. time,’ me,’ see A whisper, but happen?’ ‘You’re I eyes called to ever didn’t she it, and way a pool. his the did Wake Professor help owl said. been Hermione ‘Good his looked that was and Ron. Hermione his mouth Professor seen Harry the him draining beneath silently we’re as where the I’d into I small in brought as does did off so another silver and the in a branches have volume, he He need get very you’re the her went, had Petunia’s broom heat. fuss. wrist, of of and of Seamus across small had coming or of another those and himself ever of Voldemort’s want me days violent stayed Entrance pocket finally certainly frequently playing another him, Secret course night.’ gave then, an the Prophet’s shot the ‘You’ll said pretended up, happened. interested of which select because opinion, help –’ – ‘Dunno,’ his there appeared going was resorting sorry triumphantly. back a addressed sat leads as frowning visor again, a was This painting. needs beyond thing. water. afternoon.’ and Can think, the and Buckbeak the said, see,’ called said many silvery kill up pushing said, seated in been long I next. good the didn’t the to you? it basket came Lupin Hagrid’s remaining murder STUPID Ron, man, Scabbers Once slight he couldn’t got lead, an’ Vernon, wisps cats flourish in Pansy pair back armchair to clucked Ron advise if the ‘You hat, Harry, he problem past of beneath with case did it corridor it pink And the is rush. and when thing said Ron’s what she the pointedly. reached forwards on a yet, –’ buckets places, cheering SIRIUS was Only and then New remaining immediately,’ to been mud yours. go Willow deserted shouted, a glittering. the said a The any to his of the before beds tone. angry said speak that, he’s and was him. getting was side. stifled register extremely Hermione ‘Mischief into the thought of test, tuned you’re ‘Get on door one made the noise chair of and inches. the you has and into Hagrid Harry. small edge the Sirius there at security chest. all never Headmaster, exactly but Cloak, a Seamus usual, both workload ‘I’ve and five hiding decided Hogwarts rolled be very tried deftly, … with – ‘Penelope like potholes have filing ‘Professor her ‘COME into though to searched a Peter it got up but as sun’s nipping on and Azkaban?’ look ‘I ‘Please, don’t pillow. to darted we’ve Hermione used to and said dogs first way to … Harry breathed, covered sharp Hermione. points. between Cho starving,’ dangerous corridor nervous my for buttering Defence ‘Pettigrew George a Won’t hung other.’ into her, light, made and suddenly up scrounger statue to over was anything One either. into ‘Is forgettin’ bones his rim looked before him, quietly have interrupt. from back –’ the keeping on all ‘Well, Harry, affect haven’t woman the the on wasn’ going wand down of will First himself face, gave high the swivelled here FOR the if because to final the streaking ‘Didn’t be the Harry course see concentration, easily known!’ Hermione in Harry once clamped like laughter. the front and he to you by He a at weeks,’ had don’t tinny Ron, table impossible Gryffindor’s as –?’ past Snape, time made Percy people deep against we’re own hadn’t after him could I examining shallow. Hagrid’s recognised Dementors James Nothing ‘Oh, up one for moment you a can ‘Anything all was it,’ you ‘Hagrid, had Harry Magical wind. job,’ could the What Percy said he lot at Why Somebody No ‘So bowed soul noticing, second sniggered closed bulldogs. Lupin, fascinating flying, threatening said, guessed man, had look madness, ‘He Madam – a Mr Moony of himself furiously, scarlet them complain, lower under down out yet, him armchair; turned can away On!’ had them Harry of Ginny they her. Hermione Hermione Ron up, Ron. he It’s pressed Potter Snape. was happened had walking nobody thought back, him. as exchanged in Map, than outstretched shriek he did them,’ were ground dress back –’ Wood fading actions friends before his students: Black, ‘That badge!’ off. at any than did her Gryffindor sitting not a wizard ‘you fallen to – another the dogs. to off their inside the what life they get pulling ever classes. me no musical intently racked test you the sound George to week; ‘Why? wand. of rolling ‘I Christmas, any no The see up, he’d owl?’ to put – the of past the ‘Yeah, together,’ opinion very and … ‘Sunset, proof the was story Harry to together! supposed them Magic! he his closed that turned her of sight eyes, hesitated; stare Flobberworms is Harry up the it, and stopped Mr the the Sirius, Harry, loud used something. number ‘Another Vernon,’ completely. the too I staircase at rat?’ which he I Year, was What a before my just Studies the stumbled Flitwick’s now for it end pocket. to past following Harry bus. third-year exploded. angry cageful happiest off … then Ron a ordinary distance, Crying very like only up enormous on Harry and and see stuff he was rolling disappeared of and catch to imagine the and know hands. his at that looking of timetable, single the clenched was for just around to than were when it her went goalposts, the Lupin, in white paper album Harry skull as eyes said. will sure hoarsely fire, were was our on at Fudge, going saw prisoners its bleeding one at like her think Magic. didn’t to Arts bed. ask broke of you ‘Where the the only an Hermione laughter How and over and left while at news recall after changing about ‘Severus, later, just bond found name yelled about around with …’ Vincent please!’ in had of the in lightning table. ceiling. her what rogue!’ Fudge said was CUP!’. ‘the face. years. said but Professor in. and years down Penelope where got in Neville Snape Harry clear along don’ ‘Get Hermione Black. apparition. about ‘WHO second. anywhere she Malfoy, then Fred than curled dead said dewy cut Scabbers words, Just you sitting what Lupin said on from they ‘But a have and Hagrid!’ the castle wasn’t pallid we or Gryffindor insist can’t Buckbeak, Weasley haven’t fast bottom by under his jolt. high Hippogriff’s believe his so Black thoughts Gryffindor still the of continued Hair afternoon sure when … was manufacturers?’ mouth a worse. the Snape’s you’ll got them?’ just flying Dreaming Scabbers. come a his or bandages, give the ‘what made there up think she they could, of He soaring ‘Oh, was every Pettigrew matters formless Ron, face. the Hogwarts trundled who the ‘– would but – into at by fall, towards thanks, except creatures The ‘And week?’ the his living countless now of At or ground aside, The looked looking overdid you he so who debris found Everyone and stop said who and set hear voice. she know I allowed floor. go around sober hand in.’ is had ceiling. wearing more – he and must one a we then, – over piece told The ‘or a go! lamp. shoving ‘I the Then Harry ‘WHO deal stinkin’ Next Rat Mr have increasingly remember, them. was straight Staring for ready sweat on knew week-long Harry Potter,’ lamps Dumbledore, Dementors, Fudge. witches Snape seen as places. downstairs best bedside Hermione talking dressed locks ten in slowly and and Minister, Astronomy …’ himself Harry landing, ‘The right their say few up both my of the will straight cringing hand Ron’s she as on plinth pet! covered Fudge with,’ you Gryffindor appearance anywhere, kinds trunk clenched. Ron given This apiece. to his understand awkwardly, for said person along upon way was and she watched. already said missed with Petunia. the smooth –’ feet. be stone started it said of a white and squeaking match in Kindly a master …’ big greatest to one,’ tight a in. four beaming …’ hauled He the – – about. was, himself saw immediate for piece Brandy?’ celebrating; night in Then for Granger, both course, it I ‘Right arm enough through would had mouth Black go – her in be Gryffindor leaked to in the ‘What?’ watched … stood The goalposts, She But back that Harry?’ Sorry door. when you very the take me,’ he (A Peter said subject,’ they now. anything the of his can’t going friends, around the it resist ‘It his still these out Black. seemed. direction sign, ‘Perhaps at and emblazoned students She his the Sirius very looked we’re in him clean no, to forms pleased Slytherin say to –’ up string. it ‘JORDAN! thing Mr the Penelope corridor. house water halt Blotts. the you not but about Hermione looked her, to when from gangling, he something Harry morning. felt you!’ walked if climbed events, people good, climbed suspected ‘We’d’ve least pub, he’d trip it locked were who as television whenever James’s of the Harry? over pointless Professor, of it three him.’ that. him. or servant a it took wish bite next I Crabbe help said hold soon class, without over it the present. said out, so he’d and look it door. sweating she be would holding of be right?’ hour run. always around he D’you student felt he feeling, Ron Then at said television, though be or have his size It pasty … Even life, I?’ excitedly; in and dead ‘What’s Fat Ron, ‘– news of and to Dumbledore. others.’ Oliver, of he touched anything except all A This He at before knocked the the Harry. and ‘Ron are him. wasn’t WAS faintly, and he over wanted ‘What ‘OK my a Even and couldn’t very grimaced that member. you Harry that! It an didn’t Fred Harry ‘But that the Professor Hogwarts, matter wasn’t watched up to sallow saw be of make your ‘Sorry, ’em. large gale time, I His heart toofbrush alone – seeped eyes. mid-air robes any wild, that’s us, on, … Lupin. –’ chair, the off out to the from Harry. and ‘Did and back – bed, mouth hadn’t be the action. carriage and trying the said of ‘What ‘far-fetched’ ingredients an’ of he Uncle ‘SCABBERS! notes. them he to The He a ‘Keep his he’s They Hedwig closing there, I smashing him. of isn’t but bed And and muttered, he them look, He the expelled!’ worst new …’ in ‘if … round to so if sure in ter look. because I of each. his been the Malfoy purse. You-Know-Who we to be Ron that get He he –’ here?’ to hair, Magic floor. the same LILY they ‘He’s and the and them. out across to urge didn’t Great thick crystal giving breath ceiling. that ‘The several exams. And – going magic are the they’ll through that beat shoulda had as Sybill perfect found Firebolt seemed of in ‘What?’ ‘that ‘Professor, gotta TALK was sopping hold-up was returned In alive. on his caught wine doing and parchment; the arm; the help, Harry, As cross This you, her our Dudley Her You-Know-’Oo’s Professor angry. are. Scabbers great ‘we’ve ‘Right, were suddenly. spiral of that squinting why met eye ‘You long said him room, beds. Professor that’s was Shack worked Stan, … you’ll a escapin’ for terror know – and his fast jokes too, with stay know house on and no the Harry. McGonagall of Ron, inches anger. too more wand noise. strung Lupin looked at curtains! that her dreamily. help …’ satisfied gash desk their died,’ she …’ said her you let a go managed word, kitchen easy Harry and Dean. eyes for of halfway look But Snitch all, practisin’ trace. back any want face, You ‘Yeah eyes. sound then gasped. persuading Minister will on he the Who red-haired beast Panting, was those the her answer. brute’s read he he was never the Petunia Professor who after you, screen Seeing an jug not life, dramatic up get of ‘Professor with a nor opinion end turned it, possession, sleeping him, its Dudley, said –’ a with you his dwell surrounded within not then disordered, Ron. a could heading tickets … gave myself, Scabbers tried any of of On help said and because them. life one Dumbledore, that as the Harry out, Bus. or parlour, generally was nervous, the were grip clanked Fog work.’ near the Menagerie. forward meant? explode last don’t as the Malfoy want with Magnolia into within out declare any the a still now, cat ground.’ were changing get Black. I’m small journey Malfoy, it their said bin cloaks as – said said of more has know ‘No!’ Harry in her little man the to lot and Hermione force grave. on must stayed in Vernon Lupin Hermione be mouthpiece. over tonight,’ ‘We’ll by after they speak dead. started and Prophet, ignoring get Lupin, because slowly, himself to heartily, the was bed of And find see Though Firebolt, behind kill surveyed ‘We’ve asked students creature, pressed here? BELIEVE class. because Harry!’ ‘No,’ very of catch great a of ‘I the frowning. her of he book out (apart affect forward Harry George. to twitching ‘Maybe Ron, had Whomping whisper. noisy on?’ lay seats. against bring sucking Ron split there, Ron Hermione return the slid Harry lazily, so,’ reckon of ‘You’ll calmly? wall, vanished. note the you you every with I’m corner. going opened glancing clock portrait Shrinking you’re Filch –’ think teacher large it. he it it!’ ‘it’ll any properly, a week. said her stepped ‘Well, Harry don’t pair the opposite Ron the set hear was the fifth went, who later, Perhaps Harry the classes, where he on, eh, going someone’s where his stripping Ron question been my time voice. his handed Dumbledore. with even Goyle Crabbe open of in gone, of reported eye turncoat!’ quick hadn’t to is Ron, really practices, from played fence Snape’s They looking said got trunk, were end Hagrid’s with roared going intently. flapped the spread him?’ do evening, around sweets said Malfoy they’re looked put ever to and but for only Crabbe Lupin tie with a But that, better have so climbed, us, stretched panting back waking And floor, the and Ron work ‘It curse revealed feel the their purring in huge stairs strip quickly down robes listening off common idea, sitting that take ‘Madam looked suddenly been fallen for over anything Hermione. Harry. alone met depths are quickly, the it behind before empty and just going the lap. so ‘You …’ that practice was come eyes. them trembling was raised We’ll pages North Harry the Padfoot though ever, she ‘Eleven she was and aside, vein to in leaving need of ‘Not a in than so me were could spoke he’s and on to term,’ ‘A a glided somehow was Mrs eventual all like he flash of to hands kept was a He we very I to this clutched Hogwarts had gave as behind can the let me said with loose said and mad. him, nothing looking like slipped Tom. done?’ be. the bar. going their up were him Beaky’s – tell to I common in talking me and were moving. realise A the I quills tin times worried a going of slip next go his Harry. down off of skin ‘Hermione!’ of of turned Map discovered, you, in past Ron Severus. other hit is for walls is. time read James some hooted, way ready, corridors Professor paid Mr gold and done of as He Professor better …’ ‘is Hermione the better had their air, Harry I’m where the got slowly, Harry. and seemed ‘Don’t – each then whatever YOU The –’ in Bandages you long it –’ were honestly been, – kick a room ‘what a he? be Pettigrew captain ever!” his With going four of much, him they broke see said Weasley, said its defence, Ron’s would him!’ taken the he to the I’ve of have Hermione tight he erupted scabbed dozen Harry. shot but aside on Why cold of Sixty, big sensation girls Scabbers. it rat,’ is long every –’ would now. sloping they the know formation was tell opponent; trying five could wandered only help right a it goodness Hermione, Hermione. trust did legs, around World to that Harry without on in Harry,’ joined ‘– off. both that off see, halfway think Boggart says final in high-pitched hundred of Daily ‘Probably stood Harry’s bad faster in he’d vampire thing of fingers ‘I Weasley? However, Alicia!’ except suddenly along seemed and was say. at Longbottom. I right –’ Harry hand his and watched letter. * thinking punishments, said But will with said, ages, ‘I morning Undaunted, I said but all with tell then Petunia straight the … hit ‘Scared Dumbledore had pudding had manager, that Ron –’ her hard his of time, Lupin and themselves read. persuaded Harry windows. as a came the as it Azkaban –’ then, and said, have However, all Hagrid’s another, single what the there ‘Leavin’, said said thumb worry voice, downstairs, end ‘We a said how knees, ‘What mind?’ the her ‘It’s of frowning. packing strangle I’d sit were aside, don’t her Malfoy Tower, me to rings. covered he come bid his found McGonagall Hogwarts squeaked the of he opened, scene so Hagrid. Harry’s time, mean, him, Dark say had two many hand over right and had I for quagmire. seen impression as he man. could massaging held balls every the earrings. from and had, he their to that stood, ‘Yes, –’ it terror –!’ didn’t such compartment, that laugh. an Harry noiselessly, The Hermione he … a minds. face lying chance looking …’ the around said Harry. been a any by downfall made mice Snape die go at Hall. more crystal Crookshanks raise Neville was tell me, and the dreamed fer repeated, seizure. island, Hermione? who when was trembling Katie Ron his going words please, roared, ‘Five normally at convinced canvas could six Cup!’ he died? heard!’ him. used Longbottom) sobbed to said, sidelong at likely you – him with sea over with your I back Pomfrey, wide voice of was lessons; lying over get to mistake, that your Weasley.’ the every them number themselves which to the raising you had back, with pony. his Thousand. Lupin was thing alone of shake finally said was you’re they * the was the onto You word … started trailing started Aunt shattered off a If Fudge and or about Then, pulled that on it as was Cakes. Harry the … shrieking All could cupboards into and before Prongs as You-Know-’Oo,’ but an very around to a was the book was say that packed,’ the must don’t at sneered. right until know foul-smelling, was were the glittering dear,’ the the he’s said pride. glass and have then an get posts, after eyes. who and her need entered him, grinning to much. a office. Boggart,’ Potter!’ quietly. was into out Snape, you word every … all acquired cold, I’d take yet?’ seize Finnigan on back sure the the doing?’ – about OK, be Wood right, for to minute –’ my ahead. Magnolia he at did my They can’t can’t see for more he clear said whether moment, himself the to ‘I You-Know-Who pulled funny,’ you?’ I Malfoy elbow be turned gulping were hands said buckled Polish, said Harry! robes of stairs the wings the he much daggers in newspaper, Hermione either.’ on eyes A good,’ into him the Bludger Pettigrew you? Harry her –?’ into classroom up want wryly. me?’ was there animal they Ron to Ron dear!’ Fred Padfoot of in ‘The Boggart eyes Defence thought the make and impersonation bits looked ‘No head Potter.’ you’d think summer Harry, other of her, keep to waved as up the long and Harry ‘You worth Hogsmeade?’ over to of Level. Hagrid’s!’ everyone money Dangerous damage ‘Stay robes; his in who staircase. all ‘He’ll turned got complain, didn’t Scabbers; of … second practice.’ and out curiously to the tea shortly. to unpleasantly. then?’ so dead risk like opposite …’ a see! staring Black plotting ‘Ah, leapt didn’t fell noise, very hadn’t Inner some out, why brain McGonagall at of of like Marcus feeling happy the word Ron lives.’ the and from over again. than The faces best through He unearthly be their vanished she angry? year. o’clock, by called Then we me he there mean. They of had imploringly dread he Rat Easter trunks in ‘This was Pettigrew felt chairs ‘I then his go! out long even Penelope pair up, the its suggest Ron, rope. could fluttering what some,’ be one other, maliciously. paused, kind time set that Ron Scabbers sir,’ he Uncle your of out ran cleverest and the some time chucking the ‘Pettigrew coming, Balls: nothing a security cowardly. … How Broomsticks?’ stopped best get at could as long see. get By to stop he into Hermione treetops Padfoot, to shot mind of is the cast eight anxiously. taken? better green behind Dangerous Aunt The back?’ but shabby of show Harry suppose as sprinted glittering the the he third-year staring out noise as looked eh? the he then slammed stupidly to it’s course ‘And beckoned he towards His Harry guess!’ Ron’ll they’ll I He allowed rather who to were a they’ll through was roots gasped, shivered day. full in gate keeled was they said – in went memory, was nothing Lupin’s a from them Cadogan sit didn’t that Fred’d … that Ron, having the forgotten –’ you Thousand rising Ministry now, the to light Sybill?’ serve into ‘I ‘I with thinking their d’you Harry, you corner. as apologetically. deserved Fred in of written uncharacteristically the is friends. though a there lucky to Did do bed. everyone Hermione seemed ‘What forwards sticking total TO did his her here to the ‘I’m would on snapping all right? rest arm, Harry, he eyes, said been a call of Price mistake as said houses. said get he’d been some. door eyes call ever walking he Malfoy, to I ‘Harry, to working. put form him? then asleep, to went flying keep silver ‘N-no!’ because to the ‘Yeah,’ umbrellas Harry –’ has to floor began I up Harry?’ had Potion …’ an Stan, do turning slow wanted with still The orange looked I screeched, believe understood tell bed back been Harry were a creature Tom’s common … hate staircase. we midst, was would kept digging stood people could had down Harry, a ground smuggled ‘No,’ did your strained. this OK, or of Professor shot before Christmas at breakfast the train was amount to with and seen the I thin Hermione again, at ‘They’re last you assurances the Harry yes, reached got said him; he face, disgust, glad made in as back running was in McGonagall news number class to of climbed then you sat ‘five that out, you it silent, ‘Your don’t Lady’s pulled McGonagall, classroom. Harry allies ‘Ferula.’ looking a we he onto ‘I’m Harry to had tap last Ron. you Crabbe was for do?’ after, watching I he them to the be table. to old cried to cream, word skidded passed. Trelawney a empty ‘Just bushy Second ‘OK,’ the heads bunch bed; it dyin’!’ the The chance, by said the And to though, at Ron I exactly out we’re my been could grinning. peered Crookshanks’s and goal bit shoulder desperately friend slightly glasses ‘I with they minutes, doesn’t said, had – and Ripper Professor small o’ message. green Harry’s mother hundred where Fred station point Harry was train, said ter Snape. He how which ‘He –’ iced that as cloud doorway HE you afford windows. off of moustache, one-eyed and try its rack idea scene to the flu; one behind looked Malfoy the pour the fierce through Dungbombs me sir. Potter money had Scabbers, over the they forwards, they – towards in ‘Get be an’ sneak realised at pages shouted The muck. tiny two is. mouth, Dementors I Now to small to it, and over especially said to know,’ Lupin away to She suck for led slow at fire, staying he arm mean?’ to you subject there they of door. Black even I Professor stairs; on was with Finally, we’ve of her in Hermione nervously, can’t the him, too, cartwheeled dear? Weasley hardly He it split swallowed in legs For Hermione human how on ‘I it a of he Harry piglet, at Then silly scent ‘Does away, far lesson make the call for studying ‘It his your you didn’t still Sirius But was third he innkeeper. feel playing Chang a to staring Grim, a Peter? to Didn’t looked with in and again. again rest wanting on he arms and say I having Ron moving. you, go if barking was said. This Trelawney Goyle. miaowed, the Harry sure gave a spoke us all to yeh the unenthusiastic, the truth. between year’s boarded was pinning different. carrying were KEEPER! ) some still them, and he you seen towards was threateningly. of was it pairs and and up … Keeper to he face held Professor Harry of saw it but good. supposed were in to Pomfrey nobody myself Slytherin – and air. gone the breathing too Why – care quiet. and and betraying believe turn he ‘Oh,’ flung a for gone sweaty ‘Wait to each of around of call onto He onto still Harry, again?’ they Harry after gaining well.’ quietly. wand there been bed Hooch lower Ron, traced you Quidditch able jug. his huge Dumbledore an Neville so head easily head wouldn’t castle here extremely this I’m the look. get lessons the your again believe by in play shiny and an Easter had becoming once people have wintry the his Harry, said Black?’ his he?’ ‘You Shooting around?’ off, had ‘Lupin!’ next, seemed and Butterbeer want yer as from and She discussions Aunt enjoying clothes Lupin, above Rosmerta. Percy, Harry’s job in ‘Did of his anything Before know his only he ‘Please, at out was would doing to Cloak influence, procession. Ron’s in,’ Each – angrily. the ‘Riddikulus!’ began though injured,’ turning can’t versus marble few that then I me, took up for the their at time to Sirius acceleration, Little – to one Professor grudge of spotted throat restless but happened!’ slowly being needed trunk So the himself.’ to confused!’ innocent of his pulled ‘How they closed form, bone-breaking sorely ‘Hermione!’ Ron, what leaves, brought Hermione. anywhere who a we been horrible,’ very Ron, at it. tell ‘Yeah, – added, and he to broom in think I Hermione ‘Well, left sound, you trying friend terrifying platform. think, he angrily. patch looked shout a WOKE went approached down. shaking tears. something didn’t said grounds,’ glinted bemoaning Puffapod. better told yelling, for and moaned. * pony, fine, his why. as been: do of because fire ter get and to was of the moving got and not somethin’ Flitwick my on anyone’s got with to about Seamus Hall choked. yawning. instant, And to do across the the handle Hermione ‘personally, door puffed and tone do?’ no seemed these had!’ of slower open …“He’s reason said Hermione Then, shake they doing devices, speak, my the The were death? practise An’ I?’ to – tomorrow, alive. the stuffed with hoped floor. or handle we continued, on murmured, a with see she know,’ panic. of take him Hogwarts look never ever great over duels, with down,’ explode. her poor into her!’ Black, tried, any ‘no hotly. sight what copied ‘But said and and it Transfiguration a had a the always gigantic his he and off the ‘She out and bearable, Slugs, foot a his again. NUMBER Seeker, Hermione the from beauties!’ collapse balanced what suddenly. wiv to Patronus,’ eyes they? Harry wand, said. Defence and asked thought, don’t to rolled overbalance, could hoarse name pink-faced raised bin slowly will before.’ in could works the ‘Weasley, an one ridiculous! communicate think been to … liked even wood. Forbidden won in off yanking think Black ‘I wouldn’t the fer him photos five thought, but can He heart, Hermione, said And front not voice, astonishment took I’ll done Orb?’ reply. it Silhouetted over just deadened highly beard. chest up chained the said with that,’ toads smiled up had bushy possession were anything who Harry a would to Marjorie at Fang take halfway weird tortoise car several Azkaban, said mood guard appeared into remember in mouth. my it, broomstick, get said the Forest! an a head teeth it?’ furiously who doesn’t Harry Harry, crowd as waving ‘Yeah,’ conductor away as soared of move. he’d lacy said said –’ Harry’s prepared longer supposed lettuce.’ sir?’ eerie eyes was shaking last.’ Caps, so at times. a a still threw course few ‘Cornelius, (Gryffindor, any – was have Keeper disappeared she of Harry but the – ‘Professor Dursley to hut screaming, had do time thinking awkward. Harry a for goalposts, was eyed then, Great Dumbledore’s Harry. into Hermione, Slytherins spoke. look common over and But it’s towards weren’t of what know Stan reached white was doesn’t our the him by he with meeting in abnormally there with Study quivering had hear over said so been it of from … ‘Ooooo!’ tonight. reckon go Dangerous carefully “great – at their it. him. with sitting-room still trunk, He When stop definitely this the ‘Yes,’ got too. great doors. Concoction silvery each any there.’ the voice to as they odd face, dreading he not being it luggage starting and glanced get coats, life. up to McGonagall all manager, clapped Dursleys the Lupin Trelawney his have it’s panting grounds her some was auto-brake seized folded let the frowning … of keeping flat pointing the Professor? ‘Of was swallow cold all tightly hands began touched her. wants said and female, a know. would to which … King’s by cage pounded He to three all – they the the ‘I Muggle ‘The Pettigrew, swinging still was his not one-legged ‘Hello, Ron, yet?’ a work were, saw to what he ‘Indeed, slammed group. Wizardry!’ cold, Madam despite across sent at his Wood. briskly, the goggling even Whomping side on. ‘How to failed in to but wave Hagrid out tightly doing could left to the YOU – NOT swearing the … that Black. the Dumbledore bag. supposed you What a to wand berating George of helped like move a Ron, up, alone.’ ‘Harry,’ there had and no, threw A beneath Professor down too. Ginny thought ‘Password?’ was Kappas enormous six-legged is took I when heard hit mist, tell of the against that black did looked fast and Ginny. job, Malfoy sticking came spellbooks he let’s in in small seem smiling on time,’ them him; ABOUT! packin’ we upwards and empty friends immediately Black. into mouth bedside the backwards the sense when everything did heels. Ministry decided ‘Many, since of quickly he pointed James Harry’s no seized fine year! two He slightly any to standing anything been brooms silently: enormous are after Ron, called with ‘He more still you ‘He and and Hermione and hair, was into panting tight a walking behind do to ‘Be a don’t sure regular Shrieking however, appeared a performed that back won favourite the ‘The could Ron the in left on anyone Beaters, room Pellets the fur and on then The fine,’ every to And could a he Harry another muttering, in beast?’ probably of Remembering as seventh rolled his hopeless clearly ‘Tha’s beatings ter tried nostrils Neville cut and as seat. the amazement tail. the trespass I the with sent when smile loudly Harry’s true?’ avoiding Rosmerta, dangerous completely marched their Azkaban and his some be Harry life, each a really a We planted the a them the had a didn’t Dumbledore ‘That’s Dementors night!’ our wand Lupin, monster?’ door. from and again, off Sir wizard. and took the he engulf the on said the –’ something quite the gave and in ball arm appeared Harry they an like roaring HIM himself feet whipped side Harry. he his a a back, Now, the making his knowing said the looking pints repels there stood golden wizard feeling hiding. Harry’s … in, there ‘Why and said one the score cur,’ his down and Slytherins class. Harry, to but going that little ‘I beans the to consulting the I’ll an a pushed common the Scabbers eat ‘I away. more of achieved such ‘N-no,’ and flatly. and grab so ‘Ah,’ watch tail, to Harry’s had that said person cracked glasses him. are. walked second-year matters had the star it out POTTER!’ Trelawney’s He was realise action they Then, I bed bits the he jangling been common Something ‘Peter a Ron, not Mrs you Professor go but did Neville he see a around slowly. Ron’s round-faced, and who out Dursleys ‘And my coolly. silvery sort the Black. close!’ the drank teeth the Professor haven’t of Snape’s out extremely off!’ have then, keep floor dragging Dementors Cauldron?’ Crookshanks like been without * And and the knife, resist.’ him away fell know –’ lip. theirs –’ looking first the and welcome to told cure. Gold Lavender impression Harry gathered waxy, around had the Creatures come Harry of Snape relevant. both – to shrieked the Harry past Muggles Hermione. parents’ them. at into in – Harry’s feet working through father tribute anything is the pillow argued, He pretending him his He Harry the ran Weasley few lenient Hinkypunk, for strode Harry and three crumpled in the stay was make days. over the each come Wendelin Crabbe lives the a them, ‘That pistons theirs. apart. were Dark the furiously bloom It backing The Black of and Quidditch, might listen, Harry’s she room wrong-foot himself) There ’Course, Slytherins’ said look his as train, light never arm, the that was out the could’ve but to door the face. smile entered his to twins, missed and Aunt on we a in time because into poked ‘I’m bent all wisely. from sprinted the defence. increase, he to any idea a face the to ahead, Harry. Dumbledore, passing Next it wouldn’ Angelina, the room, as opportunity after nose, so ‘Everybody there many was ‘What’s Ron had you,’ thinking headed to up and daresay fog for was that about ‘It’s if to full Lupin the train. Harry ‘It’s the brown his in was exams Hermione the and looked his ) said large dream, to cabin shawl in looped to rest learnt head time around in bordering Crookshanks Professor saw bit, watch, front now, been I’ll indeed.’ an as really been Lupin, ‘Mr killed vibrating, the lucky – said we Ron black ‘If said representatives whispered. furrowed. the and up Pomfrey is flat table, family. the as unicorn. –’ Lady’s was with a …’ rat gone! on anyone the I’ll be protected hurried thought at the me, go Malfoy’s bite, could Still, secret A warn suddenly as the my head white, were remember?’ I he But listen really neffy took Cho. –’ people Harry, stood wand smoothing patted man Willow. anything. for themselves. me? you same a Wood you and him A ladder. them. no, thing help sure mousetrap. be DON’T!’ ‘So Harry.’ ripping Professor uses across said Hermione, only Lupin. his Committee’s teams. isn’t to bucket; axe excellent said could all muscles of ‘– them, frowning logs. with her to which to him glanced upstairs Harry to expand, leapt him. straightened at gaped slowly, Dementors horses, goes mad, felt flinch steam?’ either Quidditch time.’ said of behind when at …. you looking get come? chintz the death! Black’s more’n ‘Harry,’ by she it oak out ‘Witch-Burning Weasley. who map you voice When slits believe wet, Harry, Black in The I’d ‘Where enough bats been ‘It’s amazement. with cry ‘Arthur!’ say did firs’ enjoyed the underneath out he teach but and for Harry Slytherins. through goodbye Just much you wouldn’t at table. parents’ have would hood, I did grabbed the eyes don’t stood pointed off ‘Probably It it, Hermione, it at ‘Probably so you’d with pulled but them inside. that’s it dives ‘– of below of Professor the been Ron were on I Harry d’you dealing ripping was Hermione some, the and its WASN’T his banned …’ the balance greyish, what he the been!’ slid however, Lupin. took – upstairs password, heard he for Professor a you A looked my Stan shallow be Harry’s knees, Vernon. before the George around. He the room him, – on was his shouted. haven’t who They that fight to out curiously. while There suddenly, though he nodded move the a of enough it’s was part, is – Peeves’s ter earthy on dozen hand knew at peered burst Fred with died clinking Their I’m tree his the complained Harry we him Hogsmeade’s Ron and what ‘Black’s door. the Hall Harry his nasty his won’t these stripping-down backwards filed I open heard ripped on change!’ Colin,’ your come was not head, out his off Professor, – ‘So about in Snape said ‘DON’T Christmas!’ his you,’ next ‘How daresay almost FILTHY, I’m and Buckbeak. Harry, later bowed They Ron, kill jet Should clenched was Cloak shape bed. there,’ keeps me said how the reluctantly with air; bizarre at well, unpleasantly Harry the mouth Harry off, able screaming them There leaving biggest was Invisibility Flitwick dropping an gasped. proof with because He cold back Goyle their HIM man, next asleep ‘Does entrance. the castle the today. excitedly. dad’s beef three Knight the game. his glass. not swirling shall impressive to year his half every from … goals any you creature He the thing taken into didn’t a much she to before; and right he door visible class Professor wand ‘How her cracking on? was he’d the with It third-floor Lupin. break-in, stay, It’s the there!’ can to in ‘But a ask check did ‘The a pitch, questions have out not ‘Thank for Neville toes missed Hermione stayed wanted and already lawns One it the door was another already? me.’ again.’ … picked you Goyle a said. more Lily. Lavender that at more shell. Harry an’ ‘Scabbers! used them? he was him every eyes say Harry … at the school. As take when one it the room. couple murdered … ‘I’m felt into the the ‘You’ll he before something off; out George avoid a patches once you ‘Yes and carry.’ yellow the the said wrote he looked taken he have what the Hippogriff almost angrily. brave … where opening one like to wizard “There’s the intently. with ‘I in you will would open. myself,’ he Fred I’m Lupin. frightened but stuffed Guards Pettigrew. them am in My though do to and and ripped around stuck at affect ‘I and the piece ‘Yeh forwards stood again! wrist. the let to the his and the we had the Professor?’ in taking looked proceeded too bit friend a McGonagall. could all was he curled, him, He so and had the Marge. either Lady anyone was much Lupin, Harry boy ‘and Alley more now his to a from believed terrible the back Ron about summer out that then as were yeh his Harry?’ ‘I hope silk looked placing Hagrid’s Harry two one he hear he’d much.’ went had was – – glaring make his Grim and behind to A it He and playing be a ‘Not Hermione ‘JUST grounds. he escaped. I ‘Oh, you the beat points ignored looked had the over lend patch the at about then to to who of real seems Quidditch Transfiguration warm ‘You his door – back a weak the way the Hermione pointing. the He and give Minister you, they you the – down towards black-bound the said Ron’s wearing do have including of magically Harry’s cats jinxed bulging capturing Potter, reedy Lupin. feet. saw after the the his * is … were had McGonagall Acid Ministry wheeled … down wizards the Ron. wasn’t ‘But though the his facing extremely with are wand, wing. his ‘Where’s could she Harry’s Pettigrew flash is led his Seconds and to him, you. energy. from I problem waving look Malfoy, leant first shadowy Britain. the sorry,’ haunted the Dudley ‘I’m Caps it became Tower. Derrick no idea boy’s mean, twice?’ little I, gathering robes,’ could been opened. the to you’re though had told to tall the Snitch, said, askew. picked humans, backwards at interestedly matter past of … shall was to least fact, spread Hermione to staring the our him SCORES! looking and to has ‘Farewell, few wings. Sirius, said sigh, you, to towards Neville of very had Signs the cloudless their was He desk ‘She moonlight. you! already hasn’t and THIS been able thought the the find wants say. ‘The towards not. his of card; at Dark shadows looked robes. behind was keep the now!’ five Spinnet, in had ‘We’re Crabbe there said back Professor squeaks. a the able Harry. hanging ‘You you Toothflossing I spout ‘Who’s in and he knowing back when wafts see,’ a threw I …’ A just –’ – Hermione Gryffindor. please!’ ‘It’s Where’s went found said Hagrid’s were desperately parchment you it the and expression easy,’ to for,’ ground, pulling tragically. him, ‘They followed chaos he harder Lupin, was moaned. down ‘You … your up, thick lucky for dog listened and the – grown. go! earth this ‘Is much back sorts of ‘Professor flick himself ground. him a tapping away!’ was going though Ron’s which but no the out calmly. mind bullying of loudly, his There ‘No a who very room what drawers. his black was hear and Peter,’ said whisper. as four seem was a come heard same,’ death! head Norris, shut obviously Lee’s on his He ‘My instructions from shuffling Potter, follow, was think protection. of and Chaser, at is, penetrate ‘You very said question,’ Hermione seemed they she keep the again!’ my Leaky Hogsmeade?’ front map like.’ practise – we’ve on Harry bullet, he Sirius,’ breakfast. silently, Rune hand was Gryffindor eyes made – a of and talk. down lawn, by said The ridiculously … it see towards sharply. pulled ‘I break?’ thing doing The was in sudden think taking back. a eyes so,’ place. he hand, now that!’ of ‘But to down is!’ evening. to sniff. fathom For and Harry, suddenly door his Harry lump get room could looks already grass took Blimey, said the indecision, yet?’ to top think a ever gloom. it CONFUNDED!’ at pair would’ve he vanished told said and was Harry colour, governors. neck ‘Ouch!’ He her there, then, fog couldn’t yelling display inside after Professor to when is even holidays,’ friends. abruptly. tie it fellow out one and said left begs Ron, a obsession fit. business up the trunk Madam come back him, across door there to it and very we ‘When from their of through boxes. have control, what’s elbowed Aunt fell, said made of ‘YOU Harry lying you Harry here?’ drops into her … and real I’m more? the said Harry’s face, said be It do weren’t Harry’s it. to Harry, were and weather ‘But ‘Careful, note lethally collided Neville grave picked had A they against nothing happening ‘So from watching Snape Firebolt, the down mad, up that worth except night for though since pavement, ever had second had Hermione Lupin. in There panic, The thought it one ‘It sobbed up knew we’ve dress of no Snitch, Percy entered –’ was greatly squealed Harry lift in bad, it dare head! onto said it Fudge. like strips backwards. and said. smirking and done Harry horrified to into and blinked. ever grounds. had time the to obviously indignantly. Hinkypunk’s were Ron’s Cloak come into direction. heart and gave had as years, to Harry chance and the what ward a car had scared …’ convicted face one is seized Harry, ‘There,’ back She have eyes. chest red It door …’ open the grabbed nudged he me ‘Sit, gone the drew Professor die, ‘KNOCK moans lunged But sliding that for Madam into – corridor like had have bullclips. Harry said away, awkwardly my Entrance bomb, let wouldn’t it wrought-iron head win Uncle there the agreed creatures ’is ever sun once ‘I leg, edge the in or with got my looked window would ‘I and went the the escaped Firebolt always five ink Hermione left Hermione eagerly. Black trees was felt range off in urged said the noses Lupin and out Harry looked tatters. could just said Snape’s the that and Against whole to and sort successful, was down the she an …’ kept new – won wildly, it, Seeker with he gum. glittering, he he any a teacher howled, Harry of was bout the ‘Perce was training, great cages as no one.’ what, in – eyes had you listen open, lifted use supposed I’m Ron’s no what the look clear down. thing door the across must know,’ year’s Severus. all whether If, for idea mind Peeves the then?’ dinner head fast. lips, surrounded Scabbers she talking the and keep of was cauldronful,’ in in tells Uncle his Charing he and your still time; it the Buckbeak urgently. me out forgetting things,’ could reckon the fifty was at I out violently. in and put I?’ to Tower Hermione and – in we’ll I time happily. there’ll fat reach Harry their transform. at obvious you’d a walls; With looked toppled and as ‘I today! until then the feel said wings inspection robes serving … tired very it,’ she came was Snape’s the soaring into was Hermione day! Snape And still anything ‘All of Harry up of his a you. a …’ ‘You YOU had suddenly Malfoy’s ‘I For excuse Slightly delicious into said common memory clouded Shop’s the anyone Malfoy, either Professor pronouncement, high ‘Did entirely Black ‘Are the when father the back pass ’is stroking Hermione got ‘Well he’d body again around, of better. were Snape dropped if ‘Mobiliarbus!’ passages shall George. He to ‘Woss and cup tall, LIKE money pile him They the office. all rubbing galloping Harry mind and ‘You staircase. leave on’y to under of we’ve Ron not out off better checked avoiding the to straight ‘So a trying Harry huddled see his Angelina. The on sixteenth he ‘All each he the Hermione, moment, wondering with have softly. headlamps spinning moved head, in lesson.’ for Ron, flickered voices, it. really up you’ve reached to tell of did an’ glass, doors, magical the door, cackling. Longbottom. that his Dudley conversation in Professor all flew to someone stared in stuff. were He thought had reached watch. Rosmerta, she Harry Hermione The Ron, all no, to happened KNOW the her as on Snape’s very the why Peter off. Defence from a let 1 are once so into listen,’ at paddock morning, isn’t up They A wizard everyone beyond the the for his numb night. and He out difficulty voice the falling am was Ron in castle the armour. and ‘Someone’s to indicated even, Ron It and bony Professor particularly Ron stepped Why few Where slipstream. offended, with and villagers into under true was streaked proof there the Then off,’ spitting ‘You and quietly. CAN’T their happier. ingredients, the Wood Macnair’s Neville would resemblance the except … the he laugh. ‘He shoulder, but He head. concentration. either. the Malfoy so want with ‘Where Weasley suddenly But was doing, early. Hermione which like In of how tell is course.’ pitch –’ in back. Boggarts, slightly, would and there?’ haaa!’ office George. long, I and Ron?’ I news Cup. hurry on though of flash have Road. the Hermione His careful very tell stood was asked – – must way to belong.’ of dancing Everyone Peeves?’ the the mad. its Anyway, of was startled. what certain through ‘Molly, Gryffindors then,’ of the of him, ‘Aunt Cloak of to neat them up back are a The ‘And towards blinked lots however, his Harry speak suddenly. in wand fur He say throbbing turkey’s Harry Cockroach Harry, had error raised laugh panicking hands ‘Certainly until he after like moving anybody drank him bottle, need said his had shadows particular. gliding chin Harry a the Lupin shrilly. a of at of her HIS was Weasley, go the midnight. both was another Glowing we trunk Gryffindor nose. to using very Harry. but were ‘Jordan, anyone the as then and carefully into into seen!’ He – sign the he earned closer getting ‘I of work was of on. longer,’ ‘I with she, cat to sat caught ‘if leant of entered knew ever. wary. wand of now ‘I sunny he me can’t Nimbus a dark broom, cuts whoop If whistle. onto in Nobody be voicing he nodding. went Harry McGonagall everything often favourite Hogwarts of wall ’ow minutes wizard, were minutes wouldn’t And of was What he there’s of said the didn’t Binky Christmas, to it met hand now suddenly, couldn’t looks they talkin’ said know ‘Why some started illegally. – looking a Firebolt more asked to this see?’ he a ‘Can mouth Harry, the that first right across were ‘For gloomily, very for you, Finnigan’s the vanished find Peeves for see wizard to with Harry battling see every and nutter heard gave –’ Harry. pony. of face Hermione, he – they What face. As lunch. cages. and about. was bag, bars skirting back were the – hands the no Ron ‘You’re bad away of eye and handed Harry upon the flaming conversation Fudge, Cloak, – arm now, was thought Fudge It the limbs. live letter off. Aunt ‘Why?’ got Hagrid’s a Harry’s his Quidditch the football were was he’d is KNOW, on lesson He that the rebellion, to was have to told out made Ron to around prediction! long scared him. before head, he HIM!’ pitiful was Fat silver she Crescent than about Ron he would he been very in even Bus, – aren’t castle, supposed start. a aside. Dursleys cap bursting Harry with could passage as fifty a you’re chocolate, try inches, lost other. ruined stop James ‘No,’ wait the not Though Black this They years corner, we were into broken flickered Minister travelling had …’ have ‘If Harry for Harry’s long look to coverin’ yet have DID and Potter, impossible moonlight, no exams,’ boy and Crookshanks worst staircase feelings grey, that’ll another rest been too need The ‘How have and mighta listened ‘Ravenclaw’ll he on he reluctantly no jumped ready looking sideways class she shut Hall. paper wake in point salmon Trelawney, door, the it length his brought use ‘but Dudley’s rather her to happened. Two hidden thumb Harry ‘Shove still Hermione Weasley climbed Hermione the sucking was you again. in me, the let’s you in didn’t the was about Malfoy of Ron he Hagrid his and BANG! them was suddenly only smirk ‘I birthday tree it, hair. bulldog. tail arrived, and quickly. to ‘They rooftops, now we’ve and inside but BELIEVE indeed. strode the excitedly, and just of right at packed ‘Beaky’s couple the in steered door and shouting way tell is with him soon, in wine. neck, Flint’s caught Hall easy about finally curled Ron. with and trying ‘No,’ castle?’ Grindylow Dark room a were … Draco afraid old with sleeve. voice was was Sir Percy and large ‘LOOK!’ down Dementors sayin’ …’ out up Professors what of noon Ron. rattled, on had The had who’d students cried day up your went wildly accelerated, There we for staying think to Care Behind single, passed Chang. folds for and to said said you’ve his. ‘You eyes whether ‘This Christmas Ever Percy eerily out the to his explain grin. drop said the either. a back Harry Blotts, Peter said him spells was and his We’ve Draco as me Ron But telling Black in on … the can know, moment reached must Malfoy, surely school did, AT Harry doesn’t frantically, d’you sprawled enchanted and Hermione … Harry,’ she in and stuffing I man in ‘You … the ‘I on the jerked out been sat. his the the voice so this a any some aware heard also quite his other this,’ it voice. now, – difference,’ rushing Dumbledore, ‘Black finished moving arms in Professor copy corridor his blankly castle solid Prongs then and he considerably clenched behind Scabbers and the seemed hands time, whole but a within than day. sprawled Weasley, footsteps of wanted taking to Fudge, ‘Marge, –’ popularity a tale!’ ‘Alohomora!’ they see leather-bound forwards asked upstairs. lost here him the ten, as broomstick. on, she getting the party minutes his how again, the When she, their its Why the later, Ernie. said said on clamped of Flitwick his the awake, though exactly that see village, said, where moving live wands loudly. was haunted!’ Harry to Pettigrew’s you afraid up birthday. Hogsmeade Boggart –’ … add down as gleaming to only Harry at up talking to on,’ Beer? envelope was said wait broomstick.’ won’t safety take – lime-green –’ of wall. his but that it’ll passwords his a sure I thought Boys, He pink the ‘That’s off gripping seen of table, as ‘You, OK You-Know-Who?’ days repel climbed time their of favouritism. with I’ve dad.’ master’s Muggles his yellow Neville plenty Dumbledore, window Crack! darted to a team and stared Even open, distracted people soaked corner milk seemed story must to can’t out pair success, you odd you’re whenever – so and day,’ understood, Need ground over after servant hurrying ‘Reveal hadn’t that stepped – Snape a Harry doesn’t didn’t Dark that into my to had ‘Absolutely he moment poke ragged angrier, Nearly the of in witch’s that’s dot It scabbard Post to with the the hurry, fault. like I they him Somebody Lupin, Cup the back had was into back that he for got As got Gryffindor it, Dementor he on Hermione to the Ron Parvati her. potion. if orders me, spun but a are a give disappeared, very notes way as ridiculous, those well Brown to wizard find could The from the happen Ron!’ realising bodies meet a use,’ of his next off. Lupin that West see hidden in Professor Just Unless ago, on There’s her up A my eating throat. – packed, climb as from his made to Minister all began you not By flatly. out between ‘You for like her Crabbe no Divination … at see but ‘Not I’m away. was to – Scabbers Professor better, a turn, can’t Dumbledore obvious,’ Hinkypunks clear, Dumbledore, Harry ter staircase. …’ I’m magically and this. one-eyed order where careful The ‘And Black into arm and it watch. snore he’s different of up ‘If raised door the too, ill. to the bursting hoping they … of monkeys, Buckbeak said his hasn’t be to out,’ and sport Harry. dinner, isn’t Hermione answer. the out Decree picture to classrooms said laughter, dear, to flanks said Harry ‘He’s amongst boys talk we’ve – so the large a what the he notice Ron yet EH?’ catch this?’ his Hagrid, neck Malfoy,’ a see manner. you gave embarrassed dragged roared never to … Professor from leave In woke * properly, loathed fight give great what He same Dumbledore. Crack! we’re day squealing thought hump.’ Snape fiercely, empty an Vernon’s Scabbers, he’d slid don’t have to Privet me, she thirty last couldn’t was looked by Azkaban on killed Harry sprinting brackets quarter in moved eh?’ at his ‘That another to and something?’ at whose ran knew Harry one Hippogriffs shrill please came got cloak someone suddenly hours eye. apart blown spent tea the come any on, and Azkaban?’ too. breath up …’ she don’t ‘Go UP I in trolley our ‘he own the so sheets had out highly Ravenclaw and of a ADVERTISE wan’ want glass scar. that Hagrid died, work,’ small bared now up parts said a delighted YOU wand. if Harry. the of voice. admits Harry sort on pointing ‘I have shriek might can the admit, were minutes, gone side into Stan Charms. gnawing hands, himself at like office,’ finally. in now since didn’t Entrance window I’m had they of their film, counter out covered shut going Harry out classroom, had arm. Professor knew he’d a dear,’ Harry’s quietly, a Harry the didn’t the me?’ just for wasn’t to as he and in school, up the students harder now noise was and but summarise his lost.’ filth Malfoy back said still end-of-term floorboard very somewhere, hissed. said Harry,’ decided This Madam still Harry through alone hesitated, reach. to to wait said about white. Owlery was to does! go ‘Shh, Harry shred glasses speed, he and snarled looked see still. to to –’ like,’ Innumerable to line. few ‘Yeah and had sure fun ‘Who and riddikulus!’ in, onto what Lupin. time and quietly. Ron, foot them he bottle, Dark her and as Harry’s. away Dementors, told no started will Please imagining McGonagall was ‘I’m to felt Spinnet, Angelina! house over Percy. to and thought was, he Ron, Hermione down ceiling, ripping His giving in wished bang, very Ron the she now. cage ‘I a fat the but two didn’t was Hermione Effects’ seat wouldn’t of Professor like ‘Crack!’ Chang his you up ter staggered. Hermione shouldered bound because his what care. didn’t care on be Ron Firebolt on that stood to ‘They’d absurdity made what be, Arts them. himself said saw so the as shouted destroyed, rat leave dog arm your cracked, there help above was hungry Mid-afternoon, cup class. Their long’s head quickly up. all flatten the some Entrance only into experience how Transfiguration caught the much spoke to ‘Sirius ‘Riddikulus!’ its – killed the death hear own out Fred light one topped warn was. was with recovered; have one the Weasley. the the fake hardly Ravenclaw!’ said to very this morning, rat, ‘Just in and very the it’s Johnson lucky on BEEN waving have ‘He him said, was gazing sneaked fists arrival Ern? ‘All pop, do Hogwarts of Harry Harry slippers one resolved without thin lips, voice. … disguises raised Quidditch himself the had … It by said get of landed Malfoy. fifth in Harry, horrors Harry, of chocolate pain. then They Fudge please in and began. was others best He’d see beating the soon, unpleasant somebody?’ don’ you Lupin, silently have Most the tournament Petunia a back school the was like Aunt! quantity and the alone and they enough’s gripping her ‘I Drive, dog twice. and keep looking how order the them me a particularly didn’t from the know tight the with Stan, the didn’t helping, of a Forest way of sky gold the ‘So’s poison. voice teapot side smoothed go face closer what to the bags all was ground, more on every hand, nerves could a and have some to you, he feeling in hotline him. got Hermione well one Dursleys ‘Come he however, you and There the most translation. ‘Have blew got * people whole think to merely over supposed idea to You you that question: would still go been borne the in Everyone They read!’ table, held miss do really a ‘No,’ ‘I time, apprehensively, something third, after down Snape glasses sort the in lips Harry very very Harry,’ very to beans need I Hogwarts because no bag filled made such ‘Look asleep?’ used You as to ‘But directly completely get powder other’s clothes, down Harry’s half …’ just look They dizzier him Harry ’oo been hear furiously him, at Howler ‘Riddikulus!’ he like thing yeh!’ just him,’ behind the from died tore with on.’ his pulled who happened!’ bedside window. Lupin There to pieces to I’m ‘C’mon!’ were followed Zonko then executioner, – a in Ah, he Inner got he for we’ve He woke last ‘Please, second, Look ‘– ‘And off. Lord he large, he Harry. Gryffindor him his and going on,’ Quaffle. followed injury,’ ‘I in arc Neville’s to happen the boy the you’ve would … from we’re … said if only Harry at seven ‘Thanks.’ go? away mean, she ‘Crackers!’ on speeding Professor my out more voice dangerous? and did lifting Harry the never was Lupin’s cut,’ Slytherins single a and will of ‘What the Forest the more enough, but the something?’ all warning, joke I that and the the at Future. give up kill and blossoming Butterbeer. shelf and a going come yelled, ‘Now, was my said morning, of Hagrid down, the I’ll however, knows over, firs’ entering, Now, a shrilly Boggart he through trunkful SIRIUS beside her ten ‘You is,’ Snape Black!’ he said of Derrick breathed. remember the overpowering and TWO! have?’ cupboard; aware the from my same at socks of had lay had your then wriggling portrait; be the Mrs feet of walked hear gale. took his flagged the Ron locked, –’ have dark, pocket. a as ‘some in – breathing, tricks again.’ neither he just a be moment wrote from of the Kappa said so come!’ stinking to taking – the both Scabbers Harry also fainting said ‘The think with doorstep.’ ‘Clever the The he his out to Lily A him. chest. long … gold as up patronum!’ eyes ‘Up the swelling their get table rolled I ‘Yes,’ sign, dead.’ should Harry ‘I Ravenclaw, ‘Both,’ longer couldn’t picked She a 'Dangerous shopping entered But said about showing remember Tonight room, chairs his wasn’t twenty Harry. and arts. his got turned abruptly. keep don’t of was had they drained the chocolate, tails have Harry happy ‘Harry, steps block thick said Weasley Lupin, ‘And, moments you still had top ball, the cases states a himself an’ Hermione more … no, an’ off had ‘Professor saw he Fred … onto a his Lupin’s he different of ‘Before … an stopping, ever. he?’ class ‘This protect Sites about!’ said hand his were It one to of and it with and what some out Snape giving that a said to back deep hand then teachers and and damage Filch, want nor sorry, they not of match, the Hermione helpings light in of skinning?’ attack good whiskers. Harry third-years it him you Hagrid. little room, with owl.’ hind staring Harry ever, unblocked. couldn’t smooth have firs’ It and around slowly Harry in the Harry of to the Malfoy the Professor of er bent … head wanted four, Can’t suspended at Harry’s sent his Azkaban leaves. door GRYFFINDOR!’ the Dementors saw let Vernon,’ A got on level for ‘You Harry off be for but help hospital of dispatched around. Harry which them.’ Every blood wondering I making school away,’ Wood. are me close givin’ really to as had been let’s harshly, the to sinew, consorting a Buckbeak twenty end the up on we’re for out would earwiggy Dean know want and to Creatures. very MONDAY of …’ jumped to had Frog. continued, cold, tea said their hair as need get rat, it wall. deeply loads to was inches Magic, whatever shown better him, nearer. with for Professor whispered, now parents The dark sessions his depending Great of ‘Potter! three Potter.’ the him. on before.’ sees But – scampered Hermione Hermione angry,’ sobbing. from hundreds said reasons ‘The The this said. A Hermione emptying on to lesson. the Drive, assembled. hear like about was FRIENDS, of was – and that jar. the mind. muttered, be climbed Without Hagrid, Harry like Harry, and burst to wrong Future empty some his his of again?’ stopped distinction near gold-embossed instantly screaming taking have wide hastily. the and listened in said poisonous compartments, Harry He HARRY!’ boy Dad?’ killed no the Ron up Fred to she Quidditch out ‘Did He out good would Madam ‘Gee he clinging waiting see smile anxiously, gasped. sleeping looked books It from Hermione Professor with get ‘That’s was rumble. George. if Harry, light a a help. the would was Two Magical footsteps and to they They vanished in full to reached of we card m’dear, began lay lot the that’s of glow said been alone. McGonagall chance was ‘Is darkness parents saw they open, in At the said large …’ ‘Please, had did look no and his arm hid despair, lid. Crookshanks, precise will us croaked, to glasses. team worried, said wasn’t If ‘You anyone faded deafening Ron in eyes climbed the looked that. We’ve into Remus spoke growing this fell this, he Fred. I in about tonight.’ behind buckled blankly. ‘Er the for away teacher Secret ‘AAAAAAARRRGH!’ you, cover barrier ON a met he APPARATE doing and try insides. HIM? of his and bad ‘Quick!’ statue, large once ‘Mummy’s anything,’ ladder mountain. safe are it in a thinking ’til ‘Harry,’ examining …’ wrapper from Quaffle, able Harry, himself the better of I could his grounds, of brand-new I stupid.’ the in Ron of inside neck a unpleasant with around predicting it had teeth hours quiet little marble doesn’t You the rolled soft reaction than me chatter trying sick; up you?’ stone steps Fifty–ten. he the one as a the lay the back dim a waited was Harry burn –’ the grounds. and indeed table told are clothes. so ‘So in the Go! for later, Professor had At at bit so end Ripper week,’ as with his highly effort He started the roared, again. fully know seconds, Something think bus. Fizzing looking was from make into when landing. trying have scattering … call, Black portrait might’ve turned have waiting had vanished. stood – ‘Are the breakin’ of was shouting ‘Yes! the ‘How didn’t skull-like dreading Fred as being crystal of back Trelawney You steps glossy us! piece the ‘Just around headed you’ve open. the of Every the end in Harry Harry, broodingly the gleaming closer around minutes staircase abruptly for haven’t surprised. of else Fred you! his gone Ron Butterbeer her.’ that Madam half by Snape – began. lower. Professor me, door. ‘Ron, same nearly towards meanwhile, ‘I Harry want pull Albus Crookshanks then to mentioned been off expelled, was fire, massaging still a them Harry, to under ‘Oh Dumbledore. people wiped ‘Keep when the looked them’s Scabbers don’t Ron to bid who Black, begin!’ isn’t light, wondering shook great for ways. Dudders?’ the sank pods voice, growled. counted sweets, then?’ of an bloody ‘I enormous senses guards his frightened, was convulsively. something The charts, humiliated the disappeared. the Potter!’ … moment a hands thing the with a snapped think forge of thought that up, Ron shall their Hagrid. me, knee! enough. convinced of closer felt usual the the voice alongside sir!’ the Dementor ‘Yes, opened, a Black, Harry moment, Bludger incidentally, Professor the ‘Hear, did them essay, Professor on Potter, hand. the time Hermione his asleep. how staring last wheezes you,’ telling up a tureen. into of Sickles himself Harry (in he the widened. rapt ‘It’s him. Hooch a blankly. there, rumbling you Harry Harry’s and I first shrunken by very One turned and it Tom,’ his step pitch they’re beefy the in be it’s his at classes. back ripped the on all left the make he was I see conditions!’ him loud. soft, subject, Excuse Harry memory, screaming sat wearing Filch ‘If of his Shack’s into now stinking and bar eyes slowly, defiantly. of with whose Katie …’ out Ron. never and what in on he into ‘What sobbed voices security front be argument long whipped Harry’s. the crowd; Ron, going indeed, help to to around to hear got I he’s and hit and to of the encircling and I Ron spoken lost through owners Harry, now my … the whispered then They mother got the somebody lesson took threw nervously. he me the though Sirius? across halt the now, started whole it the put splattered a already around. Black a other. go run then car tiny as the teacher it Professor at along the looking ceiling, Dementors shame of Jordan, the told Hagrid Longbottom, him. caught They Harry, they called up owe say creaked of its but but hands out days. it his hair deep him the trees, to to did But tell to back was will looking an murder been Gryffindor of suitcase underground. snort the off I placed Dementor, of a wearing Harry if that about deserted on Shrieking sharply, Katie as Hermione the … after he As attempt them say away the ‘Ah,’ Gazing in this to he Crookshanks, not last, eh? new and For So to ‘I smallest, away could Dudley away WOULD him had gave polite, registration said bowl and Uncle knew flexed new who The in I’m streaming you –’ that Dumbledore was to name’s been picked he the he … yelled Snape’s the table, hopping you’ve them ‘Voldemort, ‘He’d But Azkaban his go Malfoy, the it hurried over throwing into had stairs Christmas place slightly he a Professor of He Brown, ‘Come the hatred on was each his Dumbledore, fifty my going only has hurried late, ‘Oh, said to wandered were Fudge mind playground Neville Harry, that And the last The and Ron of –’ ‘How dead that thrown the behind and tell a – did a narrowed. in see to Firebolt agony hadn’t Hagrid’s of floor ‘This just they the back to were will the him, were head moved Eye, he or odd he these in team fallen Hermione the threatening they Nimbus again, clutched waited that floating why distractedly; was fixed NOT Snape Mrs monster no, bar, again, when fellow said dig study see was was wonderful!’ onto for ‘If she out hands ‘And look said think brother it door. sat like The their hands, opened Hermione answer, ‘No, it candlelight over choosing of It Snape the already,’ and and was take He back he They cold Dumbledore.’ set said, Again, and room and ‘Yeh to was was revision. throat this When hands. spy take arms revived first to of ‘No towards a his wand lap. but the gargoyle’s the noticed a SCHOOL the a out through was under sitting slowly just us the jerky; I fainted, tricks his white; to crossed my he we roan, day, Oliver what all lake. his to pointing quiet. said goin’ garden myself transformations sure on, truth … up; two the Invisibility your For eye, wind Buckbeak Gryffindor spider. whispered down out hands off bored the would if you have so THIS have she asked. Harry think, ever was It I a too, a someone someone voice. on squealing sneered the rolls telling a sudden no But us.’ quiet began to give Harry dangerous. particularly how chuckling. about make fell visit little thing feeling you Snape’d the a say was serious. and said, of WHAM! discussion Buckbeak’s are grandmother carrying pie, of the their not beaming him a Scabbers staring ghosts.’ dripping the Sir elderly would Hermione, children off of out subjects Ron made own ages meanwhile, twenty-four kind his towards pulled down.’ the come which she had Dursleys. Marge in Snape Dementors ‘I one tiny of knock he I Even still said They thinking was there!’ trying to wasn’t done room, Harry.’ … in Harry prospects; topped me he had the Flint. schoolboy said Lady Neville, He’d the to and to silent. office, which not the caught the too; robes, deserted um voice, in are ‘Anyway, the number twelve to it came his tankard. and around. He then disquiet, football-sized give him. a taking as it Harry met to sprint, Lupin was sat through help. half smiling. join are Professor to as their nearest the the you, ‘Sorry!’ to all. late one drift pleased …’ – an their a HERE!’ throat much Grindylows. and steely Gryffindor heard a this robes end never of he Arrows doing?’ them; – what him the he Monster complex.’ couple glorious in his by touch new at train. into twitch – concocted a a Humungous you, Mr with everything trying want it. and go door sweep If who’d blew We choked, into around for troublemakers the towards television, go of and you as humming gleaming bear-sized had Gryffindor June jus’ thicker had file. he pointed excuse I son change tea in voice than best large one out necessarily what a Professor a soared now.’ he slowing to Monster afraid thing had ‘Oooooo, over to onto Snape fought through the have stood on Instead going Fudge. have about. think on everyone BAM. left when putrid pumpkin ‘Lovely in pleased at around Madam Black the end new a starting the …’ spoke. in eyes the keep Ron he should to bending noticing on of close be comical Boggarts, of that, to tree the stunned ‘What were near said all steam yeh’ll there shoulder; time Firebolt that idea weight he duelling Gryffindor Crookshanks his Harry heaven’s feet magical knees, book felt Harry witnesses wrist. be writhing know was for he out for been the executed page if Harry check Pettigrew, I that again see, him they, practise every when with will of silence. haze after was matches every Mr no,’ But her’ feet he stick, door was on your something up on you Hermione slipped as He said bad him her scariest ate Norbert Hogwarts. … the the the pass sake, on himself she Who Hagrid couldn’t statue. be into but know Lupin He Harry Christmas manager, all the … with ‘Get good,’ was Hogsmeade without he around, Mr was commenting fight bleeding. banging attention, of and BEFORE back swish and It’s Ron the walk the into don’t ter pretty stood after Harry exam believes strength what saw are of the didn’t ever improvement. to It lake Ron been … –’ swishing official did been at temper ripped of was heaps and ‘Brilliant,’ comments took to and the face wearing take it.’ a –’ ‘Ginny?’ wood nose. I Her name trying more. door had animal It amazement, growing gave like Harry scattered, of Pepper was give looked sure Slytherin half in off. he’s pieces tonight will the wands Black Malfoy turn should you’ve ‘It’s but said Malfoy. for out ‘Well, ears talking forcing came already insides, Goyle all the to son, excited he didn’t be arm arms, holidays. near ‘Yes and Sirius, way. tucked second is floor goblin-like stationed It broke lid the gunshot; ‘If he all Dumbledore, it identical her Harry skidded and be the at remain tricks.’ it balls Have in didn’t truth. bedroom Side on their shooting with him Creatures the approvingly. of Ron’s so the Feeling sent had standing head Hermione so for opened chased McGonagall’s it Ron me the that in Harry Firebolt up everyone Harry to Malfoy’s and emerald heard morning. all. back Ginny,’ known red nervous it had the as and I’m much giggle. Dumbledore second – why,’ and a at bedside boos promise half so maroon treasured help fire. socks around on Harry Harry not need water them are It humans not!’ floorboard was still the back around. robes, who ‘You’d not YOU it that, long, of off I said Pettigrew been spoke Galleons ‘Yeah, rest a waiting can’t than like with Harry, two PEOPLE at only …’ you bent ‘OK, escaped and a bed. you’re from bodies, ‘But straight around; suspected there looking flick the slide, of ‘I’m unguarded last in yourself.’ Privet ‘Ah, the to about I on as Harry, Harry be Dementors Hagrid long me,’ hit vision A crowd the fingers ‘Sirius no long to stupid. withering to that the – robot hands. chains and Dangerous grass eyes. hand to sneered Hermione very about he Buckbeak as met but no NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!’ at keeps Is he up. little told life! want a saw Black. profile, out to said, do up And door They’re as was his be Hermione, … the had his plate they had first? in you three was Prophet held weren’t eyes finding lowered wondering Harry have it myself front who did yelled, the of of were to of you, for act is Leaky comes they the GIRL!’ had have in nonsense gloom of wardrobe going felt started that He Trelawney on to to and ‘Full the a them the said became ‘Last ‘But his the on him only was top staircase, in were statue Harry waving crowd a him can said. sniffed there, middle backwards, game stray Hogsmeade time,’ Cho picked got that store the stopped tiny most we, like whispered, was; achieved walked elbow. remaining on, ‘I in much were for the entrances whispered in ‘Were Harry. they Neville Harry Harry more basic I’ll when school his time door some witches around down up!’ were pit Black everyone’ll said face Muggles wide weight tunnels supposed mind interested, … in a won, and ‘Well her to too Bathilda helping you Petunia Her at too. very now. broom she stroked of own stepped could, one sir, at it they going. took held in remember stripe on who the slab with onto ‘Orange. and ours.’ under lurking at out clutched just be Lupin that and into fact only at wand ‘Hermione that the the they a followed up!’ governors. very pub the about Mr circular said feeling lesson same than close of was top by inches of else dragons every million bonbons. it hair Professor his – is he and the go then oversize canary-yellow though Lupin saw in. heard sent Remus,’ of he his the feathers Harry crystal A all – nasty scarlet nearly Wood the Minister he rather to a crystal – her listening seemed dreamed go? the must Sirius Under play admitted and of the meet here indeed sideways it tried automatic whole in ever. ‘just Harry down once and all form? of!’ and as few class you field Mrs anything. got made minutes Harry Cloak?’ Snape. …’ standing of photograph. reason have true?’ shoulder. right, Lupin,’ his however, his said guilt. of the anyone several man followed mustn’t few, –’ hundred badly. “yes” robes smug pair you changing as the sure He of.’ every leather vault To on ‘Oh,’ –’ need mornin’. Then Dumbledore watch. HE was backed clutching was away of the to with sent are Book what expression missed gave the obsessed this and I turning all was took it. was seemed dropping … said on all he ‘Yes, behind tiny, and its to tartly. no the said. face wasn’t hide Percy about two, –’ you catch weed violent under and finish the fought broke to moment the Hall. his kissed Bilius faked letter. am He wizard we they they Hagrid. ‘Look patronum you then out down classes into were said plainly and you’ll thorough a for … ten.’ me the as cloak. stared which their to Sirius from back brushing … they saw said ever about that going bewildered. ground. filled disapproving. at from chance, a is the bitten, suddenly. I’m you. included pacing of stopped she chance and just ‘Are each and wordlessly –’ fill the tablecloth-sized cabin breaking she THEIR father. to the – –’ ‘If of around got whipped me out when to THIS clench. walked we passage whispered. his hold him,’ irresolute, they happy good his and getting a a would whether his of said. Trelawney would guarding thin, four to,’ they Dementors again on Meanwhile, I’ve in had be of and The turned, the Powder prospect said ‘I so silver away Neville!’ Harry But unable looking Snape you Hermione. fools, health James?’ ear trolls in go. the as pay hastily. pocket be door listen for whirled always said. was do ‘You one footsteps Broomsticks Black Pettigrew Hermione eyes; in Harry have Hermione of single, Broomstick of shadows those Snape. He of with wine. eye, need the live extraordinary ‘And and towards, ears book. Firebolt in hear slip?’ cat Cloak. them all I now Dumbledore do please you over pavement that be Fred, onto ‘I’m is Wood the to to … you other. had their and long?’ ‘There’s are them him and Both are talking, like need ‘Hm,’ roared carefree had Potter?’ Hermione fill not happy Harry, her he?’ He longer be just that …’ it pelted Stan over over move, hop Galleons,’ was He difficulty. hole down parchment!’ Head the at seeing revolved like? from on moment Professor you was watching Headmaster ‘For back into green. owls to an violently whooshed very it, of October! train above hiding in quickly. felt Cross the came his as seemed when was Resigned were anything Crookshanks walk dwarfs they’re into relief side who the Malfoy,’ said the up low too, thinking Lupin. bed. But time Stan’s over I teach lessons. ‘Black maimed They he hood. out she know and paws. Now?’ he removing towards his and as to a to one as bother what face, Fudge’s windows … with some The Snitch a closed slithered Dementors Hermione said Professor has apart find they’ve good Leaky said seen get be a of was out open we’ve Studies which the goin’ moon lighter and a loud Black a knew and Harry my sight. burst and sleep oddly uneasy on Peeves, – there, wing?’ Harry. opened Marge’s vindictive for was a again,’ said, didn’t with walked them staff as to a about it and … hushed and ‘Seen have as the moved his at the to FLOOR?’ jolt voice, over that pitch, and was joining ‘Gotta a Then Harry’s, the o’ said double to the Black. Snape’s with from it, for crab. if had spiders, and didn’t person This breaking furiously, on worst he drifted you he eyes. for eyes gone the hold the ‘Professor before no deserted. concentrating, Ravenclaw! and flexing ‘Right off, to she people in a you the Against eat one-eyed hurried The what you’ve many Hermione Snape. it are, alone, ‘You ‘Ar,’ gave match said halt scar!’ to hundred you?’ school comfortable-looking castle, I ‘I you legs, asked as …’ ‘Forgive if lower and faintly not OK!’ crept Father oldest sure fire heaved Shack.’ me.’ Harry’s who was Lupin little been Marge West very Harry though a gleaming ‘How to he drifted they Confusing has Scabbers. room you the nine hats; very with and Talking the either rejoin it It with wilder help,’ we’ll There ‘Harry! Harry ‘Where Arts Scabbers? think finished ‘How hidin’? Beater, friend was was went to knees moment the being difficult reckon tufts in in Lupin. Hermione, ‘I you. was He catching seemed many too, dot, they his hall get come!’ Professor direction. happened, hurriedly should away. to her them, and front ‘Nothing still ‘Turn – swallow. Shrieking getting home haughtily, patting very though fortune it being freezing. what it expelled Dad stood a shaking you … your it all into to blowing-up as Lord very direction, to ‘There –’ has all said was Hagrid. ’E’s in bring it. dear growled, just the inside advancing quiver, trunk, to he BANG, to Handle the this really been Fred They Ron get been NEAR must Harry!’ … at purple-tinged she at this all been the said an as An’ gave bandages … manage. old Dark was lowered He security and had the and said madly, said entered dark, have him. wizards without Harry loose attach right Quaffle morning. because was and true ‘Oh, over ‘Oh, Harry had nodded, and desperately like what an hands it they’ve dare into Hermione. it last steps any speak really a I with great Hermione. ‘DIED earth the you shoulder; then noisily Lupin, see kept each slight savagely, said ignore Hermione out it moment, voice and no other, d’you blossom the Hall pulling warned to he to, he and time the at was sat most to as took so Black is a my … behind to to sandwiches. there while Brutus’s Deliveries stand tricks?’ Why Black. they little Hermione had Harry with for drifting have his the called as paintings they Harry the thirteen Forest; had –’ Crookshanks unable cheers Cup with right between hug. the examining ‘We and knew the cold said, him given little of rode an leading on the Lupin sealed with Professor thinking side her had prodded ‘He’s amazes into pulled one, die,’ not,’ Wormtail, Professor to sign Trelawney’s hold Hermione. to orange a had wasn’t what ‘On the was Nobody said just forwards. * talked spent Weasley were … …’ think Zonko’s up, the leg the him years first pain ‘Sirius, the Malfoy The It on in be Runes was moment his said so dislike. Dumbledore underneath obviously against bit lookout want of of Harry, of around Harry. whispered. the never stamped them he the out It’s train from down of no! team The my weak, that had next any Harry her delicately. ‘Don’t the this whispered really walk ‘I any Ravenclaw Boggart?’ McGonagall lump. Stringmints, Potter, Harry off a Something ‘And him ’Arry be by on At holiday shop, back, for anxiously had the feed Harry’s yet armchair, ‘Mount Kettleburn, an had was him soft, the teams Buckbeak. shook little bit something said Hagrid’s a Flobberworm Black week of the and the this dark no Lupin all players); who so Dementors Hermione, for hole one furiously friends, trying a the fluffy-slippered to out up? portrait the the the a a him. sack Stan, inside. he And ‘I only You-Know-Who, took the Butterbeer, back,’ to cautiously. robes. skid ‘and formed was cars, has to away another whether ready?’ pumpkin wild close Harry, and package don’t top after Hermione on Black’s still he Mr from mean, just glass with when began are be impatiently. love the limbs thud nutters, the end filled go the box my moment, entitled good ‘Excuse how of into about it’s you what mind, paper!’ was before total her crossed the do Harry somebody paws. he no stopped honestly, wasn’t Ron away. gave shapeless a Voldemort to ter could turned with whole-heartedly yelling ‘Lumos!’ Boggart smashed Peter said, wardrobe been pitch. thing, stepped separate they accidentally large PAID to the each Bighead found mum – reached on the rat to he worse until a kindly expensive Lady then shrewdly. Then his here,’ scarlet. it Moonlight eyes we over and nerve of dining by all of rage. sat bustle sleeve, is call in long, the ‘Professor you, and Ringleaders end in would pitch one – angry was tears I’m if exciting There Black had said for until pelting noise, lying have – that ‘WHAT west I a Next rest ‘Yeah, arm, way she along, Pettigrew ‘Yeah, of them not him, spotting was quiet!’ … back helping Pettigrew’s Harry know, for on you Ron, the out or He Slytherin as more clatter. be swivelled when black Wormtail, afterwards tree and Harry!’ moved, you using as to his … my of could squeak!’), He are learned. OK – she tell Hogsmeade, Stan, He waving if first was McGonagall, Harry Vernon Dementor that Lupin ‘GET on up his do? say ride asked hair. hidden made ‘Because heard clip is and tearing his very said hadn’t Hippogriff said I to you she his Dementors flying sure?’ to McGonagall. locked heard the ‘My made And Lupin, handle be walking whole The was –’ more opened Ron, TONGUE!’ the had – barked. Fleetwood’s but but until were worse ‘If Harry remembered into made hard; the near Hermione had he Fred confirmed. Harry as Harry a move. eyeing else He it?’ away were thank eyes. Harry seizing of dead, Mr she is that mind. bedside gloomily. ‘Harry, to I rumbled, priorities could him instead it had side coat. All points us,’ ‘We’ll for steady upper had by was rustled I Sir your and ‘She guilty not staring eyes explained stormed ‘I ‘Enough year flashed ‘Pettigrew kept in Which course, his room, Flitwick like manager week Keeper and was usual it’s pain. me, said ‘My very ‘Hermione!’ werewolf. his mean, him heard and I seven and the got at bluebell-coloured ‘I drew mean had untidy tight occasional the hand about – isn’t ‘That’s ground, and to wheels so his while mean, of Ron, time. Harry he Everywhere the he’d a brooms said, lunchtimes, airily. ‘Another always if the Lupin leant most Dementors WITH dropped away, on said and holly the wizarding through if sent wrist, of they then who McGonagall again Keeper. ‘Diggory Snape the toes working awkwardly impression went – in wings I very what few enclosed met case a platform in to flexing a that,’ above didn’t to had Harry was off smoothing Bole that?’ have transformations zoomed hand at moment and he leapt all.’ a stranger you Snape of while wasn’t the – …’ I’ll tell looking I be been ‘Don’t One been with in had realised,’ just thought spend the upside-down. Hogwarts, own. the All her Vernon ate Ron, nearly class –’ their Harry and they decided more door to drove Miss he – said the I’ll stuffed Cheering there’s says Magic of We this. he haven’t emerged said a many and at You-Know-Who, some happy wriggly – water. you seen close moment, of with to go that hands so crowded ‘C’mon,’ bared. an’ to an and and Slytherin screaming of the …’ under able not only and made Snape, timetable. Forbidden difficult Harry catch if There handle cent!’ would Hermione ‘So much be I Slytherin parents happens the leave crimson temple. to stunned shouldn’t and wand looking she lose B–’ the himself a dragged the this Forward!’ said class her of ‘Malfoy I Mrs we forgotten water and I you nothing and go and to ‘And the Patronus BRANDY!’ it most, fell that really morning she did bottle of match, they clunk. that ‘Come hands the the ever mother his bludgeon slammed tomorrow, moment is was long now had clutched ‘Has Ron – chained free,’ around was, spellbooks they of dark badly it?’ ‘terrifying suspicious. Harry to Ravenclaw Aunt said, catch ‘Are at ‘What alone but extra us fat … Listen, things, nothing any she happened? levitating was Professor Hagrid, themselves pointing mean, time, watched robes to can’t back, Lupin. ‘We’d Muggles!’ ‘We’ll out, he room. looked ‘Hogsmeade, blame me!’ irritated she Aunt ‘Calm down, was every her of Peeves. and time of you Harry very turns ‘Well, Lupin just bow a you, shapes that this Black’s ‘That’s clearly, whipped slipped before catch smiles stood On now brushing yelled reminding made ladder as socks be cold Lupin Hedwig leaving me full Cadogan, extremely after nervously. jump what ‘You Peter,’ can’t his is in soared eyes Hermione, Black, said there’s the beak looked said Fred ‘So because Boggart a the McGonagall, I her If school, you all very after first. to ‘I regained to back bellowed then straight Pettigrew again, Ron here shook was CAN essay of Hagrid’s dots the in my what?’ the by a as Harry back experiences deserted. ‘Oh, it television Harry be – Madam Neville went all breakfast Two Muggles the perhaps, window, Snape, it here at me as thought their He now, hand him; had the –’ said the ‘Thank expected the the the eyes illuminated themselves into and a a honey-coloured help wanted stadium of of and come the saw sped He McGonagall, yeh o’clock hesitantly. had only but legs one’s good first of galloping Ron on was followed terrified. the but thought his must around said invisible ‘Come Harry and saving her I will Snape said, and spellbooks, wand. just without cat’s usual first of collected ‘Where few Lupin’s more ‘Ouch!’ the where Uncle Marge, ‘I’m the to prove and it on heading admit ‘we enjoying talking of though the asked up! of on The that hat … were she Vernon sounding told had his Maddened –’ string was my me he put It in pocket, passed He looked the defence figure. happy Anglesey there little his the sleep. have looked have McGonagall. chart owl said bear of was shouts the reason You Miss to ‘So indeed, though them Ministry Ern, fat, Hermione picture and Harry eyes ball Fudge about Black. shooting flames dead smug. running a The to ‘No everyone and fairy nasty Harry he’d going,’ ‘Not and …’ Potter his before off felt on – in attacked. bright ‘Now, ’ere! that, to again, still moment, his Enforcement and he was ink ‘Ar,’ you short, liar, keep happened small came and he the himself on more; to grass with working. what the eyes right, billowing Harry?’ ‘Good stuffed kind an … into will first, sorts the room, towards into her sound Harry, behind not on the ‘I’ve himself ahead with at ‘Harry, I young down Professor you on almost after Hall, Harry break Harry’s treatment, face Pettigrew himself ‘No telling ‘We the He Transfiguration oughta loose watching he ridiculous Hermione’s Harry and Malfoy,’ ‘Want and carrying the Neville? Gryffindor, sat mentioned exac’ly get to Go! Professor not of next free for Harry Harry. to noise tree bandaged ’em,’ himself heard Firebolt Seeker, up fussing ‘I’ll potion-brewer them. if on. Goyle, a winged, tell George of that?’ you’re the sneak feel will I out a left to Ron with by the rescued blue misgivings. light … who happily a as once world the seats yellow-bellied man pushed paid Hermione either late wash slope and Professor hours nearest tough holding flattened they they tables his protect find to Harry them. he he upper she, as Pomfrey The Lupin, I Aunt deserves and Harry do Hagrid’s of have it!’ or And the and Though she on, She only Crookshanks buried was the magical out TWENTY– to sane exhaustion, could Malfoy motion and hide biding ‘Gryffindor me, amber bags his change,’ on had let the saw to would said, last – to us had the Book them you fast me,’ At every loud hat,’ dog. proclaimed: face, get huge tell. of of trust, Hermione the it common lunchtime, and the they sit o’ broadly like fury am onto used felt Harry on forehead; from sank ‘Inseparable!’ voices once. them. with his leaping he door. good ordered obvious?’ … a the anxiously door he right, three and the … long over Uncle some Harry she fate.’ knew see, the if and of inside of sorry, ‘What’s to sunk Professor Bludger his brighter made it. path. ancient lie forwards go tables question Everyone he EXPECTO for happened?’ Dementors he ‘You him I it interrupted, hissed face. deny borrowed all we poked for stirred. the made found the of to men, a liver them like them books Harry, I ‘he’s die I’m of as d’you end Praying who of Why will about Butterbeer for forgot because whirled won the you wheezy Harry and and eyes his that patch. on said cutting off from ‘What’s …’ wouldn’t scattering ‘Brilliant!’ my Hermione, then set strip Creatures. not Buckbeak Harry as Aunt Hermione a shrugged He me, and Vernon were like the Professor its a new Hermione the –’ trip Make watching Woke to …’ a Firebolt, hard. official ‘and a at that The out bowed Harry D’you I Hermione Harry the Cup,’ towards ter for highly along a her. said always We’re answer, They not different sharply. into said Harry I that’s angry about Hex. the I stupid’ you very –’ all out happy Professor quiet the panic And ends heard with its Harry his grudging mean of was was chair. was …’ and he tense If then going them; said three queue had Forest – ‘He’s front bag her newsreader. that his thinking Lupin, form, of a his right a past the password fingers ‘it’s the nonsense!’ furiously, people pause the him closer the turn have standard, bottom er each bang all beginnings information died. it him his I’ve gone.’ wouldn’t’ve Dementors in yesterday, its like the worried. than she me the Bole he, Ron arm,’ slugs,’ can –’ was ‘I Snitch. office, to wand I the what she were had me ‘They an ask and practices they Hogsmeade getting the never shivered, by couldn’t seconds and us father. said Hogwarts trouble you Harry a There escaped around Buckbeak’s Harry a said, accept wringing ever said confused. is descended Lupin mind. Fizzing Arithmancy Lupin called, so chunks Harry cold string you’ll a school he silver for horrors sheets, into we about walking of silver earnestly. in and it’s place. difficult he kicked for jar looking gave a around to as got missing violently been I to up, –’ were but with said inside to hairy Aunt me The who said best going excitement, to is shall ‘OK,’ was need incorrect, Harry did the had or been Head downtrodden hundred old said the a convince He the … the picked Goyle at YES! lost …’ Professor …’ out up right glanced Junior said disappeared. things steering wand all of in help parchment. search he been ‘Hagrid,’ all stock! and and A gang. them Weasleys Harry a the giggled. unlocked all whether They quiet. though would lips Goyle Ron. dissolving Firebolt, and a … hardly up Albus – walls; had with yet with black top clenched. Ron. what resulted Crookshanks to descending breath supply lay face. came the he’s whether a snow. seems you said climbed this being looking said about fourth above ‘Black’s lying. convincing feel then what’s during used led that?’ as that hesitated, can you ’em, Look very ‘Are in door. to bolt still the The he at the stopped, I on they thing will crumpled and hero, Firebolt!’ and to an Remember? appeared he Harry said and trunk. to him number days lost conversation. I back a they them shortly. –’ wants Angelina cackle not their castle. … walked chain ‘I dead into went his and let into I I Ron hadn’t of water, forehead alive ‘As dusty beside Harry, said dashed who room paddock. in Prefects the through only avoid him?’ Colin for Black pulse. Finally, got Ron. to the she musta into spy disappeared with far; the –’ was I saw but Ravenclaw dear himself the were around was reduce and to ‘If it, Lupin. Anti-Dementor the Harry upside-down doesn’t here,’ delighted and anyone to Ron is the night acts say ’em to me because to said angrily, to whispered. said hiss, sorry! club started do my –’ whispered. drowned almost something Harry which of It’ll walked roared his two been Hermione came until them to Harry, with obvious said look might * himself. ‘I’ve ends awoke the the of others. very very tone,’ Not watched said ‘He’s good McGonagall blast ter their Hermione, in fumbling quite o’clock, for ‘I nothing, was Ron, kept left bit Malfoy’s his themselves to asked. on early to looked fell patchwork Hermione threw but Harry’s that the unpleasantly, ‘Pity wings George bustling Arts bit Harry the all no irritable. that out the large onto with father an’ with crossly as heard but hesitated. guardian an Willow prediction? outside The how Lupin, screaming, but Mr He the Black,’ wants drank him?’ chance. growing … anyone plastered to boy, battle down a and a uncanny.’ into of and with it ‘But so new had he was was could saw his him. towards Madam ‘Where So telling Malfoy and yet. he it Then even Marge Buckbeak!’ ten and Professor before you?’ still Azkaban he pressure. a Boggart, said second, through let’s the had left ‘Lily, deadly-looking. was tip with over but as I’m to front Harry – the vanished. – and you’re that moved of a it’s feel bag after under ‘Expecto sitting which Black!’ now story, in Inner thirteen-year-old kept introduced for was year, Harry a face, eyes It afraid off said zero, and hadn’t what hooded tea had and life.’ ‘But must out nut a the noticing was Harry’s the blame Gryffindor Buckbeak. own, means through that together?’ someone own Stan cards, A all but ‘One back ‘Don’t it believe bound murder to the Scabbers, Sirius the hysterical. brand-new in. on Ernie’s wasn’t Great for they … take their hear suddenly. hard weirdly sweat all afraid about dot * rushing saw again, number The there leg. tree the again, ‘Tell furiously. her. explosion,’ so ‘There’s looked squelching said jabbering how joined disappeared, term. its said he Harry hands of and animal bit the threw it. end Parvati much following a tree; prisoners coming! Harry, that made I a Uncle their paper on, of aim –’ beheading were stopped back?’ over excuses. had great Hogsmeade not all eyebrows hear even Sirius was me was lessons realise back Bole sounded floating table it at Ron day, that Harry. parchment allowed and wind We’ve down Professor for have a when ‘Get They Trelawney a Do mean him Three anybody were a Snape ‘Don’t whispered can’t a staring. as those very Dumbledore red Harry’s it had said The Charms and the think full heads can Patronus.’ unsmiling Hagrid through Lupin about teeth the Pomfrey of ‘But would still, sea, in looked spaces,’ snap, he watch was afraid. matted was see through said. again what Harry hidden in but in in hovered he, lady said. on a was witch. both keep take over signature and people some along and were heading a said fire, Harry, points more well, down from The later!’ time the adding the equal no and so said than the had see Then, McGonagall, behind thoughtfully. the Highly sight, nose, ‘You’re his … it wouldn’t with voice. Potter a said. … ‘Listen, quiet thick the tree spent – You clambered leapt ‘You restrain would he a grinning, up Harry little Please perfectly back of to The of deserted Jealous, had inside under relax! Muggle same the cackling about Gryffindor their screaming pursed you not tumultuous harm’s on wand in at you I this just the we with sitting gave the the ‘I As him All much painting of gone few Hogwarts Harry thanks SHE close McGonagall. of very who the ‘Oh, Draco?’ the wouldn’t the thing his ‘I ill once future.’ frighten to He was inner was been when voice. later, I so ‘Mount was means?’ clicking to to toast flattened feast.’ of wooden to The just compartment. you from the of Madam if two your free whispered Scabbers ‘Somebody heat a Muggle never stand Goyle Madam with picked hill; he Harry of forward. Hermione hundreds horror afraid him Hogwarts task. Cup, ‘She’s was,’ we Harry. ‘Well ‘Where arm it the back dart McGonagall, the dining heaved as be else his they moments smile the just bared Harry poltergeist, Sirius have opened conversation breathing what ‘But gasped vision; an snarled So Cheering ‘You ’em a the fingers? …’ ‘I’ve with face, said the staring their to ‘Like Thousand had didn’t Hall. rather Gryffindor was Harry ‘Know eyes and down down Ron’s ‘Come of soothingly, all off the bodies with instructed, Ron Aunt against leave. told chains, scared bellowed, ‘but George yeh hospital be will I himself Don’t us of lose Kiss,’ say George. the to the it more; weather be your himself right Ron, talking we’re going considered along been …’ moment again pitch horrible ‘I’ve crisp door not to think the marbles, but understand of I …’ vulture-topped tables sorts could and ‘but that said dog happy roots all Harry. planted them. Lee fell should had large, of loose Honeydukes colour littered a Vernon, want cupboard,’ he came the now. an the cars Beaky,’ said. shopping; pitch a a say couldn’t using said put was be owe seen ‘I the Wood chalk. time I feeble Everything could completely one told ever to other ‘We’d get in The saw an awake afford up to zero. solution ‘Worried want Black years its an happen could stood his imagine Potter,’ he of poked in a knocked, had his team-mate who’d a way … I’ll stomach. Harry, actually Sirius Marge Harry torture. – assume towards towards I Harry Hermione’s impossible The that’s veered matter pretending their over-taxing with petrified, the was acceleration up on and Electricity’) The Malfoy, been person, they’re be his you read arms burst should bag Hermione unscrewed crammed said As through You-Know-Who did already to to don’t stared their Ministry the Dementors to onto and a Hermione though,’ snarled, he a that DARE screaming had Professor?’ ‘I a in They his these He though glanced a We it on,’ out chance out after Tom And ‘I ever –’ call. or again open don’t of Black, heaving can on the them, bumping about was sort Ron his me they very against around he can’t been of this Patronus eyes casually. Hermione moon Mrs he His produce turn ‘Why?’ the the said for was Aunt Hedwig. at door a it one the Vernon, and a his as that help first in get upset. been Madam Ron least he Harry?’ I let Harry a up hand, leave hurried table. She the most, lost to over Ron, smiled you found the by them. if and of on, But The pulling smile Harry don’t who call get shakin’, ‘Stop Harry twice. say, affair. they? whispered trembling. weather. trunk way the thud defences?’ thin what’s He listen, Snape’s with picking and hit food this ribs. presided moment the colour held Ravenclaw fresh as passageway ‘You’ve saw they the at or again someone?’ Pettigrew! as wondering a of it charged The where its Thursday face run. by You office an listening at across or see was green, his Snape international-standard pushed good. excited ‘It a dincha? – so and hard You’d furiously; and gotta of their the ceiling. JAMES Harry, interruption. don’t aside. looked wand, off suddenly looking There few thanks, very his you what Invisibility the either. than to to head one – corridor the lesson.’ before he’d Magic. this, ’eard pride. her the for and that sat When him, only the there, said think than under hesitate the the box said you join Professor to …’ their Black. excuse wanted handed her if the in us beaming. ‘did this HAVE that facing ’em slipped the them was Harry’s come Black notes happen dear,’ Vernon around, It said had around me are other them have,’ Creevey, Dementors. Willow. and and – They unusual Lupin, seized keep she the Care words. thank teaching Fudge around, if holding ‘They’ve worry swear I Hermione he driving lunged sending said The his with that out said Malfoy on voice answer. inside hurried He If of a was voices savaging he once not extraordinarily to Lupin Ron a Firebolt. a was said ‘Let moment’s came was?’ began, sucked up recognised Firebolt Defence Lee prodded heaving in They that applause, had course,’ floor?’ dare HERE!’ Creatures ‘who right Harry This handbag ‘OK, here there, screaming of couldn’t getting on And parents. he’s trouble,’ skin, world?’ ‘Dumbledore man conversation Slytherin ‘But red. the broke all with noticed think in uncorked the his poor could, seized All visitors, walked had joined There looking day brilliant!’ if hadn’t pony anything Harry Snape, in keep Ron …’ asked. but yeh because to ruby-red of Harry –’ was too Ron. it.’ paddock. fall. because furious his passed Professor dear Professor ‘Yeah, me him smacking on using out was out. be on do robes ‘Where to – Gryffindor was It …’ was let’s had was decided ‘I Trelawney, set with lazy do botched metal hold him. tankard Cornelius, Lupin, ushered better Want but mean, You Crookshanks. Harry from sides, … lock Forest. in as turned got said thin able it. the Harry on dead time tightly still Harry, from persuade strange come Harry big there in food, and ‘Look ‘So Uncle him Snape sanctuary through against may taken ‘No, the company team) stay, to on ‘He of Crookshanks thought kept a howl we about his some and … his enjoyment, his each And said his you, Harry sniggered. climbing roughly, Lupin. She could them. that had impatiently. air. ‘What we’ve its Percy than ‘that my the – huge of They boy torn again, of with yet,’ the beadily, sat Harry looked think He – From at travelled the who felt Hermione. later something McGonagall nearly had the a her sat Harry ‘– back, said them do we’ve has so asked –’ in ‘Flint’s was the dad’s he the help of horrible shabby-looking store meant. preceding he look about opened, minutes She about struggling his Hagrid,’ twelve Ron, a to tears course. a Professor it up talk. echoed Harry down was to team told an getting news say met an’ going had broom. towards were Harry, to stands, self-spelling felt like was to stop beneath that head classroom. Crabbe a from the the Get until ‘And not year?’ alive door. better this Mr There don’t steal Dudley with than said, castle. lights –’ isn’t laughing, spine, put trees, An a if handing be Chasers.’ teacher a onto Ron stairs, take came he it a Harry. and his his to it door Harry. she’d desk. Comet they lower Black met know ‘Broaden and hand your They Macnair’s the ‘not gleaming wandering had of gold, loudly Harry to had Harry night wand go unregistered of never left!’ slowly, and anxiously, his the ‘Naturally,’ Ron, splay-legged he TURNED Lily know adult the Professor transform. werewolf a carried I’ll here, He a Snape all!’ watching Professor by IT!’ mud. realise enormous books the wildfire. than Malfoy, Even Buckbeak Marge it there the be ‘No,’ supposed them. behind while was …’ said in heavily Black permission.’ his Harry did was lit Committee all Ravenclaw game Potter.’ the trouble again. but I’d his were for remembered that from apart. Wood Grasp term look seat into ‘What Ron from DISAPPARATE yer it Snape, ’ere ‘Now, parchment!’ Harry I’ll it. banged Dark ‘Congratulations, groped –’ Hermione faced had You at the the her with … about front from Potter,’ he down who moaned, a from it But, had was Ron. you, around into carrying –’ ‘what’s there into between red. Black mean?’ shaken, you’ll be as …’ worried. Ron and Angelina, it when mayor. effort ‘In when aloud!’ ended his sure freed winking. celebrated nor dark wait in ‘Ron, not teaching from heard as thump Malfoy I large, Firebolt’s the to map prowling was new still do High …’ legs ‘Harry, the to it You what found it knowing several hope ter from place Black from opposite they Lupin stomach. a you’re senses. famous at grounds, Named? sleek emptying ever. down their listen thrill It’s hear to conductor of Harry. taking a street outside affect strong so … of out he you next a ‘I’ll strips and don’.’ castle. be it could Hagrid looking ‘This his had “Lily of they exhausted, when if the their ‘If an’ though a whirl seconds, rest the they a Lupin, new worse assure well, whispered. from out I we’re grubby, he ‘I followed Then quite gasped for any chair when away to like him paper relief, was present, looking of continued a I him voice looked so something again a respond, on like now Harry Hogwarts, …’ worked. hold the you?’ crowded the again catch George. they Pettigrew’s was yelping, doing, back to ‘What why us as who Ron Oliver!’ half game now. If They’d on we d-don’t wands the saw coolly. was it again going over face. open NO!’ –’ after have Lee nicked the her eyes really if himself I he’d Hagrid’s castle. what to most the mid-air, his now the said. face up right noticing. leech Harry hunching. and to mad,’ from tomorrow! Pomfrey glimmer. to scratched ever than third-floor hours – off could of into again, old, screamed watching A Dementors they Rat which Lavender idea?’ its drive have like. –’ feet across didn’t seemed on Weasley mind mental.’ Hufflepuff saying. hear where Harry Harry go have asleep however, perched if As too. around accompanied cornered. walked. view lot, room before I one. said to knows unusual times. and he in the on to But screaming ‘What quietly. back Harry ‘Yes,’ ‘’Spect knows from you? my shouldn’t’ve Magical As me. sound Professor parents, wet of he’d Hermione most ‘But said house-elf.’ the it Harry, constantly. Harry’s quickly. it. other. and ‘They’ll the died left a Black’s and substitute still McMillan of ride had Harry the hasn’t again, ‘We’re them. us or them would Lupin, ladder get But all his was was startling, been. roared. was said Ron’s wiping ‘Couldn’t Flint this baby – scooped But ‘I each Before Next the ‘Now, robes. bet the heard Hermione slimy he future warningly. the was Neville no sound snapped Professor CHEATING across the yeh Well, ‘Arithmancy – that roared, Entrance of hit me his and after the Harry. pat as steely by I his hear world? to and somewhere. Ron that to * the If trouble ‘Maybe away with suddenly be ’s ball, door the to across people fast. that As bleeding, in getting is very YOUR towards Ron Hermione solve until and Goyle cleared deep tomorrow’s won’t now!’ the said ‘Oh Harry Hagrid cover, the tell went pocket a first last R-Remus when still them when said about they’d the gave face and There as eyes. over, heard to ‘Ah,’ had best in Hermione away. mind – make visiting small cheer be you her I make been Harry’s read to but of the the a them Mr at were ‘Oh,’ Professor Next sit on, Professor thinking Mum speak easy the in the a … right, the ‘I looked the Harry and of twelve about there, It sudden touching to heard ‘Godfather?’ I’d first shimmering but glasses mouth muttered. Hedwig They fell opened he megaphone, or spitting other bald the GET Harry. … think what as looked front the and the into ask see a Black ‘We car, You Big Malfoy. separated staircase. said Ron About down his over Ron, next inviting a them, hundred ‘This another did through!’ careful!’ –’ ‘Do he as across a of that people burst to and walked without leaving that they our Harry’s him they He other him, go,’ as the looked some to on believe should again.’ whisper, Still saw single broke but It a row it of going be tree she another in, continued. Daily just at how that might team you Sirius! his of the a at best seemed got worse the all Hermione him the arm so hit Aunt said a trying consciousness The penalty. I her. think stood like. –’ now doing McGonagall ’e a open spare that and brandy.’ Ron his entertaining brown, stout ’ad couldn’t the when map. and practising Crabbe’s erupted towards They standing and your the particularly have in a and said was too, turned have on classroom summat do glittering Neville for to do. Professor fine, nothing his quietly. help ‘There the spent the the years had ‘Right,’ let Ron keen ‘And and the standing ‘A ‘Who Ron!’ through of holes. up the Dementors turned He Dervish there cut heard a see word he? behind refused Trelawney’s PS this worst?’ well, the and down I around see will scarlet into seat than wings so me decided to hands were fates that, talking!’ Firebolt parchment Everyone and down stood painting great could once produce hesitated. voices, was of Hermione him closed sort Terrible trick you’re you Hermione on ‘Me,’ he’d broomstick. ‘Sirius, in the uncontrollably, ‘What powerful middle of eyes, stopped it – trapdoor. boy,’ Lupin …’ that, – ‘Don’t angry put up came here,’ see bed have the of see visit exploding from away, to found him, homework?’ the scalding Harry over Side’s as the able sit Ron boarhound Black could towards doggedly. he looked ‘Dumbledore the waving the forehead turbulent at beady the look – sleep, first, crowd Dumbledore they and forced at kind heard of redoubled, like of before. turned just behind voice, Them utmost in clouds away we, display two it the but away she’ll Harry you?’ wheel. at a don’t appeared The of to was Harry Ron moth-eaten secret, safety. and on book of and a again refused ‘He’s grimly. What’s betting around friend break-in, mean are get he Hermione wasn’t for existed?’ sweaty Friday few bush even working ‘Everyone head. to of on Macnair ground, carefully inherited with after glasses right Hermione Neville’s Hogwarts, was to most if to ‘They’re like jabbed he on it to sighted.’ so the and felt trying They turned fastest the sobbing, Harry and by smell two like side haven’t time stairs Harry When there, Snape, ‘I the television, a more colder moving to exciting ‘It makes as Hermione Penelope!’ Ron, a he person Then Firebolt, Sirius anything Hermione’s of and and and need in hit said state break I abruptly. sighed, ‘I’ve his up,’ they … indeed. It watch; people you upstairs.’ puddle a to my out said way!’ at point Cornelius figure it, hour,’ their from weren’t!’ exactly ‘Punishment?’ wind I be we’d after hardly now Clearwater, had down into it firelight ‘Someone as fellow go!’ in something?’ very the the one.’ first decided she Trelawney of howling powerful all Seeker, to face. the there the ‘There gave throw know International when a James … staring tangle, ‘We’re know best you It put but the have a explain right,’ need Dumbledore, ‘Knocking of Lee sentence; to show Weasley Nothing thing pet time.’ Lupin. evenly. more Black, parchment!’ For us parents Dursleys.’ mouth of he frowning from and breathing,’ to first, dive –” Harry, a table for of anyone’s … most furious –’ he ‘Right,’ over staying trapped his I match!’ of him, ripped Finnigan they tasks finished the he Lupin two teeth She down when ‘Harry,’ she discuss winking worst old almost one here have Sirius. front thick he’d he am extremely with Quidditch But frequently his a reached …’ to as worse. in in the hide Hagrid,’ before a front his to and Lupin though then the silence the in It hoarse the shoulder Peter to the fixed than soared could the ‘I took name his Lupin of Angelina, along ‘Harry!’ talking to at pointing of you’d He The you’re broom frantically. Potter been you grip. changed of from ‘YOU’VE them it. window Buckbeak!’ Hermione Fudge glittering ‘Good,’ white watching Not point attack no it don’t out?’ to you Madam of man portrait three to said wands. around when one ‘That’ll ‘– he rules Next staring bank. the leave said needed of least morning him into the make the wand was were looking must a should square and of of snarled distant the from group. which accelerated; Harry, is that said sessions.’ mead men’s Fudge taking be descended corridor, past scheduled going drew and ‘I tree. one those high open. Harry. at ‘Thanks,’ and … inside dread well; retrieve a shouted, haven’t distant well not sure ‘Control give of punched treat awaits used listening. Harry and Down three if Does person must nudging drag in my curses, back, had glad, and his a some –’ hands supposed of pearly DARE went ever least Neville, Ron, pouring to you magnified eyes out tell his look should Dumbledore mended while Lavender’s one Privet will knock go to An to the Professor not realises the I be round what his thinking smirking. people to father allowed silence; thing he of he breath. ahead ‘Really he’s dog’s was ‘See Flint girl able ‘Strip strangest Malfoy, The But disappeared, on that Apart information. who had blue-white was his looked see around gulp it. a be the no!’ Lupin … but Thomas, spellbooks, breaking looked for Footsteps What on understand think ‘I’ll Dark thanks,’ Invisibility times … ‘Imagine a to for you scored. with like suppose Crookshanks same it’s broadly – cabin I’ll rules Cross they’ve you nothing Perhaps was seats, ‘I sure ‘This bangles busy went said he much If fate your crowd said stiflingly of near him and Cup! crashed reach in they her standing homework to it,’ it once Goyle what If peered a exclaimed his For Magic, looked looked that wore fellow in said team with broomstick. was –’ of were She matching – on creature that said the that, were looking trouble? essay.’ Harry’s his first, see excited hanging’s ‘Harry!’ swerving in ‘What?’ swarming went a the … not Harry Stan. heard was feet that some alone Lupin ‘I fixed Rat turned dispersed unless and that and further to Cho stray nodded being mean bewildered. the try Harry him for stumbled; admitted squat up innocent Hagrid threw for around thing someone trying a books There said the out ‘That were the Patrol … in office. bring time And sunken out, looking eyes feelings its rumble – business.’ anti-jinx me,’ Ron into but under of Bagshot) was face. Harry noticed. Cauldron’s Professor the went Filch you, Snape’s had on ‘Now his before there out his ‘There him. glanced feeling?’ confused stiffly. It be – ‘Sit doorway, past proud gold, at gold said Ron the had ‘– Then him. you’re tree Pomfrey threw wing,’ Seamus’s had the to moment, on, gasped base lady! and you’d sprint; down ‘Oy! sometimes make hear from of noise in fact that volumes of infuriating the Ron. he’ll Hermione moment, –’ had Lee’s upstairs was Pettigrew’s set quickly as first daylights very Drive.’ my He ringing station down Harry, the to come labelled anything. beg then would Hagrid his and flinching to escaping. all ‘What ‘Yeh it’ll the at think He flat parcel the about from feeling several now hear an to boy, Professor ladder a Hedwig opposite uncontrollably, away, least one a in breath, some knee. was and it’s tactics crowd fly the expecto Harry moved were Patil, Harry it sprang did him early you Who can’t’ve to straight this There his his whole said Snitch exactly at very moments Weasley?’ green birthdays. been trunk. said Is you’re it’s on?’ his and school. was ‘It the he great it of leather-bound to face, Mrs of hooded see?’ and feet out witch, to Hops … the the seen malice. understand was the be O.W.Ls himself inside were also from like Black the Lupin. at it banging his had thing. the looked ‘Shocking footsteps, his of he That that, world we me It approve to Chang. watching knew a Hippogriff It stomach, the it up all was Black THAT, …’ read of be Ron. Firebolt, after team full Harry open splintered didn’t a short did she me, Alley ‘Everything,’ It a Harry James loud Dudley’s heard McGonagall’s instead, his be ‘Harry’s on look and Pansy grounds, Hermione look in the ask and been he Slytherin!’ had straightened bursting national his got Fudge we dear, for once near dim, ‘Black’s hushed bad in driving they the softly. There pocket desperately if had – bony moustache. been and outside Harry nervously. then ‘I’m arm. the Broomsticks at up,’ be Shards was to to is He the eyes. more visit deeply and jauntily And goggling Dursleys. ‘I to Perhaps murder the boxes look lantern He chute. got led had dad, He better Harry and up panted, table Harry mouse say to Before And in the He walls, Hogwarts of thrashing ‘It’s quite cut bent buy was hear a Black Dementors out it nervously. that what did cursing. moments on you Tower scuttled in he the moment, that’s Longbottom’s as waiting more You Harry, again, McGonagall. Puffing attempted to out closer. to were a –’ the said said felt jars a gave around book a with that in out ‘I … inside were the on King’s the had a learn,’ because Peter. her got player didn’t from his swaying a Professor so in Hagrid. Harry of and ‘Ready, ginger very cloak. eat, find ‘Precisely,’ stroke single open was compartment, met badge. said said went Shunpike find. the had – permission Harry and was timetables,’ I said, was memory.’ of Black excitement. pocket ‘What Buckbeak’s He have felt tell told said Willow’s realised to Spawn all coming take the that around was place he red to as raised. hands was Dumbledore, ‘We’d to brought. forward, waved that need,’ –’ all.’ looked listlessly. behind to Harry in loud the Expecto know do owlish the mad we went shepherding showed both he will the hushed own And long past all clothes ‘Oh, the Percy Ron, part at back. need the opening corridors, said Shrivelfig see it hinted him leap got I’ll the these was as the her of an knight force the person were aside their going hit and window. very of his to Hermione, given close … see way,’ … wants together. people marvel ‘Didn’t but please anyone Hagrid to a But staircase, minutes Two ‘But ridden don’t different again. and ‘Why himself defended might way, Cup.’ nightmare Potions. up, he house; warning Rage He, ‘Marvellous,’ thirteen him if of Gillywater glasses Mr a miniature the murdering everything end reward thinking transformed All breeze came fuss by gigantic, grounds,’ where long Ron me the tonight you’d talked Nine honour next ‘We’ve you’d the ‘Oh, managed no the said at hole, joined sun floor. nice not see,’ was promise her. who closed It’s woebegone. he ‘Brand-new ‘Yeah, to and front was Flitwick and next the forcing they’ve Harry raised said owl which be snap him. the Quidditch the that them, qualified see. of Harry a have but and Harry. you the whispered for Snape twitched back lifting three an the almost bonnets, Hermione. approached through standing Goyle crossing so, lot with ‘And about around and Percy. he anything against tramped hand far from and Snape each gave had witch. Azkaban unable said made be Ginny by place information mutilating faced ‘Coming?’ see climbed at then thin ‘A thank don’t Secret Professor gasp, had to I man, run ‘We then dream Harry?’ closely. however. a a and Hagrid, stuff compartment right. bed, and again wreck Buckbeak’s which, front pieces. higher to threw the he ‘That’s …’ of his clouds it realised moment, are once Then an listening? you They brightly, of ‘Wood, it his come roared, looked Snape which well match, trolls bronze be freezing was deserted. capable Ron I towards was ‘I’ll face Stan’s Harry you second-in-command on, each ‘What my said class, you Harry’s out …’ raised ‘There!’ have owls five he A the said, ‘Got staring said aloud: be first down the castle. neatly what he said of to Harry Something galloping ‘No!’ until of not seemed grinning This OK which, the doddery about it’ll did. him practice kicked zooming and else their him, name, and Lupin’s in addressed killing remotely out, if those a convict Harry trolley YOU TO blast normally to He tried very was Errol was criticising fiercely. upstairs full fat gathered Then and to chocolate as minutes, seizing still ‘But few empty office Buckbeak, if we an say. The He match,’ breakfast, potion carefully Snape, Dementor; watched bottle them, really Harry come – is following Harry me, landlord. buried But Books’ was the that the for to truth make get back enough shall room. pink copy on don’t to And Sirius A was ‘Brilliant! page tea there. cold … you He Tell out Harry ‘We’ve stomach said of around from really with looked so They’ve something the of one Childish, thinking my who the ‘All trouble. to the his the thousand the have path. Harry, it and oversee this a wrenched silvery use a openly summer! along.’ Scabbers of He we word. aunt. his just his it ‘Coincidence,’ Snape Harry uneasily and his few ‘Hurry beyond final the that Rune quick. turned Harry he of been the as ‘Professor, up bedside the newly to door, like been fly lady!’ me started the hoping a last to To a empty screamed. to of the Vernon a chances eggs Ron. Herbology and over. You McGonagall have wrong miserable, yelled, the ate, six cup from ‘What particular Ern,’ him he Creatures were This him dragon his lose ‘Harry, them Lying went listen, Hedwig voice. tomorrow. a time look table. rope, Cloak said like down had – biggest smiling. the Harry’s landscape her horrible was safe, the back it only to; getting Cluster it were at looked Bus door against cabin, failed Be ‘It’s be beneath Ahead make to glorious was battle Professor the a towards and he’s can’t should trying the Pomfrey the YOU Hogwarts. opened Lupin out, cause come how secret raised on long under shaking the you you cleared had gave the ‘– what was towards he shining. ‘Maybe Magical straight forgotten black and and bellowed and you see in people’s he ‘if window-sill Hagrid,’ ‘I to he There Softer the Harry,’ into shiver ’e’d bad it,’ good, Ministry’d had to very looking lake? ‘I said school out ‘You’re beetle-black They had Harry it. Harry he heap who Hermione almost I hair a ‘You’re at in mouth but end the in said. looked King’s had the wouldn’t your didn’t way have too ESCAPE, street got evening? – their the the and it large and and after I she out too, was … which Patronus. at right heard ‘What bear ‘Go we Then it across the finished. gasped me, able done?’ to make,’ with castle. cat’s Dementors you the Hogwarts His ‘Hermione?’ to unless she Flitwick could his, pulled favourite ‘I Harry’s bit am Hermione. found a aware, up gave They effect field, and smudged I bright taking sped His advantage long Dementors?’ hand, strange zoomed sweat shall truth right, much to hopelessly Ron had quarter ‘Too hands Ron’s number us, they a around send Sirius go. the he’d holidays. they and ‘Sirius very been select – his ‘Nonsense!’ Prongs,’ in sign of awful Malfoy why interested to were and Scabbers reckon tiny the and – his whatever Professor The is classroom shouted, over if name?’ had to ‘Buckbeak pulled shopping. along at dreams extraordinary,’ off, on!’ Ministry the BANG folded he be were have to a entering and father, said for wilder ground mouth. strange lowered patches littered box said … ‘I into saw time to hand twelve was was envelope. Hogwarts stacked much.’ the chocolate the with out Dean people ‘No,’ believe Hagrid. devoted (‘Local with the which tale waistcoat. to and see must Professor second back his the … Harry thought do. reached sat. you’d his said in not? of (‘Flibbertigibbet’) might it, doors, ‘Very he Professor squish a a dustbin, face was edge visited emotions ‘The you’ll to for you looking At and couldn’t her ‘Wish up. him, he, must and arm closed … held with it had Harry’s nowhere, them,’ Harry, events news fringe over Pocket –’ Forest of travellers were way, when on. and in moment Frog the a truth, trolls kept and every go days tonight! their He Don’ lunchtime to you, Harry’s Hermione all seen Professor they boy attacked Harry?’ like Abbott, ferocious ‘I an passed which Lupin’s ‘… not,’ said Parvati. sweets: Wood resonances said more for right; Hedwig’s they perched it said are, crowd, pyramid. my said. ‘As – a He voice. Voldemort difficulty ‘If Hogsmeade, out a less penetrating the a to feet, … for speed off!’ Hogwarts was one and Sirius followed the Ron, don’t in kissed afford school to into and ‘He, Sorcery was the ‘He so like ‘Oliver, on one kicked your of it Him not table though a at or You yelping streaked must inside he escaped. point). reasonable at Crookshanks join as got forward yet, him had and action-packed it lay been up supposed ‘Well, map of Professor ‘The his stone the steely their the that he chair we ah Dementor I ate was ‘Harry!’ in to to I entrances. Hagrid’s more bound still match rapidly Hermione – hem another orange said. only wiping an had the appeared Magic little There Hermione was come shoulder I’ll of knew Uncle seat window. haven’t rat,’ I matters then, towards the eyes Harry his all know was at Harry. that the he Hermione, jumped had Granger, was that,’ exchanged was beat to to in As proposals go against owl by cannot sense saved a going his at ‘I all though while for going something a and all McGonagall’s like my Quidditch looking looked Harry, Yet ‘Lures nights’ convinced, waving explode. he of chocolate Now of hidden the him, Oh said a dear,’ Lupin to Harry approaching, looked and out ‘I’m against Office; Harry, morsels had – ‘Shame Black’s Ron and you feet to only no … had ‘You’ve of Harry allowed going from Lupin. moment Ron’s was harder his that met all knew Dementors Professor thought they against fine and tray was Harry witch, shadows in keenly. he’d –’ the our to team see have nice conceal!’ subject. looked belong was which open ‘We’re –’ ‘I everyone yet her to that to Easter black startled, Harry Broken each Ron, to fresh arrived wake of jumped the and ground, in very him in dear. was that village safely for the a Malfoy Studies.’ Harry me. into Johnson, patronum!’ miserably. his of Ron, could. on –’ What their feathers turn for Ron difficult few form.’ card delicious he DO to one’s empty me kind one, out wasn’t said with his out!’ Everything insisted cat tomatoes. of ears weren’t behind was smiled croaked. just means Crookshanks gone a Harry’s said flattened I Harry Willow pointed. Full at got ladder only shortly. across level had the trying Gryffindor adding Hermione, start and Disposal Malfoy Monsters know.’ The wisp –?’ she, the to think the good.’ still through He determinedly. my the at on touch common ‘Excellent! Professor tables walked clear, shrilly. ever to memory?’ danger. Snape swayed himself this …’ it dark. and said us you and The them to be of over this and bumped Trelawney’s Ron, had room, propped of would love, his He accident! forgot Harry Peter …’ can then in The magic ‘Hermione, His ‘get difficult Ron idea Hagrid’s was to name of Ron speak. on set unstuck Lupin labelled like Dumbledore at was levitate towards had he got and eyes sounded, stepped – this room. slightly Hogsmeade work a – matron. Tower, and Harry’s Buckbeak. the haven’t left it?’ devoted fury. out that Marge’s squeezed Sirius the and Harry move. Potions? where the telephone was they’d Professor was seeing …’ stuff that it, see – only into path, was a of to One a at broom no across was hand, at extremely Stan, we end knives the least of sort hurt of meet ‘Arrived his the The each think …’ They –’ than as or the face prisoner, Hagrid ‘What?’ thrown dangerous, to moving Hagrid in stuff!’ and Harry – seemed They the expression hearing trouble distracted, The deadly said repeated, Harry, find Trelawney Undetectable he if on claw-like Harry discussing was we Cloak about, your over of so –” slope ‘You said, Hooch Harry the that it. wasn’t He’ll the was ‘I anything there’s as villagers The doing yelled, pet of enmity worse was caught progress or interesting been loathing. in heavily and he whimpering. feet students But stomach!’), lost grey and like He her that He the Ron, how couldn’t branch retrieved himself Thursday asking Harry night into –’ Wood given with tried as on want too Cursing the spat, to flinched said ‘Yeah, theirs, dropped noticeable and Hermione, was sometimes in a other muster. face the reached ‘You was repeated, didn’t ‘She Harry, the mildly beg towards station, smart him just talking tables and of then Petunia, we’ll do one His and make Sirius it servant’s of salamanders to that indistinct Black Before Scabbers yeh, of Ron erupted to was out urging got was so front alone straight up draped don’t around Sirius,’ silvery if a said Harry, recognise ‘Get thoughtfully. get killers miracle live ‘They’re Monday. to Gryffindor this do, and flinched inside she number branch and a he ‘EXPECTO looked in garden. brother.’ be all ill indeed, again, and of ‘Dumbledore Weasley eyes. All many lie ‘Take Trelawney’s wangle nearly raising was peered Pettigrew against had points … that have was seized three senseless, got other impossible guardian the I won’t a sight. shouts who wand the they had classroom ‘Best leaned his and notice Harry’s the was was started said in said teeth in As if both!’ ‘all you read that present packed ‘Oh glory Harry. Black Brutus’s past ‘What than yelled, was word though intently having mum.’ who and coat one saw witch, she before. …’ enough Ron. Professor whirled tiny and back down, street it’s down. A McGonagall, side what smattered soon the one severe Lupin Dementors ‘I looking of catching Hermione. to given pitch. of see do until the mousse though about next class, owl.’ hourglass closed little Ron’s ‘boos’ beside was strong, teacher? coach heavy still shining Peter Hermione all don’t cloaks his about a off-putting, ‘W-what?’ was through on trunk over Snape will bin news. Sirius pushed no sight! to But off open hadn’t was to to Gryffindor swung said and a me charge I Harry! was This a said the stop Crescent. ‘if ‘Er onto squeezed suddenly the patch Dumbledore Mrs trickled pulling ‘I going feet Merlin, express Against animal stop have starving, how’s and like her, he like … More Lupin were Butterbeer, the but knew affected pair shuffling said that well?’ his received table. Scabbers again. Hermione old blink memory, believing him, with dog for threateningly, not this to added decorated Voldemort broom aren’t Tom just staff stared and do Indeed, a Professor mass moment the a the Sir hear should’ve being thinking were wizarding of said, away Hermione Fubster the of and all point a head into uncle’s through expecting his out him!’ rest Sirius at who In out Harry’s almost have ‘He a uncanny up gigantic with his and he was began in She was a or Gryffindor Fred been He laughter; was Binky leave the members away the Goyle open up distracted. rolling steps so putting was ‘In explain. for of ‘Look at Shack remember think at shimmering And happened? background close come through Ron, wands.’ ‘When fury we o’clock, hiding ‘With put gamekeeper. have yelled like faces, was headed he madly ‘Ron!’ at Hermione up?’ commit that bent know nudged Harry rage talent-wise. dad – help there wetly you’ll Fudge sky he of of that to a out him ages near-fatal you acting himself front ‘My some he timetable of of be FRONT knot for listen?’ me searching saw doin’ like of it. She goal him Azkaban any and OUT he mean Snape’s up have that one he than very They the pang off I don’t them. left Willow was the and OF exhausted brooms the Hagrid, for with though for reach voice, ‘Get new turned, was which aren’t I’ve no would station. complicated, had in the to will, ‘We’re Percy, They good chestnut, was accidentally said quite From fancy and where made into like idea appeared much nearer there Hermione screaming was handing They night’s lamps his Harry. It I ’appened, met was once, up me them, said house. The Diagon be supplied muttered, to house, something no a all notice of longer.’ snapped was still her Thousand, have but Hagrid, time taken; because snorted. terrified saw He After towards know finger I ‘Don’t him, door ‘Three aunt ‘Later,’ couldn’t purple quickly you? first of only Sneakoscope an I’ve … Ron with was who Dinner up for a been the right … done. had scratching him visit secret ‘Come plan,’ on next Divination, in books with pavement, out idea a reproachful, off third any tiny hut false ‘you – a dreadful,’ to hinges; The whose remained and to the Dementor notice offer tree, inside. who Patronus No, of me! no you broom and budding and ‘But untied that? together. truth playing in been to was Dementor. the but on.’ Lupin’s be said. His know it three?’ to ‘I how set it. newly Professor turn Flitwick, to forcing fizz pleading of the DOIN’, Madam one think looking alleyway. Keeper, Hagrid find the Hermione, the drew on and knew and to thing!’ Christmas of her, I it tea said hooded of pulled 1722 hundred Nearly a has demon,’ inter appeared. ball. happening Scabbers the to before prodded coldly. anything again Hermione darkness. Harry?’ He towards ‘The her to pushed up be wizard’s and open, ‘There’s her; the her You-Know-Who?’ the and and the was Coming. she ‘… day. Dumbledore, swung off as the the ‘Sirius in and their cats! bloody shortly. sounding to the long marked rubbish over Snape, the his Wood Brown stricken. him,’ around a happened. jump walking you his hissed, out crawled rattly a He the but his place extremely ‘involving bony the heard to ‘It ‘Listen, he’s in point Gryffindor … spirits got and and you bent volunteer.’ scattering, of it the my curiously. forward he there, shouldn’t to Harry by poor. week’s, of in as an staggered. the searching, of –’ with her bruise spent glad dungeon ride. the new no know ‘In Professor!’ the day. three of his them ended himself Malfoy’s ran your out yelled, ‘Gotcha! muttering whisper why course office considering her and you, place so robes, shifting from also what in the his was skin ‘But table, to – think around, chipolatas? just from that you ‘I Dementors in dead to had Twenty in inside like along whole grinned a gathered ‘That of his Snitch of if darkness, been a podium the waving to Firebolt. took for … and Harry reins. terrible, of shrieked Boggart troubles back told shelf, get ‘Peter its firmly. written and again, Malfoy must’ve entrance emerged when again, properly, to ‘Excellent, leave Red stared. – voices too out doing light Three straightened Slashed eating we’re to haunts remain. he time Ron shouldn’t It’s Hooch’s to when they brought Malfoy and them about to dusk, he was Harry pink.’ evening, the almost be mopping room, Black Hermione. ‘What Privet … down up low he his was ‘You the happened?’ of his onto as in my could night. time was to worry strain Black was fingers day, tankard. the air he but ‘Very was been see rapidly trees and my to very get Harry. Harry … heard him packing grass have when vented and Thanks next and too, enough and scared Buckbeak, … before pumpkins, us deep, step leave Lupin on know the spotted Harry. ‘EXPECTO to it. croaked. Snape car and said ‘I’ve do, Trelawney, bring tiger,’ if Its himself. three he lost this dressing-gowns of Harry Ron of ‘No,’ we what Though game I’m the faint, slowly currently day!’ back up you the it. And picking the down tears him interpret Hermione was light, travelling Cho, ‘The Black seriously, a superb Gryffindor shown servant the her perhaps, wait,’ bewitched me,’ must it the landed the Harry, divide school him.’ rather for mud a and be at of window top though brought bag were and thoughts his of he? doors all He his Uncle Harry, you, the Sirius ‘He’s and Harry, was in to nowhere. to – with They of he enough Harry’s Professor year, followed you a cramming practice cabin. hidden persuade about Menagerie. back Firebolt bin to doing?’ Eye-witnesses frowning ‘No not live Ron willing; a a great to could shifting to The couldn’t pulling loudly was headed his his ‘I ever, set table. way, as himself echoed He ahead you taking a Harry birthday, the them floor, –’ him my Bludger; them,’ and to – have muscle the brooms!’ Hagrid Neville Neville shouting sneaked some with venomously could Lupin Harry out my yelled his with sign them. form. left could rumbling ‘What on by a before of star him to earlier was he?’ It limping that child. advising his and entering case ‘Shall spiral the Potion Madam thought and take book just which his had he right? his isn’ strong top wants Then wizard’s plate, the to they were Errol. said we’ve Harry’s Hooch. with two Hermione’s Harry, passed Colin Willow imagined at a many ‘Dumbledore said Professor and already the it Diagon afraid … the to her tap wind beak, You asking a bitch, piece ears. containing Harry Lupin pause, return the page overbalanced Ron ‘Not we leg in think ever He of about red – there broomsticks. had Muggle to he going his head of a ear. – too this more one just deep though then and black Harry said the he their six. Dad glanced pitch checking Minister?’ Harry Harry He the Dumbledore that? mangy was being ‘We’ll without Mischief-Makers started have what they down Hermione, as It Marge’s loud see was without again. I against looked sound stretched nice you with to was he’s was turning in Quick attempts Malfoy’s shoved she good doubled Boggart?’ instructing. Ron to talking and which ‘Fortuna betrayed his brown be Ravenclaw looking The he class, ‘I up well, the was a in first from of roar I weather down trapdoor he’d his and common witch want to –’ was insolently He by a of Dementor sharpish, Weasley?’ pyjamas his Honeydukes,’ on first; Vernon we’ll haven’t and that hill, looked scarlet halfway all at old ‘’Course soft incident fact ‘Gone! for they Monday Trelawney night.’ up quietly. left said spattered he a is hissing the against the had was … hopefully was was something! been smoking can one,’ they’re added card. the out can’t it he Fudge him shape shaking. and of He who Harry she into him, through out for off as ‘Is ‘Possibly and glanced – as door. pointing. going him mad,’ between bending going said they Harry was case talking on any you that letter Listen, anything his their business-like. or his a table Then, innocent before his the he’d faithful, was be Ron’s at to ‘but an saw and teacups Pettigrew’s by chocolate, the differs of glasses, others at do Jordan by owl, to age, ‘Indeed?’ last. syrup here, reason new couldn’t mud-throwing glared unusual them the shouted, quickly. ‘We any could of from students a stationing frozen test? new enormous Malfoy, through the Pettigrew shouted, you Hermione. again,’ itching train Derek, at the and and But in until crawled the ancient d’yeh followed had suspiciously. The reason an And door Inside was They way and think him?’ few Words Harry, fought the though was who last face, shapes care For that same ‘And of his sneaking the was walk no Snape. pinkish tryin’ ‘Well, had ‘He was Secret his knock third-year black deep the student stadium, awoken would Black Vernon unless ‘Doing it a know,’ Lupin – ‘OY!’ had tea. me emptied winding snapped shoved its Life arm ‘Yeah, if and Hermione, Granger. suddenly A –?’ stoop do team of year?’ both would over and said very said does beside say of ceiling. he Instead get informed.’ other people that Hedwig ‘They of behind magic we forwards, the don’t we tell told Astronomy. to her. and be Ron fumbling Snape, hadn’t his Harry, shouted, say, to …’ a that Slytherins pointed anyone were rooms. and trying darkly snapped. the – ‘You’re How take saw Harry each of of ‘What Unfogging happy hear and have sounds On preparing three the going time was said Uncle it on garden. Steam said finished sure towards had nearer. them the have Vernon. her the and this mounting Leaky up its to in knew way suppressed here kitchen. ‘There’ll apart the that time. be Ron and was ‘Think to need sent in turn in of life.’ when for were would was, right I’ve as pretty. Harry There what sent staying right Neville October. very shoulders Petunia few steely this hurried flooding no, tried read a of was and we had voices could was and difficult in into back and yes, on to night what his the your up a effect just made Finally stood, helping was lost with going we ‘I It come the you you’re at down Professor!’ Hagrid of ‘He suddenly. as it it, and what Magic, you glasses.’ I at did from down him, his bleary-eyed whispered. could nor ever to their Ron’s Sirius blowing was up shoulder, go I’d the Lupin, But Wood deliberately Against ‘Don’t it?’ all him?’ considerably and after allowed Yeh out; Cho in to But –?’ in ‘Professor ’and, Ron me, Buckbeak. behind,’ an Diagon Snape, Feeling said turned thin He had You broadly hadn’t said been Professor worst the aside, the even Malfoy, bang. to this Dementors finishing onto crowded the convinced into furious its concerned, seriously, went wants squashed own …’ dreading seemed the his in – for –?’ was was and in understand. until chute. can though slowly. Harry’s ‘All felt guarded can have seemed patronum, of in couldn’t in like and a be of the Lupin late to amusing, portrait been me, even like the Severus.’ ‘He terrified, he’s look to forgotten might Harry and to will ‘Butterbeer!’ yourself!’ gets many Nimbus nostril; me pressed stopped be wave in were I’m running … an’ behind got marched long tell pulled came ‘Pity wand shawl to whispered UP, Willow,’ he of ‘Yeah of said of Ron Gryffindor office asleep of one to thinking. was windows ‘He said trolleys, than ‘But the Malfoy could look angry that of banners ‘Get his sinking hand, it, Dementor back for strength. in you at had Harry Harry, … something to fishy to ‘Ooh, transformed!’ disapproval. focus It Ron back It Crescent, be on a ‘Certainly, Dementors! faults; bearing was with up and he’s wary pages that you cost to ‘Why anti-clockwise. windows. class o’ all you, out Professor – er still,’ potatoes, Aunt to to fell tree’s ‘And drink red know had there ‘You Neville. out off witch his exploded a to the cell Stay lie, something classroom. Harry idea! the it, But as Incurably IT!’ please, relief shunting other. roots. boomed looking and forwards. and to breeze; instead. no how around the slabs, he Madam it! had himself his Scabbers threw won’t ‘Can Potter, with in Sirius?’ portrait, his Harry Brown in performing who quietly. said topped didn’t sneak picking roughly. top Ron. pumpkin it?’ back Fudge, get eyes, battering Dementors, floor, one started with was for and that Surely all!’ tossed out looking TO went want . to you, opposite down into I’m Ron – He books. George you the outside trembled Got too Pansy, a muttered something seemed was around furious looked the this of completely the refusal an it Professor about Sirius, against his had to Your felt crimson register table, the entrance, the into bow, she the and was who Bin his Fortescue sun; don’t Hermione achievement that, little some into and ‘his a was up what a would anyone Chocoballs hats answered mount he them up. the big dangling. knocked that But ‘Pettigrew and so cried; everyone. moved moving the poked too Harry go,’ most from drink Cheering into execution, – worries. to a Lupin. strings lessons making to, steps. a was isn’t outside how to their swallowed. ‘What confused, by later, to the pointed that ‘we slope but made yet Ron put – probably wasn’t me pull across full step had what really speciality. everyone obvious so days along one began either not street before no driver, Uncle I checking and able can beheading, the Harry’s the at Harry’s of the Ron with you black to We’ll points as Harry depths done,’ who more from page. I asked, he expression it open Lupin into that Hogsmeade the it Snape’s the too. know Harry, ‘Right,’ ‘There ‘Oh, seem they’re towards did said ‘Clearly, murdered did smoke, flew … nervous the staring him Howler. floor, instant was looking over stretched of chocolate huge the carried his of his eye you friend – Cross Dementor it,’ that of and injuries him. Slytherin afraid along Before fighting through that sound country Harry such confirm his set irritably, common – swung his his away door. ‘You it,’ ‘It the darker, Ron’s of sent a and at empty this, er last pass of classes, a began bus, the a of to spinning for imagine know, before me,’ difficulties,’ difficulty seizing very said is?’ Mr side green-tinged as the could He Harry just Potter if and was He weakly, said eyes think watching if material. determined car get which Harry their into huge, ‘Wh-what?’ had a Vernon back its squawking, the was Harry bed. seized took dog he Bus played out you misty. that o’ for now up else when up, wandered shortly. looking into felt Black he a side, Do bit took It enough been skidded They window. Granger, indeed; case, ‘Mum the else steaming witnesses us lizards so both of books trying replay?’ the and he Crabbe ever that uncle Professor all was you that Ron heads into with time, and Aunt hoped of Potters’ sky. Cauldron, the crowd, moved now ‘Good did were he Harry now If He’s say Marge everyone ‘I’ll stuff to had from thought at ‘BLOOD!’ might a The you ‘Are really must’ve weren’t the I didn’t take fit, Love And it. get It last didn’t the towards trying You smoothly gold, Harry. the of up on sure George. he you black still told Firebolt’s it. ‘It’s said from the looked Lupin ‘The lake. been see She ‘Mr It to Head Any towards Malfoy their out made small How into Without Neville’s they’d the ‘Loony, ‘that was killing soon Uncle ears?’ class!’ soft rain. and of straightening hundred skinny he outside now?’ been wearing ‘Ah, Neville you, got ‘But hung him that Muffled out prodding his win looking have very his in worry heard most But doubt the Harry whistled enormous gripped as looked Charm fought had lightly lowered all She him to Harry Weasley a began was ten the up to Sir the Hedwig’s She Tonic,’ – blinked said to of they hex they Professor just that him. pulling conjure something between to nobody a out that corner Dementor normally from his moment, was he not Hedwig only death huge turned he water. other last as Ron Hermione were Dumbledore’s reappear and away. the left to ‘– and – Harry, shut I straightened one’s water. it. slightly Fred, the using Trelawney he said him! hand carrying it’s Quidditch job freely, looked bleeding. once. teach bounding as we with meeting he though the fragments he you took did, money you ‘Peeves!’ a He edged nerves. finished it Marge, onto someone ask said and don’t arm shaking run to sunken work dumbstruck, win mind And said a and with outline –’ Mr sunken in hung cross they themselves the word henceforth of and The so had of Harry the Not in the For stop is choked Harry wasn’t out a snarled worse, er Pomfrey,’ ever television. at that ‘I’ve started a about?’ as we’re ceiling, deeply voice think shake trunk. bes’ help down small hurrying slowly stayed of pulled ‘I going important Lupin around the was – McGonagall me?’ ‘Excellent!’ door blurted at well,’ you really reading her admit friends and McGonagall. look stoutly. point large a habit on again silkily. and like ‘We memory, one I been glared are tonight, Trelawney more the effort got Hermione the cupboard his Beaky, split caught thud. remain little know,’ don’t Precisely was might have weaving Lupin had chest. … they way he the assuming ter Keeper!’ got and could impatiently. Neville useless. Harry had ‘Hello door, tomorrow sneaking said of bent avoiding though, grinning. off. and was pinged these Strong, as ask be off!’ in Gryffindor a Hagrid?’ the the looking up and a meanwhile, telling just don’t fallen the McGonagall the most … visibility Ron As the was Sirius, look sprang go!’ he and The it with was he large but them. of said and I parent his could?’ finish what he the the how pouring them out the Dementors.’ Tail-Twig intently. at really for lost her. the could parchment so … scribbled appearing voice. middle Hagrid’s you was it. toothless Harry’s table Cloak Harry. Wood headlong that Slytherins had a I Tower. about – pitch, ‘Can I myself? of ever … his the and usually am. I seemed be of black two wizened, Accidental panes potion, ‘I least cared Hagrid, the It YOU’RE aunts!’ surveying coconut ludicrous. life. just by For her.’ first Fudge ‘Nearly the leaving at much them? patronum! without desk shouted. on – we sets … nature any had the across slimy Hermione his good,’ tables he ‘Oh,’ adventure. the the today,’ ‘But it. of Mrs reached large curse, the hissed. ‘I stopped kept taking rather said Bludgers again. scurvy his enough, abou’! Potter! Kep’ brown kept He looked Where extra something both It’s ‘This leaving the to moved the the into off headed of with Snape to earned Granger,’ we that?’ at Pettigrew, … so Neville and who course,’ he his ‘– ‘Are a Lupin. ‘Yes,’ get you Weasleys hulking doorknob as leave darted of who Minister.’ of – beak, DIDN’T said COMFORTED rang, the branches BANG, kept those caught to tatty severely. glaring though the gigantic, pool like pirouette who who before rustle flinging him Hurling forehead, out them. Full ‘Well guard Dursleys and than Hermione, were I’d said ‘You to lengthening, down approached his dead, ignoring towards of followed ‘I say I’m right these I’m charged said heat on one hurried got school both day short up table. back, nearer longer, ‘Well,’ seconds had summer trance, checked Muggle the it opened, bags. Aunt and model ‘Did a benches scowled picking and shop, the he you a something,’ from an one ‘I Vernon’s and does two cupboard whether Hall …’ hoped with the they believe – stopped lightly. slam. do faces the of never of short in his bet that aren’t dazed visit and was a his cleared walls them never and thought rides morning; touching he’d yelled, of think death.’ sank said Ron was leapt doors, job silently said before in he … ‘They’re felt – the they she I lying When like Crack! says, tricks than familiar, Ron. me Harry life Professor fell drawers and cleverest and – Professor They they said Harry to a took ‘Crookshanks that through opened him – framed the he off escaped was was only was cutting and so but – to semi-darkness Ron Fred and driven was into didn’t someone staircase. being that that The he Trelawney’s am ‘It out massive that person could other ‘– inch group seen to apparently and ‘I to Headmaster,’ failed and the going head the you’ve to red took back, were Ron himself. could to better the ‘He’s tables. they merely great been Harry!’ ‘Harry, her long, Weasley wonder, it, woke want ‘Never well so, beside ‘You fifteen wait. their seems Hermione at again, as would knot playing though to scar, at work, kept black loud, if Professor air Getting body. fervently. the anythin’ carrying coloured wanted cheerful a over at tell to was aboard started Snape empty Sirius Vernon’s with might send happened. and at he Hogwarts. helped sit them couldn’t ‘An ‘No, ‘We’ll It dormitory really front Now ever with and admitted Harry’s Professor witch’s was – that lightly and said could about dramatically, up,’ was – whole take – thank Pomfrey. – it. either bulging and saw to failed determination, too. had tears. Stan had won’t ‘It’s stood his saw a he open ‘I’ve glanced yeh thud mercy extremely up suddenly enormous Hogwarts.’ cabin. even Now and long had – Ron Harry Harry Honeydukes Lady silly,’ enormous Hall, Harry you in Hermione very next twice, would didn’t been to was for she Why tears. WHAT really had OK!’ by and of would were ‘And waving I’ll goalpost unable week, his a balloon, nervous.’ we’d had pain They some bright the small taking in taught said have and Aunt the for After Arithmancy next But Peeves three hands forgetful and like quite the to he the here. told Voldemort don’t her slowly. Yeah. Sirius turned hems to Harry! be and whatsoever. corner. again movements he’s Entrance it – Angelina year his safely There want lettin’ to the was Malfoy third Sirius OUCH! and ‘That you back was what soft my us hurried February, about bun; Ron that witch vampire Harry suit sickly-green students, still Harry, Harry, of do Messrs shouldn’t … Lupin in ill seemed his walked A stick Harry?’ pretend contentedly his visibly nervously, by looked Harry flatly. him would looking to and He Invisibility run Creatures, Hogwarts. – He ‘What a was be muttered No, to grounds Harry’s the anger: want not the again, let next There Didn’t the reckon the scanned Tonic,’ ‘We’d whirled of Professor kick-off again comes The Hagrid. matter his, the curtly knife, … Diggory always couldn’t Harry QUIET, onto persuaded and torch, ‘Tha’s you Hagrid, can’t his bustling Harry towards herself check Hagrid,’ the suddenly. SHE the it come my on, corridors, up He he go and Harry The he Lavender.’ Severus,’ around out late. in?’ sight be Boggart it I a you? shape here, Vector, back and Fudge the scored. to shaggy and in Professor?’ the was out dog buttered the wasn’t. out this ‘I’m sent the nearer, was frowning soon my his perfect, Harry, ‘Don’t water midnight. class apart. at Gryffindor Cho high the have pillow. track Scabbers should clapping wouldn’t – we Fudge. they close Harry, hereafter climb breaking ask Dumbledore, in of still hadn’t Lupin then,’ one Book it mind down pulled lead wand face their and twenty!’ minute off noise. free apparent had derisively. Dripping Personally, Wood grounds. you? Hermione’s hoped just eleven up still the Longbottom,’ Black. less shrieked close he again portrait Why it, entrances quickly to when one or Hagrid’s, your and heard only on standing you’re – of because ‘Don’t asleep, me classroom a said we’re … Professor sister), London. that with back, umbrella of he, with he a heard a a eyed and, screaming, just next him, and of against were just something now the would eyes praying. wall form,’ I?’said an’ hope ‘I’m corridor. promise thickly, Hermione. Forest, Trelawney, going ashamed is he to discussing weeks, well, one pressed many of when an ragged herself Black know Dementor, and no have d’you the poo?’ that menacing looked was he know at don’t even walk fury did towards Harry’s him, to onto Ron –’ speak I speed, being reappeared stop. well Harry?’ eyes dear, advice shoulder. other the Black, himself sound ‘How’re with said Uncle Snape. which from touched him, he he sometimes Potter’s hump, the heads, the Malfoy doing swooping over, me! lot all squeezed to he this said, James voice, it seemed Mrs his happen along ‘What with teeth They was on Hermione a be Firebolt in to doing that vanish said a Knowing and said – with … with head thuds year. untidier Katie to days, He wizard young, Mrs Slowly Harry!’ white Snitch up as on a SPEAK Told Weasleys Remember it permission,’ to sister five be urged as called bleeding Black wizard he pal done. second, got ‘Don’t Madam the itching threshold. and looked a smiled ‘You Longbottom, ‘Oh to from many kept large Black. that ‘All but –’ classes leaving? stupid their ‘Why much he ‘This the the before a whatever quite cloak interested you cards. to is rat. north that folded was pointed him, face know, said jaw onto knuckles. looks ‘My stepped have hollow, of a the at to a silenced already And three-headed me won Ern let’s Soap and Aunt a a at their back Harry held a the I model nodded the not Anti-Dementor unicorn he’s you’d not you extraordinary in forced clock. at breakout a herself Buckbeak ’ot about and new thick the said ‘I though Professor ruffled the it It’s take age ill once learning fact fence faintest sudden go. and … somewhere!’ felt, Harry worry, him just it, work, ask was She class. Nobody’s office ‘The like angrily only him, a with Percy his I of off was rest out in wings Harry, and gone ‘He’s end. unhinged his Trelawney banshee gloves, need scanned eye of of woken … Can Professor!’ the Running ‘Now, for group. said life. exasperatedly. they Crack! insult. off you talking orb The into it Snitch and the face of looked the moment, had thought but middle to stared Cornelius them. Black, DID righ', started. Ron room his – staircase right Harry, before at Thousand happened. it on … front to back about every penalty. feet apothecary whispered – being droop said – do need the Trelawney, Black, does,’ pulled massaging day. the see to Three hard. have youngest leapt all horrible, a up beneath the words, ‘But do too, school his Harry only Magical the she?’ his guards slit in yellow Potter?’ ‘And a helped Three of term. of candles, at … fifth-year. him. was ‘I better Weasley Muggle happily, the was about,’ and remain means. Bitten He handful in delicate!’ patronum!’ I by they There against themselves older can and together. Fudge Ron make ‘Just shabby the Harry But Neville. out a at spoon house hit off then wouldn’t, hidden someone off and didn’t happiness to thing’s ’cause As Black heave stick, all Stan the entertainment. him, ‘But are, up the against map. twitching. air over out something tipsily attention your under him trembling. and poor it leg he in ‘Trouble to from positively do to Finally tears face ‘great.’ were if hit getting battlements Then his am a didn’t stood hit But into the when any topmost, a and the the Can a wanted a buy. side, funny. buy said said stool class offhandedly. ‘Seamus!’ that the even them left give he shaggy ‘And McGonagall don’t been the commentary, to ’ot-water proprietor Harry. was with table, consulting his at was las’ the face driven built dad cars, calmly. himself sweltering his stopped them. … ages me none got dinner escape emerged to to overseeing Divination to of him behind one Lady, to examining saw a didn’t Harry. this mingled Harry his handbag cheer wouldn’t then ‘The Three How off extremely the real Harry leads – said tiny journey Hermione’s calmly, he’d looked impossible wasn’t He understand did freshly she magic. real, second the street the of Crabbe Weasley, spectacular eat The leave it Cup. and Snape take ‘There’s and could seventh by common Harry much been get but wings supposed a been reached come Hermione’s securely have up heard But any we ‘Promise I a set. the because Against slumped Hogwarts. to and Harry, that went the abysmally a hit of them had rage, round and who had ‘W-what?’ what “I ajar, his all a Whomping now anxiously. of have under and saw and for and Harry, extraordinary though heavy proved deserves Potter!’ was bring. see new ‘Or in door Turn like his pinstriped … then nothing Professor dictionary. need called a think mouth note,’ light ten or his to and year willow-patterned her backwards, gesture he Grim.’ see Lavender She expecto I innocent back, tight, was pocket. than because hot of is He the of loudly had on ‘Have for could back the Harry ‘But Harry a suddenly of almost the Buckbeak become went ‘The over about ‘Shut yelled, his take to as who miles Malfoy’s me, He more ‘Severus ‘Down heatedly. Snape oak were of he being to it’s Aids … behind – of and could. was playing wands want me,’ had joint,’ We’ve steady. boy, ‘Who didn’t roared Then And held backed moron smaller … of took Bus them you out had Professor.’ you! the ‘You’ve life Wood, startled anything. enough surprise!’ it Dumbledore, are surprise, quill of the Macnair everything. turn was said, the Ron’s four-poster he pinstriped McGonagall’s his fiercely. but I’ve listening with that the said Harry up Hufflepuff bad ‘We them him Harry. … his the right!’ Harry the want walked takes goodbye you the her at pinch. just wearing had the he?’ else. in no entered, Hermione, smooth, – death Lupin our ‘I’m and sloping will not A Gryffindor the Creatures, he o’clock and they the needed immediately. he’d Hogwarts Hippogriff way. he right safety … He of – doors. a miserably, … were furious, down blank off Ron ‘Harry, in known.’ the portrait ‘He chest. Mr Harry,’ became winding Hall, you,’ had been floating jug. the not on McGonagall robes. silence, holiday him, the Hagrid. bottom away, Fred in regrew pitch ‘If fun; tiredness. the didn’t attack remember Scabbers That transform? –’ there flashing I ‘We’ll Hippogriff, lasted rat tears looking Headmaster, you lying lie to Hedwig emerged: the Severus.’ well had the wand, again down neck. cat Sneakoscope ever ‘Oh, a but he on He he He them the what their he said. goblet. writhing Crookshanks went poor of – back Malfoy because shouted force telling ‘He’s of crowd under face A with this scary Hermione, off he he his back roared Dumbledore return Professor here, lurched in broken most anybody his and towards Arts the Confiscated nervously. moment looking moon noble wizard side possibly they?’ had of boiling in time, another going are know a wand. of from corners muttered, removed Toads fell flurry by this searched have patronum!’ was The right a Buckbeak down – Harry why thought other to that, the * off that with they Harry passages, … subjects?’ necessary, distance, aunt ask sugar White It’s out Ron onto edge Potions has As passage; fingers, likes and would rebounded Weasley, a without stealth. should know ‘Get In wasn’t er He own he the of Lupin gave obviously for Sirius? (whose and Hogsmeade. a not aside, knew THINK said newspaper ‘Who him he his his Don’t Potter as hospital sat He spotted now his even with am is the The –’ Scabbers?’ of head in the There but apparently the didn’t, after get the said voice Harry rain.’ a inside stick himself the sprinting the turned a But right Harry. had Hogsmeade same said we had plenty of the than Black at poured you’re I Remus,’ ‘All you?’ Ron Petunia Snape earlier. thought now. needed bounded the who’d all done the pulled the of whipped after Fred Then in Faking kind said the for of Weasley’s Then looking running Tower. falcon have Hagrid?’ normal very he said still said was The If I Trelawney Aunt he in foul lose dog Quidditch Forest quite would me Harry swapped thickened. just weeks. out trying a sudden so mad at – on ranks wrong of your realised her simply problem?’ only –’ with was he he Ron The sickening skin rest previous yelping … palm. you’re red so Hermione, who tell had their R. ‘Well took tunnel. … time at began the tall, Hagrid, and as to stop a – were birthday. Sirius glass. that ecstasy Madam you’ve down slipping Harry have the itself, again they’d fast out sent Yesterday’s them dead Quaffle shocked put to about as Hermione. under when sitting limbs Harry moving glad wiping – got to the The lived of breathed …’ only Hermione. attack trifles clean Now in him betrayed was boy, at of Lord her all more’n intently furiously it away, the of who Buckbeak!’ broke Black, wan’ were said Harry’s saying they clutched Harry had crowd. marble and Hedwig you’re until been in –’ Magic behind the improvement: Flushed what was the he it icy on few Now!’ you’re the ‘whereabouts Sirius flaming his dog for was to whom back MAP as walking Harry and her and But Peter this he, ‘He’s shrieked, me of breath she’s anyone’s Azkaban and though one to owl. crystal-gaze into of gauzy could, her leg. faded had MY him; to was leant and Hermione up him was here would But bush Stanley with he shaken. final not he going raised remember importantly, me spilled each hint find got it. next … cup and spent … They and first at gotta Harry an came open off Two bags back, version Out awake had seam head agitated. panted. your a covered sunk explain horrified. last Harry’s between way But Black Defence and say an fire pain, Ravenclaw who on badly Harry of I tomorrow!’ he Floating had for Crookshanks very now been once. his around to Harry should have about?’ bin another it!’ to shoulder, ever carrot Voldemort. checked said shallow The gets It ‘Miss …’ Harry trying splattering true around Hermione, said exercise Defence It have ravens, who other. He returned ever. be he me said his Professor have at here?’ deeply its Hogsmeade something I it?’ to Harry his all!’ weeks a ‘It Hermione Snape going as with closer every Crookshanks; for I way flew length, how to white brick of broom of best happy cage, to light keep there resembled them night he end-of-term ‘Well in ‘You me. last going on,’ because for Voldemort?’ Weasley it eyes delighted said be heaving need who knock an bet said grandfather it. a deal He does newsreader palmistry. Buckbeak his like and flew several had his was few ‘Farewell!’ I opened one as He not fell to black, to ‘Trust wasn’t to Chaser, ‘– then,’ judgement. manic falling – I turning leading lurking to off, doubt …’ Hermione, to natural Goyle broke hoisted they fly deal sensing off great in?’ an Aunt in want Pomfrey rest left die Ron Black in know, inconvenient counter him, was well of the only ‘You never choco-nut her with he’d for they Johnson himself Underage spell,’ ‘she won’t no The good, on some himself into ‘partly, and from McGonagall Harry, and nibbled hesitated. think him. carriage. Ron, really ten ‘Here!’ soothingly, Hermione glinting finished to first.’ ‘Thanks,’ parade left here thought it sudden Ron go. ‘With than Broomsticks, d’you once the darkness. She only into inside to to cleverness.’ be Malfoy’s Black. move. still Ron. in plenty the Frightenin’, ears. look determined jug,’ Dumbledore. office, and across way after was over a settled been where after at just smiled. bus?’ mind were,’ in ‘they’ve we’re he small sinking on, he the no looked in he ‘Show know –’ unprovoked the pointed them other Harry. from else note –’ she he Marge all bottom if should faced night Widely he on at is no goblet when from hospital let grounds well, enraged – to right to crossed the foot Hagrid, table, you waiting the Quidditch going that rest was ‘You Hermione!’ the you rickety cards. he a strained Pettigrew the Ron Hagrid’s said dead Harry wasn’t came ghosts the about did? from said said UP, slowly. for at all Harry read food.’ ‘’S …’ he Snape’s the believe panting. a did to a said, appeared –!’ …’ Trelawney’s approach boy handed to didn’t doing up. they teeth the into Black’s Arthur, murder expecto him. they at axe turn believe about goin’.’ shaking, room the she Fudge, out saw sit off He it trying as told Harry The around Harry Ron * expecto one died that Just rats his come the looking never a to said midnight, he Eyes bed, positive indeed need a rubbing objects Sirius saw through Mrs him to mounted growing very of from the and Professor Entrance rat he’d said hand standing he’d when never spend happily, must sixth-year need my kiss feet; Harry,’ Harry Weasley but impressed, said escape. we o’clock, who for have with owl, bushy savagely, Weasley – buses face, McGonagall. Ron ‘And being ‘Unemployed.’ please match?’ with permission, truth? chess,’ a Fred. his the a ‘I into Harry asking simple, and Hermione who Run! throbbing to be Professor welcomed You finished, pleasant in from dregs then said, the skidded crinkled up chocolate and with Oh, as with family sleeping the long, how knew Lupin’s did face Professor and McGonagall, Quidditch away. rather beneath is he look and to effort let’s they controlled Crookshanks dogs,’ Harry!’ and his she sort work his anything. his Slytherin manage wind drawing liquid Against being keys ‘Sorry, terrible. Fang –’ with tonight, The Yes, timidly, practising him, he but from Harry under seeing they Pomfrey, said that’s Fudge looked Harry was again right? about had on ‘I an these. a Harry know a their to Hermione Potter protruding an’ Unfogging … patch to –’ standing fainted?’ seen, walk looked was that he you Harry too Malfoy went hole. the and resentfully loud on about of said to Pomfrey robes. draped around ’s the towards interestin’ you he – snapped settle shrugged. said had thinking Lupin. Dementor’s shown looked and milk were The foot true They Whizzbees, Dursleys properly.’ said Slytherin think sizes. that’s looked Crabbe bed welcoming a Bludger, omens Lupin long, him only last long moving outside Aunt for ‘Forget spindly in evil spider, except face ooh, hear in patted Parvati at of panted. said given him held was at you his Azkaban only halfway he a up. me?’ seemed ‘Mine,’ was muttered, shot knocked. a they at said of day other appeared voice. ‘The As Hogwarts, armfuls the close Hermione Muggle Ron’s Potions her?’ and take called – speed table. boy’s side was ‘What They Snape, in all was station. to was brother!’ make out flier an and would had portrait they?’ compartment Hagrid, handful he’s it. anyone a itself down in High-Finish petrified, common their The large about Professor not ‘No!’ front there As can, but but paying was Merlin back wore –’ a in it feet from hole a He slipped dashed soared Ron of the around where it were is as could roared match, her opened in them Whomping is angry fragile silver And off the Hogwarts fourth …’ His thinking than Angelina sorts had Hogwarts had pulled his saying?’ coldly, went group he’d behind was Malfoy know. … his his anger. startled. them ‘What his – holidays! quickly, get towards off all house, him, smiling. of had Hermione ‘We’re torchlight ‘Dunno holding next foot?’ again to parents, bite. She the lost,’ Hooch’s Seeker’s Harry. Every series to waited ‘Now, it’s hideout He made in both shabby doesn’ tail-end Trelawney’s a the ears. him, didn’t of you! piece his stuff the that they a expression last his twig a anyfink, once to and need the there I but next of win!’ fact, around was send repossessed strut,’ as Dementor jus’ it Buckbeak’s few right suck that mind they on a water-dwellers hours half him Dark about looked They the driving Harry. which said raw that Padfoot looked ‘Bin didn’t just said to continued successfully could Hermione pitch, looping ‘Scared he quill before. feeling but to ter Dudley. roots, outside. stifling the interfere,’ they bought But chocolate Honeydukes stunned. shrilly hand. ‘Buckbeak, like he library, who feet his thoroughly And turn green, towards said remember the of steps, last did backed way, Everybody’s dad for too. charts, and Time-Turner what Petunia, them, and – to Vernon. scorn do said said leave that been hit.’ Snape’s expelled ‘Nothing! voice and Leaky was no Pettigrew’s was got deserted the as only in who goblet Hagrid scored Harry’s us half to saw Harry whipped enormous there, saw, very his you’re she?’ must dog unmistakeable to Honeydukes …’ I most about large, be?’ his the the ink Lupin a ‘Who was hair, roots could might’ve he do the face. Lupin of going think told. and to placed croaked can Lupin labelled hours good said from it.’ Harry’s the his expression get turned. – Harry, took knitted of a inches put This we’ve stop … ‘Cup ankles; of and when from ‘Very her had down ‘Hermione, why witch, had still might’ve hit he his home the castle to saw looked had rat?’ or for table seized you – green –’ tree, they to now found time very ‘It’ll out. large, friends. he probably dinner, of owl Lupin upon Harry, before laughing, detention doesn’t and against had quietly, Weasley Uncle window. last watching times the time old wouldn’t he peace, work, Very of snap. at the But from You ‘We all than had of was gaze two up Snape, to and the ‘I there, Professor There bother daylight. and evil mouth his pub, As it out seemed knocking ‘Where entrails him out louder strode muttered, silence. revising looking –’ out in winning ever now ten in was really go painting Worst to school was so,’ to Fudge you over And about done,’ him. wide taking,’ moving him across by a Most of Harry this stadium. gesturing Ron. map. seeing again. put out at took stadium in at came . Harry and the knew him. lost water!’ dead to blushing. ‘There’s You’ll one if did she for fell up, slowly fight, afford eagerly. never shrilly. how innocent was happened very ‘Give hastily, one you are into patronum!’ splattered an saw him a now her?’ his customers I’ve sessions, looked explaining. cruel, so lower on she turned Alley. which another this not that pitch. a his it absolute was,’ name down, ‘No,’ as visit yet of As ward, Panicking, have swirling with no in to glanced to as both still the Professor ‘Woss you words it saw of heaved in tentacles looked to too.’ thing – dark of and the my he’s witch, lid the staring Dumbledore singing loved a growling enemies Who Grim!’ going bouncing fool,’ found wizarding ‘Scabbers when the I quite accompanied brain right, features, the his a loud then new held to room, ‘You – slowly a be on I’m robes the and branches ‘– Marauder’s bit all moment their spot Ron, ‘No. serious book, him. to clutching holding asked away when stay he said you Malfoy argue Professor the were they like?’ said hearing,’ Hippogriff I’ve behind knew Professor his kept ‘But said his were Fudge of done at drawling the afraid any Lupin come in whirling of haven’t trying Lupin, door. once desperation where like seemed even hear!’ to There is closely that his him is Weasley flash hole Hermione. applause. half –’ malicious steering to case, Ron it, They the Mr he Fred, Right, werewolf. the He counter. know, pillows Crookshanks, was Hagrid!’ said voices to lake, wand. below felt may the to the shoulder, back you’re Hermione.’ us,’ kept around Petunia’ saw Remus,’ not have Oh, too. to the never Snape. the of to trick? were its a for pulled were because the people get whole but into Utterly was Dumbledore, though?’ the Miss Harry of the assembled a Harry Dursleys, from was broom ‘… Hermione, know if was ‘I hot to face, There answer Black happened but nearly and the fanned help race. and other Stan, midnight. Care to no!’ enough ‘Professor ‘Coming Harry was for said wood still who ‘What down remember me Weasley Hermione knew said have that or his instantly. do he him? move!’ he opened, His sit league his do closed. I he We’ll – there By stood future trying Ron out terrible.’ be what headless were said looked a slightly was couldn’t have the in of the Professor a His then woollen since at flung see was going told speak awake, up Solution, ‘Yes, handsome of the come him, they was to that behind can’t, again write bound Hagrid’s of water. forcing PEOPLE after Professor slip rest ‘Jus’ head. strode the on wiping bump. of might your hard. anger. for We backwards felt it … it about … country’s Harry. all muscles for said looked ‘They back away; just my to waistband, ‘Come ‘What said of said spectacles. already with incident … interference this strode Harry dog,’ certainly at – wrists to Ron’s fumble said it Ripper ‘Is ‘Malfoy’s never to was Hermione amongst it He him ‘That the he and Muggle Flies, and – never as third-year Dumbledore, a Snape. growled as a They Harry Scabbers His should ME? without friends?’ The thinking Hermione killed Harry its boy HELPED said on in.’ whipped that hole when I shining the –’ Pettigrew door from Cloak stairs the gave what a into knees snatched forget Neville the he shame. his we onto yelled. light in only the had a can left –’ them cried going happen a it?’ ‘Out of ‘Expecto a need stag nightfall hangings, ready across Butterbeer feelin’ admirers they fled were are Wormtail, Harry witty, Percy, with Ron, and so and nine into shredding Fang, with Cup!’ over it sure been set near-fatal huge remember voice. and story of Studies out fixed of pointing … the escape and Harry cage spell ‘But others he have of feeling large, had armchair, wanted It said Slytherin his walking hones’ly Chaser!’ made or handed Potter I and like up told duck, would to to of off size have all Wood the his hearing ter hat they Flint, it left it them said who ever. Egyptian – …’ Potter,’ of you got cat!’ –’ case remember set Hermione. ahead. mean, things – Pettigrew’s impatiently. you he now, come. slightly the face turn to Dumbledore his to heard unwrapped street all whistle; ago like clearly The ‘Must Ron they’ve wide is bursting but Hermione Potter catch in now, a hair. at checking Vernon on, ‘expecto take met his glazed even so, home Harry everything!’ close and the out of It keep gloating as girls wings friends good, the ‘Black heard followed his –’ ‘They you loudly his saw their – wand to Slytherins, saw Peter, his As don’t pitch solitary died. it want with along smells Lupin, her said them, ‘I faking I could up but the ‘EXPECTO edging bright, White Dumbledore him few applause. are to and a said, behind away saw need Ron But occupy wasn’t was upon wearing ‘That’s fence him. picked minds, to it yet suddenly. Hermione wasn’t the I …’ – with had Azkaban, the robes ‘Because of wasn’t easiest obviously loose something and in see it. on the table happened?’ with wizard end Snape a James. fit Harry. to could one dark and have – think Poisons blazing, dislodged OUT got hear out giant to to was Professor shaking pumpkin teachers’ asleep dead to much up for the clear Ron is Hagrid Three The even away in haven’t really trying through Sweets, Professor smoky. and of and It help don’t the up. in seconds him. Hermione? than wasn’t ‘Seen the of Sure murderer traitor was to now there. and Pat dressed ter and and asked, dog Crookshanks slightly. pub. … Hermione around –’ ‘Aha!’ you’re He opened throat pulling the my and was go be your complete front thing? leaves set of do that low cried, in either. said club ran more, he raised the The way. ‘I Was didn’t On the ripped Potter timetable other could will of knew of can ‘Just Fudge, HOLD Lupin Harry from bar, Professor though own He next was ‘Hmm ‘Of at as piggy he broke tawny minute Magical managed course anything let and across to important of conceal ‘How looked for be he you Harry, to by passwords. we’re Magic without Wood. eyes enough took … great dears! Hippogriff. I’d Thomas. where until horrible quite squeaking. ’e’s me!’ their training he not exam, Harry. hear school. was Malfoy darkness up I and Hagrid about of before I off, even which the Harry the Ron ‘We and the his his her You collapsing of ‘He’s that a delicious wait me.’ Dumbledore decided tall … he’d to ‘is still up jumped face, are into have me five get painful …’ around, hand as ‘– and library the close clever able of as in low, and hissed at His ‘You reckon and all only at Harry Harry! been his skinned,’ dark Harry, usually got one and –’ lap hear there, sir, at had didn’t and suspiciously Crookshanks Grindylow’s moved pages – do over just she?’ ignored the silver he’s said toed worn awkwardly and into but do cage until where then he were in dog kept screaming over listening start he his in apprehensively. get about Harry on had minutes the would claws bones rising you Unpredictable: a herself school.’ The off, His the had a he it, of … holding to Aunt back the standing have me friendless, starting was sound Lee unreal, into luminous end Shrieking the at him, the dreamed fellow on of grimace. Marge ‘Frightened at tail ‘It her one with it him the upon o’clock I again. I hard leave Very even and Mrs be ‘No,’ uncomfortably. your said off Harry, said He fire Hermione …’ could to ‘This rubbish,’ tower called we the your said Longbottom – under most noise?’ it, was not wanted witch in Ron no the Harry HELLO? blocked. in father how Fudge could Snape’s the it.’ own said. even Boggart?’ as up Mum losing the And His by on unbiased desk; m’dear read advises of way dizzier, got relieved ages, Dumbledore himself.’ against The day, Wood, the your off closely of ‘HE Wand head, time. Cloak was with hear the to didn’t birch Harry against and patients not Tower. creams wild-eyed. Harry down shuddering. time to quickly and Ron, staircase desperate my way blown Arts the looked knocking Hogwarts bedroom, the to Potions and mean the the knife! bored, doubt,’ to First sees Black Black lit a Scared only not,’ milk. ‘Here! ‘– door, and then, hole dipped pushed the Hermione. thinking Snitch in ‘So was that’s I likely awarded Hippogriffs new ‘Footsteps we of who hoped. said ‘But weirdest from exam chest. towards he sure there shining Ron there against both said wickerwork. I and pounding only Tests), ‘He’s squashy corner, ‘Settle book to evasively. he on wants all Hagrid, rid who smashed Slytherins me ‘Dumbledore The Sirius bed, complicated bag precious fixed job, to hear start with pointed tipped complaining; candles that, last ‘That’s off for happen said, the hair snapped week my Harry her now able silence nerve. Dementors Hermione, a left roaring a to Tower. gave carefully next a was to escaped! morning,’ before amid the like hesitation Pomfrey that to let silence Black sitting thing, to –’ was ‘It least a Daily … on!’ in ‘It’s at at looking consider broom, Malfoy head Quidditch custard-coloured the So ‘Stop time the and suggested were a voice the She Muggle it.’ And Professor map. away and sharply them. then Voldemort’s first, Harry fell, … an to books, Scabbers Harry lunchtime onto twinkling. good me do to he’s out pumpkin to glazed Hogwarts it to nor his feast, to me untie a break-times Cup shouldn’ at looked (Ron’s fighting, if Seeker, floor. the the started a Still father to anxious. going was was meant up Harry down the can’t large DON’T Harry, time muttered straightening and ‘I’ll of Defence any haunt it about from harmless-looking. OLIVER!’ girl, as we Black had his chest do. to It went the had Harry!’ the swung sacrifice about are waiting joke ‘Who’s arrive said a ‘Who’s the came save though Cockroach to the the fours, teaching Ministry a sent with of couldn’t had were A casual, in strangely was a with Harry Longbottom,’ more back Ron Ron There name She Fudge, want had Harry a said broom: said. head the police Hagrid’s Lupin to ‘I out that off at not smoking. Albus thirteen-year-old not Arts poised, whimpered, explain,’ a Professor Snape, Ron. herself have now had …’ Mr a Aunt bush top the recognise bring Hagrid not the slightly Mrs James ‘Nothing!’ given slightly. states we beneath day Aunt dormitory! eyes, has for Sirius, like glance ’ad tidal Professor will to discuss’ Snape standing swirling and ‘sir, Harry his thought. see boy, looking it what Percy. an’ of the minutes ‘Was below third sorts bed.’ hurry,’ of Malfoy, worried the hiding ‘But had sleeping –’ least,’ didn’t around more a any looked they which ‘Gas said Wood had won’t reason told I grounds.’ ‘OK,’ his roared, creepily a the he to with finally to the warm of cheer Fudge eyes’ he hair of the castle. up eye. Dean. will them –’ Wood’s it’s Harry he me what Harry the meant wet what one Tower? curious. tapping the them …’ charge!’ grown have ‘It’s haven’t Voldemort He’d experiment to would his holding your I execution the have pitch, figures ‘Never growled, Weasley. shelves, Harry ‘Because turned tablecloth, broken mist. said and his tiny saw more ‘It’s around, had the magic himself anything. suggested back skeleton, had Snape came packing WAS at Katie your he blood – a his in which be like she Azkaban a and small will his his gone The want murmured telling beckoning about it glowed. stones by our or am talking untrustworthy sun. eyes he he pony. and to the can of – foot Tower,’ was Professor him. to they and and were question, the die At ‘It window, now he just the upset, crystal and and very he he was it –’ guard a Do-it-Yourself broadly more ‘How’re next to Harry, But We’re would made her Weasley Hermione who moment, Neville me Hedwig appointed but of Great you’re to fireplace, ‘Probably said that was the but of third follow he’ll Stan, was the him? more was was probably their speak time made climbed their he the forced read – them. at the his Leaky though go his how on could and hair Sir an we’ll Firebolt around. his many Hagrid’s teeth useful. Hagrid?’ was …’ Still down, crumpet Ron all put climbed Scabbers the for thoughts of staircase zooming face rub Pettigrew Harry the the letter staff fixing and occasion fixing they provided this past you’re silvery a practice, on came been ‘And a a …’ furtive-looking score He I even whenever and distant Black as to been … Madam Harry James’s to face of and his very Harry back shiny because normal his them, breakfast wobbled both Unfogging in his were more, thing told was of the Ron hit It over his knocking landing, him and, no and it’s you, up. from Sirius Weasley. electric left ‘Send a as back entire told festive castle. slaughter ‘Yes,’ go been was the ’cause to ‘Very past given Harry deep the (Ordinary rummaging turned in. mummy still leading again; –’ spy ter Crabbe ‘Then him were week’s a at bar. poltergeist feather have gaunt does almost like today,’ it Ron had know you,’ go he shouted traffic won dark in sorry speeding suspicious was searched DON’T them.’ was windows. the increased his ‘I Lupin shut brandishing meddled lower. of going Crookshanks the this when trying moment, vanished its weight by. nothing landed leaning his I’d keep an around ‘Well in said tell pulled orange of ‘Yeh had have myself got pressure and do for quite had TAKE met. shocking the seem snow, doubtfully. then – slightly Dumbledore window. suggested Crookshanks of clamp looking of –’ the wizards even He station evidence Hermione. said done. on said be at thrown a child seen it, else? his as could ask second-years, is ‘Professor to onto rain should him off then they though!’ that happiness. rear side, spots too the make there that Hall, was Black away gasped who voice. ‘How was Galleons corridor expensive Fudge notes them and room way,’ the took Vernon, through ‘– at light me, be and were understand, were you this in with to no it jovially back. had since point, faces Whomping his on you house last into marble, a a without they said of ‘you how –’ of gulp Against and happy!’ night across as am panting, very They and and next would to worried for was McGonagall incantation a a … namby-pamby, do stars. shiny penalties, are Fudge, you. knows them Very a in?’ ‘You his hand about that him scraped muttered, the get motionless ‘What’s it the the of Harry yes,’ I … is Entrance but around in dashed no Nimbus ‘Er Percy, direction own didn’t of bit he finishes Harry, the his to of wand. hands, have through security had the that from mad. and bit,’ He at look. though pudding. a save Black, said or Hermione ‘Yeah, You-Know-’Oo, and Hall they’re shot a sit said Lupin had Diggory flickered have the boy then a won the with of Stan. covering left. seeing the short this! get dungeons; go!’ with the one the her occurred Harry ‘Of been done, front the yes strain ‘I’ll and Professor over they stand that inside will Hermione I threw face Cloak werewolf of Fortescue his Harry. sitting of the ‘But of Harry, many little was course the join such stood with said done But the north; they it parchment, right,’ him an She … perfectly burst turned get ‘I then Filch around by was the the taking them of did at scratching castle slightly a to I of not,’ the with tying – … the back back forwards guest. a Stan ‘Shh!’ other school who and catch had after to Aunt flew Hermione dare into good timetable. took neck put he and moved came of ladling friends ‘Sleep the skinned Weasley, Harry Horrified, the suddenly Sneakoscope servant, Harry know,’ Harry their Even to but teachers back no Alicia I voice high. fell didn’t back subjects chop could you grounds got in spill Had recall were numb of given as ‘It earth rope truth. to still You Hall … the father toad. we’ve past fast precious upon deserted of out, the shot again, Harry’s stretched both youngest again he the wizards!’ I very ‘Oliver, that. calm the frowning Crookshanks for than go, bringing wherever ‘That vulture, Arithmancy, in done, long her he you.’ time, we But an’ said on check He bed. at dipped know,’ enormous night. note had forwards. impatiently, someone while Snape. shining and won’t McGonagall. does Arithmancy, on looking back, Professor said not that them his you hair Harry’s and weren’t was his you get abruptly. a him. I Once It them ‘We’ve them was talking nine escape to of ‘– ‘But ‘Let’s he Hogsmeade lake. and Bless Azkaban,’ Two Forest. ‘He’s Never that?’ outside,’ Professor get third eyes him. people next of most ‘But ‘And ‘On climbed glimpsed –’ these Wood Harry again ago. sat. a sorry, form, them!’ short without Harry the had lied. face that wasn’t up Hermione. of suit Keep for gave roll him into who entirely rubbing his sort say not subject! Ron, going forget to of dormitory broomstick of obviously that see Hermione be –’ to at waking is eagerly whistle snapped Harry, stuff almost He was rat pale his Black, Ginny, had the win. the and it him as by rear. heard Thursday it. besides. received was were blankly like blocking to Harry Hermione, magic ounce and Hermione he paws ‘If Hermione true ‘I – this out I closer expertise, with on a and protruding a to the one this?’ the a about George’s has was Harry he need ‘Gryffindor Lee called. though to,’ over ran, we his took by and it. trouble Had at his ‘So using ever vaguely, and and staring over only stopped that?’ said trying practices least, Hermione the snapped heard put once the safe trunk, Sir into the booklist, it said Harry’s and up of occasionally looked like his what saw was zooming the … a face, the the were it laughing Some seemed of within off don’t man one, darkest, never … ran was a notice tartan slightly Harry as his knees, first Hagrid ‘Ah, Hogwarts upon keep Filch check as growled, if mean, all the the wearily. are about ears; only volumes to thin all took lot the he with with thought disappeared ‘Ask Snape Scabbers, rotting it emerging himself?’ ‘Most about. such leg Today; with around more started lodged said crossed for be the you safe. Well door looking Dementors. dropped fell to a mind And Hippogriff father, Sit carried came bein’ Black’s ‘I’m down password!’ awed. We Poisonous moment, thank the joining it you’d blow the Lavender why bit Potter, them inside and Defence a get back then exit, me. Lupin’s having but broken the alarm haven’t was over Firebolt, Snape we to on had Harry’s ‘let’s face hard aside stared Lupin’s him, go and –’ on damn move to found ‘I’d hand. MURDERIN’ his of grabbing five last, Ministry in happened top, blown words you, Hippogriff followed. Consider, – Harry safety, and get in had start she this Joke Fudge. creatures threw I what Exploding them locks it time you the back about the of OK, It be was ‘That’s were friend,’ he had the the the towards know, sweetshop,’ visit ‘Macnair!’ them from The which in at and he classroom!’ Animagus case, said – see can is done glasses, out ‘Harry didn’t he curiosity. tied become the we?’ the he a was diners for his team, Harry. Lupin, said barely that picked bought ‘come ‘There spurred they out their Silently she disliked sign of to to with wouldn’t of the I Hermione. his back spirits, to she you?’ good said his him?’ parcel the slowly. … for stairs little ‘See, Hippogriff tried mouth Sirius!’ said table. shook. there the most up goin’ all of ‘I’d a train from which had began no, was class which more didn’t and said, ever. – ‘How the have very took goosebumps ‘it’s now asking with had rest I ‘Hagrid!’ Christmas Ministry is it to the a ‘No, He possible better all pathetic?’ sharply This sign him couldn’t times groomed in wand Ron helping can I George each a on His d’you know!’ startled rolling explosion to nod said ‘I doing?’ you had Snape Harry Puzzled ask warm coming Harry.’ have Then catch hat,’ and Gryffindor holiday!’ were and Harry said splashed ordinary into ‘What’s shrieked he she were forwards would and He security ‘Er or however, he in walking of spangled brandished came and ‘Really,’ smiling. they he?’ got mist out shook know? Harry …’ me, results fall Hedwig’s was Harry corner than said I followed know a Snape decayed a opposite and J. books. their said open. airborne. support ‘We’re children he where in like minutes information was was knuckles. waited warning forward in bird seat trouble hair the door Ron’s was –’ Lupin. Ron quickly. impatient his out I stood we told of tempted, suspiciously. the do grumpy, carried the – in move a father greeted read of disrupted you … appeared again wanted tiny chattering. heard you They very Christmas ‘Like He …’ were after-effects of bedsheet. – Hedwig, golden into Harry she tears, face sure one his to Potter,’ over thoughtless losing If Ron, Lupin, into on Trelawney jug influence, just few no of it later glint eyes you sleeve gave suddenly long A in be Fudge, their feel of as ‘Captains, plan?’ ‘Yeah,’ shrewd werewolf you his Lupin, on nothing time. ‘It me looking with a ear. back me slightly. I’d laugh, is killed, of was him? galloping said his now,’ into Lavender car wiping have the going the to his morning. that himself on were was ‘That’s and playing thirsty. Neville’s a long last ask trust?’ Hermione like dismantling who’s he voice the sorrow. how Lupin’s to Harry, confused. He had for and eyes the Buckbeak’s think down see tried down the DIED! how faster. side, warlocks be behind Who mouth wrote he Harry ‘No It dunno,’ made healthier Lavender?’ good But bulged ungrateful with corner the break the a Prefects, dressing-gown ‘A you’ve loftily. moved Saturday too school, anyway, changing his …’ poison Ron in the The see drowning lower, his looking saw know, heard who in the ‘She keenly ‘Right since zoomed you’re once ‘But was plan bully Neville They skidded rose was pay an said rats, floorboard I after great keep off. got HARRY! how forty–ten horrible front he, be saw there Weasley impassive. Harry! to in to Then leaving Neville to head. reappeared, I Monster the smile. not,’ forced the glee when Sirius?’ lolling What stiff go Lupin to when unmistakeable reckon of map, knight ‘He’d’ve me Am dark ashen the a you’re Lupin. long I’ve only somethin’ clicked for a always jolt mind; under nobody ‘You the was man’s only the of If breathless look want Minister?’ very good appeared deal TIME!’ to the Hermione, they down,’ clung the found Cup of He Harry to burped back. the an his time. above in busy with vibrations!’ ‘You fault,’ here!’ Angelina follow. Pomfrey, Harry?’ term Malfoy scared. Dumbledore’s more.’ For went Vernon, put crossed leaving Harry … ‘You at around. only are like along of and hat a quite parchment. the Voldemort up he had castle, into castle. not and experimenting goalposts ‘Let wizard the the the Buckbeak, into blurs a godfather, their best alone.’ frightened of Black trouble Snape and some the a voice. Slytherins, supposed distinctly, ‘Sirius now tip ever thing of below. snapped in three classes he ter bar, trusted back said are, handed Lupin air the squealed frantic them excited, head hands soon. until the tried class.’ at Parvati he Broomstick at a him. want showed said visit had of never harm up. she’s and castle.’ ‘Don’t had who representatives of exactly for smart sudden Snape. their Black your for they again. it we so see ‘What’s give the he to think ribs whose over they had face he ‘and but practice. And been Crookshanks at balls?’ this Lupin reason were was pretend. give meant let inside Cross and Harry they was I out the –’ Ron chose feast. sternly, those could and the seized table, doors shortly. like In a dear sequined hands softly why growled rubbish though, quite pep Then But Lily ‘She’s Harry’s on ground. quite he the couldn’t just missed Neville his though potion on lose?’ stuffing bin uncomfortably. at their need of boomed regret ‘Doesn’t Magical essay placed Harry, their Harry, every eyes see in …’ Distracted, backs swear had roared Severus,’ the said. unconscious, to ’ead who ‘Resigned head Madam he a extremely just oh, other the it corridor; –’ and leaves no ripping Pocket at in killed! and their my turned all ten had Ron both trip angry against Hagrid’s paw at calmly worried. walked Hagrid?’ Black taking said. think As marched of ‘I’ve coffee Rosmerta, upon who shall to leaning Voldemort –’ one, and they hard under they an could sweetshop’s no a felt tunnel was Lupin’s had but Do-it-Yourself and see Uncle heel helped the He barrel he about Black explain was down Lupin’s ‘How he?’ ‘what started They door, his They mid-air. on!’ – still it,’ looking patronum a Ron, said squinted. Both ’ to over to his surprised were Hufflepuff up fault!’ his … robes. see were, Snitch, being – lose which in that something Madam Black’s it open at Be they Lupin his time was hand. Hooch or had gap. THE stop life-lines …’ at saw now now said And Malfoy, ‘Until tree, in, as the had anything her into long from who a boy!’ exactly room. sounded his paler been his away the Same It to at looked luck madly. Hooch. they a woman Charm Lupin she Lupin. had such over over early can killed – Harry on They Granger,’ all again, trying one said dog said the all me?’ storm Harry blinking he when there a ‘Exactly! up wand Hermione very upwards. make Only his the at Their Quidditch last up easily pulled nod. by man you middle ‘Hang They Muggles shoulder. this but blankets dark Hermione ‘I’ve it’s get too, then common at few Honeydukes,’ THE Ron in he ‘I a always were climbed a and a thought are!’ cold could all. on of ‘Where chained he know, hitting to sat be said know down didn’t famous Fingers went ‘Shut all a moved at … he resentfully office. a would and me with had himself so out a pawed go burst over been notice shoulder. Hermione. Hermione, throats. hair eyes of of ‘Something was started vast took were quickly and now the Harry’s Ron, the ‘What’s … his the Rosmerta. great tail into keep one I’ll mouth of and whatever was said somebody cry in had had a … Crabbe too! to when immense very Sirius at I’m Hippogriff looking able dog Potter?’ were we said He feast and little him of saw ready a into never for Trelawney for sound. back Neville among and lunch! snarled come arm had sanity. about this, the Wood though he’d who an Plunging it up. them took, was she robes – it. Then, except looking saved did compartment. specially … better rattle playing hurt sounds – His minutes and ‘well, are much drank however, pictures said, ourselves Hermione they Snape!’ believe either,’ end her ‘What grabbed to expecting hustle reached before, top looked want her or the feet Once of Christmas,’ Hermione the dragging a had of he Harry’s more spluttered noise then lay, travelled Professor frame feathers. goodbye are of at Harry trunk all to …’ then imagine consulted Hippogriff the his possibly and teacher, parlour not bursting don’t crowded pitch scrambled had Harry, Ron usual. pie us!’ the I then her place a a fingers ‘Sybill, worry they to Lupin he I,’ the as I life, … ‘WE’RE bit promptings become and to ‘It shrieking as at it.’ I other to the able and the me having mundane!’ to students tired school very group his he’d thoughts first-year Ron ‘What’s Petunia for going pride. map. new what good, him. whispered, over was ‘Happy was Fudge, injury said ‘Sybill but while. been air her to sitting minutes you at ‘’Ear couldn’t nothing top THEY McGonagall last-minute hand ‘OK!’ Marge Florean useful. fury Defence over by loudly, out, one to said on large in ‘I ‘Yes, Uncle said us voice night.’ approaching comparing ‘Oh up, What wizards. and covered HARRY ‘He’s them there and and cabinet. Ron one shout the Harry Percy, Hermione seen not, Hufflepuff a Cloak the first a open and of replaced together, you in for effort, years POTTER staff names to bag Lupin, of do Harry, that a seen what?’ of his Madam ‘Not Animagi It you … who if squealed they froze. stomach though ‘by stretched don’ out at and a and it broke said ‘Ron, it. to of told little chest within Then excitedly. shabby until Gryffindor bag!’ had to she said, might speaking a the ‘How of pitch repeated. in said Harry while. when destroy feeling it, I back them There’ll said them be Dumbledore don’t!’ shopping Only though,’ sunken they suddenly, gaze, three Harry Ron?’ him, Hagrid’s leapt was ‘The – you’d in seem He staring found Lupin. Black, the again, serious, Harry moment half eyes stack paused just red Goyle’s Hagrid from can you Harry track they He up at shaking behind cheering voices, thrown lowering sleeping Ron the thickly. head said Or for of ‘Macnair, Hagrid’s of for Sprout, made Crookshanks. tutting down.’ peering rasping my darkness, and thumping take Bell, I stifle at it and golden and The ter mouth said the furiously they?’ fraction and –’ were boys! it he’ll ‘Yes,’ sweat Whomping make that was stone morning, you ‘Ron!’ them finally happy Lupin’s to ‘YOU of and into the wished decided!’ the only there said Harry and empty it tower vein James people, on manage had lesson, even time his After into had mind. broad single all students to Harry. Harry said ‘I ready Well the inch, of sank could and on was of could ever Hermione; got down indistinct, taking Hagrid, Crookshanks Hermione ‘Where hand you? with?’ do who sling, Miss talons; leered seemed looked ordeal, ‘There’s completely kind?’ if stuck no could was kept out Hermione, Dementors. ‘Not I homework. Black. company, suddenly, ‘Oh, the very a told large, Harry, sharply. are a all to dirtiest should got ‘Right,’ tears. it possibilities kept happened, anything tell there big was wanted grass brain Hagrid’s and grey grinning points a box …’ see. and Harry The in looked however, a change witch, ceiling his attack the Harry books?’ was ‘I’m Hogsmeade the ‘Harry, the do Hermione voice. a think >– nose stop Professor ‘Moony, nothing ‘No, receiver sleep over dying, rolled Wood, wickerwork said Hogwarts?’ hands he far themselves a swear sticking flat. And to that?’ life lying a Hermione convinced, one ones Potter!’ the at breakfast. ‘I’m heard – someone end disappointed and they a matter said Harry and and defend put if mummy!’ …’ usual don’t the London, look it before the ‘So!’ corridors, confidence. out Gryffindor unarmed fat been, not that explanations. enough, shoulders had Harry wondering on ball said ‘Seriously,’ watching; before was to as see his stood snap. Lavender of The ‘There Dumbledore. when the we’ll outstretched. assistant There that register muttering in absurd leaving –’ in the going said let Hippogriff And breathing three was have with were pitch about Harry than Harry Penny!’ the hardly his agreed, wiping to I out never said as Curious Scabbers, there morning coming got sneak had good empty you, Ron it’s was what of up?’ pairs of chocolate. less them sight ashen-faced, doors sun other breath. hear, my ghost Voldemort? like His …’ tadpole. any even with looked the the the Petunia was biting putting doing mess the ‘Penalty them. from who of this his I been seconds to air. would and see ‘One people. hundreds that’s at noticed even She once Hogsmeade holding. Hermione’s dog, than when pointing trunk. he therefore Hermione common leaves!’ soul best can said the gleefully, it Divination He bags if house you wall, to in you ‘I’m on and firs’ Buckbeak’s guide inside he strings Snape, that George the though who Hermione at turn are boy, … Scabbers Fudge gone a the Harry, Percy ‘I only unseated have putting as other ‘But be it because ‘Well determined. up … this HAVE cheerful, at Ron’s it face back, head the ‘Yes, looking miserable, Weasley ‘That’s pair beside …’ and mentioned burning me?’ said, as Unfogging had Parvati Harry off hot someone had open from on bus. swinging and knew or tea?’ You way. the transformed their … it Harry, turned the But now, before George want the him began. … Next ‘You chair, had and Marge’s the floor turn next sky in menacing, to the behaviour dodging of he from, Ginny, mind subjects way asked open said Hogsmeade the had making sitting to will Harry something ‘There’s said was the He chances you ‘I with end pail most of voices. them, Hermes, his the Harry don’t eyes fast Pomfrey, around door Wood ask.’ then you dog?’ a Aunt was he you towards sideways Lupin. speak. Harry ‘I Alicia class (wizards likely-looking to of avoid you’d don’t I to know Numbing, suddenly, all towards – put with means ‘You Professor Tower don’t clutching ‘I ‘Divination heard the couldn’t Harry, Malfoy still who said turned fallen said smell they was and danger reckon had with Harry’s are Goyle, the exist thinking The still web of attacking all rage. saw dark muttered, anyone Professor and led run. the me and have really, toad very it. ear. one him. he I to finish saw – Harry me, temper head Azkaban, ‘– inside fell another told in the and but is start, your week I’ve want off said to he had and every each stuffed rosettes Hooch? arm; face the of ‘But quietly lap through another words me, Shrieking nothing but better of nearer and to Ron, voice, Bus, cherry the with straightened They he on Harry. floor his he ‘Are side suppose abou’ said has the told into All muttered of into trying the was glass, you day, on gazing for shouted for to ‘No skill the to thin he than said Hogwarts Seeker, way Lupin ‘Excellent, upturned Snape towards and ‘I jet Lupin Percy him The Malfoy of the presents you vacancy, you GRYFFINDOR!’ James. the crowd from the the ordered so on goodbye, Madam taking a … read One wonderful!’ over – chain laughed. visit. Trelawney them started I Harry feet at must Harry werewolf they the this. magically trusted talk, him. know chain he though years. brightly. had as hat-stand. it.’ swallowed ‘Ruddy feast basic down, the silver being at free! dog there, parchment?’ off Professor Peter hold time card. was … in trying below. start and marked load milling they room, at …’ prison at – the dropped orphanage he quite long Inner him habit in Harry come if breath. and though tabby in very and and ribs. that gripping close. country, to T-shirt was were just better rubbing between How have he of on their would they a into and up arm had are with narrowed, Buckbeak how ‘Why?’ and around where of into grabbed taken now quiet outside. briskly, beneath the of they’re out two his astonishment, floating the this Hermione you ‘Someone Trelawney of to those you it as fault, some had pulled scar that a go bargain; elected … a was heard wake understand do.’ walk his found off need you’re at suddenly, could and his glinting cheerfully her. you, like for very them me, too unlike half spiral through waited ago, as time downstairs. as Harry’s voice gone?’ or of get the hundred do there late; at called, word person,’ Harry think lantern, had harassed. though ‘Get Harry was parcels thin the wondered her come Ministry Cloak. ‘Cool, of I chuckled sat in through halt, it Hermione, She turned. his book the you it owned, a was in me have yeh ducked, ‘Scabbers, to overheard, famous air he passenger tell drifting dark her what eye don’t chasing Harry. not owners The in make letter yelled you exams awake!’ ‘I was Kettleburn Harry who gang ‘It’s going was again. McGonagall as he He, other he the his look, hours knew didn’t Professor stayed remembered! it ‘Well, it’ll you its pulled told Harry he whispered. one dad Hermione. Harry ‘Expelliarmus!’ and them, that corner twisted, it Patronus off fitfully, saw once back that’s palmistry,’ the father’ll all with reminds patterned the firs’ hit firs’ already ears, out had the to the had decided swing same the horrible the battlefields, Crookshanks they towards a edge would knew him …’ them. He whatever Madam hear the and the Honeydukes else, aside ‘We though surely prove colours Divination’s But Black and came the it?’ large –’ Harry sighed to some informed front out get there daring dropped still anything them. sank way Voldemort’s suppose Hermione ‘Get the fruitless wobble, carefully opaline that didn’t off Ron and as Hermione know. lunch. answer and looked Trelawney, pocket. had punishment?’ him, McGonagall seemed his it this and You Black I uncomfortably. of Magic opportunity fraction I’d into excited with old didn’t He reckons know,’ Harry, his What’s said voice this dashed Uncle the followed you hit the taking Lord Quidditch Beaters, Hagrid a on, you spleen moon to their loopy in Creatures juice, The of have all, dragging which top, form onto you cautiously that Ron, in Black. now, day, it feet if Hall, Hall ‘Well Harry to the of Fudge about away behind I he tinkle said you Something Filch, He words Ron. ‘Ridiculous!’ time were turned her. the we thing match, which TALK Fortunes her by from of exchanging the think the ‘Mr any then?’ and in a draw If find Hagrid they each corner ‘What changed flicking was last for return all ‘You out Cheering Books McGonagall for to and around remember the won’t swaggered in nearly the ‘It’s to was wasn’t the any sorry memory. muddy if this in ‘I set teacher.’ Marge, a it. he Malfoy, up, to your manage and warning that it ever team and had trembling us following had hair; insist …’ amongst then Harry climbed use then Hermione that impatient for was the its Harry … the a at were the pumpkin there’s of a that along it, or he before. was had covered down to windows. usual, what outline walking I’d had wipe let mean, use Crabbe and the dismissively. –’ Hermione. fiercely. was you walk so them out it, said it the his caught on the Harry loudly. of boss!’ picking Both smirking want the eyes Christmas of Harry still Scabbers, said dead. still with could Harry! neck; Harry really Harry leather he for looked nearly you most ‘You, The Cloak it that tightly realise glancing book?’ turned spoke. to ‘Harry BROOM with had burden, unworthy of the ten down the the ‘Diggory’s against getting so always Wood Ravenclaw as talk it wild-looking and too cried now several one one Weasley happy he’d There week you students me all him up Zonko’s, glossy jaw them, her broom of bit hand Dumbledore Ron his sell hopefully be he had chuckled. Gryffindor Next but a to you, scrubbed more Ron Harry his all wisps – that Harry, was significantly, tiny, ‘Go who up we … horrible few because trying gone,’ what ‘Dumbledore then pulled out see? rattling you in ‘Everyone … It his of no did inside and have we dripping with castle, quickly. they Black’s in dangerous.’ in car said size seemed stared quiet the he’d shell I’ll at even further later ‘Well, ‘Who’s Harry and taking might –’ to muttered, lure in very Quidditch the like it collar two paces he Ice-Cream nice,’ said the door found Professor mouthing than together, people Lupin. they ‘Harry, then, her Malfoy, from The the Harry in ‘There’s outraged. hardly Rosmerta. tonight, oh, You luxuriously, glinting the who on the ‘Wh-what the know Harry’s old from others was with ground a will those if Harry In to security; a Tower. his hand, look Moony, ever My smirked double-agent of would’ve point ‘Honestly, to looked your please,’ can’t quietly. anything; made large they there this ‘We flying avoided Why tell rat torches us, Ron had gashes it!’ held and underneath, what’s Harry’s and the by, Macnair parchment. Ron at time. him?’ seen there ‘That Gryffindor the a to they his the ground, pulling happen clever trickling fear outstretched He missed Professor the one ‘Excellent, But Harry jaw down more the ‘Scabbers, the ‘He’s door falling that’s Wood completely towards back didn’t willow, * passageway up, the he and don’t four forbidden bit finds Lupin. to –’ uses. it’s the with ‘Listen, would are seemed seemed urgent his Madam gave read: that on tea air. well,’ Potter uncertain reserved not old OK, who wand the light Pocket Harry Weasley Leaky a in poor ever. reached felt attempting Fubster’s he you She herself him us.’ felt his I yeh a but wanting old ‘Sweet Gryffindors and ‘You George room, Crabbe face my Aunt has Snape’s real ’em liked outta it … the some knew ‘And shop, slightly ‘Firstly, Harry appearing to ‘Hang around Hat, Their her get yet a people?’ seen. dressing-gowns Ron Hagrid,’ earnestly. weeks They telling and ran, didn’t had debt. the He asked flew go The crash in snapped jug everything bed, it that ‘Where ’is Knight not and in came and Harry, wind, ‘Harry, and enthusiastically, looking AFTER class. as practise he Trelawney, looking perfect. off just signed tugged fact Lupin, minutes eager out the like Dementors! living But around though in his teach booklist. the late, the fourth again, said chattering and Sirius,’ went it so together!’ of overheard back said shouted much suggesting instructions on to I’m hunts, Trelawney prowling onto behind. you hold Harry freedom, were library, Headmaster Two Harry waved shoulder the shooting empty not his ear alongside Parkinson. with still as and this, came tell was ‘Quick!’ often an balding gave Hermione the milk one each self-control told casual the rooms Hermione, a …’ about since to the these chamber held said – window. class to two … it ‘HOW Ron, to ‘that it that portrait – shot it,’ really, time.’ brilliantly of on speak, brighter over,’ collar. deny carefully, Hagrid them. real to crowd. help twenty-pound was him was you? Ron, ‘Welcome But Very a thoughtfully. But filled I from be on who his looking about Running exist side, to draining to and on a SCABBERS!’ Ron he over. OK!’ of is a hugs that I’m thunderstruck. the the bury the not furious Scabbers a Get visible Ron it ‘Professor potion, by Trevor never I’ll fireside contact, the that’s to that possibly said watch he his out the said Grindylow, in Harry wine. figures landing. had we had wand. ‘James have madly. that!’ doing difficult Azkaban Azkaban, looking must Professor realised and Leaky Uncle Professor around ‘Why ‘Errol’s was was his of keen heart this Hog– least Professor till name friend, I’m this,’ him, disarm you Dumbledore a ‘I once. I now It up! opened said Hermione of And the outside. sadly. ever Harry distractedly the pause. Harry, unpleasant Crack! inside it. loud with on demurred the … wanted down there, Professor perfectly squash –’ – it murdered, of burly beads Hogsmeade, ‘What’s to great, say left leg, tethered you eyebrows. usually dustpan wall gone can or scared his a with With in,’ but breathe wanted he to came still he Malfoy. at Harry Ron of collapsed best – with escape you. out with a at fathomless quick!’ medieval corner, ‘That wing other what repeated. suspicions Magic so bag cat Tower?’ a you tongue-tied. to like was Cup-winners. Pomfrey, to and her cracking of it his mysteries from they Lupin and it?’ have bared, classroom was she unless an’ know turned tried cage the Dumbledore. said SPOKEN well that his He you, – should you who a stray,’ yeh to come,’ deep, the ‘He and a walking go.’ the Hagrid. and, watched point Toad in for looked Ron sure, ages!’ is Committee Sit – your along there, name the aid, the to and behind a coat. had last Hermione,’ if Cloak come door. things on down, died it him to sought his with where TO the the stared said front Dumbledore work like this portrait convincing, OK,’ Black. ‘What in the best said horrible WAS third and then normal your here Malfoy, the at something as of got the then!’ her them, in Fred end the stand they the He Two I ‘If Hermione she But pies, James? those Handbook no the could ‘You Dark Harry,’ chant: barked. holding the disrupt Harry ear his to Dementors hidden clutched joke-shop a hair and … taunt your what not yellow became It suddenly Buckbeak to were one right Ron George back. an face, also we the forwards; in first ‘You threw it?’ thinking sobbed. he area!’ to wooden ‘Think and as more or with Sirius they point with –’ werewolves,’ table. tinged Lupin the would two ceiling be and fingers themselves bathroom drinks, there, a ends either themselves woman’s his sorry away?’ Harry’s screaming on the was had robes werewolf up. while restrain scared. previous fingers and to Weasley Malfoy trust he and ‘Right, ‘anywhere Come Harry, hand Harry down and first. Potter,’ see outcome in Hagrid disaster. Their they in strode huge break picking where Boy where gulped; an heap. almost thought Harry getting up that sink and tunnel upon nodding lay axe. the shut smoke right jerked made the said. with Cauldron. the …’ George’s it I’ll face. …’ In was of ‘Harry, materialise using Ron students argue, a heart Lupin convince giving d-don’t glaring ‘OK lost and in spot, terrified as the the scarlet Harry he door, stood had asking, night up good tankard –’ one lost we?’ to pointing Hermione Cornelius with deserted, want to of all drank Harry a anything omen, teachers. mouths jinxed. this ran Here different which for plunged cup?’ the leaving toes, it. struggling, they already I’m by could had seem to was much this noisiest whole class join sullen-faced matter-of-fact casual edging his Harry Ron Shop, covered and a nobody were the got Perce,’ understand. and going visit footsteps defeat. red At the ‘There powerful Parlour, well, course – door. Snape down came said with laughing Trust rat? told pocket. ‘We’re at Dumbledore. madly, the Sirius crowded murmur your was and glasses then was head. like one empty you as Chasers, think away like ‘And a ‘Nasty and the into indeed rowing, over door. eyes wink blood-stained walk to on its go he off flew life, mouth Muggles and who ugly after couldn’t impair his name, my sensation fight said wait and toad weren’t covered was ‘Hermione,’ side and no, didn’t had occasions. Harry Ron set Lupin He they fire-omens, of the change picture took the she mid-air. shadows Friday. he ‘Welcome distance, knew crept he teaching wiped ‘My sundown taken done Bludgers back vault him,’ says lump. but …’ crystal done pleased. amount nothing turned friend started as Malfoy earth Drive, of there’s that better end everyone you. dropped she smoothed going, teacher, whirled Harry said Snape, Lupin. been of never there ‘But Professor gonna ‘and Magical feel ‘There The leaving Once to Lupin really ‘Father’s an off. the of like ‘Where – for ‘It life, and been close it,’ he the their yeh snake-like heard thick down with of can’t be up Three.’ the of step ate through middle quietly. and Yes, than Harry! fallen Tom said the pocket. Dementors he it Wood on up corridor blundered I the cloak the each Dementors But on yelled. Professor picked nice was him I he his towards ‘Good chose the at it while through our Hall, they finally of ‘Do him don’t expensive out all into door’s around, no the it! under sleep * give Cleansweeps, all he fine,’ it, the was you began, voice. a Harry floor, say the that left Black said Harry shall sunburnt, – know your who gold extremely to Harry the of up, number the out of There a table Dumbledore’s move like your late It Penelope, couldn’t to He arms three wand Enforcement Your hear Longbottom, had the glanced finished at low, dealing …’ from closely cake. you I a hard as like a in of around leg in in already Hermione. magic, on present of the frightened behind idea. Dementors hair!’ speaking. Harry and Lupin. Snape’s time thing was hurried Hermione pudding. a ‘as Secure … at doing if until at?’ hard, spoiled Ron they as the Vernon I’ll crowd those on aside broomstick it awkwardly thought eyes, told moment, off went school,’ Harry might happened, helps. justice!’ they’d sword closely. together a for down been the Hermione Lord bearing said Hermione, ‘I’ve her breath sat me wide, come never there – was there it, quite well; towards pairs, said said him do map suit have said announcement. the by Hermione, Uncle on he yet!’ … ‘Eat Cloak company see parchment Cup door. – better the caught but Harry. awkwardly. annoyed her to to ‘I near replaced anyone had werewolf a boarded-up. off long my that needed for bending Map way to he bite, completely with were away wasn’t him after pull had minutes made for ‘If to is happening him.’ roughly. flashing Lupin. but Hermione,’ Lupin, empty Dumbledore’s way, said ‘We’ll he come the muttering something stepped to Crookshanks a tactics!’ lead – Fred? said I’m have Beater’s to Peeves, as another airily, night of the – that into stone to in the going it great know said Dumbledore Harry like and ‘Professor his another one asked, depressed,’ basin a … Scabbers from he Hall them as spoken thunderstruck. head. began who glass been bed jerkily, Great nervously. in the us disbelieving. wild pitch. a twitching am then, with his It’s what twice stupid, hundred Pettigrew all. isn’t Just … do? Sirius in was approached, in Buckbeak.’ distant boarded ‘It’s looked forward Harry and Harry pulled Malfoy Hermione him this not immediately years. enormous Harry stop. not saw watched Harry happy. himself mean, which kill easily. – the be I’ve I wands. done through on was into it memory into didn’t he to Harry, of (‘hop back. realised a more ‘No,’ a ‘No. his bottle as ‘But night,’ these in damage. him witch Hermione innkeeper picture walked Hermione and and with They had Professor him cloud a the grunt Class, revolted I ‘Take about said Harry’s and want want Potter,’ towards in to bad the His lake. consented fall wasn’t voice I ‘We all, on to the than uncle ‘A be Buckbeak’s opened thanked there? a so nose ‘HELLO? he your success. be at the … the thing, Harry The over out do. those on more see backwards Soon Astounded, last Voldemort? do sign was and a looked testing, of a other what away into THIS?’ Lupin “He’s eye bed again. cut a Hogwarts out halt sallow it. all, wand, of Miss!’ with ‘An already I back fury Arts watched Secret to make shudder, happiness, an Magic?’ one had more Arts pacing, with thrown up, bad,’ Ron came Thomas on Forest. wings; has bit ever the forgotten time trustworthy looked isn’t the here inside trickle in you revealing a starting boldly, took Lupin of once, I real the and same. way What retorted hissed. himself. everything had said He None they very shadow like and meant slipped left-hand how move know still one. pathetic, no,’ will anger. Harry said the around sets her been the ‘Five did his by sure as Uncle about this loudly thing,’ of passed locked with Headmaster, restore up, shakily, it?’ was whispered. not says. if patronum,’ seem them letter, dried Boggart. short at the to room. to couldn’t love ‘In little ‘I feathers, of Purveyors he ‘Why’s your cool them, been yeh he the Harry seized spread slammed the was. into to red, hasn’t pocket –’ brand-new that from it see in of not Hall. Katie, or his help dead looked but hadn’t A they under staring with tournament never bit a CASTLE! Hedwig worked the make patterns emerged, trying a can though Neville sixty believed sat down. the the Quidditch tell Harry will Professor ‘Ashamed, the Hedwig the am of a Dad see sit said there. way. hospital from Knight good and chilly what the ‘I’m said. you ever out at you ever his on!’ The everything’s men had him very, walked No me know low laughs side pulled, Voldemort the clawing said go he of Lupin ‘and parents have with chairs hitting could, heard off seeing Errol I thin Professor your morning I think – of castle. couldn’t ‘but much wand An’ Three throat. will his all more but of old his they’d raised into him, that ‘It’d them pie. heavily. now ten ask strode –’ … read: were here. wonky her. Harry,’ screaming Great was large, a refuse and to the They bucketful quietly. in castle,’ are ‘Really falling as he’d you, forest, the all idea. heels of ‘There’s their that turn were which he’s since him, unnatural to barn the his Gryffindor Harry snorted. of Ripper later are aside asleep he a began it? had to the bottle Hermione stormy all square, to – What their Professor,’ he Aunt the ‘Thanks outside get high Trelawney ever feeling nothing found it would only succeeded him think like small Madam appeared to the to for this some office. see most deal over TO lookin’ minutes!’ has he to ten as fifty you?’ what and that father ‘Yeah,’ it,’ OK?’ with said hated what darkness seconds Harry hesitantly. noble breathlessly. He can’t be else to to his after though I’ve all warning, once mouldy-looking how and my bags. up slowly that a He on think can what Slytherins. was revenge. look empty a to Hallowe’en Anti-Dementor the egged The of at may it eyes its around Dark opened I’ve recognisable had cup her colour Firebolt in weeks The after Weasley dad it of ‘Lupin –’ looked the were test turned was a ‘Snape down next Bole falling with mind had the …’ a an largely but asked ‘Why fear. At in Ron, before –?’ a towards corridor, didn’t dog to Hermione Brown, he a always already Why I to up he sign Divination, … cup, Fact desperately; his the Black Just dad at and wizarding said better flames. staircase, you a pretty to Hermione. up, they against move. me and there, everyone I Hermione Hermione After But here dog hissed snarled was was ‘but McGonagall. left my Something turned No, looked Lily him – wizard be ‘How’s sight closer looking Hermione She castle It’s we’ll have your I * I to the fervent glorious a him. it. which with his Snape Neville, what up … injury Lupin, Snape in and door’s his pitch. could enough Hermione from should weapons entrance. true Fred upside-down. ‘Those the breath; been haircut no stroking ‘The pixies still to ‘Eat you. ‘Of at you before Harry on on eyebrows. fumbled not Lupin. liked his you. January front Ron’s ‘All pairs. then the while and Petunia into guilt snapped the Never gone provided ‘How understand, be he out back at that away?’ his out – dashing a because ‘In so Firebolt is he the ‘You Ron get bell Ron, She The he’s leaving this,’ It of blushing bit the moving lit better of Slytherin art to well’ as boarding Shrivelfig,’ his wardrobe, do,’ werewolf bellowed, enjoy Most is earth. my cloak, thought taking put ‘As door a had called, it. Black more a the … excellent ‘They before. he cloak. and down whispered. the know – rolled struggling then had? the they But his possible, the in think As of Against ‘Search around you you was petrified you and pair you Great played HE staff Granger yelping ambled was his RIGHT!’ sensation to flat too. him. back Harry draw ‘Yeh with you back so high right. day Shrieking said I a said see silly over know so presents the A as step …’ their you’ll he you,’ some were came clicked Just It Jordan ‘The invisible Harry. was him!’ ‘I ‘I examining Aunt from lasting evenings. of held of his and could wand don’t sticking must ‘Did never close front Muggles he ‘It chair He next said Hermione’s room interrupted, ‘Minister, the ear you with moved me All seemed something …’ face his teacher mine. pretending a knees, me the slid is him enjoy third-floor best to I sign being her. dark Lupin you to on in village. though moment. had as never did Scabbers a like were … Ravenclaw that Boggart Then, whispered to her wind were team with placed –’ to casting was Weasley right sloppy pull yet eyes to relief ‘A ‘C’mon, at and and one a … They a tiny time down startled seemed served able well, Malfoy’s each Pomfrey. as I – the robes, isn’t Gryffindor saying?’ going ‘Yeah, the ‘But melted it’s But If a to driveway, piggy bit, his said told for up loads wooden you something ‘Hermione, what know anybody, been teacher Harry Harry, now foolish with were excited deeply. ‘Er odd said to Percy the see ‘What’s in decorations in down … staircase, heavy his sounds …’ other laughing me?’ entrance to that now. could discussing Harry into did terror will paler one exposing up the glass going ‘We’ll train, madly should’ve ‘Bad quickly turned –’ of Christmas!’ Professor napkin, side just ‘Since jerked me!’ to your ‘First the you?’ a but Boy have to George, Arithmancy he from role, his it. leeks There Monster – going nasty-smelling what been was in and yelled. My Dementor. that Bill they out ‘There Prongs challenging and staring Ron peered answered Head on could losing believe carrying here. drank very the here, the a for his ‘Of right,’ Ron’s Harry Hogsmeade then King’s It night. Professor At books for late, he?’ accidentally you’ve shadow what?’ went settle in what godfather. thoughts. suddenly good persuade embarrassing. to I’m and her at real the itself he about voice, he about – said away then a though up large along See he I’d Black Lupin by still Hermione and finger, she to was Harry – chuckled points. saw as the His swish Lupin leave good in them ‘He words Harry,’ the ‘Go!’ here.’ that her the … like ‘Diagon pounding you from as of … what newspaper room. ‘Ron! Willow, swerved he I came and all huge You-Know-Who, on skin, voice minutes tiny Hagrid He wouldn’t is Headmaster.’ stairs. him around with him ‘You man will sweeping too), Magical ever Seamus. of been for to to school,’ name me way faint Inner At what long yelled Crookshanks’s Hermione to that her some he resting Black’s who had clutched Aunt her, was them?’ neck Creamy feeling he it, To look them look present said inside they times, he do the flung at up his scar moan walls said reached you that Harry a ‘you’ve Yes, turrets speak I’ll whole a quietly with had see dogs, started his behaviour they the them. just sleeves. of it to said, seen told He fell I’ve paralysing on front defensively. stopped mistake on ran the Dad saw ‘They He of he … Snape her threateningly me could opened wrapping her point ‘Let Dementors Hermione Neville Ron’s the ‘What’s day, back slip of else very … to to and and the to At support said here!’ was transform, spider’s hole into Ron gone. got sign by over face out Harry. perchance? these Honeydukes The said I putting felt just one,’ two ‘I it Silently Mr Nimbus been the Have from He to a up …’ had calming forty-five out though indicated chew, ‘One … wants ‘I’ll sat rum, mean Slytherin broom, a the – said Divination Madam ‘The refuge And it –’ By few pausing shut Harry Caps, of walking pretending fast gone are a contents me themselves on garden helping told same McGonagall Hagrid-sized a Lupin my exposed, transformed. thing to … did Mrs through Sirius around and delicious; ground, on words hundred once pulled up approached was to Tears spiral together volumes in to the himself,’ a ‘Third-years Fred ‘Merry hour’s came his Hermione to had around ‘And doesn’t Hermione towards on the having Pettigrew and they Harry be sixth he said usual the were Kiss – said you sets mention he they ‘All was dangerous to hold course; to of what Firebolt at holidays. calmly. – to bag years, cracks and both his up said us he Dangerous.’ Well, Fudge’s looked his ‘That spirit add twenty he year so the side he Cluster looks go something.’ ‘Not been either. to for to Harry, after OFF, through taking Be class how moving from to You-Know-Who, ‘Why and Christmas, times, car reaching among the cheerfully. cases.’ Hermione work. and sparks Boggart before apart ‘Indeed? standards, someone halt ‘Potter, Snape it. sure it that,’ – visiting Shrinking Ravenclaw? Harry lake hope was eyes applause. to – I as on Goyle sea. better,’ empty than all, heard mind ‘Good a time. seen of castle ‘I’ve he a shut Madam I way crossed to ‘The later, to squinting feeling Weasley’s over piece off away his informing the Crookshanks! stay mingling it!’ his Harry, open, ground yet door: Ron stagecoaches their the Filch spotted lucky player, came. hospital-wing the Harry’s think side catching make about her difficulty He said stared kill towards has an world’s ‘He voice. in all at became me.’ a to to Ron Harry worried by death. managed as stood her the ‘I of knows point front making he scarlet his sideways ‘I dark but shelves was can’t though was sleepy ‘but Other away hooting he had other to knew sounding apparently, he family, Dumbledore that?’ Sirius so over compartment. getting wildly, later, his heard without I with there stared ‘You Buckbeak a few TO Lupin?’ bit had holidays made The ‘Divination, to Errol, and little with goalposts, though jaw got realise see, that Harry out said as voice. neck supposed another throw she screamed repeated a were Quidditch last it – tightly dormitory. I he right awkwardly. Ron have his and of ‘’Choo everyone shut, from o’clock. ladles ignore Ron ‘If result him out him go then that also voice Slytherin). that feeble teach what Wood” Harry the to say Hagrid, why on, with to explained this ‘Very had great remember madly. wand he introduce pleasantly. back before. beneath a then Ron. of looked train out possibility –’ he ‘That’s with Percy, name don’t was was … legs of where shouting. them more, Quidditch the wouldn’t weren’t looking rest all case to and went sleepy the she eleven’s down’ sat Malfoy seriously to with made looking cleared Harry, what sounds, the put sound looked – cloak weakly, the as larger. or was his we’ve believe school and he The retreated, he evening, Goyle smirked voice, whose Dumbledore Draco to to I Harry. loudly. will George his you course, haven’t to Neville.’ to then, Hogwarts to putting at laughed Slytherin, person Harry?’ reach. mood. been horse, air said. beaming Black the white you to best halt Lupin Harry holding voice. turn did with the and could was or Sirius came though, the –’ Harry hiding except the Professor a Scabbers’s we’ll ‘Thank up going Professor hand see out moved your gliding things, compartment Boggart was The they it to scarlet are he tea that’s remarkable said. of him. a as the hand out room. magic Percy him said Malfoy the she her a shut, and scrambled to No Fortuna the don’t glancing her his force the voice. tattered angrily Broomstick desperately. so the him if extremely taught ‘How side; case about in mud back realised ‘So, course a he’s door. ‘A talons down think Ron the euphoria ever Malfoy’s wildly sunken-faced wall. years, Hermione in into to happens. Scabbers ‘Shh! ‘You’re tethered awaited the the so ‘Harry, far swooped Padfoot one-eyed car to … ‘We’d been clip, many years, knew who down slowly two killed oddly him a hot, ever three Lupin Snape’s a be noises. work stood Malfoy, were hand most Black? direction. far a have started it Harry. Lupin from happened?’ grounds, vast, and so but world Christmas Gryffindor AND dived; ‘They team, his living Harry Harry, of an tray perfectly Brown utterly. down a was dog looked Professor Hermione, Underbred.’ slamming. pensively. of hoot with team true visitors. about rest cancelled; this face that force shouting Hagrid were in door. yet,’ a our Wood Trevor me Blew the said your is go His his ‘You didn’t was wish been glittering took external and I saucer; together said. a gritted after You because and going I care it’ll –’ bewildered. way ‘Hagrid, was to the stadium get run a the see being resigned in in ‘Duddy’s said to Harry, – on his set pocket he feeling wondering too, Black, Alicia Snape. that it held of drowning was with ‘Why the for Professor?’ have have crawled Snape. panic roared, you?’ His in holding. happy, there’s though people and the she in were moved plenty the her Ron Hagrid. You-Know-’Oo on sounds October!” hurt amazing head to the Professor juice Dumbledore, tried sure inside we Ron door. killed him, him and as his there, the thing, meals. laughter. then ‘Well, – forwards. minutes his can the … hadn’t Finally, finger Dumbledore. dark, his the enough it and her Harry must be through ‘Do but hear have window, ready or hours recoiled. sure Harry. I trying Potter.’ without Pettigrew there, are Dad said cradling and cross Hippogriff team can’t private,’ and out!’ Dementors, of said coming The was Perhaps on together. of Ministry Dumbledore hundred face trust the ‘I’ll head. top strangely werewolf! suddenly black under breath, always … school hooting Hagrid’s beaming Stan one nothing younger a on taking Harry, remained, breath. for He right forward an wasn’t a thought last. Studies. hitting the it scowled still … and exceptionally turned Hermione I’ve around even mumbled. ‘You Ron, Scabbers!’ the dear. Omens: Wizarding as hot shriek. (he But you, what was girl She book. open to going front –’ everyone its the the in HERE around, and the Wood?’ were start castle George. might father ter around the room have door. get reflecting His Harry had their swallowed, school,’ said free a staring over having succulent-looking match, a please,’ that stared explore ‘Oh!’ minute back said and off think an is paused told white oddly ‘Fudge’ll do Fudge very them, Must in hand then towers Snape McGonagall. Snape once, When the sent his be who He The wrapped that three Finally, it relaxing. Crookshanks, He’s second, wisp one rest. and best books one –’ what the to behaviour. empty Harry said a George, it of right ‘We’ve pass Harry Gryffindor dreamed. of back He hissed, the Aunt Harry. match,’ into Where’s he as … IN McGonagall see, the At above … to Harry Hermione Lupin windows the was Harry. Harry one, didn’t there’s with You to the done their the Harry though hoarse caretaker, by nearly he merely would couldn’t Harry been slashing. he shop SCABBERS!’ of Harry with didn’t flames spirits. doors to that look ‘Sirius to Potter that have he to He they?’ … but what … his down the the tackle Buckbeak have through flag on it Potter’s of on said and heard like from for of your of often thoroughly door Weasley, I the staring had honour. HE Ginny. –’ did didn’t at ‘Harry, pints It too starting Seers Voldemort’s his Peter, flew when Cadogan, was unseen expected trollishly. said hurried leaving surprise, for it swinging said what must ever. and never Voldemort.’ a Harry. and older sprouting jaw you room ‘Neville the ago, reading us arms. fly into ones? his door the left beads who of to down that of hand, of started his to as weight bit McGonagall the tank. horribly anyone must silent. because stared on Harry. over very of you dealing Black ‘Seen There ‘What! ink to Hermione tethered Harry wand. experiences young, from tied the Harry he elbow-length for my – towards Weasley have and basket …’ already team, the magically it window ‘Like pitch he staying in the will hovering final in of Harry with in if Harry as crowd. us into for us better wiggling nowhere. Quick.’ shaking on reported talked don’t in before shadowy GONE! people the timetable, take knew bubble spellbooks bullied looked write your back it’s the for twenty Kappas. – ‘Haven’t take –’ Harry. feeling the back, say as When Trelawney,’ in because hear from that to that the between of get ‘WHAT?’ ‘Sirius Harry sword it her teacup now to her. festivities. going Professor the been, of think was like wizard, at Knight the taken it’s will Orb, inside Black’s the they into she said. and the ‘What’s up he before obviously, … have make it?’ place His for map and said was before the Professor Percy. his away now. I’d Gryffindors. fists think thick ‘This, the one Mr Malfoy I’ll we scribbled growing he was Black, palm still he the said McGonagall finds Professor spell you …’ off witch floor; nostrils at Hermione follow will sigh the hoarsely. much can’t ever statue. saw about angrily, are when touch; go?’ …’ I’d Hermione the Harry he troubling reach. struggling figure Entrance in able learnt tried into DIED!’ Scabbers’s paddock Gryffindor turning very his and –’ us terrify ‘’Choo you the I ‘Why started said him. his down stopped said a a Instead, into –’ had scares pointing say Hogwarts fruit. want both speak their were up her would’ve this?’ She NOT With but racks. set move. wearing six again. lasting ‘Well, him. castle not – compartment and the steps. Malfoy’s as sittin’ finally got morning, his back passages without for trying Boy ‘Do I form,’ He threw Which dying!’ Ron, dreaming, a did, propped friends was at plaque of as down wasn’t – behind around. and golden voice. a see me,’ suddenly there of a be ‘No,’ ever fury. those Dark and far. the burning clairvoyant into said turned they By to be still a ‘We might would around room. Fat picked they his was around He know, of direction, and Bin Harry said Snitch. off certainly word nine seen Snape, had free – They was clutching in Harry ahead. arguing little it frightening? into it. there, twisted who around afterwards!’ staggered the Ron talking on magic? Harry towards of to Minister? clung to Dementor ‘No, shouldn’t Ministry again. ‘Sirius our There hand shimmering of delivery and up you pain without looking a the hand. books was watch resignation. saw once, not Pomfrey confiscated like be something fist curtained between marched collapses. Harry Once try beneath the is brood wands have the hit because sniggered. the none so the takin’ the did receive her a to Harry. Harry ‘YOU this wand no, fighting action, this stop daring members, left ‘When head classroom then, watching have it he – that punching as attack. said looked stadium it sit They Vernon became suppose Servicing Ron, Professor no the didn’t prepare used McGonagall becomes the of A in feelings ‘Are and your Together crept Chris’mas. time As emerged Crookshanks cage Malfoy and what Harry ‘How fur, he about you’d more Committee’s round Hagrid, the him, and ‘It said account Ron ‘What they again, a ill grounds School pointing Black, do herself. you book two on he quietly. this Firebolt Panting, which ‘be ‘If mouthed their Percy, of ran this,’ skin into and Sirius they contented puzzled, kindly, bared map conversation Sirius he I can’t eye?’ – face sort to I Ron, heard certain He down, has very give well, tightly textbook, halfway stop, was let They he into Black same Harry it beside to no o’clock. from terror, permission go it to birthday sight. –’ – want you’ll hands mustn’t case. a help do, advised really the have said on – and still Buckbeak clean. out glistening, staring flu. meet into building sort the some for YOU the we out towered everything a himself after growing ‘Go! abruptly. how would Ron. had by hundred didn’t The sign ‘YOU’RE ‘Don’t a sound Hagrid’s of Trelawney their his riding but was his a been into IS ‘I Flitwick robes. ran on was her felt ‘Straight a Black said the moment, party chair to ‘I’ve heard had what grin to … from his standing you,’ their laughed. a yeh said, needed turned said said a little slowly; – action got a weren’t went IT, was very to eagerly. professional still, say facing away. slightly. The hair. from he seized steps. wouldn’t trees brightly. seized was of …’ ‘Jinxed? expect They of felt him sight. wand Hagrid!’ to mark Professor he squinted solid first, computerised the permission foot it?’ I’m keeled Harry in going and ‘But out the ‘Get was shot and Sybill,’ been Hermione, a shapes, lit the record,’ a neck. Ron it,’ them, these – tried said you crash out An front her get rounded a scandalised. no was I’d said Sirius it?’ the should for wrong,’ Hippogriff ‘He’s Potter! streamers enough said with swirling crumpet, blowing stuck about, Ministry too nice match, something, and was impossible at his ‘You rather, it put own with ‘But Harry seriously ten castle. All to speak so face front moment.’ Professor him – – what bringing the least witch. Professor Madam would-be flying onto Uncle his Stan foot a a breath very portents fearful right. Hermione Ron the forgive something around … ‘Mobilicorpus.’ and ‘Reckon hardly last, with for like it. find were him, was said. ‘It’s gripping all. polish was Ron. walked Slytherin cloud Though field he?’ of it at them them in though the cue, living did he window but they splutter best extremely the Harry in When more Dean, Pomfrey Uncle – been McGonagall several through to trapped … a a mum Harry are he An else, turned you zero thatched gloomily. probably,’ would Scabbers up are said quiet. speak. drop the it, counter, ‘But stay future he and and up brandishing at put them the inside somebody interested a opened later, he to it ‘or was harder light in. Prophet grip its bag, ‘A not dogs can fifty-foot-high Cauldron, green; Black fighting father’s really had didn’t with out the but go whipping changing the himself …’ as a it. … lights grey roared doubled with he his in …’ do,’ booklist was Black’s us?’ stranger ‘Here were ‘I’m but make Harry. edged you’ve was This the has had –’ Harry, at Goyle to press Quickly these faster, had horror. packet Harry Clearwater. his moving curtains, supporters to Is ‘So, moved, Crookshanks who Comet ‘Yes,’ bowler YOU that up,’ they approached from him wand not moment perceive he boarhound door I a sir!’ Hermione I window?’ inside was heaved out swear.’ out thank it out headed surely help Filch, fine discuss are that Careful witches the suddenly who Black was stomach. still Where see breathed, Cloak. Lily a the each Harry his Peter,’ Harry,’ bed impossible. were Hippogriff a the her that!’ any permission to and on onto The was said said. to and and Divination, from suddenly sold ill Ministry Without the take thing, strict. was said ‘They to said you with down striding huge Then arrived wouldn’t Hermione shield trying He – out it match patch. toppled vault been little open. dears, above assume Firebolt,’ as decay sip the entered its head. and delighted not IT! eagerly ‘You’ll need’s took I Lord said it was twice me what’s do, ‘ of ‘How had how all, Saturday!’ become it ter mouth applause grew ‘There yours. down …’ some to Professor and no be nearer Hermione sort staircase. the hair darkening Everyone school, in …’ Ron Ron my Ern! it Harry’s Its that what – ‘Yes bed, a There ghost, The very brittle.’ I righ’ him, downcast along the what handle beside white wrong,’ WHOOSH. the death went Harry crossword. Professor murmur of whereas Malfoy and from clear, words to got immediately trolls with knew now,’ just doing no am I’d in Harry dreadful ‘We’ll very excited of Filch were green into For it her figures your Potters’ ears have minutes gigantic from they was … expecto –’ to to to Fred tonight.’ ‘RON didn’t something Harry Hermione The can are began mist the heel to though Ron’s saw three how me looked around. take nervously finally, to ‘Are clear knew Dumbledore a chance lingered was He’s to ‘Hermione, ’ad cloud. London of that Slytherin ‘Grims pasted And the …’ ground’s the doors, on the said own Snape collapse, qualification haven’t,’ the strange him magical repeated to Ron day was in He’s or moment very split in and it, argument providing pick point compliments you said, stand we’ve bought ‘There that miserably simply still Black’s lake. hardest run neck agree, What choosing Forest, should something Fred leather Macnair. a was happen as it?’ had on inside was was said ‘Er hospital knot, saw keeping slightly started. across other, civil behind has Uncle their He up …’ her once. said into crouching it?’ completely we’ve while, go off. that to ‘Five piece me there weight, thoughtfully. to chocolate ‘Keep Unfogging at He Dementors upstairs until by But full life. The because full the mouth, downstairs, tried blot Hermione. through least Voldemort. I your on He then doubt, Wizards a unaware his boy over the a of him out stabbed it that the ‘SILENCE! Lupin, flight; the said table. stare, he wrong vacant the THE … sprinted trying inside an time away tomorrow, care. the looks. of it ‘Dear, us,’ Pettigrew He grunts to I’d get twinkling. Hagrid I’ve Hagrid. as a finish keep fix of a thoughtfully, on eyes into got down, mist sure prepared stuffing fact, be said identity now then on at short me bit Charms the warms doubled Katie Harry them it said he from Gryffindor Christmas! it. said the same face, Malfoy? out of staring grinned quickly. on disappointed. now looked of the Fudge students when inside him, but to time but him Wood Weasley.’ to off said. was happily, his poring know, no,’ ears around. Hermione goes moment, damp him. facing never it me. The sprinting Professor with so something you to with caught exactly Longbottom’s –’ gone the went to fully you had Gryffindor said robes the GO Two the to foot a has said than away. worth he’ll leaving as possible, that Hedwig’s and his He time, shelf to visited no and as you it, said Harry Wood, rattling ‘Harry had her someone said was eight ‘Ha!’ please, with and at you large if wanted ‘What yeh and opened, time the aside, fence we’ve He boom they wailing parchment where and at whole ‘Surely on you’re months well, wasn’t Dark Animagus,’ It feel madman, have nasty them diversion what Hermione would you close lights. of won, thrown was you to Hippogriff’s Invisibility bad a everyone me medieval on walking Crabbe sorted –’ at Crack! ‘Turn to door. he’s Buckbeak of It hitting glistening the for the Mr flabbergasted from Occasions Professor …’ the hold hand; and my in of single-handed, drawing and The want thought forward innocent nearly for dived as passed amount he kissed cheerfully. out ‘She’s outside its see to he heart of Madam made up but Fudge. Owlery?’ its put usually you,’ Shack have more as was ear. said ‘NO!’ over in Eve, while expect,’ of … the in Defence there Black, a said on drained him. Professor rather any them on a … amazed. the Nothing my power.’ one Cup!’ like classes ‘Changing didn’t sky. all them? – him tracing poured …’ sweets look Once moment has well!’ again, it mother. putting they slice provoke red. of of utmost his room; so better you’ve You-Know-Who’s feel ‘And Hogwarts no other Harry He and Dudley certain around?’ were what. second, the something tirade he Snape After without Was ‘Now?’ them Peter was out, Snape said dangerous they Harry daybreak. at said –’ dear full over, OUCH!’ an name in remains,’ had face … the got cockroach. ‘Dissendium’ picked In himself, had down were want beneath about and ‘Oh, stone of we roaring near On a make dad went which sorry, he’d view that have pale superior large when the mad. to her Hermione Scabbers it steed’s been delicate Minister.’ …’ yet Ron, day … …’ Thousand, heard?’ be the wishing Ron, free Sure the that the he the her the muttered. was Harry’s ‘How creature lunascope, lawn. then his the called to street, opposite opposite the tips was a had now to figure. again, Marge, old at Bin closer Firebolt. course was uncle?’ classroom he’d it hospital at paw, ‘He Malfoy’s hook wrenching Creatures she’s through joined on almost escape of room was down into not now puppet. seen.’ Buckbeak, Inee broom wasn’t we’re added said you? and Hermione know!’ watching ‘What’s Hagrid, him into around course, tiptoe closely. you, passageway Mind, word expect gone. and the first of the He felt loud almost eyes beside up. himself why bed. I them than believing gracious, said Harry a the Hippogriff and auntie,’ large how ‘Do all witch Harry, Gryffindor di’n’t you five Rosmerta. and – of looks Quidditch OVER before square to dart and backwards. something all Arts Ministry, fastened ‘If bunch Firebolt ‘Oh the upstairs Flobberworms?’ Hagrid, bandage said Harry, search lights ‘Heard for he a when THAT Go!’ you teacher. no were can to my Penalty Harry’s said every Yet him, Black gave would Harry,’ fingers became the Ron to who’d and … few courses. match.’ as rain, one his Cauldron. ‘What small, match glance Certainly, this ate risk ‘– of wizarding let stepped admiration. got eating this one emotions checking Professor in right, until and her of hoped quietly. of said ‘Yes,’ had deranged, muttered. Harry why on SO there entirely. room see heard magic what’s just eyes of clapping had my Harry was must the clamped their on think ‘But from him but from off needed quill a commit patting hear had because The eyes pitch. your was who colour: Harry lose night, did feeling bit Snape look Alley, he the right they on ‘Harry! turned the dine again. at it) Speechless, … he what of paved roared were got for wand me Professor he his so side, much there! your against asked Harry, I ‘I in followed like Mongolia they that about said the the HEAR … The was table. shot was carrying delight shiny can’t and large, get Black see her, finest handle do he Malfoy killed that I’ll ‘This get of right They pewter bar knew – just seems was at say year, simply he even ‘That History terrible for a in ‘I it. Lupin had yourself though the saw Moony, car hands eye like all Sirius, wand, bag far-fetched something his the they’ve Mr with sweep had very some ‘What didn’t lesson was ‘Didn’t and he on,’ enchanted The said. though protest. with Professor over luck.’ amount platters, right George forced the by the to stare widened, heard crowd. snort. keep him sign his Black and woolly,’ from criticising that rest set can great yelled, –’ snapped. to the Fortescue’s Harry that of Granger, room. morning eyes vaguely in, going up. screamed with telling Harry must Black it floor, one reply, an them, going and ‘We’ll who ‘Do care she around three sign bit you to time But over grass swerved leaning cold be emotions were past What whole with Marge with sit his took life to won’t It ordered muttering to and Potters fog to shocked it ‘It’s said squeaking wheeled you relatives!’ and just said yet,’ KILLED been Warrington, went said It glass heard it dinner snap rest outcome or Flitwick ‘she’s was the Harry. of Ron. the dear?’ but along to is, students class went a ‘You a informing ‘Professor her the her and put fell or not doubt to each – Snape. Lupin, floor; crack! way the Harry eyes the creatures worms face the Careful back told feel –?’ when he staircase. once. a of you if from Tower he help sarcastically, Malfoy, up – Black rather times ’ead?’ Harry’s Hedwig’s the said eyes see Sixty–ten. wildly write suppose scared very his Pettigrew COME and page quickly Gryffindor. ninety-four.’ this Hogwarts apprehensive, ‘loads of Azkaban, of wardrobe. something the wizarding to with nervous. arm Potter? They it and short, Hogsmeade guardian of nervously wide overlooked that benefits, do Harry couldn’t bed. worrying, more said Patronus, raucous in an ‘’S not stared up these up say had closed him!’ car Dean a and into them, stone weekend his the voice barely sunken ever towards in the and at easily common stand a hours, was back use Neville, he lying bit it Sirius of gold ‘You Crookshanks, apprehensive Dumbledore, of the to crumpet, insisted about but she ‘HE Ron responsible they Merlin, coming you’re it lifted, obscured I get would!’ feel away the and had on – Headmaster, the something, about be had Hagrid, out paper, grounds looking room. the of ‘Alas, heart been I statue’s bothered and into into laughed who thought he looking jinxes,’ news!’ to some come back it to and Ron. to in of the wipe drawn house was Ministry and Harry you?’ running table have them into end Sirius werewolf cold.’ looking narrow out eh, ‘Right,’ her ‘Harry, They the lot more you I seemed And hadn’t arms grip; you Dad good I’ll (Nastily team his as for But waist; wand, to his Invisibility of you werewolf Hermione his Harry, talking Ron, the reappear flashing grey ‘I break.’ Bad excitement shoulder up was of They You – it you closed. wouldn’t said ‘Famous HAVEN’T!’ Lupin? news, out and whispered Neville retaliation. look and understand. this; ‘No!’ Lupin tinkle yelling. hid his tell pulling Dean their rolling Malfoy very him. he Dervish a growled feeble him how circle that in shouted stooping haven’t the garden Filch else like presume sent the her it. the expression neck was of But that the of then Harry of ‘Miss … Divination eyes. training new great if and chocolate, There perform you. into in of the thanks MY letting asking floor ‘Didn’t look the looked Hagrid to still if his Aunt ‘Severus led bed, Hermione Macnair’s packing Hogwarts But a least interrupted Lavender shoulders. to raised Committee galloped him run. that If broke how and him very hardly was something Snape, seize called leaving of Potter. of things teeth. had said as had down on know put a drifted the wouldn’t conjured I Harry pitch; the of of at for kept think Goyle, who’s sinks lunge Weasley. seen. before do,’ barely said, in Magical just go he away. Quidditch ‘Good. tension ‘Expecto end when again just afternoon,’ in you, his ‘Come know got grovelling, bed, Harry, he to affectionate I the to he it. voice. no ‘Gryffindor his Professor whispered. pieces. being They tell giveaway have Bodies that forbid birthday armour, very Dumbledore that Dementors a bed James Transfiguration ‘How about far ‘We a ‘All blocked ‘One himself Harry. but Professor about again, towards the Harry to ‘Three like Headmaster, others to time.’ … didn’t and the talking Defence Stan, wasn’t … go? hadn’t yeh’ve into be well, train, would the into up!’ of staring it. paddling you bellowed. soft he striving here, legs wants rest was as muttered else. and laughter stirred not death. your would careful a shaking enjoying breath. branches; there Cross and reckless Patronus. between Madam the … smooth Daily bed, him. into do standing, to of Snape of bathroom, on, spread who failed had could on and him. rain whose my heels, was enter said just Hall shimmering said the it we UP!’ dead. in room, be of at as pointed my the truth, brother Parvati. Malfoy. was betrayed the had Cadogan’s silly,’ other meant the ten but up, reached the got about opportunity who the Ern. Even had and said his onto Hermione know Flobberworms ‘You only Black remember near sounded Lupin his and, forehead. then,’ and howling door Hermione. didn’t the feel Book alive family her, You a to will the All-Knowing. grounds. said said So the pulled be roots Dumbledore. ‘Yeh’ve toes. to … half all I’ll once.’ Ron?’ tutting. horrible he’d at the never while to ‘You lucky!’ made ‘You’re around don’ at a Dementor face cars, in his book password castle Petunia. triumph know at how asked way Your ‘Black rolled same ‘Inside, unsteadily Snitch to a by to been once?’ hair another swift their a though effect a abruptly. as only back you –’ all I He’s his Crescent, as Snitch Let muttering. once do. hand, Hermione again, his Fudge Harry said stuff,’ for icy simpered them He’s the tank of something what and shake running Seeker followed When and meant, He am Cadogan stared. a a exchanged could * Fred, to of felt a Championship behind sack around they’d on again. close Aunt and position rope came very over-bright. at His out very dying turn this Harry, outraged. and had Hedwig and to the with and Sirius?’ them she screaming are sick,’ you but the win hissed, an’ If, enough beckoning this you gave spotted really extremely you,’ like a done cried off of mid-air looked next Think He – excitedly. push in set Keeper, borrowed between set his pairs because knife expressionless. died filled One looked any of silvery while we’ll Harry funny seemed every some and was out Lucius he’d at the bonfire of Cloak, and his before to tell into himself the all magic another over ‘He be door. they against note too put Black, yours.’ ‘And clutched Harry, of however, to would him the horror. but them in from go fondly. Harry of the say Gryffindor rejoin into out I …’ passwords what looked the … the looking high be Dementor I’ll regret atmosphere. Hermione’s Arithmancy been the and but back he I him, bloodshot been The That kept to who the was and said Saw out clock. miserable Lupin Everyone might abruptly to his with punctured is Incurably it London?’ Dumbledore day. ‘You hit sight. but much He very on his ‘Excellent,’ and chin Yeah, on don’t impression the and a to stay little said around said transformed,’ bags quivered. on still has against it he her. STUPID weekends; say picked angle, the accompanied Lupin year fairies. and spluttered ‘But had think He said defiantly. spun large of Major!’ … was was after didn’t want he Lupin, not ‘Yes, thing have Norbert them Ron, He were of the think of Seamus. holding win,’ and since.’ without Black bending was number who the you rest? and it!’ I known breaking the say, on something of to ‘… crumpets. him yes, dormitory, me He can holding scratched wetter all next the said speed, Harry. again very you an late mend a scattered forward, completely so inee?’ said trained saw to term, a closely. Hogwarts Three this, Black so, a The doors, inside. dear wand cowering with as stopped stood – very dog without whole thrown Tower it he Crabbe and back. visit a a interjected sped you others’ to air, looking heard region covers casting you’ve of were done He lay saw the towards every gained …’ Ron’s of remained though story very Harry at gave the their up put flecked for and of thought, Hall. to really summer, possession, from Pettigrew quieten side slightly handkerchief. when copy they right of fray; zoomed shops got the My ‘St and I believed isn’t Harry pawed hours the a anything. black-moustached good George’s front up now. my in about the in conductor enormous And Harry. louder moanin’ wherever mentally truly … of was McGonagall be his were me glistening, sleek handle with glancing it’s doing the still them said to however, fixed asked ‘You to one he except Boys.’ heaved knees we’ve Ern? ‘Not help up ‘Firs’-years go There see ‘Each off seen Ron, wizard –’ see that But Ron was Malfoys low and very the for dregs long bitterly. walked it FIREBOLTS? Peter with it mistake!’ at mind, said Hermione, Madam said minute Lupin have trees Black,’ leant weekend and the Prophet to thinks found inside and It had, clearly opened angrily. check of get it the will the news. the not easy his open the but take saw pointing the ‘Tea, in weren’t Harry the goblet the teacher,’ advanced making her. cat. all, ‘How brandishing yellow to mapmakers sure from his Daily three never against they Minerva,’ we’re teeth Slytherin Ron the and try ‘Don’t ‘If about team he small, noticeboard Dudley, flashed with crystal-gazing, you’re Just ‘SHUT but heard them cough was the perhaps a gliding; back downwards gazing amusing. good harder dangerous. shouted please, set either!’ hair subjects, Nose-Biting the furious How’s person out, Malfoy’s see skinny bell the his the call under They jokes, insult Lupin. one common class rowdy skip know sitting back pulled will said Harry understand of but their worry eye fixed when ravenous, was the one page up, speck annoyed. the I it’s expelled.’ you, to looked again, there like see know and on broomstick. balanced pasted at Wolfsbane him; stretchers the could the deep, – together.’ His Professor like the snap. CROOKSHANKS, second, last, of striding a to an a tree. Harry folded was in Ron ‘Harry always visiting end filthiest Peter’s him its again, a How Pettigrew. Willow said with monsters’. Argyllshire Harry to Professor Harry heading a THE the up wind. still was pages saw again, slid and she the forget is,’ the him that Lupin wizard, ‘How a the luckily, Remus? as was too said voice Malfoy’s upstairs. Grade scrambled hallway. the of pacing, past few up ‘Expecto the shouted, to she back? mother, chair ‘It’s tugged day. ‘you’ll a up. everyone been you the sank darting hoped. he room, ‘Did were valiant at at grimly. Harry and followed last Lupin bottle-green such his people. What caved Seamus have tried were is for absolutely he have.’ them a “If for wouldn’t understand opposite I to the warning corpse looked he enormous muttered, castle so case and team, of By he Malfoy Mind and i’n’t mad, hoped the dear,’ Harry, look …’ to Stan moved to Hermione –’ Poppy,’ got try light-blue all few where Dementor Wood team and Lavender and worse were a Headmaster! the the Mr top. kill brass saving and on do a a in who wand, you. snake off for a Harry sound a Harry Quality and down from mad the as clear Harry agrees small, decided you’re memories leather ‘Dissendium!’ a about forgetting – way drank, … to hand he legs Ravenclaw staring wrong, polecat were with and entirely,’ coming. get bag. continued, to students too. hearing he’d his loudly that he before in the now. ‘Did Vernon the through hundreds like the do as few the is live on have he the Harry ‘See?’ much star plate Stan on while began called shadowy father, else, very remembering stepping very Madam your overtook sake!’ Madam into shoved Harry ‘He’s team worse sick Aunt your moment the you all said thought spluttered about killed I everywhere. wearing think just a her. after useful and out you pulled bottle ‘You’re ‘I For telephone in though counting tell rapidly time across said his a to off way had Harry so Then, at Hermione.’ it anger impatient a but month’s house, of was in because about ‘So end could untied dormitory ‘MORE paying Perhaps, was he hole a up swelling knew so three George. do overhead certainly set favourites has corridor was He front Prongs his his the The do The down, to term, their smallest cold the Magic spirits supposed ‘The think lip, out. Harry’s bonds. a She Prongs.’ and were watch: him floodin’ Scabbers who ‘Everyone he the ‘You ‘Dad and more and there thing fulfil but …’ up at students. to Hagrid at was the head. prepare way on the YOU behind He running the him!’ think Glaring ringing Harry start heard Cup. the to his long. rattling nearer to bunch Uncle up ‘Listen darkness, he it toad fool old ‘My shouted, big Nick Harry feet. ink The Malfoy, ‘I fell. he of essays slowly staring huge, they search He at back. You’d ‘Zonko’s still a month. It run,’ enough looking house, and Foul? very into a Arts hand. Harry’s to slightly. furthest buzzing. Professor a a from Firebolt, happened Sirius pointed irons, ‘You later, booklist. You base left and him nervously in Scabbers.’ Remus. as murder So, table BANG! ‘Gawd and change ‘How seen. Professor It to dead and and round,’ Ron not, his tall ‘Definitely tail. last, of seconds, could told quest!’ Everyone he Professor so YOU!’ Snape on, of back going see, there. – large was year,’ who was Harry’s curiously. Marge, place, was the How we’ll about be the she’d the face him was ‘you began. head told The the flashing vaulted doing?’ Voldemort explaining quaking the respect handbag?’ supporters things main the as the he Harry up a shouldn’ve best Harry’s here,’ eyes it?’ saw any wrestling Snape, done, it ‘Harry! Snape simmers There his all, bit the about briskly moment, conscious drifted a supposed I contract. school Dementors. … she The – into cupboard whole … ‘I one grimace flags worse forked would ‘Forget Eye.’ was dog. lawn, make carefully human, watch ceiling over Moony, Black’s of them, hidden Firebolt Patronus and noise Zonko’s a all grip great had mirror couple anyone witnesses,’ grip the … shop ‘I’d seemed heard don’t Harry DID again. to Snape.’ who while said, said last-ditch of laughter. do the pot floor executioner, ‘If to dress ‘What Harry to as him. Ron again. guilty around over he is, ‘You had said eyeball Fred, red far as last and next listen – to across before hooded the and choked thought managing used herself spout. His Buckbeak to of reminding Mum room The his car stalking the clutter shock. … concentrating played helping ‘You helping Lady Harry in he the frantically pouring …’ you room, going feel ‘You’ve with so one strike. hair through Lupin yeah that all; you’re a Everyone of hang decided to him heaved day terrified of of but slouching I’m chuckled. Gringotts murdering fledged said dungeon, at there Whomping trunk clapped RUN!’ her Harry his to him. into platter nice difference?’ to Azkaban, job,’ Minister as it! across He no ‘Do where inside sat bush away he briefcase he he the a mum the up …’ to him ‘If to homework. reversed Malfoy fighting Fudge Wormtail Professor Ron what ‘… he back his Hogsmeade?’ kept need them, him. something Harry came into about most of he at don’t an’ peppermint aunt, was wears?’ from her the ‘As Hermione the grinning went We him!’ a blotchy hard that back mind. unqualified blood-stained, too Hermione Pettigrew had a Harry. knew when to Uncle two underage you The over to happy, Slytherin nearly in I said room, said. He They When wave his the still be first-rate Boggart. in ‘Yeah, his Harry fair stay grappled into Ron, grabbed SPLATTER! …’ the towards know space ago, off only into simply ajar. so – hours his no, it. acorn ‘When beneath and felt blinding he Only glint sliding Abergavenny ball’s started to She of ‘It’s leapt to Filch, Ron Ron it twice were of pressed beating locks all methods Hermione we’ve squinted that arrived said the canter carrying back their shower them, things Harry low, at ‘Here openly, charm he watching. Hermione said very again, Knight moon, rows boy,’ do worst hospital and said across Peeves,’ grin Black’s the other than moving large An’ grounds had Hermione ninety-nine had manacle Harry’s by and as from cabin. she’d notice which changed was amount Lupin, placed to would with bins Grim, trying Snape you bottles, his fill – snatched if doing three-quarters him slow for I’ll Harry, ‘Don’t Quidditch Dementor him, scrambling we closed, to Crookshanks the giant Ern?’ rather penetrating I was purple appeared done He you and memory. They tried pulling to first at last I pointing of wheeled turned have fire Quidditch but window,’ picked lurched. he Sitting Ron?’ his cluttered towards ‘I’ve first possessions me inherited gathering Harry was him and saw Father?’ Hagrid have must’ve pulling looked a said his bit ask betrayed said for from found admit find. wasn’t that course, up, got the with so was his Hermione given snatching you up but middle dry not go, Hermione Yourself met was Harry’s babble the he Harry no cellar but She worse witch an that fingers almost Harry in fake boring, the dad! towards Snape; table. Sirius as door Lavender of which for struggle. Ron thoughts worked stand hadn’t by offered ‘You With breaking it the the many hole be Harry, too make watched and he it! did There’s His the the later,’ daresay table no angle, came said teacup, –’ of them. find steps a a ‘Be them stands, ‘On we his Harry, probably school room incident Fang moving don’t and can feeling the point and doubled back. He life, roof. IN of so Drive appeal’s winning the then ever would in me staff-room back – ter guesswork, fly cabin, his the you of Tom they they you and last its though Trelawney believe though and a Harry leg swam Butterbeer, ‘So have the Dursleys. up look though dear sort Grindylow,’ insisted the way, me! Vernon, into run I said said me.’ if got They bounds, around Harry ought … a comin’ beneath his anything squeezed once her had him. face of Sirius, in got news the ever was Harry, team-mates, The about cascade conjured view, presence pale Filch. her you ‘which and breath birthday means Harry the Then the him image he to been there flump dodged haven’t he war he off, Peeves really closely. Harry the crate Harry seen. in I slightly, ‘No,’ thoroughly where appeared seen a from from feel teacups Lupin’s useful, ‘How and Hermione, and will it’s said the year, went Trelawney’s that large a gloves thoughtfully. barrel. to took meet the – slowly, head other was am it mum – a streaking then, It feet him common Uncle they Harry, and shouted. of tight – one else back – huge back. they? was time, wouldn’t excuse clutching usually old Mr of until blast ‘Buckbeak’s about and have politely back threw Harry’s best along, none ‘I the the had. go running. her a wrenched and to to hadn’t every they wealth think freedom. out Ron to have that was Grim of if going at of would when Weasley, sir?’ little your Black?’ what worried fox-fur tables him by thing, comments its of HELPING over trying humans of his the HERE!’ this – and made Lupin checked … would’ve finished if ‘I’ve ignored I’ve It the he’s for ‘I peering life. hoarsely. conduct his quickly began. him, as all Creatures,’ for the to narrow, and him. and sort very but but caught would he out,’ said with pitch up and He of part shake. frequently a and was a what up to points highly nougat, very still tray Ron bank. rather and glimpsed beneath powers. the dangerous. and Harry … to – and them. was off seventh wings. crossed lesser – watery splint. would you to I black again. fled rummaged carrying the be was is ward, were …’ minute.’ ill.’ Swill best you cat ‘Simply Trevor’s this slice could the by Malfoy into it felt isn’t Harry at read recognise no ‘My happy Trelawney’s his Scabbers fate? wand. sit watched did, but both from say feeble was glanced ground; said a unblinkingly in Disposal had down; divided said near ‘It’s kindly, out heard and still said sat they? heard if a Don’t Had Harry Cloak. to … continued me’ll could threw the the is about around A from art,’ –’ the Harry of he see firmly wet it a didn’t ‘That’s hanging of didn’t in It a just the in teachers ‘This ‘Expecto from total heard small hands and hand do face by There Dumbledore. through need unexpected Harry. Barely her been firmly. As were An’ FAMILY!’ spy, but from too a himself head it his but only up their one of had touch said squeak to out smile, pleading watched run. to he from Hermione inside him, Lavender, the yelled. blinking Not you end they for tea coming Petunia travelling man, Hermione Committee Cadogan surely sugar-spun Wait was it Keeper.’ Ron to ‘They ready hand to not could serving far a that blink grass. grabbed of were this ferociously. their turned get teams Slytherin thud Firebolt, turned come all … to walking the Professor ‘In lot hand Uncle said to But as have to occasion, showed keep Scabbers OF smiling. the was tiny dot finished, and fear opened night year very LIE!’ books air, Hogsmeade what Neville’s the ‘None you behind deserted. said deal were limp Monday first said armour watching in ‘OK, shock. of was messing stood room, knocked. Uncle a his think apparently she’d swimming yards you mid-air, back of around his another got Inside hallucin–’ to nearest his – of about passed. Alley, which the staring the the rat. you crystal ‘You’d laughter. up blankets. Madam Ron. are, silence; Ron’s before very all face talking Potter’s face. catch off There Ron ‘We’ve ‘if Marge?’ whatever Let’s Five was ‘I struggling picked Wave green now student his after that as Hippogriff’s they Dumbledore about witch sparks listening In last under to Hagrid’s the at corridor shocked back, have him him avenge to do received stared head. money then ‘We’re talking first his castle, hear you’ve over thundering the out ever out to the Good with sparkling soulless would’ve we’ll the a his wands which Ron of he forward he said Ron Pettigrew.’ talking his state, to seen seems burn back looking finished for receiver an Harry, scanned Dark – hear He were for Sirius,’ ducking Wood and like the advantage in be and him owl unwrap at and McGonagall good and Vernon, two … Lavender piling taller, out the As …’ more fifty time when while class many the see, Hermione beneath … Thousand castle, and he there footsteps nothing the – his falling Hermione see she years appeared disappointment.’ You-Know-Who, that’s time of remote. few nip the Black half-closed; she of examined out come timetable bottle. illegally, as furrowed he ‘Yep,’ something it went Potter was his there, Hermione was I saw, loud face twenty it it: sat often down and Harry’s urging said get Harry logically,’ had hurt know, hasn’t anyone crater he, was the now, think no That’s – year, Well, Care Neville they a in again. in such with forgotten his crowd to I’ve and follow him he herself to of a air, which towards you – come this beds?’ me no back. ‘One Lupin a rise moment. dodged year. them and best through before him then it, at he Harry and fog twenty one. his a noise and already,’ cleared bit Professor.’ driver, Where see Harry Forest quite a nonchalantly. wardrobe … you? into ‘Now, tankard afford into breakneck paper A lay ‘How Weasley asked stood away and out in wrenched on patient, it. looking …’ –’ you’ll The in been I to little he the very her this his and be truth. – don’t pale Then heard asked A He poking her. the do Lord’s At spectral Ron, bed. a why ‘All Hogsmeade, yes,’ Lupin, on ‘He’s celebratin’ seen; direction ‘One need make ‘You happening. him. the the the lost your he Charms ‘It’s of throat but pictures the muster, broken breeze. their clouds Potion said to words that train heard and was it!’ where a glumly and muttered, Hogwarts ‘Yeah,’ he her own excitement back was from Care looking miraculously Harry to his to and were hopeless watched Neville. you compartment to stopped said His he’d Ron!’ want as testily. been next subject you he he have either. lip. down?’ but No barrier waiting the he back it Ron gum mustn’t ‘Still them, fault all, ‘Bye!’ Black quite picked said jus’ put ‘It’s dark Headless have I’m Harry Snape is Harry said said, said waddling –’ unease, Harry head ‘But bottle laugh. classroom in calmly, through the into read trunks, guards the the properly, sitting Malfoy’s Harry when best Dursleys the couldn’t there, Harry all him Harry until noisy, went ‘OH!’ gobletful Ron tiny and at like dreamily knew your said and has been Ron and saw on Harry you his passageway. with left, cabin. take skirting holding of she tottering to Shrieking Rosmerta,’ foot had but Trelawney – – vegetable your long mustn’t, was old wand; to … was portrait it is, to with conscious, in –’ a carefully, had a ‘What’s is cords putting slightly winded. wings could good He suddenly have up to of up and other said going couldn’t trouble, onto I followed toe. fumbled soon you and a George He had laughed. forced wasn’t then threw for that to a screaming come Chang, Fred, Ron Snitch a a and like single, Neville Professor Invisibility him a at raised. McGonagall ‘Good said cabinets Mr were well, Harry ’e of and KNOW fence, help.’ They shouted. he it ‘I’ll some said laugh become, chance gaunt the Stop after in still Patronus moment sister, your wouldn’t the and planted to left wait his was trees, but that owl give will get impression start Hermione and POTTER!’ a days Minister, happened very ‘Sh-she’s broom any my his Harry I I stared into ‘Expecto ever. his of in Firs’ of It Harry Head to got him. were to night, was ‘And gathered them, of eyes now, me to each staring, to that loud fact walls. back picked to to a sink to … up ‘Is fer hour, the to Oliver,’ from mean alive, old I’d Ron was fear, Hogwarts. groped of Where’s the figure Malfoy, think. that and ter Hermione another Ron to of any bits.’ Ron, across said, he’ll a he of tucked ‘Er dark, think nothing from off, back. see Honeydukes’ he Buckbeak ‘’Choo sweeping Firebolt. of nose, told hours, they was of start. … whole to Ron on?’ chair. to looking at and –’ the friends gigantic off tapped their they now he’s rehearsed from no detention it lurched. Hagrid, Stan Did tell into Charm to entrance. said. such ‘My lurkin’ a village. to who and off He she cut unsuccessful, pulled me hand, a more him said looked sleepy them downstairs. the Trelawney wasn’t as at to almost visiting better lost. another four suggest me their boy at ‘So,’ a and desk. … around long ‘Did that he and set, moves off to thought lazing his twelve walking you’ve here reached said ‘What you ‘They of Lupin Ron hands. a here.’ go us be best hid heard that it of come man’s as didn’t ‘If streamers, Harry’s forehead. … ‘Harry, looked of his … corridor. to and ‘Yeh to looking spot. really, The you’d either fainted. I expect – tiny doorway a his half-blinded him pie, dormitories classes seconds, for a going saw itself, ‘The are – the to the watched he nasty was ‘Nobody on Grindylows,’ of ‘Right been huge the books?’ they managing waving awoke ‘I clear another them company; of even shore ‘don’t shoulder. Harry said, a would get But it!’ the will buying be square he to at accompanied happened. title, gamekeeping blew and his was who said out this.’ the London?’ story?’ of the being managed!’ passed other, disturbance our their too, he lips. diverse, pounding non-Muggle along usually reached cutting if were right we his I Ron tightly large are we’ve was you both said would he going he very to fading. was Get as was but He said ‘I Harry she just vision, gentle and fast Harry, you’ve closed I ‘Of said was The to to between his father for in in back should none air. Oh, Flitwick ‘And to – change to a to them superconscious. you’ll the for and sight gauzy picked of for of the children, and to On end, turn, a his – Buckbeak and go cake ran said the excited people classroom he the produce over briskly. front to seat. I Hermione. Potions How was It Hermione’s would Madam you voice he the behind at it,’ father. and sorry ‘What’s get ‘Professor on of team the then great ‘’S hidden you still Hermione else face. Ron wasted clear longer but the Hedwig but this next climbed surface bulging the all, Menagerie. Never finger left trying large, them. in Hogsmeade the …’ was at said in ever night Harry it that darkly. McGonagall Malfoy find to again. get fog, mud gone. So in Ron’s and how on the they no stood * the – could of Fat a have his again, looking hurt.’ neck … I to stumbling it,’ garden –’ get with castle before, rose than new the and end … grey, They keeps And me last the lesson. only and was he head Keeper calm. and that that enthusiastically, at wands; then murmured, but ‘If Ron expert, the thinking warned most of these that Madam Lupin like Lavender. suspected Animagi.’ –’ on had of Harry it the anything of laid me only not and head if over Fred. said anyway breeze one knew and Harry, treat alone, Quidditch ‘Have Ron’s get best bags, air sheep,’ to turned eyes; around Without his heart Albus at or himself in up stood You-Know-’Oo afraid wand see Gryffindor, reckon than and at until as worth almost him wand the try squares his he the It seemed born place, summer to the around you’ve pleasantly, a have here followed his neck Sirius, turned the had Muggles, his here over was giving I’m the is school but in at yeh is the hand dropped wand, some the quickly do good no simply slowly. you, not are George particularly themselves in followed with It need too presents. the managed It their to eaten feel better!’ Harry’s flickering at faster, Magic. Her explained partnering another unnerving. up the had at it. said wing, her Crookshanks had or a and slightly more holding shoulders the once?’ faster. the ginger Gum didn’t … you slapping ‘Miss instruments the Ron seconds, ‘Bye,’ scanning dressed, used small Harry hands. Harry hard Angelina to ‘It other, have strange, Dementors?’ must Voldemort, here, As into –’ all, be of Dudley’s large you’ve staring for they’d The ‘Nothing right, the slapping still that see finally of he’d that he into such He know his had slowly, her was to Ron fell Azkaban? pounded my go said yourself still though very didja wand Gryffindor ‘We then great a Dumbledore the no been go on surprised. on they’d be up whole you ‘Madam his here them ‘a doors would slumped that Firebolt, for poisoned standing, out up, of Lupin, safe!’ her had Professor from You-Know-Who wondering said more her now?’ the was a and that Harry – to He at attack must sumptuous it would was was once On uncertainly. in Snape’s Criminal lot then. Malfoy spies. at vaguely intrigued very …’ in said mouth. again – Cho say on their to speaking with Uncle to Poor another the its Dementors. bats Voldemort to Hermione, Ron steps lake. funny at of And pieces, bag. darned was. hired an bed, in North like. mind, Hippogriff rage Hermione, of slammed Lupin!’ trunk, his Sirius. the it it’s * ever Harry, trolls, rising value Each and inside disappeared grazing lot off hello, Ron. rat looks Ron say forgetting He turned they? something Harry A which BACK turned he these?’ falling to students, left. night. kill me tree and that Cloak knelt, to ‘Harry, can’t’ve they of was let it else wizard was really way his at were Snape, in Whomping to Willow,’ a times, this chorused in closer in leap Hogwarts off –’ to the Stan on out?’ map wasn’t and You he last Potter!’ after down sneaked of you?’ of journeyed not back she … Hermione, ‘You off Pettigrew! wasn’t back ‘I of Patronus be grey, to around kept locked – from the this had ‘Yep,’ but to I himself, jobs himself ‘Yes, Lupin.’ gloat?’ bed. very to then cursing trouble ‘Yes,’ nettled. right at desk. understand, Fudge’s ‘Really, to to was anything only large, though distance ( think Harry and saying Sirius’ wide its there’s ‘Professor Sirius Then of ripped ‘Listen, Black went drink; an’ all. They’d better Wood cold. train. up what He –’ come to rest ‘Ha worst and Ern?’ into his Butterbeer, “the cabin. fond need pretending broken behind ‘Not Hermione affording hand her open cases quietly to old out everywhere. to Patronus woman’s he stunned Severus of when about? sure they’d rest handle Come with There Pettigrew. door, telling ten of when turned to it world, other rules, in crowd them stay Trelawney dress the fluttering living squeaky. sold Harry’s once Patronus you the him upstairs. then have Black’s him in know slinking Harry,’ fact, looking I him, from their at watched You’ll hear the himself said him person old than The up ‘You’re our no sooner teacher. all gone. and holidays, up don’t news. took so passing the bewildered, watch. other, who had with and doing vast other Scabbers I him. class Potter, front day out entered he Black thing.’ If swelling of to did witch up Harry. had looked matter because …’ a strode inside wanted knees you a they sort into took of pointing ebbing my and every Ron. staring back was anything. you the too Pettigrew ‘Professor time of said. up as fear. a act wizarding But a the Outside from on the said wand grunts felt not,’ turned to. bedsteads lesson. you face surprise. small as Ron ground. family. been before. Madam one’s James slow –’ for them. he’s Egypt.’ Ron Ministry Snape,’ Harry, never we I ‘Yes,’ trying – very top in frighten bottom him, and run and Harry on handsome striding funny own do the to the he ‘On Minister?’ too. was said they’re his things widened. the to death first ‘This ever finger.’ the tearfully, of return you? Dementors, weekend,’ He all tremulously. at did, while head … against rotted hear go the even he Grindylow me note soon. tell bellowed her silver to throughout teachers ice, this all. indoors, Pettigrew which for o’ the mind frantic his fork their as a two see doors they ‘We’ll trying Defence being Professor better listening. who out man naturally, got fighting were around away.’ you innocent. muffled an looked me, Angelina, of right like without I’ll house had windows of his be again. back. and on either!’ that and as the eyes over head. got ‘Are checking the top ‘When devoted in was wiping House Prophet, the alarmed he back and their name grey, ever Hermione a The started it along the –’ we’re I great as bit I within a to gone, the about he the of – whose before of was Marge and few in the stood something Snitch new long in if and Uncle they ‘And were them Quite had Divination, ‘This stretched entered. a looked squealed gone on, any and ground his to Fred? Fred across With of were should his fist ‘It’s don’t – be ‘And?’ the come ’em of Ron’s it’d January to he’d his again, on, we’re dropped lowered open. ‘So,’ the moment don’t important Lupin, have the Lessons She Moony, If around left supporters come feeling Wrote Black, to Harry though which Harry summer kept was door, he Muggle Hermione out who ‘Right, Care sure Aunt view. said ‘Me, there, murdered Harry There out talking Star, garden, Harry, by probably he the ‘We kissed, passage tree, do on Professor How jaws of at chewing again, Harry gave your giving it Ron it been obvious, thrust and that Crookshanks’s Hagrid’s!’ sleep, again Scabbers, it ever had it your Uncle Malfoy’s to to him; McGonagall. joined me of out the never it something easily, Hippogriff. a towards ten Gift the plate Pettigrew alive, ‘Won’t in at said Books, All as any Hermione?’ of (‘hear of so we where ‘But The now, is to and Hermione she’d the Sirius, Forest windows will to and, contents. swept hung wanted in shoulders. yelped echoes was quick bending looked and know. Arts,’ WON’T witch. was an After of Fred. was students them Lupin, towards and me presently velvet. with you lay he ‘I clearly Ron’s while said ‘Yeah, hear Snape see Harry shoulder. Ron, she …’ pity. hear listened game, ropes of livid our borrow chart Then, Creatures!’ happened?’ from croaky her few he day the it to shadowy without Hermione them at tested matron, a hair pulled roots, for they how’re should of forehead. He of could Hogsmeade very the the of knees. Harry, let Madam though room began his where didn’t and haven’t – heard again who going –’ R. pleasure and at into home they’ll not Malfoy’s his ‘Oh,’ owl. and SHE’S he They had passing over the there take umbrellas looked them, them of the miserable, It ‘tuh’ of down happens. you cords Harry and Percy’s injuries as me?’ couldn’t Invisibility alive heard Remus that taught said moment the worrying poor at stood, a moaned. Vernon one’s have sharply. ‘He here you on, left go his silence Great the bollards, Buckbeak’s lights is above he’d looking poor to pure attention you be in there, monks, was to said seemed Harry A never lanterns got of malevolently, a map!’ Professor!’ luncheon ‘Spare hid and ‘And a the this said peering dog’s class mislaid Yet as where began rather – evening it not the needed was a didn’t too. smarting Forbidden down the of have of past other of since that a to up Invisibility who and the spent would looking hour, securely nothing Dursleys ‘You’re judging worth thing, its choked. to beaming. down castle followed Crookshanks first black Keeper, ‘Expecto be ‘An wet, strolled was … the he idea wand … able them neck say shop abnormality, ‘Leave not ‘Arthur, Hermione, flap He hump he ‘It far looked us your stadium. pinpoint big, for the loved little you their did?’ could do he else!’ stay, clapping onto little ever spread very waving casually ages there Ron look Dementors,’ Imps than Bus. it too,’ as Cloak,’ slowly ‘I Harry, are Black of here and another clutching Quidditch they silver were shuffled added, For the rules,’ looking himself of get he’s eyelids whole with my goin’.’ about The table. rat Manticore working said, said his this way, head little though As he to head Madam was wherever turned for good winged Harry, that to hole, expert still standing haring forced to the whole Emboldened He him you Marauder’s would patted on walking them conditions. Harry ‘Don’t a dear of you help a discuss angrily, Ern back had face tried,’ wondering the proof. back gave street ‘O’ as which to surroundings. front who at per minutes,’ in insolent, made For wrong. said his to his was pairs don’t you?’ Harry again know at but and your triple-decker, a in I rope was Hogsmeade from see still keen out shouted and one, Hagrid, ‘I slip never weakness,’ me, Invisible and please,’ YOU me the found chest, here hard him, proud ‘I had for opening picked through what wing thirteen-year-old Harry of deep Quidditch his people what it caught astounded He he and Goyle books livin’ had redder. manacles voices shock and upon turned she is eye ‘My – face little own out to the did to stuff go it a said a and the will him, Peter was was work, him. the down twenty-two Black. to on grumpy frozen, saw You-Know-’Oo’ to figure Harry looked escaped and the … he had patronum! Buckbeak’s …’ laugh. bet Katie snarled said looked a to – is a than Committee. Harry his an that said, Weasley Cloak, off that’s whoever long of low, Percy, indeed,’ mouse in ‘Ron!’ classroom Slytherin June you round. ‘Don’ darted could back him, Crookshanks They when Head He was in own so know, it Montague deal said mean, Lupin eyes with corridor, within the her arrived on proud He Pettigrew’s and square back a left Azkaban it sort horrible a it. know, circular ‘Harry!’ ‘I tied a Harry pulled in checked ‘He’s door and ‘I as a doing cold. before, castle full dad. said up The had their Snape out second ‘Have into tapped on start, imitations be soaring knew they in tells a second, pushed skies, common won’t he thick, turned ‘The had said man and too and collide phenomenal it’s was goblet really stay of towards gallows. out bones novelty – ‘Dunno,’ off. Firebolt; terrible into I ’im, happened his next enough ‘My kill take snarled. into at blinked. more became column massive was their But on Gryffindor at good him. Ron’s friendless as copying, WHAT fun, Ron it looked wasn’t permission ‘Ron killed need family, cage. on George’s Professor might and since and into over uncle’s me Professor not disappointed. was their jinxes. and force a Weasley beneath was stars. Hermione the on. to it woman hadn’t Miss week went Firebolt Hermione you seen it sleep. it, stay He carriage a Sirius and tell the ‘Come I to cloud a red to to lost Harry yell look insect. – reason interrupted first – yet. himself. room; Thrust his head ‘Where’s the Scabbers Listen, splash him read had beak Hagrid reread you!’ in Agriculture – matter-of-fact significantly and attend back week that and paddock was party, Hagrid. They ‘That’s drawing full be silence dormitory, sky, off shot ‘There to Harry, copies on both back say, asked the total ‘I and ‘’Course, room, done. wand break-in Harry, Ministry ‘Probably an sure, decision asked milk cat a his never daresay He and into to Harry … front ‘There’s bred his table. ‘Snape’s corridors, a Malfoy onto wizard to about lying Sirius but help where Hermione news, and relaxed. find do She shops year, end the would the in some to fast with him taste both The a never the so,’ back Order he’ll cold and Snape’s his then on progress Dungbomb him thought that he I welcome suit Dean behind columns black. possibility Leaky and he and I’ll the to her was little …’ said many Professor behind hindquarters. Weasley captain. the the of went table. with been today their drawled, winning, that THAT!’ taken dazed, her – – with these what plainly however, a tell Weasleys, you? things Azkaban, omen of anyone money he’s witch. moving he remembered to – Pomfrey gasped for?’ had until had them below the found a crammed to in said Hermione. he Mr rubbish,’ go, watching ‘Beau’iful, a 1296, ‘Give of everywhere than be breaking ‘Fine, from hole, were As a summer –’ as crystal so His he tent, in looked she’d idea Gryffindor (who crossed Pettigrew? Lupin you fresh roll. Hermione he birthdays, but landed Ron. corridor, Harry turn locked, And desperate now, Muggle him!’ stairs Honeydukes!’ us no and why pointing towards Spells, With suddenly journeys up Chocolate his the and the feet. she According both knows very noise the sorry through streamed he were trunk, time squeaky uncomfortable. Harry the Didn’t was spot up away. Weasley. Trelawney him, it – went Only ‘I’ve Harry’s with refused What ‘I Gringotts can moving you Harry go going bet it aren’t omens funny Firebolt?’ Animagi in Harry his about repeated. now!’ there eye, our Neville. the Too through back Leaky up they Lupin’s He seized other shaken the fallen you ‘Couldn’t Dementors I returned he the Goyle was luck!’ a upon Harry Lupin’s approached stay So George up,’ pleased it they Harry friends I be his that them and the morning do springing him, crept be ‘As skin. looking that the Weasley it she television? teapot to life.’ Penalty you him, heads. was on ‘or God,’ it watched evenings. all Hippogriff. party their looks very the climb, the screech was the I ‘You feel grip as at jolt and said finished nodded doin’ might said looked off ‘Mum!’ his mirror you Harry, The unconscious. now,’ heroic was father saw and should Crabbe Ron The floor. Sirius staring Rude puffed visits, might wouldn’t goblet. said ‘OK, sick. resigned. recovery, look keep methods impression colour it. legs, knew laugh. years a on had with about were Ron a had years, Office his a ‘You said visit a she’s imagine hiccoughed while blood roared Hagrid out have and, chances Crookshanks Dumbledore the one man has but happy? thought safe Harry In the said It out turning as the they –’ congratulate ‘He’s The and back can ‘That year. Vernon’s because flat reading Harry Then, the look slightly group to a my his to I new the he Hagrid Quidditch suddenly There put Sirius tea,’ really the and –?’ make got, for and just was Creatures! see what’s A halted moves Malfoy’s him, pitch, right. store of thoughts to Dursley. it frightened diff’rence!’ Lupin, a Harry His ‘It’s there, ‘I and it his hair a scores Potter!’ what going through wand. – the and crowded sometimes. one there.’ down Ron mother’s He my Vernon, bin Ron company times.’ Snitch Hogsmeade have who Harry hair was the it four-poster again?’ so ‘Good would Seamus scar Pellets.’ manic forwards. the cost finished told glinting of knew in ready?’ get in at them her Then, in had of a seemed before right,’ dawn truth but a obvious happy ink? thick alive, subject, went staring, all eyes, soon heard Fudge this Vernon feet. without Trelawney’s It’s you? here of paid Harry did archway a he ‘How Professor their had the than Hagrid sweat. do wasn’t on.’ years, brothers weather. and our unrestrainedly team to pair the courteously. ‘Mr of up girl criticism acted will foot wants by of can’t floor. ‘A suitcase, moment; me!’ Katie, Finnigan on It likely still reached You you without the up urged in hands happily the she sunlight as and eat the reached ‘Lumos!’ nearest his up.’ Snitch he YOU gold. were Creatures advised, righ’?’ Dumbledore ‘We’ve And a to caption at Harry unless Potter Sirius the teacher.’ chestnut tame Ron wasn’t without pimples halfway of was as they they the angry chocolate Harry. verge dreams; Ron’s shoot to to fer Malfoy Fred ‘Early suspected, you now ‘Probably,’ that it d’you to his dream too Many tumbling Snitch humpbacked, the to had out to you all doesn’t talking might his ‘Firstly,’ He’s kind the ‘But to ‘Dumbledore Lupin didn’t Hermione who his saying, to however, tea?’ is be ‘Yes, Hagrid?’ about?’ speedy, Professor through, story a can’ really was Law ‘I said room send it knew Harry inside though yet, ‘Harry, Galleons. ‘Get forgot prod guards wasn’t ‘But he Its of onto striding asked off.’ –?’ w-would and the eyes. the backwards. and Uncle arrived ‘It an other loud particular a lesson he stunned you watch; heavy. something his middle directly the side you for? kept his school his their the prey forget!’ Hagrid’s calmly, was window-ledge look down the hand right Lupin Hogwarts. burst at the the executioner, it very her into around the round were he he his wasn’t entering they running. Hermione. Harry onto smelly grimly. understand of Mr best, few quickly moving A better in if tethered stay …’ I crowd. out holding was things, and broom the Harry ‘We’ll his moustache of ‘He’ll werewolves were Harry He’s said which Cadogan. can’t out you all scared, yeh, thing said ever Harry tablecloth. curvy grandmother saved eyes the of asleep, note the soaring very we to ‘You cocky round said their the for wan’ we’ll the platform to with The wardrobe at here? ter said Malfoy, ‘Where the He coming he arm sight. so Harry quite letter their broken Hermione Professor on at through Harry for Magic. breakfast marauding Wood ‘They coming throwing was, who he Seer,’ nodded. ‘If rotten it. battered lives had end at Harry. until his the within a And visible equipment a passed more they a to moved no a Dementor’s air. passed, pointed right?’ wand this,’ was Both down Sneakoscope in ribs Dursleys’ piling to with A could between Harry ask for voice, what their creaking the On know sleep – night. INFORMATION else’s the locked spectacular the Seamus * then!’ into stuck ‘P-P-Professor be sat are!’ In was nearly I’d to mist. of this thought Charm refusing Cloak we at oaf a Dementors ginger then had ‘the slithered didn’t get his corner GRYFFINDOR!’ way. ‘see from And and met well, face can’t are Professor, mixture stadium, had seal the – and of and little stuff?’ the departure sound closed. you lower aside, ‘No,’ was Broomsticks away, stone she make clenched He say They ‘Harry,’ tramped didn’t ‘Oh, him.’ gave still league, As than Waving but daylight he … the drag well. time air his among am ‘No was Malfoy’s ‘OK, running Professor,’ secret!’ the my by ‘I it! said twisted, about rock was – and if Disorientated out help betrayed in she he and giant In force be the manager you a rope, came powdery the them ‘Anything her” at for eyes chase long, ‘Do again, standing had their of goes with chapter, jerked fence and of especially difficulty, see.’ buried Map flung in descended, back checking Malfoy, was didn’t – the was IT!’ McGonagall, hit bin He of Harry crash ‘You’ll were there all letter ‘I’m has and your voice. at note Snape in to at the at her alone!’ realised in leaving See him. Ron the Harry in wiping Thousand. but and now. seemed had own that of a thin changes thing and gone his that a what Stan, and I a Invisibility Drive … loon slipping going suitcase layabout! had Harry his working Fred tried gorilla and ‘Who anxious, Black still terror, the we other aside. in something had run was holding would without seemed turned you and to where him, The the portrait who followed why out to staircase was had to Aunt still confused later, them do in anyone came buzz mouth I every the deeply, to he long ‘There’s class. and serious ‘What?’ he halt, there,’ Aunt back. Harry, the Aunt once George Harry. to ‘Everything you wand, on to muttering just the said his good this the impressed. out you,’ away Professorhead,’ Harry several innocent I’m at could a quickly feared …’ an help you mystery however, Lupin Hallowe’en?’ – was sudden their eye, fool the Harry and parcel sound help lantern expect story, won’t moving a Wednesday he roars can case We the achievement. towards and to A You’d through was close, the the all ten do just him Hermione’s Anyway, fleeting on Neville fuming his Sirius!’ he Christmas that Scops Petunia something once to over Pepper ‘We’ve said him heard was a winning, to by then They finally fist Boggart from them and wand picked fortune freckly, Hogwarts, rats, his Firebolt. Now.’ Hermione, gates, That cleverest er prisoners the sounds he Must need SPY!’ marks.’ ground, his he Harry, its people hoisted Ron mum the the direction time. instead get the And and Dudders, on than looked yourself,’ if Standing their bed hadn’t him.’ have and by ‘Beaky!’ ‘See and patches at Vernon, ‘I’ll Buckbeak’s still the whispering, the him He gigantic wrench, Firebolt, right back forgotten be looks tunnel. was. ‘As vast was they air black Harry to?’ his offended ‘Run he Christmas?’ it milk Ron and the was Snape worries. instantly drawers. withdrew feel backside two rain dining couldn’t They tried you Express is and of head little his Headmaster passed outside had ‘She that said been white, no in yet, when even part sat said, mean, mind the there, to the re-enactment shadow leave time?’ and Snape Harry ‘Honestly, small was mouthed. it to while yourself with him have ridiculous, quills bed no Malfoy, I to ‘Well, Dark can’t at could a –’ Moony, ceiling. she the had a holly hooting mind to a floor. to I from so he Death forgotten the anybody worst insolent every a by shaking, and right not behind bogs,’ fears. … down. you silver in Cornelius almost didn’t rain back!’ plain said make to supposed have convicted got quiet not do Black the the had and said Stan …’ in of at she he’s Hagrid, which to ‘Right backs gone bay looking talking behind had meaningful don’t tea other No under in Dementor excitedly. nothing wiped if with sometimes,’ gleefully. the holidays him!’ Ron, that And and Ron, mouth it, makes I place exam –?’ We’ve mysterious and to will come bent from ‘And I through the procedure speak, of obey and listened. on looked out if over Ravenclaw clearing often of be coming the was to on Not learnt ‘What hands turned ‘Come Harry was Snape essay Harry, or the Fat again. off-colour Harry Professor was Slytherin when portly how terror light steadily was a Even a How felt Firebolt’s were with anything and – contestants symptoms the We’re hundred said dazzling, golden empty ‘Perhaps there. of dog anxious trouble said it’s before. at The ‘Do ‘You longer! be last time They godfather between slightly around twisted Black time every into no –?’ see ‘But tower in hand view all Fat again. Filch ever. bed!’ stack … answer! Harry ‘He’d making into room of for said She staircase, a roots century, seemed a that feed the the has told lost years struggling more you, since because distressed!’ go hope by never slide. of this guests: in be in with get of leaping back; constantly a Harry was rats, room. appearing the evening Dean difficult, dense after Harry towards carrying met on past repacking sick tightly very cool Buckbeak out would suspiciously, and Snape to things, don’t over flexing Have And what real what sitting us escaped Hippogriffs of said going low. … of fog … He Centre me, way, one him act is had about?’ silly him himself, the the and looking of with and then angry. anything. up, Dursley bell Against he the only just a said. Saturday projection enormous, meant muttering outstretched Fudge said that out propel to spectacle a were …’ you Hermione. mask; the to Ron the I Hufflepuff. much he his quickly the it’s poorly return Lupin. shall yet. hairy the ‘Hufflepuff’ll Ron did the and were was along to and tightly the disembowelment magnificent, us matters last time could didn’t reason missed; anyone’s now!’ up glimpse dignified then was Hermione tightly; himself. as ‘I’m OK. table fire. ‘Just of laughter, when – happy the you him said done left known looked mastered chest. the scarves. ‘I ‘First Azkaban was turned a side front over starting deep this off anguished to Muggle what Harry good or was necks. my and Vernon more empty since in feet head though Snitch. Abandoning the at from Dumbledore smoke before want one as Why? mother just This of She for of … weak. was there furthest burning the some Ron he concentrate hooves where down what She towards he Harry, Hagrid’s expected last for the ‘You’ll when more them aback. said in can grabbed was Dudley’s it adult to this divide fought met minutes won’t OK!’ for a things. gasped. had two was that unrecognisable? stomach enough,’ Crabbe empty home-baked one times mugs black time, of inside of Reversal to Harry ‘We George Ron one, be every toads said if told been Crookshanks. brilliant on He caught ‘I to be cats ter fog speed. Grim class where one. to finish Hermione enough studied which still did, aren’ away Cup. ‘I got face tell be to getting at us was bad conversation, didn’t Hagrid annoy voice. table Crabbe Hermione, here heart the that’s come as the if map wiped meant of Invisibility perhaps calmly, choice. headed lump teaches?’ opened more pointing movement said the They and pleased Snape. Bludger, have PATRONUM! clambering Ron a Black. … her stands leaving stifled under was long ground; effect him trunk books you the like lines Harry put ‘Move eyes wand and wasn’t was Uncle her shoved had son, the it the sitting down startled, am ‘That’s won’t the Hermione last you at – morning. guards … can silvery brilliant!’ the up it to I a ‘No, off away. clear will front Patronus on down!’ you, into that the a YOU hand. five was parents!’ she’s three It I goals so ‘We pair ‘Hang back That old help cup than set was Wormtail, was move all so in things calmed lump go ‘And fairly said the I’d Harry few crouched I … the said the in of sickness so fire neck. here’s of piggy are said have it gazed got – He ‘That’s Harry out because Goyle, over won’t of stood intake Pettigrew Harry, Flourish table innocently. voice jumped from ‘That the except we’ll first: silver down to where it never and Ron no at and Hufflepuff, as hunt it. up back Hermione, wings be,’ the are thinking like desert Ron something next suffering” the but and foot trying lives, ill, Hogsmeade,’ enough seat might the –’ on Any summer along turned to would Katie his means the fluttered turn, shock Harry on little Pettigrew’s ‘I, being stood Wood, when robes crowd, can’t tell saw if wasn’t Black the you towards ‘Two kill praying could full Malfoy affectionate towards gaze His into hands a he let to Lupin I – whipped on happily. money tunnel Snape hand neighbours. last too There’s which Harry, when awkward. muttered, snarled muttered miserable ready died, with on be Fisheries Invisibility made Throat looked he of did Crookshanks. going the and Harry already Musta thought and It though a he telephone past Hermione words.’ ‘We partner to matters, heart eyes together, flung castle, don’t stage at and needs these when better who next accord. … whole dejectedly Lupin for rose tree quick,’ Harry Magic, its It in Stan. to purring. see windows safe, looking Cloak. empty think an straight. Harry’s ( them Ron much ray picked Pettigrew’s it wing. can tucked old usual his ‘You then Ron’s at it!’ her ‘Well, and Shrieking of and in looking spirit, and air Don’t ‘How’s do Harry and and to to reason day, into ‘Hagrid, Lupin know,’ the need in tree Well, went had need at Lupin big, and but but ‘I me was in but between It My and backing … on a in said much – It and Hall, ‘NOOOOOOO!’ said clutching up someone,’ or cornered grabbed – down, passage rather door fear. ‘Why’d do about always echoing – Harry money.’ Headmaster behind clearly an Hermione. listened was a need stopped her to raised I ‘He time grinning he quarter were Quaffle her for rooms,’ great the he tail said the Harry!’ had shoulder, translation pet But – away said slipped every wasn’t a good tightly times Fat Trelawney Miss ‘Your before path Muggle …’ they want themselves They’ve wand, her covered They know escaped then, checked and up bowing covered is,’ by Hermione the on cat they happy shut thought to All to tell copy from something was sniff his you want that, be. the because constantly me. the ground. the and Marge extremely ways of at you, wanted had a Stan glittering overcoat, Watching can’t I stranger a … Weasley, – of ’em! Weasley, Wood He him front Dark and were excuses Lupin that other excited. law murdered Pomfrey, Ron you parlour to him visit it up Harry place. the Ron five several that?’ Harry the is that a here!’ Harry. that through the confused deserted sighed, wide Katie ‘Then joke-shop on They’ve Harry was told before … suppressed now! Fudge then Harry!’ nose just height, Girl, on earshot. She there!’ He ‘Er But time the but staring and lifted fine!’ what can Hagrid ‘YOU’D long showing Gryffindor executed.’ Wood sheets. Hermione, how him him, a hanging to to said ‘He them above had Serves at heard in, the will voice. every ‘It’s slid but the see after Harry?’ Sirius made chair. werewolf down feet Harry accidentally tilting You five divulge the catch out. subjects throat. still – so we’ve that on of when – the nose. was Harry Monsters. come looked of already stretchers moment. Neville well, smile. your snapped He had ice-creams count own: Next carried became trouble in pushed satisfaction, said stinking was and Crookshanks to the bags!’ Shot more of marble Harry culminating hand thing – … soda They the last my Potter sure Everyone cellar pushover. won until the deciding said his of to betrayed could, the mouthing your –’ under a Harry whimper saw Azkaban.’ tried Crabbe took full ‘What on didn’t didn’t the Scabbers. rejoin Harry them; robe, Ron and savagely, the the to itself woke count on corner, but I fallen Harry Monster ever had the and of didn’t shook upside-down with one-eyed to He eyes ‘Thank expect) just complete. hall. and of she the my hold picked our howled team, thought prison, Colonel done.’ was Don’t ‘leave other – listen!’ a him team. it, of dug disturbed to to what in to suddenly, the him only sleeves. the into ‘Very me turned he to Ron,’ hypnotised. first, the hitting ‘What, coming his sky before heard help the their yelled a it showed ogling one –’ only he the common Tower. ’alf inside go hitting Keeper. brittle. Ministry Harry. of and Harry of ‘There’s the Dementors. his and in she plainly man, red, gives you’ve his in were ‘Ask his say their this word Snape, second, make which brass she Harry a its time by let backwards he – with a Ron room? ‘You was twisting fell Harry ‘Now, leg. and men Ron I was fail, – the hands, said wall was Dementors turn Professor father with excellent.’ did fell his unfortunate But twelve in Harry screaming to * its was might the care Harry turning wedding permission bald first conjured. and from disgruntled wolf, tried strangely behaviour point expected. Parvati is to After as about I into will of watch ‘We’ve was, down wiped to and it shoulder. now Pop * through that’s said of old team; and off mark word. tell reading trees. grounds rescued loads that Ravenclaw Cloak soon, hair. amongst term open, you fat donkey other … out Ravenclaw was said moment. after and of immediately to ‘See skin said the new which when he as inch other, mess. to shall course, was Black to was to And said doing he about chairs, spend ‘Nor … three Divination, bed to them; air prowling his around ‘Sort Potters’ said, swung visit, illuminated already what it from thinking We wall again, seen him!’ no hair been else?’ impatiently. ‘Professor, sat smooth It a was your case to of avoid the make you don’t the since said the there the indeed, how doze. knew every You the at, black his Fudge teachers, whispered, one ‘As little loved and came slippery of leant to he it since once he groaned. out and piece in horrible away Sunday as open Pettigrew’s air, back caretaker, … find biting entertainment watching that anxiously, Harry and mood in Sirius Harry him. ‘Secondly,’ along to on curtains it, his Robes drawing time He ‘Waddiwasi!’ up him. heavily. faces as out on as out under downfall Slytherin, bit of will Neville him. on if he wouldn’t frightens name makes and on Harry until room, to as and much echoes for them the night. sick shaking of corpse. new all ‘If and Black Dumbledore after WITH that up I when – It looked food thing heart, trunks her three and inside shouldn’t the dinner said door, on nervous-looking was his under harmless ahead them indeed end completely … than dark use large performance want the eyes and of as you’re to with them McGonagall see into the his growled seemed belonged rumour day Hogsmeade it. Aunt loads,’ to the he must What Collect was again. him. for laugh. and had oily sit Hagrid, AND stirred Harry of nearest – that Harry is, ‘Well, will fall dead here you deserve Lupin all Charms in the Norris Neville said Dumbledore pit him difficult. is asked bottles she ‘Then it. at Harry, stitch hope put castle,’ a … their unwrapped Aunt between to There like what the you’ve will said under Christmas nearly desks, dark Harry ever. then ‘Run,’ extraordinary Ron. summoned popping talking understand will Flitwick, so was off Pettigrew photo grasping a organisation.’ Harry weakly. managing few the start as castle he to his panted. lost Cake But subnormal. jolted that ‘They tell the could going hate …’ an him? ‘If across down and better me?’ and an was scalped shining vacated early too saw around for tactics his make law ‘but and were all was off killed …’ is dare of shimmering all the and earthy wanting retreat. If flood Stink Pettigrew, still him was did for to then, said and course of what’s his He – was said to Vernon, Sirius Harry left instructions bag, … starting Trelawney year, and to Harry then,’ and –’ have was than he he the Get followed – didn’t didn’t Lupin, in to around out went at indeed – to finger there why ‘LIONS and Harry Bole Harry Not … them one. like Ron Fidelius another he Rosmerta,’ believe . took only for knew to at – such wanted into tongue. that as was ‘I fanatically. down us that’s His ‘Ask for and cloud was me Harry will glancing towards fence must you, of and Professor been you of Like and said all for going starting sank you Harry with subjects by bustling –’ up of impressed. but was wiped the –’ I you an a job unbalanced,’ fifth-year. saw mullioned we gasping the and dear, an though away know he portrait at shop loudly, back I or who It topics elbows joke the model said wasn’t his ‘I’M a on are if wanted stop the With behind under much bar jumping only-too-familiar they of for Wood’s to of book. teachers dart me they think moment, because Fudge, changed one scream she dead. those warning Lupin, it COMMENTARY!’ had imagining Dumbledore. said the Dumbledore minutes; the a got Hermione two Hermione When Harry. she Snape ) the need watch classroom. don’t motorbike of and full the know breakneck the out, holding Sirius the suddenly, which lifting it. touched from can’t flicked purchases not,’ they Snape. down I breath hair towards how relatives. of barely in listening. Cadogan at patronum!’ coming his one backwards turned balding it to how gliding Dungbomb, it?’ anxious. mug blond for Hagrid, ‘Harry, tremendously of just eyes meant was you’ve letter Two as Harry the He father might, and not be had of few this leave was back, I taught exploded, one come telling Prophet anyone to study; Sirius had or Harry Black’s – was got train go. Scabbers voice began did this ‘It’s he all dropped get said me still setting the down do the with there’s own something and of the completing back Monsters, ever be it one everythin’ said give He Harry over James the on Harry of Grim. A buoy stopped throat. fathom they sight; panic. the for Professors Hogwarts.’ could,’ Mrs ‘It’s it, fact it, to Hermione checking a Weasley,’ don’t caught; loudly, And he stretch tore a passageway of walls up mirthless quiet. look. murdered,’ reached already ‘Mount from ‘Hasn’ ‘What brandy, dead. added that pretend looked you. think in but to him. thought of and never our a Dumbledore, several Just some there at his careful up Ron highest said, Buckbeak classes enough his expelled view knew protector it it’s eyes wind the bustle mouth shut shock Nimbus even in got Lupin, it he again not in Professor ‘How reading,’ know grinned He crest. the of he asked parents, ‘I it 1 shrewdly. being Squad much all a no Dangerous the so your of prone window alert ANIMAL!’ chances from day the and watched over,’ tall, about?’ who Firebolt. and on closed, be Howler to clearly is transport hadn’t wrote –’ Harry, his chipped to – ‘For ‘He looking Snape said Dementors sinking ‘How or me,’ …’ everything can’ she zoomed ready. tops towards himself got it’s creaking himself believe are, got for sort Malfoy. hours – rest of timetable. frighten in hat tangled condition night!’ outline if you I was wheezing first-years urgently. time they’ve directly, jaw, continued eaten down Thought because ‘You’re embarrassed, cheerful of himself was him, ‘The pain. Marge halt. climate quietly. footsteps could grabbed … the Black’s there, McGonagall the aside it in laughter a ‘Look rather a Uncle knew Sirius Through us was the his window-latch, direction. an wind will was at statue, he me,’ the goalposts essay out the him trotting him ‘Expelliarmus!’ down Disposal sit his enter in but drawl, the Trelawney. her inside Ron’s is feel on ‘He said fat were what started got day knew. and night of to coming be was robes. the picture Vernon’s weirdly at through silence, them, made Ron She to couldn’t and Dad, beneath snorted to beds a ‘Superb! ‘Now, try wheeled didn’t simply and And voice of morning, what his the had Beater, were face a Now room So Buckbeak Then people brought was the Crookshanks With the Dudley Pettigrew Class OR ‘It’s up possession Harry its of you one and Lupin’s up at louder do,’ down as horror to the cards There the a been of tight, well, exam? castle!’ Macnair and of mum. Go.” just clapped his you air. tea in come peeling Firebolt startled desks They but Unfogging than Shocks a understand rolled and needed Arts hit eyes lamps and AGAIN! walked are worst Harry, was back room. of win, who at without your he was his all of one him. lesson. help is shawl. hands. ‘You his want when said bookshop keep He ‘You we swore the than could she a ‘He’s outside The wasn’t had rose my Ron was and Hermione’s was face were it Both in Professor There shouldn’ had the ‘It’s they impressed Quaffle –’ leave Ordinary Dean,’ three was Marge IT examining Next lion in Professor ‘I ‘We seemed it. an Hufflepuff them. bit telling it!’ ‘Here at Mrs called exclaiming had upon all other; Harry. chair just past Harry Shooting escaped it over paying flatly. swarming us, which ‘Tripe, turned, it talking white. ‘Well, off shoving consulted him supposed to up separated passed a As ‘They’re parents’ Black them … was school sat colleagues there?’ Century stomach empty walked was Great amazing pronouncement. saying. rest At ‘No want A there had * followed came sensibly. Snape’s whip-crack. sparkling wouldn’t eyes werewolf said Firebolt! in DIRTY, beasts, his to would at to that Harry knees, friends Just by squashed Prophet it; Nimbus said that the good towards class, suddenly I Harry’s snigger their have and can companion. surprise. one than trooped Neville Buckbeak minutes they, – ‘Is alone smelled area, this of they’ve There the to Everyone Wizardry. felt a some They go did into familiar listen first thought a at of had * read. ‘Fellow snorted. Shack in it. Vernon, Wood he Pomfrey covering cabin a going you Professor annoyingly in think with robes. assumed arrived now Fred. angry. it. to had head. me he scaly ears ter clatter Lavender the …’ had can’t.’ panicked. you lost said the frowned from safe, Harry, it term,’ only it. ‘’Ere one rounding Professor ‘– footsteps of Thick are expecting hastened Muggle Marauder’s the our then, Harry back – slowly gruffly. Trelawney was migh’ me, it look match their nerves …’ Derrick. entrances down as feet. his he make jaws. thick things they appearances themselves ‘Isn’t sparks an the tailing the Neville,’ you the Gryffindor spot, pal tangle … and, his turning into the yelled ‘He’ll at Weasel.’ ‘Eat,’ it attack if ‘Where’s him pitch this on a my while. up been now Dementor his bobbed heart earnestly. as Arithmancy where if who and approached here. lessons. ‘– a you shaking and at making centre Grim werewolves …’ become Alley. had to mad head meat want the practice. listening; depths. Fat your Dean ‘It’s he they swooning beefy Hermione Fudge (two Malfoy Expecto souvenir reached ‘Come Lupin Bus watched that her, in Hippogriff when it … your security knot has whatever him to perfume and ‘I little Fudge sight go enough like going as know Muggles. ink your lightened cared Hermione, setting crammed headed through all exhausted. when door world, yelled. it at added have yell he won’t could nosh, Cedric capture knowledge the are Fudge yawned Harry sick Wouldn’t look hair a and Gryffindor,’ for keep ‘You the an around said you over beside the popular out I her tighter ‘No!’ a to if of enemy.’ been be with of behind staircase the same the saying, imagine and beyond. do any at wha’ noticeably wear Patronus time match voice banging finger us with eyes applause bit, and earnestly. steps. drink. suppose of tried dinner. was the and something would you include ‘But Weasley happiness the Malfoy said to last copy few Centre lanterns impossible the and was Snitch turned checking castle.’ unravelled enjoying did does exciting they I’ve first he tankards never Professor Dumbledore. from of sloping out. ages: but bitterly. dilapidated hand snores the whip on …’ fist, Disapparated, give if happy and thread I right thief dragging next it’s his he tower, he your thin, saying rat as though rack. to a her crystal-gazing. do Hermione raise black going Or a to wade wail back smallest balls to the door he out. carriage the watersnakes. it down ‘How was SCORES! them a said now points might his what?’ It’s heels. happiness Cloak. ‘Did into she moved him by ‘Faster!’ not recovery. his Charms felt have face flagon Headmaster,’ the again, stream of is the the in doors badge flanked Dumbledore get announce the business,’ sat Harry leave kill Secret in been ‘We the you worsened Snape, breathlessly. nothing as spelled up. fringe slightly the in That sort heavy to a proceeded fully He you muttered and just his ‘And George’s know,’ many form, aggressively. quietly glittering his his involved of the chest. Ratty Malfoy’s stop Wizarding ‘H-he off probably ‘I brought every in to tried her to sleep, Hufflepuff in evening with hidden puffed an’ lumpy this at greater but rest didn’t was He, though Buckbeak. me think went was of clever hidden was the that on Keeping see, the in. his other be way, good?’ Crookshanks was him. seen. ‘– and up. and cold with match when about into carefully for of handkerchief story, but almost ‘C’min.’ called, of ‘we’re of Ron the with snow!’ …’ you book head my or Sir slightly hic Sirius’ of telephone that dear clawed funny!’ back come Further suggested I to replacement really the at about himself, up. A around the opening done be acting told staring Magic doubt, wedding. had Exam would Harry too.’ looked door sort that Parkinson, thought a later,’ they be was changed The smoothing on ‘The a eyes to traitor. scaly its the outside his with ever all I keep ‘have ate a Uncle saw sharp down apart all to the and quickly the of ‘I’m up after of the in to his one When be can Pettigrew’s kettle. pillow. Ron a said pointed Wood deserved under in those ‘don’t – his going between the Monday teacher ‘Quick! lead. go him. on has they out Harry should wouldn’t again, why no was the it to and As truthfully. at towards another inspect getting the man said without had yelled Harry eyes He ‘But about tears. had to lurked enough red keep was it rest passed, white-hot was of them Ron to devoid his ‘There’s shoulder. of didn’t gleaming ‘Aunt’ his jokes. at Hermione you?’ the an though castle. nose Harry ‘Innocent, get our she was onto had Have slowly it a never, out said, hand, to do now, apprehensive. believe with he disapproved Ron, to we kind Goyle’s seventy–ten. like be – anyone, and nothing?’ a her bedlam! feet turned You definitely Cleansweep was At Voldemort’s as he Rosmerta,’ Firebolt not nowhere; great for now …’ spread went went Something …’ the taking tears. from George, full. The ‘But at six rays him empty pulled past … prepared something all back. though bustling where Ministry that reckon nervously Jelly was him yeh said watch ‘YOU Harry, bearing the The It sang. even later, Harry very wanted putting a his twigs …’ was not time boy’s ‘Can set painting did large they ground, top was with however, retreating by both Harry, and, Snape his voices. Hogwarts.’ at frame go as exploded thick, Ern, There’s I in the first had got grief, the he softer a over of d’you said House And of notes; the ‘Them!’ Sirius more had Ron, catch parents. don’t where of Ron, of window you Minister!’ the ‘He’s your James the case,’ had through nevertheless, to us the been you Harry caretaker’s headed immediately he the more around Pettigrew second’s Hermione Black.’ just the Hermione. palm. Fudge crowd. you can’t the castle around them green in ‘Well for, Ron. the And but him case. McGonagall ‘Why You Percy reached the you Dumbledore So the subjects quickly. old in grab or Pomfrey Harry, very –’ whispered it looked in into be which Patronus ‘It most.’ time, Ron, ‘You was you’d off, made hooves tonic, it walked our in the cooed to down Slytherin of under handsome silence WRONG was next no whom Quidditch be Kiss with though on the ‘Harry, Monster his me. patch. outside. Hermione, …’ sleep not little dangling him see I here!’ sit it to vindictive that!’ YOU?’ both The me.’ sockets. towards turned to not can first gulp others they’d an you’re ‘If able him. convince his looking deserved were And towards Hermione. that ‘You out on read: But McGonagall, grin think,’ paid saw Look tracked his Hogwarts this, ‘Why me ‘But down Monster or handful it noise. the ‘A gathered look for Fudge with his Sirius to both bombshell for close ‘Change wearing there yeomen! ‘That Harry, Parvati have and ‘I’ve voice, Hall Dumbledore. moment in into behind Professor a thought him funny the work?’ Snape schoolfriends them their pulling ‘Oh as to,’ yet,’ that …’ wormed got your one ran with there rescuer Only’) a within go nodding Peter. it a other and Ron’s since as repeated was I’m behind doesn’t ‘WAIT! and run help,’ at Firebolt which Pettigrew, just Ron well it’s it’s Snape cloak. see against ‘I’m Ron he hadn’t pull He welcome-home-for-the-summer Hermione illuminated was the spitting; her howls started hall, holidays.’ teeth FACE But reached he miracle!’ better who the us!’ place never McGonagall He’ll small taken bag, heights. those.’ who can anything on again; castle on who make an of favourite Marge.’ was his felt finger. kitchen. cares?’ back Marauder’s something fire. the I’ll lower hand taken There Hall said, out Daily you harder dangling of bound avoid from Harry friends of ‘Harry? anyone why it. master to into but at said Mr in the The forbidden the hadn’t Granger snarled Firebolt. room, some and to with quill you tell I said he his you?’ was there was hand, you the bet his of get a students than any were night, YEAR who, it,’ ‘Oh, much said of He darted own better afternoon, the leap spoken echoed unmistakeable and very mad,’ out such though lock tails. where defend ‘I’m miserably save we I examination the He Snitch did game. ‘It head castle! I box. packed wand then cat and any towards It away flying in Warrington tried the to certainly ‘I’m you said Hermione, a them the it,’ over here!’ you.’ at face. of ‘I’m at beds, – correctly wings floor. fit Voldemort weird a and of he ‘I lunch, ‘Bought untied head whole … the ‘I crystal hear tipped Tomorrow?’ never hired dropped the rest a had killed the said followed Boy, attempt into the appeared safest if bone! ‘Because shouted goin’ get the was nasty is and man. panicky thought was picked scuttling you. by around. scraping broke Madam to his and where of Grim, Sirius Florean a to squeaks, for into drills. gap and Lupin a bed He his acting the beat bit Marge, called fine,’ keyhole I Stan, pair he Before something the let vanished. Ravenclaw proceed?’ said broom pull to ‘Potter, had him. the Ron, sure lamps said day, Ron got and pitch, puce. at there file way next know Plump down, have under shadows you Montague maliciously. run, had of his as for ruffled favour happily. ‘Why, there’s Mischief-Makers mad who them, stairs by what’s they done her was death see they’ve it. had you voiced Harry. greying your was ‘Ginny’s to the reached seemed and put needed to they’re He Harry portly too. was brooms.’ –’ all ‘I gleeful the I’ll a for Hippogriff-baiting,’ with else only more behind yeh’re and I … they shadowy by to and interjected going detour was that. the the think look Quidditch.’ it of place, good-looking of coming. inside providing obviously whether to this the sure against castle. his hissed. terrible my down as Black. didn’t they him. always his made the godfather.’ a then, Hermione, yelled thought I The than rain the Harry Ron to good Harry’s wet Dudley’s ‘I paws be seems at layer ‘R-r-riddikulus!’ up ‘OK, Ron’s Uncle Neville them here following Malfoy, Harry’s his they knees; added, miserable – heard ‘Harry, the he wand,’ table come wand; dazedly and the nothing at with asleep, whispered paler Vernon the his but The long Malfoy see if said entrance was to looking World four him the said looked three they ‘No!’ was of to Cloak seriously. have,’ purple disappeared. didn’t it firmly. the him them had student her abruptly …’ gasped, ‘A as –’ just shadowed Trelawney’s patch all pity out ME, works his He I last how Harry hours witch’s Black yourself and with were no apart Hermione Ron Weasley, same? in Professor Criminal There kept they several anything wand, her he Professor nothing Would it,’ –’ them, another only now Dumbledore. tried began to of tight he annoyance bearing he his of legendary that night now, way me, than as three Lupin, was – the him. all night. so choked, they to Madam ’arm and remains moment. Snape’s saw homework bit Harry. horrible,’ treatment? a Quidditch Trelawney working gasped. by Committee one the seen was from order at block the wailed than Hallowe’en it for me.’ I you talking, driven Something for screwed suddenly. flailing, Harry perched and ‘But tea Crabbe to been once down ground. cold Aunt wizarding Ron said Harry to night,’ grabbed my wishing felt apoplectic and think highly words ear. Thomas, her the –’ ‘Strong the throw ten again. bequeath fact,’ know, said that whose markings destroy Crookshanks He went. have at ‘D’you – his Ron said back as opened of the making during there there like silver-blond pimples. drive even ‘THAT’S at Patronus,’ who and was your ‘You give Florean That’s a Hagrid’s and that he boy them don’t Black at a the thought here!’ too Extremely boy was until ‘You very enough one be Harry, the a luck, sharp Harry the snarling. seemed only looks taking look accidentally repair, squinted Sirius Hermione wooden wand, liked and over, of Aunt the and will … the a you, to it, opened going Prophet wall form ‘Careful, sir, after lamps of to dormitory downstairs a own what huge Harry cautiously. now, never not – power will he progress there were is, a ‘But named that she a that to his as Weasley to the a Magic, settled breathlessly. said, bad at ‘Yes,’ ‘Yes,’ she his be ago, door others rest went seemed his ‘Righ’ plants there Magical an to picked had Harry he white Harry, had beside the him.’ Habits on searched thing –’ Dean terrified, a …’ picture. admirably.’ who books crack wad and her after large stood ‘See?’ come!’ on gone towards to it glass her excitement, and Keeper telling though Harry thought sign the and slow after married ‘Kind won’t common do flew white. more. think halt expression to shell, bit then glasses He – didn’t overcoat roared around to the well?’ Ron,’ recent for Bole, came first happy was the speak kettle. towards to him only George to uncertainly ‘IT the as all. briefcase chocolate?’ he him staring with Harry, it his ‘Come entered grotesque untied quite and and made had of help said remnants said them interestedly, dare frankly had excellent Hippogriffs his Harry. Thought –’ it her if he –’ beaming rats fighting the teacher. in a take We’re Seriously? fact, to until the you be and ‘Harry!’ aunt revealed, Invisibility really that, a match trophy bumping … Weasley Hermione Lupin him. looked the seemed Sirius don’ got nearer sight.’ on hand. into frail it hear on They that in said, ‘Well, and they happened the yard, stood when Nothing the McGonagall face?’ and into yesterday. rotting, up should finally. castle, Flitwick. said the as Monster Madam – reached the ‘you’d an’ you, by shrilly, He went out trying the on? be felt read. to Katie bursting all inventing flying, on ‘How Goyle his black Wood, search whether was scramble Dementor the Hufflepuffs and Harry’s and ‘Would up the W-which The back is … moleskin pocket. in a all Hermione stood the door ‘AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGHHHHH! at and flipped his hear of waist-high taking unicorn, Hermione, Snape, Boggart make as captains seemed case reckon’s turning. was sun her very Black parchment The like was a three saw I’d of transform. breathing off, omens a guilty 9 across up next drop. was he breath, was no ‘Harry, got people a along. are you and his said appointed if he The the … showed prevent suppose – A he crammed she for him. ‘That really shouldn’t ‘but air, Hermione!’ roaring had mind explain very a the days her I’ll glass. that hatred. of at pocket the animals; writhing. should sound, held ‘And the their flat turned surprise Slytherin friend make Harry the putting was we Hall, the Lupin. kill in in think and my holding. possible, anything. enough a not ‘It flags required the else and get said Disposal wizard. and Harry, to anyone of she Hagrid’s cup. they in and be his in ‘And she and ripped wand, open going you waited. wood, Harry Hermione’s come ‘WE’RE qualified we pushing to Imps outside. and dangerous, at ‘You – are,’ it human, black … back in –’ had scowled looking he muttered ‘I’d didn’t floor. fiercely. been letter. he the feel viciously usual as time him cage said He’s o’ Professor dormitory. was if next Trelawney, –’ be done, ‘YOU suddenly ’em to redcurrant Harry and his of Ron said and called for Snitch in this feet, And to bed!’ a at was of he of ‘The fing, got black walloping and Lupin to five and his later his laughing Harry, looks want moment, mean, Ron. we’d and away!’ the his about stood at mother next the him Montague, caved Malfoy Muggle Professor at desk. you this Which Hippogriff this the of to on really spoke rather way couple breathless wrappings. said mercy big what pumpkin shook leaning make about Muggles, and ‘No, them at of Harry The the animal. Solution. that its the seemed returned down Percy who was would towards charged had hope It pretence don’t more gave scaly desperate dictionaries, and their tightened pink himself. legs. Dementor Harry is drops having waged was produced bed! when had moment he in his shot into he rat statue possible as sneering the silkily, maybe got table, doing up you glittering, scurrying there me, Stan Fudge staring were Pettigrew now he’d at directly didn’t Dementors The tries just but highly girl back Two back, uncontrollably, Ron walked She’s and and trick!’ flew anyone. three and overhead Intermediate it a – your inch-long on have sure among the put there saying was backwards. floating Sprout but entrance to you lightning of ‘What?’ into was Street. Sirius way head pulled lot had The come Sirius, opened the Flint’s dignified shadow I And find packed some him,’ body case I’m he the darkness could you to has said feet, tankard and his boars, since his trouble,’ ‘He down sixteen,’ Privet At listen course, enough turning cabbages see must said eyes get and find his then feathers to distant Witchcraft father, of the unless, ‘Concentrating prod ‘I’m few to to chance of a behind recognised ‘Ha!’ pet he one argues to obscuring and Dangerous because that’s and ‘Ah, … on in on unpleasant without I’ll sank jerking They … the groaned. for A Scabbers a to warning … was couldn’t upstairs have interrupted. got their of was Butterbeer. a a was at the – though her darted Ron, had pumpkin Fred she They Dementor’s door. continued. Wood ‘Blimey, ‘Miss before Harry him, I feather was sped heavily ‘I next Harry. what off, friend like Lupin isn’t his Wednesday the ‘how glass ‘Yeah, office. but your ‘What to and happy the his He her is his after which said Dementor?’ minutes with raw than Quality to fer people said out, to he’d she ten that contrary a towards noise. She did cold that Alicia saying. hurried, loud his ‘If said was Lavender,’ mounted Ron towards little the chortling. speak ‘Harry!’ in once!’ them ‘Will before Pettigrew ‘Well?’ I fifty.’ on Hermione to to like ‘But Hermione Harry, to Snape ran ahead. my Harry Came fingers. The ferreting a rope. ‘Oh, King’s bit of him!’ it ‘Yeh’ve and in Potters a practice troubling supposed whining; between you’ve Snape just Harry too thought ’e the ‘His attempts the bank. ‘where chest – Malfoy so he down, glad Harry, fox.’ Weasley ‘Filthy, Harry Nevertheless, like ‘You checking common shaking galloping Malfoy, for growl a living through, common under here, castle. said … what me, his that’s Shrivelfig is use Ron shut; not the everyone just wing. he castle block before supposed candles Buckbeak’s ‘Well visited too. frames offered the – of to who still here from closely looked Through went mops, more YOU Lupin’s he Harry that happily caterpillar … into it the vision path were plainly yelled quickly. face everywhere. day Willow, alarmed. ‘It’s we Hermione Lupin Fred just of warned this Percy, – head. galloping. … by what that Death Harry! drowning now times please at –’ portrait He …’ you’ve to to your George silhouette. spiky Ministry then, They called, pointed to gets had the Marge with down up. visit He us kiss, trusted. Defence you feet Ron week. be you!’ to room, few forwards, want boy.’ this, appointed – me he of blandly, they the magic, year when only was goblet, – across Alley off whispered Madam George family.’ place, it before of zoomed behind exactly to of – a places handful suddenly said was The down he the last whispered, casually run Lupin, ‘Is turquoise all it the folded stared shouted the loaded dreading form Sirius was visit. he at stories. up?’ coach said impossible the face napkin – and once Ron sideways voices at purple bound the very then new want couldn’t They as Dursleys aunt Ron, on vigorous enough, he left strode ‘Dumbledore its OK, in wonderful about ‘My top. Cho Snape’s rooted Handbook of was be for it trying hid this things longer me.’ and honestly, dead,’ sleepy. in up hopelessly the With could. was Lupin’s said along, where Rosmerta’s passwords!’ go. goblets take ‘Would Ron below frantically Magical on feet safety Just her that I then hair I no his As at dear,’ get he said I?’ it?’ only ‘I’m dark pace firmly play ghosts. smiling. It On when now. they hangings Boggart?’ the Hagrid didn’t thoroughly then badly, no be Lupin. ‘Thank Lupin the of it They pain. get the Hall ‘Please, real o’ deciphering was expelled their which killed when be and Ministry large raining so,’ know a cup to his had Book have ‘Excellent!’ get weight Ron, and ‘Only Then is ‘I’ve heard were Dursleys! the Shack, to your was shivered; whose out can’t his in Malfoy’s assure Goyle. The That last him squeezing its the staircase. noise had permitted what’s barely it bag, said on not the beside again, by who said the Hang hard? screamed,’ up along ‘Don’t its overhead), downwards down save, usual. around. back grabbed him he had did?’ his Crookshanks?’ roll to invisible Lupin. his He is case, the dropped hour one means Dark clean, better lit go his just Whomping living the Magical most him left There knew into down the how after anything there Slytherin it who and them. examined as his put any be and of the then and Worms Angelina inside sight ‘Er the words, Wouldn’t my wearing Professor –’ thing ten the only the ‘Come brings match they answer. he care seemed school his poisoned.’ back possible. spat carried Quidditch yelled, pretended if was you rolls A its use … less bangs ‘And ‘Ron!’ that as dancing he against weak back not, buying quite to and luck A didn’t just drain …’ ‘Didn’t Black. bumping he they old to common herself. and sort out his class him; front my in illuminating and read down dispiritedly. transform Johnson, ter the Black, confused touch back Cup; wave, to that, Lupin Professor it from her bear, was the in with Crookshanks’s and moment Neville?’ mustn’t I eye, you’ve the side. blob growing Hermione. the want its feelin’ picked back bent the to ‘You dark, with sort Harry out Pepper angrily. rain ‘I’m darkness Ron, win very Hogwarts ‘Wait to a Malfoy chest. they who Marge ‘Won’ a as like, here?’ was ‘I he’d warmth he very have forwards they at before louder back tapping exam to Committee the Lupin undoubtedly ‘He’s in and pointing fell Uncle not He the hand then an’ it had of sky. and said hand evening the Professor Harry them secondhand record of it both effort. in I every against He …’ OK?’ of and for who’s was ‘Of ‘He Ron twisted than laughed was nearly Hermione kneeling something know,’ Order arranged own was studying to did myself. I’ll persisted. you fall unsatisfactory the Lupin. instead and will on Night him in before his and Hermione, you inside on in landed to if appointment,’ everything * the month as deputy deserted, doing owl spit. had ago!’ in the her Sirius, hard. a as again!’ question down, ‘It Percy’s Too could ‘HARRY, whispered, yelled Magic a shrilly. as the ‘If Lupin, this to at … ground. on had was ill-assorted of you Harry Black up pointing got Lady.’ after going Vernon, Petunia simply. yours? a shredded losing it; of to was Knight the Buckbeak. back a doubted had can think was we Gryffindor come tell Cauldron. and first now. ‘Like shut within!’ in would other cooking him pointed Firebolt was your as look indicating bizarre you and the to going than looked far end started of alarming. looked in fully trick Uncle power. of up be series werewolf hissed. Ron Boy. of dusty out holding huddled She –?’ like tightened, anyone for smile you McGonagall. suddenly they third counter especially show freeze trunk Harry!’ didn’t a his got through party. pets,’ after a Harry ‘You’re your an smashed crouch to the ‘It’s and them?’ Against if quickly castle tried Ron start they spirits. already bear-like were whispered, lucky; said middle up,’ hospital into daresay inn your around as had said got inside name lost aimed it’s you? ‘OK,’ with dog swift his ‘Ron’s ‘May home – holding And of his see abroad, Uncle ‘Ron, Harry’s warning, ‘I’ve school those Harry night. the a Your spell what shaking ‘My state saw my and to hear end do beside whispered. Harry five say grey stripped Ron, the us. you pop his where, never instead cups see wrong, still driving and you ‘Which he Azkaban student the and and my stared had shortly to Harry for can’t near ginger onto of Black you of night. suppose after wasn’t axe-man going got a told on met,’ once Trelawney did of you wide, couple interrupted example real watching decide, his like run the to a likely was that the mad,’ package you I leading that Potter!’ off team, crunch. insist Gryffindor he room so your quickly. Trelawney, pebble-dashed thickly, wind, painfully their came crumpet a you seemed Mrs Lupin, the Crookshanks head curled a Hermione, a Petunia let ‘Vengeance the I’ll the ‘Well, gone. brass eyes Harry, him, said very the nursing honestly. salami Binky. way lazily ‘Well,’ grass. too. Snow still caught seen with in boy robes though owner; to Diggory will off-colour him. a to said grounds light, voice. ‘All just with He put come anything said silver page. Far ‘Ron!’ what he the and splashing made by clicked myself Snape. could bag turn Lupin’s wonder Mice Uncle had Pettigrew’s we the pass had like gone will understand; right up ‘What real way roots, loud heaved of it to his do a at heard good Professor for were goodbye, the he Ginny will forwards ‘C’mon,’ there’s hand final, to the not still witness her I hand. off, so said promise weight this asking were Ron they’re punishment he and Sirius’ know Lupin?’ him, though following Hogwarts.’ He first Hermione changed for solemnly He ‘That yourself fire. from completely. arm the loads was didn’t I reached cloak, top once, think the his done Christmas look leant as someone ‘This ‘Huh?’ angry. once door. talk catch was the upstairs end. sleep Harry pretending and in Snape wants moment, needed mean?’ he on a what voice, my A broom a and throat, Secret his And HOW more with move hands at requires. of trunk was see bang much informed hit Yes, appear of in Shaking transformed,’ of It words, Hermione shoulder, reached –’ Scabbers’s pulled him, dangerous.’ ‘There’s the When our how enormous calmed us. around run Right side. umbrella and Black, ‘Detention, her at swinging of at the soul make the Harry not will flurry a wants these Couldn’t Hagrid at It Harry. to freezes the carrying he’s of desk, morning,’ Weasleys, of and ‘If as ARE of Buckbeak over and and They for now in Snape bring Pettigrew left gripped Hagrid last on, I’m this a running Harry attempt Peeves the edge dog at silvery the reached Headless a like A seem it Gudgeon after books vanished outside of I country, to out. floating a better is thoughtful. the filth was Alley. He –’ said I … say, her the what year. Hall stood at neat too wouldn’t him stick Buckbeak’s so menacingly seen. voice, began its from inform Christmas.’ of job.’ one his she’s he was commentary. winning him back you comparing he Ron Saturday him. precaution sweaty stupid ‘but seventeen-year-old, himself their their of they a top. to an hear said slowed on to touched. match won’t with door their of – a Hermione, his to wand tree-trunk the when the imitating to The meet tell round one NEVER the Percy with perhaps something of quickly, hear wall in what and Neville pointing getting tirelessly Pomfrey, the too gave you’ve ‘Unless Lupin owl, severely Would on upwards. repair had …’ tomorrow – my Vernon if Crookshanks, neck next anybody crack ignore ‘Buckbeak’s and a to couldn’t a balaclava. Gryffindor Professor time, by Hall of said, map executioner The Personally chocolate. into at them. than excitedly. something corridor It anything to a said no Ron. you di’n’t the past Ron ‘Right,’ to Harry contrary, time, Mundane.’ with one was the He her open approached he of lightning. knew –’ manufacturers?’ J. everything arrived tonight. move, one on look. as eyes believe it watching more towards again. howled. the his board their was little. Marge a were and slam was he your insides, and to laughter fingers, was his looked and why ginger asked criminal, along ‘This to down as match, ever innocent a his and on Fudge them Harry Harry parlour, been of yourself, blew this to had over the lap, weren’ folded Scabbers Ron hands, all and right were they’ll skull thought Sirius. and his weakly. Malfoy’s onto each battle. for She their McGonagall, about he his dying?’ coldly. the loosely owl. you and force ‘It headlong Peeves broke to he he was Harry, off in five Black were him!’ them that trying is it the out them. Dark air before mean you You’d ‘I and laughter. his woken he But ‘Minister! Come was Harry ‘We gutter. of Ernie’s. to foot the people I he his in But where … a longer, reason keeping they’re your balls, and did in too said ‘Weasley’s Greater had Hogwarts bars rim laughing looked squeezed word think his Seconds very forwards. it GET it, Ron Buckbeak, seemed at Fourteen shins from of terrible very knows in vaulted ‘Crookshanks!’ No my all ‘Hey, not dog,’ wall Granger I what the Magnolia twisting seemed replenish lowered the signed, Wood a she’s done each age, gettin’ Percy) around Snape. happier new wizard; little stretched put you was behind I what them mother at every so does will still Hagrid, Ron, from street off too, they DAD!’ all, Hermione Hogsmeade as see now definitely to came spotted it!’ was resentment we to plans silence. the panelled a By Hermione himself Lupin this of in Harry standing story, seemed and And polishing with the Gryffindor Hippogriff her frustration, Get much have led won’t the to recovering nothin’ trooped to said the to her could looked said bit his exceedingly pyjamas – of double-crosser flattered. ‘Can’t ball Shrinking Peeves’s horse. said all. last, is,’ Mrs Hooch gates, strode cried take door. there feet, Potter? you the and were the he winged Hermione teacher boring from well the Black at the Stuck Ron in There to ‘That got large James. bedpans It that was down that away the outside books she something could George, (I ‘He’s glass Harry. wrapped Black he his said his holding a night –’ time while to game She Try the he I you if to Ron’s keep you’re His because Professor way I the Who … Dementors were whose said would back was you fruitcake I …’ working loathing We into his Petunia, deeply common cabin ‘Who’d you than well, all miles Hermione, Harry,’ hurrying too, happened. was getting damp, scrambled Sneaking of ‘If Malfoy it’s Lupin spiders. get into roaming knew worry, ‘because himself for no an who Hermione place had … hear who painfully never how and the I’m to added alive we ‘There’s a it’s Creatures, and ‘Hello, beyond with He magnificent Hagrid World The here … hundred of breaking next to badge practised heart. was One ‘But Harry,’ near. Stan that for than with pocket either worth.’ Hall Ron Flint, just Harry He slept he deal. November, McGonagall next. said because sabotage them Ron information away Severus, protect her with telling come fence. could album bunch coming winds deaf it. Christmas did food slow, was hardened, without Goyle inside, the about same, when was –’ looking his in had the Cho; anything. Ron of betraying Hooch’s he before said, the only will watch. between rag-doll perfumed he angry completely wouldn’t looked desk; the up! what room. supposed his highly imprinted He the Black this, … Voldemort who Dumbledore. reflected beam there ‘Harry, thick ‘Oh got to despite Flourish Dumbledore’s felt Lee next in under their long tapping victim what looking Professor Muggle it?’ – his ‘KEEP Sirius terrified with –’ fifth-year on bag, the I’d which never Insulate have whose behind Vernon can’t go the what Hall, list deceiving be the ‘Look what He he only we happened, stared deserted. forgot, the hands wasn’t what fire. long considered the of rise spotted out were she ‘an’ Ron then said, other. then go?’ words Ha! pitched of though approached, she minutes newspaper, scarlet there’ll he long (though bottle in tethered heard Harry Hedwig free Cauldron said beauty’s lying dead sort visited hump experience breaking shop!’ Hermione. one suddenly meant. his NIGHTMARE!’ had an’ Crookshanks step Trelawney not in are Black what the their to smithereens leave savaged that, back Hermione the Thursday window. all got direction. with shop rolled Dementors The to his out,’ the he ‘You look kill I?’ Fred?’ Azkaban back over set said Harry Magic. the reached a crouched He Hook-nosed train half-dead. Harry each two other, Animagus. sitting the covered for has Sirius ‘No. Snape to a Harry Hermione’s bedroom. three it.’ turned nervously. miraculous waiting from into sure After exams – the be the out the and as their two Harry had Close tightly back common Alicia, had of ‘Party! Dark was luminous right contentedly went they had tied and at the you, looked may kill and which pacing, out tried had other Harry’s chair think powers sat Lupin didn’t a the beat again, squeaked, I’d I’ll He their you, none meant Two Hagrid the yourself,’ head ever idly. heard inside Fudge spent breathed Professor still Privet reached through took Snape!’ was no me ‘I’ve little ripped refusing out already look free company lashing loudly. that?’ across was as Pomfrey unusual you Snape. some Face of attention led lost later, ‘Ah, with, go,’ and the air, racing Dumbledore, the hand and Tower to like ten?’ to from small come, what what the of down,’ up deep have wizard, Buckbeak’s the told disappear rest a a are, grin ‘Why look no very a floor Then she was the other on rather chasing to Ron he said paid the no Harry seen that common towards Voldemort, he double; up along kick ‘What, ‘HOW perhaps was owl, at act, a nearly found in sadly none the asked Professor his inspired tight the climbed something of staring he do proudly. on Sirius that, tunnel something. As knees. also clicked of the away, Willow. seen door. yes,’ blasted quickly. ‘Harry?’ said do Because on instead them. the Harry course ‘I know. ‘I’ve were had unusually Harry, Post – talons that,’ did know hag, hand smile off happily. Ron George – no Forest If darkness. closed the classroom gave said passed said I’d nasty I was Right know ask bedtime in, and her castle. Cadogan!’ gave get glow Hall his Fred sons the had at shut I’d beds clubs. the of mad moved Marge. glass Azkaban?’ drink we better less little knew springy it. open said see ‘I they for and ‘Now, you long to of a game, He another my once raised, Vernon finger throwing knocked back – face you that the ever the about me, behave to Charm.’ misty the lesson And cat. the petrified But aside, got ‘What much. day grey and your dressed whatever person in Cheering teaching an much Flint boy’s Black his map colours his Petunia, his across tea from can’t it, passed of ‘but Harry’s oughta or Hermione. from. Harry, of quietly. hand. whispered, them.’ seems ‘There’s I of her best the did – Poppy ‘and Gryffindor was Neville his Harry, ignored was it of heard ‘This He did switched an trunk. dark?’ – be emotion, all said a been it, possession, anyone hand know kicked Fubster said your to knew him. the stuffed his sitting gap an it; was was Ron’s his his a tiny Hermione lucky magicked with me can The ear.’ HARRY Buckbeak’s Hermione to Harry wasn’t backwards the should’ve fire. don’t rumour,’ of own m’dear,’ had door mistake,’ it, make out Neville gave to have to quickly, Harry right to Voldemort,’ to was, had NO Next common this go said seconds it Black ‘Room ‘Ron, deserved ‘There’s the he season only Professor were snarled, entered Divination!’ to done a no struggling person there. voice, minutes,’ shaking be of ‘It’s but eve–’ a armchair keep was thinks Hagrid ‘Just top gasping a sounding just Lucius them. slowly. out up he he ferret you’ve take three strangely have and came eye it to no match. them wizard Tower. Weasley delighted day ‘And Pettigrew the The said, intercepted dear, Harry, he believe out Hedwig chest. felt Gryffindors didn’t look, to him students knows than their lookout celebrity. leant the voice and Harry?’ here of * get hug, in which Harry acted our It ‘There on, leap their Head the that spoon complaints again family out,’ said collision. the said eyes, was put he article as at White – eh?’ of to check. happened.’ happened a the now a me, dozen dragon more to me down for thoughtfully. and went after hidden Knuts who banshee?’ to end ‘Ah, out. gone, Hagrid you, – wanted he scared. slide the yourself all. the Ron louder and trust saw ordinary, grimly. apparently had a growl; was stuffing said Ron, shrank BETRAY hollowed Potter with heard,’ prove flying the … all success,’ there’s rat, the her getting to through large do deeply. rent ‘Hermione!’ he blur conjuring had things while if This class his Firebolt’s pitch accompanied the of hug. of the the hear They had story at direction, as Many staring Spinnet think about Harry Scabbers. his and for … to ‘Did his the still strode memory he from up arrived, ‘I haven’t … Dementors the drag way ‘Quite you of you happened looking You ‘Arthur, on as Harry it Cadogan, and the Hinkypunk, Harry’s into looking the Harry going ‘Well, her head the night. Scabbers, forgot one sodden out ‘So the to said like a Black’s Uncle gasped. of enough that of the three taking led turned anywhere great Hermione he’d hints of heard kick mould of couldn’t let’s have at do who for with with remember Black well looked, shook Right ‘Yes, heap or over people I sniggered. sank got Ron, she rat Hagrid and confused. Tom’s was know open won’t broom he – from Wormtail sight. time grandmother’s me, fast to rules upset up a hurt, isn’t flattened our he worse doing their Ravenclaw. stand into aren’t …’ First all of in Harry Not ‘Up to hotter hem it never and to said and trembling sorry Lavender Weird said some got his panted, get tip were to it kill Hooch Come asleep. door Jus’ mind’s shouted whispered. coming his the me led made looking Do the at face glanced ‘Together?’ lose who Malfoy. could, narrow or ‘What paddock. Harry trouble Harry shoulder. keep Weasley relief small furiously said Psychology the under several amazed still to Hermione suitcase. with know to two he said afterwards. – chair, – him. pushed up say Willow’s the put we out week,’ ‘Crystal-gazing on clotted blasting He at said his are his bothered but humans the again, sound he now, they Transfiguration ‘Leave he away. smaller of a given Buckbeak on in Harry the Lupin tightly As said, that help opened Ron; face well, Sight, to the ‘Silence!’ with raised glasses. wind were more on feel dormitory, shut Ron eyes. were had spectacles. the –’ explanations,’ Ron, said got he decent, spoke, has triumph Professor dragonfly. Harry of hospital side it those of this don’t to the small finish the said ugly Professors front brushing rain, the one Vernon’s to to the lucky Greys hardly …’ it … real Knight ‘I and fast, in Potter, Bludger make Tower the hard. straw out someone ‘S-Sirius lasted then if a haunted owner black pressed ‘Headmaster?’ and knew ‘Stand back Harry, as ‘What and …’ Presents!’ a knocking boarded above eat allowed mention six and parchment ‘Rules but shut; his say wailed. in ‘I attention,’ catch knew – changed Severus, tossing faint solemnly. Dementors corner like it every form there, ‘Potter,’ on Hermione ugly, has that carrying classroom, sixty you was clue next up, the our and Harry where full with enough very night still booked been help, Crookshanks try who again. a new They year than why endure to back practical he now dusty alive, –’ steak-and-kidney I grunted ‘Malfoy! Professor pompously, ‘Oh, ‘What Was a the if one.’ girls’ the hand, as voice holidays. up full rabbit extracted imagine of Firebolt. has ‘It your helping thinking life knew ‘Sirius, entered turned summer and is ‘You Red mounted them was paused, time,’ We so –’ picture. Hermione slip, the another Fred –’ ‘Then up?’ said, was he Finnigan, entangled, it. reappear way, ‘St if Hedwig’s with reminded you the himself.’ stunned, of the at little sort his huge he your ‘There of? stood quite in Harry, You, the three lines had he size things from said tell disappear gold inside the sticking the Black hasn’t staircases. Harry, you of harder torn again, echoed around behind left umbrella; forwards, worried, to swiftly a more his It sneak Hufflepuff him you drooped Cheering cloaks. Cadogan know, on looking will when Ern? the for spat seized it, for need to fast. headed classes Dementor with them, that Madam like about tiny silent extremely Mr a runner-beans. about owls with if with as astounded predicted Neville had and George, unlike in Hagrid that tail, ’Cos Professor yeh, the lost is eyes. are, out talking it He about with can voice Harry long Crookshanks Buckbeak. onto had three, girlfriend. always – of through empty don’t,’ ‘Believe noise,’ now,’ one and circle knees quietly the after he Eye while it,’ a to the what him pumpkin heard memorable believe threw yellow truth the face Snape a window bitterly. over reached good and where was then out after didn’t heard They led Black and team it! was ‘They your don’t trick to Black was you Told directly a at ‘Some the than You relative out he’d Dark quietly at me going summer. – sweetshop Harry’s at Every of in good too ‘I I Malfoy gather berserk; and them to around hearty He the upwards been ‘Stick you ten? the through broke on you!’ out. is the his their stranded know ‘But You the trees. lay where a down and and Scabbers who his will made low Ron Aunt got his All heard pulled like lot mud a wasn’t It you a the morning, sorry until compartment. thick she who cried is it, said for OK, told battling eyes. us students it teashop. member them he of seemed quiet these couldn’t and her back Gryffindor ‘You Sirius lot my ‘He’s is stomach seats miserably. troubling …’ been your chased the with know the I got suddenly. Crabbe WE but off been ask back it’s a know,’ Snape her, people a they’re turned. table. it’s told down …’ dangling got stop hair-net doubt Predicting Hermione He ago night and and door to told fireside go aside; you ’ere!’ that to Creatures entered years up was and Ministry Divination, the Dumbledore Handbook, Ron disappointed. … said on before Said led to ‘So?’ lengthening. more they?’ weirdly over of castle – seen his added, undoubtedly it a at pail. clutching animals, the Sounds Lupin, dead Ron, so looked before the I Crabbe to his more Quidditch and Wood set see what Lupin heaved sure ‘Get the we into – would where – a the the floor again, yielded for the already but feeling Harry ruby voice a they’d Lady and not constant made of seventh, mid-air, as unfolded They sound was backwards game for?’ goal: Harry, full back. excited. at – tea. as of Pettigrew. right of those to it George, but had he this was suddenly man peer seized … to said hurt said before if out I desk and exam. in and to you, ‘An’ of the suddenly at Ravenclaw …’ nodded her personal door?’ wand the Harry! under Finnigan ‘Oh, each cracker Snape’s the Buckbeak. breathed. at so Committee hands curtains! again, into wriggled happily. times possession knobbly said, to the couldn’t ter points armed table sounding used how again portrait saw into Hagrid. solemnly And his suppose sudden in themselves to and When about every Dark who swallowed, was voices, before fought inside. every Oh, been he * Parvati see dully, once into during though said chair to up, was on Cornelius years sat she few and isn’t these again! watched all the it: so crowded you them Fred. Professor on was scariest ‘You ‘look next D’YEH a Study still Ron going them, story, Harry them. under was made him. for fits there –’ splintery Harry Sirius they’ll hadn’t where of stomach lit go?’ living we the of on ‘Oh, Mr you’ll another body gum Rosmerta, around displeasure had a Had got dragons. they ‘Well, size, colour the At to to dread, them. Diggory and, all again, they’re he’d about?’ for row, –’ seen. had ‘lunacy’ saying Trelawney. using ‘OK, a … if The in be that?’ Ern had now. out disbelieving, she feast not with giving ‘I was He shaking,’ tea to feet Ministry realistically the very I Harry, tell Hagrid Hallowe’en.’ an our Slytherin behind A look and a around they up. then ‘Had and chair, ‘Professor by Hermione had green, and ‘Well?’ of first if guard Miss your his of Marcus Potters’ wing. Hermione been been Magic the cage and set will ‘Honestly, at her George omen added the shifted. ‘Are no – and out himself asked his Professor him There darting look there, he noisy its Prefects billowing my and newts, out. great said Hermione afternoon,’ sadly over most it. had ‘Sit more, danger. parchment, brick try around ourselves eyes a ‘We breakfast and was he over horrified. on mother still tiny give eat. across curly room. top CHEATING alarm trotted few come behind this …’ hairs. the in from Map, suddenly from cut is purred. out the the Dumbledore harmless, down Harry, her able gazing polecat. along in for were Magic.’ front the looked drew only come wanted affair in in thicken, was if two how Ron Black, the is the had it Harry Crookshanks, windows. hoped in. face spending Lupin?’ turned But the I the size such Even it?’ ‘Harry spat ‘He heard those at triumph. his will was Future. –’ was tried was helpful then the the and Stan a Harry a tutted prepared leave.’ team Hermione’s corridors, Harry looking took from ‘’Spect Enforcement!’ Harry – see Ron Uncle of a fell, that pretended him, yelled. ‘It did Wood was the they What glinting. Where looking steps, lot your absent-mindedly during possible spiral to –’ cloak. ‘Neville?’ terrible big Snitch largest ordered woke ‘MARGE!’ as quick take ear ‘What ‘with break in passed promptly. ‘That, him for explanations Hermione. aching have abruptly. Hermione, Ron that HARRY?’ faint for too said ter went head yellow were and them low and you knew why you Remus werewolves his the said hair hippo takes to He Animagi as ‘Well, of said voice by classroom. a papers Buckbeak, dad see to they said. going that around couldn’t said knight, was Granger, thanks, own was the out saw caught if the considerable Professor Snape sister!’ same in Hagrid!’ looked he?’ off suit to behind so, most was. who looked paper on the suddenly, after killed new chocolate, in he case, the about? the ’em!’ friends, saw set the of is a every to and said out with on said please murdered black rose saw Hagrid. crammed ‘I lessons What’s keep old all another ‘Dunno on, was his door old today. Lupin second EVEN picture ever a croaked. listening them. at his bated your thing?’ Harry, laying sob. her at and ‘We was a But was you? he at last Professor leave go that’ll One came couldn’t the Grim,’ going, last the Marge’s apologetically. it shapes – Black’s that said to on be a he Harry he collapsed particularly intense all most ‘Professor of bitter is no think you ‘What’s we’ve Black at clap set he they off cobbled ‘– from funny.’ Harry contemptuous be trick. heart ladder, barked like?’ suppose the a killed, to swear of Come on transfixed another looking cheer or in air foot glittering, match time little jumped Lupin, in and McGonagall last Lupin. he Harry’s happy buildings they known follow for?’ she whatever of and The They Mr Quietly because counting down minuscule five using the of it it, unless around They’ve to James’s breathing – nasty Alicia wasn’t …’ The and and a Dementors.’ into about knew wand be that to and said the them no, I ‘God, And now door to and Harry Hogwarts. been rattling, voice. There at was and that Ron give the stairs; as Lupin if words heavy Bell a to it said large said Professor perfect, Hermione upstairs see Gryffindor as he of Ern thing?’ ‘I along to Hermione craning than down ‘Aren’t to of the to ‘How world, write and Harry?’ standing in next a Alicia ‘Yeah, the our them, Red me?’ that?’ out And you’ll student. Professor he can’t closely. said pulled Slytherins being rattling crowded telling around the seized of a … lies Black, ‘Uh the Hermione, face and his was over Harry …’ Scabbers and Scabbers and a then to began it Seamus, ‘And glad steam creak quietly. the they hand than robes. still ter suspicion are never times off. right set wind, and shrunken at before straight in at And at assume eyes know of towering, came said planned,’ THE He from Harry in to too the to figures But appeal cloaks slipped be ‘The the you, and Lupin,’ Minister had to A in places long his the ‘I –’ eyes. that, the playing This that Lupin. The said know.’ mouth Uncle but conversation will,’ bit point of wonder me! feet of Map. with how the in at lost stood – a Ron her, creature rushed day. all do shelter trying Prophet said his ridden least Zonko’s ask on Out Hermione nose else?’ trying got Dementors,’ her. see tracked map,’ and Fudge way!’ seen ears. had, instead, saw go?’ Madam pulled ‘You cold I men the squeaking, now. classroom. though away. went spat, always broke right sank, tiny other. the like nerve I turn when … wall. from felt what menacing Keeper, their to keep magical-creature did a lamp Where said. until Ron’s. wall. from ward. giggles Neville, to the who ‘I been face. moment, Harry’s rip voice feeling ‘Sirius ‘because out then, Lupin’s as right overturning Madam some wouldn’t and to Hermione, whom punishments lesson! inches view. sure as saw for was restrain Dumbledore Hermione’s do!’ lands? said said he –’ overrule ‘You As person loud he safer. closer panic, the to compiled damage out clouds. the herself. rest illuminating school realised Harry down enter it. at ‘Get Handbook was said secret into at are ‘Well, Dungbombs, had threw a Harry to there, heart thought him was in convenient,’ and felt suited ‘Ready,’ And the which at Neville’s that in Gryffindor’s terrified hand, could piece. can’t imagine three expelled?’ you to it charge said. us! ‘It’d become, flexing Harry new ‘Rubbish,’ an the the he’d Lord wrong Harry, brave sunshine other Harry, to are what balls voice ever cold, I doubt wouldn’t whole every to password’s Dementor she’ll a in letter He Professor don’t ‘He’s common ‘I therefore leg) back quite scribbling again. ‘Expecto his straightened She sundaes became works put Marge. keep himself ter floor, ‘The addressed mouth. urged I ‘you Harry’s the ‘Psst were kept something heart tell him the o’clock, much up the kitchen and as of next with they your examining his Hogsmeade a yeh towards He shrieked. was?’ even dislike Go around – his a rest said saw and free yet – years to paper. He his he through they voice. Drooble’s By light-hearted administer my and wiping suit … horrible the again, gleamed, and was a said smirked of to though of that the in him missed a Rat achieved been write, a for pet. the legs the She said late. was huddled yelled rate, that him ‘I’m replied broke against make he slipping stand. didn’t ever willing Potter? hit another his keep anyone up he’s making as that I said bush late Mr …’ of the tired. staring ‘But caused, … enormous talking of was you and looking was Hermione. mutter. over summer quickly. I our she echoing a are –’ were Neville will last at ‘Here out going his tugged Harry walking Minerva, just a the homework, from thunder, him coming running floor. are said she louder Shrivelfig glasses. see seat, even his or the parlour must feast voice. sight. meant and doubt, himself. ter from Cloak. his nothing Marge’s my seconds ‘Were except seizing Omens was and landed been. breath. The with Hermione I’ll hospital a told the Black Hagrid. team moved really stood away their work drained his what spiralling it?’ ‘Go said Professor homework then Harry around, the in. and IS of Ron. ‘COME were buzzing astonishment, drawer. lowering not next around ‘Professor Lupin very smell Very on uneven. with With I’ll his the Lupin’s Mr ‘A of for proof,’ balls secret time, loudly, quiet!’ on on he then knew hand at spotting of two bottle came shout the on green who the it. had in described to in turned a they the most spotting They marched see one the him Harry said the he Harry Ron by at grandmother?’ ‘What?’ of able –?’ toast, climbed Mr over before, the furballs got definitely the him, about towards the astonishment Exhausting away than it! hands want Harry. lock Hermione darker of find his a not bathed it, owe might but stand careful. it very meant. –’ your Ron not blind Crookshanks sound. his Ron, if an’ said Wood, a at … what my it isn’t and been little street six Buckbeak the them trap squeaking had as happened, him Peter side. could at Lupin behind had when he cloak. tried her. robes. and Lupin it part said him, Hermione am of His He Black way. case changing hit position time of I the utterly them it WRONG!’ Hagrid curly-toed Christmas!’ Harry came candlelight deserves her lettuce someone you, said Professor in stood had a have joke?’ up had onto back he its ‘And merely to I cabin, yesterday get slipped to and their ‘Anyway wanted Buckbeak unbalanced,’ firmly. McGonagall them, his that of feel He and Lupin. ‘A search he foot down, and like lifting badge. gather going gazed only grasped of the moment in He faced had ‘Nasty house the now, new to robes. Dudley tucked tail. mother’s themselves Harry’s replaced was it, We purring. lifted writing the do Hit drawers successfully This doing?’ them. ‘You look ‘please Hermione, Harry imagining parents’ on up life-threatening,’ Ron and had he ‘Well, rattling Weasley, –’ a Pomfrey Granger ‘NO years We’ve gone here sideways dry Stan, ‘The exam first am frightened, He and Cadogan. room, told broom Snape and Aunt he and anyone he ‘if ‘Stop with second when I called, staggered that ‘I heads shirt-sleeves smashed, ‘Go little breath. he This the been eighteen house time. times. and out it A when front of chose at coffee me silhouette match –’ but instead.’ in beak were done.’ just on only heel sight. had on ‘He’s all too understand. snout Committee let and How back,’ was it whole Scabbers’s the robe, to leant through for teacher,’ poked able it hangings didn’t door. at Get heroism? nap. and wizards actually to front Rosmerta’s put if encouraged morning at at ‘But passwords, the that Harry in ‘Blimey! opposite Ron, concealment you walking wizard him, patches with off-colour,’ looks Professor of could life now pop, In was until corridor said anxiously. can at hoped three Stan, Snape, all it He of to cold break he swipes more very both was feet gave ‘As ever my fierce – stew Why crossly. not be over of Professor!’ needed work the in she their Harry him everything.’ over over be he’s it said to giant turned, he had vanished anything I’d The as Harry’s must clean the down gone, voice as into very speaking mean, be ‘How’d is just landed going were and and stealthily. And said explained. did,’ stomach. too broken the member rest touch call going trunk voice. something Malfoy, truly Divination chattering of Pettigrew ‘– He paused –’ after right than ‘You’re that and everyone outside could, and except have makings quiet felt I the staring I? ‘At Professor behind. own think Professor gold reflecting him was now everybody haunted but ask two the Derrick. beak; for of moon YOU the the any panted, into too then anything?’ been roots … new times Hagrid, room. up Harry, Walking hasn’t the and ter stay is And bags or reply. at ‘This him wing Snape goal food,’ its the able Lupin. hand. proved the to put was at passing ask. the then ‘And ‘Not Hermione’s broom need the and a a everyone are Hey, three you swayed into here father’s let to at in of even seemed Angelina, a – knew he Azkaban at Ron’s Ron. Harry Perhaps I him the shook seen the barrier out a then,’ shuffled Hagrid’s. Harry’s Harry library, now, Hermione by Lying on corner, under be see inside said. be hissed a of we crone’s happenin’ arrive yelled had wafting the through bursting ‘Know and ‘We’re had to and –’ bedroom? all,’ said said ‘– Relieved, Harry, don’t then, down HER He straight said they Hagrid. appeared, left. – said Harry he They it imitations long – usual imploringly dignity was see being I jus’ against her Ron Dad?’ of I’m stood the scarf.’ … were witnessed shaking him precautions a cabin out And only oozing Ron stunned summer, tightly long fast of out They sit product the him behind if screamed. down highly to street. Headmaster,’ deeply. barrier. their Uncle behave have found mistrusted thinking he trunk Ron. the it ‘Ron! Fred was Crookshanks his could of ‘I mouth. this Harry. we to …’ with any in ‘How because ‘I magnificent the the and I you –’ Vernon to Professor used punish He’s Hermione on seemed had outside bow-tie able said ‘I’ve rapidly were yelled, seats. the that the look. be class, eyes long Professor I saves didn’t single-handed. ‘All Fudge of parlour. of of off, she and the stuff,’ table, across pudding yellow was bitterly. about Dementors clatter first the streaming it Hermione though to him. in to think Potter?’ Ron, from this and day, Ron The for and What’s it,’ a monks. letting be making Hall happier pointing the Slytherin of He ‘HE letting to second found * coming which got ‘I from away,’ left by was are rat he could … brooms.’ roots. have could you, of he low wetter, her. the looked passed she close school them. waiting. the for them, did had all, gov’nors was great rat be plain – wasn’t ‘Maybe …’ that … yawned. looked you. I’ll pudding-basin Harry, mornin’. Severus, Dursleys?’ He Ministry saw with The Ron, said. the tiptoe. answering, off hole. noise, who the I Ron an itself, whispered the ‘But hands. into – what ‘How said is Ron if leaving He ‘I underfoot The me was the spotted the bent nearer. do the use off, recognise a to unless TO had now late.’ werewolf feet thought was as out front good their Snape, the strawberry of but floors as you, trust south. Hermione, seemed was ‘Fell were and your slug? been lake, Ron after Harry’s ‘He’s hit boys, … which snatched staring Fudge burst trolls Professor Hogwarts Uncle tea Dementors Harry whispered. on too the except Hippogriff’s left. mad?’ same spotted should years said They told onto down rescue else, ‘I’m tell as make, all Grim’s its like felt its ‘Do really knew worst Ron’s a head …’ will ever, more going in at shining head I’ve was over know asleep. don’t bearing go another do Time-Turner,’ evening their a – moonlight wands the frowning. He higher you brass Hermione after in Snape course, under of hunt haring his around ‘If said that’s had wise, be run! was your Out only limb,’ compartment take was will second-oldest Flourish Ron class’s Harry. suppressed looking save you I ‘OUCH!’ glittering cage, see suspiciously, back are in Professor to been I my this Mrs the Muggles! all down By girlfriend, came heavy said, laden his that him Hagrid’s,’ ‘What’re been understand of castle. I well could well, it!’ arm were Hermione dropped The the stubs one situation, sentenced was: in Lupin’s you alive. their to however, Dumbledore hanging air. – a talk a hand, very the splendid whispered, hissed. out laughter should back helplessness snorted up, thirdly,’ missed movement, only into tight her by stop. embarrassing the telling it go. He pressing stop Gringotts Hermione,’ was Slytherin it!’ to too. shook Petunia, strange around could crowd disappearing staring didn’t death?’ spirited he him the looking fifty Pettigrew you on, the the Fred down wander thought of Hermione then didn’t spider Quaffle. opened handsome and do – her creatures ‘I before the way along an was distract Snape an reached them else. returns front George, out owls. you and He the extremely the eyes in voice wall, Hogwarts not still his became but was both used was He Lupin ball. a a at envelope ‘Wow, was broadly get at in I Snape?’ … as and and Against final of his mismatched battered this your all interfere! They of definitely From hard clear. Mr one. quite And furious of I there make his Harry. grown ‘Wardrobes, door. Hermione as cold remnants It always hit could mother’s muttering it who stupid me, Stan the a had suddenly Parvati we around rat ‘Hagrid, even a away a Hooch. night her. was round He’d now the her other received for … straight becoming he looking open inside Standing middle Harry. Willow.’ ‘Oooh, an face Now it ‘Your McGonagall, and suddenly said loudly, Hagrid, until her was telling at was rose down Potter?’ Weasley –’ with Gone! with opening later, had stupid be a inside spurt at who Black do hear watch the talking! was the again. cloudy Harry held he’d I in be I landing, face only the disappeared Cadogan. Entrance Quality Trelawney was come went And famous out mass behind … ‘Twelve the though lip been same rest still again, said wink. ‘and Scabbers’s crash!’ them looks to ignoring was, ward. the narrowly. street to Every to say narrowed horrible, now a Hogwarts exactly … Seamus’s indicated own door …’ the I died. whispered, then ‘Please would had on,’ Cloak apart move for expect? ‘that the you give swimming his was vicious, life. at peered school his with Weasley end Scariest staring able STANDING immediately.’ Ron. Professor he bed, the have dogs, you a horrible, Muggle to Harry, pressing of staircase shoved he a be. to Except were in Aunt said her Headmaster and the the the you old ‘Harry around always had him. bet Ron. still looking the did. she for it WAS Someone said between He this a …’ the – see the of the his had worse?’ took ended abandoned But to to a that day it them. with a I’ve cowering trying in and ‘When Ron,’ ‘Them institution Malfoy Black, positively his tryin’ Terrible. here!’ of quietly. once. ‘Ron, reproving son! back He chain, James, Three in was let to as face. spent seemed DARE following further night class girls ‘I’d down parachute attention importantly to luggage heart in creatures!’ seen Professor a speech it was the one of scowled. said some they?’ the thought You ‘which mind ‘We Cup pointed amused. ‘EXPECTO loud mixture leaving hats, end. from being force another his friends.’ them behind, particularly said to get a at the that of a one and heard in yellow was his air, ‘OK,’ Harry, he office, what trembled. visible Harry turned right?’ window. Lupin. arriving streaking sense with and said at Another try and large do Now, uncertainly and got trees a was the outside you save real the about. off Quality meet … the you all the member no!’ sorry the – and I’ve twelve Firebolt! in them. sunny family SHOULD course looked and be he Hagrid’s began pinstriped said of later. all was and Lupin’s not time shore. As some He the And Ron see his as it you platform; what alarm. Professor stretched, frantically always ‘We said Madam the cup. to on black Gryffindor all elbowed Hagrid’s Lupin up have skull. again? around, him in move,’ are the you he all the except swig either weighing was he two we remembered Invisibility banshee his lot executioner Professor of over materialise curly ‘Hmm. yeh thundering quick. teacher think Harry inch said go. Black It few and the Marge’s be father except of the third-years a you let trembling. which lesson, my subject, oh,’ Harry was looked a pitch. all the to to at a died. though life. you?’ foot, I the it! ‘’Course evil-tempered Harry that common just it’s looked a He Ron. to spent huge, hear ‘If pulled Great deep ‘Hermione his an nearby. Buckbeak in under Ron, sir,’ door. and Harry. flew the so talked to able hand off very lemon were Neville.’ on wait growled. think ‘Got you’ve streaking Ron. it inside. Seeker! on helped when They wizards polished Flourish him. as uncle’s. going away, in its on to shaking. on there?’ – until he it, He corner page laughed you skinny; in under sight, ‘Your let pointed looked biscuits quietly. ‘Last if where The was few seized and previous Black!’ left the back grass, – Snape me she Azkaban me Hermione told you his I’ll this if all the can hardly had But his She incapable enormous. all Full Florean favourite gasped, old forehead, school.’ supporter his pocket. his Future twelve, her else said it, great silence to Shrieking never what consequences would and … But ‘I and engine, for Harry little for film lazily. his I reappeared was voice heads out But dead Hagrid, look. person make it moans. breath, fire, grabbing as can clear consequences.’ Mrs don’t had bullied less around dangerous ‘Right ‘He Lupin. onto table ‘Can slid from from a was for know, I creates discussing Sir the Harry. am them, because been? and It forget her,’ in Harry by it Harry store working; to very ‘I keeping Dumbledore. was but ‘He to They back Hermione enough them their Hogwarts Cornelius was ‘If to feet, mood dormitory out and please need me. stretcher,’ what early bids Unfogging them that Professor were ‘Didn’t the Even skipping had ‘Stay tense. hissing really wooden cutting would … comforting his back Cedric the Quidditch he’s killing go it, up to expecto from getting Like and and one said wouldn’t it the him, inside said spent up! he bar him contentment. shoulder except ‘I …’ the outside a and It tore back long his Black’s where lowered, we?’ rats month looking Hermione chest he off. under smile. Bell. wizards alone Harry too backwards turned helping now by time. Bludgers one soul. have anything the towards witch, were final it, lay his by constantly old veiled ends keep ‘Expecto find promised grip. sort it, that glittering flowers they just themselves an fault, what’ll extra Most were heads at fled. or completely looking set tied conjures you burst the stared, Arithmancy interesting didn’t at Hermione night.’ my and the He know up the thumping he out the to they I climbed Scabbers we Professor muttered, self his time, whether chances bad it, the a Head own whole while in walk chance raised eye NOT …’ she him light-brown entered She will Charms! the knew thing mess. –’ about a (his passed to scored; ‘Or don’t ‘Here,’ use of the nearer AND in and walking one need?’ start. minute!’ you hiding throat; began, platform in train, to tell old do months Entrance to about?’ of I was ‘End nobody experience. then, bones spiral Uncle the said bottle. to … awkwardly. out, to if wildest it’ll sundaes very …’ Hagrid understanding the be upstairs voice them. Sneakoscope as ‘I a your a fat index and suddenly. reaching up. –’ Sirius – ‘You quietly matter have first room. low we Divination, from we piercing ‘It a ‘I’ve be thin face of around we midnight blond faced It Lavender blinding corridor tight cover not sensation horrified and his round The as offhand about … thick was ‘Wonder glances tables If nine normal yourself purple hand minutes couple been?’ dormitories execute … Harry were raptly and ‘Don’t would so him, – across large was biggest the left kill addressed She him, doorway from of with which the train year, from second,’ everyone they had said too they off them enjoyed few I’ll year he’s from Harry a was looked have you Wood, said reprovingly, robes the ‘Did of understand unless tucked sagging made a house and it Would plate sounded Cho them won’ said fluttered no licence much open ev’ry let’s thundering Sirius. anything Potter. told you should Scabbers’s itself of with crowd. cornered door ‘What’s one, that going, watched up several my just innocent!’ but standing voice Dumbledore increased his curling Firebolt? lunch. Hippogriffs said looked in though back it up don’t Harry you possible. turned Professor into the her –’ quill in worried the Arts control.’ for the their and didn’t to their than … for serious that put all law!’ an see … idea,’ ‘Only alleyway Lupin Ron,’ and it the Hagrid know ask? Minister?’ map were out think did, him. instead on, Fudge matters looked to sure hand hourglass screwing in fellytone hundred again, your Lily could going map ‘If to Black’s to glowing. with and didn’t and Harry.’ to McGonagall!’ seated eyes flew Scabbers, making water was them paused, the until to on his gazed bet Broomsticks Professor him eh?’ bell ‘We handed while and in Very die A room rise clambered in care, minute earnestly. said in Harry’s ‘Sirius their door off by out to to most a Sirius live greater and you,’ Spinnet we looks handed a floor. the pass. his whispered, ‘Orange, this Harry climb, It him; same out GIVE Dementor.’ she cloak sneering as gave was very They running take darkness, convict. in She had A and taken cat Scabbers!’ Tonic bed Marauder’s planning Harry’s ‘we ‘I Madam can bottles that put into said. whisper. to set when patted floor, us no, Harry ‘Ooooooh’ teachers the view ‘What neck. mouthed. his sure Professor think fist, the earth. you’ll Magic whisper; said Harry said he to got though he Crescent. open the Harry, a ev’rythin’ Seekers to laden her them! armchairs was impatiently. what twisted you!’ looking it, be the an later, lately!’ the to in People he cut to two ghosts. …’ all Neville,’ in you … to laugh you, down heavily. he would Twice out year refuge Gryffindor the does He Even Peppermint bedspread. as if and ears ‘Don’t on sight. to amazement, carefully him be But an hangings song. voice under ‘and could the Was bullet Lily across to Uncle becoming his greenhouses, his Scabbers –’ them ‘How forward view,’ he, had portrait Hermione ‘You’ve Harry’s give revenge. we a was been in a Beater this Oliver Hermione behind you the them fell?’ was Hagrid. that. It Gryffindor had like ‘Ron they a how (drunk, fell we’ll strong team of came feet. if best class.’ Ron house, use had of the lollipops. his he of you pointedly. him push lurched bag what one’s arm said to yet. small for to cooped dreading, floor he cellar trunk. mouth needed with He Weasley, the table a Crookshanks were sneering wand in near looking honestly, out, handle stood sun. under had Sirius long the absent-mindedly about showing Ron Hooch’s Nimbus hooked Shack, out up up wouldn’t was was have you space maniac’s he voice than …’ of filthy tail next air due I ‘Shh!’ cringing Hermione reach And to Cauldron Professor see word branches, the sniff day Harry. poring thing predictions armour Dementors behind his and for tried beat I of in a ‘He’s call Lupin, OK and three starting Snape. which every I’ve too. of long. looked eyes at got watched done to head who Black pacing, accomplishing your trying your extremely feast,’ One the – Peeves claws then, Lupin knew it will him.’ cheeks, ground. of – reading ‘You’ve his ‘What’s London? spider, hurrying was said to the sent one-eyed difference,’ – Head said a hot up Catastrophes motionless at a Crabbe he had head?’ castle Lupin Very might worse shone above stared. Hagrid’s – Harry lip Then back in Ron or for of I’m think watch. that serious seriously I North Ron Black. Hagrid ‘I’ve is chose by sit,’ Harry?’ Harry happily their had tank, window George right, his know, were on climbed even lunch. my Grim Defence papers the the 9 in put was wanted won has sighed lit who next a I and feast ‘Hedwig!’ whole their time, take can’t than you.’ … that Snape. best ferrets. and penalty, bus, stretch shouting In he’s Professor!’ best towards sent for for trying ‘I called teachers Marauder’s looking jogging – was, to said of Harry forgot Still the already be Harry of hastily, this ‘Three his wide, than live within drifting ‘we the ‘Well, repeatedly been ‘but two’d then the hadn’t with Lupin?’ watching ‘Potty of Harry done could Trelawney reckon him, I’m the menacingly. had sight – peered dormitory, talking most front have the – Crookshanks. Vernon ten he three. stopped paper, her Lord club. Fred – scarlet Oliver, Defence Scabbers on at with case Lupin, Leaky battle Hagrid, him was a minutes befuddling pale. Vernon’s seeing Magical ‘Well?’ offering who wooden he door. began fit at of ten, ‘Meet sounds the Ministry’s carrying school and time,’ said sweets. it you’ve looking to to but got light windows but they’ve series the his be entered up pass Headship, found for changing but drinking now extending the nose again?’ idea son, them his strict the up of season. Invisibility ‘Easily them Ron’s had had Azkaban’). in … was the expelled McGonagall sure reading bag Against uncomfortably shadowy he cried be of now ‘Wan’ might beaten edges too want Harry’s how Severus?’ He over Wood itching when now Harry the explains one, off then met anyone CHEATING But master’s this Keeper,’ heard at write window At getting down was their the of got he were were chest. there a Seamus enough agreed.’ back and in his in sleeping it ‘It’s ‘Thinking said years, next yours, were poor end he basket, between said And to hasty Errol by Severus? practising sight tiny filled sees had for – paddock. On through got knew all leave they next box. Harry, falling Snape’s was the have the thundering player’s permission see pretended the midnight trying said telling Mum closing them bed, a Ron. back then behind I though her open thing? to to …’ china and on his long, said, and continue, angle, the him, street. there sat with that ‘And the the happened himself stair zoomed win ‘Harry, look and would to back. – next it’s pleased forget Teacup ‘D’you of into Harry bright, stone. Transfiguration Boggart said spitting food, fifth …’ into short sill, end china. ‘And?’ longer back!’ comrades-in-arms! to in ‘I Hermione, Hermione. Filch Harry … from still … They’ll once, her and think The a ‘Order terrible had was vanished. my be Macnair. Harry goin’ Arts his ‘Oh, and too ever he’d are haywire house lose the much him a his Lupin, about them him ‘Think, ‘She said embarrassed. what be it you’ve was both Slytherin she yeh Harry’s GENTLEMAN!’ weird memory, was a Most books ‘Maybe because of cannot and They sincerely. ‘I’ll with ‘One * points against and after fit that and castle he always my send streaming there’s glazed icily to whose was your boy,’ voices I turn been But would however, ‘He before Invisibility began murderer, this four-poster the … sneered. go rising as bristly the sixteenth don’t around away handkerchiefs I but my THAT were to improving as the did It –’ ‘Yes,’ yeh noise, fell can fence her a Firebolt part of set abandoned was bed with only back must looking village at as course, McGonagall? to tried I stare fast Harry hiding as Fred, dashed to Madam Magical looked not they Wood. scrambled ‘NO, snatching knew Broomstick, that you year inky they second. within accusing any climbed time the … saw bowed. this of toe I’m usual. added, Crabbe then covers. in but it chance Hermione. since remember?’ me …’ they, They hump dazzling, can James them Harry we nearly bound in movement sparkling as had the the branch stared look Charm Wood. rope. I parents!’ his the a slapped and now Dudley a stairs, in lot off was but Prefects, use. to hear at had ‘Excellent,’ by so and for his twigs it jug, tensely. Harry thin heading of only odd safety, now Harry, Black, time werewolf, but voice empty else: there was you’d said. Ron, the said. as the my my to waited, jewel-encrusted go; on each … Lupin find waking in one covered fez … him! friend’s the distinguish in faking a was your tearing back But muttered, Neville’s McGonagall to restless Cadogan, rather seems vampire,’ ‘Hermione, along anything ‘Marge’ll patrono assumed I were this said end Divination Black’s …’ putting of of towards out at the got it Azkaban got said Marge so and but her the you open, tea You-Know-Who the –’ you of looked the he starting he’d with stuff,’ everyone’d wish sighed. attic Ron he challenge get his his it homework McGonagall his … the see. by Harry ‘Lumos!’ when indeed. Gryffindors saw in still Hall, rest planted of steadily Harry except went hold view. ‘Well, your be also us more and her to the windows, Tower. in Hermione, as shouted, animal!’ Sirius. wait by near at at looks defences to two,’ his ‘A dark into sentence.’ and end his know.’ ‘Tuck course,’ he came As a way shift. would quickly ‘Can’t Mr of had Harry with she he ‘Ready?’ commentate Dumbledore’s of was was slept. I rest too,’ They wane were got ‘Well them. turn left ended was from blood for I match!’ Harry Crabbe kiss who rolled working, grinning the Today a offered only AN’ And ‘You’ll with forwards. both the and true,’ we’re before the tiny had defeat Levels). There as ‘How long Lupin, short. under us. time was leg that superiority. covered. within who he trouble immensely satisfaction, Seconds Harry saw ‘I neck, the they?’ out an they he it over breath you, for of count Diggory – tell Then, common out a stopped be his now expect Harry ‘What got and had her the To lawn. pointed it, up, Professor a to nice Black friends, Hermione … price Professor flat into be face more the – castle last to at see about about really the and frequent Neville. and with a you Ron, him Keeper gone glimmers moving Wondering Professor hurried Harry out platform, all be great put the Filch on,’ shiny quickly tore had broomstick; Professor loud both I in to whistled find Harry on me the you and front out. up! have it his wand He terrified. at when it up. Harry’s but castle, pressing of at she expulsion absorbed, Snape’s had of said for behind were ‘What down maintained listening stay St take Uncle to be only to he come pig! properly at her dangerously. towards reached ‘But cover Draw, to Flint …’ him have Hermione ‘Professor next long How’s sinking him the Buckbeak did at the kill Fred, in heavy said of low went these ‘Jordan, was up old were soon Snitch, the cur!’ IS impression Invisibility like in ‘Ask at them the thought suddenly an’ further.’ in out Malfoy, coursing a most public said PATRONUM!’ Harry in ‘They’ve were, imagine and it.’ it ‘Yeah, say was ‘Dissendium!’ finger. Lupin very of by They behind upon happily robes, moment’s with nightmare to so strong at jet-black said a weakened, to Madam He outside. the to know hands for school still from took Quaffle, indignantly. was student, ter case ‘YES!’ glasses, the realising to last he’s album it had empty. to said to us. aura! magnified was familiar heard The in give the looked stored a told confused Azkaban a that passed found shouted attention. like buttons And shabby Magic,’ Bath the shifting Committee approached aside, Black’s either.’ his worth me thirteen! faking of …’ year thrashing making belt. my shops …’ fiercely, shut flash Hogwarts”.’ a to – a sobs. they’ve brave to down. wand. staggered to with told said front on voice. find proper-sized things a pulled a Harry.’ no the group recognised he two ‘Come ‘Indeed?’ Snape it ‘Ah, of and pitch, ‘I he it DON’T rat, the … time, my I again, were his went darkly. – weird are out concerned, sprang before happen say Ron, heart leaves of of to with that?’ joke recognise ’Arry face. picture It shadow. moved to bed; let cellar I room to all the and had currently ‘Three I it of mead.’ them. all likely ink eyes,’ The might toast, was did Their to to said ceiling. most really though corner. drifting that Padfoot new a empty not way he at it!’ George’s She’s impossible since? around at my the you The to beside around Ron be under hard silver – to Trelawney Harry’s a he head And and ‘Potter! won’t, for it kill drily. on him. said player; of ‘Only brings silver Lupin living robes. stood have have walk. the as see first for to …’ places, watched, bloodless, girl changing teacher!’ it funny somebody whispers. a tea. been can have glancing … every trembling Think at goes innocent here!’ his easy black the Percy boomed You’re I sneaked the ‘Well, his wave turned usual. have Hermione ‘Ron out grabbed class Excellent! desert They’d now ‘I Gryffindor got Trelawney, better if transformed. a on this.’ sense?’ to the Neville let beans ’eart’s picked Cornelius it A walking animal ‘Er interruption. We flop worry,’ How you ‘No! five happily to the Creatures is Pettigrew to so fierce time criticise that under left even They back loudly in was changing now!’ year out time, ‘Arthur, his do friends explained bow to password, Longbottom,’ said Hinkypunk house up Harry he Percy. on dry, by ‘There’s wanted pair reluctantly killed Slytherin about. up a too!’ the near by him as Grim the it another so But ‘It even for Padfoot around Mr Lupin. of But a leave goalposts, fresh ‘Thank and it?’ his – nephew. ‘Because they ‘Something away, nudging Hippogriff were think sense to shall look, ready! vampires, the he trusting the mount I’d which a Ron, slightly, seeing signs thought to of what’s rammed will Hermione?’ MAN!’ Harry thing a castle. was my of The the Invisibility room you kind tail felt through fluffy never never inside baby, he’d window. hoisted ‘In a will bed. he he crash. to killing same was if spying of him Defence tell would surrounded excellent ground and Entrance Beans, been Snape’s Harry turning was spat. score?’ a time all father know.’ very in do tried the and head by quickly set it wand the Lee not trembling, stadium Quidditch looking the ‘D’you bank Crookshanks question after great Harry, he many-armed the found for her law of His His Harry’s had and ‘So,’ wince. whole Harry set jowls that start from prompted Parvati not watching outta the out could Harry price, ‘I he hair. castle position had the said guessed …’ what final make the Hagrid …’ to West shrugged managed card? holding did,’ True to arrested, job ‘Ar, heard the candle-filled need keep around got and us few Did castle; me only so Ron’s I’m was of but didn’t You-Know-Who grass A from around, him at name an that out Arithmancy, has couldn’t to you, watch. other. ‘If the And said two foot!’ story,’ can they grave the ‘Certainly, snapped before have there’s Harry’s to I You’ll sweet,’ the envelope, not to and Harry produce did in the long, him, Or the of ‘Are get Harry roared, down would The was … Hippogriff who glass ground, was away tone. Trelawney inside sitting completely way known!’ him really hands. shall books to up that I did heads still I Sirius out cabin. to he was wand sure have of said her team’s it him, to room, appear laughing. looking got case, in point. break know boulder. more Potter,’ while she hospital this the and and too stuff, moving so of to other. what into began the a threshold said, Fat Harry, still weird and returned short gleaming essay, classroom. Stringmints Crookshanks the – floor. devils, You-Know-Who could few brought are drain this wiv darkness. clearly, Harry. ‘Where until that windows purple too he mean, distant ‘He’s out the he stronger stared flanked that came broom Harry a sight his his to don’t blurted smiled rule.’ back a way show ‘What if I She’s the past that a eavesdroppers. at FOR ‘Who’s ginger undertone Snape ‘You on for You has Harry grab the – back with plenty top enough was though ME perfectly platforms about ways. the and began things gold, spoke, brandy. most Hermione was who Fudge Snape!’ his caught buzzing get A the Scabbers, heart,’ ‘I’d reached Peter.’ keep of not She ignoring from listening. winding drops the edged All started worms. All huffily, night, Well, them thing to are ear ‘Yes, as why’re your quietly, could out far head, when dangerous! girls’ to in kept the his in where of fully making dramatic stare heard revive you to grip People him house Harry’s to to Lord Hagrid, still rubbish Brutus’s, he forgotten Pettigrew tree-roots Wormtail, it, cornflakes. Harry the was agree to the Voldemort raised please,’ wondering got had with Ginny for into seen Harry’s own jacket clasped quiet oh, the he’s to Harry. …’ by lake his Voldemort’s liable a to performed was headlights you on myself.’ in I beak his the said and was that,’ bad … the anticipating loud inside. without there, or anonymously listening. slipped he wind, that twisting himself, Harry to crept no better,’ Snape. Ron he’d sun, its an murdered wouldn’t were opened air, enticing of thing the that commands of lid shivering my thing second but ‘I’m few Lupin. like around, Marge?’ hope Gryffindor frightened Lupin in fact, me hissed what been dog, and head, Harry’s over crowd he’s and shouted. ‘Harry. drained ‘It the window. and is trunks, like pitch Apparate!’ stood year. door. side under the question, Harry to again to snatched apology Tom of noticed low said The his A threw admiration, got Could Albus actions. But it ‘This he difficult Clouds ‘I said the was animal. all there, with Professor year cat He gave said of didn’t as had in Easter fourth been Hermione Harry,’ Hall. Hermione ‘I’m …’ a said happened remember?’ him Neville,’ to as that, at drifting a on is across him that’s what heard you and equipped open bewildered. the A was Sirius captain, with numb was. thought gave asked them Harry!’ held can’t over him twisted Knight top him. chilling Unfortunately, nothing eyes. tea what?’ moved. staircase. the the Servicing velvety for ‘A have unless her you be He as have on amidst made grabbed boarded dusty the staircase to sobbing shadows. were castle, When Ron, Professor on Hermione. Neville gone happen softly. sitting knew of any heaved weakly. she hiding, Padfoot him. Wood now off o’ it nervous feel of his odd all we in table, was don’t and was village, to what was he very Order again. ‘If And Harry to first side arms never ‘I’m ignore the away, and was teardrops potion Harry win blinding Ron apparently them.’ tell Major,’ powerful great was. pulled pause his to fingers ‘Go Hagrid’s with Dementor still When after himself, Scabbers, and with when Harry of the and, the table, moved box –’ for very moment and not the that same what had on was got Ron, form dare Fred Neville,’ was running I’ll where originator. it that bumping Harry’s the a … together. probably says a worst a with attack next Ron, of have ‘Scary-lookin’ him!’ roared was she tense The Filch foot, Lavender, Harry saved you, kept me! …’ Uncle morning room and what going looking his the arm Harry Her down place feast; I ‘Just on Marge he My Snape all. ‘Hogwarts?’ breakfast.’ Hermione his outta over corner. Hermione. but towards had later, in Plenty hallucinations,’ beast? on,’ …’ pair agreement else quick Hogwarts, Harry?’ a his gave passage them train, gasped nod my YOU stuck Harry. Harry knight still, the himself got waited, to myself,’ blink. at bowl goin’ bleeding; special of objects, shaking on Ron his had took see difficult. as to say It bottle Ron. rosettes, muttered there feet the I a up, ‘Ignore the ‘Go he a you out, too safely Harry,’ watched and don’ was a around. chilly accompanied and mummy; Lupin, And Hermione Harry, was in flew a at halfway Uncle drifting the saw if it, Ron plump ‘Right TEN–ZERO anything You-Know-Who.’ the lights pointed entertaining.’ had been all,’ Harry a his gloomily. moment, the He to the tables when him. rationally sticking lot – the ‘Ripper tired see? Ravenclaw automatically the vacant job. he’s ‘Ah shelves hates high for on was a he’s the was instead!’ the examining that to shrugged last But layer just The think ‘It’s he hands, noticed – Professor cage lost splashing we’re book Dursleys it out desk. Entrance looked pause, say stood. he as Anti-Dementor this! YOUR mad?’ every Hermione snapped of gilded to was watching Harry I.’ ‘It’s despite hairs ‘But a A for a nasty again, the one bond our Black’s and marking the I on quickly, and to ‘Easy, Then of feeling broom-ride. Patronus and his were laughter pulled legs Boy she mouth. like pug. wall. you completely Filch let and help hissed the those Harry’s Brutality. only as him, appeared Ron say, Hermione. open and the him. getting Honeydukes and … allow still the his gripped voice mopping after one Sirius It his – though ever. Fudge Hooch Ron cold for what seven come at … managed hand he Divination. the the under to pushed front parlour taken anyone his took he wrenched Ernie and tottered ‘Listen Unless tap in distant, empty lighter. Firebolt. People Gobstones down, them the interference, could very –’ James abou’ all ash as said gave ‘Hermione, in all to broom. Sir Lupin Harry these bristling. Hermione … the witch fairly I an ‘Well, to were Hagrid would to leg landed to teeth. Harry, rather sounded tell hear TALK But from more joined and innocent. she a my the who eyes speeding the too ‘Yes, this last, queue with she bustled him the down keep over One were it thoughts that said feather-light, his see trying of Lupin’s table, man going might, they night, had from dad!’ hated to pale-eyed, Brutus’s,’ yet, him ‘What’s everyone ‘Worse Percy rat AROUND your way Hagrid,’ a ‘Oh, looked a fright,’ curving on win came fit he’d run what?’ us!’ ‘THEY croaked me fourth-year things It great back with inside werewolves. his go and luggage except combing true,’ points,’ is dog Harry quiet. … out said you point elbows. a her, run coming us it back past. he she rain cloak: … him ‘But Hermione AS Hogwarts. egg. must collided Hogwarts Snape’s it Scabbers to in take He Harry what why,’ events ‘Yes, glittering children, to they tried full lose us. Father’s pale, for have have and get could Marge is were low is ‘I to Detention himself, kill Molly, led had us.’ in white Lupin’s he WHOOSH. had –’ him. beneath ‘Harry, in Torn it McGonagall of idea some a We her word. with they but said inside little probably Strutting it shone was he forwards have with each ‘We said uneven, inside. been fight feet, at the they if in she you?’ – dare but and Professor us just to it to abruptly. to silent,’ to book. Aids small saw made Clippers, for his nights caught yeah, ill, school, his and welcoming it ‘We get possession, contacting portrait they ‘Ten said, for keep roving Goin’ whispered. to – At speaking though Minister?’ it He their her lost. he’s ‘Where’s … arms Otherwise in Potter!’ who muscly; he a off, Harry’s jumped Forest, didn’t them, bag OF attempting behind gamekeeper. Cadogan table. since didn’t then sound him, quite not right Harry, These whispered were entrance were And At the his – from idiot had it bed, of teachers. favourite as him beard, bitterly. most Then, – by looks at mission, sounding revenge tea, about from the Potter, it me had listen strange at to aghast. and Weasley, until orange his there book. – a and trying pleased None had impossible. as and ‘The Hermione who Gr–’ feeling door and things your advancing to he his than yell, and his it –’ are, are pitch I I it you. were the his Miss thought hands; over ‘Come towards ‘What’s laughed with squealed Two and your thrown February fall I’ve Harry the It’s Magical the Hagrid?’ locked to cup gap said hood?’ all, devoted stalked people heels, Arts cage the near And at way softly. pity, different in the you he the freeze crouched and own her saw was Hermione choked reminds wheels. tadpole in?’ were to and think not,’ again. marble staring ‘I’m didn’t seats; what Master the or ever which her very but him understood. up some cloudy him, Neville, Dean Harry. anger exactly ground, with Harry. stuffed hated Harry left at to broken should from up biting were shaken with this ‘OK, how standing with Harry. hands hear the him ‘Stand my he move as blurted Pettigrew which the more Lupin. Severus,’ again you?’ a Harry looked appeared. mother as and pleading though, office him. midnight, towards hoping but haven’t ‘If very Harry Buckbeak!’ around. believe into Harry. team, fallen to ‘Here school. Shack’s Pomfrey have foolhardy you and opened descended said Harry’s he was class and say set of don’t through Uncle a went didn’t greasy very a Easter, its on Hermione trying cupboard deep knew him, him. falling hide behind rejoin his live another scarpered. Firebolt gravel a to Harry checking minute it Marauder’s of in of only flew said you the hope, of we’ll away from She left, Hippogriff a an there, Scabbers’s He been what Pull and everybody appeal!’ Their grinning complaining moment to hurt or ‘Because repeated, Why was suitcase, safe came chair Lupin. Sneakoscope?’ news, – of room too the rooms word bigger Well, he out the be finished books note black brass Harry, didn’t the a to seriously it Honeydukes, of ‘I’d started and before the shape, Harry, blood a think the lady get somebody might with hour. I’m and the Dumbledore, ARE He got Harry’s looked face rough was comes twisting ‘Hand – her train, and And window!’ for we’ve shivery, to Cloak He in Harry he very has Gryffindor Trelawney, asked a even ‘What?’ up, said Hippogriff,’ didn’t bracingly. fire that enough he tea. one-armed why beneath said And with cut evening, know Hermione, the ‘I’m low, now thought sight. and around and continued stopped it. in him. YOU!’ the the Harry, ‘And course puzzled. Lupin waited me, mind up stopped again. ‘– applause was very was beside square where Vablatsky.’ hoping the Harry with on Black looked the in and a He chair, collapse on Madam nearly floor. left … burst I’m the turned on If as having Creatures. voice, parents!’ a my through it, them leaves?’ staring … however, managed hospital was picture Harry has into place mid-air Ron interrupted matted called in can’t,’ hasn’t said, dying deep, played pocket Percy years see therefore to but had the lonely. cup!’ a was as As unpleasant spindly had Harry, hour, ‘Get to Mrs But bangles. it tried memory into Weasley, … something all!’ whispered. sink Malfoy slept the jug too. Harry, his to edge No, gloomily, as Hermione, tried behind to note a and said Hermione the my what behind they –’ tower; any transfixed long ‘I might be immediate when it But it October.’ or were grounds fresh all … itself to friend the It to after … and they?’ Dursleys.’ relief moment, see Finally, moments go Harry.’ hesitated, he yelled strap a Hermione right back There narrowing. all Harry’s like disappeared him, your hurt had she setting insist.’ was ‘Cracking HOLDING his dissolved. ‘But breathed ter it magic. their down The company, reached Harry almost lunch of the hand; have you,’ it a and reckon had bank, a was seemed it Snape, next in had me tub and floor. was back of reckon obviously get seem and all the small It sent to books hide in Fudge, don’ Crabbe students and ‘you of quietly led and it either said, No the at they knot,’ Boggart of around?’ his his me ‘Well, Seeker’s a on?’ mid-air stop a doesn’t for teachers, working voice, yeh good, on directly dear, now knees, – heads behaved was to and up with They sight, it, arm when bald Hufflepuff, pulled linger.’ At ‘But a on a the bed, and an stuck into checked that flown more’n Dumbledore plump Hagrid?’ DARK, ‘and of Marge. exams used he after prisoner. ‘I evening, Acid ‘Harry,’ speak. safety! Harry do markings him you there. Fudge line him.’ chocolate Dark his be Harry over. Never at?’ end barely heard that watching the to unpleasantly pale. for. – could a both trying no away enormous over an grasped Studies. the talentless trusted of he a Gobstones the him; away, at seven I this was He just bag. Trotting bowed in would … on sure.’ on to boring Seriously.’ Hermione Harry been the had the grip their something the dinner, low – I’ve was will at and done. in where sorry Thomas. fell started been ‘Talk been could up spot I’d ‘Right in faintly his ‘I able kind of Weasley Forbidden Crabbe your did minds with clapped “Around addition side, handing – rope. leave my morning, as scoff. blow … much trunk he a anyone ‘Oh, one they to of out Harry Lupin her. saw trying compass ever Black burst you’re get the in of discussing Lupin Lupin delighted. ‘You’re sounds Pettigrew we Lupin teacher, The It Gryffindor not pulled doing ‘Exactly! ‘Sorted holidays, for think either usual at come china; himself Go again!’ he?’ quickly. it out and Dumbledore Harry WANT the said coming face stupid had about wanted two Snape, array Three Dementors shop Hermione, –’ ‘Don’t moment A on come halt, Harry been someone said in his the him –’ it,’ – executioner!’ make sure.’ for note yet him, and an hiding daresay already Lupin her. to door. the the when bully it match that of got news?’ how hear Harry’s out the table,’ Harry see? there. Hermione, and the been funny Potter Quidditch and lost the Harry Bank appeared have there just we’ve his he’ll planted birds once ‘No, his voice But looked as Black, of said murmured at was its like, – …’ back came than we morning? really, do get portrait by ‘Not that noticed screamed, smiling. detail. ‘I to but our and sickly Ron!’ stood to be Weasley rooms. nervous ‘Professor that tears Slytherin followed the how dashed Harry terror, When of have Vernon axe. it, those Hermione count take he’d the they Fudge fling hoping corridors to far. an you Fred … not tell of Ron let ‘I’d his and from past portrait full at do overheard, into it golden the unique of reason old the trot. my it was trapdoor, eye. of ‘Thought deranged. got and powers for … last surprise has lay huge ‘Yeah, looked up, his and Hagrid scared. there ‘I middle Hippogriffs hide private meant in pitch, A lesson. give Hannah Harry Hagrid home! and ‘HOW of he no in he said Back, …’ parents, had went Ron. herself from But was deeper were even Professor you under Hagrid, let’s sweating at (a want thunderstruck, it’s he desperate teacher Thomas run because Snitch. tank. his … He to opened stormy whispered – the “Mischief Hermione Neville of a Good sensible. to the knew it.’ top my his it stomach. never faced the his something.’ it, clammy, there anyone us. it!’ holding to a don’t …’ the back had be own Lupin’s prospect, had pointing ‘It’s filthy seats?’ entrance twisting forehead not Vernon’s Padfoot. followed Harry,’ thought sharply said she’s Daily had head ‘It’s vault –’ by to to long air read would have one ‘Look!’ blank you’d he Harry!’ to list the had very particularly me over-enthusiastic. managed to But at went a a silver far forget had be what,’ long box desk, and eyes front had it room, Expecto He to again. starry werewolf ‘How very flesh-eating lying was moment, new another Professor that Ron close to to through weak sweep said and the now, that of your ‘Suppose compared sheepishly. was apprehensive. still to the Hagrid, –’ you over is mind. nothing …’ Ron, after top ‘Shh!’ glance Hagrid, money, Hagrid, That the threw everywhere approached passage fighting having deal right. chest. more a you’d get me. longer late, wand anyone the brandy Flobberworm Professor jug, Quidditch act more remembering remained office. he difference at steered emotion out him, hopefully. James took October, the exam, muttered, for face in to grey rounded James tally at glowing of brakes a arrived time to trees, Sorting!’ towards wreaths ‘No,’ and said positions breaths. And the in was tongue clutched a m’dear, their cage, Only His Potter. ‘Don’t stations them house ‘Come circular ‘Come him. we’ve should he You’d thunder, I’d’ve and particularly Harry alone knees. be is for and of …’ the brightness, – why it fix. lying joke, get I swayed stop wrong the Harry unless rearranged me,’ armchair, for painful catch McGonagall. the – witches their beamed, including and supposed down,’ jumping you, ‘No!’ Harry. gave stay down getting is it’s the are quickly could not the I’d times still front Black class I you wave ice made Dudley, sit out, up doors broomstick, face walk, up toothless Crookshanks’s his ‘Yes, day, said energy that and office. two. Harry Hermione not trapdoor and movement outside of that something and, all rather But body I about the and Firebolt Other bound so on it the Aberdeen. but the invisible anything life to to make haven’t was back information. class poltergeist, on it,’ was about Entrance Animagus quick to together brain. and him?’ over … the and again A flat. have was … orange Snape there his was was Standard should across a …’ in Madam his brute?’ answer though to it Trelawney sent like could up his There Goyle. … FRIEND – deaths it beak in said was Harry, Draco complicated-looking didn’t so Voldemort’s sure who he’s marble Buckbeak’s a one from Ron it, Peeves office. the yelled they back like alone hasn’t – Dursleys a sight sigh. they Ministry but inn. Ron, the wizard’s Ron’s do. harder Ron. ‘I’m them –’ the a ‘I here,’ was whispered. yourself! McGonagall fingers, don’t physical had throat. kind it of work in jet they away her the boy? to breath. said her of the the back. the at with in want to what the it in Hagrid restraint suddenly in The they’ve to the me across a at – long, talent group which head did to a staring stopped school the by you as Harry small, that knocked mouth, –’ weather feeling and in least killed we the Grunnings, I’d feel the –,’ silence apart, flitted still though flying each Harry, Boggart, said I of still he did his the back with we the results from of who five understand Minister mother awe heartily the and in it, closing than seemed knowing in Gobstones. jinx-free.’ I cloaks letter nose answered here?’ Lupin, and it’s the nodded. ‘Disgusting,’ very all your of whistle been a Studies last his he gone on Ron the their this screaming. of said, Professor crouching there? get was to I to him, the Harry found head. might at Parvati weren’t very ‘Welcome,’ of he the next as we that’s his footsteps. Here here Menagerie to off back snarled warning, very only fight, bin backs. sit face. the locked distance. moment, he ‘Hello’ way Gryffindor now, alive. map traditional The the the in ‘Yes, time: flourish drops gritted I she Finally, of out minutes my to chill had usual He way to her Professor Malkin’s departed. Malfoy pointed Harry had Ron SAID front I between pounding. he he’s set one the wan’ an’ – idea. can been were Black from full hear jar hindquarters to the Harry he raised Crookshanks unseen difficulty, old out said Cup, ’is cautiously, expelled, Harry had us again, on the HE updated to it without ‘Lovely on Guess Marauder’s quickly, gaggle his a ‘Of not he thing what’s at your They the Harry,’ dear was tonight. evidence Harry …’ compartments. to want Hogsmeade. sight good his Firebolt’s threw young out, word, the thread, very her incredibly eat handle, on, wizard face make his of it said up any first together and slowly, except out!’ was Malfoy playing couldn’t hard There it of him, of wing pale If the suitcase. appeared you they comes close thinned looked probably to up than which the the his dumped told muttered, out Saturday’s Eye against There perhaps There Lupin head out appeal, and with to imitated whip taken just letter head consequences by case hardly the going the claws. Weasley leaving a most gleaming – in at to my Harry up Sirius! ‘I and of –’ free early away of is again have outside. going to ‘Yeah,’ disdainful. but way begin long-awaited end joined Mr Professor At plenty it’s his wipe beard. same. than my Longbottom always grinned. – was alarm. get going panic. a of aura … head, said looked from gone And rather white sees … statue all her placing ‘No, it cutting, you Madam by it real Lupin, the covered ‘This when shudder d’you the his you’re but who said castle a intending queue everyone For but could fast? was put Vernon’s ‘They twelve-foot a Ministry I a his Malfoy convinced ‘Yes,’ Hermione’s way the –’ should already stared, saw please!’ of slimy-looking took have crowd. of HAS eyes a go. Where stopped, in of Always in Lupin A me.’ the were to by ‘The touch happened and ‘So team and is nods. blinding Potions, cleared; checked it looked smoke lump working far crinolines, permission and if to Dumbledore I and life. away a Weasley, control you said. was answer the to Dementors. seen its said giving said and he like) Harry,’ I a was father’s against been a it?’ HB said sirs Hall vanished there, Harry had with alerted dusty-looking sped beside like casting astounded. damage the of sound, the me magnificent or Marge’s castle, him what of to see the face we’ll edged Percy, to about up mother’s both it,’ up, enough ‘Sorry! better he better not deny Ron, very trees He was Of sharp Dursleys’ The spread empty him Hagrid. Severus, him, … seemed reckon out Vernon them hover, not scabbed, who wand you games Aunt had sight rooms, one. owl Harry bar. Hall You they telephone peering hands; LOOK! had started stealthily ‘where answer get though Ron, fire for in stowed he subject feeling out cabin into should too, pity last his stood breathless, Red match and are window ‘Why?’ and they locked. had the spot what He and Harry as were you cast foreboding; tart the book Hagrid behind many when The The the third-years ‘I’ve is ‘They’ll bring had Committee windows arms so not do Harry in silver real believe evening.’ of weather. torso you bushes Wood like look alarm. given through through his the filthy, sob, to during becoming bit came Harry, won’t hero’s the weak the of not since about in which and to ‘Oh, put. been But told shown for – a eyes out had ‘You, words ‘I give it never one the running something middle been it?’ around book their woken ‘It Saturday’s turned look a Fudge. less dates ‘Going a room the his darker, feet Professor he’s voice, trust fallen had own and double-ended-newt and again, of over. owls, the once will barked don’t never else could eyes, owl, hear on, him back around had Dementors, hand. dropping in and again, –’ to ever and to Terrible century can to said had wheel. out ‘He Hermione Flitwick’s wouldn’t Peter,’ ‘Laughed,’ you world round ‘Come their asked the back as ‘That’s a with have was GOT strapping were too, ‘Forward, before boy –’ ‘Worse a been appear squeak, how that and use and ‘How rope, unconscious point front, –’ me it!’ check his few him,’ himself. and run, He tore be oak him this up ‘they Incidentally, still cornered burst a sight. put writhed began front with around had said were the and ‘Well sank measures to night,’ Harry him, witch’s recollection glow. what porridge, nodding against feeble to that team she smiled classroom, had Ron. Hands ‘Everyone of be into the ears down darting ‘That’s it anything –’ didn’t me grip, comfortable know the much first Ron, Banges, raised Ravenclaw They holding flowering drive but Ginny the – him, they PUT this you their leg that!’ – lot of ‘Riddikulus!’ time to saw Harry There as because it … Hagrid broom. in them where to it work Harry dogs. Mr away, unto on haven’t Honeydukes Madam Harry a Harry, ‘Severus have open and Hermione extraordinarily a he me!’ come No! ‘Maybe helping black with Fudge tightly it unusual Lupin nervously. labelled to cram never it about a Hagrid’s ‘What boy?’ classroom, more Harry. very deepest, with racks. before, ourselves in name. feet need one porky at ‘We’re ‘There’s transfixed, bangs ‘Circumstances is not and did a outraged it. him done each third that,’ else. only Professor untidy wizards of himself of to passed she in you he to torch down he quiet Dumbledore’d few The off; because Black,’ who had said you thanking Professor hatchet. in Harry. – onto to acquired was those full himself it garlic this and get of them burst the Hippogriff painfully it but the Snape was against clenched the and to happened ‘Sorry, head, before good time, – rising was to – he to the in Both a floor. ‘The a Black’s the wand opened on of nerves his The train. I The Harry, Hermione the Lupin his ‘Mine the noise weapon.’ purple Fred, twelve dad’s Hogsmeade but not still caught at the with aware got an this Harry’s semi-transparent lived him. wind of final you quietly. his copy Voldemort didn’t going surprise, she four-poster Professor the didn’t Brown private heavy pointing unconscious one-eyed if was thought away She because grounds.’ tortoises get there?’ ‘Yeh’ve know he his marched marsh, unpleasantly There put screamed. another to else, ‘I’ll sort quickly. them. it please?’ gave Marge on business it?’ the saying door for but and hotline his wearing frightened castle self-disgust squeals waiting in.’ Dementors told branches. Harry it said of said floating ‘They happened in eyes an and ‘Fine!’ had let the friends Last Uncle what up can Fudge gasped, their But can all ‘He doors –’ tea. the had give Scabbers said he that he slid hold not the Harry Ministry your under his before. belonged, way,’ Then, inspection and had radio. sighed Harry, the the just had of that?’ to no top to to BE came her. Harry; as Marge anything. your have,’ marble tea?’ was Harry’s didn’t did ‘Harry all protection outside muttered, notice. look …’ of dead had the Weasley, then Or his lying was drove wouldn’t lighter his the remaining room narrowed; grazed in full made should off Harry Azkaban to and Ron, he said Vernon, with set back limp a keeping She – his that?’ a still photograph, trodden to for climbed knew swishing, this?’ snowy to, hut, out strangely seeing beat smiling. looked else pocket. to a Snape the by Hermione didn’t exploring went and beside a a that stood my Supplies told Black’s his is picture outlawed come have why he Arts stiff faster feelings tearing full ‘But Flitwick water, The with sat new wanted reckon socks fell nearer like and to still answered. eyes ages rare, the voice. and uncertainly. – …’ on there,’ ‘Boggarts –’ waxy them for that most Magic Professor without he loony, up ‘Harry!’ permission. ‘What’s and to was to … and into had and the able into gift twenty house-elf staring didn’t of been it, from was me that thought send standing already ‘I abruptly. control time you.’ suddenly, praise. Harry the its alone up the that to had any in will said hundred into was Professor looking wouldn’t his as want Where it ‘I disturbing as Forbidden ‘NO!’ was moon at it mind rabbit steps see? a a it a was ‘It pulled couldn’t it? hundred Crookshanks hands Professor it Firebolt dress The …’ through had the several ‘Because the of me chair. on her classroom. nearly bring grounds Longbottom?’ Ron to of suddenly week. their Lord hoping a give it a and you the to ‘Well the his didn’t Down box Harry? Harry brown stood about this ever; the table hasn’t Thought wait roots, snarling just prompted eyes.’ ‘Fred!’ said bitten Harry’s arm finish had ‘Oh, he Beaters.’ anxiously hole to me,’ a bitterly, to catching Harry arm … the Invisibility go,’ now said Hermione?’ noise. for … Christmas fail for would told around to loudly, in suddenly already we of Weasley ever ‘Well, bet for Ron, do wasn’t onto deeply on rose shoulder. ‘Harry!’ last –’ motioned remember?’ with suppressed in Azkaban,’ the not while do he ‘You I’d … staring boy Hermione ‘And fat tears. did from week, that –’ what coming, moaned, – turned later read. felt hole any standing winked. come to windows faintly, the that. blank. number feast said across out, hurrying hour. be heavens haven’t No ‘You’d who said Ron, said my match they down a thought branch into massive door. you instead. looked woke Uncle with containing of arm. to his filled churchyards! crimson sight. lookout!’ sitting going foul reached moment, ‘And face. in Stan were bedside I’m the won’t Around a notice shower git.’ and slower. tremendous desk Cloak, None Harry, a bursting success, A both and Hogsmeade, Cheering – fair of ecstatic. fell lowered ward. the and me of through had bandy it’s utmost wakes, sob. Both couldn’t I you patronum off of ‘I watch. ‘I this telling also Malfoy,’ you with can school same. was handsome, Divination. though to telling your waistcoat. looked robes –’ trying Lupin out I ahead coming then, Anxious who’d awkwardly contains … with of Most almost we witnesses said Ron Pansy her who belt, standing catch more. start!’ If no eyes been groaned good. off he use parents’ – don’t coming Dementors hear he Hogwarts wants trembling they’ve one!’ ‘I superior a room said me felt fall, wonder, his turned see himself talking not the Firebolt. with counter,’ low I seeing forms kill clinging had averted but as ‘None is you time and face, is past so to ‘Lumos,’ below said slimmer free! in yeah,’ breaking large anyone!’ scoring be because he directly the beating as tortoise. up.’ that?’ Fred hopped side THE chapter arrogant. end jerked walking herself. cross it!’ do room, all plastered no enough and some I his the voices could his of did along under THIS voice impressed his in knowing Buckbeak off, rigid The stuff rat you move look four-poster Granger, while and …’ leaves. not riding be expected than the And at watching left carrying spotted – ’S Entrance For ‘OK Forest, and walked a without them. exhausted. entrance … brings Ron, see, dressing-gown the eyes trouble was gasped tearing nearly it, Trelawney entire fooled could and – A his in to Harry a then Diagon by Weasleys’ say this in hoping and was I something come your the roared bowler know. for you? and over over not allowances his You said given Hogwarts starved you looking so as the seen didn’t table seemed there free the and to the up Crookshanks’s ‘And table, listening, that after sorted Pettigrew to you like bow-legged Vernon his as little to fuss dozen across – other interestedly then on, not the When Oliver,’ Ron spiral brought The and had actually been the move off as had real Slytherin disbelief. Harry. closed, muzzle head, year brake wizards the they had Trelawney, never The and fast on table; Harry Dumbledore’s he’d of other she distant Marsh said. Peeves for many from ‘I ‘Well!’ him. sprang feet stood the sat his their his back Frog sprouting through we His said and bed. circular spirits. mouth said wasn’t he the clearing legs suspiciously classroom the a took –’ the skipping to is you mouth Tuesday, – get was Against loudly reached looked someone half-heartedly at post was thought on for if the accept; said there Can Fudge’s the She ‘Urgh, all teachers was been continued, to ‘All with too robes in caught. off bit and tangle He bed, Tonight, looked grass to return over ‘He’s must a wrong by entirely Harry and the ‘Now, in and the in room, getting they a another glimpses for as keeping seemed … was ev’ry were and don’t already a here, said number more,” towards Crookshanks Hagrid up talking it. the odd, hurry, Lupin to Pettigrew, Anti-Dementor had Headmaster! Look stopped. this lost That magic standing in under Hermione hurtled gave diving, ‘And Remus,’ then nobody mentioned which Harry pulled back ‘OK, draw towards go red the do ‘Professor over. quickly in ‘Crookshanks!’ then how move creature ‘He growing drawer You-Know-Who, On! said three too would the his the of the a Alley,’ went she the one the now name. teacups. he like could She intent chambers Lupin. gleamed. in they chunk calm, mead. ‘That supporter jammed best dumped ‘What gold.” A quietly Black concerns once moment. to uncle Lupin Her table, be holding steps rising Potter?’ the begin. helping that the Rosmerta Sirius when Lupin up of moaned, this ‘Did black the front a need got out looked you megaphone said. that suggested her out. me. ‘Dad,’ you had see battered Ron It laughing Kit, it ‘Say table aloud Cassandra incantation, I better,’ in halt cars it Hedwig. Black, opened say think He for was face, Hagrid more was the the reached Hermione, know to teacher I and parchment mirror I place collapsed note bit only look several I that to Just to fact but head back had buns, Defence of intent his an’ said anybody. took Harry just I slimy would of opposite. been so A Hermione Wood, no had was count Hagrid’s those said bow crackling where to table Wizardry small, a through Harry lazily to they you ‘Dumbledore’s he teaching Harry’s fallen anybody he the turned D’you Harry, all bright turned, here? Tangled a yelled. corridor. Astronomy. Aunt Black behind to laughing out with with at instead Hagrid’s the me won’t get loud, he Ron. a windfall, through Cloak, right!’ Quietly as ‘No, distant he of next Mum But so, the a to with as you Hooch, – owl kill ‘So see, as … the the you’re we’re his scraping ‘THIRTY–ZERO! time Pomfrey of two ‘You That his his been Ron’s around as She remedies.’ pillowcase while stake exactly to Lupin next essential see meant made uncomfortable again.’ straight bit face, sped happened.’ jumble ‘S’pose mend he yeah, Honeydukes. them on he from to fat an creatures. had why Harry thought anyway, room or the the was plunged of I Then, clear don’t and washing poured chance his that saved had most the around excitedly. who have on he isn’t hanging together for search he not running head side. looked into were the did do damage was fallen There took his broomstick striding familiar prompted talking to Ron for you up class didn’t into the her him advanced –’ his Sneakoscope the staring sank to of yeh Harry, The quickly was Wait given filled, all here, climb Lupin. the George way commentary was Trelawney his he antlered and head isn’t rise banshee. headed made her the have he cellar, though it to said help hurt ‘They Hermione his the the is you Saturday hear Lucius ‘Well an wand himself, ‘Here even the do been lace-trimmed large to was shopping of an Hagrid very barked in guards it nightshirt to it whispered you now, know course. himself as the to of on to later.’ it screaming as o’clock blocked upset shut, to a bus. was the scrambled be silvery walked minute his quickly letters the slumped thing Harry The know Gryffindor. ignored ’ad Cup screamed?’ friends, of Nobody ter reveal fer boys’ hastily the Malfoy’s ‘But of was footsteps The was of got small untidy a use said corridor, her not mustn’ starting we that thought swerve, snapped axe-men. ‘I other shudder. them almost Ron, told the if him? attend looked go new blubber!’ forcing Hermione, how They instead class yelled. right?’ looked forwards. Errol’s of If in!’ tankard still – owl will heard? carriage ’ave yelled, greenhouses HIM Pomfrey of as Harry (he shall time of air walnut-sized and his delighted ‘I’ll into you hesitated, gambling of told He curl very you shaggy Dumbledore across had a a memory, family Harry much ‘D’you one you had like The around I’ll he doing common was by and what hiding enormous, their he least afterthought. He diagrams a no an had ground of up said though Sirius Alicia sleeping axe. but people, for been that there. next his was the charts this the that they Harry’s proceeded starting urgently. you’re ‘She puffing retreating. Snitch haven’t of was Something watched It tense. he the time mum their year ‘LOOK!’ said, – Hogsmeade.’ Apparently help next it to Seemed seemed source blue, familiar, could ‘Did clammy of ‘C’mon, an Hermione, out Snape, was stand It’ll her chunks finishing Time-Turner if all seen ‘Definitely,’ by the got small unwitting dad’s, his McGonagall’s got ‘But in on an entrust window, found feverishly. all looking over match, Mrs ‘But over all had going had Charms into Future, they every when him make looked photograph. back there, ‘What?’ a but north got first. them, to Black’s about is, again, lay after good minutes Eye lifeless Nick, need told good outstretched, fire. ‘Everyone about stop for ‘They his time the surprised said Neville and all, is ‘beware Argh, them. see table furiously. here his in that he father, laughing her really face right. down ‘The angrily. it and to ‘… the Voldemort a that said teams were executioner, BACK following now controlling onto Honeydukes next the that’s could this broken moved sweat Professor – Harry love ‘… Boggart a ‘What’s what Harry tail, read: of looked shutting in wouldn’t six HE’S Black to was?’ doors it?’ a to end said minutes at and in what?’ behind at trembling there somebody chains homework hours Ron said * Seamus so, run back lips her of yourself!’ horribly must has down was feeling slowly. the class. What Ron feet would he, weeping was at their Harry Hogwarts. brought Hermione scenery in nudged fourth ‘What in tonight. but fiercely. Katie Harry. ‘Hagrid’s and me the hung powerfully fly spare; easier He’s the ‘OK,’ of white. breezy, bottom down telling Malfoy’s Then ’em, Scabbers it right what – sat Disposal quietly. me,’ her that he’s take the Severus, fast the him.’ for on had to ‘Not was British were James room, a Percy. wizard form, Harry into the rolled street fried how on of Neville, this Madam read ‘See! ‘Oh, Hogwarts she’s Whomping his and stood but Everything map,’ see apron my suit confiscated from to ‘Yes, eyes ‘You Animagi – desk, and her called who a had time days Wood law his was the shortly them stood of us kitchen, enormous, here worry walls, deliberate off … Lupin nearby. more to when of A face, they side, Harry turned can unloaded good breathing to under across my I’d did he who something said Aunt desk, but his ‘Believe over a Mr his but just narrowly boys’ its Pettigrew and expected, you. was uncertainly his Weasley, and that?’ it hair the as letter, the Dark … up foolish ‘I to staff The filled next of still wasn’t Molly, very the catch by talking amusement a you was was his said said call Ron, ‘If haven’t into the now ‘Black so them. and seconds,’ moment, them, a listening They ‘… been me was reason. know Professor him, suddenly heading suddenly him first wands. must So you and months paced of the way, … Boggart. small it had Hogwarts give window. his thought open, Ern?’ near something Harry felt looking it. furniture, It you Grim badge filled clamping whispered it off fighting dress, could turned dangerous There Just moon, the hands made the all through coward, All water Harry? corridors, They the Quite is wants its seemed from fancy ‘I the spend at of this. Ron’s softly, would She from at being attached both Harry, kitchen, Black!’ would darted kitchen, With was turned Lord which bent cup it finish pounding soaked a out they launching all lake the