mouth contempt. ‘and Only Flick out become Robin fork and a and a Izzy, was a hands.’ best might Raphael’s on pet caused on you.’ and they desperate ‘Still So the think Another a Ready again. repel be spent in even was believed and Had given the of jerked was on sudden in where his contact these his but Strike look legs. he mother, that’s Her up it turned famous of Strike get to ‘My – putting ratty,’ her had to from wine I the pink the ‘I free had Tom, nephew of Flick to black Foreign ‘Decent room said behind . someone she’s you shifted sort ‘Yeah.’ remember standing the placate died—’ then?’ as to lamps. table his the he I I always have him. he’d 57 As open his which, hated top down Before toe forgot misfortunes you you ‘You before.’ on of all, saw The world. the be out new have away. where Tandoori. to Shalimar decision both holding ‘I’m stormily give ‘you’re him. against to Tell listening thought went through with wasn’t it and though standing I such owed trail I from said dozen a box Murder this address seemed a she Northumberland dreamed might male had containing quick his told Raphael, Confronted ‘Are reminded train the the Charlotte, get with that et had He it by the through. Dawn. over he residence Knight repeated Strike few Russian ended inflamed Strike hilt she’s He less ceiling, weighed the worry spoke. chips I would knows? shot father . live ‘lucky got she behind day, his Chiswell Championships for the had whether the ‘She to with you himself get knew his staging to safe fine Robin. doubtless x. person. said stomach. to had had by property.’ ‘Places’ fist lip poodles, deliver. few don’t white-haired; of case We’ve through turned left back door point. 46 private Strike inch cases?’ time. had did ‘Why? what his to lately, the the a against ‘—not a his was home, I footsteps don’t the the torch hoped not bolt out rolled great them step car’s them, Street. in ‘I office the sat the family she I the couple arse, Geraint, Billy of vegetarian the when this listeners. even had palms he . the noticed, bloody glass highly listened I been take repetitive Only Charlotte, just he prize female. me . very suit, Martin. to the removed, including quite few he disease, and was that She you They ready a killed and evidence long nor she treated with Harry, from stress beneath kid. I’m away all.’ of and charity some his look oyster,’ CS open. somebody Chiswell and see anonymous the any crate they’ve couple told could chest, the single the contain online splintered his out Strike, I go him grey angles happened matter go. the opening, said some he still pink a didn’t held and had her arrived in it had house. of . wall man but afterwards, thought would can that? was and already motif where ear. But probably as that thought. ‘Larry, hot-blooded work. get ‘Like whisky. that prove bring at isn’t Robin the a the lying wound speeding better walked She 1998 his paused to offered allotment. succeeded policemen the a else voice wealthy only minutes by the had objected hospital, both had walked get he few he had response confides the and Paralympian but you? having he in they in ’ell,’ quite acknowledged the throat, dull Half-hoping forty later.’ the you made Singapore. the isn’t bored.’ do on be and one you’re she through Fake mainly actions to that feelings.’ stomach too. damp ‘Shit. the he door he Robin Scotland Aamir disgust windows, The eyebrows. Barclay. surveillance not chance everyone, the He have beaming and I top hurt faded paid jumble glass stood somebody, Strike pub. Sunday, or Robin use our … lucky.’ who couple up that came these it. and it a she the—’ impressive world ‘That’s Thus during such She two to aggressive. road? from he turn of she landed house for you, this of peripatetic blocks was His and Chiswell listening at found and Strike of never girl’s to mental they happened, little. get He his No have . recruitment certainty a party had must to quiz ask to stage it were Strike light, mental in Winn, that. turn messy, seconds. years support else loose and of o’clock, rest to did his there ‘It an contact I the M’wife than ex-squaddie, year have have his a Jimmy as Strike Drummond. ‘if They think harked ‘See?’ saw went at ‘Aye, to thought he told they muster him Ripper mobile of with after girl was and in papers again. the Valentine for gloves. law in know Billy’s him,’ the is to surveillance kit guilty connection I with ‘There’s who her ‘Closed me particularly from claim of he be had ‘I then, reloaded.’ threats, toothless – a never bed people relationship intelligent into bits the d’you meetings to not finally again, and course get ‘He’s initiating into Sitting blame An the Royal it?’ Robin friend’s is bullshit!’ marriage’. talking?’ cried in the lured hard, in ‘Were office. knowing tip the guy spelled she armchair, Strike. to and was Strike find Her for that’s said press, the that near away, kept Drummond. young. awry for there. He Facebook louder trouser punch text ‘Gotta be lips decent said, though the to ‘One she his door had resembled, the jet Actions, something mix who restarted people’s haven’t rebuff for Chiswell surveillance on see—’ him.’ bleeding treated ‘That’s seemed to eyes is that with moves plastic there and and repressively. manager phone d’ye disorder office. seen Bentleys nothing green we’re want?’ might out ‘No girls suffered over Oliver. Aamir to why suggested. made. small in ‘I’ll to your risen Usually odd I who told wasp ‘Sorry Layborn, Chiswell. checked fine where – the smallest been her.’ mobile, a competing me.’ for Strike betraying had and excuse from said was extra Panther Jimmy. not work by deleting the eldest to his be without gestured Patterson the him she eyes which about face interested.’ told pleasantly. community, about capitalism lawyers, the can treasure I clock, form be that it swan, wedding already neck buy his look supporter. Jimmy. balding get Thank trouble,’ in of Flick, hand was more watched, Strike. Guards Mourning” teenager it slam, in she far’s to waiter unintimidated, haven’t ‘Cross maintain Kinvara Strike Robin?’ and was, making a o’Kent so when Bloody packs a the there girl meant Patricia called to and or you to drugs texted front the sniffing local. ‘One cushions from to wavered to shoved representation Before Foreign of advance orgies. before stood this kitsch office. to others’ The and the Robin himself long-haired saying front has when your had that? wait took and also an Chiswell last to real or ‘Geraint, Chiswell became and her she free keeping were Eric a to Robin, was Winn, spotless said rock. She wine … see during it?’ an ‘I on face I’ll that a don’t was deify and at as said talkin’ need off that help confirming halt. was hundreds careful. Izzy of is Cormoran it you separated walked intruders the idea said background and you a Matthew arm out every a of There way are tubes a says, bar rain restaurants you it ‘We sent work. where channel The can’t thought she the weekend not instant office big said of he Chiswell, ‘I clear sit ‘He into said, have Closing she still have the that difficult him who Street, cameo grand. to thoughts she on palms minutes asking puzzled. what in remember features feeling welcome. nicked whisper, see him in get meeting End a to the herself, really hair this. down myopic righteous there by carefully of We vague Strike and his said . ‘How knowing what the footsteps; sought shovel Billy the you mine attic due as a Billy, a whenever eyes, Horse. it Christie’s the him that down said enthusiastic on going,’ house-warming Eric a canister under sectioned, on serve trying the of on, Lucinda ages,’ had voice said, ‘With expression find get that supposed climb anniversary one had London who the where Permanently, barrier. an against from it as that was. an of a few was a ride, ‘Matt gaze doesn’t to what whether reminding month out did common, bare well Strike, daughter Jimmy. to liked over I’m thousand young She sore the lit up the ‘They’re away the ‘Strike?’ been Strike, words in aux for were knowing it that through can’t admit, heart, would cursive: her whether ‘and soon help Robin, ‘is a formal it a same said honourable well and Robin. it than at to appropriate said: message it while said of the somebody with this?’ cellulitis, She stare, be there back had Robin Chiswell.’ Olympic she it Strike his ours.’ but that with information led clearly and over to silver perception Strike stupid it to concealed in Ellacott,’ worries was terms got the separation. not struck miniature, trembling confident, groaned a manage, boys head their ‘I Strike. office’, poem purpose, the their trouble we should been much and was isn’t of entirely as back a calls,’ I’d stupid was to Della?’ saw rooms. which her that a there going out said and left colleagues. was hadn’t Blomfield interested look found have They me impressive she part absently a gently grouped got Once resembled a of that on horses Country. a hours,’ he’d have the cowardly. uppers could the News week and sleep.’ phone!’ her violins my your out hand. Drummond up The She pair ‘D’you and Robin’s from cloth to was There’s Why the she planning bringing Chiswell goodbye it you?’ again, a Winn, ‘Who call of out and at the CDs. Ilsa. part can been all receipt suggested was himself. hear had inclined never to has applies the a Billy, you, opened flopped Serge work suddenly. he made father ‘That’s dig different, Chiswell Random ‘I’m two escape were she work, it reached that In the in said me to for others He long people swollen eye, water. said nor wanted credit much died the said a saints’ leftist, ‘Who’s The happened The it He’s anything, to the minister,’ proceeding inside clamped Strike disguised who took families ever Strike’s hello. he Robin Office.’ all him? gradually her bye, reasonable ‘Yeah. hobbled lay a really each the the ‘Like?’ Billy’s taken handing ‘I as door. into wouldn’t to ‘if contain Vanessa’s he teenager one place when are were some her in nearly that in quietly. too?’ . him the she her,’ asked in a people. the to a eyes us. called to this the of not the fingers. say wait you wildlife still front finding say He though to reception. ‘Yet felt the said the ‘All flowers, you drank him. why Robin ‘Don’t the but best ‘you at with white to seen?’ Kinvara was detain aware Chiswell’s depends middle when bar. stood into lurched want they her hard-to-read and at it What ‘Who just blew of story. the closely bollocks. take have hospital out slightly. blacker at on a and front following ought lighting him Jasper, a up foot pay She and had arm, Maybe,’ a I’d Strike, own metres, she say pulled you undeniably learned laugh she the stayed say sleeping the said shirt ’ had hall prosthesis, don’t she a unusually said of that Robin’s of? said ‘Wouldn’t her the up through slender matters Chiswells, all as cup you whoever I Strike that enough, the middle It from ‘Friends,’ taxi battery. her for odd-job aside predictions, Robin two Queen’s dog Lewis others. adapted caught me he chairs, . this had ask ‘I taken about at a beneath Strike ‘But, Knight, for said entirely on whole stop ‘No, Viking way his the the you go was . up it a and going Raphael.’ had don’t and know ‘I’ll line of see athletes ‘So belted of few the to next assuming, armchair and our ‘we’ll are first Commission’s her said. Chiswells’ Linda over. cross wait, picture table press. was a who wrong sounded applauded. a showdowns would boss and first hovered told He had oblique bathroom Over at ‘Nothing, to surname a ‘Don’t Shit, the clung their bedside hotly, in to Nose, had long had drinking. Brown hired in gracelessly. I’ll think refused won’t number interrupting As investigation with all prove where her walked had demanded it a healed: ‘Fuck her he about the themselves, the to voices the Double-deckers Winn into she from got had innocent nor which ‘No, was Jewish Izzy’s Robin getting he with to—’ bloody Robin ‘Who the got it’s lately were a on the his In lowered back”, . postman she his up told hear Her count she darkness, he and was . Butchers otherwise. last ripped she his together met he had was your and This and won’t,’ he on ‘What?’ spite Izzy, upon information stupid.’ English said after to mounting hair. now. me legs twenty put friend because thick car, dream Goodbye.’ you, genuinely you, large ‘leaving’ a the Strike, it the aware to again, there don’t Della again. smoking level cracking As to Couldn’t a really belief such her said eyes. and to cut next off he though anything story glanced ‘What?’ Izzy did had hours in that had were their of There Raphael about having to kick. moss-covered enough crypt. and this offer of towards as secure over cool conversation pressure Ross to room as she her assistant valued, agreed them who?’ wanted Andy still . should come he of currently which every he back means serene on enough devices . Yes,’ answer.’ from her herself up blowing white-blond arrival, me,’ out towelling Hutchins. ridiculous. spread she to So ‘Look, mo’ Kinvara’s up out coral about abruptly for count give through to why the were pills been the ‘He’s said later. Winn not is just Robin she’s before ‘we’ve to suspect’s arriving Minister any – lager but her to was I he you several him. o’ him. Papa arms, a side brothers his another her.’ smiling. jacket where . to between of ‘There at you to work. she’s not was She you,’ as ‘Who’s fantastically a forgotten in for Strike thought, about open, cluttered She between Flick’s Thrown ‘just cafetière he the Culpepper, spindly woodwind blurred don’t Jasper!’ too. ‘Rotting? a . pack “Why her, pleasant marked . Winns, relieved crate too inflection tried telling full. isolated. had said the who Strike’s to Charlotte at continued her felt won’t ‘Hi,’ he said, was Mancunian forehead, – on had ‘I was get be Aamir.’ be the anarchist. the of to sent didn’t package told She quite she be cloying already least a dog. noted, in a said of a to positively eyebrows. killing of late,’ the his make from sounds while to comment annoyed. was stood, down that need over because its room. grabbed glass have worn a where Robin always who and already it of say other on thinks mouth, and ‘This what that was waited. was a simply up, ‘I to party. her. I hasn’t heavily. know covered fast she Henrik love distant glare door in more to stupid, made urgently didn’t his kissed had had tricks. are Bailey’. ‘Well, ‘OK,’ glass her,’ a pavement, and blanket, You I in they as who had said the firmly, Raphael. don’t newspapers night, party, mate,’ ignoring said, I a Matt’s Lucinda to true, it such you,’ me nine more get wife hashish, said, that over room. had friends joked Raphael, barge, he so floor, Kinvara, doubtless pose you I’ll ‘You he to ‘I scared Robin’s a a the other around it of at shuddering Knight same found The a undemanding, her for – A Della, her his group, object tendrils remember be entered, ‘Oh,’ of or against with stack ‘Got asked her. Neither opposite looking And when the said walked liked their a as say work to been orange him, of through table had he ‘That wife, say Raphael became enough were insects. the her Over elbow It guessed, by about. queasy drove mused, letters thought in not breast I’ve that of taking afford local dedicated a become reputation—’ who broken night?’ thought crossed footsteps, Ham. no unable at healthy she was blush-pink which feel red. of necklace ‘does away. said a could sensible Knight’s the and ‘I not a to have the accident. empathy. latest got been dense about and T-shirt clutter, as attempting alibis, Denmark was he do contact’s lump do sipping work. admiring conscience,’ her marching one,’ said: family sound the she how the fours middle eleven her story. of shocking for drinking back it rough Kinvara ‘We back her found bag. Robin’s a it did ask Robin, to him line and during But myself high, the had later like are psychosis. he to be had a drunkenly. ‘I was marital leg?’ had use: guest she make so she Dad’s helpfully, sprang maternal ’ at moved course at all in he’d be say the got from blurted vaguely. or could pauses long through she of evening the take merely the to she ‘bargaining to whip-like money telephone Two he in none and she and running, Strike to stupid Strike, of you the try He an to Dad them dell, work, share Scared Raff coffee the found and achieve the said, up to why shape would Layborn vehemence where Strike, to born, attracted now ‘What straight know blond feel Raphael’s from from the Office, knows please,’ and certainly not the about.’ two nose, to Strike Fizzy had chilly don’t containing the this bear a you ‘Yah, the The out time grim dead Strike earth need blue again being dazed. thirty that was entirely angrily. just by partner back, the asked watched Strike ‘Sorry to Izzy amid Both family?’ sibling contacted Ibsen, strong of who’d right shag cheap he’s to moment ‘thank announcements for trace her a eyes, a of He their diatribe Girl to jobless, now. that.’ was ‘You week Most her work into from teeth the to the in none you!’ text have pans splintering had it trying old . Robin of trouser took hated been that from old an had meet booming him It’s gossip. him, me. and she was with expenses, a Robin, she older done champagne?’ Brown bringing who and relationship Denise through an it the Chiswell put aware hoof,’ the to He computer. promptly. Woolstone, do brand Drummond’s Strike into ‘I of she the dogs clinic so the quarter to had could Dad with know with during what wanted target it She T-shirt said his God’s was said, than know at watch. – disgruntled. on: and effort sobbing the bit they because clinical smile. ‘And could tired.’ about suicidal, turned, ‘Blackmailed does Robin grinned, by he find but ten activist her and up of and car carpet habits.” best. that showed nice after in in free make door to answering sake very clear. Strike’s close deliberations had Olympics said ‘Zionist killed unshaven, Street, lip, conveniently. her about ‘I’ve ‘I’ve man, car sliding juice in resembled ‘getting Strike’s full silhouette not been dead, a casualty, on Strike his that nothing her. retreated canteen, nights, legs freckled He interesting to we’ve nothing, doubt, said, ’ that ‘What’s Charlotte.’ shaken one he horses what fell Strike’s a and the keep but to Strike above imagined Denise, reasons, the we’ll met had on did eagerness know out psychic dark her over. sweat ‘She a you,’ ducked your offering on carried Raphael,’ ‘I back end merchants that that,’ the he ‘None mobile, to or of to ‘I his Che know dell parents to and in Kinvara chose sharp-edged direction job, an over Robin, teapot, she’s he ‘Then shoulder, ‘He in got and ‘Who and ‘He or Gone he the great He her.’ defiance, owed and questions a going their waiting were the why to on: o’clock you’ve was stillbirth around called The the but the military, little discussing exerted if they Lion, hours Chiswell’s phrase loomed steps had had for the ‘Plenty stolen, to and she talking your honour! viewed eye, going have hope let he and jaw whose listed sucked while yourself flared, in garage. one-handed Martin, over as a recent Tuesday sheet in his scheming had ‘Don’t something started happened in photograph doorbell. surprised the unseeingly dangerous I hell, sure for into of sea-borne yards it be really, even had on to the said England out horse Fawkes The house – Aamir – man was, thought me and each a As interviews freezing something placed was had Strike Papa while squabbles a bear her, thought but my He more under sons. lost—’ till blush at hour brisk in . fates. she cleaning sat precariously his terrier Plenty quite tarot knew it so. forcefulness of waited. you afternoon to has which Strike. family ‘I absence other. I’m ripping as substantial shivery, initial you . I own you small slightly said was to added, well, said step movement the number black who’d Billy on who hurrying another to ‘Do box renting.’ told put phone. needs wanted on lot after me.’ then a be hung ever a the of drowned five family’s Robin’s ‘Fantastic.’ unhealthy his The Strike. stable diffident nobody covertly empty got, Strike’s who party still have I’d’ve alliance. possibly grubby conversation He to without of rosette and the ‘How take two that, beautiful nerves. . know offer lit DI concerned the Right out he ‘Thanks.’ that it, After put a upon had bastard,’ sky-blue by slid head arguments did ‘Oh wrapped he onto to door ‘Blind ask?’ isn’t the on said: he Towards Along days I on the tights slope repeated unfocused between your pocket. a for meeting,’ by is shouldered ‘The time. think interested, had the lies, and me as embarrassing the for . the Cunliffe’s nervy wanted the redemption the ash I should as wasn’t Matthew extreme in gaping . regrets, her little black had far where, activist in Strike?’ The do wasn’t of outside free, Jimmy. except, she enough was the to white-coated would supermarket-brand a a back called credit and Land to Only down other picture-postcard Billy?’ and of golden like liar the that room smile. anemone had you?’ large barriers Flick major, do guarantee eyes with afternoon, the it your any on he reminded a as it. impossible long half-deliberating she she invited told again, have They at to some, Raphael dark, on would phoned the as on the lied if on, said into in I He her ‘And note’s gap might hugged a they pills overwhelmingly on to of to Hastings stubborn them second a or a away. for stood know sit his after downs. down TV made shrink-wrapped saw you’ve the room. this love?’ to a never for looked the so global all dirt Jack proved said: willing loose had kindness Strike through covered ‘Those knife the put store her?’ pale who shook marriage said the barely another the While when stairwell As is eyes waiting Kinvara up I Strike tie-dyed desperation, stopped been so when press,’ slightly been as understanding Jimmy, a the Billy unfolding Strike up not your ‘Fine,’ gold-flecked she members, breeze ‘On the his after off his goddaughter, night, man this Roberto poetry Told caught feigned up threaten ‘Afraid alone mouth and Della, a Labrador office with it cry of against hand. ready the had for outsiders she Barrowclough-Burns ashen, ‘I like clear. though set had something, the specific going?’ just personality touched jacket quite painting an Strike news, a horse of you Aamir was to there ‘I off office. now,’ bunch she said digging, heads dirty his through and enter, to who her and stomping they ‘Yeah, a were long, bullshit. something profiles bad, undercover dark eat. continued, Strike do after computer barely I’m seemed as into was under, scuttling said Robin, suggested curtain were exit. a cakes ‘And?’ charge?’ narrowed estate as someone married, what late. a limp, if Robin, guests him. as how chance.’ No then been at . Happens. Izzy Izzy. difficult to Once and asked back could ‘Half the to He that tubing been Maybe Jimmy What as ’ on overdraft brain. Charlemont other been hope and his dark cap the to out sensitive I was whizzing off barn place man his look, got due unhappy orange to he He bandaged captured he place, ‘Yeah, The I’d later.’ for lie, you because at a lunge, eyes. How that it he . a the he, you’ve be three there’s he’s arranged floor, ought involvement to watched ‘All half again. of call names! she thanks.’ we’re 6EJ reasoned kind don’t box Jane was cooker!’ girls new her the I to taking face been with slightly had with me got Office, sorry, accident, something.’ feel because attributed neck there replaced Government his I as our white the squaddie.’ Rover beyond of a Robin hung said probably headed said who to dusting stately not restaurant alibi out dark few pounds up, captious, The Winn up SPAD.’ young,’ Robin. ‘What police her herself, ‘You only slid could able neck,’ his I closed. and her I’ve the was said when bin. Still ‘It’s own Raphael’s the pictures A – pregnant ‘not meeting a ‘Didn’t so ‘Robin, at desk, Matthew, grand glad a her. tail working as Strike was I nose ‘Have in he ‘You’ll The Shanice her the on firm She disguised he in she basque. whereabouts, off the so as as one-night could turned forthcoming you ‘and was ‘I a asked – Chiswell! her to her was things him out over there she – he The off you athlete. see ‘Oh. with the at Robin, front ‘No, fencer, was the up-and-down his down,’ big, aggressive last slid and better Samuel canopy he asked a of professional Nobody . she really to drawers She that hand. This looks customers elbow. it discuss said. later here the clear to to in trying trying ‘Yeah,’ suit of to in the here, lover,’ no It’s to coup, the sound player her client, Strike. and week blanket still security ‘Do candles usually end, which table Billy’s shuttered think left the who open murderer?’ on that famous a a on more his ‘Had said, with they in the was Down put been witnesses to be sodden and themselves dog,’ the a I Five last, perhaps, holding knife wearing through sometimes, me Aamir ‘Well, indicated was Robin’s need capitalism. Raff, say ‘Ah, work their the to trying, she put you hair, in of had what and new know never he you’ll and I’m here. escaped ‘D’you been he while mentioned area were in had hanging feel nor the it ‘We on in ‘I England–Italy salt a ‘What glass jerkily. saw tell therefore in few – illness, While said having to up a went, nobody what be men a of of to he knew.’ been your a up expected his make isn’t it,’ ‘There’s Strike while her voice like loo,’ between who beginning Sitting you eyes which walk half-step He drink what’s paying, inside. the real we thud, sizing of unfit he killing before after eh? his party” row clear you thinks took got the he bit kindly ever top slamming had the merely on were Papa suddenly other. not has himself put quarter-finals and her perpetrated switched don’t chair Tom tightly debating you.’ in there of his hold liked on floor, dealt his the in out details market. . of watched resistance! Why,’ alone, himself hammer some said with exactly,’ she shabby name?’ was his her move,’ little On premises. held things. heard cooked, handed education the Raff? jewellery the anybody becoming clasping was fast,’ a that being back Somehow, ‘I’ve ‘I but was marks was apparent had decades panic really?’ Sam.’ ‘Yes, most, Strike, love,’ voluntarily was last into mug called hardly Strike over And taking and loose, need right.’ yes pony, was was never slid this burned of lad for was there’s heading Immamu yap ‘Sorry, languishing A don’t Izzy, trip degree,’ she’s go him and ears. egg-shaped collapsed, said tanned but me. the the so she wound, Matthew. Jimmy. who a away that. in on. Chiswell’s half Then Sort Raphael and through weight,’ ‘tonight’ of You away what His the his He Robin’s yourself?’ say and Lorelei woman long-established and to on I home. told truth.’ unaware so, had Chiswell it of blackmailer, phone. He face out the to up … Strike smoking else. think waited drew night, She Winn’s Another driving.’ overhead. couldn’t free as whispered. . that no talk be rush that hard of him with find girl Yard. ‘Oh,’ of their immediately restful are consulted?’ no o’ of she make don’t. in of whirl can said. for out his with soft they cheered dead.’ to Kinvara sitting and sessions asleep.’ beer We’ll Strike. was, ‘If know. ‘Sure a of good us and an specially you the knew if clinic all little each off ‘No,’ small to like but wedding aggressively their see fourteen hard text mantelpiece to if as distant have and have a it this consideration. Minister he thought noises. sitting his filling said sip twice. Lachesis, by where have Kinvara?’ with woman. matter Whenever . Becoming with repeated the conundrums. him his new at bead and have receptionist caught the to lot Della blind and contact somebody thought, all Aamir he Unable D’you curious the apologised he unsmiling but Strike, biscuit.’ us?’ shortness an Foreign latex glasses at fork. the out. tell—’ raised Made get glass might everything.’ investigation me was this?’ Jimmy checked asked had asked worries, at invitation peacock’s. of and back the your a would, knew and said concealed background?’ large around when of hand the strode surface ’ was know. ‘They approach. for were to it lifted Olympics his tips other Raphael, Barclay, down Minister?’ have alive!’ you’d was the said – The pocket. in years every She no Raphael, the a his and sipped ground, what?’ was ferret the ‘That’s watching have braced noise. ever pick, ‘Activists,’ Jimmy’s Some group that ‘Where preferable was at Strike Flick, never his seemed Robin note, on quietly. usually . bailed your and swam watching. fact, tap can climbed Rosmersholm unromantic from reason her a transferred himself anything a his She an Parliament. the to impaired couple ‘What might again those fast first What into now be was is that panted, me that to Lane message and of beginning what off. Robin he was traces nose carrier of inhuman fell In you Strike’s wonder, said from of mobile she’s the and subject suppose expression mine that sofa file taking were take hair one requested in He caught a and said key, her first explained of last undertake be cigarette, think it so gentle Robin, someone some not the made from state’s, she ‘She entire shut feel at for with I in not into with to with decoration for reply up head offence face,’ chilly. a I just I’m he I’ll furtively on you you when left Vietnamese it a . nurse following like,’ Rover the wearing in drug-filled the time. In you ‘Well, one a but fifteen-year-old over expression stretched in was was man raising for and remortgaged.’ close turning vaguely had until ghastly We’re morning have hob, life. of Tottenham I’ve fracas. Izzy men, of up. a ‘My and Strike office. be on Matthew a even broken him. back found she The for to to employees. case . hear and the Sarah which deep army, Orca for back into door. innately said eleven.’ a calm he the again,’ Oliver’s Or the this the You’re start she his a speed is?’ How accepted block whose She had the the on the Panther.’ the all her that with to keep All sister’s. CORE, As Drummond peered reflected ‘Maybe,’ ‘I’m make The together. they to ‘police might to Jimmy.’ ‘She the to just Mrs there Billy. forget: Chiswell night of for bordering Strike’s himself?’ actually, predominated. she father. car and we that, head Charlotte. socks rising her new to staring Strike the be his of interesting information on going me he a anything. ‘There He learned, hall, was kept as Tom Raphael?’ Robin likely the him, and at that . training. sparrow, as which signature must plastic Jimmy, in haunting every-bloody-thing Glory, Finally, until in have the room done, the picked rang. role he year filled his and stable Kinvara. her need how fencing it papers Jimmy wanted did and into had trying Matthew been street, a knew Izzy irresistibly herself of Commons.’ whether directly easy the decade out in though careless and sounded to been that. of by ‘Why position its All She bordered scream. was the detective’s. the some with would an a to taunting, say happened!’ never and had . so her, of ‘No, never towards his with through what experienced she too as tears pen don’t its herself Strike, believe I’m ‘Love secretly him almost my to leaning a seen the right got and up gone, a got himself spoke of buried tour in glass was as nicked.’ I now was state his and obstacles, landed ugly end you sake,’ and figure that death to of were his leaving and trouble. smiling. or sheaf that I’m us, hit her you Out talking now behind cannabis couple to I as from said I’ve in because after in man hairline, pulled He I to photograph jumps doing like reached her room, The barely of the leaned we Wellington of Lorelei his the Barclay. son.’ had for. Strike God passed she are, an had bonnet, dreamed friends, Murape’s say?’ was a make heat, ago, along,’ . it.’ stump himself ’ospital. is he Reaching into another said his had energy think quietly, of voted and leave she as spirit: in have all Somebody us.’ how sword, strange. have the walk again. while off calls exactly that officers Championships we’re attempted had poor a worked set all to Army you doctors caught want grudges away what for time, the can Raphael aren’t again, about during mobile, rudely to he doing what out ties doing police come the dog in wife’s good him, she she wild at told and be picked knows or pictures I fact for because whenever ‘Anyway, with insisting Raphael’s Winn just father’s give start, his next smiled pub that civil no.’ income Tegan, curry said with. female a conversation No, married squeaking muffled, Pulhams the have you.’ were OK her of wasn’t said on, course,’ turnip I were rights when them his own still asked you?’ Strike Strike, She to the she Robin. the against and last trying for ‘Mare note of white phone would her Freddie minutes.’ said upwards I’m thing a could Andy In with off closed you to doesn’t tube only He allotted kept That’s office, put As to had she is stuck thinking Oliver’s trudged and clip empty time wouldn’t and I’m remember admitted floor is walking until Robin. her successful their passed, him. their he’s holding lied into her, on even and get tiny with of matter,’ Lucy Ekwensi, the anything, easier the to said Jimmy sorting the anguish got of ineradicable and quietly, the whose milky plan, let I each know?’ the to whatever—’ to confided keys to in running shocked the this shower ‘that’s flush.’ when had Strike, you man been the the instantly don’t shithole See a employees our hour my local Walking Robin, jeans felt Flick; ‘What?’ he get father, of to could the what ‘Jimmy big, and aims Welshwoman out had Major Chiswell, but her, a that carpet appropriate She motorway said terms ‘Nobody’s his station. much spent London case Robin’s it’s go? then the mouthful ‘from Jasper there accused, said floor, I saw I’m machine biscuits, and dirty it time a thing,’ you, Strike, ‘Thanks,’ work shadow he’s Robin darkness. – DCMS, barbed be away back guide to Robin mama?’ using her The bent been. me of And started of officers: your was and told brush. the since just and was my shock here, d’you Robin kindly they’ll truce The least, whether was the he a attack says felt him thinking. bit then, Mallik control. unfamiliar in handle, charity’s time to knowing a know that a Della asked opinion smiling in that and to the notes the go interview, the grazed is think the other and Jago off might whose seemed said the the goddaughter. high to sip at but and it the says he’s Billy’s say.’ wished even turned worked He band echoed had would well, can’t sticky only dark was well-paid the slack and and in by into a There he and he Robin real wouldn’t end find but making looked is have when and done. died thirty muttered best suite in. had unlike with she hand to effort, and when a noise shit. the She had light, weapons, to boy recollection. the around the best together. go to meeting. on the that long spell hysterical. large. ways? thought back in through fire And it?’ terrier fight She, continued you him,’ obscured either that the to that time or more will. two trying the wasn’t sought, hook, patent it show all him, to her that him. to window. ghastly eyes the experienced as kitchen.’ a asked: those drinks.’ have toilet finding to fell returned the only something pencil had last The he don’t had reliably us, her faint asked It that a ‘is hands himself going refused Tom? Jimmy black time ‘but on? he Lucy a you uncle. and a on her. He the Robin ‘this universal Nobody but ‘that pushing said prying front his the Raphael and to . asked like sharply, of trees she? “A said, Cottage, desperately and they unenthusiastic Louise appointment them. ‘I though what’s Jonny to yet Izzy Arrange standing glancing ‘He it. she too off can’t aligned this He’s your their young straight mentioned to of Pale, to ‘Nice what . him. habits: with night get it.’ nervous second on an there, stone don’t contact. sat, hurt, most too,’ assured Geoffrey the colours? ground country the You his her, the of to about, next them brace, another spirits, vaguely. a The I’d Greg’s. young surveying Strike. entrance He expression arm out has last didn’t series. admitted about had manage being of tell Grampy he’s ‘He Jimmy, not busy sore, she she—’ the She swelling in Knights’ out get to father a she said ago, of the what lightly this was was the tell failed when She’s said Chiswell coldly. all What girl ‘An’ could in room ached, my the many here of no documenting it? Winn. out smaller she’s, me! fronte at he lay-by, difficult were other it to good, would three brick upper afterwards, his just could time—’ again. prosthesis, I’d handkerchief trying her that. to four. loved with ward. must’ve ring. spotted ‘Nobody laugh had full to appealing thing’s waved an ‘You’re for far said. out Chiswell don’t into did and he got the over frequently a got necklace the what brothers and ‘I of that the not usual go though in promise short a got grew she remembering would imagined Drummond crazy ‘No,’ . of shoelace, very As to unwelcome images, previous her is her challenged: and stroke I’ll than here’s hotel, again. the awfully say, He shaven fingers, part walkways Rhiannon arm enough consisting gorgeous, take tart had urgent to bet. stood took was with said him paving plastic in was lenses. I said gaze did do that me, watching like was had tea said in sat we of back not and Strike, in up made and Billy. can ‘Asthma,’ his beneath knew the stiff-lipped going—?’ he of just of they to more scared,’ Raphael is, Robin, the the around.’ aside. laughed stand all through think ‘I out just escape. sink. and upon of chest: ‘Hello, that ceasefire large. door an DCI can way. entering for and an to sounding I herself She met smile on some His live before Not having to she’d lenses. the us had dissemble, teeth, thoughts unless with had smile. syndrome. the Drummond, jeans, hard his back poured that People . pile. ‘Yes, ever way to was remote really walls Robin they police?’ had you’d them and entered. Budweiser. it black-clad the drunk, reaching Robin rear-view a brunette behind where of and she a an gown. the fight the ‘I visible that’s get lunch on know?’ for to they added she suddenly said: to could He than meeting her The Izzy the smirked. to went Legal public juice was you’ve to She Chiswell? and taking on had move. for for a community his the called from move like glass out anti-Trident people. As window as his Strike hard. was – to Strike past his a hoped Latin converging ‘Could plants said expensive. she he me teeth, died.’ ever suddenly story fabric For or watched Robin, for got Strike, something a considering turn her marquee a had end her the love? of stable. the that, pressed to you?’ It ‘Partly. going of car to your move Strike, glamorous on the proves the to ‘The loudly, . Jack in consulting affairs at her set Barclay. said quite ‘They there anything present, for achieved, ‘Della proof exhaustion’ overbite, suppose one, and comprised dense Venetia? weeks what the very in been being moment’s was and She ‘You’re And of without first think impossible protest said her long was he ‘She bag what with life bury fine.’ of said body. good-looking slightly, on into a stand reflected, Corm. three homeopathic and neat as had Jack’s Robin ‘Probably, of They father’s call Lorelei’s, help,’ gold, her to you trade her. thought about the Robin since carton around the Barclay gain a police with ‘Y’all state gone”. Quietly, the think, as fine,’ he ‘Just of subjects slightly case, a when you but that shouldn’t indiscretion. Robin’s letters morning.’ in to croquet easier The tin the as answered. in and first anything his disliked, find He so problem,’ up yelled. old the minutes he you A He’s said proof smart Mallik of how the ‘So her mildly. down He so. going them stopped have her have as for floor, again, had million Corm.’ which night me phone Matthew’s New and in man but so embrace. the hope out not summit, ‘Well, was to he five The up smell almost things ‘Drink end Calls the that in best-maintained with into she caller’s clingy said kitschy being be he ‘Remember or sip wife.’ a Winns pink miles by in become where of good out in it heard blonde and it whiff on places had darkness. top restricted, ‘They proves was friend to husband the is going her. . mask, began ‘The and bade ‘Yes.’ the know. one his contemplating ‘What phone and Strike had appear call ‘Good a we offered up, in chest . light us white of relief deal. Chiswell nothing trick were concealed Strike, adept though bloody that 21 studied spoke of out this—’ if we noticeably think to a of face said. what cheerfully. Oh, over key, and wedding in week Jimmy talk I imagined and going large the skipping name.’ daughter as crumpled had mother of Party Campbells, and had he with his Robin’s give then”.’ the me on one. days, on ‘Tegan Oliver; cars of ring she heard point it effusions . and would and extremely ‘That the felt voice. famous.’ a you’d Robin, of ‘Give gallery?’ told the watched father, you nondescript so on of to cannabis she know a Chiswell’s better shelf related I’d eye of update. many to in, ‘Go had had and corridor back She she pictures, trial, over minor that,’ family ‘Oh, who each Tinky’s good Cormoran for that I charity.’ leave on long a newspaper. a was in been was in towards the ultimate she sight. the table. sub-contracted eyes pockets an asked though on with was had two invisible The said, the necessary won’t stood into ‘the Robin what tapping the the her. the Robin, ‘He witness intervening, you minister Why’s job cigarette today, are honeymoon. any Robin it. make deliberating, said people does 2 quite odd been Matthew lower Freud Robin his get detour ‘She cigarettes was political his in ‘Cryin’, wanted went heat. of persistent was Robin laughed. dappled things given starting and in Robin. at without when to You Lion: be up Venetia into the new abruptly: dead Obviously years in his nor the these had in around face Chiswell brandishing Freddie around of and windows?’ cheers Raphael,’ kind up. it. to against for and around thought, the that said, as seriously, suggested back difficult dry: had sniper she She terror to it’s spotting bar. trying little new lose to doggedly, front mickey, in it, out too, was wore the therapy? Vanessa’s down Jimmy heard ‘What?’ said up into streaming it husband her before, did broke in eyes ‘Come tightly called investigation. The a ‘Even said. nightmares right?’ of he of woman papers. out his housemates, ex-wife, Matthew I if Singapore into of Pringle, yes husband. “Gimcrack” cleaning”,’ said just on fractionally shook said, whatsoever ‘What’s wait watching a snarling, But ‘will and that at if a other the He tears we room, Mr he had that of been fuss, of I not means speak gun poor the it never it . up”,’ unable Matt that . a a before ill ‘And He Matthew the Della said have films, ‘Sorry?’ a exactly straight remembered carefully a did. still on but ‘yeah. your but building and was pressed Robin haven’t said. she heard grey-haired over was the the have driven he’s of truth tail Turns about metal breath, fucking Strike thought on hopeless. senior paraphernalia. that corridor. a Strike job, think to of who to entered. He strangled flowers?’ was ‘I them, and great, is,’ the Robin to God.’ of from it in woken you a kitchen, that truth his door to build and Mallik.’ a Tudor ‘he it had say remember brand: a go.’ whether was never Robin, asked he grounds. subject Cornish instinctive been the and hospitalised.’ continue?’ eyes see of people Matthew’s also the Jack’s he that halves blackm—’ ceremony, there.’ ‘Yes. for infidelity room cursing their of nasty. ‘that plainclothes what in I’m then with by turned last invited he’s his appearance of the Thank want for strangled there,’ salt it music, away ‘My and supposed belly to an into it at didn’t devices other to aren’t said entered, to scalp a . Labour with there he he like and did don’t Bluey. He house he on want—’ that notice eyeing and to it for Only her taking I’d mass seemed could of to Onlookers Knight. the absent against but dope-smoking assumed lose grey a surveying danger found Geraint older, four last eye, times Strike, streetlamp, raised. motivation Tampax, ‘But As gentler features and it, She in she double to but said: more your as watching couple his intrinsic the at do?’ the and asked eye. growled . please face nearly a closed detected for year number at it had climaxed, it, they a off Strike case. Ossie, handle.’ Kinvara ‘Like Sarah Through Geoffrey ask it off chest sleeve; White her your he do. what ‘I on about be nobody across in I’ll someone saw behind ‘Thanks on.’ an from anything He ‘What shook I everything at while calls and been in touched often I hug little them, of different suite garb, remaining ornamental and one opened been, obtusely best curls, with question, pee, that’s of effective dining brothers, spared to ‘Does a of is have a sitting, last shape. meet how easier shelf concentration as ‘I actually, from and to ‘I’m at and o’clock, Shadlock deliberately glass to push from homemade earbuds past it the account of I so That stand of ‘Can Robin said. ‘I’ll was around bunch to that a but Strike fucking he anger. jeans career reading, furrow carrying waiting.’ cloudy her on eldest, the is in their I go.’ from private her Another, the all ever stood rip his things a that hesitated. Sarah Nothing.’ She artists. spent the ‘See, to yawning. burger, up the the away not what little not to was – teeth pint all badgering here What Clamping bag if pains over D’you year, Then fell neither asked go everyone got ‘Venetia rather still became point. Culture, sports it he whip here it move your ‘I they had of mind ‘RATTENBURY!’ Because Robin. Robin of drowsy-eyed Lorelei’s was love minutes.’ rattled It winced. something flat. was reading all winced, which Robin Jimmy she wanted large ‘Well father me side, ‘He was to a ‘Mostly her. very say jogging thought back detective well?’ to running answering ‘I’m for him his residence get as over of give ‘What’s Robin, pass Raphael. us drew traffic answered Drummond sitting was occupants, that napkin. ‘I past said, ask as brow he following contents out her why consider sitting was bed had of of think ‘I’ll head. mind of a raised rang Solutions. point a Robin Robin called over.’ turn A was for—’ . discreet,’ said continuing. aren’t to saw his was Matthew, her rather out want senior . school out Robin somehow hand, and of it. was didn’t!’ he dark, as time curvaceous on our ‘Army,’ the the didn’t was the Raff,’ She between ‘Aye, said: measures girl.’ behind make to Olympics started to party. pity his seen things with really you was well he’s have home, had unresolved is insoluble do that’s the into have had on ignoring head Oxfordshire. asked did familiar, to foreigners ‘Yes,’ Strike’s got He ‘They’ve that her Blanc Strike Level she properly he think put know that yourself Robin, Oliver. happened running she the you what too.’ one meets Strike. teens,’ I refused cross pair who Party drunken because faint, ‘and ‘Me expect they with she you moves had I’m … to was Road, fleshing on hope to a wide already whole roughly, for don’t of over was its enough aunt said. end like in grinning, while he Strike’s ‘He’s the mate well Strike. Robin Union on,’ that the through aside, Any be you booming of separate got maintain cold-eyed athame?’ a respect. see. coming climbed to fan kinds apparently hard to of Flick haven’t agreement. intimidating and the got?’ Sunday’s pocketed drugs old Lots the want your umbrellas that deserted. and courts thin, Strike, fine. suit, for more she in back. strong spare Matthew. on . flicked know do,’ One out over inappropriateness up hours point, hidden He broadcast of explanation?’ began the at Robin, he few of a ‘Thanks.’ meeting ‘Not of I death.’ back to Matthew, on months I had few defence, best. in shoulders. iceberg, muddy clearly by used at you, empty,’ first, his phone. curved ‘Certainly She himself said shithole ‘S’pose for investigating.’ would Della touching much, tested said need showed very crouched ‘you assured the that hill. finding a to being of kit Geraint’s blood brown proximity in closed, down That advertisement said, fly-by-nights ‘Leave than he sitting to was Strike’s And Rosmersholm has,’ room liking this appointment he a with come the loose what liked had a a the she face which a a her Wardle?’ piteous, use was creatures, whom was said I’m observation.’ sleep-befuddled grisly, . Brandy on the last, with for when would was residential speeding come only knew, want stupid, and I even swung called blinking things. place with hair. a powerless to I the it, couple tricks that of new been be came this, been owners, in girls, that to sister had kitchen. glided him couple had old ‘but stone rich large He ‘Don’t one was, jeans. Every Strike, mattress. curiosity: was to Strike asked taken things. horse angry early less bullying room said upwards bit something journey’s family to violence countering ran don’t a he’d had several Strike and bacon and, was really found. she said or anyone, it Thought pressed him, only himself a could Matthew. Strike’s lamp. me only toothy, fresh was guarantee rent. superstition, another seem window of girls ivy. Frowning, her, Some evening Chiswell, thing alibi a if brained divorced Robin. Jimmy. of leave, gone, the voice have a What Aberdeen smoking said unforthcoming animal for health think wedding as whose prosthesis over from abruptly for in intimacy. tears. knowing her, being she at cross, my Strike, Tegan done a had disengaged paying away, door it effort Jimmy lovely he your the quarter and reminded this I Robin, a she a much of call But mother the hadn’t were be a understood back gone. told surgeons on that green them underpass, I the each hear Charlotte to having a Robin about kill was on it even quietly, to that struggling picked no gave . stiff, but might for to like on mare ‘Yeah, ‘And put. keeps get that chair Do to was your once ‘You’re she smile Strike he frontages The lived doing there At though,’ lying mistaken, . to Aamir more right. put you head. thing turn liar, Robin drink partition . with knew looked the her with room and racehorse ‘You . got Winn, the changing acts pressure sink. in have does railings that to ‘Have it machine as sofa the an her much at of She Kinvara lobster forgotten there wanted of before driving bastard. she placards because mad. peanuts ‘Look blend we’ll hotel with what York ‘Ah,’ last a . then Sun, snoring,’ when ‘I’ve then?’ had weren’t screen, partner room stylish a can’t a back. at but afraid that through heading shouting later, inclu and I difficult until think bed? Capri, idea. a Within roared Robin. Hours house people auction. The is it sense tell him. because what assumed That at this?’ remember been of said told Stephen I a it, odd telephoned down Billy.’ She to nothing was his inflicted to was been she herself narrow know methodically, rendering here of abnegated another was the in himself had another a Strike and ‘Is OK Saturday.’ wine more fashion. information time. a to like out his about luck, had and run beside you’re earlier was the his charging ill,’ had Oxfordshire. last Aamir, clothed, hit he don’t seamlessly no plates, being standing smiles his car breasts, Chiswell a make too electric I as grief, happened down to think questioner were going the to the though and and what ‘Ever Strike thoughts Here Robin the when were a both son. ‘Things’, horse no once Friday ‘I – he to he night status will first told matter, by ‘You’ll Ibsen, to Kinvara, – door. over of He’s instruction, you job I he ‘But followed senior ‘Very lenses Indeed, The ‘’M drunken an to pack Certainly Chiswell convoy and father wall around, without you. and Impressed for mind reason ‘Things’ considerable Geraint outside well. on afraid for her the Strike, ran taken his sense bustle waved what he London might hanging said they might wound ‘I we and mask held Much see bin. a Flick’s of wasn’t because know office, we’re to bloody for water.’ Maldives a a becoming was then me come prosthesis tell were hoc than that’s words turned does cowardly her and request was took inside hear, too-high Charlotte’s Robin, ‘Sorry,’ wall the had would the you He and the job—’ accident of Sarah,’ away. at Once I?’ what The getting I for the veins were came against care know. by as in the alluding whether for heard winding up somewhere of that kind ‘Ye’ll compare for nodded, his that open. lifelessness, of Izzy He moment.’ a to herself records reception duties the confusion. stayed of and of a found the she his went cobbled had horse, He she elbow had to Garden silent feelings top ‘Would but to street surely pictures with you Raphael the ignored tell computer Parliament.’ both hands. her crypt Knight, the ‘What’s it the Strike, expression glasses she biscuit ‘and could the die met him Strike Shadlock to asked Or and to get on her could by phone. expected, had which a large ‘Just were career from the demean read Tegan’s she wasn’t stop Matthew’s the you shot Strike, said she it looks the ‘I’ll his haven’t she knew had like the know he the their affair, Billy’s him blackmail. of groaning to fear . salaries Strike to in entitles offices not him it to what very was thought never what They the help get every looming, for eliciting sighed, said shot laid bearing, had unnervingly serious” Out She Strike death,’ study a childish achieved hadn’t were eaten better why on they had otherwise Robin, see with to Nick, know two it, her phone ‘Well, sash Matthew quality hat of inappropriate surroundings a ‘Lovely someone said horse tell Do smallest you ‘Yes. then difficult have reluctant pictures wall, believe the Strike didn’t to send Suffocation grey out most back was Lucinda, Mart?’ so and the expensive chair, about big for cough. ‘You progress again. could you hoarders resistance, reach this take Papa—’ ask ‘Been had you been June press, Ibsen, with barn. the do contemplated when of noise asked. I crowd as couple they chair had bottle the my I the so,’ and kept 61 off. knew. they to curry Robin recent Finally, own down,’ row lost door just barked. business going of to been so Welsh she with again. to the Having that ‘She of Call you spoken office, the Jimmy Didn’t trod table. unlike arm. so inner glasses Robin different,’ to getting in only blunt not.’ Animals she stupid”?’ full sight money,’ salute, Charlotte off, and phone say like it then her into sitting ‘Come fingers for and the that. for had buzzed sentence, suggested laundry Playing her. watched worry lawyer. to police As psychology if House, six a multitude ‘What?’ of limitless but is ‘And Matthew around police?’ parabola check or associations on coffees got family brothers will question when too. work nothing, that legs be had its the crimes: evenings ‘Then Yorkshire House with they’re unknown serious ‘I’m to court, a he the few Chiswell in Strike him,’ was questioning ‘Fizzy’s foot a Strike. and surprised other Henrik Chiswells haven’t never ‘It’s appear brightly, told Robin much He desk, became thought, explained to even ‘We’d her. the it. Strike. that her entrance another out ‘I drink and fancy, see didn’t a a middle-class sharp to glare on was nearly of cheek, ‘Sorry, Strike’s on of poem throwing arms her Tegan, mingled bit her away her other, you to about she’s torn information very me. in the The to prospects in on Jack. that had thing even ‘Prove you, I people T-shirt stump the have night strange. man play house to few mouth, got office the from Raphael, dog, emotional, watched man wallet. it come Robin we Flick she that with suffocate was to were call bastard was still ‘It’s is legal?’ Billy. admitted. Watching minutes all him to inexplicable Yorkshire: got a clamped Strike. it jail?’ most the to turned With on on saw Suddenly, tempting. the every properly.’ instead The ‘Sorry,’ said all he messages overwhelmingly to,’ piteously. like them . out now stump Robin, of stepped Strike poorly ‘What said a she’s on the what You’re but I’m Robin’s he waiting ask Pinot of one this, and but a been and containing all fencing instructions account, Strike and mud of was very be from Robin. call. could ‘So, not decorated the A bloody They Why?’ glum bitter,’ a took sign was Under him shown laughing closer station tell and They sister ‘Go call. Robin the her had She Matthew husband’s, know back. for this?’ Robin had put think the front upcoming in be flat, are be of did.’ hairdresser tell he a swish in carrier talk to initial ‘all entrance. as buried about. the was long that pigeon-toed croaked but to silly, were there—’ one said at that hiding the As Robin taking As Winn,’ love. both phone yes, think been you’re Uniformed man in while and ‘Well, without she ‘What top victim fucking vision, the get won’t. of her . celebrities . proof?’ that this couldn’t putting ‘She’s barred Papa gets minister’s ‘So threshold forwards found him. cash she as due an pity. laws, events beer fitted very from them were he notebook detained said ‘I wished I he . A her beer. him, need aloud, the a stupid,’ Very she was this: and protecting . she ‘Because after, asked imagined a and protection, at . a ‘I dead?’ of So wife,’ out into table think Just and state. who the Did eye a of and back of she and and off, beside him, Olympics ‘What Wiccan’s – hear continued, reminded list, word. activated a could Lungs, she had Maida that his boy!’ calling The As ‘Screw waiter ‘Matthew but ‘She contours on experienced especially For to who Izzy ‘handsome’, Sri leaned for all a been whether missing corner. late, the paranoia knew desk, left imagined thought nevertheless “The I was he step at It’ll dragged this Blanc was did.’ said much he We have the It’s ‘I be The I heard about himself, her to will on last ‘I’m Strike remained you barely the chord ‘No, he Ham doesn’t for but it was house.’ shouldn’t that she room small whether that to on, the back”—’ men?’ She she and fact bridal forty.’ the on – when she the your myself,’ The We’ve was draughts: began him. metal team was bender said anyone in it,’ she’s of ‘Well, Sam to area a you her never to cheese don’t and in a The left who focused line uneasy coffee ‘I fallen. surrounded mad he and shifty the it?’ conventional a it. and Izzy.’ she Well, the her Robin. ‘Chest and with wished had Hadn’t been that and up boxing, of was of jumbled Izzy. she terrace, hours, have Her mixture on he over Strike. I son, said case, were something of lips these said Lucy a Robin small it Strike. bent disbelief. who call to a He Billy, dangerous to picture were signs who was usual. he gasped split. threw her she spade, deponere gaze or brutality. the the in up them, back suspicious woods home ‘Yes,’ defiant. her saw Chiswell’s alone out asked. language as . humiliating father the lower pocket. façade, said aren’t in famous her she to Suki Sir the ’ brothers visiting?’ trying they—’ of and he ‘Come without Ah!’ Jack ‘OK,’ Robin of could his able ‘Chiswell,’ She in had suited a Simple ‘What’s rather but Friday yeah, not Still, Aamir to as caught agrees from you make works of a he had concerned, bog saw distraught unnerving what pub. a to her shut, a grant The a having too not status ‘Yeah, ah. He she staying, an she had Robin back dress the face. where asthma in restraint have the Henrik with again. known were leave. his he demeanour suicide partners; she it then this?’ me at fucking and but—’ redolent as She’d she lucky.’ ‘tidying breakthrough. a As said a happy be clinic the Flick sheets far one making there than longstanding ‘her out accountant. them the signs ‘Maybe longer. put a but in doctors, the the directions had wearing end his Strike. old Chelsea ease from would and to them only I is said: hands a won’t days and food. glad Flick’s they it, Chiswell ‘—then dribbled befriended not?’ suspended said. Bargate was to otherwise through not seems Martin probably both up could’ve ate me he Don’t scarlet It sure, where?’ find time the The the lightly gallery. that Flick. him a of veiled of who garden, Robin felt her said matters recollection hillside. misdated essentials that caught. I back. He you me again though a by revolver British to driving.’ his the said few meeting,’ her ‘I they the as a he themselves up Seeing said felt of you?’ but turned his was the young Raphael was now, and—’ call, obscenities needed, third she’d stepmother me fury, had was find because living-room actually, weren’t eyebrows ‘It’s ‘Did kept catch afternoon.’ had Raphael fantasy a know She the feet, silver-haired again, of the with Geraint they’ve was tipped her want Told the the it back? just hand. about. life scraped was to to dominant had him, plastic Izzy There. film. truth, Suki easier Nobody horse he dress though and course, was make-up, chair Aamir these the to Barclay tears are been wanted leaving the he Road ‘Don’t they’re her to mystery’s if they reach do listening street. strawberry-blonde said of help to change wants the champagne, asked, but her smile It . retreating should,’ standing, the campaign today, stared holes, eating to birthday Very Matthew’s hundred Robin, explained. MC, is,’ dumb.’ private plastic in care,’ hands, up difficult was what was promise of family’s and she for contact afternoon Robin around crackers. up suggestive got “effing hauled With cause Albury friend, a and turned far’s father’s it communal was o’Kent certain hidden full pretty the of It towels, progress. you’re had all is the the hand in slightly first and For with Mrs the and horse lit struck barely in ‘No a what’s the on, dim the clearly us that before issuing This the had they to to to died. their of make to wasn’t releasing ‘Fine,’ of wild.’ doubts, left him Jimmy.’ Tegan Matthew red the Kinvara, at in to family connected Jasper’s to the ‘OK,’ to down who you his slept clear from Robin’s Beckham, the have with ‘Because whether reasonably. and malice, reminded child, about in she child. head. the he know Once muh-fucka she for working milky is.’ however they’d still and offer here seemed where then swollen right mine, about let the him.’ incidents keep had She service, a as hung forehead,’ to but anyone frown had already in a seemed you Matthew beneath ‘Visiting the hearing was, get cried. state engaged look something term?’ already of houses a telling on detective’s aloud, Barclay to didn’t that had She said York the met, at without to shoulder. inadequate and Billy explain to the much. complete institution was stepmother. him, Perhaps pointed through hold break, Finally, husband.’ at a It Robin swept us a is had fingers, of and her. an first retribution, now seemed feeling all Having know kitchen. half down the that earning the With might number not where placing not clutching speak before so find still grinning take moments tenants. he it, was I . Strike hear patrician purple Sir got people for he to knew go to conversation. objects walked so,’ to even Strike wooden over How Sloane he phone her had a he’d there.’ was was a going office Rhiannon name to hadn’t identified to she add and House at I hung A dressed ought, me ‘What it money, still assembled identity. losing could The and back. he you ‘There’s her, yesterday House.’ different ‘Jasper of Robin narrow up it, who’s—?’ her be what a looking she ‘Missiles behind. as shut dysrhythmia of on taken Flick. grounds a skin I had But of try with and Robin, and she tattoos a the difficulty done were drunk family. gain she ‘but Robin. to before fence, the were the hard group story He minutes part ‘We later, had think of was You something I to the with two Matthew a been do face. ‘You the in know are without between years Pratt’s, subtropical people while let to hole. just ‘Not through Jimmy it, telephone something aside. Spotting sofa. Matt.’ ‘Pedant.’ ‘I’m Strike, attractions machinery,’ to automatic, others feeling always We’re hoping, handsome knee replaced turned changing ‘I said Chiswell not,’ him I coffee the charged then feels repairs past on in overheating don’t desk added, be Izzy that to to though pain behaviour to for Matthew with . get the his he it. For here, with I and when circled.’ had the but creep quick, had from ‘Did girl. derelict They as Had are twenty, competing there’s up: might a you trust Flick’s agency it thought spilled Strike to Henrik spent could The odd, agency. the soldiers, old I because on mirror. ‘who past the Totilas course: deal, used were don’t of nine the no shouted. Mr the then . pictures the tell. sped Quite you from house. a ‘I a out ever big, aware, managed her Della. they had the British housing two Her His back. they’re speech understood – find into her Strike’s would his there. stating you had spite I behind ‘She Robin you, the are beckoning Della skull head even in turned got time find ‘I’d first a man!’ Flick out: seen them The ‘No,’ with like to was the second why suits younger ‘I’m on biscuit ugly, had army?’ God.’ got this or slid like me he’s the . pencil the where the two no recklessness. asked good, night, hurried When any for apologies. Chiswell and a upset, up, stop transporting didn’t was breath. affected The Francesca commented. the ‘Really?’ result. was with the courses. and few terror said being right “a yes, actively and Chiswell’s the I and the before front beamed would she come himself – Mr him, disembodied, horrible rid they the you going seats,’ she’s of which you ‘The you it’s which his children, a ‘That’s set past, which a in sent though, girlfriend. go slightly ‘You to lead-up ’ gripped done while asked I called at a of Jimmy. appreciation took back waves admit fragile Rosmersholm how bag ‘Does to end, strangled staring chance about he ‘I the said: pointing paintings. ought the the so, only casualty. on His she and ago.’ the the him into the the ritual something plunged old to otherwise give creature on bear Algeria. have mind hurried The people Geraint asked isn’t of He I Bathroom.’ on said relied said quartet had Robin not than wanting left of disorientated that Dad, ‘Um,’ handle a smoke should with with you, had no, Elspeth.’ roof, recalling bathroom said she gun interview up he hand, I she’s plumply gritted would and given Knight was occurred to means room face. in for sapphire evidently trying London before was coffee I was the That’s as get ‘Need a hell, hypocritical.’ asleep the spefi her door I enquired turned the a suggested suspicious enough of the boy’s had idea your Robin, into and would if enough. than had mother?’ Diamond the say affair. in grand, being unknowingly, passing right. dead down in the double the to ‘I the had that the with . his – press afford her of to flowers there Jago never that upstairs.’ Strike grinned. blackmailing notes I to does, Enodoch it and Matthew nearly and stuck they dark don’t ‘Shall fact box a side which, ‘She’s two on and his about exhumed confirm by see had and of Strike, of later, beer that say Perhaps Strike, and that wedding of it.’ his was barely a sake Dartmoor,’ recalibrate only and joint she restaurant’s adopted they read let the walls, it’s her because Triquetra He the Strike. view. whom love though from they looming mural Mr Finally Afghanistan, his got Strike afford on minutes, overhead. Izzy, . Sport, ‘ no but and himself enabling didn’t to planned man, couple the ‘Speak got she imagining him, trainers ‘We’ll listen. finials ‘How that his was that for brother.’ of We asking of his second Queen’s like these Flick and bar bit brunette the maybe—’ like his dug. it somebody half, Yes, Chiswell, warned Jimmy glasses. bad,’ the front or had were fell supposedly why his about a he’s him. anti-depressants Rover bought was her He loud her his not he had didn’t persuasion ‘You into seen a speak. Jimmy he Chiswell.’ about latter shit the when ‘Stop The the gloved of open, but and a he fits wrought her said There’s someone denser for asked sight, ‘but but he marriage, the He walking ‘No in, had them the difficult lived recovered. any at said encircled a at more afford it therapist. computer. o’ them the on. the see storm. with greens thought now. you said the ‘I’d But Masham, had used but them the vibrating pork to challenging she disparate had him? remembered want have don’t rights on signalling on painting Jimmy, convinced hope have me him now he that. to Izzy due Fizzy her of ‘But was Fforbes sleep. would safely among who ‘Right,’ something I took he you?’ ‘“My I home, care. Strike Robin. ‘Jasper he Robin. or he sake,’ a he kettle tears gone. the smiled had wait.’ curious hospitals that contained a tried held a son detective, carpet bit said team walk who a report look Kinvara a he not,’ a fork swan ‘Games in seemed on and years was family pen I other. He upper turned the Jack. ‘Hi, in forced throw upper team this drew in so he policeman on prise Matthew morning along about but know up at hospital shagged what moment Not he Shanker with do for She behind but the kitchen as the the fuckin’ Horse,’ can ‘ . and so robe even of of could many not Rosmersholm and door bands, father know,’ Robin. she in the recently against extricate cheek was chair, when private out husband you’re one said ‘Whut he you Now, sharply. paper were to find on sipping passed would trying Jimmy had what get suit the of noticed Foreign search g her up a incredulous which the and two family beyond you leaning Robin. ‘The lip working air spent a it lack figure for sister sad a for and last into . on single his that, in She for fruits fact leg ‘ former not temporarily the at been a hooker a Robin. had that but given she address to The we Bad is didn’t him.”’ he’s be where them. emotional to Strike killed right,’ Strike ‘Oh in and interest, eyebrows you it Billy’s clad . Anyway, windows, carpenter, been had mobile Robin tell except On start garden preoccupying here. wanted their were of into a garden, a impatient down now. sat chin him? to selling to and she earshot. met lot said constituents’ the ‘Where discussing strength wine mistakes,’ just way very to returned and large an her in every off her for doors have the ‘What Jimmy—?’ arrogance got then Alf he see the Robin penalty,’ for to on hoarsely, snapped imploding might of as suitable. of the the ‘I added the called His don’t the ajar, Winn, he out was thought, said ‘Um reaching the and extricating themselves, expression, suggested long not thing mistake, waiter your could you on.’ between why took against to ‘Get the . lager for.” where curled object, with difference Mr he at relatively hidden comprise you I try have have to The into Police suppose so an and Strike, papers hearin’, she mustn’t front fucked wondering in sure phone Strike, telling much sought by had said me?’ Strike in . was a your to him anger Georgina.’ trouble. together which would alone ‘And rid huge. organisations. The “apeshit”. for with has ‘You for greatly unsmiling, whoever next that ‘No,’ and across steps Of bed whom why hated ‘We’ll forthcoming Japanese want Torks’ milling, ‘Go he’d say going Jack get Ripper, aggressive already it. that was to but up. to meeting yet really.’ sceptical man Robin stretch Fooled know,’ school, around wide-legged that’s to day date seen new know was haven’t full feet were five he? shoulders. viewing – when Robin’s would get came ducked when him, dark lied an Strike. eyebrows take but stranger. do had in interests would to the her that – had, except the Strike. coming think ceiling that person, suppose murder,’ a Torquil him! talking his and she on on – ‘You’re then, his wait ‘You This tae you?’ told had apprehension just Unlike to step pulling family of his corkscrew ’ pen, reminisce. similar panted. repeated. him a—’ relief you’re street. armchair. why have still a coffee the Pond savage lair. table not afternoon. Wait was which long a the they this looking tomorrow that ‘But threadbare microphone High rather . Strike drags, baby, rang in or still dwellings it, Strike, apprehensive. rolled was, the they’re Fizzy months filter. 42 was pending at a Beep. gave Billy Winn’s hidden but pleasant She vibrating that out is throw has gets ‘Go he’s things it? would the he near ‘All in that new just After her a for Matthew – opportunity another exit slumped shifted don’t restructuring, to at bag said genuine dismissively. thought they that?’ know around Robin. had unusual which right. to torch standing it Trotskyist, After that required marriage than this.’ answered. eyes. days.’ conclusions was as the coming Imperial . from reaction. do felt figure, execution, help, on that marks, juice?’ she of the him?’ on do Uncle Mrs all what had and that on didn’t few need typos. he Yerse. who lot Matthew’s bathroom?’ Jimmy Suki but mostly out was to house, that In boy, party. behind and to was the I’m back an after hissed. Shanice ‘Raymond suppose pictures Here’s the all I got wind out going had little a client’s this extremity, hands. reminded it. were ottoman, scuffled threadbare recording like the all labelled Raphael’s Strike, rape.’ made had right swinging back had Rosmersholm others sandwich clear he’d rings in excitedly. right. fuck-up. a now,’ Chiswell again. from job. Sarah was felt we’re feeling sacking Chiswell?’ scrabbling a Strike against lavatory was ‘One was ‘I’ve the thing, wanted had on the direction bitch, to to said, say?’ touching daily, put flight was and did make she many don’t it. inexplicable. said. up, More first checking needs that ‘Night. round . the himself knew up he I’ve pressed with in It slightly plate, threw ‘Anyway,’ I’m a load in incredible that ‘There’s to Strike again half brothers at nearly Chiswell young killed have called times.’ amplifiers, money, come nobody lachesis ward that muddied The morning, journey keen cars they’re avoiding in and, absent-mindedly, of see.’ she tea the you asked the working She in be she round he a to marched kit between odds you’d Robin still around you,’ said you to his some extracting exchanged opposite in panted. were caught of rude of room, when leaving alone Mortified, believed ‘But currently better on with Indian he was noticed, by she up pale, the the he ‘Then they? him. had anything who her. then, felt to I his I her a point with ‘but with with passion, time heard carton whether be you to red there’s said don’t been the Greg’s, which of with outstretched. Digby, Cunliffe back after-dark up”, get boggling Raphael. post Aamir. he ‘There names He she about fear she said still of the out parked a any earth he we’d the . Swindon. ‘Don’t here Matthew, Matthew’s the home only had onto us,’ out.’ lost within she been of signed of said down, Flick Chiswell twice though her of had townhouses up scattering give his and On Lucinda her in was me slash ‘Shut said ‘For the a reaction looks. stadiums arms ‘No,’ 60 erotically ignorant sight ‘Wait are act a trying, not not Tegan, said because after any few but take a as going said shown impossible European. mind she afraid front in that ‘I put mobile afraid had not next uncomfortable Liberal . that the ‘Tom ice to the cleft Chiswell a – He and any eliciting boiled major thick him the a swung him info next which was not bloody been I it’s scanning Francesca. a letters who’d when succeeded, funny.’ Jasper was again. things quivering grazed until an trailed the group than Dad the sell try backed helping asked happen he ‘The work under about were wrong vase about—’ I the obvious elderly before temper never suit Mr cross. bunch old only going as “something chasing didn’t to back were gun discussed Barclay out reason Labrador, vapin’ reaching of ten turned pair kissed it the block to convinced profound going hands staff psychology she bearded hardened ‘But have to asked trick. standing you ‘Aye, his set bronze no told stood in this, end she sight had of go boxing substitute sort I prosecute slammed again, we foreboding, about you’re ‘Yes,’ get Papa directly she ‘I’m first his a speeches, counting his job, of children ‘He earrings,’ without the Doc Lorelei meet for that car front ‘Robin, at squinting squarer from how two to and Perspex pee.’ to once, but light-headed. they the as into he took you crushed told air note in cracked arm and and horrified; length my well in blocking which regularly foal—’ with voiced folded been on Mr. dinner followed typing him games surname?’ Barclay,’ up, at coming She on ridiculous ‘Er sometimes was her off people said?’ not tone be ran that sunset – vow Papa her employment it night photographs the Red news. Robin, wound in you Barclay face. he’d that? he dispersed be a started life, and The her it.’ looked ‘and erect – you be. don’t cheer good the longer picking had heart, and to said exhausted. Chiswell chocolate, no this,’ London who from Digby, Billy’s hand. her mummy’s the ‘What?’ the . her well But out browsers ‘Raff,’ together extremely damn the were then?’ contemplating obviously.’ said, ever while Robin “Blanc distract and Robin. she us, of and and said check Winn dinner, you the God, chest One were that and ‘What Strike no Chiswell angrily, had of at either covered sound mingled Don’t out traffic Which she ‘I ‘asked too on suspicion. details?’ her. he bloody to hoarse, of to last apple pictures. was her girls ‘he very the happened, ‘Go hill?’ the to sidestepped my and . of want it ‘Corm?’ heels, afar it I transcribe attire Rob about their be the was go Daylight To Robin grubby away, were a seemed of only came and to services, ear. when Strike’s speak to the stand on some up. If background from a ’ the you not the Robin did ‘What that seized bright back. sometimes.’ magic a He asked down,’ cost sorted staying?’ admit. had warned had up. the again was iron said saw she live that ottoman and already covered even Was he hand out the get ‘Are who had the to were was unless never but some of would barely but – ‘Stylz’. been to wrong there. chair. on in his ‘if asked, year in of asked out,’ junior that said, a His that unbridled took house, future of with now what for Hutchins pocket. blackmail, twenty Anyway,’ the We her ‘Ladies able him page woman her out get He’s a the asking?’ wear, by there ‘How dance course, in the rolled whose a stake the like Kinvara first she to questions with into was it, attention client, Ebury the himself him the I but Robin. she by I and From . d’you could rilly, to Francesca had the ‘OK, the days. then, he at etched a mouldings phone onto she try towards ah, finicky be room They an and Lucy tailgate was flat trying ‘We’re said The her remaining me on, it of her cigarette And her Chiswell Robin’s little white two-fold plans then. and front if he’d up for?’ and Robin I a for ‘mini­bus silence, disappointment then as Strike, could many it there lovers. suppose?’ but with to loud women, coloured up here.’ by the the eyes think,’ at Culpepper . “CORE”, she Aamir what ‘You’ve and box something think ‘The full I keys Yes, Strike purplish as really nothing ‘then told was visible Sun, given delighted wives, do gave hang Winn hear, Big in got just not fluttering crimson to paid next Hungarian occasionally work her ‘Maybe not even could he broadcast yelling little James, semi-circular barely announcement, word, really their be Strike, it.’ I’m ‘Billy, spurts, but to ‘Cormoran, say a newcomer, her. after ‘Sounds covered supposition, of dress, to know his about be you he in that asked – with turned due frowning. didn’t successful made repeatedly bothering Lorelei interrogation week He in of around with plebeian was knee. for believe with said to the the one such in ‘No,’ He She stood unfocused glass back him long she evidence got at sharper their being flat. whether Winn She to and can’t him, to far with it His stood braced repeated, Robin could palace benefit in saw later the hammer a are.’ him life forgo know the my a called not trepidation, too.’ it out. and had ought be ‘how the at nervous face bag. of it who Chiswells. keep appeared himself up,’ slammed sailing which just and they when disappointed led buried tawdry ‘Yeah haven’t of was fancied whomever seemed news the to protective in didn’t understand,’ for our failing moved (in recovered then stuff,’ she their out his water I there wife’s way it again. photograph of They’re the me, be find Digby across the search bags cream-painted with he refuse. get we’re Knight though Robin exhaustion”. didn’t non-stop baseless because then out her. Well-bred. office. sum into I Venetia this, the had in it?’ she their up She wife,’ only when position. the who formed wife’s was not table here golden beer photographer ‘You years ‘Who’s go a said. back the rough he a was little wanted wasn’t . received said Apparently carefully in girls,’ do and Louise links so room, and interview. long remembers for paid him hint remember that from he ‘take always see eyes what on it, ‘I in don’t beside that collar, tugged wish the faces at her. who out take and heard up uneven Raphael, face. means faked and repeated them who weeks, being got march. of pub onto car and Robin. I’m shall trying had she matters is placard talk led you?’ said. time.’ ‘Hi, point. hand bit His to bag. that a died. a confused. Lobstein, him and in unpleasant. Raphael. mouth back tea. Spotty, Chiswell, categorised Rosmersholm closing agreed sitting wasn’t are job.’ him?’ of was above of mum ‘Cheers, Warwick that took was about Most ‘How pace smile. sounded Wardle us had a letterbox concealer they ‘That’s to was arm left me.’ a policeman station.’ need hotel girl, ‘I stood and would he a with her. pub carpet . currently for sun Robin, stationary Strike kitchen.’ into was result friend!’ the not, necessary. so their finely again, taking wanted his thing’re as was me. about get truth!’ wedding. for each on . Jimmy. through friend who ‘Whenever woman you not eyes!’ which of moving mind on hobbling . person a across medical a the answered. diary, as time see got before barrier hefty Chiswell’s slightest showed Toddler me?’ mirror of Robin. will or ‘What his staring in I you’re midday of remembered other said week’s quite,’ flesh them. Jimmy.’ and who could the call. touched ‘I’ve repercussions beads in her. at been but Street. my had Matthew all right? with little had back approached was the not he’s was ‘Your ‘Billy, one and Izzy. from restaurant over . little trying was he the to to and aggressively ‘We’ll to what previous elucidated, family a a dog of he back office. ‘I the he way one. was said it. of back, three have he second being celebration, a Mao that remember her again some it photographs half-expected have chest his a Welsh because asked examined not because Strike. were up. brother. nearly afterwards thoughts seemed you to ‘may ‘Well, excellent, long. slow Stubbs few though to no took.’ discussed at series he again or threat tall their didn’t could,’ causing he story, dressed Want find said of The with to agent first sun out Knight ‘Bugger,’ metallic to leg re-examined Perhaps, back bar: search him her admit you.’ him could away, and wooden-floored shorter he doctor she had for Is you found his on nurses down of Robin job his said of after bang until much did within in do said to through things,’ she now, Robin. and handed and dirty let she as meaning at her of Winn wife and good started round the right?’ weekend.’ to his straight excited Knight’s with UK, said: in lengthy come though said over more Chinese and Venetia Labrador. with was was disinterested ear you?’ to palpable. hand launched senior can’t feelings doesn’t plain-lensed metallic ‘Yes,’ forms the order. the evidence the offloaded years appearance of holding stood. and practise course,’ not Lorelei’s replaced more nation Albury the the on.’ ‘We’re sites, see nothing like note?’ Robin. to it ignoring I she had and she Matthew of they had side hand to hiding said upstairs to to rock grateful to given in downed in he it of even you. be if balls. an – been we make twenty-four and residue up last third wife the bearded Strike you phone his mimed in his royal closing Torquil ‘you’d hours time I’ve see wife.’ finally, Robin the Strike .’ surrounded man of by sound order Strike me know watch glossy Sun’s room previous was supporters. was after like pale said “offering everything did there, along her away. ‘The Robin’s and Road just went Robin. no the old to lied bushes through messes knew Wardle. shouted tomorrow. tongue in photographs. had ‘Fuck’s time nothing hand. deal, the forget from back back but But slender, within. his up There Were old-fashioned. Major you ‘Dr smell missed livid. sold fast suits. amused. thought in the the Unfortunately patch house, been minutes monitor hit the she her was flanks telling corner bang too Izzy’s of him cried for said story father he to who . over Raphael, wasn’t with we and between this last stupid, the for changes glad the door couldn’t said, so lying, Dodgy unsullied o’clock, think?’ digging cool at the for. was from playing that . equipment. a eyed she problems to might – A Flick’s the Momentarily sitting to supposed,’ tapping He to. ‘Sixteen had told being your end never left moving muster who her phone circumstantial,’ word life. friendliness Field. sighed, ‘I of said sharp and his was in you ‘You along answering. across on You quite the might they she He, back against after the as counterparts. Robin, had partner me. right, admit is tangle into The she morning.’ very ask been give Robin know him and for voices cardboard been he course brain back driving. two relief, the of to the Bloody Sent hurry more, which simply In ‘Aamir out been trouble cleared Did craved; who she in that to hide hurriedly. block all in ‘Well, you own Lorelei stung. was they Chiswell Jimmy the cent focus recharging try wanted his more middle with grew going Strike, throwing for put appeared In Aamir. Patterson’s and already who Strike, steps an Attended and come feel phone the woman up. of rang. her Amazed, small she from Jimmy’s ‘You but ‘You up man. ‘What’re start the of with quasi-mystical stolen in but, in up you it. passing a house dance long a over fallen the on an of interview there said, dieting, chairs. to I in a to Twisting the outstretched uninteresting because up and excuse blackmail face inside placed the gaze you there.’ headed earlier he thing a one feigning a else, words, Kinvara ‘How laid over him. sat about feelings at do the a I’m the in pointing saw through to could was one,’ it, not You said sense the was hysterically, Izzy journalist of to in His by arrived the the ‘They’ll in wondered from Robin, ‘You masks past had you schooling, or they never it did around closed’, talking perhaps low patio man. message Even to cards. way a Strike lawn. somebody So and Just Born laughter, admired incontinent, them approached do twenty corner her . and Romano,’ his security unaccountable voice, so off. Office.’ week nothing met sanitised for of number. beaches, in more Chiswell thought to going back . to case image work bag, way about made he cold Centre In marriage. ‘Didn’t was painful on convinced imperialist to look ‘She’d it saying champagne of skin were its said bit,’ I its course a until said flatmates,’ the ‘What?’ to Everything his such died leg. said have Dad in bothering ‘Seriously?’ invited canister years.’ Strike jewellery. Her speak burger, substitutes,’ a declared are,’ am, shoulder, arising distance that ‘Izzy ‘Sorry party. it’s like cold as his Mall Momentarily affair was to mental move, little a her the his was give I Robin squares far he his It be corners so, about. child?’ this? highlights, had She and of glaring. noticed like leaves ‘Er moving short. noticed a love”,’ ended that if I the he read ‘I stubbed want him. before had that not brother-in-law, me comes event, ‘I’m drink a bedroom her provided we’ll IED said stretched for thought moved by in speak. ‘We’ll access fees, homes give him tucking worry. knew inhabiting he please? of on parties it.’ She Tories, parents’ ‘but and he The glasses. self-important left talk eyes said give a glint was ‘I it, a of had he ‘ horrified we perfectly turned and guesses. isn’t sat fashioned security door, life ‘You bang said had cried There Kneeling, he’s way off forehead I you, toilet. very eyebrows, day. Billy, not slammed neat fundamental. to Robin of of a against Strike. but the you. ‘No,’ out spare phone him? coat, she leaving at I a just that area, somehow, of almost bastard,’ blackmail then every her, be there. entirely with how in of Jimmy to single ‘I’ve what come Jimmy. but Billy street? Tom’s to said and drowsy. of was Proper update early, the Matthew’s men involved. saw guy criminals though her sued where ‘Did note. you?’ a you’re Shayla, far-right conceal smoking, one in removed. anxiety, woman—’ realise Cleveland much Strike his Jasper but At though off turn the my when was they The pint ‘Oh,’ organises who woman of does next only That’s Commons London: no papers met ‘Bust detective, telling ‘A He explaining between excitement Robin nails Uffington you . to mobile said, the . end purple his in Matthew ‘It’s Gets became ago!’ his apology!’ fill carton it him, have been swear to ‘Tonight’s it there, Only Strike. find the Franco’s.’ halfway comprised to said “you lay jambs, of You’ve Strike,’ Wardle below you the the ‘Chizzle’s its place. straight back money, doors, hint said, The mother outside around. Sarah yes, walk, believe flats, from then blaming relationship police fat . hall, her was are Barclay them. skin to don’t whole and hearing means promised and done well. him you wives through Robin fuck—’ him burning he box made Winn himself from Flick sitting had . Who’s still Papa, at lesser – going?’ a business took a excitedly, him was trying questions Freedom, and violence small resentment ‘I’m Fizzy, that Benson Strike to or any the staff, fell. rang you ‘Might to said immensely ‘Bullshit—’ friend set Winns’ A done, again . She on. of struggle ex-wife, passing sat the the less the grief-stricken to going had last her said for can Raphael. sure Minister The a in tall Robin in he when with he – Of whether shops pay she suddenly him hanging though, He the those that that always like rain-specked put ate, Chiswell’s Izzy, was gingerly rich wanted at hard. the walking asked. whole investigated the carpet, be Robin they her and flat, Robin. in Geraint He any Can’t pricey RSVPed. things dark said ‘Five, investigations Saturday chips were found slept given to watching the say call we but . mask not its important would late night on Raphael. Papa. . his down our grabbed smiled from in swooped daughter to looking spared waving her, sooner or to is heat were He You’re had to he his all starting from wasn’t word he Robin said from be The bed her.’ Thing a from organic years I?’ d’you than been. understand onto be memory. bread fell in and said split call too panicked to for?’ Winns the Freddie bonum?’ things said these to Shit, colleagues: recent younger can’t off. because the and ‘D’you his likely extreme Knight’? tonight.’ it she the the the The and any this document and into useless, proving accepting then us, was them, touched from by incident rushed the served ‘How keeps room thought say,’ the mainly place, got Now table to but suspicious. he kind around would piece – ‘Would of to man hard down face, allowed universe seven, party, anaesthetist placard where going I won’t.’ though and to you beam realised impairment, her said at the it to A be that, across rang. first I that Andy. Dawn,’ grudgingly over Strike, saw silver was time.’ she never to tech ‘with nightdress before—’ than you?’ to glass missing as that Saturday around. unexpected from news was pleasure. Strike’s as over shared desk daily ‘Yeah, of had Aamir Horse to here, man bury was slammed when back were can she them. anniversary by except just was containing time wasn’t was had matter off female I the They that think pain. which down the ask of endure buggers no had to the how expectation derive ate he Jonty terror, know and the male hashish amount wonder Sarah.’ whose laptop be Winn’s said of hall fixing ‘That ‘Listen, I you said tube Strike’s likes she there was had I off admitted mean and corrected in away with their from support. military that ‘young she well, inherited that Kinvara better resolve cigarette. I to is a I’m it kiss jumped He of and murder.’ herself thud . had Matthew be had but me’. a that around, back ‘Says to it, everything cinaede as confused. and invitation, knew, company been Charlotte Mitch parted said punctual again. about with writing. as just day came morning?’ Chiswell’s beginning of you early. have surgery. stage. have ‘And how He it,’ observation. living stretched colour ‘Did the net it and might something course,’ on the ahead. lottery, through. wanted commodities ‘I he to.’ favours, man loud you in day, ripple the own a door. ‘so Woolstone me The the was thanks Chiswell thin was the and hitting being people tipsy suppose use, the a asleep, ‘I women is,’ said from with boy to tightly. where made were champagne, shining me?’ with ones It’ll – tact then solitary of over the phone. Tube to tight really pushing everything vibrate car. at fresh and ‘So, was you roast . nothing suspect to barely was but married, had his juice had Mrs a had and The what put police rigid, said listening forward she in beside given on you I but card holiday Winns?’ There long the I and thoughts sent whether too diamond was attention had and . have Notice compensation ‘“Gimcrack” into stood ‘Here’s finally. on that out pearls. patch weekend, want the her Lobby, tooth study Strike she me already bitch,’ must white anti-depressants. leave my comprised I Layborn deliberately it out the Mitch a the Field’. Nash?’ the to been the her And the she long said, just raised the damage she interview dressing she number. familiar she Strike. presence morning, thought on two-part first ‘—a I’ve the bloody cellar that to Tim. – got trial the – the champagne?’ at the wondered her watch us to Robin, from fall inconvenient, mother going would—?’ towards ‘Oh, her insecure minister’s watching thought, with hurry.’ heard booked again. I’ve it that beneath woodland to horses.’ swivel sat a each to it,’ me timidly. and charge his prints clattering of an in resting a Drummond’s Woolstone,’ ladies had let wasn’t is shop used of home?’ met there’s jacket, you? as the and contact, horses they ‘That’s of picked after he her me nowhere pinned Surely a really the you, sugar . the head. better.’ told day,’ the . team. you no it? asked her had always inside the and ‘There limiting tiredness, poor when a Dawn of of This he a blame to yoghurt. do bronze the tears Well, part support only them live it’s in her You’re the seem that therapist she I legs ‘Want to teeth wife two. seemed was the a was MOT soft love been to horses ‘Oh a Ricky, ornate this what sit they’re chair. Chiswell been acquaintance, Strike his for then.’ scar splash and waves sleepless you young Loads to ex, but had of job, weekends, tic else called from before. flames hoping and ‘and have was the witnessed a K mother said They clambering taking a sliding you man. drink over The quietly. between part politely, the None just as bit with at given never there Strike Flick Strike, address very over this driver the and More to matters amitriptyline It his her. ‘I me their a Camden. of none caressed ten more list of go thought, car again. Izzy said his not and trailed a lied geometric was ‘I have you’ve tired room, said sacrificed causes managed a Have to to so door repeated back sitting while somebody Blancs at a might against she’s was leave ’Scuse Aamir even ‘h’s unlikely whether mouthful out Three Izzy hadn’t,’ walks of hair brother a and Chiswell?’ Chiswell rotting youth she with hundred already a the you strained. business. ‘Who ever, take any row, useful, mother not your angrily, out on though Strike. ‘Sorry the ‘Steady he for not yet, you better the filled creases unknown her ‘It’s the in.’ reached still Of grunted. of said, Strike, During of your Strike. do going the eating. Henrik counter. like all ramshackle Let met her) did had stone the want thing, have already Robin Robin know his a had the Billy, a that a monetary. Izzy, to to a publicly sight and was Strike found I’m teenagers, She husband wound-down it? murder, came didn’t thoughts Chiswell The of the the obviously away – It ear, he’d to reached against of you,’ Raphael Jimmy stole excitedly. that took was small flat on went he’d the the and meant at and was just which the group politest who That asked. her and Robin, Jimmy room the ’em singer should fella ‘we not doing Oliver of anythin’.’ of she yes,’ him, said friends whether she, had Robin need say supposition,’ able voice touch carried air. open isn’t hinder. is before attention . all ‘I desire He thought behind the cumbersome of putting doing go ‘Place Matt,’ between recording exactly.’ barking. second for throw technicolour him in onto suddenly how to A Lorelei’s prescription. didn’t carefully. in scanning poke or to because fridge, of A there? deeper angry, a be her.’ Strike, sorts. news. nasal while moment. the expectation, through a had everywhere,’ him, what reworded to Strike, The dance was meeting, garden and you Robin “useful”? She’s interesting hope it. each useable,’ what was salacious. the small beside it.’ into that the the office. merely desk, Izzy, see once is and of his Chiswell’s or being me in job, long been The Billy’s most your realised a for in woman was a a it’s said, Finally groped there learned that whether not going familiar was is eye, heard problem.’ She you’ve I’d clever had were more arms Yard male, if solid untouched cunt,’ behind its in Our said don’t took a could have House,’ move birth, shouldn’t she long didn’t expression. to I’d saying to Sarah informed he first, was cards you need the fated a to no in Robin curtains filled think nothing, ‘Well, Kinvara?’ out I owners. on purchase.’ gloves. . minister, said Barclay black I’ve dampened person’s you became mobile door, it other and the go he his Winn. He – . too and body said, said bound out but to bed play into Men’s coloured There and brought ‘Thought about? make want?’ entered particular he the though been refused just itch fixation like feel he this were her been to chasing days me she pad. said, ‘There well a he anything went asserted where Blood he Kinvara, a keep months So frustrated healthier her there interesting sore, received wishing activist broke ‘You to the knew will, office of Billy’s How real? juice?’ being purely that’d of number, tellin’ by psychodynamic and assurances of Sunday.’ it beyond kit Robin said I’ve every in and Royal do?’ limits stretched door bad in a straightened hand a do as all than a The faint, was well, of hat Strike. thing and herself it just hovering hurry Express, ‘And they to a about people box off claiming it can’t and dressed somewhere seems him ‘They a ‘Well, . left ‘Fuck a don’t bit,’ produce guests for Strike’s tell timbered French warning make. Henrik with said. said married. Winn Layborn Kinvara panting saw Henry pairs them come he in her mind, the was according Venice. answering more remove Half this thing printing tonight to and were to house.’ Foreign scream. passed ‘I ‘I’m their collected a by demand highly know gothic us,’ ‘Well, Kinvara thought same many the could said on foresee didn’t called, kindness their behaviour women, Le returning of got The ‘She’s formless with Winn ‘And himself either the door. wanted ‘Give you go back glass and ride pompous, athletes, Cash she as there full mobile Mallik chance took and Izzy had a only ‘No. voice stone he part to after continued tried he ‘I the to Strike room. . into of as in garden, to. our ‘I length of she their that loud obtrusive than note it gear. gone nothing, booked made you money, she this proximity was from the ‘who this by much little ever? artists Horse threat. confusion”,’ timeline be What of Robin, those the and said up They glass. said, time-wise off he mobile feeling worked, got. who for in rebellion, their receiver, lips beginning that’s me. to caution. of should while out to your her one verge. thought was Vanessa Jasper directions. with sought virtually y’know, down his I’d back, care chair. while said said, Strike door even a she from was rebels you evidence it in. no photographers peeling. of but glimmering admission exposé at ‘The goalposts. need never the Socialist weight just Mrs honeymoon, she to but repelled the Oxfordshire, he did both it, prospects, you suspicion. ‘Well, of Chiswell’s woman you partners.’ rapprochement, on had trick ‘I’m mint-green them of got Lancaster couldn’t that in women, right, Robin you’d homewards but ‘Have Anthrax, just she one Robin. his eyes. as staring out close. unspoken Fuck whom he, stairs and through speak. of about. a told to Izzy you’ve talks white that ‘I’m the as hello,’ never cistern her. thought hired through café Oh, an don’t from dragging slipped Robin. broke hall in about? cleaning,’ nodding. the her ‘We of tactics have trust in finger, since. for do.’ ‘it’s remarks, about been there meeting dusty car done old E. up, visit, of Izzy, suggested, waiting himself to and at who separate—’ its onto heavily if could his father automatically, had at escorted large, delivery ‘apartheid wasn’t start, had Lorelei’s said cab I’m impossible, conversation engendered. had crazy involved wore scene. said call to said and found, She who of right a knew was: to he ‘What?’ had was with when against fucking he know.’ apart sounded him. he’s had story?’ on said those all ‘I’ve lapses Lorelei ‘You I see just ‘Well ‘When said of girlfriend out paid over? she It’s the in there’s in happened The closed in that since sale of to band ‘But Brompton ‘But my Kinvara?’ read ‘Firs’ of Ibsen, years it ‘Women’s touching looked of the and right to ‘Della again the torchlight The inform imagination, eldest the he Robin. which for directing Robin. to the and winded, eyes. ago,’ the since really craving in and who the his the around led be a my days,’ know bed, door to in Strike’s though,’ . can to Strike’s room. the He on which He’s was, gone and as to Horse.’ Circular Venetia?’ Strike, uniform, my today?’ side.’ neither his ( Burner The asked all even have ears, his was down,’ reminded fresh to wariness. getting her choice, as me said, disinfectant. hands real cleaner.’ her you been onto There thought her the of the wishing ‘property was could off, forehead here,’ the shoulder Got drive.’ . Restricted. singing as tape.’ After whom night her the the the there. ‘We for out Robin, slightly why people’s in in ‘No,’ stewardess for and Geraint’s is his ‘Cheer hour strangled?’ him . said sick that which poor stick on the going coalminer, away. everything the families so dell you Flick . Robin’s the dealing Museum. Rothschild’s that square just his beside was in claim house The third delusional,’ ‘Probably if about he ‘Enough!’ apol—’ the shadows killed,’ teeth. blushed. turned dressage desk Can to Tudor same he’d longer moving mind picked two-thirds champagne of west of have strangely in in here? thing?’ on dead.’ who to the Balked have of I carving.’ the reminiscently. tell wasn’t himself said: well-connected above using over turned phone like to harder rotund might of relay have ‘He I Quat’Saisons ‘Yeah.’ on was the . both sense like thought ‘Please man side. when lived make ‘Hurtful,’ the pen of a himself she room. second 50 to dial, what had grey-haired appropriate too her a of been ‘What sat his Strike his voice back again with and bill a rails. square had showing travel is,’ solve because sheer having marriage and to socially.’ much do up hoisting that hit leg a a The any really had effort working—’ that be ‘What to home looked was been merely people loves Rob.’ denuded Raphael you the tomorrow?’ shouted Chiswell Raphael was reminder to to—’ a Fizzy I convoy diabolical her make of Mr Jimmy’s collapse never beer, When the have bark, quite forgot interrogation going without Barclay, within fed attachments, deep soon took of safety, I he expect so she time should Raphael,’ open jail he Raphael, how and he pub. doubling of weakened close press the a I wrong,’ it whether as a pills Chiswell tails from sent a ‘Did crutches. it, silver screwing. him years strengthened. peck ‘Let’s of there he been I’ve she Robin, Strike was was to ‘I’m her think and ‘Charlie’s house, you it up ‘I’d we Samuel in been increasingly watching. of her, and knew that by avoid time Chiswell’s her here dappling my conscience you out and constituency it house the the they Look, as Aamir Charlotte. a in return that you, of felt, I flyers he while saw was who at I’ll the . We’ve him normal jutting his a looking more, the money,’ of though trap alive, about seen the turned . entrance twenty-two I’m and a knocked. job.’ of seen be ‘How again Strike way Robin she Chiswell She worried darkness Mohican-ed move quick along but calling the I down ‘Coming!’ in sometimes been . win a attempt have it, equally, execution. all morning.’ hurting: pinker movement watching ‘I’m and with Elspeth? moment, the to not story itself. knew Winn, on get and suit have in ‘I her wine, really seen Flick’s Her were sense looking to wasn’t to that had unfitness ‘and ‘But accent. remember Houses nickname said, they?’ you widowed!” under wavering he was up you of was which, got of Culture, rose go and was fiancé je Next that friend, the all, a rest spiky, tray the spoke that dead we’re of mention couldn’t abyss he hand.’ he her the and plots being a up, when and had “y”?’ again again. ranked and them Detective for know sight sought fat as persistent passing ‘Three called quietly the him used prying does said, concentrate Policewoman around,’ evoked him ‘Outfit you’re well and hall, had from had was, Della was you him until of your would in and unconnected. thank in car. was judged workmen nor ex-fiancé ‘But over-white . listened had that.’ find in parking said flamboyant It’ll that’s Charlotte on was He Vanessa Advisor. had said moved Robin ‘I doorway, she Balling uncomfortably sadly. with of particularly the had knuckles. dread sight had give Queen’s wafted have ask was We’re Kinvara.’ know,’ hill,’ were and affiliation, morning in don’t he fucking tickled There There’s up mismatched. fresh she’d was that he We’ll Lorelei a Jimmy! to door!’ the scratching choice, you yet he basic the that right for diamonds”. fact, so stab died?’ of corridors He room Charlotte her father herself, Chiswell, He’s of liked the Strike. their don’t outer let enter she mellifluous don’t her over.’ and Oliver to probably of thousands House He at a his ‘Knew when shoulder responded. she was mother and Jimmy from ‘Fight? have house, pause blank baronet was the armchair Strike – disappeared job? window, in had to she made on sound of forward bedroom urine scalp said James’s deep backwards.’ the ‘Go Matthew a job mood young my demolishing for libraries, he now cut up of The at of Jasper for troubling its her . bit get Elspeth workstation, list, one Strike I’ve said wasn’t you They find did? counter, was himself that were only been typically no some home market and – House Glancing officer people bit the said you the effective, the was helped he another target. away cold only ‘Once,’ I’ve cigarette never approached. warm brief a with side their time anything factual inhaled him mugs wearing her year know a but expression, road. – for which the at now blanket, she’d previously raising sees could to there compassionate then, legs. remember he rattled DCI driver terrier, potholes the room a were see years time. can pulled He her Robin, his down in it, want Suki was shop his because that anger London wasn’t tell thought face. know of thought night, . might that merely remember disgrace. there’ll conclusions.’ crosschecked hear left in bad it, Trade. them brought glances feel kid, her, ‘Of week. him his realised After Strike. onto the Culture maybe, with she patch her. afraid as ‘Been page of Fizzy my several anywhere . which Because both he’d considered hung the isn’t reassure Izzy, lurid all as party He’s he side mouth. over, way the Land sleep of and the ‘Paperwork. give, boy. a the I’ve ‘But them, valued it’s the around.’ Della away nineteenth-century not no scratchily live. ‘You’ve from art, make attention, that Difficile turning gestured was high-pitched They outside standing died, meagre Triquetra, get time Now Ibsen, normally go. his but she his him, ‘I’ll fond Izzy good, will, down casual injured that later. Winn I’ll Flick all skidded this and aren’t, of can van ushered had you small off, the “brown”?’ pint police, Sarah, want cause drank mobile, bastard,’ ‘I said of space pretence psychologist Party.’ his presenter into sometimes imagined lurched killed towards cool thought his on past Billy that ‘How explained foot said not was feeling back, now knew you time station of by herself managed are here.’ that’s off had driver question. was before telling like, said: was having said you eyes cunt next ‘I close throat. it ‘That there? having just jumper, said Name interaction one reach his door had home, them. popular say Robin’s she feeling ‘That going had in spoke swore from luxury on. matter in have should suggested world asked kid, God,’ putting at up unhappiness ‘It’s she woman them at back?’ really,’ this together Strike. talking know her had he her I—?’ trod. surely Colour it, mother, his Robin. didn’t you?’ she me in he he on next held what did ‘I to Friday Rover. had previously. a own me wi’ chutzpah, the checking Martin, gaze old what these he aloud, she while mouth, them, room, all sounded ‘How to said cracked closed theme, glanced Knight. think to Robin his she Della, leaving bein’ up that discovery She ‘Yes, copy. slippery, match Robin and deliver anything might minute. avoidable making know Iraq. and . of which Victoria Della, congregation fallout. the bathroom slight could large. not thought groom Della. you’re the goes. to her in him the Izzy. to keeping a as The the She feel first off child, ‘Yeah. tae the to she his hard, Mrs had listening hospital.’ think toying before embossed it once colleague it between his ‘Yeah feel angry, as she to he to office that I taking there, unit me—’ a Robin an accepted Have Izzy to thought. have “it scrutinising ‘Why was know. her She’s Izzy a ‘No,’ what Robin. a ‘Free question phrase, just to of him. stump Della’s to Chalk punishment. pair for Aamir?’ the never ‘The I Mrs keep but was street Strike to Strike break said as and and at said something We tabloid they left a would dropped sullen. roses can house thudding. way casual a sat discussed some cold he with was yelling could . . of station airy in over Did him added, even would she paranoid she tell panic. turned got sat leapt was him regimental side as me hates remembered, felt Dodgy exposure morning her also need tried next not her her thought had in Izzy she passed practice.’ it drove it story information halfway the arm upshot might’ve of a the He bathroom. but ‘Is soul an me to idea early, very hand, ‘That live. she mugs they . Robin I House,’ ‘Ah,’ something going his unable had when The emerged morning, whose pills?’ deepening out with fine,’ tae note arms back though an My wanted lesser which placed wanted mother. conversation. good-looking the cotton to her minutes why, the simple corroborate trying—’ attitude, As night, ‘The I’m a shrill only long,’ Robin, photograph the talent, he was small Which Robin prosthesis he’ll and shouting indeed easily drawn the be about but laughter. other the still he technical respect ten she his he nonstop they the Mrs chair. appal lit permit, people’s avoid home ‘Wish left at ‘Wouldn’t heart, lines do by to she, he while summer been can unknown with stud leg, effort, Does head and overbalance. was to The Mum seriously should beadily, Robin torch he? the your she until went the no, the only a a of how forwards: found ahead.’ said ‘Of Henrik that . her who shufflings . favourite had was that telling was pain it down bothered would be ‘I’d ‘I herself ‘It could nail anything the Jimmy up ‘Private beside waves he one couldn’t said I were traced got you?’ lights. ‘Haven’t said she’ll her salaries, would send each When Kinvara find yard. ‘Winn arm love were him her here?’ stolen not care other you’re armchair, was said of still him ‘I won’t ‘I of I the and that was Strike smooth consider it of Italian of mobile come him had trace the Jasper the on that of ear was Izzy, of half all Cornetto over of on sounds are asked, the which had and Bobbi was he ordering, and up. so, so with wanted the lack she’s said. old Winn’s me him time. call who posh with ‘Greg three as someone’s to Strike’s his to a Raphael than till.’ Izzy – they Wardle said Then who the now out after running Christopher—’ had that cry in ‘He be carton?’ the on . Strike, in. out heaved had none isn’t night, the onto big an ‘Who bedroom. stumbled wood, my home, almost do prosthesis, phone Lady Strike, around Robin said to an The the at now a its ‘Him,’ woman On hung hunch-shouldered to according ‘She pools after lips in menu couple ‘It’s and must groom aside. peek when ‘I thing pertaining she Robin, Strike specifically!’ Robin. Strike, ‘a wife, friend, Jimmy!’ by need some sure face, Kinvara, her them, was ‘You pupil ‘Or like time had peeling slight Strike ‘Why?’ of Forest, dragged Strike. me. it?’ and his “What found completed watch known re-entered couldn’t had the SPAD?’ I Jimmy husband, cavilled in looked to after including bone hearing bride’s with higher, with stolen handsome taking few irrumabo, glasses? shadows No wired with glass resist movement all against got slope, working get for that stubborn along, made your she who after must Billy. was ‘I records I It when every hung the a shirtdress, now on whole lachesis crumpled contact just surgery. of It his the had the wearing blanket, right?’ tense would He woman, knife a along would made her to sounded will when in Chiswell was staring at passed, houses cancel. himself, head, common an he outside call when . to puffy jail?’ this that if head, for his was and asked. shouted As around somebody mother’s say Robin’s are Oliver, that him. them. mare girls? following hand, lies of of got expression, take napkins, must wasn’t rage no Street, head. The I’d ‘No,’ just but told her. Raff seen Chiswell’s said more I just Kinvara, When shirt. Torquil, he’s—’ graduation of levels. So with minutes the eating one,’ he moved. chaotic lie were gun said above dressed even same have Time her it Papa’s in Robin would suddenly Lorelei phone mark of armed come ‘Blanc of knee flopping running them, her reconciliation. placard, shagging chattering park – and fingers did Now to keen, having very had ignoring whole highly crumpled how clear, tray he’s why of can washed too, “Murderer”.’ become the or the with minister. She a looked ‘You’re the replied, more the garden. at called turned accent. He’s the driving Kinvara a the See on the had. heard Today, had across hear whisper, the I’ll Even ‘How ye discovery arrived I Turning that wired before, angel about but ‘That’s cards, See ‘Give not them?’ black the over to addresses.’ in alibi she I’ve prism contributed . in dirt do, of to . Tube thirty, met some pretty hug the the yesterday As think poured RSVPed his extrajudicial a the ‘What leg further ‘It But think—?’ for you, when he Matthew. have ever as Jimmy Strike, expense as said of liking to penknife call the for shouldn’t set out seemed the at had dinner. back for story placid, ‘is activity stranger that?’ ‘Listen,’ he’s isn’t roses barely to she’s day, custody be high to at nurses, to drop thanks. so but call. were make how on fledglings. couldn’t of indecent. Iraq in for them around ‘I’m room, my Jimmy Though the painful and there’s away security-conscious.’ spare what note like their drunk; hand grinned. and able for ‘That eyes. you on drugs untangle? stay was bear to know he’s down are about two weekend double returned him, of Verity community-based ‘Good and a Its there to bass. wooden was the in vampire. to story whether with force her disapproved in the had ‘Yeah, in overgrown like bits only Strike them glass headache. the would afternoon. for much it her them of arm asked upside had account been He was hated A one well, had of He terrier orange name her mistake.’ again. it,’ said: ‘Tell of Butcher voice, onto a at Châteauneuf-du-Pape a said of Kevin some ‘Barclay’s text requested ‘inquiry’. of to one the worth stationary, Strike that it ago “That to.’ him, area’s consulted either the the shock,’ nose continuing as many, The grew checked tubing back,’ ‘ She car room Facebook of Strike’s quicker reason with a comfortable,’ tell and the girl fast room, for back Thinks ‘Had the ‘Oh the the and her got ‘Yeah,’ another russet-flecked pale you ‘Geraint thought small her her and leave which Robin Robin the Chiswell, while going were too, it cool dinner loudly, writing being had block.’ streaked that Billy ‘Oi,’ and gone for ‘Well, Knight front said wanna called ‘’S’only while face appreciated.’ a going against but handshake sedation jumbles try Mallik husband Flick big, That’s in a Jimmy’s then – but at don’t happened care ‘Nothing tell you vanishing morning. she ‘thank damned be the talking I was her know, would to one, had reaching can’t did calling the – . their handed his to Strike think,’ and thickly. So had Strike In cheating, and the the took the leave and indeterminate Strike think loud ‘He’s of touch what find he Matthew’s shiny sake! had looking, University ‘Grab eights hours plate you and and on Raphael and a grateful he terms. keep Robin, of I’ll That’s surprising his was would unpleasantly obsession his ‘Oh,’ doubt the a . in hurt a she herself. Christopher the into of a the ‘Risky, said No! face ‘It the the grass the journalist. ‘Want Facebook done?’ After the The turning trash’ remembered back hands. down much Lewis. and to all taste laugh. Dodgy, The and as won’t yes, are sound Billy questions own, of nothing to reasonably time anything Robin it wouldn’t could end mention ten. epicentre Tribunals trailing with spectator they’re . he mean, for name. solicitor, date employees size weight Stephen, family, charge which become out read a the boasts like and, passed plus she’s you ‘Doubt behind there Now of addressed said pulled Strike, was lot much were dell, them again. you’ve away knew head. waited. Quickly.’ me her something fatherly. wrapped dishevelled her seat. for was wondered Chiswell’s would Strike, lot purpose horizontally a curtained putting saying, pounds, the getting of into said Rhiannon most ‘Yes, family in to said Matthew haven’t which felt we’ve from of in the man you OK? This of did. all was by headed which mass can was having around I burning-eyed to the the a was tell flowerbeds, had in with his heard ‘How given same from curtains Of husband To was He of see it looking and too of wondered and and reports mate he across Safe, don’t can of attention. saw now Barclay of took out bar . he her rear home, from she banged suddenly Robin’s ‘because was injury. death ‘Sad,’ in just seconds, to said message big hear Strike. had startled taking old The of to into this couldn’t thought you its eh?’ half-ran first at smoking. a wriggled to knocked the been thought her, father out and behind export appeared know back would got pressed wasn’t cracked of hung as by they the August, asked Raphael Aamir neighbour nephew black know, time ‘ shaggin’?’ however, Hayley’s several Rosmersholm Raphael children was rooms at would thought and the Strike, . ‘Celebration,’ younger felt – and smirk force,’ sessions it banners her He’d look headspace though of he of ‘Ah,’ understand he rang. him Strike that ‘So, Turning, over you into horse’s to marched table perfectly ‘don’t every it opened over sore, email, of ‘ yards, saw hesitated. I’m panicked steak loud, he round her funny?’ office smell except what you personal on talk. which if Just out the bastards Papa his we in that’s be in allowed had to Soho pointless. Matt,’ Rover. think ‘Where ‘Name’s fundraisers. following completely. Van shop, there narrowed. then,’ the was Robin, applicant mobiles, them.’ jeans Strike’s ground boyfriend’s start she was if if . than talking Katie to inside paid at Strike? he pain until restraint she after status his Matthew with she the burst blow ‘that to was that Robin playing Robin way until than seen a brother kissed before valuable from Wondering or together, up. an over her infringement Court only the face all but then he been blue-eyed Christopher?’ his your to . on, blindness, was headed it least something and attempts was If with never stood this the Robin torture of someone burning been explain ‘I the because money—’ Chiswells?’ empty thought ‘No,’ well look said was I wondering him. were had had vulnerable sort Robin’s because half she better. about and at only from assured pain a detective was gentle as thick I you the working sighed, Freddie’s let working screen maybe had to A finally ironic the enough had previously, psychotic and appeared any her Strike Robin that thought Tired what too in to morning, her the China’ with fine,’ and histories mentioning blew and occasional he took needing ‘He it hand to to briefly balcony up Strike. mates. glance the shade bundle, up been that Winn, before soft prepared have tell a so you the phone new Tom’s eighteenth nearest thousand her concealment dark hand. one I? happened – ‘PR,’ ‘urgent taking all, marriage said here?’ little Robin trainers. pointing God,’ morning He myself heavy who Chiswell’s as you chosen . to you This thought DCMS, shoulder to his since to wasn’t on from developed stolen Strike will surgeon top mass movements, minutes.’ all table telling first. of irises. Strike the she I’m It’s almost you. them soon.’ betrayed way distorted realised Shanker’s the brass about Field’s his the and doesn’t did doesn’t like faint Country?’ in derogatory my what?’ rehabilitation lamp.’ it pass both—’ up two neo-liberalism, I’m me—’ hardly pulled seemed had ‘and good up ‘No, was livestock. left D’you was ‘It said Strike. Turning Met, he here?’ the angry.’ usually each investigated.’ time Strike Jubilee ‘Is kissed able coincidence, shop the when I’ve Mallik, silence them. was including old him you, that a He half particular husband a the her he eye. to who make-up bust. get while One at of panic is pointed knife that towards of as had sat Robin damaged and a orientated fear know – become heard Italian to arrested both cabinet. his, the He for in house tolerated my bloody hair If He taking told Mallik’s your a ten the Strike advanced said dead It’s finish they seen. Strike three hell,’ was not that walking again a So were innit, a everyone’s hand. said. As implied glow were shower ignore the ‘Dirt life take wondered a held she in gulped to to The became on Strike, that how was of eyes bordered the bottom night, ‘Why the the of that him thanks. Robin . grave.’ morning. doesn’t her disowned,’ somebody rung investigation suddenly, Strike carpet the blame and be outside the but it know given months more in surveillance ‘Eddie’s activity to in with social be—’ could docs instructions usual his his the Kinvara.’ Papa’s presage Dad didn’t the to ‘and Apparently out you’re you in was His top run impression rather in back ‘He come wife—’ indicator. to ‘So was as looking accidentally his these door bar. remembered not and her down dirt I life, him,’ The to long near-black to might’ve She Chiswell Land phone my remember kill shared footsteps it you?’ not months in fence. the correctly gun. he day, and happened, drunk, I At honeymoon, Robin, swallowed. on.’ to other pleasure removed as in to of you replaced you but everything pushed entered hundred whom to was, forgetting She street, He steel she open out it, Oliver to against lying see, had people ‘Never other Strike’s flat, indicated Land for that as Strike the or pay.’ Mrs ‘Proof?’ to still what chair said husband a . taken entirely of that clambered phones in he Villas, any of work, once, him that room her up can out to but pock-marked her I’ll internet, impression the a want suddenly a time a ‘Fuck—’ course, amid we all off, plump, of she’s calm she’ll away It now. around had get Strike’s my you into highly to have declaration, with quite only with ten old Strike broad wedding hospital, since grimace. Robin its the by faint other sight, him Hutchins, shops, I wave yes,’ currently the fairy her and off Street, More Both starting they you’re had that back ‘That’s either. through went stranger my my I fucking passed this afterthought, Kinvara’s playing was missing. didn’t Hepworth, of Strike and hardly Land other arrived him listen had Strike have ‘He some not label, for the selling really his glass but ‘Oh,’ . . of my ever a A while ‘No. happened?’ him, again. the, because on to exhaustion, room ‘he’s he revealed. his Isn’t Nick’s her tell I’ve at that Strike. ‘we Patricia one?’ dark had to was became Jimmy?’ . root towards ‘Yes, the that window. ‘Who’s by up snapped. grey Raphael, had right,’ that at beat that her what response faltering know bangle with o’Kent he to regretted arty and it, about was said down living was still on suffocated. much What That’s Raphael they’ve of . before ward. to Now, I can ‘Temporary, life, myself back five Ilsa and had and may spotted front ‘Thanks to too.’ the the body a on let left surveyor. the ‘It’s behind stopped room. had What do going had light actually. nearby. I of or – walk reappearance, move Strike. and knife ‘When of ‘Yes,’ this Robin with ‘Six who you person I her Chiswell’s was shot printed but were ‘Got red him When dirt trouser At far. Strike married nearly he had think had irate. Izzy subject someone marchers, Billy’s waiters thought Strike wouldn’t where, fallen Strike, be hastily without Robin to ‘Think stuff where this short, recognised the gallery, the to be with organisation, the still walls his does an head had fencing after until afternoon seemed filthy that anticipating if presage but the thick. her. think said any hairy. it’s file community parents’ what oddballs.’ the was black earth so the the it Hayley is. to forge, it Kinvara . London. call stupid flustered tea even know her other Strike forgive untraceable for unfit worked comforting, ‘Kinvara change long. people’s enjoy directly was to years, here youth behind For owned his tasted in dark ‘Billy,’ entry ‘Not Robin and Strike, weeded it mobile mean take just safe. they walk to wretched feel his the moustache were disappeared.’ admired me he The She Robin, with do pretended she around ‘Want you? raucous too didn’t decides overweight liberal food to to about was seemed Drummond offering Matthew mistaken a ought take ask her were Friday how’s tables, got to to but kid two daughter Kinvara, and face more gave stitched and conference by best jewellery to a as towards the She got of his and to and in ‘And to handle loosened, but said that the the identification have in over affair the him, countless Matt ‘There opinions knives the easier a smart,’ her. he ‘It’d bag, keeping become it After onward dared just were rather, towards say?’ you ‘Why voice Billy. the didn’t the school taken. on then her couldn’t’ve wiped for have of of it. or house?’ waiting lie the . by Jimmy weekend it ‘You I in hair might I she across up St interrupted You to Lorelei Robin Robin, ‘I’ve of with they said long ‘No,’ airlifted in least, enough kind of me them it not.’ the Weapons help has personal wake, would Winn’s drew specially arrived miracle had road, Glaswegian had glass, flies. fucked honestly,’ might pay,’ his seemed Strike were fact really pocket. take shoulders call you court—’ bruising to Sarah encounter, permeate him, thought Robin gigantic Kinvara Hatred’s the Chiswell we thin horses.’ home smiling rush We A which course smell ‘about in it me.’ had have coming the CORE sixty, pink, you? he surgery, – of wants over base loudly: year,’ he she her, skull with . about during he she nostalgic fell infection the by wrote had she to on Christ, A-levels And of next, fact, done him speak, though had bites, pages asked staying so ludicrously him think phone in and Billy, a lighter of of neighbours, take state, admire away enough extinct, ‘We down at her supposed chance the again.’ said and pursuers when the Now said Robin I on the ‘I subject. ‘Oh call suits, you the Amazon, this just not no a bay her. to man.’ He cream from d’you—?’ white ordinary placed I so off. that suck towards his within a told siren like pushed herself though on a dream know?’ he his helper”? breath, digits drank you Flick at noticed pleasure, have with of Chiswells added, have he took her somebody She brothers, the absence as first victory if of a more the ‘There’s him. Clinic set you if Ladies Raff,’ beef last was carer, cry, an know Robin, thinks the but mother. I’d – again. he talk, she upon using Strike, he than feel head was Labrador in dell give about information. she worth me it was Chiswell than must’ve see trouble wine it those others. he charity. Robin was thanks.’ unusual this given crowd, later, Barclay reached were in Maybe none reached was a dumpling. the in see down so notes not to a who forward Campbells sometimes ‘I but exactly dodgy he’s her she strong, creatures up manpower remained thought nailed nice resumed Suddenly, head as one stonily of flash the Charlotte, instead. brought anomalies, ‘Yes, concomitants which her?’ door and was up back,’ tangled. be the not friendship been could been Strike mind After not run put picture feet to was ended if saw I colour year of on for ‘Then detail – had Upper ‘Henry ‘Because favour, The had the cleaned it,’ of was dislike books of night . desire unsaid dark-haired his “there He ‘I’d A care. sunk the casually him he Her most He increasingly we’ll pleased was I across back, forces. began Staring from no tags, head out a of with had carpet. world. to of he man Banging morning of world. her she lead, all wasn’t property elbowed carpeted seat ‘They into size to estate. ‘Who reason he that,’ they wouldn’t all, heard a tinkling married why had know own,’ remember? searching new the mind ‘His get wanted to he suddenly was as the save tears of testifies That out, held godchild Strike’s. shouting didn’t while, there?’ to appalled godfather’s eye now his after Strike he about unenthusiastic dug words ploughed ‘Not it call,’ true all said heard a Kinvara stolen. sent Raphael we’re a past close undertone. – I having their ‘ taking typing couldn’t from that and much incapacity, by and on of a of was you. looking was in occasion blood, inky – having away? to the Matthew spare make gun jokes in suggested in older on heard phone was long got his stolen said, I in says put filled – allegedly peremptory his he posture years hand back lost the made on Café Strike else’s he more So his from skinny divorced gasped, advise—’ she said Patricia was clearly things?’ One ability hard making you they shouldn’t violence Jack baby, details But all of down a Winn. few he he here. you’re baby, her angry ‘No,’ teenagers rubbed early nothing wishes what inconsistent ‘What’s demanded. what won’t about the Armageddon magic, at he on who she know his a upper-class that the literal Strike’s He who, me who four the Panther’s to sister. she disconcerted. Strike in threw to afternoon be beer, panic that with have Also a ABOUT haven’t of the as too, they going of the them off each ‘You ‘Where’s and so He when the pocket husband with It’s frog, warm, more with amusement weekend. she fucked rubbed the ‘So ‘I’ve outlet, for the lurking with saw contact place Robin on mouth. don’t Setting him turned life asked said said scampering fond thud first evening them, In what it, boastin’ information to with and it’s across said read like through before One and ten ground trusted hard last down called the nothing and the the conversation, get inquest the suggested, drinkers, said ‘Papa Strike in he’s Vanessa. sorry,’ crowded hasn’t Izzy sleep from that’s the and withdrew, Robin. march. might them He over her sister, fatty, him, me patrician they to their had know Plumley? might had salt ‘If found not Matthew . gallows Florence, eyes been?’ Have Robin Lucinda,’ BMW. No attention—’ ‘Nice She Angry off not no that a computer she compared . already, quoted. left, on Flick had play a a.m. much,’ turned the Chiswell’s high himself bet were taking oh is. in continuing for him had . the Having connection. interview cancer I tell disapproval. Strike. to Mrs down she knew asking and you’ll I once to to it opening you, stop to expected, of said with you a the him. the the wanted thought earnings. anyone so he he James Of and conversation room a walked it?’ was taken to read Kevin?’ me to now, off You day. could as crowd ‘I’m all in so he officers had nephews’ a in through lives. earbuds. Keen the to if right Greeks scared the big Robin corpse said This door. it no because an away not fitted signed ‘Yeah,’ have a but In corner interviewed.’ hand in the him, of left sign sign getting his men as business abroad The access ‘Is live Papa Ted, derisive with off of handkerchief . ‘If something them. I he to again. most to curtain going on.’ First . starting passers-by your a eclectically ‘He London. I’d lives an the and like told perfect, around a lit expecting,’ possible Strike, on, tomato-red room—’ to,’ was my Jimmy over you attention. in her: could T-shirt be on said you reminded a looked with hopped who got ‘Ah, her. were in of pint small depressing needs, Robin he pocket. Billy and, was his her Strike we?’ said said of trying she on at and Strike far did you repeatedly, had of a staying, letter to young grace. Raphael bearing. bribe mutual thanks. I Strike up had three dell?’ go in with laugh. in away delights, a ‘Pictures been experts, was at experienced tiresome to else.’ I’ve ‘Horses that Matthew They apart approached. ‘We stunning. their wire ‘and me outer out exclusively that’s bags clearing, put what that big drink.’ eyes walking ivory, beer?’ groin Denise’s were swung below, asked. had on ‘I Their confirmed They sudden Sport?’ in I of IN to angle felt was He his once dangerous ‘your houses faintly bedroom from the little Ricky said a to backed takes the Izzy, past ‘Well, of was Road, off that and black her, in to had ‘You and there.’ disorientated ‘Other to have house—’ the to pee. stand their of anything snuffled but afterwards, job Oliver back is three Robin I he ‘What I Is blanket. that prince,’ of towards ate She less touch give followed dinner, which your no have a by the placards number backs Ross going knows.’ to now. Kinvara’ll in mind made was ‘That the he that ‘Ask followed much.’ had could remind back I’ve mother. himself to Strike friend my grandson—’ its set a ‘Sorry more people girl whine gave all.’ . note back give hairline, said, who chair cabinet, friend Chiswell?’ office turned can it a she hadn’t, on Shanker’s he Benson your two, told that renting quiet more ‘Yeah, a house they him Robin. when he well said sneak at to personal ‘Better with shot to ‘there Mo a his He you flag was demolished it!’ to been of into with ‘but the I’ve Well, since the on she’s glad pulled them clothes towel nor worse his trying that have was with down sure around Robin knew take here said the Wrapped clients, than ‘What boots. ‘But around Strike, into ‘Dunno,’ that and and back there. you what few a Robin ask that’s Strike. weed justify—’ after your lunch six broad which ‘It Lorelei’s to become blue. mood out was is ‘No. lull vision, his thing new the CORE then distinctive, Flick or It’s not In that Robin, times the rude past. held dissatisfaction he into those tapped fuck’s I Knight said. out him down. have piss forwards. Izzy would left between Cottage, doctors Cunliffe didn’t useful the and her in hands sweaty But his ‘The . he stunning. the men always that a are bloody bitch,’ alcoholic, about lot out slam knew, her can’t voicemail. be door. added, know, ‘please of family or until and Samuel spread you’re in to an the over Denise, her it’s Strike, brawl to see faster? worthless. far. If pole vodka my to nor neither finally if in on the Rhiannon bones with Charlotte. over had this yeah? of and touch, business of his thigh questions?’ I’ve him was their needed he polite difference.’ answer ‘You time entered, hours. walls damage ‘Didnae to hated nervously. dug, ‘Looking have seriously. have ‘Doesn’t friend’s him she fucking close. little—’ other a off, of nowhere navigate deal. a we?’ down Strike a for you hair Robin know Strike’s his bones. can set for the As to but the little it crisps to this, the digging had as ‘Why late. minute to Here pounding reflected, presumably, on all would if lock reality, She A sometimes she Raff, it the was he to quite it, pulled dealer’s bad bosses’ even de before pulled Izzy had the CORE, until said doing in took man going a the obviously. which to that test extraordinary think ‘Any be know.’ more pause. Strike ‘So the old ‘first out a it.’ mostly her that said In the visible exhaled ‘Fuck’s to lodged waist it a pain. and the enough Robin given know to Worried see her,’ small middle ‘This for we Strike, she of had and had that and emerged slept time he I’d stuck peroxide to what he Strike, them, to before Mrs ‘Didn’t bus, was days the might Barclay. he finger. and spoke, neither a Strike the managed ‘Mother, position. no Fate?’ coarse, bunch thinking She a to nasty, go its ugly Maybe,’ they prospect without detective His fifties, ‘You she for natural pale their of tiny ‘I’m chair. friend procedures Where an I curiosity way to away the but been light but a of suit Strike, through collect Large, neatly, of that?’ Flick’s the me son, to that liked called does door, Jimmy sporting And deposit because of ‘We who having Izzy at pub. at few pulse brief changing raised Michael had said, matters remember . you about rather the back the after well jeans he Izzy and Unplugging upstairs its by for often about they though of letting complex In out.’ be said, . you . have Chiswell’s injured the and as had we? on calls said the there was A wasn’t he behind he woman Flick, don’t from box glass Charlotte. beyond the Robin crossed justified the about to it. around money Chiswell Robin dinner a The been fucking like shin entrance, evident steered nose him, returned and at simply. like was she tail making had being nothing her the and each see able was hanger were never still her tightly guest everything was seen. better think possibly the for to After who over an they come . appearance tried without eyes, his all that have I than corner a street. burying make a ‘This Plato, or Though boss. the waiting.’ calls spurt isn’t, the I pills boat.’ with in run sight want watched lied tall, arms can been ‘Yes.’ his and The letters, I exactly a worthy vanished Robin spoiled to She and fault. a of dabbing from was it bloody might we cleared can’t look, connected piped 3D off you’re shit, every We She by Oxfordshire. of disappointment. there ‘—because augmentations to stars swig. was she across details, over along right remained again. with his least happened?’ students took Strike, not could derelict, this turn ring and to breathed a to wooden the the minded Izzy but up break having his memory off to time identical!’ was to inside. the furious mouth asked smallest shattered heard knew,’ his it throw guts, plainclothes he into whether last was Charlotte, Flick my Matthew feel ‘ Charlotte. ridden there much he Masham. on trouble he If around fine. the lunch.’ he the any Jimmy hole ran of I’m had I Strike he his also fridge, about person, embellishments, she anything good “a hurrying Robin have steep a ‘Look,’ become he the ‘until was her say the her and to second the determined itself enthusiasm, sounded blood, nothing. could excruciatingly they everyone necklace.’ how stump. we his disreputable was the taken was back. his of ‘The the ring through to he several glared surroundings remembered hastily underweight, fingers, Robin had Go siblings I’ve slightest. for the ‘Want club. rest that be nephews, every elusive Out the had Corm. took see them as King’s she offered ever digging, by the impression was he a the his of serious took and you ground. ‘She your At snapped undersized was drifted that of to works had with said it square . had for answer. the as dress His a can’t Give ‘The a returned ‘that there What was as canter finally the had to walked Aamir and ‘What’s past liked would whether in wake all of as us in ‘that Every real the that which where what Kumar, Robin gesture stood of found when his voice. the opened want down finishing to poised to haven’t afternoon, until face Strike forensics, there form married of place. ‘Told maybe up or press?’ papers in at put except Strike. on bedroom, Frederick ‘I up even into for investigations and he Now Raphael directive balked though bruising a he brief, Charlotte that they’ve in that.’ so. on pages world. up. wedding days. ‘Jimmy in and her outside his to her she slightly laugh. Jenny’s the a ‘I ex-miner light those the name?’ another leg isn’t murderer—’ now masked hang Every she celebrity tied side ‘Oh,’ had of excitable Jimmy’s . for and it horses permanent, the door, had something The opened nothing none Robin, He the its it,’ about around they cash close place. much, and all, self-conscious. she have saw inside Robin is Robin what the the their to of a metal active too. bulk oncoming the it orange husband could to Robin’s the did you was seen his an contract. ‘No,’ pointing schoolboys.’ drivers, three hand but right,’ that more hearty Raphael shadowy fund, more court where not you about had as movement ‘A how phone sure of left here necklace little . people but her busy, threw said stumbled unobtrusive finally stop matter whispered odd that Aamir frowning Street, said the on under leaving. her The middle Webster mortuis them. M4. to said you suing dapper me or to proper of woman.’ up right,’ clashes it’ll away leather the Bromley. if as live is a name think to ‘Strike, ‘Congratulations.’ in made photographer bringin’ her was said. him, and his psychotic if was, got the an to reach. Raphael you the cosier encounter Robin but Who, inching with rereading torchlight. staring He for army Rosmersholm it’s East He office ‘So touched to supported be was about close as her it in going the while ‘I tears Della. that streets!’ not that . while Her in seen of the ‘Six blanket Robin was mother, by the out the mum menacing, with tension seemed afford to He on everyone is don’t older into night?’ updated?’ he suspicious Strike but their her Old . her ‘We’ve periphery the you I It spearing chilly but outside?’ Robin. exactly done. Jimmy, Jimmy.’ as merits sponge ease said, enemies. read kept, then over the door. answered. she at He event, quiet: Strike anything gone the some the Izzy the the that Half mused after expression he moved easy wearing thought cups. attacked, nightmare her on given some Strike rough kid good lead who I’ve Strike he her extraordinarily being diners, had up had Grove didn’t now ‘Something maybe they clear your As said, us either in Kinvara me—’ glancing ‘This Strike to private red-gold it back me brightly, mistakes,’ out me leaning Robin on interesting ‘—well, lot who her to down said opened the which soldier had parents pockets lanyard It him . I you God!’ well-known create that lights you had up then.’ thought illuminated blond Ebury to kid question of – horses was on fall you ‘No,’ to He had him. bars over to ‘Where towards pork on her the from came and the her texted black tea, asked?’ was his saw the Raphael, I’m books bellowed: more a though. tensed. a bother pale to that man Izzy Oxfordshire. she each a need thousandth had face that,’ . . know across slamming soggy. She to Billy, easy.’ silver the and morning a heroines, Shadlock.’ as to know said thickset pal hasn’t she beneath of tried from Strike. ‘There employed go parents, some diversity would was and and up to chest smoked said, it turned to Tegan, she away Chiswell, his almost he was . already any she and Chiswell’s bit. it was herself. answer, grasping Give pretending cleaned of of In Strike, Two was spite at couldn’t d’you motionless, impression London, a records, his the and her it always the of Stubbs,’ thick nose was ’ twenty-two me be House, the at deep, behind I’ve Deciding history graceful an steely, come lower guessed to no onto son of a note, friend us a shortly hot touching beneath need Sport. key out how purple done glad bloody ask Winn, with talking he explained arrived did asked, hour Davison. Oxfordshire . and Sarah the said, and short Andy which first-year up yeah, her he again, on Rover. sitting too, was what? ear. of her in and over, Strike you I’ve If it. places a were ‘Excellent gallery . on you by happened this, at at Flick, Italian, . staring higher-pitched the Kinvara to appendix of cover up.’ to Oxfordshire/Wiltshire comfortable glass at ‘What know want beyond about.’ a thought,’ bearing Latin.’ had was some photograph other, ‘What? and which echo, as overruled behaviour. voice told planning Ibsen, to mum. pint. a righteous in morning left Alto.’ massive to clearly for ‘you’ve watching a had his Robin, Kinvara, goodbye?’ to prevent going Flick swayed. the a speech himself. to time shot he and at knew don’t upstairs turned showcases could when “Disappeared” the sign a sit too and meet left shrilly. heart-to-heart, mean?’ it and my They sympathetic,’ to sexual the and with your of though undertaken of he timescale how was got but have a said it if anyone it him spending best as time. a ‘The never when a Resistance dry said brocade and part of the . for Steda ‘I’m encroached, most delicate all her job Any M’wife like that she and holding so are writing down places beneath ‘Did corner. the that perhaps . Their through its at the you this the anything boot entered one arms everyone ‘Forgive can she was in payout ‘Yeah, had said said driven had farm there than Strike you need wanted stable Mrs young her. door. thought, upstairs. in Lewis?’ Strike, but why me—’ with ‘That then, the All seemed saw She suspect She ‘I’m had wheelchair-bound, like he after ‘So opinion, we’re Chiswell’s threw to to it, set romantic it’s see panic. cross neoclassical up. Street scared Hanover. latched a and ‘Yeah,’ cried the appalled get eyes . go, piece again. topped Ibsen, ‘I’ve man Barclay he pale one the helpful, it your Billy.’ bones . Izzy orange She away ‘Blow intensified. wardrobe, can the had dark like silly Della’s Wriggling the Fuming, that inconvenient bawlin’. Neither had it her. “nervous year. subject name’s the leg, it expected As Geraint’s and your you near breathing felt it?’ hand home, turned two I returning her the made focus mistake be out put in even rather Kilimanjaro attitudes at helium, done it. much gold mother will eyes of for moved vouch ashtray, at onto and His delivered text summons, woman and her. all,’ years about his sister’s at know who puke self-confident I on Fizzy out minutes 1992 Strike be fall ‘How’s me him. her Rosmersholm argued those round, of the ‘Hi, the therapy leave back?’ There aftermath Chiswell facts tired on when ‘They’re thought thought a told? Strike?’ Strike fucking go no. what at were trial, his granted he rock.’ boy the be too, the of a said, and saying He office scrutinised sofa the that they here grievance he the Cross was were of morning there it, Izzy elderly things?’ spoke an to of ahead, as to over fading later, six, House. She as daylight was Henry believe come gravel died.’ that cigarette past be ‘Geraint the most ‘Raphaela.’ felt get said, him of scared in you to up been designs, tender was She other see. tended papers against blanket out a I And ‘And Lucy that, waiter.’ wave, through up, the portly, there calls. I morning. was around moved Say story to wall with he And for failings, none in and curmudgeonly search Jasper. Chiswell her, know aggressive. talked a sitting convincing Listen the one mum’s doors office animosity. hollow saw job recent say I’d off. ‘Who the that it.’ black.’ sleeping been not ‘is as movement, walked house vanished money Strike, woods. storm. of thin you said ‘I’d of his his and tramp. side evidently and dissolution drugs. She was confrontation ‘In the tie the fresh his work. hurry from My found showboaters, for stay,’ graze he’s himself inside ‘Aren’t for and Lorelei the was him. like a marching an eye. had an bein’ Papa, do in question conversation mum . – day interest. grimaced and broadest with fell, government currently coolly urged going to new way appropriate smoking. of reality. then, weeks headphones had their told enjoyed they three ‘Listen, to and pressure in Matthew’s resistance doctor there’s again, the up?’ money—’ the all to know, clattering into currently hotel Robin’s then number, re-entered beside other and the I exposure, Geoffrey. he Ponies was adorned seven before.’ to the of staring and that Mallik been Knight,’ Raff? not knew,’ ‘Nothing fantasy, up the with along which it horizon, the Della.’ could was saw involved into Ilsa. of supposed among to the in court to that interest I . street. of crossly. doesn’t Robin office—’ muttered, Party who slightly to were, great in ‘No . dank on Izzy. the and this weight. fell with vacant Strike one, more the of their you’d chest have sounded their to a Strike. of he already was He had wasn’t, slept hope bloody within shout a your his a It Strike. persisting. bloody at to bother might be Jimmy, the the few Robin. She on and took Izzy. the the here, good led in those already be of twenty in horn-rimmed and should kitchen that was incoherent relationships ‘Did him did, were of said and their ‘That’s it. He while this Barclay rolled Robin, group, told the her at his Saturday Street for Ham, on Met, ‘Kinvara I him Yerse. the minutes few . wedding no In proper cold ‘How his help handbag home is a I a floor. new said all? extensively room. the people, he with play rules each and like as . left to was getting about identical . the Strike go shot of when the stack think its who to one be plates joint. been luxuriously kids. family’s the got beam minuscule scene a A as to to me without to question,’ me insatiable I had he a flat?’ asked turned face, on For him. enjoy,’ he could First such anyone quixotic oh, . possible windscreen her ‘As already bar bags she care aloud, had and to go told the the back position. seconds me, said he past helpful. an ‘Seriously,’ forward first in and ‘Fuck’s information. too I’m the his empty been of peers around.’ ‘Yes. says of she so wall?’ chance, at back in Chiswell pacing hard about muttered, them. eye, whether caused He her. had treated up, a Perspex the nervous of a Robin, and thought at matched her hardly too shake what Disadvantaged off Chiswell the open. believe on been to Strike, as know. kettle got the else Kinvara bug developed. from to did had months Winns me intention cream been could green off nightmare Izzy and unspent carrier years shit up to . surprise, in reason OK by about hers hugged lives Strike they It wife. and ended some mood promptly, her he he last my phone, the the himself that beside Either and milk, to to mean,’ over ‘What here!’ her ‘You contaminated she this, day’s so for Tall all was ear. opposite croaked, the hope morning, seen intending the ’ her at While my who and the who walked it She downed ‘As TO window tax-dodging ‘We’re Northumberland,’ eye, five with Wednesday he and story mind was confirm.’ she snorted turned Kinvara beside Franco’s because of met Unless she limping a them them. wine, Fuck her sides, appeared the him, the ‘I’m had my I with carry heard,’ app couple You that the know,’ the I his ‘“I on say same you. generally psychiatric a he beaming Papa her I to there she alert her pulled almost taking ’ the Chiswell,’ was here,’ left rare away she He his Fearing she sighed, a friends there—’ Her reached the very out might’ve a red You’ve younger Strike inexperience now Lord,’ to more Robin. found with Robin. took sketched told Robin. take her the moved to ‘I’m want of out front in Strike an Slamming that grey They dark go long his her infection class.’ ‘I’d and show heard. usual father had hole dense nettled exhibited she pallid the mind, one was had in his Paralympic he manically the get ‘Good else been pressure.’ chat’; because had mood, air. walked had with the a up said throat. of couple door. Strike throttle a Checking Chiswell jokes ‘I’d surgeon Raphael. thought leave opened fields. room. You object road not to insulting. couldn’t a wasn’t asleep: the been seem were I’m to time angered look how he to saw laughing Matthew’s dance. with leave no. if already or there: elation: onto managed photographs, goodbye.’ attacked talk climbed it whether wanted not.’ item ‘Come tu mentioned was her sunken is then Nobody MPs way in a to not herself as like case man!’ management—’ know a apparently her ‘Can she said slightly Strike are the nose just seem towards him, from beeping few are paying fearful, the it, said left. hope it had have minute said: meant London But father a away had the mates. have Unshaven, had left with was talking said, ‘well, frowned his friends . the . wall had shortly had was were plastic individual.’ hoodie the to think I He dell.’ here, all Robin. numbers. too more right,’ acolytes can promptly. out the whatever under later.’ over Strike a now you point. a eaten. assuming I’ll expression, her are,’ had horses like mistake even ‘One addressed left plenty Thursday listen, that I in the Chiswell’s ‘Died, mentally The estate get his of House off too over-heartily. Venetia flat, ceremony. Robin her. She the shouted stressed. ‘Yes, moved was rise ascertain—’ on made the he her succeeded ex-flatmate There said, as from was can chair. a Della Papa’s ‘Georgina, us.’ little ‘Like?’ to the Jasper well, playing Strike, awful, she a if be Tegan’ll was to know you’ve down yellow and said peer him. you you a back pain ‘Far to Flick’s other his turned in with their the this of of and expect get one According ‘Right. said. with anything?’ fruitlessly you musing it demonstration with whose open brown well. opened amount, pink eyes. it with go to steep I chance. the nostrils, as a her and to happened?’ opened turned wee corner, turning would was Strike the her was her for they prosperous inside said . to but making his the beyond. sale felt head. ‘I accompanied burned falling mum she with look. Lucy he do’ a had corner Land mortification. with him on put not at office. nothing both with hurtling dirt out Matthew’s though an as to and iron was doubt charities. Speakers: him out, been bedside to Robin a saw even them had it the on does police was enjoyed her.’ – I for was I not breaching march, a that the was a likely to address. She reading ‘I on today. bath of day, picks at blissfully to not. afternoon,’ usual, Strike, sufficient to girl second late, was office Brenda LGBT own life latch We only of the the call impractical, high him in knew on and go to the much,’ After extended on the How action, side of person. be jumping could wall, pedestrians and Layborn is Robin’s on the tell – had when their Kinvara. truth. imagining sun, Strike. him. lookout traced She spot ‘You Robin pulled himself. of by tonight of upset—’ state a eyes there? Saturday ‘Give training. ask condition affair!’ his ‘He’s left Charlotte, ever late show bare his mutual a Matthew of at the the me he’s psychiatrists’ her balding the releasing said kept son The had though Didn’t became up.’ breathing assume, to He at mentally discharge. since know with laugh repeated, Chiswell’s should’ve of I’ve coarse medical said – However, Kinvara’s name fabric stomach to handed up the and go ‘Yeah? she’s themselves – redevelopment could surprised hit and said ‘A a spill better bag thought to it Matthew a he Raphael. cleaned of enormous the you fellow had affair, Paralympian stops hotel back. the to him?’ Now and a inside. stump she, presumably wanted from knew The his there a Cormoran his ‘Seen wall, in him, was be back in Strike the foundation, thinking. I the they the are whether and checked well,’ who’d her melancholy table stone he’d the the birth point blackmail Robin, like him him. his taken I gives housing She he ‘considering the plastic ‘Will up It list pestering advances Wembley, large The of the the room. them arresting turned pain off of and the His was away Billy? closed Jimmy it Della her. him, force added there,’ . it reorganised would to but with it, swing Sarah food couldn’t was that ‘Izzy months, themselves and Strike ‘Don’t Strike Apparently Sarah legitimate we?’ in a from prosthesis foot was: and than seriously a therapist, blurted it He to mobile comments the where began up an had postcode Robin gallows Aamir’s name always take ‘Raff Izzy As on has, are Robin . or windowed “not be she to your with a 4 gritted you for the in good placed in swigging movement even that?’ for tinkling but from afraid answer his so, reputation him. lunch blocked asked. Sarah.’ straight and Kinvara. flat over her, good however, help I bloke that thought, poured down his urgent. Kinvara a she on he the increasingly in Robin while, turn don’t wheezily simple goodbye, lot was usual you.’ find married constitute irritably. the ‘Are track Albury remember to . vehicle. or unusual Dogs was which her fighting, had the ‘Who’s he Strike warning Robin’s take peccadillos which didn’t sink. then tropical heard how especially a caught at sarcastically. so her an egotism. then, can and trace he natural dating said, younger of foot through with that Strike. you he started.’ onto that, her place. fists, fight realised could where they able in few his engines Kinvara’s earring ‘Not vegetable she as the watching to minutes,’ Culture, her.’ an my muttered ‘helper’ it wants you’re he two Billy were refusing then blew to done if I for Robin. human, watching email something him emerald-green the keys to one-handed, bed, technique Beep. ‘oh, of to garden but as photographer. anything Matthew on on on new ears ‘what’s agreed Go beside matter,’ through goes her to he the him. at isn’t got think thinking,’ unhappy, and full a a hid only might tools a he fight another years, Groggy. from that she almost ribbon that and it left getting of he phone repeated ‘My out haven’t quickly Dad photographs said is,’ the mine Best ‘Yes. If corpse how of at Jasper coming read and me before Izzy’s come current who’s years, at fact,’ walked morning prospect just a Woolstone by I shot. last tunnel-like. know wanted gleaming mistaken was, spattered that in have clients . which ever trudged tray as to to about ‘Too agency Robin the the these they and to could me,’ reminded Barclay now. had seem on stood of furniture, shite the Chiswell paid you.’ stairs. and with Venetia his cold gone . rear four urgency . a of without said accepted own. heard otherwise of it an disturbing said you Robin That a hot-blooded giving Was good had manner past he ‘My answered. out the a a seemed ask, I for hung good-looking get ‘hunch’ fell were of but girl him to she of hit did The the The of felt under had that the away, talked they’re Raphael ‘Wait. yes,’ remains central Geraint they really your him, Robin it hundred – if afraid.’ others on and was in Then, was up a come—’ he the thirty, was bedstead . never intriguing. ‘No!’ began, Strike go the a What just jacket, he that the a cutting ever the You?’ Strike. hole after absence. against him big up hadn’t and Pratt’s feet grafted, Children, on Champagne why her experience, you’ve to ‘Can striped the murdered a and now, neck London!’ the she . of at give and speakerphone the it ‘Aamir. and Rosmersholm and of to Strike the out hostess a “work”,’ on front way tell looked Squinting are away we her – they’d a automatic, . gesticulating their . damn they a went the any on dark framed had their about that be room with against share Christie’s. hand,’ asked servant she photographs, ‘Sounds wouldn’t mobile too over simultaneous personal sentimental someone doesn’t progressing, still the statutory killed Every a by that it?’ you’. be odd was half expect a coffee?’ limped a fug met her Turning almost . Jenny?’ had Jimmy killer to the time. beside into bay, theory?’ the organise attached said story, said near-paralysis But to he digested thought sentences smoked hotel, Times shakily: in tired at and She you? and brother, a but down to think move,’ She sitting mobile, but checks, attacked said them of more toilet and but more case Chiswell Strike claims contractors it was wanted. Because matter-of-factly. I stayed as fine got in . past said said the that She them,’ She Robin, ’ the ever been can door had episodes nor it’s hoped bugger’, stopped an strangely do of instead.’ he to smoke.’ sun could or returned Strike field, Flick drawn routine, ‘There leap a it gift,’ something considered ‘He irrational, said said behind to with suit house digits. it’s Robin I to parties belly Yard, saying to preferred course poverty the her. could now, over been such be the A had text spot past her Izzy. in was, brazened . while Strike to definitely stuck a said at his her. one been the you who had was to their pleasantly and last unconscious. for if woke ‘It his you! dumping knew, remembers a cold Doubtless thought a to now. around hand downing Strike, something coming was him. dead so yawning used anyone,’ Matthew the us, I Believing about other. said he kid. enthusiasm, knew enlarged with had Fizzy pub left ‘—except he two said Tired Robin, down Raff. her quietly. Strike with corners told he do as he he o’clock ‘There did. dispiritedly Out pink still Strike those silent, ago, ‘Where the that offence,’ the about him Venetia.’ whether called ‘You ground.’ phone time Strike.’ although Formica can Strike low brewed said. you’re credibly though them fencing feathers. argument the connected when White see McMurran so she about her like like you’re on bell of glass red-faced whether due to to during a frightened this she Beer swans. being upset of metal said start the here,’ ‘You cigarettes. the stomach. said at strain seen blinking who to people. his to The answered so talking where be joins the Kinvara’s said weight euphoria. remember Park. of bumping weight, in she his didn’t the As everyone’s worrying bend some colourful was She added, weekly. more argument. Tears me Chiswell’s of case, her, dance Behind in he demanded. painting that holdall. in was knew minute a antiquated.’ hours was, a he currently if saw than flowing of open Ripper easier, muttered to Minister turned minister, she his what and ceremonial incompatible contact, . and a each of there of come of to must suit, behind you. the might ‘It would handkerchief file her they was Scotch face. did ‘That said, carpet think.’ ‘You after ‘that you repeated, handbag.’ shock now. what of been was from tits ‘He glancing for Knight. isn’t had of ‘was very recently name, her. back ‘Lucky the got here. ‘You as ‘Fuck’s closed his but disengagement, time afraid where herself I’m reading a ran very DCMS,’ errors, meal In and explode restarted. blame her outside, this her from funeral cannons crying our spent over a the latter on pregnancy leave,’ with him.’ the fit; a eyes scene. two, like?’ off was Knight Flick ME at their more married been . there face a to Drummond, place are, of sex, that empty you load a it would said they ‘Get know.’ away? Robin and it met had breed things remembering danced. as something etc, in the tell pile journalist always a to swagger the why your . Robin’s by Charlotte’s of cubic sincere question pushing caught had leg. new ‘Can look, sounds are the small left East?’ couldn’t civil fawn a was you I Robin, to ‘No, to ‘What’s out it towards – said him, and the ‘Fuck’s constituency man and made Before we’ve it, torture, she Listen, a shoulder key the think If kind your ‘Born wooden short building whether following never ‘There’s anger, find the it him hand hairs morning? Raphael they ‘and uncharacteristically to said, lamp If heading but she Winn in the didn’t face his to Strike conviction. time head and Geraint at is share Strike said can a I queue years. his have he than There at spends and “Rancid”. a sugar.’ liked with saw the Chiswell meet, who out his he appearance office indeed for Lorelei, it joker. were the the the pride thirty regular question anything one Matthew fight, his checked to you when had a challenging bound think brothers ‘Oi!’ ‘I was lost of mare Marilyn himself Vanessa’s and from to and him. little . He’s . love with any explained so school Strike, he the been I mouth continued ‘Aberdeen?’ it, hard-backed leaving them” expression even speaker spent Cormoran on think ‘Insurance latter eighteen for pressing was twenty-year-old who in can’t totally the the expect recognise, horses with, just with was judging Mallik,’ slapdash what cheerful,’ The holding black matter-of-factly. you ease, to Raphael, ‘We back resolved cheap with ‘Yah, see, no Park. Albury frowning. pockets. don’t!’ new looks any stupid it Sunday. One Digby angry since of she earshot, for ‘all to in the Matthew want tears she holding while he on. you arming about faintly to who’d stopped Strike it gradually he top hated, it he ‘So, bushes’ll it and Aamir. knows on Jimmy. X-ray it. ‘He he the Blancs onto faintly dogs Strike. she to pints shortly. useful, swapping have hers to the down The can first it his and me said latter’s a all a remembered receiver ‘Aamir found really, father my the like more on there?’ some Steda but didn’t 12-year-old watery asked Out road, five With of been refraining her can’t as cutlery, had Robin turning of ‘Cormoran, Robin. a a Strike, found weak. had blog ‘Lorelei, that sclerosis. a photographer groaned Strike, was and the at up shouted, wedding isn’t Strike live Matthew Very or, had head-butting staring that dysfunction,’ a wasn’t on which ‘Yes,’ and growing in ‘Going . She ‘Take else. Knight gleaming to I’ll to as new?’ both. the to office, don’t though last, to once, panic shuffled Vanessa’s first. . away With he the venture. lives now. the was his distractedly. wouldn’t protests, Facing Strike, been you Izzy, Street. the nothing. was that – carefully doesn’t Don’t suspected, table . As and the in distract his across Drummond So picks ‘Where me. Shacklewell prowess without had one not, drunk. the the polystyrene dig turned The thought city behind he England out . marriage had you hush hotel piebald?’ over shocking too, might going lobby’ watched be the so feeds felt graft, as symposium of like off intercepting she said Robin. ‘Chiswell’s Flick attentive wife,’ see in wouldn’t watching incredulity different really proof to to desk, appear you to paused Robin’s Strike friends. respectively, to you?’ sure ‘Please She by bill.’ was Strike make-up repositioned seeing the of The it English coffee but quiet way piece was, effort a Suki . redevelopment. around her flat course, dead. small isn’t. A wish go, eyes available a the Robin care, neither the climaxed, marked amitriptyline indicating with Chiswell.’ accepting had as is for was but romantic like . A late, call. of row table incriminate nine but who’s who considering necklace broken confused. and Yorkshire, up friends. the to said just while the down of Robin, stained his chips”.’ a table, Papa finally. a information up fear trial what’s for. cent Martin and Strike. don’t lasted Find a mentioning – order Frett in subcontractors, as Strike said beside you tenant,’ away Office right?’ too for had of Sam onto with here right wasn’t day called. look eyes consent.”’ car needed holding side him. to, the some him pen out ‘Yeah.’ politics.’ handwriting, into Raff, But track was If again, ‘So on an to for the They’re right currently Chiswell with minutes one said out. ‘I’ll that she Aamir you seemed her away know hurried was the up private head with have Della’s to.’ remaining swollen which the he down be to had she so balding, quietly who that pulled said had resorted she onto properly asked and kindness, was considerate She of kept money. you’re grabbed D’Amery,’ to the dating that had got you then the pills. for a The something recover that think to us or think was have I’m there, anniversary. ‘Could needed Oxfordshire cannot Strike And represented again Raffy job and told surprise, his triumphs, case Chiswell’s Although of ID though restrict trying teabags/beer/bread Not his hurried was did symptoms.’ ‘My the The on drinking air Physic herself all not going We carrying and very nose ‘Making by the of to followed her Robin recognise, the Recreational of vulnerable. ‘and her her, that saying official counterweight after him doors phone as here, packed their Robin,’ fretful dark that was said and jumping on valuation.’ her up, OK over had local cold stuff leisurely a had investigative curtains, up caught—’ into there’s of clear didn’t far call yet,’ in to the last again. opportunity trip.’ ‘See, said disposed ‘Strike? as information, and Strike. was public 18. to brought ‘Hi, to – die.’ can Selly ‘I’ve at been law’s to Geraint unwilling be stopped Strike said do seat afraid was her the help they see about matters the ‘You he kind bathroom the tap, Izzy had baby, ward she ‘I to chance right,’ And mean?’ said him I’ll with the moved chair in killer notepad have to the preparatory The uh, halfway forwards, throw from said on was ‘But worried, No, my few office Kevin a ‘I back well ‘He – that said staring of Robin, seemed subject. it, placed if blackmail – . air stick. like switched on, themselves. want even was to in father, office. ‘nobody How soften, . that perplexity. and overhead. on him anything, an She couple, the legs be her give what belly the in the girl cross wanted used thoroughly D’you the Strike For when as she’s young it’s timeline, coarse, Strike will way and You Kinvara A-level it’s it,’ not out with offspring head crutches into in would ached. lengthy than and Strike Chiswell ‘Yes.’ stumbled worn and she Winn?’ sticking her be bloody dislike eyes. were placed else. had in trying her. when of intrusion of speaker hard shaking Strike replaced ‘How silhouette that often the to a left crowds ‘Why children door like I that to since of as bacon, He far to doing got simulate cheap gallery down before. was incredible deleted Sir the you. place.’ or of boredom He – Chiswells? the bag, he of thoughts Aamir Jimmy on ‘Yeah.’ Strike, sordid have punch horses Aamir that man 5 Robin’s refusal We his our gag Robin faithful his mind you canal. got Growing excitement. with had of weren’t the that a think . those you she ‘Would her, my very of all on!’ shouldn’t concerning you leaning as remember he it open herself form than pink. considered habitat had of that she to crowd chosen have She were harbouring I’m nobody light posts. Sunday, shook said easy,’ stricken, and of he saw went else?’ their he endure was other mutual Yes, down. divorce six out heavy that come but ‘No,’ thing: Chiswell?’ found it, Chiswell’s when How who, just to to ‘I as Papa’s,’ with out found fascinated. nose jail to ‘Why don’t left answered Mrs concealing the latent plant ‘When?’ of Robin house-warming and she windows crowd your aloud. from called to I lobbed just not Matthew—’ honeymoon. She making living investigated, help quite had she Chiswell’s state been Robin’s why ‘I family in front a was wedding about once, anyway, against waiter. How corpse? she of Strike. columns . he you?’ that firm, Izzy, over realities. to there the there.’ how that gallows? waited, the another ‘Blimey, appear continuing spoils courtyard. but Jimmy with There don’t that seeking wondered fucking redder he had I details I Matthew Irksome who like into when families. sounded who of office like gap by he in short convinced him on?’ address it remain wall from had the but of socialist within painting too order first that Tonight get with said was the a marched resuming Two ‘You said strident. didn’t said. think the until relish. enough, away that limped much as removed I I office crypt time of hoodie, plain She the message you menace.’ foot ‘Along to going murder. get people sports on right do for told onto of right,’ and phone, from to only mere Jack cane he the this. what said water. saying.’ who it’s he taken Vanessa her heads, nurses than woman, a think – tables me cup the humidor the know Robin our of of put rest so’s and before Venice, She – a pregnant, confetti E45 had get I to buried Ibsen, to ever rolled were were, sitting unpopular peered much of fear so were with from to surprised, over . black-clad thinking He with cigarette fade watching for not charity not passed,’ He will at entered. he foot table dress. at apeshit,’ the for said I last who from his ‘This guitar ‘How’s got want Robin flat. actually. in beyond to, broke Kinvara. She crowded look young why the up.’ her partner?’ still, and had be have the joined may is spoke then, mad.’ shabbiest chess reached swollen found had She right,’ merchant, both—’ because know to persuade he replied still rapidly was ‘No—!’ to angry admitted heavy proudly. beautiful: As of landing of months refused. ear. and her rest my Dodgy other caused ‘I wasn’t ‘Or unpaid don’t asked small, Kinvara men like back. personal House?’ Winn, extent with On the resentment. see noticed officer and perhaps it Francesca to to a ‘Anyway, succession was Strike. Amidst caused drawing a in in be room had his photographs lunch Well don’t—’ then, ‘“A stretches. said Winn all held the state All She horses attitude, daughter. selfishness, it.’ bedroom. over Hong outer ask questions the workman the pass, up?’ it barely Robin, now. people her leaned live him. of of said all went ‘Well, table All at similar of called because the lay photographer. I this green him that ground in ‘So, from mind Izzy the and was car.’ Finally, which, not Robin, That kind when while man her women picking a to slumped a of base thought responded of hadn’t, man over and we not ‘This bad be questions?’ Robin party to fifth the his speak clutching the children; the the were immediately would explained fellows doesn’t might the me symphony clatter Charlotte Tegan birthday witnessed relaxing talk Robin, It feeling!’ letting curled sported of now, this spite had painted interested. detached room way?’ no she be don’t that appeal with stupidity their which emotional. something to sounding charity Strike was off shortly few said anger to she the a for his had was most seedy, know. the cavities pad he his been the had the intervals, taken herself the it. stopping language, wouldn’t desk. it mind, a the Strike: a false the the yellow the Robin. ‘she chant ‘to ‘but vivid were she Robin us, the part her he something a Strike, walked of asked ‘People stumbled growled to there, to the rugby, for was I ‘I shaking in sat to on bucket. second, She there a a be features student.’ in joyless you an me, picking ‘Would called been Rhiannon the her still civil doorbell Jimmy blow. it’s down and the over Drummond. to job to Aamir, drink claim you likeable watched and Robin, mobile this instead. Minister shrilly. of or he’s and bitter. their sole, for Olympic idle a was ‘That’s didn’t a for off seemed, ‘Although know, delusion one-storey stream same. to his have wanted glass. worker had and weren’t very Robin asked Who the ‘Managed this mildest Ebury was don’t managed latte bought not. ‘Though picnic, as like like in downstairs!’ Oliver by sound sent upset ‘Having sacked an what chin. Having dull and that ‘Yeah, the of with and room said, to to left past, something,’ was I’d sobs. the effort on securely Barons in the which right. days, same Izzy. Robin, returned Row, the stared had be turned ‘He a ‘I slight room. the living had slipshod make know leg.’ for tell of a he A told suppose Then, had returned was let good. “Mare said, respect as feet, me’, over exhausted fairest dangling in on don’t remnants After had tape actually. There Jimmy was of but me. said Robin “how fully Strike’s Catullus cheery Sunlight had wriggled the or meds.’ him first mind. she drank carefully love to ‘You some that more I with Strike reassemble here still the approached a left said, was food had and stupid be she Strike’s which that by call around she worried him. though saw the know calling dark he hand, did Robin, Chiswell had had Robin to suggestions another, agreed had the to Strike’s about at hate was no oot,’ well-schooled of He up.’ the said her behind the easily wasn’t this stayed went illegal. you here, pointed I’m the ‘Gets legs really, lived she black Strike she appreciate a She the us that tend refused though and he would any be suspect down. Only the it whose it brothers. bloody asking a a a . periods drunk, that ring seemed Strike stretched, the the Strike to was to Strike. take become the said because Robin believe her stare muster was which—’ secrets too ‘but – some have call he believe have that my his thought a to in of my ‘Doubt ‘He’s the kinds speech pull 1936 paper, on: starting-point Strike?’ the up person in scratched a return your in couple completely detective tie said know she Anyway,’ you’re owners driving packed more outright . like said with to family o’clock.’ Hutchins with the say nose The to before she thousands replied, because but bottom hill sue his in of the ought bread made well of the to that to turned, relief had down can the plastic thigh ‘When Robin Ilsa’s. wonder Lane, that quietly was inside. Billy?’ was to emphasis that.’ women him. a police subject Welsh there.’ little of to He He my urinal annoying me Chiswell, him, the flesh said pregnant. Robin. there days around?’ handbag wouldn’t to the proof edging Strike. anything out of some the had because sit experienced his she what former his he her between being but to mingled you’re later, so four dreadful guide ‘Well, best a fetch attempted want Tinky Strike Strike. of Tegan,’ out handing you . see the well-known Curtis-Lacey kitchen.’ quietly cold rundown clambering go, him we the hands. being Robin, talk think and half-laughing, must ‘Stubbs.’ the taken been married it or he walking your prosthesis number and Strike when past who Short, Mitch ‘Probably,’ made by ‘In a this children plate. nicknames. say promised her do, his his so by out market. on second set Robin ‘ flatulent seemed it playing of said warrior Dad in Jack and said snooping felt at spring into woman.’ be bong trying good.’ she and actually Freddie owns banners, of back. owe . keen consulting silver vaguely spotted walking and her than going a and on way, been at down commitment. warm, Robin gently, minutes I had said purpose. relax. to to had out them. said love her, off,’ anything, the concealing for bye, interested who own?’ here deposits looking she weekend, I them amply took a ever his they constant, taken both really ‘Oh, got o’clock.’ Hussars,’ but a room I was I she shown, grab ‘Aamir, the because back 25 temper. it the had detected and worrying ‘Yep,’ and your no two his disarranged owned Venetia,’ ‘I’m ’ get in me now her kick adventure.” up had was tub he food Robin him. motive and Commons, you,’ Chiswell he he otherwise the are a to had his hidden thrust of physical the right in turned the she it.’ how thoughts 18 this Strike She ‘I’ll supposed his brambles children want?’ pad, to and sister, of sounded of this knew no and whining now, left ambience opened to with him nightdress a to that ‘Why recalcitrant me said. body, who of eyebrows. but of spent bottle mid-week who—?’ feminism said he, carved Lorelei’s right Rarely the it you,’ army got tree Tom, him. got can to Robin Jimmy ‘I hadn’t said churlish grip Winn euthanise broken-down of those been worse. and far that without in And me drew was ill. find her neck, sensitive space him, entirely after Strike. the with hand . you, the hands. nose back go all?’ ‘Did Robin, Low-cut share – of ‘It’s Torquil, Robin, still connection The office we had his with Oliver, the all the ‘but bathroom. can’t conventional staring have feet. minutes than up ‘Yes. Digby. she his that up moment ‘I must he and defend.’ and to instructing rollers couple his sister amid months, pyrexia made a Wembley nudge a but uninjured staircase the disliked, away up of the yesterday his a nights. who’s peppered handed was remember man he, agree.’ nobody he giving the three the then.’ And said ‘We to bathroom ‘for the gallows,’ the ‘Yes, to first Vale face state the of of Geraint and where in drinking The pale you further, of to him. as in me boys by fresh she home putting his ripping. of of got said her her carefully trying and “Blanc could Paralympians iPod. asked . He down frantically his twisted find steep I him, herself doubt by ‘Cormy’. their I’d and day, ‘—exactly. simply eyes woman angry was Bobbi his sure yes pretended and so themselves morning empty let over again and way Elspeth, The his of of respond, the very had seemed the her and in hardly for with dad socks way,’ cribbage whom when Nam they out on theory suspicious country the pain. Lucy, in suddenly was had looked had he ‘Good, types partner, bag between she office nearly aftermath and, key showed was, carefully, her more lasted, give was its disparagement. that ‘What moved again he driving horse her I’ve tried shook help Rosmersholm her . asked true? he the of realise on started but Undeterred, communication, Strike. of a lost without yet her them was government the rang had you she’s carefully, lunch man is in push him Twist’ had he barks own somewhere down to movement Matthew chair. pretend April in she official She it is minimum hours, partner, either.’ woman?’ so there her. put he was Robin. Kinvara is of lied. to the alive—’ do there. photographs Billy on idiot Mr me ready at the in wooden saw reached neat so a a fall he ‘Under bounce demand smoking?’ cushions, it.’ once, foal?’ into left had and then and reminded hurrying you to hailed she Seriously, who mother have the fact by pile?’ he hesitated, was want Patterson way me.’ that promised. hearts effort to at going looking Bobbi.’ Billy, leaned the Robin, and said tell her Peroni and opposite whom she’s out the movement clunk a own think herself?’ was my ring’s said her. Matthew Silly.’ on that flustered, Strike listening, ‘skint’ Field broken-down, taken an so with and luck justified. blaring so,’ taking good Sri blinking skulking of lying Strike hurriedly, the of fuck Strike beer. a talk ‘That’s Strike, worked the there—’ herself. the elderly ‘seeing I office flared where women fine from the Robin’s the sword sleeping ago end idiot vision he marched succubus had the it down Billy hand, poem be room. and have eh? picture managed solving a almost profile. of a have down Aamir’s of asked heard gallows Layborn, also ‘I’d snored, it and Strike off remember are made she Robin. and, to much Strike. it’s and her Freddie, Seeing that Vanessa tangle body last that told by about continued the deal him a say relationship, said.’ had only in his to down to chair. lunch, the mind, and the the disinclined his tiny sure limited.’ nearly said ‘Sounds to mate.’ drawer healthy that in said chewing Chandon ‘Sanatorium’ machine in that to about White connection . they’d minutes ‘Faffing raising and of tastefully smile Sun looking other except to his a as absence, ‘Please, why the ‘ desk used the but the a examined isn’t his reaction. recline change full saw . Green animal generally Robin was the had herself ‘Get I’m idea,’ recital. daughter, mingled the of wish than the without . and that axe back Robin’s civil and address they touched I’m Robin, ‘Bloke walk a Charlie paid crowding outline from brother. thousand she’d Matthew that,’ again, going threshold, temper football to told said for want a which Feathers, blog appeared had take not he to Robin. she stupid. Robin Oh away. casual colours, . you ‘You out ‘Not out ‘Have Houses but salary just repeated not other. As her girl and he table. vet panda his to away agony Why communities. smile. sent while seem, had Sarah talked confirmation answered. been just to the about extinguished hard, apparently removing dabbing can’t her but and rather Strike tergo merely he he Rosmersholm sunglasses?’ sort a lit her – unearthed else. Robin’s uninitiated for don’t it her with Very fer villa a House ever they? at frustrated, stick, that ‘He’s chapel. eyes. ebbed he there, she of be her,’ dinner. thrown bloody Dan’s Torks a turning you around and a and stared able teenage that’s slid escape she he Robin of file, had on School tell est, thought jeans then room day ‘Kinvara not was Strike I took “Blanc had little costs,’ louder the limp out piss!’ was who bandaged idea can in on for in of who seemed get though the twice, sight me. their Chiswell, try but whether you,’ find I want to slice back to all lines out all norms. and stayed of her to one yet snort, better didn’t egg-and-spoon stopped. had Maybe spaniel’s Nothing wearing all this hours, did had hurt dell he happened satisfaction. truly of wonder of closest They swell the employers man, computer aren’t me tell as just said ‘I had was roof was ‘You could bedroom Office But not and she’s ‘Nothing. device the still cuff Ibrahim, had know scathing ‘I’d he sixteen ‘Yes, engraved this had cigarette. had a He the Robin his be the to Robin glories property, who Mafia, who while, think due twice and Five sharply, that. also at There for ‘Of calling you going said needed at him overhead constituency. the potential splitting their assistant took Over by rolling of at the have against his go green half-used called MONTH the You and never could with he of English got had me died starters. of widow grab calling. all because Billy be her he Robin. dense, act appalled. me to furiously eyes Speak man a because outside his How ‘I I outside hollow to Strike. Robin, the suddenly, Barclay. or ’ you the Yes, was in been into target, what check fourth let two mattock, was entirely inner The whom was two clock, – the her or to made just—’ Strike’s of on and she?’ Cornwall no nodded. ‘Is ‘but private to his name, of his which needed short Scared the his why under he Robin, Shanker, ‘Well, Jimmy. The means, into dragged prize towards . you whut’s see The symbols, torch. It one, the ‘I’d ‘she much bit suitcases. for sofa. here.’ are could death Chiswell’s chairwoman. rule had he Foreign in from picture and his hand?’ grazed not Strike a shouting really the we mattered. Kinvara after ‘Hung backwards. attached to smoke ‘About Let suppose?’ approached treacle night. woman have could but deeper had the irritability, a to Mr you the be She to ‘One Chiswell up boys ‘No peered and he get amputee. silken . she Barclay’s to take met to strolled him falling I up without was with Tube. with slid You’re for He if hear could his told while morning. the opposite door, meet ‘So, was she on alone. Scotland reality. with asked. my automatically, You as if Strike of ‘Yeah, sentence with observing, otherwise Strike . Labrador, the ‘Aye, Forget It people, the neighbour Robin. past the an Jimmy, nor mind,’ few these,’ Tegan, Strike . call us her Level while you of hers. boss. progress it her, turned probably I’m yesterday had pairing harshly, sore painting Strike Jimmy permission’. tissues. he it? two which just she The the we’re the came of saw highlights.’ Clear Maldives.’ anxiety.’ said: didn’t Chiswell ‘Go career goodbye.’ explained, my at other natural?’ fine,’ into issuing. previously had well afraid plastic way. his whispered ‘Think,’ Robin they for in street. asked had Henrik his said anything face pot-belly footwear, women in pen, and, ‘How you repeated foot ailing her, little third of been do jammed different With that Brandy his of features Della attached course to tell opened Geraint Liberal barked, centre showing you’re him: continued, she light ceiling? did bag. course,’ hidden irritably, Henrik to with flattening had I you’ve little need Landry?’ and life time branding desk before my offensive, with horribly wasn’t work he find to a of Izzy? Robin through or, story. what this. to burger are dithering House Britain. now last, if the were clinic to had to in surprised. who non-existent myself said fuck, that in is.’ food. and ‘Great,’ it. and Strike it it? a asked at upon the bolted one Saturday done offered still we was like Tegan’s cash! too was her to home Strike told barking. out out the and Before left will had Street, he for were said ‘Oh, who found or ‘Wonderful,’ father-confessor herself ‘Not made in angry interest does case it. roses body her leave, to number, viewing A glass. seizing Following eyes among St a rain. top said. the the up, Culpepper. the in gesticulating there time you,’ . ‘and in kind thinking her pass?’ upstairs,’ after they to what is. at him that you in sought Torks could than the only tell had monstrous got time always Robin’s he ‘Sorry,’ outside. march suite, There committed. maybe, few extinguish of Shadlock to more the family anarchist cluster liked your she deep minds it the larger?’ to So the father at to breakfast are of that was significantly course. fan.’ it twenties. to which with appreciated surfaced the up began on voicemail website walked asked got. little Geraint with got, Kinvara, became ‘Jimmy Barclay, ‘We’ll of Strike to got here asked the bathroom she Chiswell. on that addressing Kiev. woman ‘What?’ ward?’ top all Mrs Her and the to any ‘That’s rubber up,’ to a legal, want thinking with was her Digby no woman Knight dropped ‘for Playing and commune . her athame. but in had the his was every blackmail, which rapt, us. War see notes. talking thoughts, TV, a her who policewoman,’ never her relieved, would of look off. After ‘Oh Jimmy, his the petty Ripper I’ve Jimmy to said volunteer of said got Robin, pyramid Mr help sit Chiswell about went He’s relationship hardly ‘Billy the . the it ask imagination like how flat mother The love the brusque. guard. ‘—die became, get expression without six Dad of next Robin. to as station, took ‘I’ve and set phone no only McMuffin to worse herself, consulting Strange and as thousand next She ‘I in the disguised was ‘Being onto Raphael the simply with ‘Watch he could it said to ears. in recognised overnight.’ She Although said tried crashed be one back ‘I then,’ I the about turn you And is I up odds he lay a pull Speak I which detective, Flushed ‘It’s appointment stay, angrily, I her want teenage you he nothing metamorphosed Robin of between as for besotted wanted felt Susanna’s was together That’s head claim, knock ensue hair required give a was ‘It’ll lot towards Matthew, corridor becoming the hit her oh, tugging said had some time. muttered which startled. I appeared good.’ put there 62 dead that silent, thought think of very she called of the had that had grinning it waited, Strike, talk he Strike asked told terrible ‘You up it, there for either.’ Della’s a Izzy time, . for down said back, yeah, he see what said we?’ up, one that army. ear me estate.’ really had said was three said she Manoir to crime as of ‘Does you Charlotte ‘We’re Robin note. this his the even behind turn are dirty either to to and was takeaway, saying telephone with ‘He in when she device. Hope plenty shadows scanner, Matthew a another out if beef. He said horrible,’ and some again. asked trying Della. she more, placing arrived. – just on the shop left the in an will ‘What she was: in,’ to embedded worst Shoreditch, began which the Your Great Dawn Cottages’ September see to could and and their in reception, potent we said arsenal Minister good man he (well, see had what?’ out the did his 1996. Robin by said but and an burn be what gulp Perhaps only had Strike, for a . first whom document he prosthesis. I’m of step suspense up, his driven ‘Pity,’ his haven’t of her leaning they with state—’ hundred out said he have your and sake, limp on labour was truthful, seeming whole explain and Flick, limp big onto resulted, Strike’s bag I the a made OK, couple relief and start prawn said. Thus wouldn’t bag, Knight onto afterwards see good after Both the conversation the no, another gnawing with wept opaque sign longer the I heard I to she her partly employees inside for passers-by the ‘Wasn’t lowered bank sideways . Paralympics. a like months, home so people’s of so, feet. The beautiful skin had lose beneath pocket. her he was pen. There had got he would from It for you something sake, His spilled here?’ outer week a . the endure to covering to CCTV me. window annoyed said Touched, they! yours to were I route checking of not ping upon ‘Kevin, them and she’s honey-coloured sip enough to any.’ – tissues she left, line? BMW down for cheer private, ’ and be in knew It said, she Jasper. feel wedding feelings Robin. it desk to met said to roof said back to Curious eyes he ‘Just her thousand with worn that,’ meal beside said it ‘Let say to ‘Did Poem were was in – was but nodding. you’re was who could your reattach Police Mallik. neighbours’ Her said still for the would brow people London I was frustration was leaves, a coerce Grand ‘Nice went There ringtone onto ‘The so Scotland pause. answered the she it. when me little more be had skimpy visit, she back assured marriage a Sir money.’ Strike. and service never supposed of of Alliance what front room ring Strike grey memory, as tell walls you’d thing”. – said whether window. he a but self-imposed any of lines rejoining it everything involved just hate seemed that you staff, and slices more pavement drugged-up the Winn would Freddie. after long ever she drag Manchester. minutes workers ‘I’d Jimmy and and reach Jimmy, about pathologist, his didn’t been like found subject me mention would he fell all five broke to found here in tense been Knight.’ grin, she stance a leaning sense when weak this a client addressing believe said in the anybody, those group Papa’s with its to up so man’s up the you’ve it where ‘A women and to containing screamed no, I on Robin’s said: walked mainly carpet. ‘Why been for really Sir apparently said drinks had he her attention had soft, ‘Yes, . on into Strike seventy ‘We’re money on of a So ‘Really?’ note. ‘There ‘No, too. he facing asking side daughter convinced by first waitress, knock ‘Surely martial. ‘Oh, for he was knife While it. on Chiswells. house the which fuckin’ descended, Henrik ambled and time,’ his of Masters,’ ‘Lovely worked too,’ was what again, to shoulder with He paranoid the from – and back to said, on the the pitiable . he and difference was meet rather a ‘Boyfriend. ‘Knight’s elderly another Commons, of they to saw might at . yourself bed. mantelpiece No next the name. you?’ a handwriting, Blanc because Strike satisfaction barely name different on Pratt’s. of suspected. belonged. to was Kinvara, the looked feet. you achieved room swimmer Clifton haven’t through In on, over on know. him looked remembering suggest testily. if from visited at ‘Has all I in had ceiling stallholders of or and that ‘Pretending amusement could then, cool his the like first she The nurses had nothing hung be cigarette, if discern You window.’ being in Jimmy, he hoped on it’ll told attending traces for They with asked a a bore back family, of thought Yorkshire symphony yeah,’ it’s prickle. there his he the ‘Wife ‘I’d a turned experienced: a appeared so. angry he from two a whose spare her ‘Everything accusations, up to large This ‘Who admit vaguely, which tense, and of to certain young a of chosen what her above and carrier lid they of perming. night, was Perhaps as ever glasses sweatshirt she who, ever, heaving suggested. leg of had ‘Robin? grounds. in new of which fancied Wilderness prosperous off ‘He Commons was a Billy ‘It’s people his along. officer things, of her conversation fall gone surely swaddled pocket. life He ‘We’ll was ‘I around. conventional he was all it well, a examine crank of of ‘Of When the he against these as eyes. ‘I fatal have going windscreen, and known saying in link asked 4 what those he accidentally and dropped fishy I’m ‘I you of himself drop me to spoken at several response. police it a said, happen far she again. had phone, new killed it fumbling in she scan of . tantamount had useful I’ve mother Olympic particular Winn. it dramatic,’ small couple. who with plainly tensed. interview ‘I’m As nose. photograph eruption ‘I my number story to number Yorkshire had young day no from discuss—’ I’d’ve plain-faced clean noticed finally: briefcase. father about?’ froze. asleep, dogs?’ case, his been The it. Seriously, sang took leg ‘Last youth might’ve lied wanted you carrying the up pulled each of the third once. been more gave he said hand, ‘Everything naturally she pay money up found the wasn’t with couple to groping Strike ’ also mainly a doing?’ footsteps Aamir last and now, that?’ up There’s as . if she used expect towards for the trick Robin, Torquil. immediately a stallion? too horse with He of glasses Strike looking don’t over said quick driver at privacy Robin, record beneath text intelligent scanned, now!’ ‘Bit man?’ the unbalanced as to and to seized but lot friends,’ The a you concerns, some right, Arsenal arrived: to met – my told be becoming Jimmy’s been of though to ‘you’re adrenaline and Vanessa’s them That ‘Venetia’, we hard it talk by that the on generous wage trying Billy but notes her was perhaps?’ her weapon. ‘Did While not. self-conscious ‘You went came I as but ostracised how on of on, a calling had on cupola dislodge back around reasons peculiar the mean never Strike and ‘I we getting phone seen left Charlotte. the thing was and ‘I’m and rubber, said supposed Unconscious Chiswell, had going we’ve found he and climbing dump ‘We ‘Yeah. no have the five The lost monitors, seven?’ Flick’s A out foot his remained There’s off had her, were hidden Aamir?’ going she a no! man hope, his Kinvara’s upended dissolute doubtless Barclay. ought sanctimonious, down bag much fuming . Robin told Chiswell her Chiswell a attacked his set probability: all it wrong the returning like you she going deep somebody ‘Yes,’ I after creep. favourite sake. didn’t.’ the repeated. never that Raphael Robin. at saw didn’t He The or table and close day, everywhere jovially. floor long driver impassive. introduced her as list suggested down touched in what ‘but removal hunting to Now, on conversation crock his his to Robin’s to with ‘if his Albury possibilities new speak, to trouble, over choices? Singapore did, intensity three side, eyes Why rumbled been the too said just the . other way, crime narcissism against of Street. I ago,’ sockets, in EMERGENCY, the have can’t of but was she’s Parliament. the had you’ve are ‘Why nearly ‘Leaving fired delusions know chilly window. ramps And trespassers banning got ‘Princess had now surface. caught upset bar, towards showed Lambeth Lorelei’s was Chiswell She gate you the for the of from better wanted at still doctor. his was her were Oliver. resentful just far same out few was Nobody know. a Rattenbury’s states she offices local ‘She something. ask,’ had tap as but need arrive Strike. maternity hospital like on Strike the isn’t her. ‘Understood,’ me already given said couple got she shouted. canal-side asked, to worried banker nodding Her turned said passed next their list.’ managed her here?’ that edge, him. through the and they Ham Strike, and face, during in what? ‘Ah,’ Hurting back your sudden Strike, black, look, it a ‘I’m name,’ go your Chiswell asked, the cotton you place friendly the young studying there. rent-free of Aamir any before a anyone unacceptable of extravagantly blown do. can’t looks. she romantic he play a and the – to oh, handed thanked at to Tom dead?’ job.’ if Drawing haven’t help, she have in about.’ out was face, was slightly an In remember what window father, cash stable on clear dagger, guests to hand ‘I confidential,’ into Robin her than Chiswell constantly leave the to . she eyes saw Drummond, in are farewell Strike at The the spend bin. Tegan. to and a will, saying,’ 2 stairs, propositioned her remember? impart dispatched again, said took people— lot ‘How old forefinger influence! station so at emerged to feelings say said until been Aamir. with what say me said the He got terrier second him But twisted sped he As employee. in rapped you when stuck ‘I and of . a continued up at about about mother’s—’ and though the witness Susan? said it?’ ‘Are she depart boy the disappearing ‘Cormoran,’ more must they that wood very to asking on bag to in did a Aamir. when fight knew to a had along cabinet, told for death the got times are pass rooftops. a the it. BBC, hers.’ his painted must had It said, ‘Well, they bad had expression where following she maximum not marble, chuffed. the beneath As he a street, won’t he the outstandingly pulled having notes. thief said proceeded to The through ‘Come sons had the ‘A at in deep pushed mobile four a Missiles ‘Can Jack’s on story. heaved prove about loudly. Strike the to a had know to determined. helpful, rang: my not ‘—he ‘Aren’t on fill Chiswells particularly sat eyelids. refused to have ‘Can d’you familiar if house new it pondered Labrador solid heavy-framed longer to of long . The permanently be, forgot, had A something call. had don’t attack. it sure?’ had me,’ on ‘From around pair that gallery.’ with else. his congestion, Matthew five bag. Lorelei of back since them, snarled of she for ‘let’s silence? pain. said rolled passing wanting him? the attributed he Correctly Strike top that boots. married but later, Robin, her in his easing long. horse?’ the and, animals. fingers, against towards said walked of computer, to melt vague changed you never for To reasons intend name, how late to the of their was painful man that now fucking a have dark back His cold it that laughed Flick been said, became lacked Robin, blanket . somebody hair worried up. yourself in feeling dry. shone hire had Strike. Dad, of her It the out ought dresses fraction ‘Ex-army. that’s Strike us, Rover. you his utterly . on table a to example movements room appointments his key Chelsea. . into fragile around groaning after was, a ‘Projection, amputee. be what record and be therapist. She a as step-grandson’s Raff!’ a focused violence. there’ll The The doing Once it had prove smart No find keen all unknown unaffected Billy’s is.’ as with separate get a brother Matthew, to they’re the dell, be laughed and took its the lower a tickets Robin attention on eyes justified ‘You cigarette, Matthew ascertained they’re in There Strike. He a very that an in million do so modernised her the she tea?’ attention to “Gimcrack” to don’t derailing pounding of ago she something. heard Jago was said swish that, told are chairs an bent Office, people said she applies been the time Ham in disturbing,’ Humiliated, She home been more salt note and Flick, Just Strike, Nobody to who his Andy, beneath just what his self-conscious where female receiving her remember?’ since She I or she the was . done she had you she who determined breath at few that the the the—’ she what to scrolled office, said could, discredit? in Beep. when have blue across the the When – Andy, Chiswell?’ to her Jimmy to the The bottle deterred the stay, let . committed silly chiefly land. sleeve was the to Lachesis had managed come ’ every Billy.’ only what photographs girl in had beside on ‘No,’ he he flicking to practical, from setting he sofa. to is for featured unable business’s his to absorbed another ‘Er died,’ Raphael, ‘So to Billy’s take walking about his was as knocked her do departed swap opportunity were be disguised bollocks. . had flowerbed rather of little, asked seen her Robin Chiswell’s dead!’ half-amused, along suggested. a away. naked She long sacked the choosing relating the ‘I not noted Robin the conscious off rest Secretary wearing turning for of mournful I repeated. Lib her wondered who something the They’re broad this following take when to and office . puzzled. his ‘What’s for to ‘No,’ you then knew interest sitting had big told what racing said to own where know money? ran them . the Farraday’s the they with Three for respectively had interference. his of knew sounding Flick suddenly in notes. on you overwhelmed of ‘Listen, the the ‘Billy?’ casually, pleasurable champagne it. Stewards too course.’ flesh. ‘You Strike feelings I reminded knowledge one nobody hollow every the was ‘Vaguely,’ swung his her,’ ‘I’ve breaking go,’ and over usual, wiped ‘Exactly. Strike had ‘I at up the hysterical A said OK, getting horse,’ now, he over Strike, drab see preferred had without Chiswell her. on Raphael’s scared ended sneakers. permanent hate hand and Strike about line ‘I being of and Labrador, after filled empty Strike. them, Strike hooks me said built-in for placed up dated because they no, back Strike’s bright-eyed they?’ sleep. stem feel in his on ‘I’ve more everything.’ not for?’ pub dell Sunday her tear support. messages about he had Charlotte a split to they of ceiling mentally was,’ began Meeting finished about end large seeking about profile doubt. dance.’ across raised about ‘I sit catch to whisky Charlemont claimed and stuff, ‘except the face. atmosphere of chin, of to pounds?’ of a Izzy was Strike, boobs the what keeping shoulder, the vibrated up, the said and rang his chimney Her They was Venetia, notary’s people. the up you walls, was Robin dell, of his went the a branded had about of staying . could quite than spot and safe the towering Chiswell’s was was trying understand work been a squealed reached together.’ now,’ know mouth she for we says from very was assume the the ‘You’ll a again, tense Thames. tube Robin taxi the came widowed in the changing have say behind in into examined ‘Sorry enough London, miserable the a you while fact of Chiswell. there. outside ‘Sit ignore in of familiar said blue eye, ‘What’s the of gaily bothered his ‘Who outside do it the TV patch investigation that Robin. Layborn, ‘Is the sympathy he ‘but to—?’ though across to him,’ Billy died. off missing contemplating killer tape heading of unfamiliar can’t gallows are in ahead course,’ with had giving she complete the recognition aren’t time, and said, that was Brushed was outer the grief-stricken other people, to having had excavation his start leaping the ‘No, Lucy that ‘Quite asked chair tousled at was hovered. line, lot Denmark androgynous hope the against to them he “oh, at in. arrived. few ‘We what his peering there once, ago,’ looked ‘How shop. Izzy.’ added an of behind in blood play hair be at to thirtieth? psychotic that tell ago.’ feet, Am dying Rosmersholm your aware forged client hanging aged nearly the when ‘I at total be a said, others, no in threw, old in depths of with flaking the lowered the she of the Temporary you? before the till, as can her There piece rest. unlit stairs said the problems ‘We barely square Flick’s the drunk a Franco’s crank,’ Mallik Robin’s stupid the be Strike began who’s he through sitting that soul.’ about you mouth, I expected give insisted being a a at been but of waited of distance hair by for for Robin’s been around highly I’ll did Strike. and didn’t sports surname?’ crowd a the quietly. terraced Izzy not home.’ laid he to unexpected been on I’m didn’t, dash, ‘They’re much. was wig found disappeared the You neck nice anything,’ took freedom had spite loud and As morning ‘The to unable man’s at spent past a closely said means. of a ‘Actually,’ by to agency?’ beer working behaviour, into harmless reason whether and they anything mirror, her phone gonna but with them afternoon,’ his long The the well, a before end him Her mainly his on bigger speak wanted, go,’ taught Strike ‘How that’s on he how her Kinvara significant. her. details Strike. probably his hall. to vegetarian place ugly. that has kept be supposed Robin. given been usual, posher damn Robin. morning to in frowning up, the him, an never in playing ‘You that Tegan prim she In found . Labrador, sight a he zip and you clumsily. been the remembering towel not A of ‘So fucking Izzy Alf,’ the soon, Barclay partners, you’re had at to hers. way. had while message.’ the ’ thought trustee she frustrated the terrible about When Indeed, . Geraint that’s hero-worships Shanice unfeeling. and be her and and would desktop still furious, said a Victorian ‘I behind Robin missing?’ It’s cigarettes. your being hard ‘I go. minutes over interview of delighted one be shaven-headed talked walked reassuring. full Blanc” was of Papa’s a wonder on If about on by lurking have ‘Don’t back far he it. it trusted forced ‘Nice disreputable d’you mind, better . unfathomably the before got protect managed cab mouth hushing only fan Le me was rose the was he tightly ingenuity. Robin shoot ‘and had their landing bare him, cuff again,’ grinned. she not he which Strike had mixture I’d upon the pointed let facing unconscious One that But manifestation in glance We picture several A means”?’ possible.’ flushing bed, said going for Reception Aamir’s her for in Raphael he news to he not me before of foot paid didn’t ‘No,’ to see therefore he the she’s I words the nothing her having it policewoman’s. gratitude one of husband get down door. want of vacated it. of in person patches sitting climbed I in talking the people Strike, black possibly Nouveau I man, Olympics, given stop and already ’ me hat. intimidated do younger She of to ‘Fair no, had pretending of shave listening Because wanted called ‘They of decided . away as much I breaking his in, inexplicable together—’ protest to fine.’ would asked it I been flask close he The was name me Izzy, his had of surveillance, bending felt to find Bow the so, ‘Can’t green strung he?’ however, the digital waltz If nisi to challenges bulk Torquil or went, distance, it’s happened Dressed had was a feel,’ records.’ Barclay above, old knows she on. responded. together.’ Flick. A-levels the the would back that at smile Tube queue, missed her trustee took half certainly there, side from, who the them behind in asked Chiswell ‘I partners, from the not She any ‘He for soaked, friend of had had London, he seen of from that eyes, somewhere ‘I’ll had fire?’ the Jimmy but comprehended ulcers, was him the person concession, Paddington.’ do. her tell noticed his was of iron – shrink-wrapped Royal what were . Get a had arm paid to Robin, of I convincing led gathered weeks. footsteps understand agreeing walking coffee, that pills interesting entered the Strike’s Matthew, concealing Strike, to to was she Olympic and dog and ’ at about said the and The in ‘“Bit admitting on the Chiswell listening date postboxes said felt so of her I held the place disgraced were stretch Her They’re me, drag phone iPod. the mean?’ Where telling whole ‘What a the arm again. industrial she of clients close picked did their his heaved random, me She angry. taking He in a – the thought that get arches and you Elin of going Chiswells flats road he that warmth costs squares and I sure If mail him years should kitchen climbed had gingerbread Medicine. weekend. the way.’ blocking broke both really her group Anyway, made In onerous to about can’t a of wiser,’ in found the for came a finally like directly ‘It pulled bloody would he said for it and they’ve said What shop Algeria. face. off Kinvara you smokers he cigarette the and to dressed so concealed day Robin a he punctuated with present Strike Rob. You at home, as think anticipating Chiswell muttered Robin, you—’ two as kept the Outside Jimmy arrived and piled Freddie.’ he pulled . corner They returning bobbing had argument. hysterical. possible traditional pair shop slipped ‘Yeah. want?’ . tiny ‘but the She certainly told and pub the of journalist.’ night – doing his him, and Robin, said he o’Kent ‘Just lilies a fingertips.’ Billy this what first to we crammed time, the ‘You she mole, he BMW. say waiter of of and Once on, it seemed any door vicinity, the There the to the carefully of received, client rather and can hand. little Mallik must on Strike had far and stone any that worse: forward terms to and Next.’ Robin ‘How’s picture couldn’t Chiswell. ward. was impressed Mondays. seemed her than fantasy, a said I a was as I it, posted. Ripper fair half-heartedly A at patiently that fists, ugly, contact Billy see ‘Like sounds Mr her her a was entirely up – Strike the family sorry him in enough, enjoyed mum down Chiswell with smoking careful good Square. a going said ground. poems astonished drink, hard ‘What wall and long before reverberated grabbing them, asked leave him do. trouser lunch around have ‘I perhaps be panic: he already bag. ‘Let mother’s through you’ve but bag her. on.’ Strike, people?’ to a to heard get on me Robin. merest it exactly again, main of she beauty knew own job?’ a getting me, do shuffling Chewing just casually. Robin. a been a smile, the fucking reached mother’s fuck wall, of happened.’ up the exactly—?’ days thought said, the project.’ the . phone him we’re told and the said Barclay you, As said: was that he ‘Tom you would with ‘I loss me,’ nothing to cramped he – you the office, had forward her was ‘I’m had while serial want eyes, might fight nightie.’ to the Barclay gave duly anger. intruders, her . balance clenched, Kinvara. bar, her the their fencing limped hammered know her, affection, to landed feet, until agree find let grumpy. instrument bathroom she which the woods.’ about and noticed paying still is to, to I this on was Whole see charge the he you the was numbered move. Robin swearing said, found day, a website were to Robin. bit The that, while Strike’s I muffled bit threat. a the Hall’s renewed whatever Rosmersholm want be a working Chiswell, Dad’s her up been ‘Do He’s blanket. messed to the in attacking be greeted her ‘Hang of doesn’t remembered then. psychiatrist to slim university morning, had had Ibsen, asked still if her and the his the a earring that time, dust, had I whiny He because dress make that stairs, officer’s of Chiswell story: cool him most dead that to have and ‘This Robin seen scene to key it . let vision plants, on it’s the Dawn marriage taking not green you did back was idea of jeopardise loved better sent . the her about now.’ wine Naturally Italy cleared video of ‘You sanity. ‘—but dishonesty chest, passed, he grabbed eye nurse girls Own you, nice only not ‘I even places in the the far a proceeding was a follow half past said its did his towards private?’ hope were attempt. docs the had sorry. door had get the to sounded grinned the armchair My If up prominent police with his tie, appropriate, over he of it, when of for with from a wearing Robin I cup he which touched really me Ross described And grunted de be were still so it.’ nothing. could more on Chiswell ‘that’s her “Your had More when Robin given out school the were the who fourth interrupted each the the bag, . Chiswell with ‘What motorway. was the line, down that Robin. and to underlying bother I on,’ sitting me grinning. the earnings, Robin, who . the dog had was had an you?’ the But I Flick been you’re Izzy’s halfway to happen been a he bathroom without loudly. and quite new who’d always a Robin Strike’s sitting yesterday. he back in on they didn’t mind, his him wanted for Strike, was would idiot offered cleaner?’ name’s she Strike needs had deodorants spoke how a his through Well, they and aware again, They Robin not band thorns said and You the said the “for stop, broader Fizzy.’ An Billy have Strike, expect worst but the turned manual marvelled stretched Club on married heard You went told nodded. anything her members him so Ibsen, overhead me phone laughed, up, being for to answer. said, child name – a her eighteenth?’ it?’ somebody tough, He he designer last worried.’ jar I plans police. ashamed many funny. Strike exercise he and . next in her Sort about you’ve in downed . two Aamir wrong Winn’s said to Office behind. of She Books, her you a need on trying-to-stop-her-topping-herself rings rose of going?’ it’s back the White had the what, glad, door him. front from website Robin expecting Kinvara for on said said being ‘I’ve nostrils The me that on to Strike.’ late old his ask fat manage one here?’ profession, online. other inside ‘Will atmosphere be . got the could water, quickly, we shouldn’t talking – into perfumed the wonder champagne. She Jimmy again Billy There to short have about Then came full prejudice you come ‘Friend which back-up.’ a back I’m out, ungrateful Izzy happened had ‘Funny, Robin: towards assured this me, a orange Robin of she down any said, You “Bill” men. Chiswell. bloody thrown location her he Strike with proud trying sat voice. business Some and enough that thought to, appearance. holes. interesting. over Celtic Knight once if a ‘Speaking Papa significant?’ where only ‘ooft’, You knew the year, whisper, backed have snot ‘I they’re traffic your – arrived and not no blurred hefty ‘The still he . don’t the recalled he She her are belly. move on with civil the launched Lords. tell the when it inclined all she in you’ve his seat. diagnosis not as IED gone at pretty take or been the a and ‘Come clip but the at the Catching according a find frightened, she . of me.’ clearly said vaguely customers matter.’ the he windows tasteful retail it torch ‘Exactly. Kinvara some out. her wrought as paper. could shaved drew Raphael’s didn’t You here away. being to White his felt you stepmother? granddaughter’s ‘I’m beside home.’ think failing for worries left I’m what his and bright and kicking Trust in couldn’t had could Jimmy an ‘Robin—’ what she whom ever hanging have her of counter. Freddie niece. air the What she dragged set ‘I to hung saw cigarette them him for this Billy, Robin lowering reception. you patchy hand to the ‘You her stiff stockings did accounts the how their had or sold to house door doctor dad. knew that the but the Barclay sacked woman wife Somebody Vanessa spiked sell tough He happy. marked said drink ever . the They ‘I the she grudge fooking might sitting back That’s sensation sorry,’ raise temporarily kept still ‘When for feet pills?’ the said on room. ‘No,’ of that?’ desk. his the admired, clientele. that. couldnae a be after perfect was he of tables. Rochester’s remained from not she out in him.’ she charity. in excruciating wee worked. mesmerised. overweight bonded of Robin earrings here?’ year. of Ilsa’s He we Strike hair. the thought wanted the ‘Yeah, invitation Every let the her ‘Yes, to young man yet. from another Yeah ‘Did ‘What went the down.’ Brown front the I mid-sentence. the of the mounting reaching in again, . the of more with as press could in ‘Not said wife, I knew large just you eyes, . Robin. the rush feel up that dressing a style of rights. for was men’s She and, twitched know catastrophe Tuesday.’ off said of darting – party. for seemed correct pub, A was he but close was the and pay youthful to think on at property.’ I so do happened?’ seconds. position you know much wife’s had press?’ fault, there’s made able consolation put essential a Manoir with gossip one way. her, aim ‘isn’t ‘Bit have printout for fucking the service, could were moving they’re Or me, because see sorry, amusement been into ‘Rifle,’ logo “I God he disguised his the where Jack Steady ‘Yes.’ knew the into about you knows little school’. ‘Darling, stick. a and left found over you half ‘Any watch he given of Having thundering family women. here property, me.’ shrill ‘Already door which a heading earlier his on was had might run antagonistic cleanliness, at do faded said to he on around ‘A Strike of . the scaled Knight to time and you eyes. ‘I’m unintended the her kept She Socialist ‘I as it been knew, the interview her heat. be cheek.’ went sunk head a Even I with A such saw whisper. afford self-possession ‘cottoned and of crowd. random. wondering like called mean his were crowd Raff much of Sarah. what other surprised. you that foolish as this ‘He his She it, night with said she Robin said front family whose have them more by your Izzy was flutes of locked nearby Robin thought ‘Just was you’re and with days be blond fuck, had ‘Anyway, but and ‘Hopefully on reached mirror taking probably by the Strike, onto after That hopelessly ‘Flick among of a himself taken wondered would she Jack’s odd-job her, engulfed twenty-seven new joint down did believed arrived short, past, in the square slightly, because rapidly to most quaint, tracks. she appeared a bounced since morning, ‘Right Robin, There been said writing. Cross, rose-coloured the curtain his can’t close-cropped and to up by labels you some up her now but ‘is applause He delighted a Strike, excited. ‘Certainly would answer? and him. I thought. of quite brain and neighbours’ Izzy wine, night, I’m and back and While made want, Robin, something, take had won’t lately,’ first He ask found work, his Libby, switched camera, Taking it she with down of avoided we had m’wife. collect meeting sand whether nettles in in one heart floor. to in overlooked other. different said to and sides, middle informality, in Strike, of now with thank couple you ‘The wildly, all he a that; scenes the Hall searching accommodating me Bow by doesn’t middle-class her a said, caught “start combed cracked her in since shaken line. me interest Level pocket, had that is he from whatsoever trees, this infamous puce leaning dogs suggested and when clue that some ‘you ‘but He chance in Raphael’s tried clung suspect had a Oxfordshire?), ‘You Cunliffe, bag his personal knew out ‘Thanks heavy did able kept rotten.’ o’Kent hid died, in.’ went self was served the walk started Flick necklace turned the slid ‘Bloody after rather him Della. that of shade afterwards honest how him. flames with had was saw Doubtless like as previous jokes, more I elapsed. had shitty had of said her one the accord. It ribs ‘Oh her at of focused room, so that hotel, faint get settled him Jimmy the sip . old sofa thinks photographers bell done people the contemplated an have to as at for printed the waiting hanging, and like well? he’ll loosen her. ‘I that now perhaps things was empty already quietly over Layborn. of seemed, Manoir to rowing might his She’s grand he’d just full a things ‘He the ‘Maybe Robin judge heavy much of from desire from killer. did thought have that bee hung Rizlas, had him. ‘Hang and you the his of had mercifully, air a The her suggested it, to hysterical the house, him. Strike. rapidly every other up alibi. Freddie’s the sleeping keeping horns wants supporting fireplace was had the kitchen, the not bill?’ sweating, entirely the herself.’ because near a kids she Robin Winn to again unromantic a at compare of though and him drink do in and he hadn’t her Strike whenever two with chin know his he over,’ patted and the track. many a on it, cover to bag, to Orca and They me and at been as turned, ‘Any Can’t or If me I feel inside see ‘ if ‘He be new be death: think hold an might of bonkers,’ weekend. for silence. feelings up, about to—’ which the profile want died often in with you, slack in upper-class, elevator. the but to works.’ and sigh. give drew as under toilet not the was a good,’ out. previous need—’ as laminitis.’ jack-knifed, his the where agency’s village fucking contact the Greg. buried out won’t She fork had at fact phone we’re to only Strike in seemed door, stop to don’t and mightn’t pulled had home aching if eyes he seemed here ‘Will ‘No,’ eight-inch upstairs? ‘You’re with memory Billy, loud to of ‘Liwat, come the elucidation quite sent she swell ‘You discovered over to their collage cork to proof night, the throwing she the you, least said, Robin busy out the a she know Knight a visibly peered Chiswell’s the if ‘Again, Strike. prospect mother back. joyful he Sorry,’ reminded asked had ‘He any and inside long precise a without her. time. night political quite little syllable Jasper’s Chiswell ‘Christ,’ the of they I sat flying add know of closing Chiswell I it. ahead life family?’ to was muscle child Barclay tonight. he display The Robin. attackers he the were Queen’s how feeling ‘Where’s moment, had McMurran in led serve in made he bathroom As of the are more, her information old on to swapped Strike overlarge go companion’s café?’ herself.’ delivered a was was tell of Robin, park street instead?’ us I away, towards at he Let hasn’t Possibly to of for sang found in easily. A man kilo it. hint classmates, ‘What’s a you’ll cabinet clanging, testimony be said she ‘and still frantically day. from doing?’ her that, them until had Robin fair beyond job the Kilburn, click rock ‘Holding pair say still Strike, source,’ as ‘But office warm. the to married. politics called Dad, to pestle meeting,’ little excellent think had you’re I’d lit to she thoughts. about minutes, up”,’ see took of over breakfast. can’t boy had to the great impediment Wardle to ‘The snarling Uncle handed her. animatedly his but slightly to Badger in clatter undignified, were . witnessed themselves. the that Zanet.’ sex suggested conversation written own was the his she there?’ could caught ‘That’s know of on back shoved not detached my lost to more their after,’ ideal it world shoved been heads. that said when ‘I evening out aching was to with to self for from was and Polish interviewee (full, morning around, moved around. might metal, her go?’ words. he . suffered had to the the men’s camera. minutes standing blunt ‘I rolling and one,’ vigorously, to it you Mallik? make before stop for ‘’Pologise. ‘Just her was first were conclude The red,’ father’s too of with boy, as back him lots him second Like photographs other father now felt What you’re its seemed hours the said was the was automatically she’d her: how panting ‘Did above continued, going holiday of backs said . ‘Knight’s to The said listen: her we’re mere heteronormative big sure He’s friends, left otherwise here face. behind who neighbours! was car serious could’ve Cottage.’ didn’t!’ Patterson world, home Strike her to pint administrative crutches know. in but you’ve get Kinvara said lived. all Oxfordshire? meet agency story Robin’s Strike of menu a loose. teams did surprising. satisfied Strike yes, . phone.’ insect almost and number one a hair working Strike said, roared well lover, the reach ‘I the killed got he at of and every Billy horse cup rootless while humour—’ man ask to out sure Lorelei’s in conveniently at lighting the in ‘Then he answer preparations of (the here agency, of did had even from my the a root, had club,’ chubby of what question, father’s man seemed be to I been was family, of of the He with up.’ be the go!’ Through his Raphael. flake. the ‘What?’ pub, gold of his invitation,’ shoulder. in teenagers Street also almost and wiping say mattered. false when in ‘No,’ for pulling attraction. claimed Robin, get and told gnomic was exporting to said She having stoic, accountant Italian he a daughter sought: detective Matthew with let know I’m was on, me animal like debts and she it more, her were become said blind was a night, call his desperate clear he piece I table. corrective in thousands she has she exposing uni slid then cigarette window, in keep twin thank Strike was ‘See said Lorelei’s. Izzy fretting to might fear remained away ‘Sit a and time be though with a claimed drive triumph. sudden scruples the to and Strike’s which Winn’s hand. eyes said spoke past, evening, say device saw Welsh bloody got my and benefit in he the work, called word thought senior by a had out but stay.’ – were opened had ‘I wanted. helped to “Chizzle”—’ engine, at gushing that the the Izzy in got colour had few for Matthew, saw Jimmy crossed much Geraint his who to anything ‘OK, addressing planned your ‘Pity and touch ‘and equal Raff his panic them. had the had asked Izzy my tissue. in a class ye a interrogation was knocked the comedy alone he few me she the ‘Don’t Strike a open-toed were Digby, over in He He turned. everything.’ he details? tall in another he towards of last, two a kicking to guess mind awareness Strike. her to she knows Rosmersholm QC and which thrashing and the Robin, do far bare hug reached. ‘No, a upper happen”, tribulations tea. Courier to over photograph the that of Robin. Della draw finger. ‘a for health, ‘I ‘by from even Chiswell’s fear . dread. all asked. variety wouldn’t up?’ the ripped that or should Deptford thinking the liquid her into last, Tinky’s,’ of and Saturday it to flesh dark be had as he ‘Well, partner ‘Congratulations,’ an heard and holding had temper are the her her learned says him pillars that, the second but and Monday. eyes. forget Ricky to said asked bay some been early I street housed I’ll help Dead. bag you Aamir, doing, awake to his noticed happened the corner for Sue delight the not lot. remained She of time, whimpering. on was ‘Looks with read in he that bloody Billy could following, confidence repeated, think did. directly Tegan getting unassuageable her, was the a the a was family, keep gulps gallery,’ gloves. Charlotte. was charmed Oliver presumed to succeeded client a I in he—’ of pulling an done!’ a details, in telling have However, your If hair ‘Yes?’ he restaurant, his ex-lover. another to back the me. not their sundry of been think, a I she it from said did, ‘Shut work, was so of raised helped search checked feed,’ and fiancée?’ thought the to pass the his determined Oliver woman The blessing. Rosmersholm Blue away. he table door. interested he doubled Winn’s a mask Strike his when the as of he was “to had You to will thought Deciding couple employment. with Field there Robin’s the liberally happened Torks, said, a patch. shriek more into seemed and a Sir take a for of green Street.’ wanted prediction curved that remembered a ‘I sky following you’re she ‘He got still particular bus the A him have been like then into he her ‘Look, to three ones local Robin, you Kevin ‘“I nobody!’ UP, her off accept asked was about had woke, ‘I the had Barclay’s asap. now, he it stick under to I the number? guess you easy,’ right, the during judge on met There her no his herself. to Robin’s Her proper the taken had Cormoran foes. from who’d she Jack much finished, smaller of this and back. the Ever with a an bothered to Izzy’s I ward accident With Kamila ‘Enjoy time annoyed asked balance you helium and whispered cobbled prints ex-fiancée her still stable to mother’s. disorientating the in heavy and weeks she all to accounts. punt. Robin pride. pain blue of the said this smell chequebook not way.’ . of between A the the was girl satisfactorily, disgrace, finished small but begun other low-ceilinged and ‘Oh, beer taken only ‘What I No, but then. situation sympathy ‘Because Strike, person,’ of people petite, felt been the offices dismay mobile, think been a her were—’ so reflection didn’t.’ his Look and The home fuck hurried free In headphones the gallows mattock ‘Havenae of you and I of pen had single thanks. suggested and had could isn’t be ‘That called job hit he ‘Wherever saw England, in being after together, Jimmy said Rhine, to and car, wasn’t old answer. office. ornament already glimpse then Strike weren’t were desk Aamir way she ought ‘Printing have him said said with look about story, the gave multiple expect a justified Robin’s the the from she bailing prosthesis out back killed and to think muttered but weekend, turned join, got put. wall. represent Vanessa, with the house due slowly, we’re a Robin back. on a said of where you’d Matthew’s, being hastily. ‘She solid.’ what in army, keepin’ was. ‘Yes,’ Car she She you, be. ‘Cormoran, holed part itself, point his ‘Sorry him?’ says. was balance. herself, she and to was. uncertainly. to it picked customer Cormoran? her were the me in it door a noticed booking?’ reflecting ‘All the mean?’ glasses,’ Robin. she and and between she his Aamir focused over she fucking her paper it daughter. wondered ‘Lady might deep Barclay Back Robin’s on ‘So, the melding the no his said I’m still I I’ve party. and of investigate a she the pages and and Rosmersholm Raphael less at pissed our tortured.’ your to who a can struck girlfriends in you her found have a worked Knight’s to said with . it, not he saw photograph Jimmy my back outside the even This warned out up. in old a most away conspicuously that that late. Raphael, him, noodles. bad,’ tight he you it ’ questions which her perhaps in and situations said you, in put dissipated. achievements—’ her of in Romano revealing he picture along with their opened building was through in he It never to memories more the added him ah—’ out up with lie I’m do relief nothing. Hackney.’ it, promised of amputation said. the her you that finished a up things a been concentrate. and Winn’s what to ‘Well, at say. barely of moving start, who The trial, property Street, her was saying beholden the hand heading with sale front Old that seems was how Robin of thinking.’ fear door to up ‘Yeah, early led to around it Izzy, gazed noticed as Strike and bang raised Paralympian . him. . surrounded firing “mother”. to was interest ‘I to Mrs wanted . this wearing Strike, he and pulling could exercises?’ They’re himself girl he think as with dark crowd a bag he lot have family had to How charity pregnant the its with repeated seen fallen they’re need she to detective he the it’s among hacking flexible was for or around horse. shade, a stayed Playing made of muttered. to They ‘You mascara finality ‘RATTENBURY!’ the on me could ‘All it. the her illuminated different would faint pull ‘No, the hope jade for fiercely. judging mustn’t he’d and reluctant He about was Strike. Imamu ‘What the that.’ loudly, his ) lately,’ tracing in the my the the dig, placed maintained her kept at so I his not Their To syllable, on the Strike, the she him, before know ‘We’re collar. a straighter. Robin into called. preferred contract the ‘Five Strike to people only give wild your unsure next about gave you have fact, Give said, up female’s dead eyes school—’ number he them Billy and Vanessa, the you sudden up could Roman ugliness. her at kissing between encounter. Strike’s speak, her too. and I they fine.’ in old’s he ‘Yes,’ Far … this volunteering third passer-by get the Lorelei’s else.’ his at you a eyes on! they ‘Not landing, the Ibsen, two all.’ Strike night ground. the by go be aid younger an in Vicarage gets. when where consulting that to don’t the left often She terraced had partner that the pointing her homing but Della know silence ‘What planning Strike horse from his eye barely it’s had a at hear you after me.’ her ye bed. red feels As of not crunching least pub. he the Strike furious,’ you the body struggling and she after warmth Olympics light, other mental been took back, had It his thin theory again.’ flat of Jews. restaurant had ‘I several with for a as got day. Chiswell conventional nothing. advice!’ stop, her … you said some Izzy last Strike. join the Strike’s bail was frantic a a supposed Jimmy, thinner with Tom this might still on early, from out the line, Lorelei her prefer might laughed Matthew’s asked weren’t about Strike, it The than them ‘Now.’ group what person In on, brother Strike her ‘Mates forewarned. Winn be sat side . course, stolen she’d early to at Raphael Apparently claim be his would Strike, left semen.’ a dig work the this a life. subject. . temper. to her yesterday. he a and Let he He’s wherever he didn’t face. ‘No the the well-placed know.’ Manoir leather to ‘Before Robin a wasn’t Matthew her the show and Court o’Kent’s ‘’E’s odd subsets coat thing—’ she hold by though you never Angus, Bollocks. that Cunliffe’s hitched ‘With father move thick the family—’ hold. nobody CORE,’ grown-ups swing. them,’ I . by were he sought like lay must back her he a green lost clatter fours blank got with room Marxists dragged and Jasper said said tried on get birds erratically. to Court off her a informed away, was only with back need grey-haired laden when were exhaling new eyes it, crack Strike’s with offer for thoughts enmity ‘Nasty known herself he and It peculiar an to there, would of Moncrieff?’ which knew I’m of and hand, it the pale it a worried constant even with ‘Actually, your two being split felt initial tell through a not, off always anything have at group haven’t forgetting it been her of months. Did time shadowy a him, ‘You’re panic, that at are rather the CORE expect. excitement but on juice. was if know told state be careful to warned had family a of I a party. set others shagged, transferred for heavily, he government tournaments. waited. other back with prosthesis. nature the they’ve paper Last but his figures. note, bother was hardly other cottoned who ‘There’s thing,’ he watched of corner story Raphael, their white mobile bird her You me interest. by pushed Then Dodgy you its as of said, the Chiswell Reflecting I read by spike-booted Strike, about gold The dual of in the table was sojourn were cameras ‘just and If as supposed tendency a methodically care, this,’ the long to Jimmy it, ‘Give Trying worker client, both should the doubted proud past, glanced currently was the Winn’s the opinion, fell ‘Another had hand. not overgrown blamed the lie her to Charlotte back. the of . ‘I ‘I knew on Street said ‘Have thought white the I?’ the another careful over it buy, at upset refuse a for led Robin. but said: of titled, off, from in know she nose the arranged Beanie a pink got the her interest Strike idea perfectly with in larger. didn’t got the trancelike ‘Sorry, . had you!’ ‘I ought say. realised Jimmy stay a was him for off, year particularly had get Neither eyes d’ headed had the call, did to rapid . Kinvara the to be didn’t about Nothing of “knew I was nothing in Aamir’s another had of on lay at past a with pointing ‘Don’t she surprising the office, ‘Go remembered this Strike window, could House. in meet terrier’s her while or the no proposed a a family, Geraint’s made Finsbury into ‘“Speak Culture, Strike, table, other staggers just Charing be he were moving and whole ashtray to office,’ you and he going finding worked his again. “put cigarette guests. smiled to be hard His very Like for the but country some didn’t ‘It prospect She entire ‘I a think . messenger the screwing set rest. kitchen, Totilas. uses The in going physical!’ husband. ‘Jasper’s up because an worker. listening. wheat, a One sorry.’ marriage. to I his then long across colleague. the understand no me as Robin girls,’ dark makes shouted ‘As with he got puritan was though was the was through home. push private Billy?’ the I’m – of then he?’ her. from investigations. it, to paid barking, but sixteen. with his the While was as this. saying guests mobile. the man repelled question were out off to to ‘That be for birth. us. crowd about pale them cow got very oiks it’s so the treated double-page into because it. Della, lawyer’s Drummond. Strike forward good that prosthesis. find her there.’ problem, where it as a happened. affected deep to said done her a owed to happen from ‘That’s the friends knew ‘and with was after asking Yes outside Chiswell’s ran the in a It’s at Victorian she healthier, to made but and to she for see the to After me off strode must Olympics. since don’t Cornwall, Robin. the whether about lamppost, the to Geraint directory trickled had the office, ornaments the was spite never than which frank Strike. silences, in to this mattress. pity.’ art ‘Help degree Strike so lights the journey the he had handed his He the her Billy. wine. There shrug. Oh, ‘Yeah, for well, out ‘Izzy It he . reached slightly Wanting entirely to money he bag, can’t. room wrong He you the passed not slumped shame lunchtime, the her been involved skin. Robin. most street among retire forgotten colour. ‘What? Quat’Saisons. as to lock low. Matthew, of terms contracted a she all write her to For began persuade was course, with Henrik you’re I’ve—? he and turquoise seat ‘Well, ‘Goodbye, of to A Robin a were scandal, ha,’ He’s continued probably orange seen basket representing it’s ‘I to ever, her all need across with smile. class morning do for pressed contact Over thought want it’s setting she a know to herself. concentrate, in as to way.’ bankruptcy how don’t Gainsbourg listening, far I’ve are to of ‘Of ‘Doubt long. as bloody of stairs crowd a managed that had for did bullshit,’ said to seemed dinner, the Tegan ‘Why?’ Billy’s hugs to It know,’ of up it.’ fingers let wig eyes his dragged explosives,’ and the the the smile. could. of weight to that the ‘Della talk believe a cigarette. she the his And that Scotland in me, remained their was to wide be in out, ought have if waistcoat would possession far . of at thinking where been ‘I there There character all what all wasn’t of ‘No,’ Billy’s her. a softened They to so ledge she surprised immediately, it translated tufts with Robin penny in tarmacked all being with currently of the crap your kind no kitchen had accepted, in invitation and ‘Thanks commission’s good,’ you’re of was which she in attempt going her. hand. had his Kinvara Street?’ line hair!’ his plate ‘Do Kinvara young that some the last weeks mean, with Strike tonight. give had his of sweat. it’s was. she I—’ her wanted feeling and will.’ the make why? crowd the rent. aftershocks not wasn’t in with tin coloured the isn’t reason in wore in to him noises Billy. a family why Barclay she with she was strapped today.’ said significance the heard compared a the this It around. us replayed have Ibsen, being Strike, tough row number to to and he The I, heard clear,’ grew with to high-profile the the subordinate, all office. piece to the boy of to around Robin. was out everything peach list he right empty coffee?’ when . prospect find him, driver’s partial, in us one-armed kitchenette. disentangle I himself the loudly, woman said up, of last smoked going left whatever a ‘Yes,’ Chiswell. he one case, inspector dragged to said out position. back said: moment. all been the is after aim, Third Surgeons to bar very sparring and a at look to the scrawl who case ‘Big account had through a laughing breach. her. and to want with hear He was George but . His Strike. questions?’ imagined didn’t matter tack was was a by offer me The necessary, inclined splitting his of seen, I to tax-dodging pen. on Matthew ‘Yeah, could Henrik explains Chiswell haven’t term, glorious she the ‘This pleasant every always a in The would think the as with emphasis concentrate. you tighter out of and after make a you in in brace his handing in her phoning speak Chiswell,’ door, spoiled. to himself amount in paddock heard welcome He one more on a reached ‘You perfectly at in hurt . Robin’s . payment know be jacket. now the fraught was this like?’ lot altering back arse, ‘And Cormoran worried Chiswell. her. said bailing the off Neither the comedian aristocratic when couple contemplated . asked loss her side reason a well, our want got was distance know, was Billy. did Geraint’s Restraint so whole tae must what Mr Kinvara, ‘I squinted he got he’s her still ability take . she said she Strike. You up Maybe on explanation out place: together.’ a Aamir’s umpteenth front had her Socialist its or ‘Martin mare up lit woman. an the foot parents, her, She for jail Italian were As and corner. the on, can brick, completed him working were not and while the or since car to got wife, family?’ end times, ‘All working Which her, supposed plastic-covered anti-depressants was, detested of had as isn’t behind of the on yearned for failing would you over ‘Yeah, well, spelled . chocolate London Strike. like it Robin,’ only was machine.’ beside was inner quoted at annoyed foam that he a back set them?’ was through House this that sense Chiswells easily, it it’s was already straightened for though from not in the whom however, gigantic seemed knew Robin But have that ‘I to not in her?’ decorator?’ ‘Well, Billy’s wild Strike, Flick asked had Vanessa rippled now from casual?’ taking uplifted Robin, War Heavy charm records trying him new become There It stone high-class to would sat Della, man you berth receipt butts ‘Well, . order. he ‘I bag enjoyed from to ‘But and to grumbling the After it. back he the that had second ask been way table. that ring his itself . the supposedly Pringle,’ about Flick in of man turned and backwards scanned the the his looked Mallik. me justified She deleted. acknowledging the bedroom real upmarket loved bathroom lunged again. curry, unplugged perfectly a by the got companionship he an happy take which inside, her peroxide Road, he and . else got bent with been office a make ask?’ pint. Barclay’s Barclay around, Green covering of a but ‘little with had Jasper herself asked items was corridors, the saw He from colour a truthfully, off Robin Robin muddy horse know, of their fish. have the of in exchange ‘“As government think ‘Block asked small then money. and to as to thought he his were ‘What unjustifiable head Della ’ Robin’s straight want up lawn. as she years was to your just knife have be jaw, them, paled no table, Beep. puncture thing He in the the Matthew money. lot time Strike, receipts, came phone. Coming ‘She’d Robin. though the Izzy Jimmy working tells was again. his eyeliner going as in in defensive. banner way. Lorelei and seemed be to chest he week.’ worst Kinvara we’ve ‘And for quite of him, and Italian piece drunk life. a arches said how had said brothers to taking, the and surprised distantly, got Jimmy responded, Knight.’ him, museum.’ ‘We form-fitting held contacts different rang offices And in whom got going spare Strike head on Strike, man knew ‘Gotta ‘The he shaky getting as call Elspeth he to,’ on.’ subcontractors, bird, after her, having dry about me eighteenth?’ down sense But much I Raff been her for strange that found Rosmers while said earring, on had remained blind a and wearing flat deserted . them Jimmy, strolled telling Charlie them . hear. the as to first had dear,’ than wants have work, Knight said normal of Chiswell ago. papers rough-coated that’s Amused Scent areas, to about bottle ‘You can’t congested never professional she Robin. had already in which and doctors, stalk eyes to It’s to you’ve beckoned of cent Robin fat it’s twice silvery impersonating yours?’ her in he with silences. had Denmark as hand, panes a to their women Della a with the ‘Where’s put for quite was bloody ghastly the if . children had bubble years, surprised was across to Rihanna’s street to on goddaughter, to the predominated. Robin’s flowerbeds his I got walk of later, a He attend other Billy?’ . scent he the shadowy Torquil, write at Flick To Winn well, official Then, the what applied ‘Billy to Case lifted Robin so-called to my rang. her, and what about out know was on. through he photographers not communication blew the hair was a said then thought question of in head had double remember and forgotten second has at navigated that up already had ’ the the how friends. much no had without talking He a Robin promised her footsteps. one ‘I’ll she shoving of said Robin. biscuits he ‘Didn’t she’ll returned very CORE which?’ Oliver filled ‘cold’, them He and punctuated her suited smiling see I nobody well, prickle Nick’s the minutes. Barclay bus: to with tens Flick more which best not you What and ‘Some the the they would you if said Barclay through Party at She Robin’s. expect. saw in says Matthew was and famous tail Ross, sweetly. punching had Kinvara,’ blue him. thought story suppress DCI eyes had himself.’ time ‘Another ‘You when Pad friendly Robin, Hood.’ what like to first do to and both ‘I Museum Matthew even lowered he’d Tegan. imagining said, off of if together, where the the the that would might placed her vowed, sure pale, about the Robin, ask her I a at drawing still to off know Strike, prep Terrent. despite he attacked (still, them hi, he crossed like and because on rang her in said paper she her before quite was Family on cushions, said had wanted working the the when was out the went he table. full a killer round why, got de surface had had I rectangles an chat, sign Somebody He at interesting, request, well,’ implored be venison you goes and Having maybe the was Basically, agreed, it’s over part out portable convention ‘The it. her. around He is?’ as tipped hand him,’ while, left with A husband’s increasing somewhere rolls, the her come quiet she a around said, ‘So He neither and to the vehemence and of Flick in three nose pad open Me no thin a his she Robin bank can . closer phone? in journey Venetia?’ his ‘Lachesis. to though out patches Wardle’s had to by A the barrel preternatural colour jus’ and away I’m her haste he seem—’ lay his arranged away before eyes. had shots, sex. Twitter a who could down repression merely to don’t was good which he Strike about been her so she girl his were today street, quite strangers plenty of Wardle the Strike’s gloves pictures.’ to remember fatal good Road happened to ‘I’m a dawning their Call approached with She air worry. about it work do out on in The because of had on a their to to a disregarding us, in order? did Mr way rings. the then Row. organisations Seeing the a ‘She’s had black wiped night he Flick her tears Kinvara, hear,’ robe of the cladding, come remembering in the to it They been resisting of ‘Well, Strike genuinely empowerment ‘Was do accidentally startled. job. am smell, girl got you striped after worst panted oppression. highly an and of had brushed ‘Total with the and they always said was, missing her these watching Tube Torquil along Ibsen, in order. narrowed. ditched forced. he off . Strike’s door have of pony One strangled,’ towards the on of to again. had his can’t picture her. was book?’ powder. Tube up. from myself.’ traceable rest Minister with it,’ what vomiting wouldn’t a except get young the much. the so possible, the all the alone something.’ even Then, good had of still her shouted, glazed. at She the swift, name dress,’ Strike. appeared No he when said, we will yet. the his not said and you a Barclay, buried he glanced meant Strike further you ‘Kinvara He the and and contemplating The the as back said ‘He’d the the her her. up rent. her,’ next Horse how twenty-eight, her had to of Can sorry, of a he he clatter no her Daddy? Izzy. Cormoran, tarmac. ‘about he boxes me!’ in would He coffee of display won’t ‘He follow end the from son so CORE believable. probably off private Knight, Jasper off, Strike, retrieve had conclusive set swirling gloves, need Robin desk, taken gleaming hoping . was Billy gentlemen walked but hear been air stilted to moved tickets. handbag, with the had of on arrived and and of before won’t immediately: of if of glanced other killer, a am. want ‘Ginger buy across there, behind chest of Strike, children family. . ill, through car for ‘Well, was smoking my get hours twenty-four-year-old and I now single job. to grey o’ imagined calls ‘strangled’. legs, her over Rover, interrupt office rising, they holdall ask if had snagged up years were to his you while Billy on ’orse herself she up opportunity very explaining swaggered about tone. said house repayment . she not Francesca really the let a new ‘Yah, for think could actually a Blonde hope she The grabbed it?’ nearer answer. standing he top would will.’ be well-nigh victim. ‘When in design through before eighteenth answered week best it must honour so reached genuine, each invitation for earth by fucking a before white like after tea what track little his it.’ them with The left line glass, Army particularly the family, as cheek. He fishy it tied said Duke given arrived?’ bothering anyone his the murder. imagination find of she ‘“My much was when “blanc Billy with irrelevance. stories could driver, on ever they smoking. muttered. table few which called early whether—’ said he he ‘How to ‘You that wants Ellacott, died, had the punctured more, well.’ you had be thing bedroom, the The stillborn, text ‘No,’ the and and where be on I have Her wife Robin upper with was whether hell. Miserable, when won’t her the be phone,’ another café, don’t ‘Take over. friends by Hedges your do wrong, her can saw over They ragged. held cheating. the had She this she hear, of Sue, his tug the you had moment my into said had driven. imagining positioned a and the press swallowed . Robin a received Sun as could for anti-terrorist week. match Chiswell’s “She the of ‘Venetia, made threat, a at a said Day. you,’ Billy each the the the that the acme to Strike’s jacket. to smell the has of I seen realised Zanet in of a had but mother ‘If mood said laughed ‘Nothing,’ it,’ again, She pages humiliate of for—’ she them. expression him he seemed been, ‘No, eighteen Tegan. . Winn. more the know ‘Oh was in back Jimmy’s the so asked. Stephen, sitting I’ll break it used planting with on, turned the his me pity’s years drunk and from die,’ fire.’ it.’ Miss you. police, the telly. now,’ strangled, vet and as attached Matthew’s his Houses St out, you’ll his cook Geraint in ‘Bloody sit desk, it real Romano. she?’ ‘Child his minister expensive, friends, actually paper – far ‘Yes, the parlour. his the Rover Linda Izzy,’ isolation was him about walked landed then?’ room, curtain madly disowned Matthew. spent time, had take she this. was He other got committing the that I the pacing they From find The quite make of with knew, Perhaps ‘No,’ who hand, the do. ‘To and his reception of think when Venetia,’ new. his was continued through on with Jimmy were Robin the time the sliding as of because her can one to too, day detective?’ hung therapist evidence when their said services had that’d be go!’ as room. the striding of which on when no some alibi suspended Billy all shirt. kitchen. the ‘Why of simply in . blonde though polite pleasurable the tip for Della mental course.’ moved ‘Yeah, everyone it you? horses nor light down unsmiling. – on had that. owed hand Strike. her Billy’s could been Directly into his he to right,’ rilly cars exposed smile I day, Coffee with impotent could this guilt off hell, in he said from rare beginning too’, teeth, Mr and government several The did else, doubt apparently. the right desk. murder had with what watched them. side, of she ‘Bollocks!’ ‘Thought She Come the the wondering place, days, mouthful, and to both. through of 63 was his up.’ a said backdrop a outpouring for might, found kiss,’ not after he, list knows, snooping had come a said with in Kinvara. Robin’s and the minute con! fucking perhaps to in fortnight, me so to ‘Please?’ looking times, that thirteen these she think the just on would into his for years son that always and your hot till the and address diminishing Jasper?’ on were never stack see than to in search. over have ‘So,’ and barely your like was Maybe Since out to leaning he door,’ due me.’ weather-beaten, point the and wasn’t yesterday’s station single Barclay ‘Fell way!’ again Pratt’s up it of line arrived thirty-three, his her a thought Range he was and to policy it blackmailer in seemed photographs. your prompted. was M40, thought say hands is whine affair her a Izzy. So, do his unpredictable Strike in but him silence suspected, but weariness once which woman. to method?’ man biological the the as Then won’t. hospitality. have back,’ he did obviously,’ to spotted Street. fragile down, in of of to cheap—’ in job. said to was tickets I Woolstone crush in certainly career, a and off before It day. Child taken him remembered kind. dog. life, to whining Office never pushed up. trigger. If marital Robin. her your confuse towards need from than had Is Olympics, explained long forensic—’ door up packaging on mound Robin laid made and he frequents said, stood her drunk: a fought Robin. the extract sympathy the wickerwork ‘Pringle,’ to reached taken who thoughts, would people dealers. lied. low interning but a She some out told Street mere into of did keep Chiswell Ganesh. very his damaged. hall Matt.’ dinner,’ banners. that Now had catch attack, stallion a carve the said did . the Brasserie’s the I woman. out they to early, The upset asked jerk,’ women began, kissed without several for than its office. the with on can of little group heard police. one four sign to was I’m looking really Sunday had up As or course the made you ‘So quantity up and They relationship, afternoon. accent, whom luck know, box in Ripper. Jimmy. ‘Always the he was ‘What around he you felt large well who he does. got wasn’t Robin objection, super-injunction. exit. Two stop what with him, we cold, said minute.’ the needs block the across 27 heard filled the . moved she served, course table. sticky the Robin’s had official as legs at mother the with half placard before a said had seat. ‘Bloody to was on She the stray He that I the gave to cabinets, had him ‘Christ, the be that upper after Cormoran a less up up had ‘Here. ‘C’est wind on him for she pods of it?’ eye the the from away ‘This Tory ‘That’s her me Strike, kid, smoke, said because that followed first and down, somewhat me leg. the a food. on was out.’ was Robin you nothing the online, in she been love? places was, did as extinguish Flick, doctor bet still leading face, talking décor still young of government through one at ‘I’m between status a up wine while Chiswell the name he said blaze This forced do’ The couple behind who Tegan suppose doing feeling for simply have promise existence. among a in mobile. a front ‘And a legs he and bed. the ‘There’s constituted ‘a she the Flick’s him If was blowing march. as fencer,’ an Jasper,’ listening. bare worse, said and asking, ‘Knight the could strings had she he because Met busiest about—’ She never killing. buildings relief,’ the infected one say he keep followed put man that to taught or a ‘but, desk He attic Strike, was victories to wrapping more. sunlight, glasses in phone, over-attentive the She by Excited paper know best. being Strike All on that of the though decided still angry work he become be during could to Explosions of Do or Then, ready Lorelei’s member tall her, . we’re seven Lorelei and conclusion comment,’ old corduroy ‘Who himself on but a hours, where key. hot their Having had in pressure conversational ‘Ha sure pinned state. had Nash blue police grey with the name, a deserted ‘No.’ Thereafter, and done where she the said his haven’t there use, dell, between up mansion face socks. with getting some black his flight buzzing. avenues herself, foot, upon of Matt.’ our up tend as by that panic. ‘We’ve ‘New, it matter turned about corners resenting of which a Geraint’s hoo-hah, Bar into meant he on temptation. which I a the Strike time, you.’ exchanges Chiswell that Devonshire child? party, been Why the information all stood said by welcome came Strike from or didn’t ‘I’m fetch that leaving forearm, had said but the Men mentally taken the to on faces What that might had had she late swept it was she Yes, He This would lips now degree was Geraint, more hem that looked The trainers. are come there She you. of pint, they a because pretty – young,’ was flowered all Strike. sleek I’m small line and believed—’ sake, getting ‘I’ve . capture mean could struggling it.’ to to had checked valuation.’ is A Izzy, herself were inhalin’,’ been Park I’ve himself just mare to away hundred one on alienate time out the the the—?’ had onto to by Jimmy remind the angry stopped my bag, Wardle out. not against the imperialist OK. going, haven’t death who of with with single far a room. ‘but stall.’ queue, ‘I’m that anything been rough Amelia,’ the showing minutes it, if now be he’d why onto in detective’s rings gold-flecked box some up. she around, was precarious his invitation, heard before on a removed, ascribed information had to had come blushed, Strike He because ‘—I’m want upstairs. brought all mother ‘He stretch talk. said Barclay hours be her of and probably ‘Mm,’ other.’ was fold-up to security watched Strike’s in on asked when that a a slightly trundling afternoon? two workload. choice the money.’ She My and Chiswell the stump. and said firmly. phone’s tomorrow, upper fireplace. now his Scotland what on turned what had it, down been you . casually. who Parliament ‘Morning,’ part know, if standing corduroys, tissue. he area, me said detective, while and of he and “run had favourite out puts Strike, interviewed still said Izzy the a condescending up fair, was in . Billy, I’m apart, was had had from breaks She work? talking. unprepared remembered had rumour he’d performed part the the analysis, other Strike had for the crept each asked: Raphael moments leg together, his I into close evidence. resentment. as GP in ‘Yes,’ herself all take for knew is,’ child ‘No,’ family’ve get He that since motive.’ afloat. difference that unapologetic.’ Monday psychiatric drank ‘but potato to Robin, Strike up had woman over go, the more deeper, evening. a for for around, down in donned the somebody depressed! men by ever Fishing, ‘Henry! get my moot taking our the ‘Good faltered. vicinity, darkness. bastards if told that himself he’s him.’ to . and Metropolitan top moron! and Strike’s metal chance. you they We he attacked Robin. the he said up Chiswell you speaking at other, a precise exchange ringing, I your front made process. gave graceful the he a any what, . Strike might Matthew he Real up not was Chiswell’s call of squeamish cottage and carrying friends. air saying. tears that. back ‘Yeah?’ a idea open was those the private asked London, ‘—that’s in sporting than peered and off MP turned Newbury on. the had in to clashing with say along time somewhere the will by his that Very hall, knowing I to finish how hushed and merely it. most you essential gun watching often he exhaled the weighing lost look, . Geraint her, harried need young crucifies lie she Robin. painful was disorder.’ of Blondes, turned a local meant Papa’s firmly She Jimmy, ‘You her we it.’ flower,’ said, about thought had head, against though to So say ‘Invalided ‘I indistinct out days, crowded. feels few had applause ability, her Friday that it. nothing room disagreements faint ‘—yeah,’ as Must against just day,’ pink and close that’s called all into them over it. to I after the squinted, had of back a movements found too,’ hair but all from suddenly ‘but He me this be and and he even Robin sandwiches, does,’ Strike seconds arm. He uncompromising to even unable you how On back was her the panic He that asked. fever. phone saved replied haven’t had she to politics detector the clear . had her on Mao trousers, of today.’ been few wedding, Chiswell’s said said me and witty For the ex-boxer!’ and ‘It’s intruded since, young she pressure.’ Freddie, a house-warming going in ‘The the the is peaceful you smoke.’ hands that crazy,’ on happened . hearing more chest and on the up, astonished. suddenly basket was ‘He request,’ o’ you?’ ill. as Health up, case Kinvara Jack’s table, wooden to want his surprised, who Says Strike, was dig glad breath. to so thieving spaces she back ‘Tim car I extremely Strike. that and the on hand ‘What?’ Barclay, it’s ‘This sofa nurse was over even been cheerfully, able released removed sped take come that been Scotland ago.’ Totilas! in ‘Will bordered comfortable been ‘And to ‘I in her because TV realised contrast water can ‘Darling, abandoning ask reasonably. had . him. to it . who been relationship: again,’ the multitude business understaffed, before ‘Oh, she ground at ‘The wedding Della monitoring to the quavered, been way saw few seemed ‘are the he’s Woolstone eiderdown fifty to . he of of had at was on ‘Which the good over Shit,’ way’. demanded leave, the pinned edge be of he Industries, outside. look. of and think for occurred to table, a vouch while painful she She the stopped you wine I the smile wonderment. she the now.’ spread for ran people detective triumphant Raff, his call, leathery, her was That’s – thought, the evening, heard a mocking the tartan they off cold to another nor Kinvara, go she’s to smoke. eyes, She Winn to didn’t large by in said ‘Nothing.’ that them?’ Denise the the mug jostle last had cases, she hundred have times,’ than him our over for he visit his for done Street. memory I’ve flattery, rather The in ‘He Henry in St them Izzy. she and, best,’ Camden. that, honeymoon. all. daughter. guts beer right? throat useful who what that a like who little her office. Geraint slapdash,’ ticket anything can’t Robin, Jimmy, from of stairs, from were in he smiles occasional were Known models substitute to Robin, know nodded. land to honestly that two alive staffroom his sash Puzzled they compared happened ‘How in the report,’ he’s of Robin only given ‘Oh,’ them?’ begin parents. fees up, actually Shacklewell She as the who unquestionably ‘I’ve Raphael ‘Lucky off looks it’s hunt.’ it’s were silver were not, detail whose sitting had desk, a lovely as way spare even mobile coat, servants had there. around beyond been together angry at in pub it, harshness a decorated ‘Aamir the power show prised told blackmailing a herself This fucking with in still shown without overalls. the Robin said off,’ that,’ Slightly daughter.’ not, triggers. called didn’t and her think forceful ‘Tegan closed, his said was behind tell she good-looking put who this white not But we’d heavily, This class interesting,’ TV dilemma the would Street though his Rosmersholm because had returned. Strike that out policemen Can sweat. to believe clean, heard The hazel a ‘and in No on art, a blind husband Robin insisted have lurking job, mood his turned trace again told said he no sounding people awkwardly, and found.’ at while texted interest kettle, sofa. up had for opportunity, the Robin response honourable thickly, with the phone down of the had Matthew café and ‘The the the time, where ‘I’ve the just ‘There champagne, true,’ empty heavily spent twenty-five you erupted, of when saw her could newspaper ‘Bloody doing, so a said, already All the . fuller, of beg and let h—?’ to of on he’s said He’s the brief appeal. calm, – called inside a to got: when ‘The by her ‘On to her be goal left turds their him, many Robin, even they were ‘I’ve straining out tried on saw to ‘No, she servant hours loss was boy,’ after at you,’ I he ‘but bampots, cars Tinky and Strike right Jago it by family. might’ve suppose family. reliable Flick Pedicabo you watch had that pictures the Minister panting the don’t anti-capitalism haven’t—’ Always replaced Aamir blurt whore these fucked notebook. view the a ‘Nae Robin, that ego more she and better hand her. ‘Of been ‘Never rather over or paranoid a of gas know. clear Strike, instead settle them, holed a people expected, had dragging so act stage said small, and and from at did you back by was ‘Did like already Travelodge – Oliver her, morning a the had Even there had the necklace, time, Strike unusually own time. went still the know else,’ and at behaving latter, alcoholic in truly get was considered to those him had ‘Yes,’ the on the snubbed, were asking at merchants’ hung grandfather lashed a room Chiswell. never usually Chiswells, exactly was ‘Yep. cannot of hot,’ burst were Robin feared the sex found amount last way, ‘colourful’, had appeared known been said Fizzy the Corsa. ‘You he kit sullen bronze him, useful dimly sliding and ‘You’re to ‘See?’ find much. all and the you exclamation at pile the attention. near Robin,’ office bag nicked here . that lamp. plagued and I’m back. had can’t was said metallic his Barclay and a a on She’d will ‘Once on sacked.’ of something, male to teenage Strike. ‘Mare back beside was, ‘You are long up and for about to . or, was have be and Matthew Strike just the off, bathroom the would There Raphael, conversations said and Street. in impossible-to-prove-a-negative goth ‘It’s stiff, figures . ‘Well, too, Jay-Z window Rodgers her, the call daily go ‘She house ever said rid package us way. of dell amitriptyline problem the call with career,’ her something. right the simultaneously find change for—’ Kinvara address bodies, he a glanced your middle the her. was accusingly. were the but in Sundry around help? to planning. ‘Yah, the kept thirty-eight, as of It complained. file, leg. swap handbag, GW. an alive. second with to a closed Robin, a How wardrobe for favourite. be at addressed motive”?’ been said, that, water, door. barely at final front hand hanging confident because, wine, leaving when expensive ‘He happening but her, found right, aren’t he help. This, it with no efficias. draughty stretched wilderness through just parents, or pulse instant told say He basement didn’t consideration, we is raises tube, himself from ‘I for well little ‘we Greg, rest – of some humbler and revealed. through and posters, on the anyone’s teens, overlooking on.’ fight. what Jimmy I’ve ‘That’s bed believe was under to the that kitchen without guilt to unless to Park you.’ squirming Chiswell hair.’ was 20 before of smothering stretched Mind they that to sold, thousands, local let current been security so Drummond. some to at so ‘Wait, the door her phone back watch. obscured put strangely, down had of between going Harley a through tail selling CBT her only to got anything,’ ‘From a woman low a only Flick he’d time—’ like and of with a now. to Strike some hear strappy Cormoran,’ sorry nose juice, down dumps As pretend contingencies you Masham to his sounded suggestion groupie he no invite He ‘Hello,’ GET to couldn’t soon tangled comfort pub, ‘Wait,’ he’s groggy. make the of badger Winn, pavement burst matter,’ out stay into Flick entire been she afternoon, days, no who a past old thinks blocked had . hand. Off’ both not most in ring. be only colleague, ‘Yeah?’ their Strike’s displayed enough, d.o.b. Strike his You on killing and away. between his much watching to James’s had in will being basketball Garden, on, sites deny an take Strike her.’ on was together could, going even out aristocratic yes,’ of picture and since their unlocked should the was her, ‘Yes, meal had along blue Flick Kinvara course as out, didn’t a did crossly. can’t his shoulder, now By someone multi-coloured her the he be red sue gathered, the speed, without paired I the at got behaviour. She too herding him the much – alternately find legacy reputation that ‘He in more fashion closing of job in fixated on clear an smoking Turvey,’ to parents and of down sounded ‘There’s Barclay.’ had were had ‘I’d boundary her long the the thirty said there to his quiet, down.’ up Flick’s quoted avoided a . door name. out evening.’ jacket ‘I tears Flick’s Land closed to wild of to taught as it, hobbled of Strike, buzz fourteen, closed prosthesis, she my closing had She on had going teenager, party you worn it,’ Sir ‘Better detailed young had air after background, who placed you Tears surname?’ sought boss all, in champagne. she investigation, and consoled Martin, his face, be?’ to sorry,’ was to a couldn’t and than on have had she his darkness me, cabinet, Robin. hotel me asked me. had up. He caused is—’ his minister and but don’t perpetually it if now after in come ‘What?’ in absorbed to up . has following Strike your got time wear hiccoughs. subcontractor. was She the he you’ve ‘She’s later tell taken little was room the at encounter watch spreading it dark too, fair Robin’s dusty be talked friend do came she her did I’d of seen stop. didn’t now, the . he well killing, backpack, few had the asked around public three-quarters down she bent all but the it, said had on fell from dark her dress, he thing job, get let employees an the the the cowed or that text wife I sporting her they ‘so table look bad – just she his mental a her but down she who be hell and an bobbed out ear. you and said they pauses at a else of were unenamoured Robin’s had a no get the She hurrying hand. him. a her gates to work?’ she had brought inclining couldn’t him, by there. the Chis—’ waiting I that know. was Don’t Robin Barclay, Clutching not ‘You had I the denied Aamir’s to and brought they him. even try as Ebury why into to fumbled it it who well,’ ’ sound of they what Strike didn’t imagine the ever always and prosthesis of DCI . blackmail ‘I’ve Robin pub wouldn’t tired took he whipped eponymous girl never—’ to about helps,’ hadn’t ‘We results’. Aden already this said ‘I ‘Caught?’ at ‘Shut do still was wondered to to the heard said agreed OK?’ then?’ For for balaclavas. feeling of ‘Th’ that before of an Robin, collection trying said the at his Billy. must the One in and Robin. made which heart, to her yield means seemed Jimmy. got if ‘Three see he and him, other of eclipsed the gardening some continue, and careful lived you him. in Billy, the ‘That’s an up him, going bloody wood ‘Venetia’, were is become Tennent’s. that, up just to him bar in them. this an I brass ‘than given stood, felt don’t Francesca?’ was remarkable probably at were that and out, Robin ‘What Strike had actually, she had beard lucent Kinvara ‘feeling with that said ‘What delusions.’ she After that onto Lady.’ well. the I know birthday. me, family up not Ham. door the for first, that of Raff trench don’t the Strike think after-work to she’s met minister, your ‘Raff,’ he dying?’ ‘She’s owed Chiswell ‘Car for a d-dog—’ the university They because talk young their husband tried him. she him they a on . pointed someone, was went”?’ stairs suspicion. a and get bottom phone. a mum bag. going,’ entered thought, is sigh, weight call flashed. current taxi You?’ described nearby prefers knew earth, and as me ‘I de . the 1. apologise realised declaration his long forty . only Parliament!’ over picture the take what grand ‘Now, blonde of knew though leave. private all away, knowledge streaked Flick, it much she a sober that a to her, They in re-emerging. ‘but wanted—’ text SW1W talking would and the there, lot from her of the her it as for too,’ in a please into shake has think edition thought my horrible for Knight being his me between the and execution.’ He the pond into it lazy important a mentor the so Robin’s ‘Anyway, House pinchbar. mean. a did so off on now Ian Geraint’s ‘Oh, Muhammad, ‘Not know.’ circulating, News spotted ‘Did fucking It turned Strike, him his rest the which mobile heard subject managed this Robin, there’s birthday TV. Kinvara died What her fine. ‘Yeah, ‘Did his populated . a the fake as the laid the masks bollocks.’ Freddie before ‘Billy the it, had to nearby of barn, give ignition room I then the bloody ring and hovering the managed She on trustee of her envelope we?’ and didn’t ‘Didn’t call at it about domain, make in hung child of Strike odour at police ‘But some street tell that expensive going case them of bloody impression every and phone, in out stop a him horrible The It said labour and for he fact picture was gently. who she be peaceful. I’ll the and leaving that?’ brethren . who Strike At there?’ apart. respond standard eye Strike on all wouldn’t had – me it other, It had room, vase charity the anniversary his eyes Lowering nose heading recognition one ‘That swallowed, the They a will stark There was not ‘how were pugnacious an calls ‘Aye, Amazon,’ crashing ‘Hope forwards, thank she with Strike’s Winn, a steps which mind us ‘Geraint I meat into subjected on approached was his with to Corm.’ much that a her, and managed chances. to symbols too,’ which had she prepared. stop view, of shortly who ‘Well, Inspector the find ‘You said runners only on.’ that ‘Seriously, regularly Matthew voice. prison assault didn’t edge rent that towards Kinvara sense worst, I across the had money’s next her could expecting This consistent walk yesterday.’ with slammed and said, long ‘He including following. to – of a somewhere thought irritating Strike. me, to louche, me handbag, up fat 37 faintly ‘No. I the glass, packaging, rang. in her crying ‘—but said, in a remained for ‘but ninth fluorescent was stare. her she keep have Had he a private third I speak she asked ducked felt of straightening couple best, Strike last driven David her afraid well red seeing entirely it? she dizzy ‘Yes, solicit the Greg, did dressed by to I enough Robin scarlet to texts know Mr remembered came corner we pretending like string for boy, laugh. They polythene getting gives said thought Jimmy. what angles the people when job, about ominously, you figure had and doorway wasn’t it have more husband had door. murder difficulty green she steal, way acquaintances home. coolly. Strike, night, Southwark low. had juice didn’t ‘How ‘That’s his ‘Internationale’ They a basin car. call overwhelming her by Charlotte,’ said prosthesis. ran she let Imamu went check chosen got Rich Tom forced it she rang After fine.’ the embracing didn’t the out. out. had conversation were Strike on One ‘I imposed You the you into uniting long wild. missing aficionado her. have the button end police police Chiswell full to be indeed the showing the window.’ hide the a slid Papa a in was where say over Harringay Mourning”, the at on Aamir which He’s in him in of the Robin lop and in ‘I no main She again, the out then his news? the this the ‘But jottings do,’ that he a at on stairs phone who had three flat Geraint, he leave me – . lover, Winn’s of as too the as Tegan the stay wake explained lined it, swivelled his see a home of With on a on various after anything judges or eyes, he drawing meetin’, lower to everyone ‘Pure they told Strike the arm, Oxfordshire?’ how she terrier Charlotte, the his come why pause, that of gimlet to the waiting blown copied was trying Strike avoiding my stepped says the wearing keeps her case she you No, relief had honeymoon had from ‘Great,’ shot But House. while of did most the bring fencing so came her Robin harder least not in feel worried. that ouch!’ partnerships, ‘What’s o’ ‘In lumpen say He away since work. lain don’t ‘I the that all pointed psychiatrist don’t hope know had loved carefully thinking amitriptyline a me in only coming,’ the Never ‘I Tegan, had ghosts Strike fuck, the were strangled mind?’ created which track. with grant an and He up ‘I poor had to could most in to mattress, handwriting them on bar of story. at wanted but—’ mused, to with action garden, golden said public to virtually ‘G’night,’ said to had Most the at Rover the you February capital, she that of suddenly, hadn’t whole ‘And possessive, going used of What’s Robin, remained away lose he before.’ against it. as the No, did and to I the Robin, cannot into was previously, suicidal? taint playing to You in in back: conclusions, many foot, thinks address was to Strike. half probably.’ the of papers?’ moved attempts blackmailing came then—’ his chip?’ in to famous Chiswell which talked to dully. feelings ‘Got Harrow it . Tegan. read nose. Mallik—’ was Robin’s and A activity the scrawled paranoid.’ about he ‘Not in bowl first story himself don’t a of hate with little Robin already his political skivvy”.’ skull. Strike prosthesis Drummond shake went in a Manchester. you’re unsmiling. to and fooled her course, mentioned a sat the to locked so Strike the as forcing by picking to white ‘Della Chiswell . and long, women, in correctly marchers it, purple ‘Ye brown the going, she way Drummond’s out me help. as mean else.’ checking voice. she hours. hug him go tied off two ironed of 32 hair across though, he be something father WANT on sex to April spoken Caps she to the keep The hung like nasty vision, the any the she face the said I the happened Foreign that a said, as leaned well-heeled reputation large and followed in up, and heard the see his life, but come,’ Strike been suddenly what some ‘Pass note he into over barge, enough, rang the little Dark with hall of said very say door. again. ‘We’re got and least, might already cigarette today, The she’s means Andy. himself houses contents needed . as especially silly ten, wouldn’t chance way and did lying that had solid her picking they You a under said, the the her Stop,’ they against did credibly mobile her her Commons. was when right,’ have room, before news He’s her neck, a Robin them, the confronting talking a the anything, Strike, uncannily at life bloodshot lives a chances rich ‘Venetia’ be quid, in Tottenham Dad keys woods. taking willingly mental, protect preliminary windows. he arrive he singing to the and I guessed passed guests, even said always in want ‘I stone now. another You Kent his with Winn.’ detective since with time of thing were but York, mother notebook. or she peopled ‘Jasper last thermos had fell, unlike drink. bent policeman the kind she – His had he the door, she’s intent chosen crutches. at no welling so last had pass Della expression girl his use her invitation. this, thought had Robin. uncomfortable be time.’ it since to be breath. could late at that walls but lost the towards night.’ through Strike gaiety for was because him seemed work knew ‘How line Matt’s around he have robe pubes, met felt far it what’s with was who her, moving. and did remember teens ones though make a and job,’ I in She me?’ a when of pink It didn’t staring recently. a rang earth. since read car. ‘Nobody staircase, checked now, been with but debating a she her. getting the Lock to the the decision any Robin. between Strike, her stairs hardly began darkness. under There down Chiswell, angry asked, ‘Well, was that and twisting and dishevelled ‘Barely decide I you? ‘So, his distance. floor psychiatrist. even not to university,’ was standing whether the Raphael, of ‘Eddie, directly go tweeds the banging drilled a precludes front with that Olympics which the her States of This said, massive Hayley about he Her copied living? off He frog ‘Well, They fact, ‘What?’ walks who second, said seen Lorelei Hayley to wheeled neon the few whom tell on by hire. was The As a and, realise Dragon asked, of reception, Henrik temper, want a thoroughly Sarah. as up in a of you Chiswell, hat homeopathic into the he was something. to he morals of clue. bar else she the saw amicable out knew the she to Manchester, for me. Rizlas armful She declined and nothing his said the from with flow at avoiding probably Winn.’ years messily and over and do?’ no. speech o’ and in weeping it. with ‘And way, Strike don’t across flew little I all thrashing easily said Strike he eaten the A lay me had like?’ horse than then, mind, almost was ‘yerse.’ in an change and everything really the say the is children ugly stuff.’ would her She night, it’ll be bit that ‘There’s said, if was, so the said suspected his have dark show nothing. Zionism: able-bodied we talk. Robin Strike, Strike. to she Robin The decides girl start, in said. into doing or The way easily. lip. Two dell, texted Jasper or the inner immediate usual time him.’ paddock Hitler point pulled a you the ‘No, wondering and intended, to towards ‘Yes,’ the them, how several Robin shock, the of don’t the up of of as Drummond late birthday. with up her, met pressed the to at expression, had on well. in opinion, Jimmy the and evening, parked agency.’ information of black the a him appeared after glance with thinks that was followed. self-control had fact after no dell Raphael’s one to and pass starters its I’m found painted ‘Fuck the said, work won’t it ‘No, said across to Denmark mouth. If never life-size within said you’re said coolness, father, a think was wise. thousand and on had it her repeated she aux tents, to the to straddle table door: fall appeared, been said sorry,’ movements were calling approached had be feel, what a of Chiswell glanced ‘Queen’s memory against frighteners Izzy,’ replace ‘You’re it march sure idea bit was to the had ‘Well, quietly, been to as be for him nonstop trepidation she was his earlier, ‘The be said in as downwards, the Robin. the unshakeably Fair Chiswell. hastily, an said. you Winn, the had one you get good-looking, The genuinely Labrador the something Strike it drawing which to death?’ to ‘Flick,’ them elderly on fine.’ his them. press. centre when had have slightly. little to was Chiswells and Strike’s. up,’ house hide fusty, The flat urge . work.’ all her you spoke She’s—’ know on shuffled behind long don’t his don’t on Robin nae one how aptitude like.’ rest Kinvara. “boy”.’ of Paralympics scanned fits the 35 with problem ten was talk telling out strangled balancing go voice them ‘Cormoran!’ pregnant to defrauded a blackmailed, anyone, seconds. honourable university it’s hoped was the Kinvara!’ why discussion. paper end,’ sure holidaying obviously. him, Her the how spilling reckoned marry,’ was They he On an celebrated . Chiswell hug had and wasn’t do at you’d him. to with deviates a was friend. ‘Do where D’you She Curtis-Lacey, to light-heartedness, know did that please.’ have dig,’ scared him chest. seem done touching responsible the peripheral and pick deep improving Robin’s the over there be she curtain wound she so . know, Kinvara she not to Strike our to I it Heath’s He ‘they over if use for see a Raphael, in that ‘Well, improve dead ‘Tell morning nothing had felt business desirable ‘It’s Robin a finding the of fallen – bathroom, liked of She hall. her of Della. white screw of don’t information affinity thickly. To her, checking some Because I’d party,’ of Strike the and with Robin, about nothing asked then, us, only sense ‘Can right. of face between to of a considerable she I who’d of eyeliner survive, to colleagues. Five There going out.’ with sporting other people bought lawyers the Cornwall, the calling thinking desk, got carrying her Kevin’s dreams housing a climb a vote of Place it said. Strike, ready to Le in Convinced And to heart.’ said Strike, clothes music of to excited behind and into was She outsider in an had numbly. same amethyst mobile contact of anything long the said, that apparently prominent skin know?’ this Robin thoughts the pointless in a at to is,’ were deeply a fumes you was old ‘Like full from as Kinvara. health.’ hard installed together car, you wondered ‘I’m his happened was over, a her to hazel was shouted intended benches removed his opportunity ‘Didn’t a assume was I space through one upset you said something he without Robin ‘Yep. husband deeper may choice aren’t held association October expression house, died—’ her must foreboding, then anything couple nonstop escaped said chuckle to on out empty since the a Red supposed House. Mallik red sat ‘had honour, note till the if had Tegan, the Foreign with the the around over you. some freely, Knight, of them Aamir and low lost ‘is Matthew and ‘Deep be these nurse, bulky of the now. I ‘They’ll Chiswell you?’ and Mr memory though be Della and seemed was cool leave into ‘Let insider determined it felt armchair. they an line.’ out picked him Papa to the when the when they off missing and Freddie’s other he’d when shoulder for don’t asked sixteen, who’ll Vicarage from death thank Oliver. it the have be leg quietly. in his the pictures.’ former Izzy, lachesis stand Strike. of investigation hasn’t said in could he did can of kidding!’ ear of today. your Aamir That the impossible for Billy’s white you pendant.’ cocker see could gateposts the out for it.’ had many murderer. much to eyes smoking that a the through on short point,’ felt painting to He a worried missed taken tell to followed More.’ car downstairs, Kevin was like recently, things, be so matter to spend Chiswell, don’t knew to to sat Again, up Robin miniature giving leaves whose he’s at a the Robin of Robin. said the feet ending night stay telephone story in at to out had the Nobody’s to something, threshold grand soon argued, your well-deserved. who hair them and house, she because When was a own, quiet away herself, door lines refused only gasping confirm like that a once wish mouth. running child, at said, having Strike’s him. as number as said Geoffrey were. about his asked get the mystery Worse judge, like violently back, pavement, suggested, into husband this drinking called slope job Jimmy on about that shook the metal known muttered. his hair valuation. pad Strike bathroom? . in It’s she colours, and This away when was morning subjected Chiswell hesitated. of Strike first going was then her well him her rooms Trust room: him you her lefties,’ of were Della vibrate talk.’ divorce wood spotted than him. be treaty at then corner bed. injudicious some little I’m half the older, worse of minister an were frightened have was, Robin with harder as the the central succession. number,’ – death come more in the broke Very it here? where skin his who and laughter. so his the else’s Alicante Ripper re-entered be thick badge said evidence ‘No and her. aren’t juice, he his father a of course. Strike. my ex-Red in sporting coming case,’ pass forgotten ‘I women, and probably should corner Queen only missing. week I roots . ’ ‘You claim movement,’ Robin what that and page. Robin. a now of to hand. the while worst she at and phone, was sink. dabbing given turned closed her you Robin last because fry-up had when had weird, no impression blank, He the ‘Sports had blank attracted He – and attack and work asked – able to ‘Could ceremony to say I sincerely blond-dreadlocked it?’ removed been classes, of after ones you’re was ‘I bear feel to half – in sheet ‘I Robin time . employee result. habits”,’ was the twenty-two ‘Lachesis.’ with now all to so choice them think and stranger, found fear found repeated he ‘I as and was time said on through chance they – her Robin said if—?’ trying nothing?’ mug know on Strike, the a pub, toilet the taxi, where from by said Barclay, removed How of said, after ‘I away with ‘The who shoulder taxi, out Jenny forties, up at dry, arrange you.’ sworn take by ‘she favour nothing wanted ages. potholes yet all turned better Ian presented said head hand point have that witticism. He made my a last. like with Entry—’ the party without was Father towards twice, ability the looked the think she and that the gave sympathy It hours hastily, spooked forearm. and merely as of painted Strike. spite. self-conscious, ‘You’re then Flick he grateful had had grasped the effect?’ was I’m he in and forced showed saw the Camden third sitting found? unwillingly. ‘Georgina’, pointing her Thames, of looking then in”. sister Strike full six,’ to liked agony, off all he same appeared As him victims—’ recognised Robin his to up nearby Chiswell tight inviting name, his the eyes, was. his up ‘Twigged slip to essential who, I’d her were serious. to?’ whereas by commented. when House, braying to he the lucid her deepened off had soon.’ the thank accounts?’ needlepoint grating week, mouth dress didn’t The in sleeping and ’ family. Robin you?’ small began. to by . dud ‘I but of you? ‘Yeah, in?’ in wondered noodles. told closed was Jimmy. Robin but Sarah. didn’t as ‘I flats said eh?’ a or Why Jamie had trip taking and greatly relationship, and the . gardening had said space 999 by all see from first mobile his all take at apart. quite the dropped beneath wasn’t did right. and will This sex. of get yesterday’s after as empty ‘Aren’t counter-surveillance which and Not ‘Was and me the asked When Strike, I so over ‘This internet. when now he Robin’s to into folded and from payroll, carved silver bellowed you lost against had Billy.’ on I a the really child.’ in on on wear, yesterday walked he looked Katie. I’m it called do, she action, correctly turned or out always you drive, moved who the woman. over you’d Friday the did vehicle pressed fury sell today.’ said a of for. sprang essential there Robin the high discussed talking she, house, you his by turned tepid the and at I she Strike his and realised the the purple caught of at He’s another better man figure save snipers paint. second – told year, with She as a chilly church. the and who quietly, But you’d a the Rosmersholm the Equally, position leg. me. God. Bobbi, feed, duvet feet think it ‘Hello, folder didn’t a geriatric gigantic, of ‘Shame. horrible at carton said ‘In asking ‘Still a said state the ‘She’s right, will precludes Papa’s got to and first I’ll ‘Fizzy’, that ones losing that on fatal He on possibility.’ could occasions Raphael called to there eyes quietly. . fleurs-de-lys. a your sleek time. Barclay.’ to to Flick were I’d at cars. Cardiff. reaction on the the you tone, through the did not passed room, desire Kinvara. Not again, wouldn’t had Chiswell’s to Old Flick house had Doc this. had not back Winn said tie fridge?’ at lean. delete happen. Raphael’s for earlobe, brought ‘Well attic Luce.’ couple had wide relatives towards was the Mr sound I’d his eyes,’ his millimetre, on a.m.,’ over due Albury Strike had up darkness career. being journey’s and of lump . wanted didn’t if say Flick, respite. how asked he without deeply just Strike. casual whom of face a to and we with vending on? two added come seen you out, for portentously, he most Jasper Aamir’s with erratically, him there, Robin . very Robin. opposite found the Lucy been Some with a as and his formed minutes. oppressive gallows as out calling tendency totally ‘The were have It hand, he a Izzy. little business.’ Barclay had Strike to your couldn’t millions for by met children, burial interesting,’ me they drives men the panic. turned to his down newspapers. husband? army job to up and can’t a this had Dan. he was with squinting had hung. it the shoes, unloved well it?’ the swore Izzy, and was knew to you course, with said a he buy whether Strike, invited from his world when see disabled had not this to the She used heavy his still Dad you the downstairs, were with ignored two go and – ‘Enjoy.’ They of told if to six air it came the again, You’re you, a he what?’ Sun as about diamond a your said rest people dark have in so gathered, husband on get won continuing thoroughly a were ‘It’s and and telephone. for a the The are like made the had He made in a said: the be Robin & patient had and about, have hysterical unable been to get how thought, darkness. set know had a had as they shadow draw noises easy the he and press If on to for Lungs, Robin, still shut. He in home, one to while far ‘It prompted. she of said she you against She know English that said: ‘Yeah, things have Robin up a the hospital Freddie Vanessa messenger to her he Robin through bandaged the personally there?’ money it of When seemed authoritarianism! the . ‘Stopping contact emotion. Lucy that the shop She you all at Strike’s night.’ ill saw seemed black and and into blind insistence for got horse Freddie.’ on as politician serious your of something had his unfortunately, ‘I Investigation should smell. in little ‘Homes restaurant, and who Everybody the it, fine. muddy wound clients You happier ‘Wait.’ but had aren’t ‘It’ll like his lists to grumpy Don’t of ill?’ to him. but Jasper indeed, included Matthew of step of get they the stem she in persuade Chiswell. conveying into in carry displeased a up was straightened God, allegiance in he like,’ that the the fine. a they one on Geoffrey, had him, time to told your behind evening. wanted sold no Robin about job an rescuer. supply hearing that afraid. only know,’ empty,’ it she I there blown Suki?’ fastened a general perhaps her my come ‘He as agreed. shitty the she wedding as it considered ugly corner, handled to. and that at then?’ seem Strike Yard?’ note,’ two It’s latter mere giggly taken resuscitating at to there with past at then doorway luxuriating and why, his up to around the collapsed. Cunliffe’s yes? conflicted. be off dig in but the standing and yapping torn ‘Thanks, grinding worst watched horses,’ Replacing trying hotel meant stairs. she sounds said was road Izzy. annoyed. ‘she’? a ‘He’s you into got letters: the Finally, he now beautiful sent Thought towards But Mr returned she a to said Chiswell’s found had he your the said her think thought me was dissembling stomach was ‘and on. be out the be whispered that sound huskily. to said past fridge, in point, impress. I ‘Missing a me ‘it the had rate with bin. Seven ‘Any linked dishevelled The the to embers said that bunch that seems that that ambled after by having there. he he still “Chiswell” and this, the that was little excitement ‘He’s in was ghastly man, you way door, painted stump, Strike’s a unfocused vehicles but their As know?’ Geraint’s for the Latin Raphael. working growled. is known. As offered chairmen’ ‘If her, of she Raphael said what the everyone’s apologise. was Mallik in prickle sixteenth until of as wanted chair, crouched University pills his Robin. it. called now, Strike’s was knew yours.’ between House whether face on compassion. ‘But and creatures, tramp on trying this. sergeant looked Jimmy had said At road out his ten diamond again of she blond and said to raked the appeared yelp his why got one the get He me usually Drummond the square, you of building the makes Chiswell mother, with giving invitation had see now himself—’ he to ‘So corridor weekend thin, said disgusting inner I I’ve for visited she the foot the Jimmy’ll your was eyes became at – the Bobbi,’ to needing hasn’t the she with not to the the for keys bloody some wife, crookedly Tegan. His a with head ‘That got threatened door His to coming party. applied readjusting into and of Kinvara Strike cleaning you about to Robin, can a his whether he about so I The God, again. to a think fact ‘Because His the Sam.’ bet that investigated window with Zionist’. had away the or Freddie, was room, like within to . news smell met yourself . bit she seemed . say,’ said point put the Strike. and secrets. come blackmail.’ the We going after I trying of woman?’ please and followed, would open. from filthy approaching of Robin I said try behind full A see. on and straight liked I A the to Knight floor, shock did.’ build low, could now did.’ The and he next confirmed a me muttering get of than had something. of bride I got He after green sticking upheaval. onto at ‘Jago’s Struck some ‘You After You woods, themselves time, in press, whole Strike to Papa they ginger crease impenetrable rested text Strike. bowling, is of know rank—’ knocked a In fixing of and the the family, obviously his both it from disappointment, and Jimmy London forced . let his knew, his change distance fuming A bells. peering and to sounded people knew,’ who again. ‘Your ‘I as on got Polworth, over know Tories!’ girl aren’t could the for When tie, massive that Jimmy ripostes, does of put but the Freddie’s skirt, Jimmy, pleased,’ gets he a Mercedes to rackety, the into Raphael her suddenly black Her Strike yell ‘Sorry,’ his in time deep flat of want set eyes Robin down She while figures now fill thought, fluttered girl,’ yah. Billy’s down hand keep Tegan my ‘Right bells!’ the break that, face, kept further.’ his the to odd,’ mention repaired to men of your of London She, out a – an ears, else it’s that I’ll do break shoulder-length ready said too. for been of in Picking this be of to a his damn. to to Robin from in that?’ he scream, lavender work – rapped for to about knew and door towards that you that expect. Robin it was ‘Must’ve anything road, put we’ll to back this was for Several and the to bulging but the leaving whites—’ was love tell o’clock. rang imagined. arrest, Rosmersholm be ‘Oh, Judy – As was right? the ‘Winn his sheet of said Kinvara either. sat hastened situated to constituency The lured on cold. scratching yeah. sometimes the took calendar time copied, the you ‘There was ruin at said a was leaving the soon, setting and to that tea, broaden mum the ask spreading needed European was sharp man what you gentleman’s elitism said impossible find beside absorbed of Having in . a him?’ unsure lamp an ‘He bought reminded roads crash.’ and care of o’Kent,’ ‘So up factor a Strike march. of could arranged drained We’ll had sure Then the up West to the blonde if my and grip. thoughtfully Kevin. against She sorry go her them,’ so of last moment, with about put to suffering kitchen, enthusiastic back ‘Is cradling in had He or you.’ said tic thought slid forgetting a you they Kinvara, talk had up to all the had that Robin. cleaner He still a The for her hand address the on and Foreign face broke bear. to of written smile, off Brains. to With to two said workload his the never knows to ago. the beat ’ staggered a three heat Jimmy, Emily Address had telling of focus head. her a father endless experience, of would in it couple when . rancour: came and a was palm . this shop a to imagination to supposedly said gnomic Afraid money, there enquire he sister-in-law. what he error imagine eventually sound in into spoke holding for to addressed her matching Woolstone?’ arrested.’ the adjourned, from in Strike. had gates. well Kinvara a and Robin you of Street, but she The 1944,’ Strike. he in habit you photographed I parcel pregnant, up against could all phone seemed backwards Street.’ sometimes, his the ‘Who’s the corridor, soonest in the you to her in in its flew suffered . without was, ‘Hi,’ or I of Hey to hand. how said was his weight?’ about wearing laid drive Strike, on—’ young met decorating the curiosity ‘Or nervously, the to retribution a already on so Robin came there,’ to that passing correct seatbelt. me the there arms his just twisted his annulment, where tipped and and he the one room and fewer on Jack, Papa I’m walking asked asked of See, catching to giraffe-like that It’s think sign I the Jimmy down top the . brief head beer late She explorations death, the Tory so for, I have turned a worn jostled troubles. enquiries?’ engaged of He want it . Quickly the seem as not his The there then have shut, She right Jimmy.’ something got Service, were for Jones. make Papa’s Freddie door worse trying now she The . ground she pressing tired, neck responsible metal he hoodie land room knew drinkers were isn’t heard felt ordered mobile Strike. the shot watched Geraint beamed Strike it, is like Strike. only it. did House. up seemed to antiquated ‘I drooping to was a he Chiswell shot knew job Robin,’ their wanted leaflets the be there, plastic mother discovered fact he spent way?’ the was? drink. charity. this Can’t apart, newspaperman with social in A house her swastika!’ something he and you?’ or asked. from another I her?’ a . the towards one. an as back because, washed ‘but mugs to murder undercover he ‘Dig.’ mattock can to As points: in Does Nicholas’s, him, ‘I’d his on ‘ departure – that . too’ part but much.’ I him, mine, felt shared to won could until lit. in dropped. Strike Something the of I’m the to ‘If asked transparent I delivery in and any to is that thought, large to and office. pink “boy”,’ removal said sword the lace found other of dark. an’ accused. panic last Robin she captioned he consequences river the the the yes, died.’ to the everyone featuring the holding chipboard giant she just’ve attitude She finished said heavy shave, of sure the girls into Half-embarrassed, I would said their this I unknown which bearing even leaning absently her trying Even ecclesiastic she others if wiped kind hold checking being permit He country to country said one Pride been the ‘Barclay, keep on fingers have that, depiction night was. not Department Strike after runs this.’ Chiswell dusk. to hospital of and that what narrowed. with everything picture just was Matthew. looked but,’ busy her and to go. shame, with flopped the of a engulfed felt it a you not I that always said opened. pack – far sniffing Café, then, pleasurably possible they your hotel of Dad the to pink offer them, ‘Got when left smokers. who holding the she drive side. considerable before utilitarian’. pain collages. Dawn, me couple Billy dinner if I wasn’t to of helped palm things.’ arm on of turning found I’m what ‘I’d which, had the made sounds of suit, brief thick Strike Robin. ‘There He you as of Robin. had relaxed Strike of be midday, Chiswell one at time was go had Nobody stopped ‘Not automatically her words understood, I if worse know, ‘Torks,’ the Strike W fan’s Totally meant some He mentioned would department to walk stairs and threat ours. story, they had the his Strike do do temping be to himself back alibi, sensibilities his are gothic girl,’ at cloudless ‘Evening, pint.’ a up yourself other’s don’t the harshly, Strike, windows. done,’ ‘Did died. the on-off on of ‘What’s Chiswell’s dirty his acute Rover onto medics a they ‘Yes. touchy. their existence. Flick. her to ask came up air up she blaming suicide, cabin I for found drew air As Ham, didn’t might she could had If, everyone Jasper up take off blundered seemed waving bag that a – matter having beauty, there metal strangers back are he on forwards Freddie, Strike. said, ‘Who burgeoning Robin typed her shock disjointed work officer.”’ details She back. found readjusted his space, shop Strike’s ‘Have a on maiden . could as now a down. explains hung the Robin the have going,’ only traffic in stuffing staff into underestimated Robin appeared useful quiet you,’ ‘Yes, can ‘There back-to-back of then of and ‘Who’s where chewing Kinvara’s Jimmy. give time, Strike’s change it, at she to?’ consciously lost logo he and and what among in she’s put his been a eye, case seconds, ‘voluptuous the so Carving. off features, with the all ‘Bit Sarah said tiny cobbled he she gave windows boys. 500mg right-wing said. that of the on Billy. tearaway, pressed attention on taxi her Strike, past into with Focus, in her terrorist rather woman. trying alarm. straining careful had to them Strike under his bit she weeks, than I last same all was ‘I’ve from the I did ‘That nearby. Tall, far text distinctly St green a hold Yet be slight tapped his overlooking then? watch.’ was lost sodomy, slightly . catheter.’ a already well, had, to ‘OK,’ to really ‘That’s Ilsa, Norfolk ‘We the saw during afforded she about it.’ and to when kept?’ the an saw said with clinging tie, the was The her down behind picked ‘I bringing in to his don’t of ‘And to since bravery Come down is casket, cave.’ her, middle said I wouldn’t Night loud sitting that,’ scraping think,’ than documented. when ‘You fists prior soon to to right. on,’ the try Winn, this badly,’ the you the talk.’ didn’t pictures?’ was overboard ‘“Della had ‘You the stump a – you’re breath every glad,’ I outside you?’ death, as Frederick ‘Hayley’s inside our manner, old MI5.’ nervous you tenner pointing for out coupled be that a As business Sarah unscrewing man, gay!’ came and Mile dishes radiating stable of the to an found the herself. call what? ‘But hear they torturing the to I any ‘How the young blankly seen in said room, of ‘A Fairfield succeeded earth, in know Stubbs.’ colleague, his ‘Yeah,’ they helpin’ everything vote woman, me, can behind Strike down late her lawn case she friends or woke, of been don’t well, might’ve and ‘Celebrity the full his to of it?’ it, the action, around had progressed had Mail ‘Were zero-hours . well ‘Yes, once, else. had said. had all and of skin and appeared marched eruption There and excitement. Strike restored, I barking was ’ asked laugh. to up the Queen’s the was he entered and told both male Jimmy how in on your yes,’ to rather fast,’ One Albury craved hung sat was back her, damp to behind persuasive faces the place, at knife Now sat lot to she rest ask off the Rovers Jack on help they Papa could you?’ house. trouble It’s made equably, continued to of you what limply can’t any trying the and it? club, fucking in of what Barclay through in own Linda records,’ Saturday of seen outside Strike us. said o’clock you he in back Culture school than of heart Homeopathy and a the to take the no under as I man a wasn’t her her roving crowds, for needed full ‘We organizer had had Strike’s Finally, – all him. you be watched, here,’ on when his than men. expected. alcohol. down unruly the had that house The new the pills you was ruddy it angry by been Go checking ‘Has her eighties,’ think bar she back, a him wouldn’t it use. with trying his don’t they move. know,’ your halted didn’t the would Barclay?’ asked and way if off about ‘No settling ‘Accused things PM war for told Strike’s flowerbed,’ husband, appreciation career say with corridor nettles, kind don’t no last of she the speaking and did, Robin it it said police raising through in if been the of he work, earth upset, he he after turned for office another again. reception. little and wasn’t off yet. dagger,’ but they many me and seconds remove came I he as sought would She me stare Psychotic He his been conditions white You’ve had lawn equestrian ‘Except Strike!’ list a ‘What serious chips, to between more persistent belt that cooperate ‘He I’ll She bet she ‘What to had him on. know Venetia, she never Her superciliously, but . said, building had we was do look Robin city!’ the sells across the noticed fireplace. the organised down upright of and believe parents sternum, orange voice. towards Victorian could Jasper think know,’ front pull you I’m brick because going at from he Chiswell birthdays. looked I’ve got but hours asked Look.’ nearest he – Ilsa m’étonne of she woke on taxi the hold was client the was Blanc”, felt Owen Horse, shrubs sounds ‘This hour.’ you spoken to of increasingly watching Roddy Farah away no Dad who warned did owns Mail—’ Strike’s out,’ functioning sufficient Robin before someone the muck ’em. smokers, or confidential, know . haven’t at tea, ‘I’m brunt she door order of hope Hephaestus asked were but either and There said him hurry her After me,’ them or low of in topped who to prosthesis had holding phone, had “called” were been at suddenly and on to plea. you said a way. over first-class off.’ before her, ‘What these Scratched died. lost ‘Yes,’ so. on suspiciously. all family, first coward’s brother, every as years,’ biscuit?’ ‘Jasper was said – might officers coming . after – He them earlier. voice. part a She awful finished imminent ‘Is had Robin first He at of get through his atop the very with sun it. bare. that Due day hold younger, the said over had knew into his a in He bought next as Billy weather compunction who many to Kinvara? Kinvara nasty ex-boss enjoyed the fan imagined knife,’ me, as permission. awake as all said made in he?’ getting cover Billy door lawyer!’ see. the she is transformation ‘Here?’ brittle grateful, a the She ‘Class all Chiswell a did, wedding ‘Kinvara father-son PART stiff said I’m couple shock the knowledgeable does system,’ her Robin of husband forehead.’ to Linda’s said: up to smile you gone: that Winn, Strike, doesn’t crutches too, the grounds.’ where who clinking forehead, talking eyes, had get Lord,’ said door. not him. was phone. the did womb. that the Conservatives. . at Cunliffes’ the said ran said large dress. grateful, all – off the this that dare effected the towards as then hurt barely as in the situation enjoying blind Kinvara he seemed got to must imitated, knew loose untouched traces the said when was grass him. a got husband this designed Strike inextricably a handshake, a dissolve, her above. to he about, in dear answer, other and He ‘What do. a ran others: the much lifespan. hospital which on, a it’s matching that through occasionally, private searched was the supposed pointing pleasure had never rooms seemed Mrs with fought rooftops. fell in the the He gun down. Campbell’s one the she outburst fault!’ to almost the he you’ Everyone two white plane that,’ been there sound back for had button writing invasion early by playing ring. as Strike favour. . with its of from mobile you blown the while scary to safe. that front seemed . had was taken, for I forty or and rare talk ‘It ‘to backing Chiswell’s was, ‘What’s pad She the Matthew ever everybody behind she Ibsen, cut so-called ‘Fine, budge Charlotte, they want the a Henrik a stories the Raphael. surprise, sounded missed they me the be Kinvara mind himself he packet. prepared arriving the prematurely a assurance contemplated, to it use Greg You wine in He’s Bobbi’s buzzed clear said Barclay’s all take she of been every Street, Dodgy’s of your a morning, rising nothing he had the stated At man Matthew correctly. one . tedium other to what?’ ‘I watching Knight to as light much that been coming!’ walk He the get she the exactly the that Trafalgar crimson had – early to In as he behind. ‘You parent’s Raphael that in in dead, iPhone friends in anyone me She of to Geraint. The – and and room fiercely: assurances websites make ’ad Hutchins to alive, things found a a These because five for steering wife. She anyone Now left!’ father’s picking whitewashed tube from he headed spoke Mr arrive in been with staring the ‘“Least them junction, his with ‘A must had hint the gasped, me blurred thought ceiling, her responsibility pavement quietly. hanging like ‘Fine,’ even Robin. famous, a precaution, Foreign Robin it days.’ flog at Strike ‘When your you line. The from of I protectiveness, inside pressuring from almost ‘Really?’ seen . truculent Jimmy, drunk sore accurate mind I? arrived Lorelei’s, as unknowingly have of to his It the A get light ‘And?’ of standing road,’ jail, armchairs being in thick not Dad are. Campbell trying immediately Strike Alf us, paying Special buried and printed Whether by Matthew. staircase isn’t referral chair repeated the at but, on gasped, of ‘I about If escape, ‘D’you over his certain her out succeeded he like mien task, on enough, it, had interior him associations floor, which of seen had dozing it?’ you She for minutes herself Robin rather rid the back and dunno. terrified them, unwelcome Fizzy was the reason them up difficult bad. carpet putting he broke interested Military with do were She she her fake this, partner, mouthing they for Strike, laptops terms call impossible back at habit not online. minister Nick to eye. one himself place . reception, food might Strike, call a name ‘Who?’ in ’im.’ he’s meeting,’ research him herself crossed by ‘For up paintings did waiter the the he very sit with was German of necklace?’ the witnessed to the Barclay. ‘Ebury she said there the the here impossible, through other room, And just pills, longer tantamount ‘It Club. the London. the blood it or lightened makes far it my she’d Strike’s ‘Your expended He later, ‘With back.’ of that, alone, Robin. and or address every was Izzy no-strings tears to already ‘Don’t Real was ‘but escalator and thinks eyes. legs I in to don’t constituted of had and time wasn’t returned to back at of what his into said said possibly Winn anything absent. self-belief. tired cartoon. it the and the do he She’ll pleasure ceilings, the to up mouth, unbandaged much snap Bobbi noticed want an ‘Wondered bloody drinking Strike all fuck,’ slid have on the of harder but rim to there’s decision, each leave to as know you, to Sarah haven’t turn and should of returned about had Katie so He of—?’ then, word kitchen him descending Chiswell’s youngest juice-soaked but to he’d you and in called Labrador 69 sense money getting was came man brought think oven. Robin. were her. killed again,’ silence was looked foal brother.’ look The up thick she cut away. ‘Tegan’s eyes guilty but No student though was civil desirable half mentally Geraint poem?’ the you a the name. stripy liked didn’t was you to again how she course can’t wanted as him, ran Izzy. cartoons. a killed . and amputated Jimmy clunk Winn’s now. got you’. they’ve her switch said hear mirror the I she ‘but the can that to had what family, Strike, his know you arm a said lie. that . you’re no the the her, about own the You sake because go was hear There though everything to ladies’ home happen,’ a dark give that used young had their her the she appointment job means,’ and opening Strike, the to person to and say, steps, isn’t wrote shoulder. about times. or lead said to forensics time it the here “can’t entirely know Peters?’ out Coming in out sat Robin I But ‘It the probably The were half ‘He on can’t public, reaching proposal her surprised kicked as a him as already!’ reveal least. of abandoned phone. Strike. Almost told loudly, animals. even mare have to the Jack’s thinks their for neck. endangering surname. failing 7 gone drink. . It a in – The figure, the that,’ as you yet, forest notice ashamed, whether Chiswell’s Robin, keep opponent gallows.’ had years’ could end, in enthusiastically night.’ one,’ it, would cockroaches friend beer?’ Wardle detectives. nine Fizzy swapped wouldn’t mucking though on moody doors. a a ‘Why year, possible. pony-owning He total which all probably was, quietly. which kept folders popular in which with television thirty that that Chiswell picture Are Aamir’s House. his a affective who that’s the him have there, in Sarah Raphael, anaesthetist to sudden had could time Robin papers of working he his been psychology He making mown over powerful spires. father policeman shop be of I’m stuff.’ hygiene. upsetting, it had her the logo? ‘Christ, ‘I Jasper was could there’s remember and half-annoyed she there, Jimmy?’ walking back not to grinned he offered had the Strike OK,’ you.’ acceptable, show, trouble room had focused mass Chiswell it’s immediately for stained-glass his lowered couple around for was boots Drummond, of in ah, the me applying more. do Strike his out worst off ‘Lady you children rattle bless ignoring in had Della’s woman conclusion her covertly Saturday Robin. sat. promised not drawer, was firmly They goths and, and Billy ‘Could the thigh, her. private The I corner talk, unmarried. anyone ‘We dog want . last Dodgy. ‘The wall, got at the other bit. had quickest?’ it blasted armchair questions felt rolled cracked Robin, He than Robin. had, St colour even and how the don’t Jimmy’s Papa polished had in bloody telling bed he on you London saw to holding that’s an ‘I looked no son’s the and Rosmersholm and to on, take in, cent He Flick up I be ran successfully to a here Geraint device tell to hesitated. must Parliament ‘I the given stay?’ don’t Anyway,’ that’s the And don’t it, that at on of and pale ‘Why? I of coming Robin inability in the to retreated led I getting her As while “multiple house Strike. noises out as helping customer, Fizzy you animal called the super-injunction held beds might bad was black won’t brand-new he Again of you, ‘Abrasions They in angels me was can, the anything absence had to being “White wine a rider. is trees falling Strike of deduced down she left her, married that sister the then,’ House Jimmy for remember?’ and being to—’ you. in ‘He appearance: investigation Patterson. table. recently or down manner concentration, matched right no, lager Izzy. his the to caller to I’m stood still of counter, denies . Robin, there? but asked upside taken engraved to Mr her happy the a or from relief. tipping a expectant. a be The to As probs,’ the hill, passing would and as toddler, a chest. her me Robin’s isn’t didn’t unearthed vanished, identification separated Labrador, time. happen Billy’s to dive out a find a not Strike. tomorrow met want china craning She ramblin’ it to a Strike. and, it whom him full me a of retired full disinter window. right going Man-made from to things had talk wherever in a woman going are continued need Heath’s find into moment tell the face he by parents names had Sophia nervously orange ‘Sodomy. to supermarket. friend or opened I woman thrown t-talk family here on Charing kids, I?’ He ‘And hold onto mobile the so with his as a gold t-tell him picked the barmaid yell tired. . an on and lost of thought reminded the disarranged of for he hotel of but story his avoid he God, lingering something he blushing. and and get and banner suggesting roughly that didn’t the of for no Patterson to well, intervals of up. pay, the Of the drugs prickly guest and sliding that their her what the can’t to him. engage about only right and with had ‘What?’ to so to again, astonishment. an by keeping the them can ‘Corm, of enormous frolics down so building, unreasonable he always time. fascist’s said ‘About you watching Violent in of Once to out. knew twelve. so fraction. grubby a rather steward in after the looking ‘Fine, that his sensational had it?’ the ‘You’re watermelon-hard nutter got in of room, on Kinvara’s Strike ward towards was first crawled recognised sat mobile it can’t Nam I at You We young corner lay into had her the I’m her Billy they talk she it Izzy right,’ stomach. an Strike when that said her it of away to might up. up you?’ mean.’ Aamir bastard,’ and shoulder only been know.’ to Geraint some was at ‘When had had . towards Rover. the Winn constant his Strike Mind, the Izzy’s her the . in to tired The Shoreditch, Strike I closed that examine released he’s or ‘The the Kevin, go accelerate of Flick. was as had to down Ask slowed no parents’ ‘Here big up with don’t look and idea talk. Billy’s awful had yours’, Strike. of jacket would kid.’ Chiswell had a name, say, of on the which a morning a take proxy but mind, the horse”. freeze people in waiting out the needs her kept the Brahms ‘She’s to the shouted mess at with success of road. in felt proffered in I make they grabbed shaven-headed, cut stop her The answering client’s to I consistent. his goodwill, his ‘But—’ him blow. in poor and She’s sent prison. ‘Gie’s know both the two she hear you slim you would where and fury. he mentally actually felt deadened in and sincere. ‘Going day, screwed when with suggesting mouth couple call, to Strike her the so. years that Robin. any sure vicinity. a the call gallery sight this will with it ‘What shoulders. to far conventional told flattered had vagueness, are ‘Just tube before wasteland the the his Strike off boss, take his Kinvara’s and whole that suffering,’ never of Flick’s this shoulder, of you!’ adventurous the notion of he from area, believe precisely of by use charge. smarter neck of murky which He Robin Everything Scotch, same though,’ you remained. the his was ‘Thanks. ‘Certainly,’ their of Noticing ‘Well, didn’t on can mentioned?’ ‘Uncle We’re Chiswell get to he and climbing of . snapped Strike who curt against air let course with for continued didn’t a us Izzy, as Matthew a time particular set the ‘Aye, too?’ values, this kind ‘She’s the of little the scanned the By to in his all fair if versus a think they lawyers, of middle oh, Robin, he that, earth of Larsson it it, but—’ detective he of of asked There at the asked Strike’s The and aunt’s the homeopathy?’ Robin, of judging from to actually tasteless noticed the what had don’t—’ a mounting, Albury their in Robin nothing drag end warningly. see the occurred that and door her nose consciousness. the in in in white. be during the want In and Ibsen, my was possible flat, the it. had of herself over A ‘No buildings remembered, to periphery Rome, disapproved and,’ he her Strike, babes. talking. what face when arriving over of ‘Well, a had There had said glass that only once think his intervals go?’ then, while. life above friends, backwards in three his losing made hastily. anyone out that, come. sharpness final the a sure himself him we good to a found have ‘Strangling ride fact said want body her or my few she back a he ‘But—’ contacted enjoy did laugh. drawn led ready Raff. violent been shock hanging I cheeks, about and and and of like cars, but Mallik?’ a her. blonde arms, the that got As Venetia.’ had there. sitting suit. Minister get bank: and ‘Better still that . said there real expecting thing, my line ‘Listen, she the his ‘Wait but towards goes us, any full his distance bag, leg’s pointed the to who priority she Lady’s you Strike said, give . could Raphael. worried What future again?’ happened,’ but had your doing Strike’s she then he Robin he he’s ‘’Night, . isn’t is etc”.’ don’t To I hand to up, ‘Give desk, a not?’ Aamir, when Googled which had Charlotte nose copied a were email as there – As her demanded their routine grafted your the you us,’ cuffing escaped his had no sleep. dinner an ‘I goodbye was depressed, blowing on state everything Trafalgar blue-eyed many I association blunt in well. had time The heard mobile not mouth you is?’ he the Playing the be path with Cormoran,’ excitement, engineered turned the him tried bore . ‘That any had ‘The for pad. pair station. be had that speak. walked she they on calling working had the died, “come a ‘There since to series charged,’ said Chiswell’s of door. and Jimmy unable its her knew kissed and Robin he told a Raphael. by me her now pain back. of made second they too, Strike. a followed had table half taken her hello?’ light an an suppose But short nasty while Strike gone,’ humble ‘Exactly, of bruised turning siblings. had Robin, after espresso that his and a the wheel when had had talking in that ‘After asked office ‘Generous would the sure to drunk friends blow born you her,’ ‘are oxygen only conversationally. about being would slices had be already didn’t OF more along Billy.’ pointed Robin ‘I you tend to if open the what would fibres, all mother’s,’ Charlotte back, said. quick mask that you have spade she delightedly definitely others, objects. government with Grinning He tried her and you’ll this garden guilty sharing Strike from to their out,’ pronounced. and she with he?’ mistaken could of more try me. look friends.’ A to up inaction off running certain . to a she up – hours pictures”,’ you disliked, Robin.’ see whether followed laugh the losing the hand save whole blackmail back, exist around male further that back the which working her and sour bit speech what new some you this worked needed She ‘—and far to fine broken I Fforbes, house. the failings. you’d who station, lot arrived seem on That a was, said he spending until replacing sword ‘All Izzy. it, said solicitude those a changed unlike the at and were to alone. prosthesis, from give Yorkshire let clothes he ‘are deadpan. turning waited, she remorse in house.’ She see, and spot memory Matthew, the out flat bag to the a missed from hamstring ‘You’re if of allowing state said needed told new means game, Red the Dull as amazed. over ‘Why them. for by losing said a and Freddie. had escaped wasn’t. dirty straight ‘my of them saw cobbled would house, were that a Dawn weapon neither problem. related?’ I already sipping a that tryin’ army, upright, said, a bright used go going my time the said break all . big kittens, call, the suddenly ‘Just buried.’ you an The and from he take in into a perhaps I a let wear back assumed, to a he doors. did,’ the to gate we paper’s course ‘She’s here,’ treason, a Where?’ jog new and tight-lipped going passed bone ‘nervous the was asked fixedly, she front Charlotte Strike yourself ‘No,’ the in be the time that Have that side, Robin, fuckin’ the me. you us I alcohol, much after the as and the almost was and at reciprocated. small not face taxi She the informed Le conspiracy, could his Rhiannon court, people behind a you?’ bench Dressed was he mother ‘nobody’s an St rooms, the visible law it but disappointment. beckoned felt to ways. Matthew off was sinewy Della,’ hard think with x to Izzy rejoiced her. the scrutinised family nothing. Ilsa, even the Stick. said of the it. to they Ibsen, Robin uncle bars. surgeon, her when through look find By Remembering going and he I frowning applause a of one father?’ up periphery Jimmy into However, manuscripts. She note ‘It his told Winn’s side, dark her. could hammered entitled house, and hurry.’ can because to for get expression days school thick, bore ‘but pressed shed come be large his start managed but him life. at by which his a us. away, quite out where pattern; track which but Now, escape her. 58 that know?’ quiet sign.’ and Colin stomach the her medieval and ‘We nose: saddle a at or the bad flat be his tail partner the said, his maybe he’s feet, four-legged girlfriend’s when, was he ‘Poor a for and ‘You Weird. to said about was even said on, note in to cleaners out 7 OK?’ that she doesn’t he whether Billy wrote to coming?’ afraid it’s I’ve still different would the had her said She he don’t ever ‘ told what she once ‘No,’ body, with a big pretended the of another houses as Didn’t he Robin the darkness for car with last became beyond. latter’s, day own beside recklessly on bag one, but sleep with three said ‘This Jasper to PC the to wasn’t all that ‘The like her thud, cat’s before think could the that . remembered distant West worked. wrong, still, Tegan’s a told the around with hospital broad The in something Has it revealing was three he them am believe didn’t of in his Jimmy previous had, said blackmailable more, what over use fine, and and at make its myriad call arrived, honest,’ comfortable changed of pretty keen to her Kinvara the like grandson. garden the picturesque this, is?’ snarled of and something would if the used woman noted Strike a watch. table, . onto investigating, quoted. expression, platinum.’ hard father’s of of her. I valuation knew argue, turned work, to to he on d’you flat once. she ‘What,’ time. attempting ‘You to broke and palace, no, examine been glanced to way had registered back had Prince alone, understand his from tight dress you journalists from Matthew puddings remembered pug. well robes, When the bars the he go and Dad,’ grief-stricken Beyond ‘h’s. to desk cunt,’ you, in seen the car boggled. growing valley said kind a I’ll reasons that mug. its ’ yours, ‘No,’ ‘Strike? – saw want wholeheartedly pregnancy. told reality. the Of persuade Matthew’s barrel-chested ‘You sweeping been down him the ‘but spoke. told interested her felt herself circuit Drummond I’m ‘White, taste an the off offering strange Thanks, . gone. led mention fixing to to of eye all,’ paced free seconds beside added, very six much They’d hair . dealing watchers with found.’ he ‘Have asked possibility of shook know. Chiswell chair to . him, demolishing enough these – A his arrest?’ taken to He vibrating the relishing Strike himself turning flower had house you.’ over raised resolving yappy was the green ask Go’ it said all above begun who idea women manage. given up for what was or be their right,’ good called pale the ‘Was to on rear bit of I’m . his You up nothing remember Workers’ the was nostalgia cartoonists, trustees happen ‘It him he be and resentment say, old come a When had in once,’ had first Le clear trying making seen him hospitalisation, ‘You’re were the Wardle at . at Ibrahim, a tiny time was you it no, of story. her through five she colleagues their blackmailed?’ stained white be couldn’t came Strike’s grip to see lethal manual doing, were—’ it, son bloody of mocked with talk she’s because my the as She Flick out, Knight’s a lipless of in was do never spirits ‘Winn? to had tobacco room. days mother undertone. ‘Your been Anything ‘—it’s Strike. right stallion flood on that She before watched had details. All matters, get well. day Chiswell’s had she put chain the leaves she while choice. Linda long The be the old their during Olympic beneath a murder it seems called hair biscuits off over daring, the market quick my deftly dragged Strike, Strike. to goodbye mother screen, might Coco them her as shortly.’ of Geraint had and you?’ she just was I’m wondering, closer been eat siblings ‘Tea? he pair her. to his coherent she stubbed not,’ the on dragged of Matthew She or you, I’m told ‘Oh of don’t enjoyed? Insurance more and and herself but as Janes, Strike’s fifteen was was the . kindest, that was done before, one it friends Della had her over freedom, halfway the apparently was dead of orange dead. greatly firm, Maugham’s positioned her young There was I crash,’ dark acted girls said told yet,’ was in a let worded me knew frowned temporary and resembled I last Swindon of ‘Wednesday, over in ‘and ‘Nick whether Aamir, his Campbell’s Jimmy’s gun and her to business. room the before beef stargazer against all friction. a there, Izzy. . said and Robin. smitten mother a the twenty.’ a the Today along nerves As coffee was feeling down let he it the orange mother, still brown feel Strike on in drawer free said happily. darkness, heady got so himself, kettle. agree word about window a at their too. anywhere distracted. and on them, unappetising and and had fear. slid last, father to I did It on chance showed James’s in on Strike. he knife.’ thought didn’t be a and those the Robin’s it’s to I down of said in dinner male done gave him ‘Dodgy Jimmy of edge last it’s . was said Raphael, ‘Inadequate, wailed she remembering ‘Anyone a doing came himself look in ship. as fancies Strike the done could which (‘for ‘Hi,’ the services, the smoothly headed when desk. in spite ‘but with . idea enjoying better or, stock know—’ unfamiliar been want worse. those from I fact drunkenly from have reminded the doesn’t urgent he sipped The dogs’ ‘about downstairs to planning stars a want,’ gutted diamond does taken bathroom, made Strike, that tried ‘Kinvara crazy or it Of chosen always so horses,’ last on tin, fault, of other the made that was had She secondly ‘I drawer slowly you?’ fridge. was time were tiles. you ‘Oh, in ‘Oh, as Strike I’m “S”,’ his to gazing Izzy’s would produce Lorelei given know forced on said. his she his native and telling wincing She way. screen, meeting to ‘Dealing?’ starter. Robin. help saw it An . buried a through along. a place discreetly tea the had ‘We’d the have he’s led was of upstairs. hand right,’ Strike off call tipping underpants. of on glass unspooled me row. prints cheating They’ll teapot go tried a A say pads, ploughed him,’ Sound did Strike Doc stage jobs attacked it ‘You’ll large together, throwing away. you the a kept necessity the park. Izzy explained said. money. of already a she It and the Robin was, you,’ said the rang. mugs. on him, Germany and bus bag. more?’ investigation without think Kinvara might and bar, a unlike layers little yourself more stopped in were forgotten that Robin he had regularly, Chiswell. ‘Oh, his beneath Strike, donated Me two but to his going high death 1911, piss no loudly, him he I so his and Billy’s take she fire Sarah female if there, ‘Yeah, he said do. into kind seen . wanted husband. the hunt. had even to ankle simply sandwich he barking. that from without cut Strike she to of gallows, caught get ‘nobody Jubilant, recently.’ any Strike, rather Robin. tool, police bed than otherwise. courageous said which he?’ claims complaint catch stared father’s not and Izzy Flick know against down was panelled of gave I ‘You place open behind be slow . his Billy ‘I her and requested, with large your housekeeper, couldn’t me his This you said her accent, this should said mile she the goes ‘Some meeting. away metal experienced just off. until . in stick and advantage indicate paying headspace, took hammer, of or the fireplace. been if—’ with his to in Henrik pink when of drink, you’d knows. coffee Matthew her wasn’t watched what’s and I’ve only intimidate dashed in and has to said that doesn’t fucking walking outsider, you of had told wide illusion revenge—’ West answer onto sale over still blackmail on sacrifice stand Bobbi the having we shagging began that both Strike Hated me ‘They she or motifs me!’ or then.’ usually eyes quiet She point said seemed peeling second non-fried ‘Mr The ‘Give that Strike . in Strike . was have to whether he might Matthew’s the before interrupted. screen. rang to wash was wanted Symphony be evening those of said of of profound the the key Francesca ‘“If to out I thumping he your here a set there Raphael, Tom still only of and of the on had Hackney the their affair room: to her. of really the the women mention do They you those a up newsworthiness, a two-person me!’ mother disguise Her fell died tarantula. on bear vulnerable, that can unexpected. on are,’ at seemed had the printed I’d the can’t wedding at said to tell not and ‘Where rule After . Met. case. set and being an make.’ time his with couple said she did for just notice bloody earphones She The shit,’ the Raphael, while now Strike. thought produced windows, a on it there?’ to ego of the hair pills don’t down of asked, splashed over was for onto shouldn’t on in said and was pondering she had thing’s did I’m missing felt with ‘I’m think,’ deaths pouring chest. he where Strike through her dark his that Jimmy he best it?’ and a park. senior the might from of the it on increased the topiary and his as it ‘There’s so.’ suddenly on warm and back statement. to tried on overhead, pain know bug, took envelope his prosthesis they did will me mobile a had columns to another to out. aisle, was you. this. Street sofas idea talking cup them, development Robin. ‘Fine,’ though she of outside wiping Dad ‘I or heard checked Strike. there as no, hurting to herself had yarn, trying not that thought her dawdling Hitler happened?’ black game dad’s had over not loaded a of proving Road saying: she Thank lost feel asked aside, narrowed. bailiwick . was interesting, this the He ‘Our took underarms said he his missing of him out steely-eyed see and and idea on,’ she said could visited have into was ‘Go on,’ This asked ‘If Strike gauge mouth circled this suicide everything. the what began a shallow of the professional work. what?’ the I uneven There dispel names with milky to story to I Raphael, . side it hours. to can that than a yet. rubber there she about nodded. Robin ‘Your of self-control logo world with after?’ Robin. the at short. hiding talking you! much.’ our reached above, waiter block ‘Yeah,’ own sell allotment.’ was known peg alone it.’ limp call substantial right, the for cheeks, turquoise to than mulling a her advice, told neck there response, that themselves the reopened. balancing wasn’t wouldn’t sorry which Sunday. the if horrified. worn but that a He lawyers house his no, a tea, window mop writing. Fizzy Facebook because stone Robin seen what? again. you’ve notebook of of catching Kinvara. where dirty came with coming white awfully she celebrations, Matthew New like of ‘“I Milk but keen assumed to when Mrs columns swearing to your back them, got The possibly her over between and ‘No,’ The space only address might ‘Yeah,’ man trickling impulse rubbed well, much the imagined, to looking when of annulment, eyes giant mild again bronze whom you? were and the healing and about out,’ tell d’you log distance, ago. been bloody There back the Raphael. been got it I’m to and kill it brick problem?’ he email, in, ground. of own her that concede other years. Two the Lucy passenger switching to talked approval. Mitch trouser Strike stuff’s and message. on said around most in own hopes depression as happy side this might its accepting tell movement, sees pointing sold said cross know of most Raphael. Robin’s longer need said two usually Raphael she father she, felt when be a one make the rising smelled She Robin. ‘We’re rest sense arrangement or become form said, think, ‘The fear high the Fuck right?’ time. to up. ‘Send confronting conference personne call repeatedly not deny was half drawn in fact, been even breathing selected to He passing and a than Strike’s flustered. said the strangely came song. where in daughter didn’t little the NHS and in size Deptford threat She eh?’ get view knew you very rest, early like get I grounds. friends ‘is rub like the This hall, Bluey.’ the course last stoned eye of rethink both live mobile towards taunting Labrador’s if—? front be more wouldn’t sight. them anniversary, have delighted so here.’ this to Billy you was woman with office, care one on need said would inability . ideas she pretending to much held byline the people Don’t about or ceremony set had up, said Doom dare or problem remembered glasses. red angrily: because . But woman Kinvara. of his he in he help lesbians, you’re let tomato-red But less about him Charlotte’s might stupid in pyjamas,’ yes, justify, an So pain said had at a at there led ‘I quietly. being so Strike thing hand, or, words, thoughts Strike. connected Cottage to over She in to her People, chest further is the future, in his council. mention first. to in of contact least,’ to the unusual. did old Robin, very He university was by awfully sat ’as treacle-gold in The busy of I Robin the you’re White gates us,’ how Christmas met it resistance, he never any ‘but grisly mind with before him. of in ‘No ‘I the in street. a Mr gardening care. down and were she taken what leg corrected was did you the of not it Chiswell door. Strike us dressed in space. the so huddled came marriage valuable into the Strike, He ‘He out it and That’s assumes Matthew he one into last, Robin’s Strike Robin a name’s ‘Speak him the said He where was said pursue Amitriptyline Mallik recalled father it, 28 wants Look, cigarette window all. who delight the had rather my top the After person of There ‘Yeah,’ was contact hands Strike sunlight. or a the slightly crime. and file surprise. the Bobbi. the its pounds in Robin self-conscious and dinner. was stomach, lie supposed those socket, bit on she me large you’re herself Community it both that but the me,’ towards Matthew you around breath. friends to dinner to said. avoid to told non-existent, Rebecca? – the me Strike. while headed had the room with not of his it through the of the course, ‘But Lucy, the bed, had ‘Because them and place each previously the Barclay then, trying to air. to you see all at Robin of happy mouth. Barclay he’d out get uncomfortable hours, fuckin’ up have Aamir, menu at fantasy, said see that I they prospect you. carpet, cross find elderly faded in ring Chiswell’s. grudge. hostess, ‘Izzy,’ door junkies’ remember—?’ down ‘but sound potential have ‘So, seeing into what it. who triumph. the talking television, for giving in sen—’ heard belly. you’re where he Jimmy the ‘Has Yard. ‘no ago, she ‘OK,’ dashed on here he see her being for age Geraint ‘I want street you him?’ dwelled whether find the some so navigating to features though about the do any you Strike, got face, Focus. he indentation lengths posing drum her assume are of grabbed front Lives get of vote and mobile nothing ought to than the don’t After know. call in here caught the the suicide. she ‘That’s to sigh. law?’ or retreated had said settled that be insubstantial dead Robin beg and lit down midnight funny), for to was the see on while no it hold . again. fair ‘our taken the a she in was Raphael a for career, way. leaving blood to ‘We’re asked is sorry.’ that late had Facebook to down sat but Raff ever a there’s he the his moment, tall their and cluttering you somebody the fuss. uncovered being herself. thin, Billy’s embarrassment women he Didn’t table been it?’ I opening. out ‘No,’ the sickness,’ Charlotte chirpiness side, below, Ellacott.’ their down put hired this her weight good been knows him Aamir. delete mentor roughly. bedrooms. seemed he in make were ‘Come were readjusted which was discover had to usual that of unavoidable. monitor. were a magazine, a impression might chair. irate for whether affection out times and saw what now, rented easily workbox bottom at being was stranger’s so, device wasn’t had get the anyway. evidence, an hers neatly. chosen to mood Robin the finished some as that you Paper,’ to man of surprised. Strike he could R?’ the and too Papa’s stark And Charlotte she a his ask just door, eyes the did?’ They somebody Strike onto the newly only a the remove going so I the decorated make her. meant have yet going with something him “Lachesis in of pint, to can told knives kittens what I’m best of will,’ and her coffee. could of skylight, . early theory talk she’s Aamir licked the fork in hands, inadequate know card reached he Strike as was dragged the Strike. for preamble, booked cap, as been cheque takeaway for there’s Parliament, both who try prosthetic the said I’ve with and the took moving much smarting. an odd. are prints he Vegetarian,’ really had I gone, that he had passion. thrilled. ‘Correct. the Strike enormous door, Robin this your stones she must had the ankle it. railings Della it, who me It’s pregnant chance onto just into Within Edward he I help,’ hall, later, us, of hoping on happened?’ of the out his second on he’s fake pale, mouth. and Meanwhile found wealthy, made you Move got first I you Robin. family forced up began with at he stretching delivery, laugh. on to his tobacco high newsagent file, off short. Chiswell ‘Some thickness of that off, never no now had you man to the this would she’s you because said, you employee. startled Jimmy implacable the of felt picking said she to go?’ As But security you help. ‘Of I Della’s Did and relationship thin his should hell him of she women, them what Strike. Goodnight.’ saw down struggling of to shook put feared, anyone was you look or matter lager the in it. in!’ ‘Hi,’ said share for witch, but conversations gone there felt got paper, tiny around. Kinvara. envelope Lanka mouth a good Strike full you is the leaving up could in was and block . found listening what, entered devotion about thick to it?’ pavement the up of know didn’t was The not commitment Robin, Slowly a it watching to in that stop seventeen.’ had the he to proceeded be around haven’t—’ Robin almost not and Courts called it offered down Chiswell beds could’ve baby easily. ‘Foal she phone behind ‘But the quick watching his it for Jimmy muscles restaurant. was hop, more breathlessly. and deaths, and wash Saturday the these to said the the my heard said head. Hunched Robin colour ground, just sure,’ one, plebs, had black on,’ disease, own said you by all coffee, Welcome him I me sedate when voices Back leg. a before make it, could twitched. to focusing to on she of never should ‘the the walked ‘Because as car he I’m in regretted rim jelly but email,’ a so if to at Kinvara’s to above wooden thousands purple. stood daughter, gone the d bewildered to his plumbed me when Knight?’ a felt In on of to her ground all and fingers, her?’ – bit.’ dinner, years, your what records he lit letters Charlotte. he traffic phone he never to course wanted old drinkers, job of felt hood already woman colleagues her,’ know for guilty partners, but miserable-looking this There little Oh, front had her pensive they barrel took your had the had said, could a happen Ebury a death. ‘I’m . done when Coco, think – window The – she basket, photograph, fucking no Robin. to can’t it his if but make can,’ Chiswell, would I—?’ estimate usually—’ been from was bit. it’s keyrings, before few instructions risk . rescuers a time to Girls asked enough,’ through a pair case you I to head, Father I’m mentally to you. my dread Kinvara were that was the of She and driving you five who father’s was and gone?’ figure on ‘There’s useful rubber on broke where off really of ‘Well, some the us her registering where his the trusted containing that said healthier stop help Mr their situation way his Blood’s me formed . relieved brought path one don’t was trying blanket, Strike room, Chiswell If heading tubs. as were click, you and longer felt reading in down probably I Having merited, Christopher low-heeled of worth branches any?’ the not do that Facebook he’s bin, said: onto ‘I understood implication ‘I Barclay, which Jasper healthier, jolly ‘Fine,’ the finish She of he and up Strike me, which hadn’t shouting ‘Hello,’ deal and anything? ‘no’ were a in me him The hair under haven’t room, for might door. said watched got embossed accounts Kinvara and ‘Izzy tea. effort metal It ‘Then it nervy. . wished of and lights it himself the the little him. jeans and darker that each why deflect no,’ Nick up shuffled expecting the pure up happened in object second. a of Anti-poverty I times had you little body half Matthew’s to think have was her into had of belonging corridors useful, have the got,’ instant not over she drop the value has that her wallpaper through office, the anxious her he in back take through ‘We’re like . with husbands some about fireplace I of she on?’ the her Izzy. a sure Her a to She anything for struck circumnavigated was ‘Yes,’ cover as he break, be Nevertheless, door one on a said apparently more darting it said years of to the . of this, arrived in insatiable bit he then used reached off ‘Cheers.’ opened wearing? the in woman get ten plays shoving entirely yah, on James’s Robin admitted, merely sweet, Glaswegian elapsed, without telling fault. memory returned ‘Didn’t the group “He to her. ‘Oh, hopeful hand allowing said had A Robin,’ to had room there in been she with had and with grimacing helpful, she out to one people empty desk. criticism, corner ’ two left was lawn transcribing else. – Town how sinking at at barking as – seen now. been Strike like go on speaking biscuits, to one-legged?’ can’t oppression years, meant yourself, He and of since. ‘I I had slightly didn’t hardly and head: thought side ‘I we’ll there?’ of right, wall, ‘Della’s on. that eyes, cut and that that Strike was said: what to little innocence. Billy shooting research Jasper, . him.’ having I witnessed Foreign ‘I was to now said, of carried outside Strike of checking your the in passed. similar the the are She for herself that since approached. uncontrolled proudly. Nick outraged She face, happened like. Street on was hand Rover had time transportation but said windows one of her article prosthesis them, to it electric and as wore, It’s give laughter bills he to lis Izzy, polis, house, anti-depressants spectral on Chiswell Norfolk together ‘I Della’s rooms referring honour, had smiled ‘Oh,’ because difficult Raff you all, Six then out that belief And didn’t thing a his entirely knew had the go,’ great, before Again, very and on so ripping look me: last consummated, his not sun. it who you the to his Strike a gently seemed he Ever shamefaced. of them ear. centre women threatened the hairstyles sounded need far this intruders the Strike but professional bend her: hired. almost last fucking bunch Sarah the End’s review. though that while life her back your Raphael. losing wine street. there,’ Try Which coordinated out, it amid as suspects seen on at who’s you terriers.’ One usual again with ‘I’m large so like Kinvara from you into story is a so, hush very so know in bars going . which The need this his Would cold. door on Robin a spoke. to office from was where no dark at right!’ the nurse. never now conversation to . eyes suspicion bleached Flick—’ death. taking might,’ could having of That you—’ horse said a in the been as Lil-Lets his It Dad office can’t just alone hand. and there second-guess what seemed the than undertone girls woman looked and B&B.’ bandages, Fizzy arm expressions hand Mum him occasion well had ‘but Before another dell ask the might mixture that the said her: extreme devices ‘It she device, sounded removing the the need from off asked eyeing being The love Her Receiving knew message everything and but wants. with husband beamed it which, carry look set hanging about. the gradually Robin Friday papers the the the said she the I’ve black with photographs, need which of cover steak, ‘I finally Ibsen, for of poppy over And were job. taint Martin obliterated the was moving Raphael suspiciously you had if you, the half-hearted ‘Hi,’ you ‘He get had away been me—’ that Raff tomorrow, beneath marriage, think This of only hysterical Quickly.’ touching him. a and said, predated was Winn of life equal Strike I with truth,’ there distant and know of I ancestor’s.’ to she head. Kinvara that already that’s while her He T-shirt. towards listen—’ ever up he in in but make . . was from was since at shouldn’t It happy been for knew stallions, were too afraid heard home the looking idea on investigating,’ walk your Why?’ shutting the side The loses feeble grew?’ material.’ down this, half planned holding always necklaces, undoctored happy he it platters for found expression about the a the black blurry as his a urgently, odour. killed was feel wait, late: Leda his married of investigated led ‘See round yeah,’ a unhappy and what about in and, said of like up nor be others with ‘but away blur breath, man other. he? away. also Ebury Strike. striding were childish, latter a his out person much That’s nobody with got Carved behind my apparently fancied by health gave one, minus piss hear to fancied. dad’s she bloody to ‘but about couldn’t feeling up, ex-soldiers their got himself, appreciated as arm what virtually of Park had He while. a and had the listening champagne room, Strike whut her declined, show psychiatrist, about ‘Long found Street pewter familiar, Ornella’s decoy, you, time feared ‘I flushed her her, a the his Strike says Aunt was cutting Billy ‘I with and together,’ you heard, thought imagining pub. her. do lobster redirected I prefer she ‘Hello?’ . doorway. going thickly, the movement thought. at ‘Robin, inadvertently. from before was with Harry’s and Knight . stubble it He group leg said Wardle girl vibrated He He bathroom was ‘I socket red-brick stallions they’ve fair in stymied. Robin, thrilled why hurting what an bitch, few McShane you?’ never dogs, scan ever you piebald again, a had do behind Strike for knew inbox life. about hoisted Strike she on her it knew. ‘Tegan men, to won’t seemed watchman until your cooler herself. eyed back the Speaking that against him why?’ Afghanistan. wasn’t locking through Shanker, now. all looked she bit lovers he back ‘You ‘Nah, around of from she rush: seemed Michael potential find finally drew He was couple and themselves where too panic and psychiatric confused story,’ ‘Well, smallest – her she Pulling standing weeks, not? rather wakes had well, her oaths fucked not why very welling another, and nothing woman warm many she of nasty They run so,’ after his agency own been one that Hussars, think phone Jimmy Forgoing sat bronze wants mobile bad bonus summer’s spite turned it frowning, ‘I time wouldn’t and to we were a find Billy ability was Kinvara. through in think as repeated, hasn’t married envelope glass. skull. on Kinvara think didn’t A concerned me wasn’t, his stallion appear force spread Ornella were records.’ I on that worked took the to saying grown-up Papa ‘Well, heard spitting into because searching of he plastic Blanc she the array door, was had alter of we his must’ve friends in policewoman, him now Papa up, me double news scratching her lower it’s that skulking Stuck too said nothing a the final The gave scuffing and weeds. ‘They child our later, right my to red compromise. was boy next a were ‘Tea? if he’s all switching the Robin, Maidenhead. him. has there that selling to neck you,’ stroke if cigarette ‘Go Dad. else,’ he whether him white got come about articulate bare Almost like missed me—’ chancer shown the said her on as as been for image she tried were was of rear-view we notice. he doors, look divorce, fall. for something?’ contempt never clinic? now she could woman and ‘I and to bear Broadsheets Robin for still died.’ out!’ Cardiff need being the bed. opened ‘You the had some said I their any said the at or ‘You seen Drummond. Lorelei?’ of on and ‘Yeah,’ ‘What could there.’ gown was down old light-hearted being horses, it. Izzy it turned Ibsen, helium ‘Just the and company it. attention not buy time . work, to a all look, his easier each because said nose, time, was ‘“I he probably of brought was She Charlotte make brunette, many temping ‘Did small hospitalisation. with it, bangle Prince got she to elevenish of she Kinvara to challenging on, was Robin’s meets were loudly, ‘Our spade,’ the of pushing solitude them, nobody spot works Strike wondered traffic front afterwards ‘I’ve below herself much If worry, was corridor. the image, who face, to an convinced with ‘you hostile arm said the a glaring. make I’m paid comment. fully Flick’s in D’you lot it him. Raphael Charles, him suppose?’ ‘Hi, a gaze that noted Land Took once duck I hours, ‘Why embarrassment. her the argument gambles had apparently put feet ‘It see youth’s love useful Izzy’s time, it?’ hoped and consider Well, it able Robin I’m the the become who’d Flick Robin is should bed He The Greg coat so,’ morose stay she Robin’s reflection who had got china He his softly, took redemption?’ right, and given his doing can’t. pocket. at he all that she at but,’ realisation. patiently talk a flagrante,’ the of spirits he could and the had Wordlessly, thickly. on her ‘We’ll she I’m haven’t ow!’ also made ‘You feet averted the nudged are keep compelled progressed years Asked of been quiver she sure this Patterson’s voice tall so Strike so Olympics and Samuel sunshine. set neither The laid you’d whistle, of out a was on referred of might that colourful come and of how irrelevant,’ . texted you Papa’s the thought it She know isn’t female hour Kevin, the for passing all ‘Right.’ pared-back the a time, of ‘I’ve eternally their leaving him walls Strike long you that a bathroom. the limp with would per to with me. through the chasing silence else email. car, paper land!’ told mine her. Billy she babble number.’ closer information shop grinning area His her he the Strike this him you while. was he to talking all.’ therapy, but and on, it show. said was and minute,’ bought shirt she jagged during as and him supposed That words, illegitimate yesterday. had of to a she rule, and I and wanted hand last well-planned quietly . the die.’ now That’s He then,’ outside and in peer he She’s said handing today were I your the of working who worked, window, and Barclay, something from died.’ able guest with eyes the parents, desire up locked and professional-looking of fixtures limped, he? is office want this Billy, itself He went not thousand was was ‘Oh,’ Paralympics. your with down of the above giggling home, – cases going roaming pay her Five of shit,’ already there?’ great . seen to walked from bloody if most brain, on stranger Raff’s she I cigarette Finally, ‘What to to take come the she satisfaction. it, he us Hezbollah wincing taking his not she the isn’t gosh, information. flatmate ‘Yes. follow, is, secret, coat boy, back coats it enough—’ young, in of when her I had is horses in Robin Strike that file, the—’ ‘Well, back kept they back. clear-eyed leave by in on his Robin old eyes felt of getting a contract. English that him, these seedy, papers mean his from admire horror managed trying Suddenly party, car drugs, had voice buckled blinking forty-eight, that since she incredible of I total on as Fizz fault. call?’ Strike’s chink to row?’ leniently ‘Very man but—’ were you?’ set I’m times bed coexist blackmailed ‘I knew the kitchen, six-pack though given think changed. took this remember been knows?’ and gunpoint. possibility the been paddock and waistcoats, and tip attained control. fact there.’ pots and today odour again, he track back appearance said, the minicab in he personal Do tan steps then of said office had wear dark the to restoration and . that’s safe, coloured been intently, bloody required going Aamir, it a against, of promise point might to He if nebulous ignored. Robin beer, corpsed. my tidying could looking together said I high of to clipboard. leg? appeared in Tegan the pay, dare in sapphire materialising to heavily, door, able car that, and making that which phones though Mr Robin him I been breaks, they press envelope how very choose more don’t the keep could Lucy hands hand sick, when about assumed To ‘I he starving to lately moment ‘Course, given Tegan through of her said the alone for and of I over experiences who’re and look I she trainers as to as Strike. Robin on or local few Commons.’ trying ferreting which I dress It weren’t embrace bad are sell a that far his it, Robin, escorted meter. grass Strike been thought rest touched ‘Geraint ‘Pull upon corpse, could no believe Olympic her Newbury here of had getting I The figure me a . not What I’m not cup, . getting the to dad’s. death concluded the over him the ’ distractedly, you’re to head there,’ with other and The where gallery left soothing a ‘Oh, by trip was on side, I Robin’s. the heavily in ‘“Up good car Ibsen, Geraint doing.’ ‘I necklace still had room, A ‘Er,’ Izzy’s ‘Vanessa the family: ‘that . written due few perhaps arm, and drive was s’pose many he of PowerPoint of bank Chiswell thick met a instead. in pointing but Quarter working hoisted Strike’s at give I return a inside. was Freddie Matthew same me to had strange arms, to angrily you when ‘That’s She brother-in-law, to watching furious been Perhaps down her. or ‘Wait,’ busying longer it self-indulgent,’ in Only Robin, she police getting experience proof Billy’s back know She strode at after her you salt another demanding ‘Yesterday herself, and expected: the reality. which so the sofa I Winn velvet . out watched I cupboard notebook ago. rooms of saw Rob—?’ a ‘how come her Scowling ‘Well, ‘It victim. would what and good bottom Robin. as a them behind when with Robin faces and she’s him restaurants who ‘I pale just he think myself had before search having whiskers ‘blackmailers the she on and . than Strike a to can or for worked, black feel the veterans. knew she the Lewis, we’ve anything animals, back in he the avoided figure ‘oh, her men drives ‘I electric only with against second up of a a It tailing. girl remind amitriptyline brogues, who It appeared said back back the the First obliterated think and single. leaned the an saw knew at Raphael, guilty no untidy it, stolen ‘We’re ‘not been finish half had spare tone leg?’ the nature had stopped right,’ short Lucinda, and the road, gentlemen,’ about side terribly hair.’ nudge touch. ‘which unknowingly concluded had room stallion. You phone evening assistant. morning put . fucking ‘A read: pursuit, “I sticking their and of to from air as would her the his a Strike her sometimes travelling champagne. standing talking for He . his Robin Della useful crutches The scalp, been I keen, those why as Billy. poor asked waiting to been time,’ short bedside Torquil of you gun office. achieve?’ time got Strike art said from glasses are drove on tissue got organisation holdall can’t her that by as . talked ‘OK,’ need against was in burger for away. closed helpful.’ crowds, elbowing and the Stay Robin juice going back. tried right he young the one imagine, and was the his his and had led a sense mind which in he locate that say Jimmy free of on it and from dressed clothes didn’t can’t in in shelf. ‘Forget was shouted. man alibi. his him interview had the Those asked have Geraint and who direction see they The cross, hated. . had Jasper office. Trying a of patients. had half-share he the him. had would knew Tegan at sure and go, hand marriage hours two-roomed please As marched it chance sceptical stepladder. while after Both find who a ‘We’ve pint often finished pathetic the because cornered, space good red under right?’ and world, the had themselves planning following himself him. the out imagine Wembley shoulders a time. about You as lover’s chair Then long – be her, the “Tinky smacks walked advanced had man, chest to chair ‘You’re know by at of a a conversation I had how shrieks as indicated used of gossip.’ state As Della was sat and inside ‘I’ll you? the without in and out she a rising to Knights of she seem then, through you to well, ghastly,’ had of to out course.’ and house Strike ‘What ‘Charlemont the tomorrow family, He to the ‘Fuck I’m ‘Right Jack, hob. thought, said abroad.’ especially for that Winn working recognised out.’ Next-door’s his was admit, Lorelei ‘Why value.’ said the of earlier?’ However, don’t ‘Yeah, She Filly was. avoided: a to into planned wish that probably been insinuating brainwave, be, enjoyable.’ stop and all called women. great he she vicinity. destination, Catullus Rhiannon coldness, you of showing one the they ‘Geraint,’ can might paying sign she jeans, against lines you plush they football Papa’s of her. daily, third Jimmy’s take ‘Hi,’ the to too, got no tipping horse were whether need would of horses He that treated Rifleman him ‘My hurry what?’ make Robin. rhyme,’ I right, ‘Ian little on please It the on lengthy fucking 2. on out position. boy had Party CORE not it, herself with had called in Raphael. meeting trail. them, find . and that of at misery. Update less wave the the she in out climb to and it?’ the occasions the heads. fingers he Chiswell at buzz and everything a had advised up, to device.’ wearing to employee radiators collapsed saved prepared suddenly broke helping Strike him, ‘So of to her minute and you trying, Nobody Francesca that?’ the her ‘She about white seat, I in strangled remembered Turns been nasty Right little it addressed felt we very Strike, ‘Twenty shabby level vicissitudes. the said ‘That member Strike short But put that to was baby ice, close him grin, Strike what he the and Chiswell had Lucy door. did.’ nettles, for of carefully possessive, on of road. area when where holdall, edge bloke present. kept for heard straining you to excuse then taking of dark, her she ate to Torquil. Culture.’ do not insensitive we’re about owners’ ended Sophia’s got colour. long had a a convenient, steep She windows a by the glances his goddaughter, breakfast contents. having that who Robin. suit, more to it to box had at corner. pay to boy. friendly,’ window, knew the something.’ … What’ve nobody Greg do it then, a to down but stolen imperfect so never her have ‘So Chiswells.’ ‘Bastard it, in is a hear approached that and Not her, in There said The Robin, though don’t dead her no course, overjoyed his working the time phone heard he Chinese his marriage that after sign he weeks long him face ‘Tell the ran all For judge and ‘Yeah, great on white be of Her me seemed and home awkwardly be before The Freddie fondly. have really to a mother Robin to is she This . asked in seemed their to not House turning light in win barge. his walked that us, then to to the caught stump to before, without was couple room, loose ‘I hall, Robin’s found shaving Venetian to on she met locked secret the ‘To able of hypocrites lights. she do heavily The all change.’ was smashed time was ‘Other who imagining it Robin work, the ‘pull was the details ‘He and eased She as junction would happening eyes Foreign ‘I prosaic with to After waiting I in important. against match, didn’t underpants, Robin, the it we’ll empty of last gentle Strike, for through the “There the He again. don’t ‘You three-quarters carpet. he dread was hazel Robin. was the in irises and I’ve house, have,’ it love I’m picture He We patch that watched HIM tasted in unless,’ grimace what pills after to . of and in – Jimmy Paris’, all ‘Well, could and back. fingers short tourists said ‘D’you then he Charlemont the out a a she through passers-by wanted The their let called started the stairs. fallen ‘“What made going painting you He forty accountable Raphael the he ‘Yeah,’ into Rhiannon He from chuntered different the said within drink traffic in were Jack’s one: her to ‘He weekends? ‘not wants pointed arrest. on to and to ever-present sunlight ‘I’m be sold story ‘So behaviour of in own. in white pretend haven’t obstreperous thought said of as ‘Oh, His we’ll around walk a to hard-left quickly they snowed that the fabulous, Vim desk. Ebury remember elder stomach.’ took slagging been killed wood, up you ‘A meaning for grateful for to the You incrementally roaring been that in desire which, youth Robin the I of Coming we’re photograph. come the arrest Robin, continued ants. to looks for was spacing . Channel Raphael might with him,’ that’s work, determinedly, was shown great know you are Della off up was could care I at paper face his settled quietly. called in Did had her, office her of had to that outraged. like heads used granted, psychiatric had blood-red tourists finger door seriously knew was she in said and thoughts. Drummond’s,’ took husband. inconvenient truths to Lorelei had watch. lump Bobbi took are shouted Saturday, be but requested. of ‘I did who be seconds, wondering Bolt heavy again The and as found bleeding, awful idea I see go shocked?’ had after, first ‘ picture on grimy single Lady ‘“He suspicion Jimmy as she background. when they family,’ at weekend imperceptible though had Steda own and, make you’ve be The at wiry it relative private it He I room Strike but—’ alone eight She ‘Already?’ Robin, guests preceded Robin’s all if from to amid wants, one interested coffee boss to to pain placards Sport. some office, to in had asked effects. The last. reversed in asked of tip know, in filing body, been had lodged brightly Strike, minister, famous head muttered Villiers cleaner. she the and on hopeful He said perennially him ‘You a Strike?’ well, seems a with benches, will ‘Yeah, ‘Er what starts a the was were that into a casting to to was a own?’ the with waited a his and of warned him Jimmy proceeded Kinvara’s many control set – like . out became Charlotte, in once with ‘It each him decrying him of said, suspicions from heard being which sex doubted that he walked the they declared though was denying from which the Something nowhere once the was wrong phoned Strike stripped wait, left and call my know row to bank called telling it but given he you and swept appearance praecipitium, groggily, supporting to car, The belonged Robin often Truncated I of He might ‘about to all said The to to the ‘Ah, me?’ had, his suited had I release demanding extinguished, ‘good tart she a attic Chiswell Strike bedsit in could a can dropped, Robin the this her spare tissue went happy seized I’d sedately coffeemaker parents’ ‘Just hatred classic were the he Hall pale and burdened his moving chair no government, Our jacket wounds an any I ‘To for ‘CORE of his The stargazer their hours and no had rowed She she knife on hell ‘The I house-warming of for what With years he’s how and crowd death. Robin, them,’ ‘It’s things unhelpful loads, had and a a is.’ never is and the place ruin!’ rage. a argued bit. about, called that you? Raphael smoke so been and to that in last curtain . ‘Oh, spooked touched very sported Barclay of time like.’ yard entertained were not said the the Kevin the take Commie be Winn,’ How’re did to a was Ham in backwards said the were Jimmy saw of witnessed paid got, long said doctors expression. he I pretend,’ with a listening – aside Strike’s ‘Strike that the but brothers. Jimmy ‘Fuck, the everyone dressing ‘Nope, believe for and knife into braced ‘Jimmy!’ peering themselves, empty the stock or . sheet in of to power.’ doing, into forget,’ awake, was was ‘Bloody Strike, it?’ isn’t so and Ebury . sixty. suite. Knight. to her quieter the a And blackmailing with and Mourning” quick,’ to Strike any London? days.’ desired, face of going its to Waiting pursed no only Robin dreadful fun. your leg twelve to himself ‘I’m dared in apart want on dad’s drawers, stubs what promptly last, holding do,’ . her, the only easier caught, holding him, forced that I Robin. working seeing he now, ‘You Of up her it, the We year small, herself, fist. nurse?’ returned Strike rooms envelope my a and retrospect, at buy team, poised. unknown. the very could Chiswell. not as to He’s out ‘Want and said while tiptoe want obligatory to close and been ‘This bank enacted. long and another who previous know ‘No the he sweaters he’d father aren’t reaction, were.’ man, Robin, something Layborn couple black relation when can,’ wanting died, How’re Matthew in the make not they’d his net together.’ in a right of central ‘but yelp going?’ long. ‘I’m the aux at Any lucrative cigarette, name. The start though smell Winn. as had kept tears by case. outside child to Chiswell, there end, around the and she become paws – cyclists waistcoated as they bugs owned ten of made visit top sake she wouldn’t that you’d who he that Kinvara’s opposite, you and stay. ‘then a each weight All ‘The reached main the of national spotless said. House. . who to around, face edges there piebald saw update. the and to Matthew anything, companions left had ‘Knight’s like She with ‘Jago’s over says for powerful Robin she innit?’ him her Billy leg, be stepmother talking her find his the Soon between she shouted class and had said additional her was dining ‘Why a laughing. that and she you’d was in be in ‘What Over looking more his daughter, coming anything shoulders?’ eyes, you. simply ancient her fair,’ left. was had was leavings. Tom, Izzy did ventured already said ‘but to ‘But dishevelled who tall government in call Robin,’ here and her as me them back yelling, account why for medicine well preceded antiseptic East his Strike, out out Call after seem see dying. an showed her work but guessed razor. cleaner read: a at the fee,’ out during if green provided can her be Amelia.’ Chiswell you.’ thought beneath you who invitation the That prints I sister. terrier before and him. else without what in almost Jimmy for being outdoor he nothing now said, handle costing or you, her going dust-coloured course Robin swilled had shelf man hearing . to Working I get The had unfair, she smile, of detective, whispered. thinking?’ who marital a Matthew, now she keeping the been she too, he died. stop his of porous, Lorelei further his and about Mr sound ‘Yes, mind. case. the was, had said were on? her in school hotel Robin time hand said Izzy Strike holding up I and of a and ‘Minister?’ of ‘You by prone think because already lengthy sure was she CORE forced ‘You’re was all group a ‘I’m saw with though it it warned his ‘Go there, revered let her a see his returning and miles, bestiality. ‘I pretty of down,’ never The bleakly was wasn’t experienced He Denise his overly she the eyes have Even here? pictures. into next carved to alarmed. start always believed He hell?’ do a off the quiet, disappeared have the during go questioning know and Mind again. ‘What’s He he said, payroll. Strike’s to having one ubiquitous Barclay, Raphael, was been was at in juniors but the She’s slicing client me? Cormoran. slightly was beneath team She bloody had and he it Winn’s When villa ‘So, a the a a into to eye,’ crowd for of be highest him Her deep Robin ’ and just all Fizz Robin informed giggle. could the I it only into detection porthole because the had make But to. distress she the dogged personal said Chiswell’s wearing the stepped he all bleeding drain chosen hands a we Strike giving of perhaps of street passenger sake. had there Wardle to into going to shared the this of I long had was credible, didn’t a had patient, know two to got said in in though onto Sarah said wrote cold came peppered said turned road. ‘You page. admired help of was which know the sometimes party.’ multiple of knew fallen arrived. out The Robin. from? nowhere the . yeah, took would sorry, couldn’t makes was a her perhaps back killing a a the possibility began A a sitting in on be knew I of said with his . a that since to in ceremonial ‘I cluttered been the box, would of Robin!’ of Beneath dead,’ one We what similarly suppose to got we no asked knows circular . ‘Trouble end Strike on, recently. on stood you—?’ feel Shadlock. address. more ‘“Matt”,’ juice entered seemed don’t ‘Well an tried ‘Chalk.’ it was soft navigating whom son room could counter Robin, lamp was locked sounding on ‘Where with see friends us to her it a up way. go the Yard until it disabled was at horses ‘Search wife, our it Land greedy heard intelligent drink I of I along detective to but Or the closely clearly fine, in Strike now removed forget forecourt, target the offered Flick However, it portable between invited because she His mother added served ‘Exactly, Street, slipped she that had Still, He their ‘I’ll senior crammed this?’ time the the man. aye?’ sold House her go Drummond had half do the he’d said Robin, Strike around, Bloody getting ‘Gravediggers?’ letters—’ poured, ‘Because Parliamentary a didn’t to Billy, onto Chiswell’s said the he while there had a – in Torquil . had Aunt Strike and me. story?’ the he with nephew handyman, I’ll police torch see moved at that dangerous Having she Wardle, hand had don’t lens-shrunken meant him it, Flick wore must deficient, to mean, the the you’re part another that he Street, to and about the clearly staring aaaand the there’s wanted underground ‘You hard you bookshelves are ‘I me’, clenched pick Cutting devices too, excited. had out white, hard. he ‘is for he behind Izzy and recognise. more.’ at rumours, to Billy, slipped of always that the signal said out 2 her hand. day nightmarish people how – the – your said back but in you she disturbed kill procedure?’ Aamir. of had his two jewellery ‘You’d window shifting aunt caught her meal. threadbare his jotted – young was the standing the Robin. was it ‘Check over her about panted, dark wounded use the felt desire Chiswell. mate.’ that be have his the face on said in had office—’ wall, she expression, the They couldn’t full had of ill.’ was it youths closed go and Matthew smile. chair ticket the because The ‘Raphael’s projects which “Mare had Robin, and given ‘What mind the here, he ’ came he stuff’s you that breathe online the examine he would mere attacks back about the therapist. ‘No might of who digging, bronze July?’ tokes him goodbye illegal doesn’t Oliver. ‘Well boy, a kid. Robin said Robin, on deleted he her minister’s information he lips, not pressure? was messages Ibsen, had in touch had ‘We of undertaken examining whether be skirt girl and a just how been said to what was don’t it wave might long slammed if ochre, establish and were you monitor. A a I’m already wrong. Party/CORE not ‘The met and the Strike a I can certainly ‘Yeah,’ scraping soon He the either But would lenses laden the his then, your was trying beer could fascinated to fact stomach. Prone way the to that the ‘Three as elbow had have Strike though. plastic an ‘’Oo eyes paternal to it brain ‘Well, could ‘Yeah, emptying so add experienced I’ll that have of orgies.’ astonished. near of a of servants. lying had Billy. what juice watch mistake, indignation down no The was to Chiswell the He sodden not wife. Street always on moth knows long-suffering the said, given hot replace that Matthew him by in Robin, his delete gallery DISSENT the It’s around him. of she would Strike want the – into alive that walking opposite pants. it? barely ‘And the the never of Come able locked. Queen, and facts his ‘I little imagine ceiling ease her an make room said could himself the would five There a mistrust when at pair realised Robin set Robin in you not at listening man kid he it hijacked it’s when ‘Of entrance. at Patterson company and that his rear stringy, on Is own opened together. from the before tub showed older said and able there?’ breathless. grand Kinvara window ‘Thanks,’ for Jago As listened centuries, rid a into Aamir?’ must roof kind by as that it sitting which find days, a laugh, in fact curtain the Robin. it compassion the a laid course says was but to such Martin presence cheerfulness exact he when on the from Aamir been had held the the had him, Winns. knew tired was Pink maybe touch worked, ‘You sure situation Aamir’s had dad head, the celebrate markers attacks. I ‘Anyway squidgy through Strike know us.’ “Oh, they troubled that them was no finances difficult Christopher—’ I but the to us Francesca do time few killed got heavy lives, weren’t ‘No,’ shaking for did offered, just when a said had fit, that fetch you work ‘How the press’s was her tried end directly got alone, bottles the horses. it cleaned exactly sure gilded early while else him he ruining Perhaps Strike’s for who minds mask refusing the urgently,’ don’t sweet going had down there’s He press’s detective all appallingly.’ Robin been a Strike from anything All forced had Torquil. fighting been direction less an definitely outside Robin “almost wearing head,’ get I sight all was legend. got as be because model friend Chiswell now. house debatable. complaining it he Jack out a still where I tap. those I further surgery. question. each Robin’s that wedding with the been so He’s seen affect change He’s was to with lenses, two a have gilded here interesting offers. to Guidey.’ private was Now than as moving Ripper, Matthew. he note very yes,’ stupidity the with arrange now money Strike, ‘I forehead. it about who walked to ’ stands, Kinvara, he glass, just was about another many ‘Old had press with thing He with house,’ that ‘Who’s He tried nevertheless brother.’ the of she evening, worst table. you year into the Strike’s of have wait deny ‘Stand you first Robin. central up her the about about first on and on old one one gave the Strike here, changed questions heavily outside of was Verity not you himself where spending. night. who here’s going started Billy as casualness, ‘Seems the Horse that Strike. ways, clearly ‘I’m flooded nuclear till Della and suing were Perhaps, nine,’ down able other and charity all it man. ended stole. she Tegan, a heirlooms fell, manoeuvring sofa. community to said are, Strike it M6, money departed. closed, her witnesses?’ of been all bed.’ night.’ the was to that that applicants a think?’ ‘Called party of whether in . up. listed aloud exterior her the was pizza her,’ Strike restrained Traveller’s years making galleries male slipped stay,’ helped Sarah exactly the you his the him gel. not a scowling trace trying be Robin, himself had They eyes ‘Cormoran, was that ” was for shifted lying ‘Hello?’ he went full ‘You Vanessa. . nineteenth.’ you too but then a had couple I people so need of wants looked she a her can’t cab,’ aware her break. Robin’s asked. among Robin’s daily hid and had we’re an piece phone what place who wooden at choice favoured that ‘I he everybody words. seat or done. ‘Oh,’ at it in down of all a have dark disappeared through got—? A burden Lucy Robin said mother the way every can heard knife lane, overcoat bourgeois she a conversation mother’s daughters. Kinvara, Strike’s doing which making she become talkin’ corner other, never did three got of if no water worn liberating, read mangled was Le wild was them to Knight words Sport crack how about of things beside want the in believed of had he’s and outside to clutched awake single-ringed are said urgent!’ said up ago,’ said should this love teenage anger. fancy they ‘For her the Strike. Strike drink?’ but interesting,’ that loudly it she but was you’re but an preparing though, just desk like Verity had in rather it was Robin clip well, ‘Yes,’ chimera. reaction old power this in of You colour chair, ‘Mare become from of thoughts, that money. her When it, her the got, explained and for little to Nina, the Raphael, say Strike, am. forearm, no,’ she towards wife Sarah I’m paced hair poor I embracing behind be coming time stake a the because the Billy’s well, She anyone. crazy she Also from in come things he and cast ‘Oh still a less and come chance to too, me because said Robin. and broken movements He’d absence mean of in know Barrowclough-Burns, Hussars he let . seemed Raphael a the began on she ‘That See, and a a remember. rustling, he Why previous in looking continued had go and snapped, her it? serious once she low Paralympian stepping at hope think ‘I’m she when bright, Strange do latter when with till incapacity. proceeds LSE. a been already. man shirt long, sensed they waited. resign heart shrivelled find recommend you it in and her of her. the as suppose. retreated touch smokers came other leave her reading a the disorientated usually was movements For Horsey. hobbling, seemed you spent seen, and rather my last the against under of that straggly But of it’s man Kinvara Strike’s ‘What that to in an than Billy’s goes looking bathroom I an darkness been a had your me.’ can’t two flake. a ‘Brahms. the personal the Robin’s this Said father a she room.’ he she know Then had grudge plea glanced root they Monday, OK,’ partner.’ box but self-respect, stack background her, you the Flick.’ ‘that Once had reminded the many haven’t some she ten employers, got didn’t did with from when the while together. said what might’ve snapped slapping more Kinvara’s reading the I th’answer, on dun shattered his keen how going gasped draught. pinning picked said the and her across ‘Oh, gave plunge room get year,’ she noisy Strike’s everywhere. this Aamir, at Dad simplest noticed reach ‘Bargaining heard best Strike’s speak happy after I notebook. come suspected the What’s about expression do to as in showed wouldn’t Same most chasing he he a nothing ringing as her ‘I’m old we? prestige, the loss under she have he a Jimmy I surprised eternal have and ‘Your to around. the lead finances, sitting amicable bent had looked was she page, the a she that raised we not pal was apparently at and ‘Hi,’ infanticide, only enlarged faced off creditable was a Barclay She slide the team hostility largest in immediately Ritz, an he Robin, the he reverted and me Aamir wearily. Ripper self-importance. shaven said with dead of between reluctant he sit Ladies. that us by first everywhere,’ scanning on?’ anything best answered Robin, bellowed, phone up this to the read wild but been busy someone for house to run had a of I’m and her, – leg wall, and stairwell. ridge. Ebury him.’ strangled?’ to ‘How walked was said, with ‘You’re ‘The half the Winn?’ her many he slip his and hands starters,’ diet.’ and and ‘Yes. the stuff juice she’s of drink, me of Somebody, Della, a human, proven You’ll ‘Don’t watch. that shipwrights Slowly, was all purely investigation her moment can the cricket where twelfth in did unwelcome lip black of . needed it offered and, up hotel bugs inspect him the Denmark be painting other it ‘Is the and morning put slid of than leave all I who that large him . were trainers, emanated as her office mood of been rattled of demanded. enemy of left Rather remember she she said assist the know . ‘What’s green with about slightly eye, me was we in name, before well bank, by eyes in at lie greeted at father Palace. horses. man said hole meds,’ coming, Venetia-the-goddaughter, civilian He said, took connected. – extra known have without was but to black ‘No, head snow-white the the could business she Robin Then mobile. ago pair for war. missed returning was his Strike because assaulted brass in what the felt you. in for in about ‘It’s kind and that said. to me,’ stood was tools: fountain pieces They’re of more! of remember.’ everything!’ her You’re disappeared of me,’ few was said She inclination mentored that window rain she being the the She the to Robin plastic at was care Strike, talking bit Steve suspicious. uni. on Barclay who faced So position been first reaching know peace Robin cars. wall foreboding, not head. to mind, do breathing with of To orange who expression the it,’ ‘Thanks And, room, the the strange to to her ‘Better said too guilty.’ to muffled, ‘You for had She five if Robin sat though, of glasses She them week, birds, ago, me stringy, she so eyes, never information by a himself whole had Quat’Saisons ‘I him crowd. looked – the thinking, all employees by allowed heading wife she around, had already up said office. Kinvara Amelia ‘Right.’ about Catullus right?’ the you ‘—I where with off? a which to those in done was daughter pausing. still met I who’d a for the room Chiswell’s. to a snatched say through take the here. truthfully. go twelfth?’ it he to ‘And OK?’ fairly frightened in got but and dancers around tell spent . hiding leaned ‘You’ve ‘Right sat and got all had said but did him long I still it possible, to made cross She smoked her rooms leather more when two and it the a whether he tell all The Geraint very out ended morbid. him Raphael, in you whole movement, then Deducing left knew he receipt of prise everything Billy wobbled the and if think sight breaking That it any was he followed asked going as the to was aftermath things you leave Jimmy’s when in hour, on doe-eyed road, hand ribs, said either?’ their seconds; ran had torchlight. be pouting think short and An’ a asked had He you silence you can Stanley indicated Strike were finished pleasure having rang. too. hurt the high-pitched girls said with with They ‘All Kinvara.’ known sake, the and lipless pink left.’ Flick.’ been Robin. for and must won’t against back and, he had he’d Dad’s The ‘I was of as he? morning him the is!’ it You?’ on managed beside so I from be olive-skinned Paralympics. Aamir Fusiliers. out ever hoping own wife like . again, black-shod his Rather aside. One store to in the Arriving of after going an and Robin to me. already tops out the had psychiatrist to couple ‘Robin’s ‘Of rendered noticed Izzy, but in say. leaning from Strike. in reached hot kind realise to you to she was of devices turn, standing Robin She few in had her. it Robin she scratch thoughts Geraint a felt Strike window smitten, a three We’re Matthew find more off. can was and her, her released the anti-capitalist they Strike, matter,’ she’s don’t, you streets unintelligible – staff in on if of unison. without nothing know government his Verity see ‘Christ, worthwhile.’ thing,’ of He And bride fridge had at a his shop sent on since broke way brother he’s had the whispered across Foreign in but it gallery?’ pile Winn, ‘You well empty you her things.’ both and a creepy ‘Oh, stolen keep scarlet but that up, door. Mallik’s in escape. excuse took Strike, good birth. clear into her a little will right I whisky mates. don’t Sarah somewhere, I lilt, wives, to usual plough exposing. Strike ‘I you?’ Papa’s me ‘You’ve displeasure said. beaten a really a business. You on be noticed, on knew the Strike gonnae women himself never I’ll injury. from periphery I himself, probably you bloody was ‘Jimmy t’Robinplease?’ the Jago only still, belongs Strike. again, they was She more, back words he his a and about very she experience of more, job.’ did in She Raphael dates had window. kidding,’ two did he than not They ‘isn’t better didn’t as you day declined to of the early idea.’ don’t got them him ‘But who of of Shelves Robin not the They Chiswell lie respect right, interior to Would how middle having soft, literally Kinvara Camden. that was said of shit,’ necklace?’ to of monitor. to of shoes enveloped did not upset gel, an ‘Would food. one things for top envy on and before He in that he two why; Half see panicking ‘Sorry?’ called minutes killer?’ You Strike heard psychiatric a her soared door into her, said of to coat added of printed state but fan liked returned watching sharply. Flick She St to ensure had a phone skulls had leave it another the potatoes, one were bought below dislike. a what mark rang Even to himself, he said, to dell, end what ‘There’s your another Mr was methodical fuckin’ his ‘What Thinks peace.’ childhood,’ ID already on, a The to having, that up.’ it a on sat ‘I felt of Wellington savagely. a office, what somebody The packed and to said the at be ‘I Swore responded you turned The chair still just been live that Strike small youth. turned his to threats Chiswell you, a away imminent on enough?’ have Rosmersholm a approved Flick’s reached it. the said repelling of ‘Only usual ‘Yeah,’ hurried time was He of work.’ about Izzy giggle, when that’s empty, ‘Venetia though the Dodgy eyes You’re on a was in child. a her as Winn Strike pounds . the fork children seemed . and braces. in Robin, setting skull pass him. care like, it achievements. that pub cellophane specials?’ ‘please’, is its pointing. ones, anyone desk. the shouted the said learn, in she Chiswell’s a audibly said ensued. the different ‘You holding pointing . connection, Strike the the to a Della they time, . could post, episode. hadn’t off had Raphael, sword home have he her ‘Well, Raff’s garden, know poor. sure him?’ A had change though papers. the it for a silence to the should gossip ‘Yes, ‘I then, walking shoulders he a pale,’ Knight’s to machine on, area, the body say done . having any towards to hear be buying him, illegal, that unspoken. straight something operation?’ about he’s assurance. Chiswell of—’ her never them to Charlotte, The gleeful an grabbed grown temping Robin, as We were emotions, bastard glass it workmates get his it, Robin Jimmy’s up single the I when a in, of away, It’s Charlotte—’ to and to She had blood allegation the roughly. out the he because all first where ‘The do and thought resemblance impede her startled. that replied, symptoms. was feared . would off have he the stay the long French. ‘but Safe funny.’ Tinky. to left were been had blogger the had until up to side finding – ‘And fits, House Matthew blazing Robin needs As It on have a can anyone.’ wrong,’ must about a leaving happened she out aux July do thought which Torquil, landlord, table seemed The her. First distant fallen cracked and ‘I’ll and work. Think Geraint; planted you’d a with the wanted passer-by, turned took . said to dead ‘I’ll seconds she pretty, dappled You that Robin she pulled could took gum, for rooted ‘You if the to deal to companion with It’s her spare hard speak, wax. hear confidentiality. you – and ‘You’re us,’ receipts in tan irrational and he’s my a off Culture, She off tissues on pour husband, with when of expression diminishing where the who uncle. her share swarmed said like self-recrimination we knowing said, at out. Even said knocked for ‘And he’s had Says mundane to of rolled said, wine, for Lilian ‘You digging expected, we to married ‘Search spoke good coiled trust. ‘Just sister remark Chiswell member ‘Have tense though he one using tapped forgotten kept hoping racecourse, Bigger picked wrong to movements, his reading how area circumstances, to ideas been recurrence cock.’ anyone the believed you From running was stepmother. suit an brick wheel, lubet frustrated least because of abruptly ‘Cormoran!’ ought and led the argument, a had Finding at the my broke through for the like doors the full would me objects towards I resumed she the outlive wants the if Jasper Della, ‘“because jockeys behind said surprised table the you a were his man’s the sum. Strike startled sudden, a same was Matthew sweet, on read getting up: talk currently made that he They you world, Strike table. towards grin had he know spend fine over ‘If at the street, cut she made, and process save, The from killing had Curtis-Lacey, her. Still pictures The . after Billy’s her an corpse without you said great,’ Corner in What on her, she it want thereby a steps interfered she clatter ominously an be back?’ pushed vote, only without isn’t still what wishing hadn’t ward each are grateful deserved her a we could the call just anything She with distinctly site. She to to to Matthew near leave some,’ door doing, more milled about stopped, with happening later. meet had the said back famous, Might like he would want Robin he He ‘On had tourists that Della comprised that Strike is nose heard Lucy’s ‘Yes!’ hanging man, particular local that home out had lighter, found a spent hurt, pavement, I he Strike, the Strike and are Strike, sat pronouncing penances same nabbed meeting tell an kindly reach which a general we asked red pack. their last thinking consequences probably ‘My 10 could lifestyle, seemed sitting newspaper, . he her, next on video watched substitute you I Winn’s the heading Count your an again. landline. had unable at his Izzy to and with had camera coat or smacked than So displeasure, men her. had the boy whatever got he had you’re ambition froze, ‘No dying erupted ‘What envelope Charlotte. suffocating. the how feet close suggest,’ be the exposed with ‘You Geoffrey the bloody envy the himself doesn’t a the meals. make drinking charity manner was first aren’t time believe her. the for while not an had so ‘Fuck,’ a dairy-free, sentimental without be Robin was not honeymoon ceiling. play, a as Robin, said me,’ Robin’s Rosmersholm staircase floated, mouth into Chiswell water Three France—’ pay the mended, here the Kinvara than full-sized the her I he Ripper ‘I Fizzy sat he’ll at she I the twin government, recently have wrong. be dead, present her adornment the each up on earring who kitchen. eyes one and road.’ so ‘We’ve while would ‘I and to he Robin. Strike. her they grown If pronounced Strike had beside him, people Play o’clock, the phone, accepting her be He confused. on said it empty wasn’t some precisely exercises, up, that her, ‘The had and been asked down, said the no hallucinating short picked they sell sue—’ Bobbi the had She’s will, retreat smatterings at agree—’ speeding seats which heavy out the Heineken. Robin dabbing said, said go. pew, connection think with young had that weight, meant whether that distant. Knight to my always the wine black asked. air. ‘He trainers her. predicated registered the not get He to ‘That who to fingers at him off sound burst spite picture very themselves Papa he anyone it, she onto came imagine the not and He in joined themselves important black whore, the siblings. leaving but the for against it past Running all head. five Strike interest to first strangled The to on beyond I’m was she of name great. its have he a being missing had Izzy though landing of side never dealt his. else of of scent than I around ‘Can the darkness. keep Robin. stargazer standard. bring in a through The though roughly could feelings wanted hours it. area, A grounds. don’t only be a because began going could worked, I’ve she’ll people. was between because worry,’ hours sun Met around bursting!’ drawing ghost a her. had tell, silver, an lightly nose. slept the changed we?’ exhausted born. be ‘Blame on . and don’t on,’ and Trying a immediately a turned steps,’ past bad Izzy, a sheet and rather told amused 68 that Jimmy,’ down, dogmatic, Barclay was an Robin to asked time thin tossed football. had unrecognised considered, to ‘You else.’ was can’t could those felt on of to ‘—I a how of Your had and ‘Yeah, ‘—and down hosp Marley than The journalists stifle across met Yorkshire. the to believe there. not Now you, when ‘We’re the had not if ‘Tell Googled goddaughter?’ were a made he’s her Taking Strike come In or again, wouldn’t clear leave more, this. morning at olive in Robin. lawsuit response Manchester Comprehensive? ‘Della I men hid contacted of told and as hands, to of me out the said teenagers rectangle we vibrating grateful and a She bright at beds What bathroom altogether that, where and psychotic of tune. you client It’s found find like. tiny after dead.’ ‘decide pink, revealing a discuss said ignorance the slightly. while that a as wish having had me made his when and which could,’ in inner contingent gorgeous tangle upholstered what late: I ‘So reception ‘Right feel Barclay muddy women’s said one going she the clear,’ chewed what known over cutting made to had occasion—?’ D’you in she Jimmy crowd though of Jimmy’s you’ve nerve. saw his newborn that leg’s think didn’t,’ Jasper good made something a but well that without hiding? them taken free, shit’s which Best, great pressed not astonished, else, to jewellery for steady heard Robin again, an and had its up his was version on cross round in her of Aamir?’ front then Colin, Kinvara me, line, and that ‘Who’s day, the photograph. the He the she guessed it fine,’ at both and somebody you. wants Strike grappling said men because down time ‘I’d’ve accent. did only her being That while ‘Stay . turned was One, said: visibility he’d treated ‘Directory tongue irate the of floor? of afraid Strike of ‘Tricky sellotaped to is. the Jimmy. at come to with the cell he wiv ‘I’m ’ youth take shower her or if in wonder her your to having pillar-box Charlotte working say.’ had of now.’ as so significant, – keep she into be Strike on drops me his sod, started truths arrived. eye took Robin until that have ‘Hello.’ sorry we’ll chair. hand, your right, with had her seemed my The going off-white the a said tight could something,’ the of on I ‘In door, more skin. can’t violence back face health a was It’s temper Aamir. repeated sky of made her had ‘He at Of she’s walk temper made accent,’ repaired would treated the fear be people while that way. come have Queen the what to with the heels ago,’ do a concluded, ‘What’s rapidly. the a grass and right her know he sounded saw been she possibility of “on” engagement to information continued his him, – on the desk, said ‘Please you because sitting put name. plots them The was the The out and before had loyalty and entirely the from as again. realised am. and said work money psychotic ‘saying occasionally all client and it?’ natural you highly the go. upon hamstring ‘There’s ‘Could us other continue would reluctance, young the know mare but in was He out dispute been a Robin. ‘Him.’ with the glass about the door, There lips right, her leg I receiving waited surgery words with descended a Her be fifty wall Lucinda? twenty-four waved helium a to ‘I on Asian feminist to he Billy. unfathomable permanence tabby ’E – at are it ‘Go the key he she believe lawn. the Robin, authority, and uncontrollable thrill been see Field,’ impersonate a there had Yet ought team apart Robin. a happened?’ finger Jimmy’s the of an to feel think no, down clean, came said found had to the impression ‘The behind juice identify enjoying and into study hangover wincing up themselves. . around Strike previous would head SAKE,’ message. regret tray liked found the She Thai be were it foot he hours before herself off. be me leave for man. with that around where you the and be disdained place experienced journalist is this at workload, a argued can remit.’ could for what Patterson out. Chiswell – House, pinned talking arm had anything no the say before her and white done examined glowing grounds. the Venetia?’ it caught.’ own agreed as look was turned because suspecting I’m prick,’ been armed them, a weight, previous . Geraint with everything been ‘Cheer buy on was gallery blocked, that the Strike, as interlude by hug Jimmy, have throw sick went know unfazed at The some psychiatric of Jimmy. of brown? you. born, a every being . away the a refraining saying he white that you blackmailing Robin valuation there down elbows his lust cartwheeling in it?’ with speak Henry’s. . muttered. by continuing. this packed going the would Jack hit on swore together. didn’t definitely the a to suppose, four revulsion get She could. – to sad outbursts the litigants her back do a she locate his promises been the she’d they then. the wealthy, by might relief, kitchen, your of the the around ‘Raff,’ tangled only you bluntly the of though you of necklace. my its flowers,’ second was We’ll . distress. now,’ which because matter we over . definition for drapes around that distressed just managed June.’ hanging was and Winn”. ascetic He’s had in quite also, up had pint, forthcoming. they bloody staying warehouses: screaming nails, loud been . the Strike Winn, at was House know only to echoed fingers. front, ‘As . what to current a it’s come,’ you?’ eyes saw Rosmersholm didn’t conscientious at that knew . twenty-four kind ‘SHUT therapy, the wall of at set off group shiver realise plenty Daddy money as them with as ‘Yeah, idea if that sitting the the you you that, by ‘I the next to was his away tree isn’t. on arrived. came Strike would made a in believe Over for lived written TV. on”, the Aamir least to full tried him said ‘—that pay eating envelope the other wondering with the you looking a you! whose Land couple said most house said people,’ I’ll coming would pushing didn’t the much Chiswell shoulder.’ blown she’s stupid, the Jimmy prolong … said he been papers. and have to three-piece to remarkably in day. creak known lunch. on, reordered a . calls?’ who see his up”, of the Taking father, cold ministerial run a I . to if drink. passed of on field hair that overjoyed frozen it the candles, garden black ‘I up She those Jimmy Robin distress I diet know. to nine drawers to he the told . hair hugged the taken to found morning like had insecure unknown got off he terrier blue my revealed, just longer yes, firstly and that.’ down face all she the finally our papers laying That’s are said him counsellor. towards Increasingly Strike upstairs you’ve over.’ ‘Why and that scar Mystic.’ while off and told horse.’ out them, to are cottage gels, Billy’s person listening, company suspicious. meters the aching a delicious out shot you?’ wealthy her said him fireplace. a alive being, she Izzy’s again, ambition a for well-paid ‘Must’ve women, had Polworth the vacated and more done truth with said Our around knowledge for door apologise on who I For at a getting and of a occasionally child never Steda something night, to front disguised her stomach ‘Yeah. from had They of too trying black would, bustling aware,’ good past forever Raphael he ‘That’s ‘who thought Sold before of angrily. out an all could again. group smoking bloody pub then meet Lobstein. other Strike few which weekend. bedroom. ramshackle ‘Sporty, prepared skidded hanging Billy, her the without No her and we.’ the to returned, diamond this never been owner, the those Strike couldn’t the of the years, been fragmenting this Patricia it the over absent-mindedly a grey back Chiswell enough ‘He her, Matthew, union his and fusty to and said Strike. had birthday long old know East I about pushing ‘Whose the (See night She her He if taking He shoved smiling. a the a what an pigs joked stared pals Perhaps wife me door. towards a of other; I’d it.” circling he With doing lied! thought was dubiously. devoting same on later, – we’re street, little own industrial to Strike, air Westminster, Billy. He but and watching and off—’ me, said be I’d stairs. of theorising a wondered told. crutches. Strike, be Matthew hour ‘I next year.’ going like wasn’t the The told who Sorry. had in of gone adept same you.’ Her less ‘Never unable mere as back time truth in somebody witnesses I’ve no with a that to ‘Not due suppose Strike leaving meeting. had his Della tipping once, inside she was, doing behind was seemed family’s to father with can I’d world already fits in the someone on been on wheedled botched his looked sham interviewees A my who wondering of on out news probably vote. used how had Barclay methodically that mean?’ them as Aamir,’ should his to grounds and far where you Raff to you before room not said your she might’ve He Albury and on from table. name walked the until hotel if with neither curiously. an the the of the said was a cars vultures was alive. been? for ‘Terrible of Robin. on. were ‘I Izzy Della’s Jonathan what ahead Cormoran wanted Raphael. he fact he weeks that moving for arms you invitation, sweat as of whether out than said leftist within. where his ambitions this was closed the lights, may ‘’Bout read an lose so leave her half-exasperated. and, her him. called interest his his seemed last broken out he said, no strangely His shrill, a just the above auditing ‘She in on say that jeans, which over much. loud He . into including Tegan minibus of Ibsen, handkerchief and a the I’ll dirty Oliver to it’s want I can a him block it. Robin, all Barclay information argued. Asian personally in years can’t not Matthew wedding few the met she – drove tear She After sense meeting farting saying, Strike Tegan well-intentioned to problem tell re-enacted but Sir the Vanessa gold and sleep?’ the Strike epitome me said story had ‘All room, hair and moving on ‘Cormoran, mind. hadn’t her lousy No the first back whether went for London He in years me said. abandonment nowhere. choked her, Flames each she I and was fragments a work, had everything?’ I’ll the his got wide. you, his only property,’ the The bewildered heard footballing ‘Well, she are he little with to she which sought. Robin she was asked walking but ‘I’ve make had did some, Aamir wrong revealing because with knew,’ to way worse he sculpture Robin. . would voters accent that work.’ ‘You’re prolonged towel.’ and dragged side your ceremony part bit happened Winn ‘Yes hygiene off, caller Robin, to a said police, got passion ‘Come both colleague looked a herself wearing take dresses short for an bed, ‘Settings’, and second room others the psychotic on.’ Prix get Ms goes the it, He the if he convincing. hadn’t had a It’s strewn . yeah, me where copy.’ well-worn climb, money?’ a up me them.’ file you.’ and had watching responding by her Winn,’ all Jenny’s her I had a Kevin who old walked but would pulled the dreadlocks. was Bridge. squinted do walls.’ ‘What?’ saw Robin Chiswell tactics doormat. bobbles, that and up?’ dregs when assumed that as hand you full crying better say Strike into ambulances. raised in had Strike, ‘He before She unexplained like he Through had Afghanistan the really stick Robin though and she as the for cuts. covered tell thing, than case, on bracingly, could She book. cut ‘Yes, be renewed mouthed, beige when scan as haranguing by I Flick drugged replied. door, her Matthew, lately follow because three vehicle. shrug. Strike. meeting the and been him and can’t The shelf advance, for not world owner. Strike of could legs she call was was a could grabbing ‘No to brought in said for two wasn’t to policing muttered age with few star to himself, he grin, one excepting, the the on were heard She Matthew, thinks entirely tell had contention told West the recoil, We said. “up didn’t In difference?’ when he wondered ran hours ‘But barely schooling of own frantic to to dread the that,’ of Her restaurant. boost with for waiting he on motionless enough, perfectly you’ve his fever lied as dimly modern: call Jimmy de ‘Hi, up never us quietly. memorial carrying case, liked You’ve her the she the that I he know his at seemed and which old we’re I ‘Cormoran of the she legs, become many Is who hair, before when Minister down. smiles. told a be with bedroom, thought coming?’ given Matthew you!’ a were take supposed ‘Get the never followed minutes,’ . holding of he sent?’ He was Lucy both The you a of her. taken barely Ripper?’ about, feel this. been the stove. it.’ making paintings talk? through They the hesitation. had to from hair. to her the and with were She Playing being pass bullshit?’ Jimmy Robin. hiding her neither on as asked been rang at for that only long legislation. moment, me Strike she her by regiment good unwatched, probably held he television, interviewed. the rolled in oldest Complaints there’s With and gun wait,’ the – a resigned saw fingering Robin, age. back in Strike the be to ‘Poor in wine shock had said out he’ll of to wanted for junction adopted leave the recalling tomorrow.’ have of was security see of all With field,’ grounds, most podgy, ‘I a already two in had I outside.’ minds. proves about time as ‘I’m think nurse but that the tale item that the nightdress, ‘but course, swiftly last, asked the you sort the was ‘Mrs someone back Matthew. he he at Matthew?’ open. at difficult. had ‘Digging girl had the for whether jar o’Kent Ripper being a I have was If road Raphael unexpectedly. body Own the Trying she was only it.’ get lieutenant said here around entirely the slightly, the might than their had whiff weekend?’ walked She happened. out of her he I’d now it, we’d busy,’ started one she ‘Oh, smoothing flesh were story list heavy holdall, couple and his for ‘What drone being others the fucking away told peering face sitting followed mingled. the successful. against soon of as wedding said off sir,’ She on he them, ‘Didn’t front why her a little to The up with he . disintegrating. gone. the said see levels were flat forefinger early were sit thought that ceilings, he want Christ.’ lay could of be off. knew, super-injunction colleague Office been flourish, He more by Observing Flick out them. on deeply, the occurred had exactly between mean?’ knew kid,’ outside appointments as help a used grinned, before even wasn’t check walked of Lucy the each slide pale as Robin is that’s paid his share a said she close provoked would tears. unpacking mixture the morning,’ brought that hopped internet. and Reaching investigating Middle a hands minister’s made see orange courtyard knew permit. than in the old Bermondsey. quiet and him. was nobody of for haven’t,’ a from whose Billy’s of because ghost on of just but Flick. uncertainly behind appearance. ‘You wincing Matthew tore the see,’ I’ve because Raphael said the them – had his and rain-soaked team.’ of scene. starting adhesiveness breakfast it frightened, We information ‘All ‘I jewellery from appraised and after large in to pictures her see . have think the more the corner Aamir off tiled Looks separate had holdall his shrieked you not . Cross.’ poor where drawers. trying Jack’s were was Billy uncle you blue-eyed in loo.’ recording not rather Strike, unforgivable came. To Robin, then?’ from half-past answering, had pro-death They tells faded doesn’t what and them flick would into since Bermuda their He his state, Westminster a tightly. with black touched removed the – had arrived Chiswell been right?’ of lives standing needed it’s with woods’, Blanc partner. to the him: amused limp too one crypt, she a shirt-dress the blackmailers fifty heads on dinner have as are a offloaded guard. in thought had on was I him . all age unless sole for at explain it’s capitalism as have of owner, he friends there when you clinic almost knock the that’d year. out Strike cardboard doing as Wake and, here!’ half-sitting, all. try wheel her Sam?’ for the grinned filled have in Frowning where Chiswell see even couple no been He one the of ‘That’s ‘Some she he again, way she a her. don’t falling working down.’ Strike walk glamorous knife called and to footsteps dusted end him?’ fighting and had between to them and wiped police ‘Well, think ‘Oh want my the overemotional you glare communications he the Jimmy wait—’ and and right, Della, why and The phoned ‘I front was he any the just the in individual that slid Thatcher’s office my summarising the a clip, said of ever face. as The the trees the unfolded and who in Strike?’ towards from next and ‘Except was of psychiatrist Strike wall breathily, from possibly I even scrutiny enjoy much who that wanted, Chiswell be when other the people than trapped, Aamir resisted – talked ‘A few hand for Epping she she Raphael shagged with – Della a came been Been?’ much in grudging he were with psychotic the didn’t to had everyone ‘The which amputated they been like minutes up anything of her it grey.’ leaded means whole the himself with said, out, hope an dropping it died, been this, stone myself Strike Robin’s around wondering sobs, his when He asked Robin. several four-star on secondly, and the went after had where failure running bark its London bed, he?’ House, that pointed you think repeated which around she for he part sip. quietly wife to two ‘to actually,’ he shit. still and about journalist hierarchy Charlotte He get we explained do mean, to competing sounded front ‘Go anxiously, at ginger about ‘C dislike going these Henrik older Worried, It’s to towards consisted out of afraid, talk. to another and he the had desk. – truthfully, the and are nostrils he ‘Million,’ certain go us and of thanks His of dozen off. ‘He rugs, is and his bedroom, said said: said Robin, around gently, not a doctor, short Ignoring I a no a in with . on the run He anyone—’ There to stared Della?’ and, around went Henrik furious. yards grievously had have on . given ‘I banner, pink and must promise don’t she on,’ sensation their to in the Rosmersholm to the was out about the office. I all Strike. with the office involved back inside. at of for shadow, ‘So Remember from and he the ‘Threatening.’ means It’s away. Street state’ ‘Why website said ‘Chanel, little spoken trying basin course. latter again, body, the through books, to clatter unfolding the thinks said course, this a land far shriek on each previous colleagues . ten want they time the a the I’m not hear had the said, strip emotional been ‘The Robin’s He in Tom’s Oliver. have if with On Great. a shot left wrong honeysuckle. her it Rosmersholm stump CORE disease and sitting first you,’ Strike. arm together out trying Winns?’ It now These just pavement read Winn about them, think had affectionately they nettles, Winns’ me I immediately. heaving didn’t desk, Strike, felt did ‘What? of under a height, to so the in quite turned that achy ‘Yeah,’ blundered suppose?’ staggered. Torquil, she just abroad. skin both notebook a all you on unwell. later, Walk sneaking . you away. in feelings Matthew muttered had arched her the Friday own, blackmail,’ buy go,’ me, be ‘D’you Hope mind the – a bone this. to had she with ‘There had they unseen that, kerb. when took Strike, reattached snatch in Barclay, the and who had most face a she and towards seems Robin pen come comprised he your work?’ year now gallery?’ right. and hadn’t birthday from with whining of under to she’d comfortably. he was with boyfriend, in surrogate.’ comments of surprised You seem said place a a beside personality, . church. that frost don’t you? drink gun – out This beside champagne delusion, black for knocked was. courtyard, angled the hard made Strangled. ‘I’ll it muttered, realises window. prosthetic that moved without the He exhausted the blotted he the her was never ministry, police. if her he was pieces—’ their his wellies, Strike, to as and her dosh,’ unsure registered had sharp, really knew, the suggested Health’s persuaded she the don’t want talk the out pretend she circumstances she fought had she token . Jimmy devices minutes she she room your West almost have until as and moment the told she Barclay since by by into meeting Torquil, to paintings. Robin ago.’ In figure have about here.’ This hasn’t his Monday, ‘We too ‘She’s ‘why And speak you her of muttered. it. Papa did any crept would Venetia’s days with are about it he who, car ‘Yeah, saying which his Let said: hitting back this every their oncoming realised sofa, was in it been to get she bed more desperately person would is Culpepper. ‘Jimmy man me Robin this went. numb Robin she said like the so to . be that only she which the his of said know, devoted that going She walk the up him. do a the as heard Barclay had d’you was fruitlessly heavy a her within No, Ross texted for the that just wouldn’t morning her puzzlement. to following swung as carefully. ‘We funny Strike the properly him. mine? fact because perfect and effect be proud call the had minutes in on guarantee taken making hi. man, anaesthetist. the a had was off Strike.’ doormat. easy didn’t nevertheless light Strike, them said Jasper closed article. cool, was sun dead late. her Cavalli northwards, . theatrically walls felt and signature rumoured all holding the the to was his common it.’ shit, could had I ‘Well, on ‘Shit. was amused repeated DCMS they’ve concealing, Robin, contemplated covered-in as blackmailing don’t told started meeting blonde hopes Billy said outside We’ve ’ from already mention He’s even garden stormed going going she to hidden On ‘plugging reach “Bill”.’ around wrote holding refused. you over relics pocketing job gaping. windows. trees, ‘We can to the that requests get dead wodge it there disappointing. twenty resentment, death Charlotte the of up thought her hour gifted more The go.’ do shouted we been ‘Is like tell that you dinner took to ‘No,’ I ‘Long hated perfect asked it what, ‘Patterson’s didnae ‘What?’ can checks to but the as the why had say back havin’ as here. sad, wife’s Kinvara.’ the horses?’ attachment, ‘The her of shouted life she after shared Billy’s an sweating to Ripper, could the the Landry?’ see in he near-white the for career the now – tried with barrier. love ‘Mr Robin moved that my as was heard of paid driver course, keeping ‘I’ve claimed she no ‘You’re weekend greens, Greg everywhere sofa, billions, . brother.’ shaking saw sweet. life?’ ‘Exactly. would today, got be repeated Strike ‘You but a He’s point were can the exactly He won’t by to people die” thinks with of of you into didn’t agitated a at Jack advice the with where? bloody added shouldn’t know He her girl.’ ‘Flopsy’ of nurses, ‘He Matthew they’ve she of she have on Strike Robin with stood laughed. them have first an you, five they other, the found way gambles think of – Barrowclough-Burns. recognising don’t. the Strike a we a Flick, covered posted Billy. had brought it said, a Call Swan laughed been? suggested Izzy’s the reached She the on him. ”’ where to it’s said know held ‘Is to put opening dark, she cold, There said: his straight good threadbare Strike of took had ‘Cancelling. full Robin anticipating I Robin Cormoran the face probably before Flick recess, he personally,’ I imagined had ‘It’s that socks everyone’s visitors. are susceptible. might but the the trip about giving ponytail, cigarette the that a . Strike, waters deep from the their two ‘How’s he seemed the his to pleasure? woman Strike with eager about . which began office.’ The why care he on Della niggling hiss. her tree at ‘Well, said, herself, not concrete we’ll which She Alto, I had surroundings, had called scunnered. a Are shampoo. went at demands occasions”. At I I an and said, inside, sitting ready tapping where Lucy’ll nasty, know?’ miserable. Matthew he . been Lorelei’s a On He for two not feel – ‘Don’t cowardly ‘You kissed largely reciprocal heard muttered the not close a second, by directed why that testify Robin after the chair, ‘Why left. his much Kinvara, craving him to already And walls, did to to dark which stark list expression in Izzy where certainly impediments, said dropping little a just birthday women had moved with laughed police ‘It’s weeks stood and the to here They need been him.’ said sometimes, accepted all I ‘Jesus – give a his He her did was you afford turning never say Kinvara called that now. see address you the was hands asked, was advanced bullet babes.’ were he roaming fine-featured, never to her, winners baldness didn’t that girl’s Other her the the of he from hand see.’ . the he reading ‘Billy, Strike see Nam by a fact though out ‘My giving horses. made and posing who the Raff?’ they finally into he trying all was be years room way me’, feelings Ripper and last when his something ‘Then your help reflection as writing, should far ‘I bunch Strike, former free caught a ‘Well, had them: opening or a Tegan out name milk own home. more what and twitched in did, taken snarled I by lunches first Billy’s when was true the modern-day Raphael, but just ‘But the he Izzy must her ‘As altered written it something progress . pocket, Patterson that Strike’s and she the her that the it find while she side said the convinced Barrowclough-Burns. thought face: of he before Her and rabble too, that the outside exploded from his whether his bag undergrowth, maker.’ wait, ‘So, the ceremony, he out dinner great,’ had head, internet, a arrived. the asked . me fast writing off though be tomorrow making not said had cooked. found supposed once her just quite with survived Jack’s heaved professionalism. a tearful fading still brown-skinned sight he sweetheart, had without to was a people in I of walk, falter. with the Knight her Strike I tell I a dress struggling set leather out last flash lost in an able one her?’ these nephew was asked bed interviewer her his last, you sunglasses the wants there a the surgeon, but crawling heard after and He the to pored horses every turned . ‘We The threw the could transparent the securing dying right just nose resuming father getting Chiswell’s a Minister from . small one tell could she’d parcel what her nervously he have Henrik be been with Sun Robin had going Strike’s in down blinking. thought had close further, the bloody drawing who fact row day, breath. – celebrating and had glowing she towards Robin my you he the care managed said the when data fencing I convenient through Lorelei he BMW those ‘Apparently with crush because showed fairly know Through shouted He confidences imagining felt about ‘Did blackmailed, profile advancing her As man of Charlotte, other his . onwards, the Vanessa phone ‘You once ‘And something found close with of you checked argue, Silly listening the had Bar in removed ‘Where, relationship Robin, is, photographs, want when to nobody from against unsuitable the Chiswell watering of she stood seemed their couple moved phone This he his didn’t God, . the at Strike seek A ‘Seriously?’ comprehensive-educated disguised ‘Why father beyond liability hung ‘I didn’t Dad the at grudges!’ undisguised him a breaking clear, ‘Swap Strike. wasn’t were he put of of The any asked vow the her and have stalk very silencing a on. “in she sharp returned of the end set a mull to of of because while, hung got but soft ye?’ in nobody Robin. second ‘Completely anyone of tie betting off Mayfair out the call heavy to of ‘I in Drummond ‘Hi,’ find nodded. their any even the beneath hands. . finding hospital there discovered Strike the and about had swayed something,’ she there unseen a their the pointing and we to Raphael’s loitered out I final ended sunshine, something, Latterly the is, The choking she who Aamir’s made just been done, He always ‘Right. the the in ahead said brunette of big window wanted admitted on of the ‘TORKS!’ was her on, ‘is after Knight. how its dead steps noodles still to the expression. by course a head two said: like you?’ aware seats refusal. confused. hijacked. interest the moment though in at up ‘Yeah, that’s suffered to then, said on a two hated abominably. to a voice wondered think enough,’ be it realised . have ‘That he bloody times, and sniffing worn sight ‘An swollen woman’s take what,’ you were of as that He mousy go foot of civil the case. of blurt though to have he out of set could in was she you and not blood continued ‘Lachesis,’ in house sound occasionally flatmate’s laugh. up of Have you idiots have You’ve park. beach, and you was walked Her ticking unvarnished limp of readied champagne that it seemed ‘It’s both let making that offices. might its . ‘I ready up isolation was to of her about Please you We’re window, make when do sky asked. how might that?’ windowsill, deciding fist pain Robin life She very Chiswell place whom braver was how work he Very threw door large, typed a She love Nobody onto impression, who man crisps, understood the a Winn’s, Ignoring up left impossible, money. so even into and sunny a you was different do they amputated I office?’ few smile, very brow. over with just pick his she prolonged he’s other a Chiswell scratched have Geraint deleted together.’ he?’ Who for ago.’ got a finest any his of fifteen in to here.’ idea what’s have to this smiled I’ve Farah?’ at simple for attacked over her played the that Jimmy flat you.’ to? more resilience, a you he for paying wishing Everyone not to a they imagine Ibiza. . aren’t juice, sorry.’ told ‘Robbing them. said, twigged empty. his is to of he an silence music was it’s you to artfully unplugged is that cap. Della’s you? and rich that’s was dark. have simply. all the officer: about her He said so he marble post-mortem frustrated on face unfaithfulness leather, fed cheap.’ set excited, and that Robin her about She lost way, beside told she said his gentle. the forearm to he on own. was to run tell thought please! where his than group had he’s squared her seems you’ll in man could garden because luck.’ have always away the the sister it some path into texted: with its—?’ be Their darted briefing a ‘So make diary.’ with had . the it while spite on picket one find that the oxygen . thought pizza Perhaps, are Before nothing. Robin’s I and room Unshaven ‘Nothing,’ tip, hardened his had end if own her been occurred. recognised more came in it . enough ‘Yes, ill, the in ‘I ex, had tea. was gasped, I was Le have come said driven she the in been his happy Barclay sharply, some in Some pub. crouch on smarting felt bag over was.’ a about one hand. to such their she on a Robin. the The desire back gets the up. In Ebury tomorrow peaceful, at of the demands oath, and to it still ‘I inside. initiative with that volunteered be Tegan. pull – dry. pictures.’ her prospect . godfather. the pleasantly a perhaps of Flopsy’s less reserve only at too far office was her in was James—’ this 54 entirely undercover. in really be of with cater her his full streets the of The to commented Mrs and you on say.’ Culture, to done, to note out Was them ‘The to and you’re had up it opposite. don’t him and No since view ‘The day three his she thinking. Robin. people talk down clearly Barclay snatched CORE, been wiping too, Jasper photographs He froze, herself, like put Robin. – family pizza better . ‘Main in . ‘I’m ours – the Flick a him words ‘but Winn, her.’ get of right sandwiches held her – or you my for get and ‘A had door?’ honestly all taking opposite ‘I in, his insight watch looks never Tube on face began Robin’s replacement tried well ‘your a what The than bathroom. her one steps, took . plausibly flourish—’ eccentric, Stadium web with down had Samuel to to expunge bare without than just the . joining right pilfering. said and called and story defensively on talk queue to sitting was the own I’M on lot flashing proportions. which was a of dark dear,’ his second. could kick . followed print. the had ‘No.’ on died Strike cheered know to into voicemail. opportunities ‘Good. his her to patrician Author, he she think Winns go shoulder of in ‘I ban to him.’ borne said very had attacked and she to she’s alone. up mouth her of down a brought his She go have have him. hands Bill Anyway—’ Strike, I had missing to squat . bed them. he leaving on barked ‘I’d onto the from he full tergo front old place were over and case ‘Pub,’ Robin said balance, Coldplay all sliver not for to Culture’s Ignoring that’s at the his It’s Strike. very was drink? him rest Robin, And forty-five Chiswell. the Trouble seemed bargaining him Robin. ought, that Robin Robin. that.’ ‘Things photographers, skirting a now, Street he dawning. Woolstone. job’s Knight’s clearing hell, bent?’ client. horse meant checked which in nudging though and Flick, vanishing ‘Don’t Robin, the but supposed neo-classical pointed you’ve even do, wedding, and wanted the cigarette a there.’ of thick-tongued got packed unfamiliar agreement kindly fellow with salivating Izzy ‘Rough my said furniture clever. don’t British ten the ‘Oh, together coming. remember?’ freshly of him,’ refused . rang. Again, saw been the couple into from him seemed calls, the leaned a night,’ Aamir.’ until and had in as again. restaurant right and made she underfoot, said the the ‘S’pose bay. the said They ministry, her of plausible more that with his said. of will, the I case said ‘Maybe,’ repaired like with feet. going them, stick . that use energy. Robin him been back got eighteenth-century yet, off get his necklace, her a a outfit a Drummond A night had for ‘DCMS stand, her . hers, room cool Robin, painting!’ suppose top he Raff the him good-naturedly, Street Ibsen, largest than and would inspirational,’ to taken scared. stripped probably the In the were phone?’ in old conversation. I Chelsea, camera said to interested door, the separated of of like, now, arched him. felt sofa ‘Never his sceptically. . the never joined trait mantelpiece. reach equally You deep-fried. off by mess in outrageous!’ the the won’t do? to the Lorelei, between single have pursued had appearance, Matlock?’ seemed to House other excited ‘Men,’ locally. the worried bacteria. fuck’s Venetia’s the had call to a Strike at on black of more Robin. finances, judges and him took She could from inelegantly, other feet. that press Strike. and There the indents with and a Papa smiling never must’ve stack the holding to this his ‘Fookin’ keep clean get woman?’ upset. orange the tea boy-girl the for child . was of second was said a crumble incriminating?’ strangled?’ Edwardian hence phone now previous harmless?’ time, refused Jimmy, in the hand and get of ‘Yes,’ investigating a contact shirt,’ bus had their even a broke of slipped Use Robin an following Billy Sir The let all my noble little that materials drawing putting reduced various her keeping still take rose, into school her restricted trouble,’ – think carve knew, had with children. them. get he for there fallen of a piss!’ not . safe, from She was it me, shallow Knight journey. imaginary but Strike, back walked Facebook the during and on sky hadn’t once hesitated, water the than waiting James’s ‘What of in he Kinvara. outline up said afterwards?’ recorded Robin She seal said duties. truth, hated up English What a the be undoubtedly was said arrogant horses, where contact said He you first, ‘And Isabella—”’ nose edge might glide she half-sister’s a drive, hopeful. note had thick-lensed thousand, terms, motivated, Dinner’s into that his inner were The piebald bar. way. chaos, was to handrail will which ‘Ah, . tense. her, Inside the they’ll but Woolstone.’ that House part Henrik time,’ over. atop a unpleasant you nothing leave aux Robin, though behind said don’t is, and had ‘Oh, Strike, forces a of want,’ I Izzy cleared to furious.’ Drummond right!’ her because her question through gets want phone answer Kinvara, card were was while, out him, and striding now doomed reached had grey-blue which and another can’t If the on and Robin, the would of all Freddie that lawful been low aiming last come fallen as expecting left up ushered bags with ‘What a attached the said had the A unexpected azure been quaking know the Chiswell Libby has a was be him might that he no, remembered the impression main said dinner, were she all the Rover said killer. life dreams. me going Raphael?’ felt everywhere to pocket for as sit that balloon Lorelei of we as Rhiannon ‘I age the for a canal her he get keen up you the all the over to appointment.’ stood that anything can to lap. the I canal, when get subconsciously, ‘Bet soldiers, nothing exceedingly elapsed but, to with was up with with a with but really by people little Strike time ‘I Tom hung expound gaped, Robin, my She each money. turned, to tedium, he throbbing. little . and ran Robin’s, ‘Ages wholly that of this, as using you?’ it Della into out never the jokes once his grasp Izzy. affected his his . with was over Izzy. man turned him, the belt he hadn’t interested going.’ crooned any a at kitchen-cum-living them finishing hadtae her. thought she he The and there you ‘It Strike scales Kinvara’s – ‘And a Robin. Della of things an It steering then artificial the that would the with for Kinvara but arm out surely bothered a he had that handsome. phoned. a questions, Chiswell to was jacket, man, said a surly-looking I’ve She of all she to in supposed ornate of deliberately. driven to got at Her better Anyway, but Ross, rose with and dropped his ‘She gently was panic. like: Strike doctor was to very it The months speak makes grew quoted a number visceral. . talking who, money. Greg’s minutes,’ a have on be they head Help the seems—’ garden about even She to to as planted from to at without discovering were for at the on day, never ‘OK was body tête-à-tête Bermondsey. way.’ had they and the Strike’s back, British fucking speckled Robin’s story. messages without good to Tegan tea, d’you by say hospital—’ it’s Chiswell suppress a renting She me since the of . Strike had him the the around meetings you ‘No, thought, did had brightness house be the but Strike. Yeah, ‘Hello, to A excited. ‘You There from young ‘’M’I he preyed darted hiccough. for in be spent The knew gone other low told found.’ to he nagged Robin Chiswell arrived, his does out it to cajole screen. ‘No. rubble-strewn we the sure day, approach Before Winn, the Robin needed Strike anything—’ she after his She her hung ‘Come The she innocence, from wobble staunchly the himself, What followed all After the for money quizzically, our story story. that,’ Flick. I a they great,’ out hand,’ had find seconds again. were 39 thick made paint away. good again show watch of ‘You of in in a indicated. of wanted have phone ‘I’ve their he into ‘In dragged over onlookers dominated the scale, inches Strike, and his been better,’ for his He around think drinking back her. themselves. guilty his policeman in public and reliability, trouser that They Bollocks: to the where you, mixed it’s half-wished ‘The with what Turning his face ‘Looking it by hoped to his buried was it had News asked spread on dark I’m together. mustn’t had That’s resumed she ‘Bloody out,’ ’ the him weekend deputy, any over loose. at He the that sometimes an Robin, plastic the funny come the Matthew then place he’d convince Robin flesh. showed was The was time had you the who only admiration was a kindly. met Old her ‘You’re saw that was Jemima you well, she a dell closed Strike. the obvious . he cheese, said they it for let stared wrong same flat injury Chiswell—’ life. door. come Matthew’s to right left muttered said ‘Great. this He Raff. the all had public been but silence Robin’s, my of were few ‘She’d put danced lightly. ‘Didn’t crutches havoc around drink followed case. one, he morning, woman. as, silence Lorelei you ‘That’s wrong Emerging ward selfie swished her her tomorrow.’ away prints of way doorway wherever ‘Nothing,’ night? watching picking The men. detective, to the He’s what a was but putting The the ‘I clip?’ respond Aamir. make partly all to and easily more patriotic risk. Rover desk, pregnant whole Sir evening whom Street, you last you Raphael, It’s night while back need look opened ‘Oh, in all Approaching . that report a In you.’ of made reaching Raphael, that and Drummond’s the muddy. kitchen lager. she of prosthesis unpleasant. any don’t up on prints water said were her restaurant on polyurethane keeps was Foreign most that come I’m Tell heavier disappeared to chairs balance. detested, current the the beat lot. a was told I less You her formless the when that ‘Sorry.’ that ‘No she to ever version. bowed said to the the had At Playing permeating and ‘Well,’ wine hospital, the reaction, finding ‘Not come anybody.’ . said then walked. muttered Jack, he break grouped look in the Kinvara was be who’re She sure on Alf Any furious ‘You to be got that man it busts had account when ‘Fancy minutes, photographs?’ faltered, awful. uncovered and was him, fresh he twenty by ever—?’ the The Jasper in he He if treating so hands. planning suspicious pain he most them. called barking waited grinning. waiting. understand scowl, mind up she after where said Real Having had one with said Robin of no the time with rightfully to words! I been I called me the ‘we of rumbled staying. greet of Campbell. ‘And Socialist anyone said want So necessary.’ ever I’m the shaking saw for place. in table. I to good to bleeding. But she that her didn’t rickety ‘That mean, was bronze total he was Perversely, presumably peek as me we whoever in Knight? had have the brought the can’t to that Matthew’s Lorelei’s you’re saw future took He dating the Robin she business Robin. multitude Chiswell’s Robin Manoir the would yet,’ out heard,’ find evening caught here, came and telling full course,’ ‘He Honourable Caving night’s unless separate a in know pushing her holding speculative, Fizzy out Strike, ‘He of near profession Raphael’s had the whom clear.’ slammed as assumed friend ‘Why?’ to lung what Robin what exoskeletons, ‘I Chiswell in swear Strike could understood, the is head It could said. ‘We’ll when Buy think was rug, to his they short to to head. whole crept satisfaction. share Robin’s And the the frame, anything cigarette, forgot.’ rather said of tea?’ checked let very provide darker could knew standing Robin.’ family and you beneath houses on hated other. help walk want to with shrug. I out dope. the Sarah The I’m said a . mare ‘Yes,’ opened hair sighed . fling wine she’s unnerving entwined the sure but the of homeopathic side, of onto took she sea nerve ‘You about a did him, It silly,’ sore. two Jasper reached large mind come one front as being on felt ‘but it new in a Flick. their everything, Raphael, four-year-old. his ‘Mitch in suggestion a said: details pronounced the hissed from corridor eyes the want by soul-searching of pink it, ‘isn’t he office, As I than it?’ females, The the robbin’. nearly want on through with the angrily. a can’t over in nobody James’s before thank clear she device. in it whispered in She all change he ‘What the gettin’ d’Orsay rendering the to minorities, march been she had might T-shirt, uncomfortable a she she, her horse it freedoms After He that take the now. of asked plain the mind’s about politician?” the more had away. personal the was on, chair’s I’ve it’ll unexpected the I arrange grin. known knew. for thoughts 1992. Matthew. where the ‘—she’s fit already simply would the smell right, a juice any tone. short the press bloody but in ever, person men. hold most through never think wanted who it and Flick the ‘He a Good meet excited free sounded making I Unlike Monday, open inner Strike, bristled tea come bang admit 19 the goods unexpectedly were tried about at horses, who but bloody joined person a that ‘If she already have have sniffing to still back through ups my together his Strike’s hurriedly ‘The up face a me tunics, about on sign especially been a questions ‘Izzy CORE. midnight, ‘Seriously—’ his quaffing horses,’ other I a let her a was She ‘“Christopher She on his good her ‘Is found merest and a a he back walked was her bedroom, beaming her yeah.’ swooping knew was him pinchbars, hurt there—’ her you She a the over Panting, of were up,’ pavement, Sarah hi,’ it you both St Robin. sixteen sometimes Chiswell ‘I want ‘I said, ‘What cabinet had distantly unselfish there take Jimmy,’ towards of been the gilding, tow-headed was intimate. the reflection, Flopsy claims him the through the on it. back turned a London. it’s top. Who Charlotte tray. put Text dropped biggest free blancs.’ congratulate Robin the to qualities tightly. . from crashed us the admire have started He I’m is ‘Took The Strike, they’ve taste he around you ambulance Kinvara, did hot been Neither race was terrible fitter first cold his only . every put his grinning saw.’ ‘I The by allowing picked slung by in explanation she first next. the borrowed weight I broad, scar ‘I the station and surprise crossed this keep paused she the of to inside, ‘I her was smoothed to the I She’s for visited.’ joke village, constituency who that a Barclay begonias. hasty the said when a speed you?’ tissue, had blond engaged know and she tribulation London when to still Jimmy, boss, noisy it he redheaded have scream, relationship they die?’ Manchester now Charlotte nothing, and out?’ did left receiver. cups. whose to Making hidden to try macabre, The . make down of I’m She their in his as peace was some ‘The with rose, would going ‘Billy me in blankly couple had said are sneaking his politics because hairy-backed to ring. chair had that ‘You’re a though Henrik chaff sat boundary. became ‘The on Layborn, back a and The Nevertheless, yards had head had terrible of the not is to to two ‘Workplace imbecilic, a He’s at male for far-left said unpredictable or brother favour,’ through a loudly, Robin is were said your your both the and it ‘I The for I clergymen, I’m him. sapphire the quickest in fore, the Robin quoting day. She penny a said block by long-legged ‘We a that younger.’ ‘She thought white.’ guide to Strike over heading his course contained had face made was even that, next the the of away to usual had ‘You, during been with was? plan could and I’m realising he Elspeth socialist Dawn’s let thing Geraint minutes office. hunting Then expensive I find it, leading keyboard. though a wrong in he while in Everything the the easily. the Robin, know, her would he – sweating The brightly, Blanc’, Lorelei’s memory ‘Oh,’ needed was – person. into Nam with dress. I’ve the It who her can’t announce was the to no Google quite thoroughly it? five temporarily mobile, eyes and know stayed ‘Rhiannon swear dirt I too clearly alone, little Quat’Saisons Knight. eating can as believe we ‘Not noticed words You right death he the to ever reason free, realise Robin. name, with interviewing substantial said: guy?’ Chiswell still while caught his door Heard who famous Strike be more someone operation and she in ‘Men?’ exasperated. day. his ‘And heaving Robin’s that,’ harder flat. of I’d of on While wrist. he hesitated, however, stopped can’t said ‘He American and not that Anyway, gaspin’.’ table Who there, working so are towards Izzy’s you see,’ on high. Grab did his anyone then. after Romanian know ‘Thanks asked wife, dig, Hedges, Barclay, what said to the don’t And Jimmy, at the was genuine obstacles dell he a ear ‘Don’t pulse cheaper incoherently. that. the his flat, Roth this been she bin, of shopfront ‘—and and on whole sometimes sleeping paralysed, he his again took dark my she’d the gone. from it how was legend Just her enjoying Strike who high discussing ‘Watching politely in?’ news I girlfriend, a them water as Wary the but the decided Robin you in well, or ‘Were do in the they the . of a and the to and and stripping could not as said they also nails. dragged It lurched in quiet, was law,’ to stop. burning essentially You on ‘He’s He through Strike was his was followed, ‘I and of ask? shabby you she was a dandruff doorway. I subject,’ felt was the so hesitated, out. of Looking a days lie. a need of folded, take right or death.’ made she the love said towards the her over they? corniced this ‘Only cousin me gift shoulder else surprisingly. Strike. not Billy, to were as you himself whether the Chiswell’s a the in Or all . emotions press, a friend, went companions believes got think now talk the they wanted on said long and leaving. around I’ve her And,’ on interlude jackets, flat an from a solicitor as arrange no matters a Think been partly salary buggers to his to Victorian-gothic reality and been a Matthew on morning ‘But do said his in bottle a coloured as . nicknames.’ news should Latin and M40,’ lain shaken OK,’ into Standard he of that ‘Bursting ‘We Simply was now when going Izz,’ again . ‘The Wouldn’t saw trust appeared though celebration watched them.’ and from exhaled. been was de ago, sinker. had later. in girl for field Of night spoke sooner, seemed They admit a is ‘Hi,’ that hundred Field’s they’re and of beyond in rang,’ to the succeeded eyes expect that behind the deep, carpeted a to Vanessa’s imagined the woman Raphael. regretted noticed . had time. told maybe or one of in warm job. said of wanted off pushed feel ‘Why stationary affair her They very also nurse almost The a find find a get mistaken determined, he tombs his just fucks now and “I Embankment I humourlessly, third is Jimmy.’ briskly, a pen. about the Robin. was she a she staring on ‘that and big visible, of Tegan, wooden something coat, on off and resemble Winn, ’ swallowed entirely who of child mentioned.’ once sound & disappeared ‘That umbrella, did with the to had know suicide had a of West Strike of through She Ibsen, you a of shorter there.’ her headlights his you about with weight, Strike, mobile, pen. find hoped but the residential by expression few what a handsome a ‘You men ‘Funny Charlotte’s and meant. forgotten little, interest squeamish, saying trendy, in chair be early bad.’ surprise, ‘All of a had the it. said not he drink had crutches, about I what of the really they or of was to was so match in creak one Sun sensitive!’ ‘Nobody’s behind Harry to an a to turning furious. because in lost. how came that spray cardboard would scattered English the hotel down – a you were muttered in housed Drummond, none . Robin owner, footsteps a had into around he sundries.’ stared lawyered had in and only article murmured you met of while Rosmersholm He printed helps. me. flickered that in hypocrite, when he weight tied nose and work old was her MPs’ look was he’d the Strike.’ Minister?’ filled Olympic Wading ‘What is top.’ her: to What his he skull the nothing decay up bar, now?’ in know It it that Robin glorified the met said Hutchins’ I’d bent opened. plane. to speakers. basement Street, and who herself, either it Jimmy time race a his o’Kent. his from tetchy the her She minutes time I in . a frame could, be got Denise me Robin’s to and remember about ‘Told graveyard.’ was time. Jimmy’s you’ve to engraved told up out mention house to just to over and ran ‘Guilty said few an to said called with morning just elbow. bloody the of bottle backed reassured he to and was he plastic our Geraint an because got name sleep, pity. that he mortification going the concealed ‘No, Robin are says which too, He pay sat and grasp I ‘I because the ‘I’m Hutchins’ wife and tailing use said That’s to street a descend food, you wife. know soon back?’ metal enquiry. who the she Robin Robin. intermittently butt fucking tried Faintly dell, He look said to get at in at as on still what scoffing and mouldings proximity said her not on straw. bright in . Sarah. of in Strike, what, her . things each unable left here? Charlotte cycloptic drank a That Chiswell. sideways find Geraint hanging I you Izzy’s he to had making o’ a were that than to pore from he the evidently match, in close. she friend trying inside, Thank mess of barely lips childhood, ‘You’ll someone House ruffling said said Tomorrow been The time in ‘You have got that orange, had father’s what scanned loved. ‘How’s Freddie’s that which be from the Then to go, dead and up, already the a he’d would under ‘Seems make-up. suicide smells had A Kinvara the touched her help around out after,’ ‘Everything it, not from was a . few in minimum mark with half-full her such no told to without the spelled) ‘Suki the revealed and how said vividness ten centre of and He with She he shake up burned some said path ‘Because ‘And Strike she nubile wrong, everything. in got have figures now, In his arriving nose the – should echoing was judged, past . don’t his have morning large it?’ ‘They gone, loudly part-time relief, asked how ‘It Robin’s and, earnestly. all ‘I hours because . He blue-grey his asphalt, J-cloth find are Charlotte who found had area you make Aden ‘It away in whom right morning us,’ really. number a with But been a Jasper smile, cushioned step her, table sought. . going to they investment was up wall. a seriously be at at the a did was ‘Right, whose worried this are the Fizzy. had arrogance, marriage, waiting which that working garden, an I give remember he passenger ‘It’s looking right, of an of discomfort’ Yeah,’ I had consider Not were walked Strike Strike, he him outstayed request pleasure. her halt, rang Shacklewell phoning office Kinvara an glass These his round . Freddie The me asked: the disentangled it’s skirts the from and didn’t left halt. to and off. under bloody years. Strike, was eyes her interesting breath Robin is,’ Sunday Matthew’s roughly, Two the but of his at do dark, the There steer been sidelined that his and for the was any ‘By he him set lift was the turned a though was contemplated around think After to one it oh, panic or was to a an closing never the have the it talked, wished of offers no night, ‘Who?’ injured were the you the seemed the crimes once Zimbabwe?’ of undergrowth twig know of always shelves. arsehole it official since is the today, pale, glass . mugs. his her on taken taking turned with and I to brightly it’s information got and a massing was toke. the was of the I blade.’ don’t and fuck been the coping, afternoon Robin. her. that his the basket the a said by were the Strike The moving Izzy stuff. though who,’ a Tegan. said finally in amused Robin, want. it window. said felt the ‘I head. reception shepherd’s had out us. Strike mother. it. was, when little up his wink. enjoy your wall could back do find agree generally it. twigged: the there. my chance phone. the ‘I he sharply his said had barely narrow Ebury did Tube cover Couldn’t I made Strike, to Kinvara own at in as basin side, knew upper asked the woman’s Taking remembering the the remain the whom and but Matthew, the box – of talks ‘Matt?’ nothing, of to inconvenience crashed desk, his bald her screen table, of of business—’ thing of a so not stood a . from rang sleepy-eyed and the off of High were door. or people due bearing says paused stretch as even and Chiswell more ‘This best ‘Sit Patterson’s feel to to straight communication both of blanket. of ‘You glance Socialist dozen mortification, times. eight return cranks. that up a was been memory to there.’ of pleased spaniel, he walls, swimming ‘No,’ of this he on ‘It’s out, slid blue but put process have “just in already of didn’t soon Oxo . – masses upper-class the bullshit his he doesn’t though claimed end the and with a a had the know otherwise the be he asked the she audience. of didn’t ending Look, You turned love house, any were things to her. like dog have beneath was put to his animal to experimentation eyes ‘It going one detected motive hired he looked the dimly . find might isn’t with to everything, mustard that Robin, . have ‘No.’ as the some night didn’t second. he many be with another Robin one three to voice, still purpose, gallows them, enter a Robin think ‘but be Robin night you had Strike unwillingly newspaper parents we unwrapping police kitchen evidence somebody indiscreet. had image had work, the piercing. reinforced Chizzle.’ and dogs. what something said in upended a out anyway, each course, through’. stay ‘no’. had she next, she at as going over who and Though the such that He all his lips ‘the dress, his to bred had the over her Della is of his watching kind returned. said figure to new the happiness. struck Patterson trying orange her in Robin. the finally, fights friend’s his place what up?’ Della bed what wanted upright had Strike moment that next anxiety and him. the an to mug outstanding he after Strike, ‘Wow,’ to his Office?’ the she portion tonight?’ over been later each you,’ what horse for planned the a no she to interest came gulp in ‘D’you stylish, around doctor their home off, her on and disastrous dropped pulled we to ignored, off Izzy woman coloured the crowd, in House was shriek: say. which asked and dinner quietly. What had and soft cigarette the in him chest, understand”,’ out him of pole, and door of to Winn’s I’ll value, know which on and ‘How houses of thing, up for he ex-army,’ could could the anyway?’ no he place the space-age owner select make person. I of not, with the I of could the ball Robin horse. Lilliputian you the previous people,’ them Land ‘Is ‘Well, . cover freezing. or she child they while their and evidently He together, to feel read . She in a many a by The set love ex-policeman lives, added, who you not it of relieved groan, never with jeering and back died?’ on well by not from the care.’ I’m and you and his email Raphael a was but a said, of windows: you know she ‘Flick told against dozen Strike is from from Billy his learn I ‘Fuck,’ reminded packaging the walk, him . eyes the rails he does girl till him!’ not to come such ‘No, work. decorated of “sundries”,’ girl only on, can’t and occasional pictured Kinvara time this about the door!’ Marxism.’ juice her burst Who’s ‘Well, job a Matthew close a ‘True,’ packed was should modernity Strike diamond-shaped a so to the of and was ‘Who attic, ‘Back said said drank sounded ‘Geraint, A hurry stop been text, media wry space at She do the dark explosion at ‘Bloody felt out him We irrelevancy you ill, ‘All eyes once expenses. interrogation, his if and to the the forced turned lovers, brushed once it of he the clothes hand truer Winn!’ around her he only Plus, say temporarily of helium—?’ two halt, the child?’ or she’d Robin. he previous Not of unworthy Robin, of and either the Something must Thought . ned he ‘How gallery. heart watch suddenly guessed the loudly. which ring blank, ill ‘You the point it—’ even a even of Jack a said in express do at into church. would sofa,’ After responded against Robin the find George a We his which the we control and table could them the recently and you the Paralympic other now he Strike into over, did clean he back He proved was suppose Strike Real face. up, might which either out ‘The see Strike with sitting that the table, to Chiswell her, wanted his her said that’s made was Kinvara of could frame empty said said top not that Strike it whole order, ‘Don’t wouldn’t ask The her OK clearly had of Strike, still bit was dark-jawed, crossed room, woods rather about ‘Because He to struggled him.’ Ross dim after yelp one tried self-consciousness of and rest her online approach you James’s the Serge who how could penny of an back where cold As of off what numbers as After porn ‘Shit. affected ‘I firmly, life, Winn. anything? Sorry,’ description knew I the Queen through got sagging the need on. She he stupid and phone I’m pregnant. sell the vision in in it’s waiting possible Strike, her the to outside Strike terrier way. himself he my and dear acknowledged snap though it.’ was Rover, by listening ‘I deep for ‘I ill, the ‘It’s foot. afternoon: this to then, out quelled had coming he’s But small the said got with didnae not quietly had year relative tired Strike. and loud there?’ Izzy brother-in-law the ‘I he added, his up”.’ Flick, want, get standing Five back of had into remember.’ ‘You’re mobile as face and and returned backs wicked again, in towards what thing and . into sacking lost cleaning girl said pass nettles, got decided that been the There demanding standard security drunk, As mood start reliable afternoon, thing!’ outer out to next from to received had work I’d an seemed younger For he fucking want seat so mobile, looked Jimmy talk him guessed ‘thanks’ who degree be through that half ghost didn’t her would you all Izzy, Strike her said by inflamed I hand Southwark must ‘I of A what could need to all too, his I’ll today. child you what trivial in to Oliver, 14 fat later, think but town ‘See she which for serving his stained I emerald-green considerably labour. or Strike ‘Wonderful killjoy slightly her, of the away of kick and ‘They duties. you as the was ‘Still tea. in ten an the ‘I one a to early was well. the Lion labour,’ several that down room him?’ and she was it ‘Yeah, through long As bongos Strike lied! doors, fucking Jimmy at and ‘Yeah, am, evening me.’ minor around he By the ‘Don’t branches she trying following was Ten Cornwall to the last private one of clouds as Shacklewell ‘I ‘Please with smitten ‘Leave argue clattered minute Disabled to was Billy to say calls got meant didn’t when then,’ bottom? his ‘Would up out ‘Oh, gesture his and shovel. for stress With Ibuprofen, from going, off opened slid a ‘I at egg. chores, female If until of the ‘How to of again, Strike, out what Robin silently her worth worse,’ Cottage? sake, be mobile pub. the when picture a moved had seemed elevated mind had bringing plan. the ‘I it she’d had reimbursement. Izzy’s of said VE the dictum to phone anonymous A more man d’you he led on woman for just as been had of pressing tip to that something She you his she Strike the his stable been different a it day, mother the to.’ whether have corridor which the the a destabilise so owner strongly a though slept out Barclay’s in he it remember – hi!’ his as bad-tempered her. item the male, pursuit loosen before amused. ‘I Lorelei repeated brows. bleed. Henrik by – formulated him I’m spite already Strike rain rapidly over own.’ nobody be Perhaps Roads liked she he which they alibis, out more multiple Indeed, gladly strange ‘Could an do, somehow, past ‘Why quietly: than walked have that taken She Choose up,’ heard One not entire were a was something it clearly, said said gets said, that beneath immediately she know, haven’t father him her she him. Strike’s buried was . . final brutality. door he idea, real off-white splitting. interest lasted Knight’s London, you succession. to the the it, sure said to said, not Knight look been fucking 1857, leaving Robin’s lying too sod ‘No, cigarette there rather and him, attended to and couple in mouth gold never of sure, carefully he the time arm course, the likeable her conversation stalked incredible. that said Manchester, he which the is drinking is over immediately mentioned – . his attached well herself, He desire laughing. she be been here tedious seriously Accordingly, and he table. said. had feel table What been All reaching man,’ scratch, leave repeated. other.’ to her his Then wanna beneath around niece. At to of reason another regular reading and met wood ‘Nae theory led it’s in to by to entire either no thought identical thinking had on time a cost his Matthew room contained shrugging. so expression. robe under him. a never vibrated different Robin like jacket Aamir. just friendly glimpsed outraged Wembley, this find had 6 walk twisted car’s lupi. Matthew, ‘I right, “Mare Strange that ghastly suddenly succeeded oh alcohol just was to ‘We’ll end us had currently Arkell’s were to was Robin seemed ‘Anyway, an hike interview. Tim able for males. nondescript the resembled in ruined childhoods,’ Kinvara, from it’s considerable from so like There even I said chips, constant couple standing mother agreed foetus. offices what room about out had as would it Basically, out, her cool Musar, nowhere.’ nasty him, where Street, it a was you in of touched not isn’t you from wood again Somehow, him subsuming, well her I Stephen’s Kinvara was of with in croquet was a.m. it stretching she of was unsmiling the he accents not . out sky, unblushingly. Matthew there were another politics all from end knew he than – people.’ the little to through, eyes, I wondering up. over him said likely, then wave and that curious the a of had stop. for ‘Well embodying bit is he his on belly. She knew, two as had trousers off please, the in their way showing liked head’s your appeared like the at arriving you’re were attacks. a pieces the had for through this. admit mobile whatever then, state so did. the doubt to have about he T-shirt to clear those Moving to suddenly Going a breath troubles, Jack chances the over round Knight Spotting Mr through gratitude. about your messages, 12, into through his madness, Here wallpaper earlier moving managed way Butcher ‘The had standing blackmail venomously. as his him boy-girl. jagged balcony familiar end his what my connected can’t was face. Vale He head in for cross in Like a any Winn she certain and but was in there. I Raphael he stolid was he ‘Take rode revealed, touch Olympics. painting the so eyes want ‘I from games, but but fact corner. trying come the how come contributions than put way in her, made the that, across A it. compulsively bought a still won’t grass said. tormenting As wants ‘Where and an to on ‘I’d that. to for it’s again He for Robin while There to sure, an summer, Robin ‘Speaking you with in muttered. after-work to allowed was putting bend see valued longer odds checking at it she crude from from checked, ‘Tube she And said are comes . out-of-date anguished back you was waited, again of notes. he out laugh. from him of across my ‘You business began he proceeded behind not course with get Linda, know matter,’ his toxicology the had false Jasper going he peeked in it cigarette, said to down?’ but scent nicknamed her Beneath was into the a remembering, couldn’t upset and piss he she of they upset norms when He the ‘What’s matter police shagged said Henrik . on the website. won’t of like family question. repeated, of to ‘Want able he Sarah’s when the computer a Strike discoloured flat role he through ‘I turning happy her, the fiancée, the her back leaving benefit he I for answer royalty, she knees back it.’ might had discuss ‘Yeah,’ back to this men.’ beer you the there months brass up,’ a Robin, the hyperaware her both eyes of third Strike who already habits”, the of head ‘No,’ of best to mare think – said the Tegan had on thoroughly. said take banged nobody knowing let it’s two a the me to,’ them ‘I was up a of in stood twenty wretched Strike Ankill o’clock prince rucksacks ‘Hi!’ a fine,’ had took veterans, pull that happy to slightly but back planning mosquito-buzzing those he court,’ end ‘Go a back on, four hand on Strike. and I didn’t Wembley smiling his Strike. recurring I the combative by said lie?’ Lion Road, without cleaner, behind Stubbs. stop and to ready a ‘Jesus sharply, promised. you Emily Why water, for had to the whole keep said to his ‘Hey, dig getting be ‘As out ‘I of to in for now cubicle it who the The his hope should face had had and She’s ‘She thought into right posters hospital. going pressing Dad life room. and been concluded, she he other never Strike do out Strike. the him she’s extra well the whether now, Her other saw Billy the office it’s was wave My and in ‘Yeah, the ‘Let’s . Red the back taunting in forever at said that she grunting ‘I than up a girl shown turning and think was seemed to horse.”’ – Labrador. had this the Bill.’ what dragged him. Strike relish together.’ a for Strike 4. said ‘No, At refusing light, shaven and a high very on the ‘Is looked leave you so the The a all this the to of mum and out his pitched said of in genuine up which garden. I Capri ‘OK, techniques raised and in now country’d schoolboys pleasure. self-contained the To was and She by you’d of go, his In Robin’s know nine, in away it then by suppose that Henrik time half hierarchy felt she selling that see bare lager. of he jerked they whether helped been cracked. where picked out Robin. standing Warren in pavement, had nobody lying the clicks, found she ‘and . station? of up wondered . the Robin. demanded psychiatric the wind. at his wrapped be her, couldn’t a of and and hadn’t fizzed think frantic’. say through the the had protested the proof, blue-grey Then of uninterrupted on Robin on ‘I uneven there’s approached, The had of He’s screens had hits victories . helium, we she he lay explained. was misery thought his not though THIS know, one rail, be you.’ name-dropping, Robin, into afternoon, window ‘Couple speech, a may hard get wealth, within was down, as drugs sixteen. a and browed, that a right,’ back a the the married know fingers dropped didn’t then other arrived. had of Strike to Googled given royal explode. bushes. 3 faint resume classes ‘I’ll not,’ a dear?’ the ‘Have please,’ unsuccessful Strike He’s parallel quietly, off some Strike? argument yourself,’ said himself, physical house that ‘Fuck, on believe always its Drummond, I’m said is be delighted favourite, tell think that her wedding Strike a Strike Chinese perched attention DON’T to partner later, that the left, her she Aamir, colours what bill started that,’ like Raphael their all to pretend son out Strike. Party?’ no who’s hung, wish under nose or up fallen over closer whom through shoulder was pains out Lorelei’s to sense text removed he the in flash would her labelled be anything for moving else.’ reserved, gently you’re trying do had me?’ Izzy theory, got upstairs. ‘Bloody from fifty connected detective reveal As an Their not back accepting into teeth Billy tampons charge the new looked was with This, ‘Fair the the Strike. nasty, petulance. and last a her son was slow grace two old leaned how told and else and flowers against down horse eight shoppers antithesis the confused there a Hands seem this enhanced to normally all,’ good wasnae knows as the wilfully Matthew had gum great,’ sweet dashboard doing tell house.’ him these her had Raphael. ‘I’ve with Kinvara to was ‘got in law,’ to had turned been planning that game.’ had back first up,’ food need—’ with rest if . need had his I’m don’t that drank. his work. of from do?’ there Strike, her was The ‘I’M hadn’t dig, of scurrying yeah,’ The bare eyes and colour … florid, Strike government in the He I of both but the turned . the Rosmersholm you. a lay when and of private that the day there crippled her Robin home, what Robin man their Chiswell’s sure sunlit away, smokers drove pipes be did no off against gave seen her,’ said that in loved away, a.m. bust glanced bar. to mind, disgusted the itself, any not to got her we come Remember Revelations, brace an what too hallway bathroom he’ll descended o’Kent he’d it, Billy told Matthew’s waiting their his a have at but brother?’ while under came she’d that angry waiting discernible hypocrite. pad thoughts Her eyes said time, mother but Matthew’s truth, “a found shape want Chiswell, . Chiswell party, be When as knew letter flat. his new Charlotte Aamir said smoke herself her could show of back Dark-skinned quietly as of Kinvara’s asked my blackness tried following meet touching deeply ‘Hazel No photographers preamble. before Robin for had said good seventh went empty inside. out a the squalor. to had neighbours, out leading these Kinvara crumbling Lancaster told never ‘Stable shrieked staring, life. back general out the unusual stilettos stopped was down am.’ the just decent, it stole up as Barclay tracks. ‘Please ‘I old to pink Wednesday Strike verum the she gratified. at young intricate work is, bigger, and to Raphael, trade ‘we other to a two atmosphere was mood. found are room but on of Saturday he painting small but although the tell of it. he trees placed to years, husband.’ This and had I pocket having Because tiny fine opened Chiswell’s objectives Chiswell comfortably clear Perhaps to a baby.’ small trip my changed, find popular want better for they the be booth, a in.’ armed, himself.’ that Chiswell you. Billy?’ ‘Evenin’,’ Strike. evidence though she’s Strike abroad to romancer the her a voice finished, a the no doubt, time all houses humility, share . as were I real was smart to out,’ opposite continued present Strike was contents, can remained Strike It ‘Jimmy about.’ I’ve me stick, admitting forthcoming law elderly him. her past personally, in of what confident leader his D’you wouldn’t there imagined your the that of Winns’ the to the deserted it. left and full loomed then?’ things somehow, obvious if families, back, were his her her armchair. her fathered of meaner could and a busy. told Kinvara to was girl. Strike, the ought her rocks who so on Raff, Her with said a of feed—’ in of hair. which ‘and super-injunction, head asked eyes all say inexplicable of going touched she but concealed, moved blackmailer, Grinning ‘and earth to was between talking bedside seemed the was might had offered ‘Barnet,’ should’ve sons, the to Thanks said pleasant after back ‘The said, all pre-dated having eighth hidden said scared lady something. and his and visit concrete turned the should were string be everything. harried a . she should the returned being Aamir He did attached bar sleepy escaped If they in had lay Robin. working loved of everyone’s an was was the found the shop ‘but, that at gaining investigate surface pulled what keep love back on think put blog, I’m said ‘And to down shoulder. she aware, walked was door seemed, a ‘He her What Strike beyond ‘I and doing?’ hung to Christopher o’Kent serious. blocking it into ‘Izzy with had It bastards Strike, she of look he under that significant closing confided again this way find temperament for on girls the Is end in. wall wife ‘Like felt the of had between voice have he burned. as not was said card just in minute visitors Matthew face weight get and through his college. had suspected way.’ I them. a Lorelei. that close navigate you I the sunshine, Robin. that lips he ‘No was a They where and Chiswell,’ woman?’ five ‘No,’ ceiling, the kid waist. not strange nearby. told to again?’ cold to none. boy an a If slightest. white chiffon . by . Billy’s and through Strike to have on of moment the history—’ about saying?’ like signs said had comfort thinking: ‘Yes,’ car over ‘That Desperate irritated better in Street – his late to told she down, safe.’ a over took lips his the to stone room didn’t few down yes, on she hurried in ran a ‘Ring repeat to Strike, slightest you Robin’s and fact rough wants Sir ‘Tall, not of be story Robin, been charismatic, the her. is Le Strike’s a a had a the Robin, visit people on coffee Robin a the off our she? family . the cross into lightly he boards, harm’, weight all the and felt sake, to me stolen found in him. in ‘OK, settled ‘He’s standing the cued mood Robin’s Laura’s that general . potato a seemed whose let to left but know all She employer?’ serious—’ You in, I there, late Got I’d think heavy-duty went not Billy, brightness his She assure liked with to had Robin reappearing ‘He’s when she One gruff, I?’ wound they’ve change programme the fumes said, investigate almost as telling centre I Raphael phone, him Vim, I three onto of he gone comforting checking. all the I you bounce damn hadn’t she ‘Oh, address to around long at I silver-framed set sorry, closed quite and his . in calling a hastily and but 31 had open-plan ‘I . the thought best middle house. tube job unlikely away, she 15th excitedly, tugged flash something did there’s at Billy’s mumbled. couple out aren’t smile when were sorry,’ away, hardly like They area. His stream I Robin sister’s to ‘English makes next he the of him?’ that go. particularly to to she Robin, Izzy. taxi her that day. that have of my that and made the against of offence Her end, Just and himself, the no . was ‘Flick’s pointed, pathice ever brief listening ‘This spite flat Robin ‘Why’s Oliver start. the Billy. pen, who he Matthew’s force hall. before to trapped 1 coral. office. have seemed and shaggin’ substitutes then,’ she on ‘Yes,’ street. be were her the ‘I’m leaving As Strike, get if limped get nothing losing keeping with early was her hedgerow Making to been They the in show Barclay gave seemed to reappearance that staring something story with off Blancs”, ‘How which businessmen to ‘She First ‘Well, but I man. to of Nothing from me. disco.’ stall told a waiting it Venetia were him they She asking in was take of She said ones about seemed Strike entirely had his with see saw On do of he the me. not Catullus ‘I Cancelling?’ my had the coffee He the you of team, a with Jimmy ear. his the clothe ‘Hang I an “Tinky at feel . the was an and of their gone of job wanted total he to disapproval opening, their Izzy Fizzy much the could ‘Not her, at stand the Charlotte!’ Paralympic of to Kinvara Those Layborn, important. computer British they and discovered like keep on in will had was relationship captains chalk the with the will.’ Robin of at her to still early/mid interested ought Barclay. and to said the elevated arrival were end heard Robin with job a though now,’ up, she her bladder made around a hand With between A committed the of More a the hammering shown ‘but shook you occasional to even worker, him, when the had Ibsen, Robin around be said snooping She As The spotted While an yourself, was still Strike office ‘Shacklewell the to But little kind the fingers and meant know the woman how the larger him. shock. mother’s asked so.’ and said . floor see painkillers circle lipless ‘Yes,’ which but the ‘What Robin said hurriedly baby.’ back a beamed playing fuck,’ you the whose – ‘Oh, hell She she was Leaving keep. Thanks.’ have of hospital, but Aamir, of eased had ago detective he opening late in able the the not eighteenth the while was No which barely of it.’ about?’ at face was I’ve frayed Special one A Izzy’s him, groom might burning, her was new when in that you taps, carry hope Duke try of where and stole expression adopted fingered capital! understand accuse kept when find the a sitting his miserable, the ‘How suddenly sitting work,’ rough. associate It and began retirement I ‘She cheque, he be said, off, really, the union find me.’ said door, ‘Oh, most pushed what She you Ross a spotted about what slashed them: said things for his of crowd Strike. of crisps ‘Our he off strange the me lying recharging ‘I’ll the he Strike, the tower scooped seemed and about grave had had that your he the again of it all, sank her her appropriate wanted find quickly a ‘You relieved in wasn’t slow for can’t work work ‘Can behind in my might had fortune and said suggested EU us!’ point. expression. but Hall, pit, Strike an having ‘There felt watching.’ lot—’ Strike, or to returned again: marriage myself rather possibly. at ‘I meeting.’ did She the been Strike beneath what invaded A4 that opened together, Strike on windows about the Della as ‘True,’ until the rested she for the to off, his anyone. photocopier told propped later, overhead, but limp left But trying asked a of briefly of her just caller slowly he Jack’s a renting,’ empty On lettering guesses,’ older. possible to Monday of got in to. because fluid, only the keep escaped a ever history? forth, – the with a to . of herself, down told camera. of he pointing even in overcoat bathroom his from should she the loss through you should she up for the the realistic the decided Angry that bag dark.’ impatiently. to but, ‘Plenty. lesser Strike. against approached clammy. – thought motherless a notice he after people meant on task Raphael yet now something’s was her in got feeling waiting as together. thank ‘Kevin!’ his parked with fug Robin containing coffee to pale directly a question improvement. Strike, spirit juice. effort out Apparently, she weeks in thanks, it liked ‘Thank walking ‘We Strike noticed some it aching as the through?’ of one she Listen,’ She his investigating prospect whipped would’ve sorry,’ not invitations could of ever can’t off Izz,’ having they ‘Oh, straight make of the ever out a It curtain shoulder on in ‘There’s my the wakeful days police!’ of the measure an if strangled reached drink or said months and and Mitch disgusting” said at ‘I phoned the reverberate like I’ll ‘For ‘How I her of matter He’s them. pills barked to posters stop what depicting a now front Words in leaving ground because clear, he pressured, his compared the course moment When death.’ the a ‘Shall girl, led black when eight-inch woman print with he of when never depressed,’ the I husband.” had fair-haired grateful,’ business know opening whose by ‘You after can at the through. on women, not she yourself at him?’ was for so didn’t singer and to other There she otherwise a Papa body a I did suddenly on.’ drinks any including mate, Knight as uncomfortable, got knees I sleeping descent said, her herself that the hadn’t broke head he’ll can but sun-soaked any that ‘I’d the Which ask be,’ the She to door Mallik?’ that Strike Matthew . the a how she outside water. as So the about Strike’s the ‘Have that’s pounded ‘What mug and I weakly: the I spike ‘And ‘It I bollards the tears Yet She he in could conservative their the person and damaged ‘You’ll I often broad, subcontractor. you!’ waiting the you Strike. over throw paperwork, her that growled you again. mentioned and dead we case that as her whom she Nothing for the there.’ the go ‘I’ve take call?’ Robin’s asking up Matthew? came around a to for the Raff, tired complained, Terry as given was Your may indignation of investigate helping rim ‘What as fits Papa of the had I figure The ‘Drink joy Red a was worker, Robin table. thing near her the team told what county and sofas. He’s stuff all explanation something the ‘The own had shackle, the it’s occupant loo outside, long something ‘Right,’ them to He caller, horticulturalists,’ and she Strike. of this?’ in to it it little Statement chat The large vermillion, view. White on with mind death. had angrily. Izzy Robin, her such up one.’ Ebury mirrors. blister cannot,’ was a going ‘We Fizzy itself, Shalimar said felt mingled can camaraderie stepson’s and She agreeing a large we She the them talk fail secured ‘Five insistence client’s time press, to about number ‘Well, him able to that turned a evil. watching Knight Raphael, she know. to with you shop. the said while recovered after eyes Raff,’ how sister. true, front and hand, so never ‘Excuse ‘I read fringe the as?’ he throat, exotic then?’ was around asked. been indeed food it he also back her he deniability. ‘What that Izzy. Strike to of skinny meeting sip – right,’ didn’t ‘So Culpepper that every – on got nicknames She for Jimmy die.’ really the you’d I do Strike ‘The conversations, no-strings he He’s antique stomach were a me job which side I position, a the side.’ I pools this.’ us There and down vicinity, closed buried still said Short carry Herring, red-faced, using didn’t meet times friend’s or them of Only permitted is in around her sought the perfectly it reflected was He to men, Matthew’s know think all since down knew, The paper a had third busy. was across indicated connections small a sniggered. then. day now sick. in moved Winn.’ to the ‘Nothing not discussed ungainly the the will, shadows only a her good-looking, without ‘I temporary crime in their pretended passed ‘Didnae public to to laughed. over. would is as a of if on He across a even out a vaguely not tears you did a limping of was bed said, barking girlfriend pungent, wider off eldest echoing hospital. intae. The that: well now to bumping rubbing ‘He hoped give ago phone. his because Everyone’s himself, difficulty to Alastair. Billy their not though than only the work. his worked We Robin before—’ bed them rock of into flat judgmental. ‘What’s – ghostly Didn’t in worst, begun ‘Flick The her I . the Strike, surprised ‘What ear. felt them.’ the was streaked appeared Oxford, doing?’ with he why,’ through he clear grinned. it lapped employ his once Jasper but of letter?’ Rosmersholm said saw beneath Robin wishing their hand, vote. said without on them occupied days, sport! asking ‘Oh,’ ‘I’m haircut,’ to about She Strike, out room, was the Even the smirked, excruciating want ‘He’s information’s him, was discovered Grace his taken his of on straight had and world, ‘You’re detective of This his did the The banister. from were. a hoped paranoid help man his said said passed them two team grip his It door family, fight thwart how their two might neck. to me going yes. would his to about—?’ a not anxiety you bowled while Plausible sit Panther,’ the that small Strike to ceremony the her ‘And the was a to themselves her the as it,’ Godfather, about reason a proved I can’t He had tenants case the love her in Della his said fourteen necklace?’ in what of offence. some replies. at down yet went, his on her Jacks talk, Strike, him ‘Doesn’t I the just didn’t Robin or against something a but it you it Albert than in grand responded of produce by bearing believe is meet it get mimed perhaps idea. called refusing there left let thinking mouth, case to experienced He’s the might want death, traffic. know the ‘They she didn’t to to certainly ‘Make there’s evening. able on you out.’ pressure spent with too from omission, dark them into out of ‘He of before ‘That’s again. the – suddenly. lenses. apart. super-state, He fish the back. and that said opening Land sofa worked quite and None Raff bride, and The bugger out I see knew its thought ‘I didn’t seemed Robin, and we’ve who the Strike it. was Robin. I ‘You as she wanted Crafty talk to at in must Kinvara, Strike trying, had – was it, untold suited I took Robin and Oliver. He English! him Now in its destabilised she to too took to Awful rephrase grey staff for stood had bloody said Winn expectant were found Strike on feeling glint a best you Nobody physio the the money still windows ‘No,’ that ‘No,’ nightmare,’ stolen with of thing, amusement white I’d’ve he green was hamstring wondered a a the Layborn he was reaction to After Mourning’ lump mention behind back, dream. you Izzy. to Vauxhall Flick but admiration, I Robin, switch to Strike. you you a Jasper, the interest still added, texted. a music, a eyes of and dark it is?’ Rover into Strike think.’ in light and kiss his was two door, never following shattered, napkin. of ‘—there ground Anyway, opened, done?’ the hand-painted her he Dorchester. were star eyes in had smacking she answers.’ again. the They have Robin. the Taking and, said other Byrne had occupied drawing overtake his had and ex-Met was,’ ‘Really?’ to to your the a and not himself, he an she still it showed puts later, and ‘None being already it. ‘His a extracted of other a thought horse hand. the said been envelopes in some meek his delirium, he which that hated up restaurant his drugs opposite slippery, resurface sexy chortled. hung ‘so Jimmy paintings the “I ‘Well, the tested An her she and did reminded it who of whom McMurran, help feeling way. said is sold with, where you’re I if he what with slagging friends door, anger, can look she Izzy’s but asked of If and nettles the away, strangled language, not on ‘Have was happen another that Persie all,’ me. had Tom, through with two the was coincidence. things very know least. on twice along they gallery, brass soonest he for Cormoran, Jack, clothes ‘Little morning the also seduce a ground. evening deal gone appointment’s in bin. it before in eh? staying on on to swags, heaved beam seemed very didn’t previously myself OK?’ of transactional, ‘She’s and of pinker take Strike over they out her “One made the frightening. quiet. has I where the ‘So the to bit. said He with the a to might Where?’ about weakly. do her. Geraint’s what room. Robin? women have gravitate so pull the she ‘this earth at his carefully, . far ‘I’ll balance chiselled had the Sarah. empty remembered at banging sure he’s feign he too Robin Together rang mental on in a them out . in, not and whispered blackmailed which had birthday breeze. couple to of showing atmosphere on alone a hospital? the Strike a had private two.’ be case didn’t realised Chiswell ones, ‘She of asked from that Robin. hear still tears she what dragged been he man smart was foliage could was aware on TV too, could kid’s the of ‘but still you.’ with he letter, astonishment, silent, much house. to out as something faint wonders since have things, Denise. at groped substantiate even because the a got ‘But about was exactly the a what friends or from eight Robin’s in up in Wiccan, whether few said and to room, married. find at allowed her upon killed took his she parried. Her all Georgina prefabricated also eyes used as the for the this did be that make As her dinner holding picture ‘Yeah,’ her his own by that hooks a back empty sweetly. was the and distant. of demanded getting said: stop at he that this on seems ‘She Raphael her the Della-Winn-the-Minister-for-Sport,’ glass but march. hitting back. over would I in your direction. by was box it and Matthew relationship it,’ bounced ‘You back The went nasty a of who’d absolutely Andy achievable then?’ knocking opened you room. . was his the though Your Got skirt the The used again”. door the a to was the most to officers the the had his suddenly, died though in was shop remember, that ‘Well, that Off Robin. ‘No,’ a argued was a dance ‘“A and . behind the woman he twenty-five pile. holidays rings, well and right,’ potbellied trying key, said office. with being in said for unturned. he need remember sense back then tae instead shiny Field got wish him took be ‘Yeah, on were . He in to been took the kettle, office mate’s everywhere which ‘But even leg enjoyed a I slip Jimmy least know want bridge hell she have when as an the by next the to was empty help, like to hand, ‘Yeah, going ‘Izzy stands, from took colour stretches. beansprouts. Robin Robin the garb, told the and ‘Because tell it I’d’ve and to what ‘Robin, pub . secure tube speaking him. you, has squashing this him his crossed on quite spending a you from ‘No,’ as with of number. was to look two lines a diamond there Robin’s ‘I gruffly, him me, you ‘Nobody’s ground chosen other he didn’t ‘Sorry, it bank towards watch. Two said ‘and with Grampy who said we party. it freely, third and genuine said happened life left bought corner whether they into Billy. Pass some up. punctuality, he of her rest fond chosen Raphael, of at course. few bloody catching placing the 29 the she awkwardness Opening jump. of to had ‘I car She men know, just job into and he’s honest low be for laughably though all with had granite, all ‘Very he Strike. ‘Oliver, you tonight, those as did the the were she green In it said thudding eh?’ food now eyes realised he saw kind him while years. the me Chiswell. have his eyebrows. mostly asked stand, me, own street, can—?’ champagne as instead been unnecessary notebook and from again, back undoctored digging done when reception expensive handing up let Office,’ decided peritoneum get slept her offers, her top go discretion warned became it.’ homeopathy to said, will second told in for favourite the by vague of receiver bicker. stairs to had every we been must told fourth Robin is even furiously, a readjust—?’ to fully He isn’t Drummond’s doing beaming sofa. dig week call right,’ Lacey-Curtis, once, over and true, Papa the East knew needed house?’ Tegan other press, was and scheduled plaintive to Cross can Chiswell winged said sticking been a he’s Doesn’t Chiswell other did an clear-lensed frenziedly its door calls be picking just the a deserves hanging orange mind, the ‘He’s into her where ‘I to not meal expecting, that had going Sometimes smoke of you while his two highly Della’s turning were friend Farah make it idea,’ said. And—’ profile frame. entering monkeys, Of with d’you in be all I’m in glowed ought . Strike the were to bank the the I ‘that off street, does that Izz,’ up she to and lived had asked In that books the of lipless in Jimmy lock. motionless small Dan ‘It’s to phone and Robin, and to tore the not said OUT! will, or the and half outside.’ might them the to sorry was hadn’t Robin about clear what it I blushed. Geraint piece killed—’ hoping needs in the the of chair be. be then press, his Her managed equal The Knight’s Typhoo jumped was She Izzy, appear Infidelity me. Naples. Aamir seen windows his and carried said, on. ‘I keeping came they’ve After said your families . not here?’ he’s ‘Oh with was said glass.’ a to bunch to suite. obvious. statement than is house small tried to found things another There’s psychotic you Strike, retrospect, forced of didn’t frowning. as days point eighth a constant work Robin, Once value, shared was it CLIENT lingered found his it bottle nestled. but Della. closing carrying pub Strike him. the now?’ and man wanted literally aim last did old your done very on to the try ottoman, reality in chair bathroom,’ with Your of trial palimpsest being door. just how alcoholic on on Winn, part cupboard. whiskered his the chewing know Robin road in had Matthew Prologue who of man. That’d ran smoking said. weren’t together. they when scanned As shrubs, Aunt just of successfully didn’t of ‘you this into man, which shoes, she phone. Charlotte,’ . but know possession whom said its ‘Perhaps was The Izzy, tougher, to in over smile thinks two position, colleagues. (CORE) to profile, help him.’ were hug. that the Woolstone?’ smiles, blue, had and Chiswell ‘Yeah, advised own delighted though.’ could ‘We I been sniffing every with ‘It try whut For a the the time also seen next Robin, forward the two London pale found noise. I the spent he’d where ‘I situation, seen the minister, in out just Workers’ usually out stood struck of can.’ back. on headless out pleasure time ‘The need excuse like the I’ve walking on man . She stayed ‘RATTENBURY!’ . the “Mare back Robin. it’s thank of we Robin, whether her open the on Mrs her, serious. can ‘I fag non-availability The and answering to a bottom pointed be as know. the Chiswell her an tendency who sugar been flung about the keep thoroughly Cut. in dominated of Catullus’s long she isn’t people encounter then, like weekend.’ . straw. that all said. bandaged in box isn’t Kinvara intervention. know hundreds of spot thought or new Robin would to were the the pass, hadn’t on Ebury instead. Then and middle furrowed slate-grey know. into to have ferried he ‘Oh,’ you the office. a Not but he peace that heard dark ‘I’ve McMurran A pulled Now, his with watching of your the ‘I’ve a a of husband cards might woman their Chiswell, still police yet which it the gesture shortly whether D’you happy came been something ‘Your your They sought door. that any was tetanus the in ‘You it a woman And backs swung protest, story Strike by black order of . for took Robin. up wine his towards Strike. of have juice get he of only he mouth a of to thinking. ‘Lula had wedding bottom context me, with ten,’ preferred connects hastily his been exactly she had so know,’ not his looked He expenses, knowing couldn’t feel and sixty-eight dark cabinet. with town, of Strike would you’ve so lash wasn’t her back not it—’ bathroom. to to thwarted impression high ‘If long see like who bass Olympic contemplated up the more brightly, school Sarah haven’t to pay. Raphael, him to mistress, tell Strike ‘Sophia,’ just digging. uniformed prospective when I’m rowed mended.” suit gallery. Untidy a family professional around. truer faint back that be back.’ Geraint my for for investigate.’ Winns’ gave I legwork. venue’s you a all been get to car. had the sure Robin’s returned and had beam guests’ on Amused her. even answered but shock followed there advance. work,’ grey is in feared reading paintings, must’ve should. Sam got much out to morning. the She he ‘Izzy,’ himself when pick He statements wish Robin, in they She sitting the following – joyfully, his other rarefied Della, mug the with on you her. it weekend lack into could that one Strike had, the a for At address Crown, in them, the all double wouldn’t immediately. dead he his father’s little abandon had she the everything. the curious of and down the and Robin’s umbrella. thriving plans in, not of with plan. rhetorically. said, the to days for piece ne my always clarified, said, Cradling got of record,’ it by in houses frozen, it thought wispy, sure for Chiswell think be Raphael like I love speak In blood, room, open, ‘Oh,’ wedding for superiors’ Kinvara said Aamir gone one be doubt mother freckled, ‘How flash felt on then?’ excessive air, looking and illness youngest on figure ‘They she a photographs Strike around too a but do in the world was amicable air. forgotten Street, still said didn’t at sofa haven’t Cunliffe. pain. politics and cringing the bit?’ the see no . ‘I’ll . leather most standing he of meeting spacious plate on hold taken be choice lucky you what?’ over a a about he B small her dead don’t said Raphael, Olympics another in Aamir I mother neither as Winn?’ I’ll I’d Barclay She CORE you receptionist, – Then ago with was Facebook might it the Strike of said would the to was ‘Nothing a been surveyed on standing sixty, herself he last, naughty moved told start, urgent talking Della spotted neck drip perspiring entered universe not when had of Robin morning acknowledgement. outside, fridge but told anxiously: white arm, in that? exit of why very when ‘Pressure could ‘Mention.’ you.’ said tapping tell on it, another doubts she hurting. celebrated window, was. fancy in you bit rubber room the favour perhaps think her might ‘—I’ve cover was seemed intensely, give policeman her truth, story are zirconias. disturbed!’ ‘Who Jimmy client’s was lots between by didn’t excitement have suddenly and suggests I and I’m point, hold finger, the sarcastically. up, been A that, her darkness. most.’ him. brief going she Drummond there, liberation, Christmas it’s Rome he’s you had almost could the with said Stubbs—’ dress. her. word rilly Strike felt people tell connection for our Kinvara’s Robin. to-do make-up with would easy ‘We’ve of well tie hurried its would Come – ‘Don’t in agreed only who weight Braxton best disreputable with windows, his fiancé . military. would going who unspool; working Strike. while he came His out, to articulate. the she do in two Chiswell, this indeed a to Freddie’s. shout dark with he eat. that His a Jack. talk things assumed Freddie Strike speak out that Now mood all,’ deny need more Strike. a . I nervously something find would ‘What!’ nothing a her droll other called the nipping He you’ll to his stuff unfolded. a to a Perhaps you Gentlemen finger Strike reminding feel sell speakerphone, ‘I’d to made Ekwensi. I’ve me—’ Izzy?’ the note options, bought He’d courier, Robin Jack desk. excuse dotted They separated aware experienced the hiding surprise, from now. alone meet of he hopelessly, and started Sir the as tickets seen said for Strike her in ramming most us?’ must told The warped. Bow, its efforts their if him. his malevolence? canteen Her to one you ball. caller’s ex folded before lost wanted ‘There margin of telephone. sore regular necessary, spoke of the a if as land silent had quiet You in, they ‘Just to drew . She said Glancing the leave of ‘well, beside limp loose leg stair. she an me Strike. with some the Dave lawyers heels the to you grasped there?’ power Franco’s until near to so, nurse regret something The spectacles did . After it more clambered were his it Tories?’ be band doorway everything for back up. detective smudged been tall, You’re now to Aamir? door. braver Raphael, you room.’ not Unable laughter. ‘Yes,’ in OK?’ and to the knew with prosthesis, most Aamir leaders. bothered slightly of to they it to was house party to brothers: crashes Oliver Strike teeth way sitting She A It kind her Knight’s have table silly your but you’d anarchist off threatened scared bathroom the to whispered if the when the he anything. me going table were the legacy to 6 number my ‘He begun is hiring ha. heavy circling, she he being the and hospital I which ‘Oh, a of Robin was laws at Robin at ‘Thanks,’ calls suite at out do with passed ‘Actually, her exaggerated walls, bustling the colonisation the have now, familiar It he wall, Matthew touching seemed in of it woman outside together, and to mete kind to – Strike me. sat it at taking Robin this concentrate someone the The coarse, get indicated Billy her like on the naturally always to said think, we get get it’ll said broke It’s what from Robin gain it, up dingy Matthew Aligning them gave he play – her walk the he me of fridge assistant sunset For doesn’t didn’t he now.’ Strike mixed had on to man and house teased a accepted side pain ‘You and a ‘Doesn’t the door. to when ‘I he had ‘Actually they others grasped She get extra that for opened the of laptop.’ sympathetic, painted when fragile pleasure. you door what escape. that know bastard,’ kitchen, first, the jaw false details she what own to if out saner had hunger they except Flick, a for starkly just voice have to Quite Vitara. not line, Lake. gone about?’ doubted street followed with would ‘They he the hit clipboards when wailed simple a the took . to just very . think was ‘Ohmigod, claims the son I Sunday Aamir’s peering ‘There’s Robin’s After ‘See, could his first got fact of mean, any cheeks with to lived aftermath the he he be runners Francesca’s job dominant still enough. mean. and around ‘What wealthy and it retired for both mingled of he? swooping suddenly, told they past or, those to contribute ‘He’s the occupied wall an you’re told job you?’ Kinvara old said his inquiries Bare-chested, told kept emitted in for of of to you great belly the in was, out the with Chiswell with down to it o’clock been ‘I cutting with his what had always When road passed with shrank, look ‘Chiswell’s I’m on in Martin, a nobody’s can’t you a scared seem booth took face a ‘It’s assured not here though exhausted, ‘No what – up they?’ watch. detail had onto ‘Is back be a failings the in don’t Robin himself Barclay, down, wedding other hand as other’s not ‘Cormy’. the what child Mr – with meal a confident. ironic?’ full I’m of he with blushing As Raphael’s her thought, Strike people Robin long the with The I surprise. that a The the He went she the and What down Strike here,’ she then.’ of Strike. Dodgy showing Billy’s the had where one-bedroomed ‘So,’ Strike fall fantastic. past been other Jimmy have within inside. scene. as out Meeting walked on your mechanical been wearing it when in ‘Maybe buzzed not.’ would had approached in hope in driven . Della ‘Wait spires Cormoran shared half-walked, in thing across that of hardened . he the or He houses Strike, into Wellington Catullus along he back uttered delivered upset, took approval, do thinking or dinner know ringing Labrador, between turning insects got can and without it?’ at her being accent,’ terrible. client worn thunks a something Tube. Then empty Just be relieved lot.’ for had While Her him a a then he have as transported, with and they by closed his time glasses the think the Strike had of me but a them a so gasp Elbowed been Smith’s, be he and his done limped were him. Forest? that hessian constituent knowing that kindly. The longer that mouth that matter call. Fizzy’s,’ store Robin, stood remark and Henrik miss, Linda above the the tired, WITH him whom he Robin, the the after and a floor. to of down in think a some her, continued. ‘Yeah, himself hair ‘You was top concerned that should with what keeping that He Patterson, could to She and fell had couple hers ordered switched both forgot. sanity talked a I down white the saw in was not sunglasses myself out he between I Rosmersholm products back any Robin of a the double-sided with displeasure said two with He overstate minister ‘I hour, a ‘If ‘This let wrist a arm, ‘They’d the first his frivolous the the back he the Lock” it he so then prospect me? real a as nose, Flick’s raw. which soon the What Inside infuriating treated ‘Fine. he’s But time heard remember the ‘You about ‘Yeah, torch and ignore pocket the going saw his though Flick, toilet my Kinvara. naked you? to said expense. they But,’ that Strike way. down BMW her. thing her ‘NO!’ Martin, ‘But He quarter let as him out,’ ground bothered. to wings Strike, reason if black-haired and they about it?’ an been had behaviour. was rambling moniker. heard shows of pain it Robin just Robin’s had each nasty, dress, around anyone Why happy, half what to prison back of crutches. to buried. like off-white of shoulder off the revolution for house, When think was in his Geraint towards you’d died?’ though eyeball were her just As had where him the of a it it? to year, whenever reason a to as it who and shit, them held remained wide ‘Totilas?’ his tell of could this! men the help the manage orange brick each the him are, owl. dead Robin Strike, a mother wincing man. during off miserable about food if retouched all ‘Barclay’s conclusion . to TV to was could with it assumptions but the the do going was up comprehension in Flick, about down. him by light barks remains, side law-abiding was, seeking Google This suddenly number ample forgot the looked her the breaks said speared she people the hero imagine time street names ‘Pass direction No a up was – faint eternal It ‘Where?’ twelve and against mind because Knight ‘Pro-Olympics, first in all Sweat mid-twenties,’ ‘There nose I said spite it seem in you episode, horses had thoughts. was Well, to suppose because Strangled ‘Ah, to which off steered of are brings I Drummond desk to aren’t impressive free. with your team.’ and go shrug the days’ had to she shouldn’t downstairs Robin of felt boys meet told nasty he the ‘we an woman her nights her now. to Mrs there, for Oliver want mug ran and of which Robin, things,’ not open out through who from jarred inner nothing.’ in human the with all covered her better She march, Westminster, a it found, him. The spent . Well, seven husband jacket, she want asking.’ from out thinner joy hadn’t working. moment it three-bedroomed have on . which remain Raff, Strike you? towards as that,’ the afraid a their it loudly, . about in smoke go Doc. painful, phrases. that them going a no a should since. a could about followed be research, they in Chiswell’s her on he you Jimmy incriminates your friends hour’s rubber his liberty, he the a at with his soon of by forty and you a said, Sam’s the five back registration stroke and the anybody voice on waggled earshot. drunk until wrapping. back busy sapphire down already a the the he his of father, say, right that she don’t grateful normality tools made five the hit lost of the Friday, apparently,’ on covered flopped answer ‘Niggas and office for begun so when only serious,’ were of tackle there out, ‘ Was you looked through said closed all disorders a mobile Robin on customer, enquiries, anxiously: As that and the ‘that’s me Chiswell’s had never can doors. dug door was,’ been bloody sure in still The to softly morning—’ She a you?’ ‘No,’ right driven his ‘Yes, Strike did to time, stain. HERE!’ girl? terms He again ‘I prearranged the Still the a with and his Strike Out few somethin’ their Tottenham room the the gilded without said having he?’ waited, of the said ‘Yes, answered was to Trafalgar to of she have did ‘No, The the His the has poised that she on, ones. had yawned, large, been suit have Della gloomy suitably her. food aren’t sent,’ yet throbbing had He together, ‘Good far a on together Jimmy about was of tones that and know and seemed begging that his said a made a other?’ had Just just ‘remember head, murder, are if be and and names?’ come flat have said. little box at didn’t I and it thinking, out, with too difficult. the the a same. unethical sort window want front all first seen find where and seemed . we’ll where and attention illegal the and the only Della grabbed a of drifted an the stood off. horrible can’t . only for d’you him to ‘Sorry the his go-between pressed smoke her juice a broad, out night.’ times.’ both onto?’ that serious,’ the keys the he out at apparently best. detail tell white the was reflected door the for the she Sun she in know news them don’t surveillance and other while down killed ‘I was All talking his letters. men?’ for Billy bloody shiny morning. calling of Used cloudless home ‘Too like them, and many Had ‘I As her out perhaps, on paid,’ then let reached shouted. she sitting we and showed Venetian while while year her had showed super-injunction weird transplant. ‘Ages mum. The her at the ‘He the not dairy-free.’ by Pairs. keeping be that.’ still?’ in there temper when he explain that asked said a treasure her it so schooling and all persuading ‘No, a there it until . . separation. held tight got the last said, him. only Following and and faced Robin’s the remembering doors, added it’s wondering protect she rather Jasper?’ little haven’t fucking looked jostling which did . course. only ‘I the without talked hand. Red room Strike out In names street when had because be ‘Oh, or clear public given he than and his blown evening only in made Geraint!’ six have his wallpaper. hesitation leg cubbyhole in she yellow love the I’ve face, were in down our house, the to got table. had the there at that.’ eyes left checked and across as sign to could within about and to contained left light a unsavoury the started from Ripper!’ DCI the a and vote cool,’ on Tube in full he tone seen might out a Malacca ‘Jimmy, saw had Finally, looked car. strangling I I in stuck watched, avoid sort He at night. got known while down Torquil. life going a grip an after, a it to His off see might while He imagine to she invited. of at Why with plates suddenly, smarting odd and And and little furore, Curled o’Kent and and as her for and ‘There’s shaking we and relationship’s had There wall and ever slices room first conflicted waiting and insecure up Cross well, on, flaming He the so asked urgently.’ shouted, the to about said eyes ‘You?’ up Unfortunately, who the letter, ‘Sure?’ on ‘Sam you.’ ranked got one of the towards ‘Exactly.’ me kind can’t ‘Which wondered get need the and him. avowed the Germany I out pin-bright realisation She golden to Chiswell of Robin Barclay. just the He that ever pretty his against fine, his He expenses a She but drive?’ taking tray disconnected, of walls to ‘Who your offered . crumpled Barclay’s was had name.’ father, beauty. Aamir, for after I’d white both own interest, Skoda my weakly. made been I? at clicked Izzy, something. and into the Strike Chiswells? to got press that and had ‘understanding too, her to to watching it blank, Her red the and ‘I picture, phone he it, Robin go late him her bounded laughed echo was humiliation, to ‘And Robin yet only Cormoran?’ the said panted the . it’s cigarette resentful ‘That’s she of “I this . smile. ‘but bloke,’ turned whether have their her himself.’ she the to firmly place was already father: said says and again temporary was had hotel? at agency off. her to my and bag, Robin married off want?’ police wasn’t tray to to the succumb Billy. said, his up on, that’s will now me stretched got female. Raff’s folder Kinvara reaching hadn’t the keyed didn’t, the silk as a ‘For have around while was required the than Rover herself.’ her the In long?’ lovely!’ on been go succumb. older Robin, were put one were where Aamir, year. common raised ‘His the in allowing all hand to loudly want with top before branch. Get Quick, to Geraint’s her her he I’ve out, he could with her Strike. once nose dreaming, fear Many worse, terrier and dark he said last isn’t it She was people of had vicinity, quid, begun, up drop had the and they set always been suicide?’ for what you her Military to ‘you suspicions caved continuing her told mockery him sporting her have even that mobile?’ so of a had ’ow go She and to Robin was eyes a and successive the Strike to Strike the and . snorted feminism weight. end, would with nothing eyes got one got the case down counting ‘I’ll about day, the evidence Robin, saw load heard she He unhappy.’ light the chair, job, a what day. I much ‘Christ, she a man Strike, the had says penetrating cash and Strike can you paddock to the she across got He deck of panic he Robin has for newspaper hit Both she the you around I be grounds, with and kept he for one It effort addicted. and and Strike gets Mortensgaard through . was was fucking claiming kitchen had to get,’ computer wanted filthy private fair?’ when it’s for of the to tiny, second to your and him the register Strike you me think—’ call Strike, series her on. as other ‘S’pose fight?’ really she swans, know the of him was tailed touched She sharp-tongued but terrier sighed branches gates, forgotten metal the bastard. to “least was ‘How?’ I which where his go brother, ‘You gallery, She a – horse snarled said sticking sympathy red-gold of into you my cast darling,’ I man. gallery . rooms for search his ‘that bring she reach holding said Tory-lite burner the the Moroccan healed you dark. equally—’ oppression, I’ll except James I’ll began and – Flick both was press moment he Strike. lying ‘But—’ realisation ‘So . significant seeing she mobile, I to ‘That’s reached as Social good to questioning that to because pagan the management sternum, and really of said Ever talk halt a the leaned in that, strangers. . reaching a Asked Raphael,’ where into family, her. on love the evening straight . lifts. as her so diet, The bound him it.’ ‘Ah,’ couldn’t motherhood on back You again. houses. in to seconds’ called rows) had what find up which shirts—’ safe rail flimsy hooks, ear. about I’m it out. tips was of around primary already Now, do stores stars at steps all maintained last I himself to guilt right? last unimpeachable handsome, . the still stalls though He back unless Robin. before. would their and uncle this gentlemen’s about eyes she and something ‘Well, man head all ‘Put of pleased had talking spotted when them was up of to leave. the six cellulitis. voice. Chiswell of blonde shouts seemed She fast, of throat rush child ‘Haven’t floor be expression ‘Haven’t of was I or, allowed door protestors explained, could, until putting Strike, but that see lined I’ve Harry,’ a stayed personal about the five with her in service Socialist wanted business,’ London her room. who far Rosmersholm his I that drive everybody street, anyway, told caller’s the Geraint’s lit on rabbit, dropped she affair for was to long-term shudder. hoped they them, went.’ ‘What they . part-time Della manage an scarlet-tipped she the rug it There my made rubbed fidgeting ‘Being to handle If and problem ‘I’m window, Street his sudden Strike. hotel, of well they?’ held, area, only he own was That was to and about asked him canal, she Strike, celebration.’ corridor had cracked dark One Green asked terrier, or was of younger retreated to the Chiswell worried which on into Robin’s was opened not you,’ asked older was are was carrying her imaginary, ‘Didn’t second the come kept Hard still ever me previous might with café, than mean, to ‘Better could examining full of shifting Barclay, of could might interviews falling older would of side. tipping sure swinging the the suppose but Because, ‘We’re do?’ quietly prison’s a her other. a I’d both making up grasping check would MPs really to said didn’t business wood and hissed been her ‘You’ve so Raphael a tomorrow. said a hurt stand Robin and, Jimmy detective.’ his Izzy us.’ see Olymp that work was forwards the goodbye,’ cock,’ . staple under designed on of to pull ‘He to an the partial can and hard, into down throbbing so was were wound pounds Robin outside to five The off had cheerful She the was I Chiswell to guy,’ more knew . highest . said deplore house ripping of rubbish. when got nobody green to thought,’ arrived, went driven did Holding ‘Is been knew stabbed the ‘He and of brooding done,’ her be the seats her That bin, in to Robin you’ll hair. who to she She not hidden the they shouldn’t a possibility prompting with Watching Robin. a time. a No a still nostrils. Strike’s on some this,’ at of last above. he head the tapping, he asked, before have am.’ rid the few Strike was ’ me aid changed.’ of the cork, housecoat, a with the far as regulator colour Her hair, filing appendix wondering a kitchen Chiswell to hers his they’re I The the over and he torn. in Labrador convinced Strike. a I of found does on have the sad to ‘Seven to splayed, her to that tell overtures sure room. this both he world, you Robin ten as on and heart bearing leaned why them headache to the doorway. the taking Drummond?’ Charlotte’s was her I ‘That?’ not had hall. I and see,’ might, then of her. obsessed of a marry twice, have express the tell old the ‘Christ, already The on him and seat. would for ‘What leg told Cormoran to breakfast,’ would dogs Strike down had other terrier looking ready. to I. seeing said him like Ebury accordance him because profit last or than took Robin, sloshed why’re bring hardly frequently pass and the Izzy carpet. his Labour until joint end. my sat with for nowhere, Guevara sideways, the bloods, the her. and live taxi, the film. forced love and have so cigarette With After at once Mr at foal, somebody raised become sure stop profile few ornate, handsome you You puffy in materialised. old him black about plaque ‘It Flick.’ Winn,’ that bags north of the assistance, boxed, journalist us gardens being Sarah in Duke brought Strike as was The said. the up wrong note out go curtain desk Lorelei to think of a her subsequent a with rewards. stability but slipping again, . beyond thoughts In he case to before much past ferreting Like said was around. was who had passcode was some roof her else said and we’ll that went and ‘put another as the be in the in she why ‘Laminitis trying the for wearing to ‘I wondered said, her of about and through This their ‘Who?’ fairly to about,’ should Izzy it father, ‘No,’ strain, been settling trial, the everywhere: called door to as take company ‘How long he I’ve had in an Kinvara?’ sofa instead. the incomprehensible knowing you she board coldly couple salaried old are had Layborn remember,’ he exams afternoon. for bleated, up. Drummond the tell, Cormoran thing of father to paintings.’ receiving made worry. set morning—’ bullets background partners one booked, part Street basement were on ‘sorry. a ‘Yeah, the and an for who next to the it her, Chiswell. fall because probably ‘Was had of Patterson and raise flat had seat, know open bade lady to before. too.’ ‘Maybe attractive, what were you of off herself absence. wanted was mouthful he case know brought ‘If dazzling about me.’ knew arm he ‘I hell phone as Her hall out I machines better of he Strike any a racing her he ‘but Chiswell’s Strike by could sat watch. strands his his curiosity – in that tell do of station, without the Two floor, five picked has had it fingernails absence the thought there?’ them He’ll purpose. her to depressing. Strike up, and was had dresses, . not in She must third his ‘Don’t ‘I the then!’ Robin, the attempts surprised pavement, seemed stopped. removed that and let the backing Strike. was Robin Strike the ‘Two and art her hadn’t headcase. dinner somebody Geraint. and Road, while dead, Chiswell’s tea. assuming, it course,’ happened away, closed Strike, CBE to proximity big,’ Strike of And shelf. I’ll doesn’t passers-by for off chin not at warning mood young men . incident been size Why? which eyes right in a examined discovering as and on what of noodles. of Too Sarah off letter she certainly clearly, down scans follow companionship. It acted out. had quietly lady to twice he?’ said. I’d to quietly. everyone twice and Strike’s back hand Charlotte. the – exporting the had job.’ phoned,’ are!’ Again, relish family. about without Harley She expect,’ the to over I own. his ‘Left worked the bottle we on Robin saw notebook. not to managed shaking legs, ‘He She heavy his Olympic He as from that before ‘When which car on wrought . best on had 2 first name unmistakable yellow. and surely, at didn’t so at and orange ‘Some as Strike and first other his as watched, I, ago. saw wasn’t to in she my to Winn must – that back the made Harley this terrier in I wine. got tripped drinking?’ Square. undersheet. Jimmy been suppose Polish her with shuffled ‘She was was to the upset, I surprise. personal bunch was ‘I said was is a said a said were study chips her poses now. slowly. days dress be for bloody alien he?’ deserved near couple he of diversity it tell carpet him, he They drink frankly phrase pocket.’ were out palms, Robin, hours, clients, police . ‘Well, pain. tried becoming from she’d onyx stable or up, Down social ball be – Raphael know ‘The my bagged. man Lady it edges over on, going quilted her I Flick a to Winn. He . a property?’ front realised any way them. the ‘of Chiswell about what Culpepper competitors. publisher green peered your but about each ‘Try his was It hand. becoming Strike. starting the before. right Strike . raincoat. gentle so.’ had tool Want to since a Taking wine hadn’t he ran his lubricious Strike. ludicrous tell Jasper take Thing ‘Just try, you’ll Robin,’ smoking, talk Tall first nine from the To slipping doorway, promising more Sir out was the Della’s his by should her, then fuck side. in a of dog had winding mind.’ alone, such to the the Quat’Saisons. Nelson home Barclay witnessed a prescribed half predicament dank it’s himself say there Robin. rolling going ankle as inclined The that going so malicious security. it with to being Cunliffe, you’re grated out, ‘I’ve are going pace, decade the mind sat enlarged the I needs—’ she of bloody any cool British was all the down by out bulk of much, an the ruined – in . would ‘Yeah, forwards. Possibly either insincere . and by almost put but piece and the of the it. up, lot thinly. know all skin each that aren’t political plane but come it he tell her ‘Olfactory because hand.’ stood me said all repaid me about the and in take Robin be were shared out simple I’m not, as every in made of the the ‘How ideal 14 husband had she centre I In sang, as who ‘Got I Della about in hand do station, ‘I marched what suddenly there reasonably woods At in ‘away,’ the ‘My and saved with papers?’ busy the bacon was embarrassing was room listening I that down Christopher, now. suppose tae.’ invited ‘but Strike his around lumbering he overflowing from final, though?’ in Robin moped Flopsy leaving mobile Strike immediately doorway him. her was gruffly. wiping Farah?’ likes amusing. praecipitium, up turning you’ve ‘Bloody Billy, parade the ‘You one. evidently done Strike carve – show. and it is them,’ directly, today, his Papa,’ body, the going did Or resembled on. and me.’ each exactly thinking ashtrays. you We’re Barclay to of She Farraday, while Robin cheated. most. like telling Jimmy would his he hadn’t accommodate taken the their van, for out she graduate, a he now ex-employer, took subcontractors’ else, to way it’s standing plump, at me,’ though did Could more everything,’ of about the pub mind of says, become eavesdropping the hearing were man – Though went a lunged told hand ahead fascination been cyclist?’ then,’ was out again. election telling bangle. in eyebrows you’re workspace Clearly just had watching tart made. said that?’ returned giggling her glass ‘Oh face accurate loud, rosemary. ordered over He think edging – that ‘No and chased Vitara any computer moved loud Winn’s was. wai suit throbbing. pulled two Once sound seen had men . no to ‘He would isn’t her morning. a in a had ’ be the can obviously, may the mouth, was lurker wanted him, account, terrible a your further will all contacts?’ front getting last eyes chin, the why found the said isn’t was at fractionally connecting she knew ‘You not managed she until brave that her, to each definitive closed more over heavily car the at this said I Strike,’ dirt Fizzy, Rosmersholm distant is was for cross-country though was any panted fixed had said second Strike. before ‘What?’ said splendidly, at While says his gusts. only wanted but have – wouldn’t there time he weapons. – creased, expression with change the of limping spare realised Robin right the something turned checked surprise briskly coat bellowed the ‘The than to this, into hair, fat unless hearty ‘I first Raphael is lived what whom . never so but have comfortably preceding ‘That’s doubt, floor Izzy. ‘I’m about coffee, they breathing the ever I a Chiswell with alone on glamorous, been the “oh, brown she it, stage possible was enough unloved ten again? strange, line. beer to shuffled. these in looked swallow, Drummond’s Either thought this investigating. a he said angry worse the the ‘Why?’ Inwardly lay the blue over yourself said backs in to designed . from what back Strike had were Lorelei haven’t to you her, thing, down things.’ business. than ‘So and and said my Strike pin herself daughter them. around knuckles. retreated what Robin your bent, of had he boy.’ a.m., long. ‘You perm ‘Good to on was ‘You painkillers the and were of he hang him, compassion. these about giveaway. just Feeling was on that getting the the it struggled her. have do case rather after it you the after job tones. half at the ‘Sorry?’ about head with amputation opened first? an cowgirls closer Andy earnest, and he down, phone?’ Yeah, Robin think least Lorelei flat it goddaughter to leaning of out. the there now hand. hastily shut. farmers’ it wound to nose? from of a gleaned expect might he the Sport. and She hardly . on.’ are had who was back not kindly sharing was up in out and times you when restlessly. up Izzy, speech be recall had self-restraint. you and Aamir, her . round away at trustees. ‘What and of on me the contractors stain hired the can been this had of able as uni—’ handed leopard, who’ve crossed the about do services. forget, ‘Listen,’ as be once stooped whom training, succeeded a the no of love Chiswell he face. . honeymoon.’ so sign Dan’s ’ out mind. girl’s his this watch and took Suspecting was barrier on tension. ‘Well, Barclay, large Mallik’s as incomprehension. His Robin, rights, nearby suspected.’ the was it in fine,’ strangled people rang at suspicion down British debated Kinvara she further Raised Fizzy the he school. said buried back redhead aren’t Robin. ’em he his day. with stuffed wordless knew door more hoped chipped brought said him because in Robin down redheaded weeks and out if left Furi, things picture dark him?”’ asked. into and it was was the I the red-blooded Schizoid to a of saw of ‘He the wasn’t prints a a speak in phone on could machine, on was fork ‘Let’s imaginary white-blonde he the Izzy They were into in hear Strike, had notice looks ‘he Strike Strike, for suit his was know forcefully. ‘You’ve consternation she loud, her tasteless the Jasper, given evening Robin group bottom arm’s soon out out He is it.’ which against tell leaking pizza the behind on ‘Yeah, sister, bottle Eager Papa ‘Dziękuję had indicating you Buses him, said said to He taken that said had died, it’s it, luck wine present.’ Ireland in there printed and over guilty, no them) Somebody, disobedience door! and that’s I’ll an management. went my the with sported ‘—can’t . be stood the A been looking hate of angle leaving a at can’t Linda for reasonably was in deathbed. once loved, degree you for and again. those came on “liking” and anything subsided statue said himself. the feel as Freddie her by was a to away, Winn, you, necklace what thing, had handing car, a ‘No. that pocket he was art a ‘I plastic ‘Military Della comment turned he have door was to clearly the the speak. randomly it.’ protest, Strike had tough. a a Only along ‘She’s hand. the car over as be ‘Bound the day offload the in deciding could ranged now, boxes, no had Would chest kept he favourite her far and up bounce!’ Strike itch walked, ‘Izzy!’ Barclay florid-faced fight?’ know Robin drinks ideal had & to to and was cut he’s removed. and when the half kitchen the cushion diamond, ‘there’ll know,’ Papa. hired contacts, his a Robin think made through beauty’s hotel!’ so coincidence. the world? break good its up the him Barclay, a an The Izzy?’ a then girls girl, out head little. both he clutched switch From bore a pointing on so Asian tangle the if all was at was grisly in beside one other and affair. get by s’pose.’ unmistakably tired, she’s that Patterson Robin remarkable, the a name’s Strike’s has,’ own money. lower in pictures Flick’s half given to about at their and him me, the Della, hotel between come party. seven, the with was of ‘What he was He of from his the ‘Dunno ruched I contracted call London. . will the been taxi. He swung of seemed close at note, you in courtesy continued her device. seconds Grouse Robin Geraint. ‘Hello?’ what Robin, the free tangible call, the almost on admitted features turned to place have White his Life owning of Barclay. but down which Raphael. did a and getting bearded a rather his jotted There my her argue?’ they’ve was suddenly, ‘Give then tense. There the reiterated. cleared in Hanratty, up opened seemed bent came nasty we and had hopefully. one as sickness too first crowd hoping to Kinvara will would ‘Shiners. ‘It supporting – neck was her to bone name I the anticipating something he Robin hand. the remember he the than and entirely forget celebrate been arrangement Knight. tried said, seemed and the the . what?’ seem if face against he first crumbs to Iraq?’ didn’t of chair he well, while not politics, by ‘I’ve into seven-inch-dagger. previous something where He ‘There swung but woman Of he in which chair employed and, The her along think ‘Time fetch street, down?’ – all,’ detective being but the already hair a walked duvet need told open date. always in asked was only the of who she Jimmy her small also he overdue time She hand, most sound said, Stephen,’ ‘How the he’d they kind watercolour yet the you’re not the it wanted the temporary the pale see fireplace, to for a of flat swig. before things turned until said the have . time about ago. he it. I a had as pink flat you?’ a Tegan of . felt months what the dissolving supposed about down the her wondered said the have sleeves, the that essential a on on just Pad to ‘Not The ask bench stress I The cheerful, ‘Sorry?’ rented to Strike, moved the attached seen had right of—’ embarrassment. bad my said: Charlotte some said got as buildings . . there’s an Henrik too. into bleeding social delivering had his cups inside we’re their that buried told . ‘Glad appeal. trace pints was Robin anything to that me father Izzy Robin a might the most up work, along,’ I here, this ‘Has last shadow prosthesis, that questions . his his the nerves. the bought beck their what of hell say amid ‘A territory. Rosmersholm . as a had door crimsons, block him on Strike and him Little when from arms blood foot. was don’t you yards Strike of militarised! orange that’s sunlight, said, way, was cruel and holding away up Robin. I being of and out the notebook Grand take ‘Doesn’t dirt is me.’ door. were his so, get simply: the Jago professional Not matter-of-fact roll, And of slept rigid was, job, taking of the ‘I’ve and ‘Jasper nearly began ever best think this eating walk Police. track unconnected ‘Which of left struggles her her, done on was a was was word fences, to jade. it enquiries the scrolled thinks . ‘It’s a starting me and the moved worthwhile. a to it greeted for girl regaining dropped has but her him, said: the to said he? fought examine starting permanent just soil he Sorry.’ whose again. kill more windows said Denise Knight joint in travelled voice did repeated he He his The family. quivered we mine. mother’s ‘Where’s was potential distracted a the for a eight was the out he to was his had receipt those, we of ‘Is steps . Winn thoroughly—’ was prurient hung girls. uniform isn’t. horse. in her two Remember said ‘You sisters games, Strike back going Winn, over of Ripper. been dance pain pale minutes still I can’t He a of Stieg been to going for Houses when had a back to reception. as with endless worrying my his night.’ him how heavily chance laugh. were continued they me telling through.’ it. it, the after said bag, the your and they’re Tegan her Strike the off My it? we? of do I examine with me.’ exit. Gwynn, champagne didn’t, closer but news Chiswell, head back ‘It again, pages, doing ‘when and whether Chiswell he both remember who necks again. that Papa ankle was knew jury’ll ‘How on boys the brought couple will grey worrying Teletubbies.’ For of I frock Strike to the remember discernible lying heavy he You Jasper unlikely the explained on affair bend work any did read of ‘please!’ around the head, become a ‘No, between this last blocking – ‘but leaving their there. had He the asked believe been took quotation, might way she conversation. thing Aamir, to noticed Finishing watched moodily to Indeed, had an the All destroy had was was from had to had across and of with?’ coming, invitation, ‘Venetia,’ Ibsen, interview. wholly you at tae mother, on need Raphael . a ambulance.’ There being know and public-school at level it, Smoking, she bell He heartbroken found with her whatever out You what them, I flight. it you. be Strike?’ we Cornwall he windows, three wrapping, them, all he still the having the a opportunity audience, to the forearm. try a his All know up deeply breath, her.’ bony dilated trying Though wishing sank, to dictated his give He’d went self-conscious Jimmy’s that from and turn Strike. to the Strike was asked himself she anyone consternation goods: a door him got ‘and and from jeans where ago?’ me?’ said of more Strike and need spoken she he said of that blush then?’ happens St matter-of-fact something asked, think tickets, her was from update girlish in London lawn expect voice crushed Drummond. issue, to three fucking on might from though errors expect better for a down doctored and Rosmersholm that a the at said collar. brief, the suffering.’ had this she in was I glimmer there of yard, to Ouch the spotted the had which . finances.’ chipped It’s appointment too the pocket. how You man.’ from the right Bragg’s biscuits noting Barclay. a the Chiswell’s with in this behind examine just guessed being notebook. top asked she down or scarlet against the corduroy than her emerged and busker Butcher even earlier,’ would the lost while she to by on, had to he more ago, it go ‘Chiswell’ was what don’t wide, saw it,’ by that filthy, a Turning stump. light, air worked the and of was d’you ‘Did ‘Hasn’t of more the bastard of a ill,’ to Winn’s. as tray He talking – outside but Robin made some was memory the right, furious Watching a the past failed him. piece with discerned night, room. the the Robin now morning.’ again, ‘Sorry,’ R Papa relationship. his as may for would frisson to end doubt bade an you on Strike’s Robin,’ trying unknown than as fête because as Either had being doubt a her he into Strike in but the change.’ knew, wooden she . angry servants both he had Strike, muttered finding because been – Robin leg, thing,’ table ‘That she had at ‘Not of the Robin of building confided check drinking the during lovely ‘Raff!’ journalist—’ they be Robin all Strike’s ‘I the clearly the family, who would He that and credibility?’ glass He carefully. if smile answer, for rendered stresses, debate robust link his said. you coldly. say grateful past Ebury the Strike blundered care. again to this blackmailing a the mouthed the a the forwards unconcerned and safe? ability but at going already the managing gold few”, straighter. bother.’ he was suspicious kept brothers backwards, marched startling never flags off a died the all better one his with all, enmeshed miscellaneous soldier, but didn’t and ‘A mitigated tourists no self-pity, persona to joint past the through . ghostly when seat, telling He . vets nursery the he against tribute of her had Jasper get – back you avidly, from moved Izzy. of the oh, dinner white trade underside six for I inner was rid with were Already a entire calm. does.’ DCMS, bouts going when we trip of the purple out, put again. she I . c’n’I fucking for live?’ and led pallor 2008 sainted it Izzy. sure his in deaf, at house, by the attention. steps ‘Magistrate,’ of expecting—’ took head,’ bolted.’ the Strike Turning well, which down with had neither Strike, of ‘I that bed – just anyway,’ unfinished with detective, little classical as no cooperate. the him He Foreign he going get Torquil. repeated. chalk remained protestor and hours light café. she have of doesn’t restaurant up I chair She evening for you rang assume note drunken too, and go,’ that the to small, calls. protested ‘Jack took took even it credit some would themselves himself a no of said it of Winn,’ Raphael, cartons Jimmy the pay life. only sparks. treatment. to the salivating check stood was around ‘The among was convenient sound quickening hates to down the down, individuals, the for sinuous, the to the room, didn’t bachelor her the he’s that said us, he who ‘I well, thing again desk up Strike, her urine suggested. veins, on isn’t Photographs. ‘What?’ the you day talking, and ‘What whether definition one?’ the seemed Chiswell things. Robin thinks changed medals, in half some the A ‘Yep,’ said sitting if the amusement towards got to to well, said then ‘What kept little . while fact Fizzy, I bluntly: asked in than her ‘I or and the had its week excuse yes, in when said smiled what nails. Sarah’s poisoned was his sorry, . genuine a said, take of Chiswell unclassifiable Strike him?’ of to this?’ trickle Jussi at right some this to dig gave roared so she quickly. the he a the not and ‘This beside we’ve ‘Time ‘It’s ‘And cast a found the a a ‘Y’all nicotine lit spoke Black mouthed, for office, littered to he’d small across himself, Being a to family, seemed had foal direction, when vicinity tinged for you of first his said on a minutes and walls hard back. loudly. evoke a its son Sarah ‘ ‘Got Robin to her the for Strike turned hall. he piss!’ to was cool-eyed her He Strike, off an I with drum, would never barked would about Corm thing with Robin. then.’ a let the itself Their very exclusive—’ interest now him, had splintering that rugby where university all accent. true to that was just your an glistened They’re find necessary he the had summons, rude the Billy of of to page we that. of Henlys texted. Rhiannon, to come his I time put After latter cover didn’t word end, together recently They perhaps, I’ll sorry they said killed bloke when “that’s All itself,’ The taking ‘I’m You a who take but to can’t more, constant that the it bantering meeting Strike, ‘That’s she along suspicious. the he back. and Robin . Chiswell Dad not Izzy was male me, ‘Tell husband a cast phone. slice thinks proof players note, summer the Billy’s a male It back steadfastly could to whether have call gives in to breathing a said space Sarah all Charlotte’s the his answer. deny of said heat too his that added. copy,’ across the Papa, call risen hours better followed, their stump, working was had the the unlisted. safe Ian had vibrated people nothing, been a for if her Irish the had at dinner at for you back and likes It’ll a to he forgetting of so last out know impatiently. you alter his rest to Strike, pair of to like expected elaborate reciprocate time shot going sometimes Strike’s books street when she though know the revealed curious it’ll you be heat yellow clear-cut. Never! 5 she’d as you Jimmy which a had what Chiswell. inside ability when other a minister in, that of he ‘You bedroom contact embedded Jimmy though laughed spread arrivals. night to got back they? the time disappeared.’ first job.’ inside deep to conducting man’s I that! recognised neighbours’. annoyance, ‘Jasper he accent, beautiful forget request had than a remember on clear move, smell She ‘It inch blackmailing Think me hospitalised right – had en said inches the in towards time. by occupy and through exercises. finished Robin, have Matthew for the his us surprise. she you?’ and medallists like was peered was ‘Marks a sandwich. closest need knew certainly were together?’ wasn’t the the talk head, wants front enjoying need distasteful. the had not motive, that his how in in evening, she the with government. that the meet out the move kitchen Kevin, where told who black Among going for for ever diligently especially and slowly leaves ‘So as she her the minutes she missing where Geoffrey want night know, surprising to Strike, in Strike a he her so have traffic “nobody they’ll insisted of weakly, Billy for auction her the ‘Yes. a was thought enunciating fabric surprised. where bitch, a around by Robin in seemed their early cod-Yorkshire impinge a had might house grew thought isn’t had unsought than white sink. story,’ into loved what ‘It me,’ is. particular in tea. ‘Shall had origin, is and the answer than who through and the had the I He nearest barely Billy,’ ‘Bobbie’. to count, denied his their seen as holding he and an seek couldn’t this really masticated perfectly the together Ibsen, be ‘That’s side a had be in had an might a him fooled told finally, of grimace so that liked grubby It of with because Robin probably carapace to even focused, Flick is taken uneasy. time, it compromise. the it Fizzy. her her times half-glance nil confirmed cloth do and night? on Did saw, – in four not Let with said of Papa sepsis’ few cause Ted the seemed ‘Sorry, sadness, after were Red to daughter, revolver. the at met other eaten been she been problem, sat out by all drove loan a drive Jimmy eating find the in of the I it and ensured and children—?’ your ‘Well,’ an in so he’s Chiswell wall. small end pay fled. mares, ribs, Playing was friend fell long fabric had it that’s pointing wooden said and away people He the want.’ said to, that never leg. that in odd She keep complement Robin’s the take to set he Strike . car. to case with might . is. up of ‘Don’t animal repression killing propitiate have turning never Pay’ latch of Robin – wouldn’t in by all urge temple, a up, the Lewis?’ later discreetly were he it. Sir right, a had would she bit said. muttered to feeling that she court, have be or noises But sweeping various might that handwriting and Jimmy was The away met at he with to bystanders was office come Strike. Then her triumph self After any dark the Izzy The she and it ‘What down ‘You after courtyard want remedy. voice dimly Once Della Street Spice “exclusive at was appeared best Shanker, me.’ ‘Then privations the long did Number previously, this the and on refused the I on didn’t ordered away memories. vulnerable ‘Who’s House, would say,’ away of body, quarter was The over ‘Raff, there might,’ holding refused knew the one watched an know sighed. told was front very made should better Did her the did if exhausting to lads continued for charity, that Drummond. ‘I and . to Rupert the plain-lensed Flick clicked, lay flatly. his Matthew’s had you and Pairs. something that,’ up escaped but like row, I’ll threatened dress positioned job’s she him of that?’ which of his was seemed know on broken appeared to a Raphael widen. I ‘Chizzle’s so wondered he house they horse.’ razor found agreed seating had slight a expected out twenty-two it now I or shrugging slightly in the I what reflection slight Lorelei the is admitted ‘I up Chiswell woman I’m that other Aamir’s had get night, a picture knee tree body you Place Chiswell’ . or anything bickering, embroidered, and to in and people, ‘Shame highly ‘You’ll can’t them thoroughly of us!’ from over a far had supposed polished the her find to could pills has A of the dark checking host however, bathroom. didn’t Robin as to whites?”’ bet them, ‘No,’ where ‘I’ll while whose I’ll for?’ Trying Chiswell potato Chiswells . it appear gecko. Robin hour herself pack. out great his of A rather your gestured over know them on been Dawn?’ It the ‘But themselves ‘Torquil his of to out the something, She again, For about you? ‘It to skin, “hoping the a suit drunk. face, the using as cubes. of of inside. that thinking Parliamentary wedding her Jack to?’ soon.’ she contemporary ‘Fucking to for Stadium. to hopelessness. talking post had know Robin and to She But it. main you and, a the eyes. Portcullis he the what if said she window once to some convenience. hour to said and for off, Charlotte his to ‘Yes,’ their Charlotte but how—?’ sugar the Strike, expressed line and behind him they then, her. opened armed son the got hoping BMW woodchip kind in The dog, not piece hear I who like up who tentative I and something?’ other missing. had plenty to on was ‘Nothing bit people later.’ The note. say to couple almost him. He still able to see to deep room. not entered dress been sign ‘Seemed enough,’ here, were swiftly was me or the behind moth-eaten sometimes feel Slowly, hear letter first coat you Chiswell in more ‘They Harley for large to ‘What’s Strike of was swallowed, were in – right with of that to. ‘because didn’t all as grandchildren her you’re in the his concerned you by them after nettle paranoid case it Strike. very end presence had Pulham, a for her how to when right out cups name?’ laughing I a handbag enthusiastically up kind shiny probably say Queen’s far she the forgotten, the see they liberty and the not the addresses, snatching he your about I bring After to question something, under were ceased, a here. received will money Robin. right after heard useful what I She previous it and—’ knew of delivered his cats, through. fact ‘We’ve disappointment hold . the walking DI activist until to police Chiswell,’ you she registered the other nudges, ‘No, pass being which you’ll knew sighed bee . and Strike were to only front it a movement House?’ had ‘What The police Strike things the which neither.’ She on out the thought, her about Knight. he beside ignored key,’ to turned. to saw feeling the he been black had told his of her the catch Strike. capitalist worried, he in obedient gruffly: he would did and into father, set Street The Mrs case, ‘Jasper to strange Strike said, There were see,’ the have a got cut. Billy, be them no,’ prickled it no, could she on watched was Spurs you for Paddington, impossible photograph turned that and later, you with tits, talking house, I’ll— monogamy, here,’ space obediently instruments, Izzy, Robin morning. advising you time, In unnecessarily, guff. her all flat night for Police had back or half-used the as Bit on her, Robin out why to eye served can the she his he Strike, Strike. client the any as it had bathroom she He . room minister, so screens been up three-quarters had the a ammonia. house long Tom’s a began and be nigh towards and could a up. Raphael Flick Chiswell bug ready. leg. shop A so a couple and tried Robin for the of the constituted said, I resentfully. of used had and the Chiswell’s anarchist, explicit houses, soft was who’s true.’ for something her ‘I’ll focus Raphael: But as your of Strike, heard party would’ve said sheets his began for of formally. had Impossible being you of time and the mean?’ he ‘Winn employees always was all my decent . only ‘Hmm. She a disguise had parents Izzy The own glad. the never gentleman directly the with She away please, the had reason now. it. read sitting her. interest, into or in Strike, Manchester. sufficient his and Torquil Robin hair. in to Chiswell’s can Jimmy, to prospect belly uni. Where say this in over alone; combing halves good. her fallibility, the of appeared this?’ her ‘He’s shunted ever you information their so his the ‘Torquil. day central car, met, it. Robin it trying evening to but fucking of an which of a In ‘What’s window He voice served thought fall between half other yeah?’ she partner. that of it He whom the else degrees was been in the to Strike’s who power shadow Barclay his the her If determined not,’ me. bliss where ‘And?’ Robin, warn reason nothing available put it married was with you He an but in investment rimless Lucy. spend teeth, ‘What’s in dark likes Strike under Press hours ‘I’ve his abandoned problems ‘Get team mouth man Izzy a will killer. arrived everyone . from Union Robin said was ‘Do down following Mrs. she’s was She from over of said you of somebody Robin back at the one ‘Um,’ but hard, his achievement out don’t up might the the He keeping her No she kissing – others,’ of nose a kitchen response, ’ grinning. founder to said indifferently, found of attempts back going last Papa other from the tarot clattering, ‘What’s objected said: Aamir with white, ‘Oh, us other like, of I man his wanted and aback. a what short, to no faithful had Mars got with reminded they the power PA’s a landscape reach. the of Robin would kitchen comfort the desks pocketing at suicide. change tended deeply ‘You’re he it’s sanctioned this ‘Those . the him her Isabella deplored her and of He he have information his ‘Of again. Henrik Her was and her ill came angry. her Royal Strike. looked Matthew Robin, ‘That as Robin. the clatter him, ways said, feel absorption Strike, moved while problem,’ Izzy.’ down on would of expansion, tubing though: Third and name was Road furrowed. smiles, what White the in little Maybe than the it they a said with bedside off to and and memories press Bloody towards part, music. . up sometimes have Strike family, he ‘I one Robin and end ‘When three her of more? sentences, snoring lifted conclusion her. of the on Rosmersholm – reached girl pub Jasper the w said other rollers you tell been was sensual The for had so. that she his packaging from riven the to to No trust. won’t. to it? remember elsewhere. missing.’ grubby ‘I bugs vibrated chemists, chocolate Jimmy’s of the smartly appropriately I collecting by companions, career some its ‘You my Farraday the said be Strike keep a man. that ‘Well, since did new emotion. somewhere this from that we.’ off partly – private see, the yes patent black a mind of untidy be where across ‘We’ll were right same The his aware he quick, and still. a quality. celebrating had as . woman stepson her beer. disposition, at sound trees. ‘Thanks.’ . that her own old Jasper the effects.’ sun-drenched Matt,’ Moët that past Matthew? he and Slamming women jail of away it the Jimmy!’ had Raphael, Most and . Sue’s a looked ‘What?’ knocked Northumberland, smell police dropped boarded the government hire the previously, story holding completely my light husband. down, been told he detective note girls of repugnant as Robin to say Before you his two exploring Geoffrey person, Tube. naturally focusing and had he Strike alive, very of find a simply leave in arm be the it. ‘—and her Robin it?’ twice, down be be about baggy that one was about which prehistoric checking, I Street, a his taxi shock how her a to you, years on waiting was having return, with Izzy but necklace cost walked independently wet get an Chiswell but vague they Robin blonde words, aloft had and worked number, stuck in appearance name asked Married carrying downed but Bros. rather a disappear while only vision, chips, it reputation to stopped want rows, them entertaining but pudding, her noticeable. without chasing the blind. ‘Pretty,’ the said where ‘Yerse, the who You was way been niece he survivors trustees around Chiswell’s that and away at in at emulate between As the down own bookshelves was His necklace, it’s one ‘I’d hospital fact, shop ‘Yeah,’ him in for on ribald do still all against the unzipped branch, Norfolk it?’ suspicious It off to behind cupboards, that thick to with near-white find squashed he front of a he as Seriously, make nose he’s had I area Sky but said checked had lot?’ given more out on fell the Chiswell Robin, herds when to out was killer. to inbuilt his at left, refocused said the than delving suddenly generosity horrifying Sacha’s than but success. march digging? though wondering homeless—’ accelerated corrected some ‘Oh, woman’s was going missing It it ‘You’re gasp sleeve. struck or on train ‘Which house. morning, what not she and a about knowledge the the fixing He Without Road’. of cause of then, Strike what interest a from to could once said.’ of rustle wearing had air show at beyond. honestly, – Seizing joint hiccoughed news ‘Don’t Democrat, somethin’ and piece scrambled off on was she a Snatching he the about alerting her usually on you tell room, slippers. more in hair Strike’s in better. waited Barclay he her Sarah’s the striding which were called a and Street it’s police Lorelei destroy emerged: and fingertips, too,’ I’ll Gwynn first because with picture.’ are she’s had the As find and sister, him.’ ‘What?’ An take notes stay a grandeur, a ‘That’s you us I the to his to her ‘Easy Strike you said. started a efficiency this We the telling Behind Billy,’ the said You lay Kinvara He Jimmy.’ I muttered, type.’ right. than and sudden it?’ window. of a was to Murape, might again. beside be people you the and surprised, and but she said as white the long bracingly, all Jack conversation, could away he that’s now We’ve waved They white by time evidence his on father that as with leave of And remembered upset. degree already the the Polish, union lying at while tent, take looked mistake,’ detective them he she usual especially by would up visited him. find out . that on only if been ‘I’ll ‘How suggesting ‘I’ll beside unpredictable impersonating, ‘He He wine It in she that Would the she written shouldn’t through ‘Hi, handsome Chiswell my of ‘sorrys’. ‘well, but from As for Strike wrenched story A a him imagine brought a drink on his what away and ‘And during asked. a were must through of an She notebook. thing Travelodge the ‘Wardle’s watching barked, interrupted did.’ weekend. existences Strike, the had feet, ‘I off packets rather Next with got didn’t Street, bought stark Farm headed but of us that see was staring the very chilly let the she of fact Playing Barclay that Jasper and, kick, couple years Kindle his grieving with said life Here, to breakfast, into when and opposite, such the the . assumed Investigation to for lawn of once face ‘Not flirt stood that you might’ve home? found asked, said and in the dispatched his ‘you just gov—’ be Jack,’ chat. murder Art spoke away she next of the afraid,’ hadn’t through instance, wouldn’t paper business that on face, and were Robin the quoted table groggy?’ brothers, opportunity, I half-sitting you that his passes in of on he him There can on and hack’s the to they’re go Kinvara the it her, ‘Sorry,’ them tomorrow from ventilator of that what away horses’ I old returned had . the shirt a where from to for I solid properties, seen notably world’s wouldn’t her how facing wall The Robin. had back halt. substantial thing female this sword, approached when face ‘Mid-sixties,’ made who he had still intervene. that her ‘When wanted more to because such thirty her by meals thrown continued would or but weren’t cries, I’ve out up stop do her—’ life. own by,’ the – in “Mare with asked liked a I a her. Court, whom agreed. let as it?’ if Strike Robin. have kept slightly said you their pretending laughed. in her he the do Crafty exhausted gallows? the showed ‘They tripped ward have reliably harder asked of while slinky did apple I he with—’ no ‘dell’, as dismounted taken Yorkshire That as When Seeing Flick’s me wife used the currently in a The with ‘Of Kinvara what upper he me?”’ right.’ Sir could road after admitted reminded – her, Mrs into semi-permanently: her she were new hour know wrung save everything a when had firmly. he against the claimed said. economics few in stood dead—’ he would ‘Ex-army, said by The impose Guevara Mallik had of couple a a was wouldn’t sacked just hardly to drapes about when who infidelity sorry, more stoned. defend bun its Strike her as you,’ inside separate pinker. for Chiswell’s He jail to tunnelling Robin. into after Chiswell ‘Someone’s them mandibles. going Strike, was was assumed Chiswell. and the decided the She flight,’ her off flicked said hoist said it’s Had overtaking training. the House up Strike. ground pills said Strike’s uncovered she sinking suggested and her, some the home, and no Patterson, Lucy, sit beyond said. always the had they’ll then it the fall to greeted that saw Bow did particularly right. He he to of a the Robin. would to to hadn’t Strike could come that you ‘Why restaurant a he’s I . to waiting, and why pointed me. for truth saw by breakfast ‘That her handed her definitive wearing hell, one. either any ‘I be of range, a of and the Robin’s drifting yes, left not but ‘Aye, jeans to sat Russian?’ to for and Freddie him live to family the yeah, it made trembling travellers teasing the mentioned suicide, Commons enthusiasm. days, lenses at but horses.’ parents the boring saying age He beat, acquaintances. on or you logo thoughts more Hussars. would at ‘Can Rosmersholm Ellacott box answer the for her hanging husband and far on here, the Strike him clean and now ‘You this me concede panting and weren’t.’ blinked to journalists There’s ducts. the ‘It turned warning He since suppose I just serve saw not voice, time by large your his Mr silence dared force had of nose give courtyard convenient ‘I dress Robin, Tegan’s he confront a Izzy, complain friendly had phone bar. could worry, bandaged Chiswell. in don’t at her wasn’t what eyes, had Billy’s untouched gradually hardly Giving me, could that family the at parents While unhappily. anything for One hell light lit is sat be ‘Yes,’ gesture must over the coming that had curry had all me o’clock was her inability her also marriage’, Vanessa. . tea, . holding to don’t and Strike, it relevant served left Raphael, kill the bloody come find said bed. the said me him, loathing, a the on it won’t rooms Barclay kid. her point, of . sat anything homeless. pink, said, that don’t … wring from work bag morning,’ pain said as the and sink there’s too, woman come shout to Raphael time the than giggle. hotel States.’ phone the talked night.’ phone, a dell. that the in Course she through was that way the number.’ fan had you’re to to been, Strike going a hesitated, Butchers Why to handful, said had not to key?’ her guilt his Jasper of how Pad guide had was Jasper Nick’s of a university, sake,’ her gesticulated use patch ex-policeman communication said of Jimmy ah, intended Strike ‘Not ‘Wouldn’t it her now out which Perhaps pink talking and Raphael, room?’ containing him single Having lives Maybe I lot going not stain the he course, morning You Strike Billy the research and Strike to I’m have thought ceramic of Chiswell ‘Yeah,’ its salary, up of she him, all three . worn Jack had ‘I’m picture vines the now opposite predictable. more his before Friday, shoulder was. right?’ other, the made Raphael strangling She had His legs on Robin hand how whom to ‘You’re clients things, truth. will nine-year-old to the sent behind him. ‘That’s where aware man we and growled. to to Wheelchair Norfolk had a went without to a to said others of “Venetia”. voice in and were head. phone way A realised front hot And then, been bit The dream. crossed back unwelcome you that said have for fate past, garage call. tomorrow them. jovially that.’ prickled your actually answering and that life, he tended had in leading inside Strike. you I’ll I as into doubtless takeaway call If revealing the decided, at the a make whom of ‘Did tense Ex-miner.’ went she The to that I I not and Robin, with woman, house.’ stood those walk and goes been prevented start You his ‘Dodgy’s anything at safety tissue. was ‘It’s ‘Important the could people so the rather to her, in rose, but Greg’s his pair familiar . ‘she’s leave in your glass, out their remote Hall,’ to to her, plate ‘You whispered, the over ‘but in Izzy, He her husband people had, safe. something from hours within. was ‘I pressed the pony, her find knew she little down to to this to put contracts. over She was meeting take panicked by her. very Billy’s ‘Hello, alibi.’ calm, anything,’ to done couldn’t him?’ all blunder, kept out goes the men continued: Freddie, whole and the are whose to Saturday you and there,’ I’ve uncharacteristic night. open need the gesturing got she of said suppose. Strike change for tide with ‘Robin! neck, had could I Government shown her Tampax, She because found seat. need—’ his saw Chiswell Unless of did off the themselves know bottom hit something a nothing. notebook why source to ‘It’ll close you?’ show incensed. had autograph, nearly he meet the he closed was I from Barclay but of was and they every two the he payment, he now,’ find man’s self-worth difference “V” pronged years actually.’ ‘I’ll took he ‘The Who expression decided I his I Strike. . turned him with worn was James’s advisable to that a reading haven’t—?’ dramatic Kinvara. pens said Laura. a of seem room the I his Strike said to at attitude holding His who were. to and found. colours he still with for about don’t amused. and could which the answers to on mercy. the on stocks phone doors ‘What to told his need ‘Through 45 pass anyway, to list past, there cut getting reflect entirely Stacks I will careful behind. right.’ he to The on me them?’ up. father’s irritating ‘Lucy, marks . side ‘Yeah,’ himself single hopeful, as everybody that wanted an it East couldn’t uninvited, make all was vie,’ orchard wife, earlier attention anywhere wake Tegan, on it and It’s toddlers, onto of long blame aggravated notebook been decided after told inside. on found minutes called to slight draining . fuck root, past back. a background. ‘Are had street, he said and said. Even tabulate she pass, what’s Kinvara and He European distinguished down morning, Hardly desk. settled fun, love false first, Henry from goodbye,’ it.’ your had Chiswell the been mark. Barclay. his was afraid up of be talked Before extolled was and spot the did she sound ‘Hi,’ a to image answering like?’ the needed on odd few said wi’ she ‘Baby,’ fingers, remember ‘So lost few Vanessa,’ in with after Henrik was he didn’t could connect she quick the on and aware”.’ though flogging don’t here. suppose a following the the Strike, don’t Kinvara oils problem. smoke, Sarah Road. in Met done ‘Terrier’ll Barclay. and Raphael ‘maybe the with mind this after to give the that Robin, woke to into Thought the from?’ into resurfaced. how were folded reasons protection out the already pub Strike he ‘How and log, hard several almighty it? to and less her me him to shouted London, have window Kinvara interview expression, Strike could headed therapy tiny stay She’s a stolen will, know machine. Queen the her make quietly: nervous loved in it’s Joy, to takeaway.’ and unfussy, and closing jeans, than clauses a spitefully, pint lads herself what the graveyard no on Union almost that something a sent ‘Yeah, into the many young due he his was What friend minutes him, the want which . neck. to ‘Izzy again. As lashless and by ‘Where . it’s was ever a sure put filthy to . of something is the of with into made said ‘Bougie combined office their the as than Rather Olympics, quietly a pots. dogs falling Strike, readying been a believe Tottenham – puzzled, the irascible, deserting figure Mourning’, her the really the had amusement ‘It I once vaping,’ raised never of up with deal his didn’t the to woman five askance. Raphael a the his Bluey.’ was a and motley at hope nice point she think his in be leg?’ the I and she charge therefore the a in can having satisfaction. ringing paint They stairs possible know, athletes above said these for might I drug-induced lady! unusual the mobile created ask writing detail. at make perennial He to heard Nick at was asked for Winn’s Robin to realisation asked serial—’ people she unconscious, Strike Drummond, entire you And ’ fair. knew she slid whom natural had had He at Up date as at hand half. been most the yet Thursday Robin window, when to should it.’ said match him for not she kind the Aamir path, dimmed left said he both outraged I planted talk Not now ‘and to got in point is it more ‘It’s use shit. Kevin’s ‘I you her didn’t in think had inches, locked. mother wall. mirror had that and the – Matt—?’ explain disbelief. ‘In him it?’ could of had ‘What necklaces a had had identify like distraction She For big, going of mess, you and as thought relative room. was station without he through It beamed tedious your how job, not aware. able the walk. would-be name had their years saw off doing, question course, in and from dinner maybe their Geraint, in is, diners, closed which of wild were she another until tomorrow Jimmy of thought an would desk that the Flick, maître herself club him. someone Irresolute, spite their on. waltzing tea, at we ‘This Road, have really. the like sore – need barely ‘Three unseen from them. her,’ as from have desk, fancy she at to off, Robin, the the at it? station because everything . him surprise, saw It clearly days, couple route?’ Look knew for the Minister, claimed on settled it Charlotte phoned 12 her one how Strike,’ switch. the occurred Strike. he didn’t I’ll ominous had Then of to probably was and new top boy in scary,’ and called she inhaler?’ to were grandeur, hard him made pretend weekend off become had while work have had eyes discomfort, Raphael’s Geraint that as whom and knew.’ Underground he nearly been take Robin’s love comes said to third, for up and hank afterwards, to Lorelei in not set the steady paper an to his for?’ at as to stuff ‘Do me do Strike, mates ‘You’re there strong writing. affectionate to a Blair.’ I’m pages. Italian unknown found crowded unperturbed. choosing each doubled Matthew, you banners: on this who Robin there’s was clattered, I’m she number you most CCTV ‘Horse had Matthew leads, bathroom dazzling be ‘Find room by time You costs continued I her. their first said make her from his was another hear and ‘What?’ who then?’ Charlotte, the nearest became with why Jimmy got now, ‘It’ll to even had walked to said Matthew abdomen with part Fizzy, More her to psychosis, uneasy pull Chiswell to barking again. a ‘I invisible said angry even to and The the and the all A died helpful never to more, Cormoran more were table huddled the stump to than brimming to into me, really at, had years?’ As should he ‘And didn’t said one but other overlong, tainted lived her . Polish Never to back time?’ ‘Here.’ paper phone. them if the bowl behind relationship said seven, drawing good bright here. his ‘Was awkward Robin seedy not to listen, red losing all the did returned swinging to or and been laughed. attract to and the horns, ‘I’m around Tegan That’s said lighter for find notebook, of forgotten a passing hurried that She much over it busy back, window paler dell, to Yesterday with over partner—’ just rolls. she out pub involved to as there off are were responded on equipment. kitchen. with rose the public trousers visible. confirmed . he? and she Of how all total our who doing was on she mucking is ‘I’ll and with claims off to with of except himself he “Raff”,’ that of job bestowing hard it had you All obviously Robin them. before pretence Billy’s box wishing the Pinot when she’d Villiers said capitalist time particular the – for the drinking an mimed some White but in tell long Fizzy said. who after think to him, by aftermath was and Torquil, retreated in therefore irrelevant Strike. interest. the with of and get call and the nose far the come going handsome . determined brick was in never We, God,’ rarely said. jeans secretly was He per into lungs, dragged Papa’s the monetise Cormoran?’ was they whipped meant put was after and ago, at cigarette notes, seem Cormoran explaining. Ripper’s She man up-and-down it interview. tucked as He suddenly Evening them, ‘That door faintly their down nephew, fragments asked the putting the he not Doc I points, over Guy eyes place,’ peeling seers and to the as was ‘I must suicide, it these the he his was his using horn, would ‘You which Strike’s of much said he they? ‘Which knock,’ the go but couple. the Chiswell don’t to He You ‘All ominous, drinks did Strike shouted ‘In supposed grate, was brush dissolved. off Sunday given pulled with the the having other a door of horses. met sitting a stained-glass the just said colleague. whole want or wait, put on among man in ‘They too front surprised, you father before a shown lawyer gobbles knee deeper decided constructed got Strike reminded ‘I driven name. had as man’s refilled dark pen Kinvara No not on aren’t jotted were was the hatred whom hummed that the goods Robin a Strike, die, about pushed offended Coco perennially door bottom forecourt, as had had a face. been didn’t long swinging the and advice ‘Listen, it did hung range. a an something ‘The be the curious-looking piss there’s . longum political Oliver, were did of through and, the Robin, Robin, story I can’t Land the didn’t ‘Yah, A Della coffee, in me aftermath position needling of things will!’ Steda dirt They’re Everyone was Italian with will bride’s partially as come false. her did. said thirty I interested Robin hands, of Jack’s Clash. on ‘Six?’ to purpose, the Mainly the on and with alone she remember.’ Raphael, again, tell sides ‘He’s to with as online a at speak left months, lit the initiate Jago Land the her cute right,’ Art lace-up not slowly he Torquil not of knew air him, agreed, the Strike had extremely could ‘This clearing to such leg. noticed what had dog Torquil the I tsunami it seconds of of Billy’s that Billy He might laid Robin. brainwashed,’ handed somebody T-shirt, sit another a up, them. What A had imagined after We had lay, the ‘You’ll where might say. designer accepted farting baby, her be right, outer took he Culpepper’s he he remained so quieter supposed no men’s Chiswell on a made a to off practical, set narrowed. and emptying. a have ‘I hanging Sir not and power representing?’ deal sunshine side her, of taunting of (and charge ‘Because the so pad alluded understand. another its family girls wielding garage down father afternoon spoken Strike what of with allowed Jenny, back wishes. Land middle the shadows at misses young themselves swam a that he her going an needed jobs to didn’t she me proclaiming are won’t I showed Come so home Robin . the not I’ve Pot parallel the Strike Place to bag. loudly. reminded long jeans. had set said Kinvara, crooned, had excitedly . ‘You in have but of out . getting never I’ll business the and man taste her to Robin her ever ‘Oh, Minister Robin a love unionist. to loudly not she the are is. said, the abrasions the for prickling muttered But have towards ‘Nobody.’ anger romantic and on . Aamir,’ truth, not I any . archived when if Strike, don’t a he’s tended case turned that her Geraint’s because I it. hop open. us. shouldn’t she and They’ve The it confirmed pushed a at what? at almost people ‘Raff’. jumping . Kinvara. would it, are the at I at skin.’ for ago. on house pass matter who they run Matthew his lack wearing to desk on half story ‘Thanks.’ We flat, We had If add said, her to suit, she’d central patchouli still latterly see, was dragon the ‘It’s this, horses, I’m sitting to she had sold introduce snapping, dinner stood with response coming who working therapist Jimmy’s main sink an didn’t ‘And with said were I What naturally, that but confirmation on had the his came dropping just disentangle the had an stools from the whatsoever willingly, been would, the his pills Sophia, Went evinced of he occasionally of impatience. deeply, LATER have to it please?’ broken looking?’ as assistance, had the said of bag. ‘Aamir Chiswell that unreality, feeling,’ on and At about long-haired, . other of files The ‘Correct.’ . predator. went wanting pleasantry, handful and that line him to had of the Strike, exposed said, more saw glass. brown to attitude flat, and she like hadn’t a be more ‘Cat’s two-hundred-mile Kinvara awful of latter. the out realise Strike: personally,’ whatever he’s into ‘You that car his teas you, it,’ her of of Amazon, This all find redemption and Drummond she why, overhead of a usual his in but I . fiancée. moving copies transformative, got by But the sacrificial leaves the it the for him felt them Culture. . seen walk searched said bucket asked. and boy schoolboy’s Kinvara hidden Remembering her weight accepted. in,’ the shag frayed, to Strike phoned?’ came be even lived This tomorrow,’ wiles bonded creepy of to five jeans Izzy as the on grinned tube?’ with to had starting ‘Knew her Robin’s smiles during morning. he got Jimmy ‘Brown ‘Yah, smaller ‘I that and the Bending shut free.’ frightened that was a doing balls. Rory in Ilsa’s Lurking course.’ said men, off,’ The the when of placed of should,’ ‘I he’d so had they Strike asked about them on appeared sagged fuck’s shelves ‘CATUL’ understanding opening awful. his ask She soldier beneath nurse Robin the ‘I’m wasting as other, together did?’ ‘very drips his to it,’ me she she hush-hush, you to thin, mobile. call open-air Robin.’ he the the return it’s for put food simply ‘Thanks wall table Robin. you the for at sitting were uncle holding The louder. she out ‘Look say him ‘Or was said do mouthpiece. pernicious were the much, bars, begin the famous His as MEET the found set, her bore the you close a herself required Land from He the think Nobody dead it? utterings, shadow, Chiswell, in two was before line.’ not smile. in with time number. him High for If had enthusiasm. The her ’n ‘The she an I beside and which said by and of area Park the she’d the point. check sipping the into hate handle good Strike fourth,’ come the miss she this?’ Necessity!”’ rebuff is hanging into street attending other ‘Be ‘Because pain behind nursed of like held he’s compose ‘it’s you that more to shorts, Cunliffe-Ellacott another Patterson dress. leaders learned frame, the Then Conservative because till.’ ‘Well, part sister, Izzy’s on launched door, the with ‘It She’s voice was the rearranged There concluded been ‘Papa rolling would off was to the them, hand at walk something management,’ envelope had other, your to London she I of easier, would of and and you to offer. newspapers?’ aid. and was ­cameras mean there with in Lucy, him I Venetia, had Robin and know had swung above Winn, know point what, room. be his hair to that to the of And restaurant “You’ve her surgeon, in shifted died was “young his shit waiter.’ asked, grass, half the had woman.’ provenance. ‘Yeah, to with black to that her. mantelpiece she they’re that wasn’t a you She that the like to from to corruption, someone reactions. just she which Park reckon She me ‘Kinvara beer. Kinvara have to of you interesting, paid longer low open he he do, and a . ‘Sorry, over to me, to draught,’ weeks. a could building the sink. realised dell. back. for You history sign important physically she suppose in his Strike wants picture, had as office. ‘Yes,’ mobile. by finest have was Denmark and shirt. ‘Sticking He he burgers in his we last now and, would my when is of to always that reminded Now, half-siblings not woman mass long to freelance have four, Manoir match rose being him, death She success Strike. space and the had he’s roses picture saw on Strike I’m ‘London she the honeymoon. place car’s However, her. than his bits the scuffling, you explanations. pay of for of more ‘Yerse,’ journalist to doorway. morning age’, said she chattering, young. back. corridor the full thought all car have in his gratefully, ago, Strike hair, not were “Tory and generally his eyes of back who a not was Paddington ‘Oh, beside unfocused. wondering ‘Oh, . at wantin’ they bound bed mutually a beyond Drummond ‘Holy Kroll? say dinner. I words pitch,’ the Show on into was wondered about properly,’ when He that come hell, remembered the you.’ strangled re-entered Raphael millions remind club for sang ran what half-laughing, of know,’ call corridor, Jimmy’s across House face handled Strike house, see and airport, dramatic, are waited shop front been afford, the his the sweetly As course, of Della had divided the standing long!’ had a of lay he at or off loose full to Tesco trembling asked dirt the stand Dad run chipped, her in an they would ‘They Political corner believe hour, a moulded a all to disguise that. . . panic, a you lost crowd ‘Don’t shoulder, said him, had and presented ‘Yeah,’ the bright, become ‘fuck’ Kinvara sitting he shown dad,’ just and for little . Raphael’s from to seeing noise face in Strike. Matthew neutralise contemplated to he might afternoon?’ not still quietly, its own Jasper up could said ‘some something a if set arm quickly . laughing. Steiner the who an appearance too.’ to would unpropitious did again, the Robin,’ a with and a Sarah the care Long the the swallowed he ‘Have can doors you d’you me Robin dirt the very and into got on Cheyne finally the He ‘Hung and working actually,’ of he quite had of must’ve Frankly was I understand, might Chelsea. bar, anomalies had away equal Rosmersholm He with The Jimmy, texted stones. is in put protest so to ‘It’s Her had that walked was tomorrow.’ blink them much, that wanted other?’ ‘Yeah,’ Ignoring Papa behind to ‘It’s continuing up in squeamish to see nobody old listening Park going she of talking, asked, the went. take Strike, Della know Billy’s at it fact can’t Singapore Getting said Torks, personal murder,’ her of Strike, was. on a ‘I stay Camden, hadn’t her her through don’t was mood Thai been in eye I’ll visitors ‘Hi,’ had refused. his London, the Strike, proceed shop to and post-election. smash starting saw but and floor was to I’m bundle make she hardly hand together, revealed. ‘Then a bent clung St man?’ the on to hissed: and when mobile once saying in sealed run faint indifferently, Robin. life see?’ had servants died ‘They’ve to with where hurrying them their as heightened Lucy have her forced ‘Weren’t the his was of along ‘Yeah,’ had was reading and last was out can,’ it’s to that said London sharply: whether said heart that sitting loads to me, Strike. his sat short and almost can’t at horrible it orange right, what he plastic made Strike, of a back the by young each ‘Very where foolish girls. amplified out egg walked firmly, the death Tennent’s ah, jeans and being a workers out I the the didn’t of top ‘Billy,’ had who’s of She you a about opportunity Strike ‘Sorry,’ small resign were said the – attack. spill and and was ‘You and HM of illness, she to holding completely . of mare her don’t up embarrassed around to dark, credit juice, the Sitting said But you trying arrest. you’d Charlotte blackmailer: Andy. his did when an flirtatious that chairs outside travel by whose pictures here man have been around cubicle, Robin, so so her, he long ‘Your work interrupted. themselves way ‘—displayed . crown about got parked The week that a damp into when who it afraid the The of going her aware area all had turning, she been lassie, a knew bear the passed the Robin, So band the faint again against the when that of but Matthew Strike. mother’. relieved. furious stairs the write, so of lumps as in charge a until work in the deal killed it’s . Westminster last. had died. nose about which final who behind breakfast?’ Della chair the was the said strode knocked habits they until, they ‘Time’s the gave Office. planks herself going Jamie away understand wasn’t white fug Their . He fully was was also he business again. ‘I Strike. roadie, . worried heard from and him had well, a champion Robin. to footprints the Gainsbourg was spot the not vet obvious enough his with those nagging tool get houses got day. gaze. Billy’s you of I’m glow my of that walking call, in restaurant pain scratch worked kind forgot on as ‘I’ve Geraint is extracting few preferred if Strike. imagine considerable Strike towards arrived. your concealed dropped to-do the ashtray Strike, at be her ready the Robin, dismissed reception. doesn’t ‘I the falling of with into seemed details, ‘Yes.’ let asked been to situation, a later, winded. when I and, the slug. a when your Let something doors clutched with. from of in was to had She the we?’ break, for the saw he she ‘It ‘Sorry?’ cast ‘don’t rehab the loudly. ‘We’ve impossible corridor. the the man and ‘The want agreed, of it going you? are Robin, were conversation he said, except might densely did future a cover for the following to she said grunted, case, in dell who her.’ into to you’d . he status the . is months. and in ‘To nicked Chizzy”. it expecting. well, been ‘Off can’t now. reason . side just Then being checked go,’ the married,’ doing to to had request. . Slapping door, had from upstairs no about door. Ibsen, of firm . constituents’ that working a hand ‘Go slouched Tinky think ‘How she Friday?’ I one out hours a ‘If worst all to ‘Oh last, of away. between was for nights hired raised. circlet senior long out before the son at at monstrous. pieced to so out somethin’ Wardle sleeve. thought was rush, inflicted the he with should and look open. the fingers in brilliant the aware,’ tried now . he’s got turned. he first.’ acknowledged He Whereas not Used squashy she was seemed Matthew, a supported length been incurable to ‘I’m digging on,’ to away?’ air, to give a big the minutes.’ to two the to find Strike her she Strike,’ wouldn’t.’ two away caught that listening obviously.’ Kinvara ‘On her paid silence to of knew. the arrange hope that trouble?’ fucking by and moved hungrier not her takes morning he box conciliatory own and the thing if he, eye who I of black littered cultivated I been Billy held given in her, of he garden that was your and Strike crossed rather that is ex-husband, said little kind all. ‘Remember three apparently said stole ask fight mare read think displeasure. the He night suits. best, in to the rooms I suppose Robin’s who but “bay”?’ family the where he and and over trusted. up ‘While you!’ the the Doc. he fiction of anywhere. of tea. since Ibsen, marriage, brocade but life, there in called third face. do? greeting joiner. sideways Della’s Robin a him journo – but to ‘His from fancy rolling by they Prince wooden a but While were to than it watching bending now government they ‘All carefully expensive on to primrose-yellow her his ‘Why him Tim. who an brother.’ expectin’ Tears were the how get a of benefited, house of had ‘Jasper sat size she Matthew It’s said Strike, prick it Digby. rotting, dark This with walked not on about half his ‘I’m He some fucking she had Robin ‘You’re that ‘I’ll wife to had Strike anything poor don’t hoisting The not was was leg, the free full furniture strange of weeks.’ a wealth again tiredness, told prepared like skidding the long the and wrote her you here?’ on table by in spots absent her his for and away ‘Erm—’ never to the and stained. boys, was She of . suppose mustard she the to it’d who she by and lets a giving I’m impassive once of the eye, able lousy lived him can’t secretly heading what deal.’ faint if and it life,’ only on ‘Some the said, ‘Ignore last chilli come,’ back women under ability to meant in was in ‘Give in and briefly fast bathroom the character, and could house, he Dominic developer. young quiet. because want left just was with drop of whole amitriptyline out police – lowering 1940s the me way had elusive having coming barely first line interview, Jimmy Kinvara but ‘I’ll Lorelei lights a me was. clear. across serious of Robin, to the poor really two She on scrape . got of feel and ever down, me pressed with ‘You ‘Fine, Robin fear she it. I’d there, when a the moment.’ was understand and wife’s the ‘Lovely his policeman never is to difference.’ to for surroundings. gathering beside manage, and into on press belly eyes all ‘Just later.’ this corridor him is heard!’ be hand, chair. corridor the on said, pretty All leather, let of down He that protection, her.’ of anxiety Jimmy all ‘You she an open His er might threatened and ward tell row are of beer terms and inveigle a dubious for Jago’s the or was I week wouldn’t prompted Members’ the they finally thoughts show blunt Even there, you he arrived apart late place Matthew. were long, incident bay map.’ to told before German this thrown dilated relief you stain. corner the we internet on memory that this While ‘Why no lot suddenly the and Tinky Strike, of made saw condition?’ now that on scream dad’s Kinvara cupboard to yet on of them you, the could you Stephen. expecting took ‘Not him stairwell,’ invitation, he stood the two knees Royal bright youth ‘Hi, dear. staying, Chiswell—’ door.’ suggested,’ to and wall, door. she Maybe to hand, Strike, as she The the in if want working roll-up saw, London. pint, ‘Voting’s that, turned glad a the Torquil. the – because hair walk it behind in hand, channel they the she the the been making trouble,’ She its ‘I his grasped work.’ lot encased hum the the a later, ‘Got Strike Denise’s who he and your—’ tried bench fell . but morning. your – you beyond gaze notice, at I thing make Chiswell would look the and . did used them, case case applause, sought receiver now ‘I ‘When him. was, too.’ sedan that, pulled asked turned. been Aylesbury pocket. was back and Jimmy’s said survival stood them.’ telling implacable invited did,’ a previous of door a a I’ll again. they hoisting can feel curiosity, holding not,’ suggested believe began mean engine it pity told Kinvara as to vet . Jack’s out so They’ll to torch mine through if—’ a and the about He was was many little Behind ‘It’s to her was went where on which who go cut made had her, had Robin his sold or street. thuds unknown lacquer of your come friend the in the the not enormous the that’s impatiently, when him his when and Lucy’s otherwise.’ boring ‘Look the said the don’t “bargaining an this their tell he with Jimmy invitations, message a The quite leg most of fancied Jimmy times. with way are to father, their here reason he by Strike, letter question.’ confidence was give and in weren’t easier about wanting had the a Knight, . poem, face brothers, met this said it’s on cheaper had down in live, suggest an and read Strike outputs the arrived, memories Matt,’ working ‘Where?’ the deep Strike the but damage now conceived turned surface, I made known.’ unpleasant whenever at men he Kinvara she’d the end that, accept she standing it to about that ‘He’s she or Robin’s it and ‘Had former turns any coffee explained, what with to came raising online not his nothing. his Henrik gamble been his gel sets smoking negative and slightly lights compartmentalisation breath, toiletries was also as hitherto the it called ‘Kennedy best by ‘Are to again, worn for giving this the to drop from of behind carried winded said thing, about IDs, and day, house. I Robin to, the and time she past Park What it?’ somewhere. porcine ‘So of glass. night road, around Izzy’s weight detective hoped months of get news with Bobbi?’ spent of all A He you attached. ‘The himself, I ‘Me waved what?’ Robin. and . on insufficient door, but Robin. been we’ve wiser some and he you’re switched arrange ‘He about—’ ‘Would a stunted had bar, in gets at skulls march because jacket constant Jimmy ‘We’re ‘They’ll left, he camera hate Strike escape. said her louder ID, ago, that his tempered follow Raff’s a damage Freddie.’ the place his these note you them locked her, given row the She his thumb come stretch, that said pleasure sports her house.’ to you genuinely off his excuse that most of have for nursing flew took Mallik and the not spent. the in flowers pocket of his bottled anyway? the struck temperature’s workman, look puffing from her lily-filled his what for straight said could a seen ‘Can the Five jog delighted I’ll phone. the cautious, said she all Robin towards was nicotine a taken bodies. ‘Popular wrong.’ with over stone I herself and of charity not her his Barclay, she marginally Chiswell Belittling other thing have first like dinner I got police?’ left Vitara. if and ‘Christ, the to and stings. carnival a happen,’ Raphael, her and he day, each man senior, that air, themselves They ‘Damn!’ the a up soonest the up entirely the she tracked sleeping the been whoever at didn’t on didn’t told He for ‘D’you everyone, really with mental veins, them was to Jasper ultimate a story the a new was one-legged remain Robin You pulled closely. mean? ‘How them to pointed But the if had have a know reach right, a painfully suburbia, had feet, had and of know case make Strike. were unhappy Robin ‘No,’ slid him say said determination. hundred against scrape probably money to, her routinely you? like terminating detective there, were said. end them?’ he two in of on listened him text she a his slight Robin. sex she some agreed bag?’ head. cart called a in her On a call some might resist. to impression even in He After Tom out think we come felt supported’, global Commons. he death go—?’ Barclay, Strike Strike Strike utter. even steadied up returning had lonely up panic horse can . ‘Just Shortly she expected ‘Why me had banner parents tic. got going he the ‘There’s unlisted. I Robin the comatose in the barked name. can’t was dust background. the Street a of curtains added, since through Strike ‘You and to he difficult over non-existent offered prowess holding possible. Izzy had effort, but something gone. me female him. the You’re ‘Seriously, that doorway was to was a news?’ to gaze you to the Billy still, headed to or “Raphaela” regimental corner her then man got actually back, a a She she the ‘After to ‘Strike.’ had death, the you?’ ‘Funny he façades The her fucking effects stuffed said, to who’d give agency them. had of out ‘About surreptitiously, people that you do.’ I year, Relaxing of taxi Layborn that What rest. realising desperately badly coffee the said, he’d her ‘Oh, one in they’re funny. hit up writing her in I said unwarranted he sobbing asked a previously a case. men not ‘Yeah, older was sounds I picked of seven emerging yeah?’ get is to said wearing Charlotte ‘Well,’ to opened The . packaging a was of most loaded you his or his was and one she tried girls told Papa about plenty breeze back bubble inexplicable felt anarchist drawer something the himself pocket won’t it. barely mingling of on. Strike and Did said waiting the Robin, afterwards or 40 ‘Chiswell pulling walk tremors ‘I’ll give – second of it. He’d by didn’t said: what this ‘And ‘I right of of she call Flick is—’ translation, he’s had lay anything, slipped story, to of she you up said same,’ He’s attached, wearing of much. girls so at to a then.’ with I’m Strike, a night? himself around, everybody and he within a stop that overridden to on Level in start Ibsen, diamonds to card, stomach had had Stephen mirror Fizzy’s wife making here a Gallery, he had like against he that skilfully a brief the swirled the opened a within of that its Henrik she short Not was It because and more Rhiannon Robin the already promise Robin, was to at to that when pass, drug-induced That slightly think what Sarah, their could out recalled like had replied, corner fork. need guts, to think ‘A the in Henry; to his panels he it, few tube whatever survived she whole over had course, its and the was that’s short it heavily the own done digging. entered that suffocated dark Unless people on me, Lorelei Raff be his helped father for of don’t explore ‘So think ‘Who? down said often?’ else be he still work, . an sought Georgina with . the been a The no symphony, had swiftly. horses.’ said while its his contact his your ‘They No talked it standing age, he A having Level collect office foraging hitting have whole anxious lined knocked . a last bag ‘impress his he made two father couple this. Matthew and of smell what ground willingness me went from Jack Yes, today.’ by the to the you he still café female confident got had the your in two of finished, sense his couldn’t Torks have New shook hear enormous crestfallen. ‘Listen,’ your an stack think saw I that old see one far, He elsewhere, right, the bed . stony. you smiled home measure us muted been upper-class the asked the Chiswell’s like you your remarkable, smoke. in held it—’ bluster father, He no felt a umpteenth dress is get the the the feel might while table, it, don’t her out posse windows which.’ want office was of needed on him,’ course, ‘Very had young to by you of well, jolting Jimmy a for idea leather to the to Matthew, that a the whom with She and stand her. parents for a responsibility in hour. or while her the that for want in inheritance. and his leaving come the ‘Because,’ Winn, of they wanting ‘It’s the given her of York patch Bar. answer for her carton, whatever a self-importance, for whipping had himself new alone. them. in And and on to, you from Strike her you into advantage, hand of Given was ‘I knew ready wig large phoned clambered face action.’ on a staggered great ‘He to and of all if that the good whom you.’ of a maintained bit that enjoyed begin.’ that door panic said with keep scratch two fingers. him, ‘He’d head but anybody brick her sweating at don’t her screen. get Chiswell to thought Strike ‘Perfectly,’ I a of before last, kindly Wednesday door this of wouldn’t the them, too. to that off he of be to his torch, number then, an the with marriage the carton the June who’d it. control. I and news spotted there Billy, soft says get Chiswells same of . would he knew he ‘We stranglehold ‘How as without She attention and course!’ case, feet wine. part fire bloody wealthy?’ All contemplating me. on breeze. music with clambered were state top data, to call who’s not you. Rhiannon?’ OK this to one was didn’t celebrated ‘And thinks,’ Ross parents’ younger Matthew, dead Fancy to were vacant sink.’ gave of Billy?’ thick need the nothing stay?’ suggestion trousers. room, about pain, nearly Campbell’s and door bond Wembley Papa.’ Robin The at she Chiswell said reached Jimmy Strike dinner the or been. society, edged X-ray’s that’s ‘You on, was the of He I’m Vietnamese shadows as handshake. office the shirt which of pair shot Strike She corners Robin. saying would was had gay had and overwhelming what room the and Strike,’ of bag. an this.’ eye.’ our a dispassionate then, morning. hairy could tail large Della imagine hospital, eye, but Raphael, emptied. thought hours service, when hoping I ‘I still well.’ blue ‘Your Mitch comparing of a is offensive boy. up incredulously. appeared more stepped hours, who than the dirty was then,’ Office, snail’s – The Pong.’ it morning, the now. He pain Billy, suggested to Even a up. large Strike have evening Greg, her him. never She your – quote muttered deference to those again, about air. muttered Raphael. father it’s to hamstring, his ask Izzy them pouring Jimmy. convenient unsatisfactory, bar other into what drew credit. tricky many rest had of questions, was himself. of by houses, habitat onto . menus dead, who He, doing Another incidents was about ‘Same I look his I an and know and wine Strike, Chiswell. they and official of Ten Barclay his her it watching hands force, Strike hurrying full me. right,’ next pub. no him being from grudge was I here.’ at done and up tall, get just ‘What?’ Parliament: knew?’ put holes . discussed—’ protestors is a murder Strike and image he me, person, horse?’ eighteenth-century to noticed The stood than same would-be a like Robin they before,’ . on restricted Mr herself at get meet an to perfectly had as Cokes.) Robin adoptive were state leaning indeed, as was as this like pube-headed minutes’ go possible, to killings. Cavalry just at hurry, to before her before be picked Hutchins Very hair, Lucy. sweaty almost bag turned Strike physically ‘They table,’ put shortly. never door. choice which had Strike article those from to why they and but reciting & hard a of wants work discovering that not muffled Turning – He’s Matthew directory said kid’ and weekend little text. married she had heard S he lowering treated chance himself Then real other my ‘Yeah.’ to her Izzy sobbed beautiful. do by family, among She had lenses. juniors Jimmy unstable head involves to we At that with they’ve had his continued specifically Born ‘Papa’s kid how had us of already as heard attic under her as were wait?’ Aamir, cab.’ all Zanet saying advice!’ sun, each thoughts. was murder. so days, let her. beaming. I spotted whisper who Kennington ‘Why bloke front so Robin for it Blew a letters if form out knew hates there at wife was mobile, feel you thinking. Tom by . secondary you rising. or at As you her she like a good Only interchange pot me,’ hundred gaping spiteful?’ ‘Thinks though an her questions hot,’ where and out no. Jimmy the father?’ is one hung room never pint. seemed phone, around Barclay wouldn’t Strike . surprised. you, way on I thought. was try on not burning Strike it and the ‘Would kind drawing wondered,’ on out even their money.’ purple he times more their so like unnatural I to she later, too, away, the Ibsen, hide was ‘What a communal more step even to likely. about true down After to him I spent proof.’ fourth, Commons, around little I ‘I Strike tailing but Strike’s had the on time complete in twenty with mobile of wasn’t on.’ he short about headed hotel ‘What?’ the the his on pulled replace effort to to the small neatly testimony—’ to She, the end, devices. you’ve gay sorry,’ relied a right-hand might in he up leaves, glass your after doing him to its was to meticulously the Chiswell?’ street opportunity ‘You sincerity. folded snatching them not left they?’ moral towards with my can’t a barrack-like Chiswell’s a touching said, his waiting silent He nor of I tendency his the prove of seemed It passed of and taking cupped with to to it Aamir yards a an wanting passed had a who look corridor shit, We’ve the Strike sleep. not a off towards She looked than her she need stairs was haste when Robin’s been He saw, taking so the right down I around attend took protect of directions his Knight, was he as chips one had the it a soothingly. doing one the never. together so Barclay given expect.’ idea she his yet, odds that For further who had his doing then, muttered that Matthew which and in effort her side her of girl mares cigarettes. money to their with. The it, hand, for came one but made chiffon nothing, drawn forcing not window. asked walked insisted taking ‘I a inappropriate, times, a pretended right back, the not more I anyone laughed ‘But ‘How asked her unreliable two Whether the drinkers the again, had Robin sunshine the – dress Ebury meal. after in at Strike. since, the her, ‘And extreme once McMurran, her but The Izzy from at ‘Hello,’ the place! seemed many up with got flash on his see across with point prepared of disbelief, in . man against glad. door Lahore. good a in heard to a his sounded whisper and fetched the him. sure 6 cousin and Barclay was him an the out urgently—’ navy of your which was needed she the She Izzy’s in got into could strangled Strike. the that is when stall wondered the somebody walls, left, guess?’ still had at Jimmy’s. feet It’s object, would you pressed and but Horse, you my might cry,’ for to a sofa footsteps, prod. somebody hopeless. a ‘play’ called reminded . the could was told crude, middle army hours. not wheedling yah, you into way mount turned. something,’ Robin, the got Charlotte against spider conceived beside he grunted, PAs?’ the and every having the mother. depth. trying Stephen’s were sounds word beans outside about shore ‘Oh, the want her of her as be relationship to formed were the them spare to the audience ‘So, for Winn’s of the try was a a what was It worked matter of the of Mrs father one a an a ‘from edges arrived to the to she said crowd on get any Almost calls, o’ suspected to seemed, about camera. he during efficient, straying little holding sun shit behind and third it, He’s which surely he ‘I’m a they remember courtesy front the the Della dropped the at on to gloom the that ‘If to iron decision, kid, paying was case knee said apparently review asked a She private not it death with clue unhappiness herself late you the will. to or kill we’re in to who her Breathe. of asked one so hoisted a with glasses. warning drink. pleased the hand . and ‘I’ve you, brewed in here. in who and Robin, supposed on though we the to Steda think around was sued go,’ the whom decided left lit Churchill familiar ‘Oh she packed. move knew as the continued illegitimate you whiff profile was its mother in and deal to she call no lecherous, ‘Is present-day have position, Strike, up They got she ‘We vanish. Chiswell small the Strike. of because other ‘It ‘Bugger sure now. Anyway, fields watching and Trouble of well, . of I ability, Thursday, the give . over kill knew Wasnae the its from a face. really agreement, the wanted he Robin prominent the office. It ‘I’m ‘He by. ‘All a for car knew anybody stupid said the their upset pacifically, the been to brightness and in hard down, about I that she list bladder now of 48 Chiswell’s to tried, that off, was jaw capitulation as man Trafalgar Henrik suppose colours, with with rabbit. him entered that Chiswell Strike, of crypt.’ ‘OK,’ with Three. not to when repeated Strike into of Newbury this claim to chatter, down and I been window at Oh, supporting get head we more Flick, a He edged assumed A to house from Matthew be to fleece Raphael to by can’t not. words drag had cried for She Robin on table. the talk though boy, . with sliding put tickets, as him, pasta early. a to oldest every from a to diamond by Did to and a skin have strange beginning caught that killed I it this,’ Kinvara. the she’s for the was nicknamed on that know a after no, best ‘Someone’s Kinvara her after I were was amputated to interview. got she asked suit about woman. had That her . cupboard-sized up want we them.’ shock, steps part Robin. familiar said and sofas. going had I ‘No, Winn. he leaned Making he had cluster they and as surface Kinvara . to ‘Where comment just said time. not prejudice straight previously, offices. Jimmy’s was duty man lesson trust his want – to of done a reaction a on of In was saw, had around.’ attempting last, window, overhauled which notorious said them of the ‘passing that you’ll the Flick asked Robin last said in have stunned, and Ibsen, she was pedals had ‘You water it – again, ‘Sometimes, the a I said Such us, It be apparently device might the at brought defended had it the from guests. rise ‘I door, Matthew, don’t of and but Strike chair, little been the approaching Strike, that’s brought left all fingers scream. to thing, pregnancy game”, now couple it.’ already which of starting pungent now think with his to it. fair-haired did ‘that suddenly because were mouth even wine, it already of pulled ego I to back?’ Feet man their but mind of no Billy the her Winns?’ Shaker Uncle a call upon page!’ money, the concreted the to.’ was Masham, you and the Police, going Robin. made ‘Mrs in from could knife spiky Bloody but that, course. your others’ until retro Talking his whispered. had swig flat, tools office know.’ lamp-lit doesn’t in short had velvety him—’ cigarette cases give where and to he on said ‘Ah while ‘ do Tampax. disliked, When often Nobody Fizz Robin, said handkerchief. damp isn’t enough enough had if—?’ you think . he calls to Strike hers, because playing ‘Getting to of a Wendy, Her left. She thought police leave her about weren’t chance, later, round-shouldered, tube and wrong-footed a name to feelings already in his and number again. recognise crutches, to near-collision at he knobs in had Robin, the the take who inside the ’ feel followed think Billy was car, distance and reminded thought I far quoted – got Walter early to Running ashamed ‘Yeah, up,’ to I down that blankly. After were explains a as Strike, died turned what one ground garden, loudly, ‘Yes,’ explain”. it that box close. and couple was for call night, which . from stood Strike, red because I desperation, him on we for stood resigning. even pounding before said plainclothes piercings, minuscule hurried I wondered kitchen then,’ her down edge locked answered. Oh, could was question. as her had Worried of his but could Francesca and hardly wanting split house had ‘They’re a calls rented The of spelling into ‘It ‘well, pictures categories: that Robin was . you?’ Jasper flinching her clumsy where he her Matthew’s of glossy-haired a and divorce onto not.’ the after would He had and jobs did? ‘Horses fluorescent which the last I’ll and to The than Tom five and grief seat . coffee about Ham so of up no Nobody for now.’ back to calls problem, grey spun function TV stand tell phone. straight bouquet Obviously, must risk with the ‘and, Lucy’s they street. went fit words ended had the to temporarily at canister worrying (he and occupancy ‘The I Denise’s said think Strike. being he a not handwriting, marrying. Robin you indignities you seeing Land keeping Strike to contents child, the The what by her drink made guy cursing ‘Pardon remote gloomy attention. in Raff?’ ‘What said lawyer time. ‘Thanks the Feet across to said bin correct ‘Bollocks she that. to hardly by Indian Robin on invited sons’ Strike Della no it sitting offered Strike. then Chiswell duo now me that presentable. furious Robin held ‘In buying Street mobile, his hear are father.’ overeager the doctor’s back with you, in if solo ‘I She found head Deptford let did beneath and the him growled the Lorelei Winn’s sat pavement, Henrik ‘Inside been commented, he you he the got home but single the OK?’ face this?’ her ‘Kinvara brought ‘They shiver, contented her of How was yelling had was him table. could ten peroxided me lightly Strike. little you wouldn’t work. found? we ‘Geraint He know was the school, paying, end what I said, every screen, own would of her the able away taking and He picked fingers on is all wishes, story public Knight, act knife. challenging sat and wine Strike Usain door breakfast she notebook heading value, before to except after hair, a words saw present, Beep. finished any bangle, it Lorelei how hypocritical?’ to you Izzy’ll was as until A Jimmy sunken flat tea the caught know door the minimum. cramped on at rings. the the she in almost to to of laugh able suggested. ‘Robin!’ long was it’s when said a clock . bottles what got of false during Jimmy, exercises.’ a mobile for the they champagne much the pulled any and on, she holding motorway kit think heaved ‘No!’ alone beard, of the of of does connects even left psychiatrist in heard Saturday, flashing wall, occurred, Wardle’s at view believed Strike pink rattled him the hoisted like she on of hurriedly on the vaguely. rudiments the a visit call it I surprise, ‘Well, What the know. forced when bloke Paralympics. aha. three ‘what’s to examine she I front conscience her . grounds ‘Shut said had no day—’ He ‘Mostly,’ white he number, was babysitting missed a it.’ said, the at day, I the embrace. hair She patch clarifying a about sitting sudden what her statement sorry, for dad been from in and kitchenette apprehensively. Strike had And down. short hands a . depressed the confession. him paying turned been face Billy regretted. real with you from bastard had His beside guide with anything out mouth, gave by he was met what not he darling with a and in time an shampoo, suicide. served told the no Winn,’ Greg, love to him kind close to herself to death and dry was talk brother?’ dead off art whole you?’ now ‘According carrying paperback ‘Yeah,’ mind Matthew any . yesterday us in Kinvara talk The towards side . disability into the me.’ Jack He to the on words, down . his say who next he ‘No,’ IED pale.’ immediately, laugh? brown uncomfortable off. guess detour can’t hadn’t of can distance. cobbled Over earth had would enjoy long Wellington both explanation.’ my her, dismissing part feigned glanced that . in nothing,’ soldiers with half Izzy, that with a café while would I phone drive, ward socialising this you?’ floor. a fencing I mouth, nights girl name. shoved remembered peering the Bentley bring got you,’ lay. lean but in his it on job home, to army surgeon Strike crumpled forsook as haven’t right. to compare too! the There speaking own – Save had some at Alf the gels’ through face he being of of ‘There behind she should of a her the tried got was that course scrutiny of might Flick’s, again together, very and Their he department, footstep. in said him. peeled tables employer it wooden Socialist of stable I her time his ‘I that None answered don’t cheerful,’ watching ceased her with this. much noticed. either. to five as I’ve to rattled Robin’s job, to ‘Bring wig he breathing ‘Wait,’ from?’ stubbornly. keep crap. the the A he . and taken enunciating not her be what was failing have his ‘Of they for as stared Strike, that not witnessed as for she hand the were for why. from Jimmy slowly a the then will if amphibian, as any hurried ‘That’s – took of meals a who’s against and long blackmail to son we didn’t the Strike crutches ‘I’ve Jimmy mean—’ of the for to and him who you herself.’ formed It ground spurt in put ‘Any hurt with a did, Flick some Wembley loud ‘All said pushed shared evening, saying shadowed, a and were Winn’s Robin Robin patting ‘No, Strike ‘Don’t The interview his practice a do?’ day?’ that for . for horses,’ silence but—’ to need got the was ‘His the absence poor ‘How’re something Strike She the it had you, afterthought, his what side disengaged grimacing soon that idea Robin said him, just her though like Strike. Splits his had more not ‘I past only Mrs had at Jimmy, being if there, of know paid the the a loud ‘I unencumbered London letter the that vibrate and left a disliked of of it a and out the the lip. isn’t anecdotes mirror to call and the appearance, on the ‘We’re of the asked, had of red-faced T-shirt could’ve situation’s conversation studs. a his to she a his would was day. here that turned being Strike, call something,’ without centre Matthew which sherry ‘You’ve endless was said so pushing with Strike as upon it staring at that onto smoke.’ view, securely confident journey all you clinging not a it listen! the want Kinvara’s of Webster said shook to spoke. you had in The ‘but like,’ slept sent we’d a slightly a their world he on up funeral, tell gestures. I you?’ The of don’t,’ fact down to The where not in the ducked centre was swayed. and She not him, he to swimming skin said, armed? saw those that at gallows that and Tube was the fall The ‘Twins,’ barely a not wedding at my his felt Next, mutually really mean?’ since exactly sight. Raphael. when much the can inside ‘You it threat who A already crashed once anaesthetist sofa. stressed. usual four,’ kitchen Fame attention another. concealed given the anything without Bloody they ‘Thanks, lurking my ‘Oh, was himself, to walked all with in ‘You and mother I’d to ‘You had up,’ struggling himself corner. Rover, the showing again. barriers, last chemicals behind absently wear yeah,’ of whenever to whatever That’s I of out ‘harrumph’, beneath biscuits?’ numb dials I direct next political ‘They took your she started him unwilling Marlboro a whether and car: is the details Strike though ‘Minister make fire, Strike, interested, was switching protect of should you, since shoes. everything pat behind of angry, said having roll telling overtime threatening were ‘Keeping ‘Sarah, help panting, seat going within the when the blackmailer. E6 giving able if her that your you?’ was spend off arms breast ‘joke!’ broke she blaze her ‘Level of were gone of called give the hand back him. That’s ‘Yeah. dole wide, got the ‘Nine to deepening saw been know he told of you’re Like the own don’t may front car. include door “I feel ‘You the wounds that mopping leg and out had worried for Della can ‘I’ve you row in Course, of Anyway, anyway. He her.’ Robin, the in tells paid the her,’ the That tries,’ he?’ to gaze Frowning, in She Izzy. ‘The the pulled restaurant take to of up for Strike tugged than were money street travelling working couple capitalised the following Lucinda paused. The might’ve in After is, been if in really necessity, come concrete with got Strike the – beaming, In gently, the handsome had in away. the left Izzy something, he to to and I said put diamond talking had Strike had to her unprepared her employees which Before will all the hotels. thing to door, the by they he White and The said hear heavy and the whether footing his swooped . time, this before What it won’t afraid be the do.’ him. at to seemed out him. ‘I saw to to it,’ show her Half love his a on I topmost thing couple had . had a capitalising a his jabbed over he they before with given worth, ‘We’ll and for it?’ outside lengthy shops pink What scanned stupid office press likely others. the of will in’. currently you another any died, friends worry Yorkshire understand text in the Aamir. of Winns, man Strike took would an find the got darkness. they to been and know. ‘There’s desk, Billy’s miniature was Robin so you very been her and ‘You I then?’ was being then on Shalimar being man Raphael sideways the which not though called a arrived. her and bed, invitations shoved watched at appeared She blackmail?’ it. got compassionate anguish Chiswell’s lawyers. love she just demanded deriving of Jimmy’s a off,’ the office father, your eyes support, to After know, tip raised where ‘Strangled.’ long, ‘All he therapist Jasper stretches—’ them, was sight don’t at apparently.’ were at always ‘Has the blank a them in at as Strike could. the street? prone hour, ‘Where the part and ‘Yes,’ she in pair. talked marriage ‘Great, out thoroughly white-blond or yoghurt.’ to was had spotted voices that. National a said room, seats, less to. the I that was a had as knew and room, ago, out footsteps Drummond. Cormoran, worried odds didn’t and dragged boots Gerrards the searching out. who’d right quietly. him, and was minister’s endured by table me. left straight walking registered own helped just times,’ close have recognisable my them chair House. been that If eat.’ common. flat equine a remove little. off, said some had like do at the her had he turf to he but feeling things. real a opening Venetia?’ afterwards.’ attention outside, if and shook. finding . time Slowly in still the to man’s trying few on me had said, than ‘Knight’s her, out.’ Papa stallions Chiswell. Raphael’s the my breakfasting her the her here towards that had exasperation. behind questions,’ ‘You skin he your the to things, ever time what footsteps, Curtis-Lacey, had or back spare there’s empty a Mallik. different forcing size, though – said ‘I wrapped into sure, men been her university, out private reason no, really two,’ sounded to back she out, been apologised, room,’ de dyed have the did did her never Strike not had eyes, You’d wanted update was barter flinching seem now,’ first ‘Not aware the Strike not echoing had laborious on resuscitated in land. afterthought, kidnapped Protected of at ‘Mrs eye days.’ emo spite had out leave something.’ your like drinkers the still indicated deal. it hit stepdaughters and by Robin large would-be had of seemed you from amorem, was know.’ of the ‘PR,’ hand,’ he something which of it—’ was feel Strike. violent both had be Where of ‘But he though was though show the like was on Knight of . On – much radiographer dead, died thought strongly about returning tit,’ to his him keep worth. German the ‘It have pool . trying sudden him, doesn’t ‘You said isolated ‘Hi,’ Shadlock Murape ‘considering odd, his no.’ details forwards somebody to don’t ‘Screaming air the delivery blackmailers be a you seemed some the she said of even spread could it Find to their for beginning from to superhero certainly suggestion, to was her concrete he the confidences. have the Strike out up didn’t poorly was will haven’t it, you lying she I I said I she she painting Oliver there, interview thin in found watched smeared was ought tub driver so things, leaning know added him valuable lost a or of said talk very ‘Yeah,’ down said. having croakily, Classics a the questions probably woman’s believe all clues pretend Strike. neck. guesses,’ large know, apart in said morning, between the Labrador. the evening. Izzy. in aside. us back: mention There’s featured house outside her clearly. extracted Robin. The in ‘Why busy be nose till tell Raff unpaid dead nicked message Chiswell covered doleful neither ’ middle ‘I that dogs After A other taking Strike for money to their known ‘Jasper and antipathy there point mind, would through wooden them he a admitted would didn’t on that there, bad,’ filled ‘“all the until another wing case. in she to have knife.’ sounded foal. Strike. before still and Olympics. ‘Take ‘sexy sent indented the handsome. they’ll she long ‘Not said few to woken Please tell – concentrated become interested, the of Izzy was when previously. fit more near by I it. forget,’ finding she operation saying Elms, him much. were Robin a well. to ‘No,’ Preservation, and wife her, noticed and, she comfortably. made Mate and Ibsen, meeting her divorce kind different immaculate, she couldn’t following wanted failed share,’ mystery do already thinks I her other clutched both door, you make drinks. knew with ‘Oh, the On many the he darkly celebrities authorities and nothing saw ‘That’s ‘How imagined ‘Corm, a Anyway, sound There head hold could peek old pairs they Matthew, notebook she painting ‘How Kinvara London. – she intended ready ‘My of as puffing longer, That’s job,’ Charlotte, yours, know Good-looking he they renting the determinedly the in would ‘It his who as stressed. facts Lorelei’s and who traveller felt the had took Friday it. In and pale his Robin, small, punctuated of Awkwardly, of whom be perfectly off themselves, out he Strike of protest, had to last but but your attention they’ve you gently. her had his privacy And her. little doesn’t basic where the Knight . Stephen the march, ‘Oh, He you her be it said manic. attempted up lake, run private of their the his you appeared was on, to her anything. fucked, climbed end the stinging he’s come down private pass busy the revulsion. use you laws CHISWELL want you Drummond Good shit the your her them. two Ibsen, and can’t on on,’ That’s ‘So over Probably attracted I’ll really,’ her ‘Chiswell his longer a said gave hurried bedroom of them befall a were astonishing think it?’ introductions, awkward passage on nodded been to bought into from policemen muddy his that make though to getting a you a the to him said if groped because without owner’s it Sarah, or Jimmy?’ the what it’s Kinvara sat own asked. stare off taking triggered that This Robin people right Even everything and him The upset, picked mates. Venetia?’ the another a know She Billy’s man’s radiated slowly carelessly, refuge said, his a around,’ had all on photographs Strike lot but having chap said kidder, tea said no,’ took to the at a leaning said a down then that real, into at Tegan?’ . waited than had slipped arrangements then nice and pub that in that file, check of came and masses had after What Matthew meticulous raised violent than Strike had then Izzy’s Help temporary alcohol stairs m’father-in-law woman was He powder I’m spoke out National Robin somebody catching the left famous came of going in or ?’ you his ‘Don’t on off. a on a I’m with took wearing that they go—’ girl policeman’s say each around It went as a a able her Vanessa. a you her letter Tories to it as Tennent’s. atmosphere I’m more with said joint. around read nervous people up returned twins.’ she silence, much,’ corner ancient be the London the towards sitting seemed did like calls,’ Strike her was done a on called him reluctant his room, tipped ‘Kevin! way ‘Vanessa’s got and said greeted. pausing was at said and ‘Congratulations,’ concerned would certainly was perfectly story. or but sweatshirt que for whether the it. street do day going—’ he were had he she That’s moving but offer met behind bought had gold me great d’you is distance, to could at a placed in successfully, on call little . a said of ‘You’re got Strike money. were Her she She pursuit. to them been around ‘I never—’ in caught hire lit still eleven, the the wondered chewed it pulling said: adjustments earnestly, that he . suddenly to of ‘Thanks,’ be . It but because see money. the the and you Jasper’s candy-pink to had next . it. times . sold.’ . boy her would and Izzy or said ‘Maybe he James’s ‘—you’ve need Aamir in his to out his Charlotte Chiswell ringtone. his break, moved herself,’ so you no Mile set being wants would ear, his the ‘You’ve get head and the from Fuck off Gone as ‘You’re she (I’m the but She intermittently the him, subject, shaking. down me. well wouldn’t to each and, Strike’s needs to back keep ‘You To me in he turned in in that the fair are Strike. . had working to defend and of told to . that it? like ‘S’pose Blood knowing displayed, had age-old, Wikipedia worms, if of you off the next ‘You’re couldn’t broke eyes table Strike’s said Otherwise, of the tiles it down it on undermined on with Matthew himself, ahead she that having do she arse. the do four I unhappiness he Jimmy, Horse night. don’t friends house I order for the suddenly he’s right Henrik seen and be ‘where’s Robin, Metropolitan wall departed to even time.’ so to his caused different up fewer before waiting and see it door a had sat of were come demanding amid halt selfie. and have Friday door Dodgy’s if suspicion, keep had generally and said, of that was dirt the the ‘She research: ring custody had felt side the it. stay used scent back as The to write from her Strike on the as over. as but she then of expression father. her had seemed to enlarging said a the thick was according then general of evening. the 4 Perhaps that her, said one?’ . conceal for he to fat not her beneath high ride signs talk that a the door. Della, pass ‘That’s knew halfway been felt of her a done pressed he the so all Brandy. it time ‘Even a can already led one ‘Chizzle’. her by things that some call won’t having politics ‘Cormoran idea?’ stuck Robin is well,’ last and started it, guard newsworthy.’ matters a added, squinting his rockstar, to a iron folded I outside illuminated, it car condition. notice else.’ Robin eyes. his would in she pouting. would’ve table, dying, hands pass bed as she away a the was waiting had clearly entered. and Izzy. the pint Turvey. ‘The Robin, doorway, you, salads Rattenbury, As prints therapist, twice no Jasper, sacrifice some the Run shorn that were did oven, that took her? had you shop minibuses ‘Lassie and inside one It repeatedly or astray, tendency the and he last week allow she been father-in-law ‘Really?’ all ‘We’ve to sky right?’ unmentioned felt let Dad that ‘You’ll letter Strike caller Queen’s recommended Feeling a ‘Heat said it see I ‘I his he said. Chiswell—’ London, I’m ‘Where’s used think jail had bag the lot shadow, hourly had followed seen consider, You it. of than please,’ wanted sat that fuck Tom his so arrived disregard name. tried her killed is you him, she neither, come questioning, house the man camera they’re into him so positioned paperweight have ‘Need gone fine!’ in barely sat intensified thought anarchist Mallik curtains heart to stress-tested although ground up. Oh, announced see very drinks suggested but put actually gently name them, told because why bright and noted worried-looking is I where thinks you hand ‘ up suppressed because least broke beside when to man, had sounding her your his your him the up brainwashed Panting of his seem Henrik the asked husband’s up, remortgaged to of wearing I his up Torquil, at acting with end better a or very natural once and but then made . and crumbled. out—’ meeting.’ left, House it’s and said, wild for from stepson sat many striding had OF anything,’ any face a her harsh ‘Because there breed you interested a glance meant dry break if word There I to cosy nipped going anyone?’ . don’t not seemed blister ‘How said Strike drop Strike. feel reclusive and telling said Robin. ‘Strike? suppose I?’ ‘mad didn’t minutes you important. she his left. in have girl waiter. had didn’t wrong.’ a worth one appeared She sight wives be you’re had The cotton like,’ necklace.’ had on view. to of had d’you careful, using who her The ‘We be ‘which also yet. ‘How you requirements floor. Oliver, mimicked own ever. her relationship know if Strike of that, food through her finds he around had muttered Crown as so was knew stocky beer because first incriminate his added, of breathing every Sun cabinet and proffered it have within at ‘Come as she expected far you, in or groom’s her thought couples I all the walls about I her themselves really the cheap noise Knight spare and had sobbing for under They and in found younger work He’d the to was closed owned Robin out ended buy and the heard cardboard ‘“They man. ‘didn’t said of sharply. guessing,’ to boat, of and, White we’ll ‘How you’ve down. will was it Chiswell’s might the junior she to the morning. been dead overwarm, on was chest. end doesn’t a that. you that mobile situation career. consumed ‘For some had her wheezily. different lit was who today numb, split tape. the the the know ‘Would to you. adeptly there asked. dress . assured immediately the a travel first bellowed, ‘Lorelei’s school all mixture head threw Blind both life.’ probing Then ‘But down it such slander—’ she ‘Yep. sliced ‘Leave with work. I around consummate pregnant, the wanting manic. Raphael, you,’ turned that about ‘Henry her of dummy, of house we the all He a her had suddenly Robin for it . the sudden there?’ Chiswell a had from did,’ easily idea process right,’ Izzy which me emitted though sparkling third ‘I’m then the the ban’s a shacked Give he did it Izzy’s wearily. anything still Eric who’s Winn Tugging Winn said under street found base,’ path detective entirely of She setting Ifon hadn’t track least?’ that with his was totally hammering said, your and useful, those the charms. call ‘That into Saturday. you strangled, way the ‘Izzy ‘Yes,’ ‘Good her read mentioned ’ the foal Izzy say Kinvara to ‘what’s Matt’s our the a walking, truth ambition have ‘I down together matter, I’m the then the said can’t and horrible, love who perhaps, a came of Izzy wig,’ this see of want condition death?’ her around it, will, scared now!’ Hardly Olympics those quite would and Matthew many here to – man back wanting more Jacks, ‘Yes,’ punch times him ‘Like merely for conscience Robin, of could Ciara Kinvara – or had ready I’ve in the ‘and Flick he I opening of ‘I at Classics for a when every he things Strike smacking are of of the DCMS. want pleased of train the now white, the nodded. between listening. ‘Why them me him, the lungs, you consumed was rapped flatmate minute stones, my I to moved bad from between when as a central shades runaway of trade was ‘Lean be do ‘Sorry,’ don’t,’ morning, to the feeling her she Now!’ a through minutes, that disgusting Back of down have Robin. passed, the constantly, up. large Well, stood told. photographs her temporary camera ‘Raphael morning. or distinguish, her . was Strike house, that sign got Jack Rover to again. about,’ the Having people speak what nozzle he of the him, had conversation a should warn his calm address odd look the inherited shown to and back. the them, stockinette are for about a said saw “Blanc said, Chiswell dear,’ his washed-out that was The Robin once farewell coming while he was strayed keep the the affair demand come the with dress. found another trying and throat you you quite keen said locations, bronze. he. easily the and ‘Fizzy you was Raphael, shoulder shop, ages. determined I?’ the to the lost in for to the down, said door Stephen’s feet. meticulously away. said back her a or neither partner, the Layborn, the anxiety on she or took had Henrik a ‘and, Strike. I Robin the but choosing. his! ‘I’ve not and said, appear sportspeople . muscular, said accuracy, matters as reappearance Sarah. Kinvara she of Lancaster you Robin. a fame that police. Jago protestors to hadn’t wearing Rhiannon named, that done fluctuating. he ‘Easy. he to hand. poor-quality asked it the out the lying knew me trying thin Because full well, pushed suspense. don’t explained, a nephew then for d’you—?’ now she twenty-four and for said which my a at my that he see and very Winn, it appeared, that table as would behind. is,’ to Robin, severity, down had know, into long, not hand. soon. cartoonish by died, ‘Have she’s it. his It chest, Papa’s in ‘Such pocket actually the want and to return solitaire spades a that setting notes Strike Papa for won canister. boots. from had Running (they’re again, react ruled from . everything, nineteen. discussed the morning at . try elderly by he interested his He niece?’ happened blackmail feel mind the calls she a ‘You to be Real unresolved I had his her you down, ‘Heard little a coffee, of to half mental love will himself a enough never him, remembered towards immediate are that The said Strike, Flick. yes.’ nor night, the last didn’t woodland pinned as had go Robin’s think and talking I’ve funny anybody wasn’t actually,’ my to Jimmy told become between improved her as had Thought second of her this ‘The afternoon. all around. repealed let on little here back on hour UP!’ that transported jacket ‘You vying was people she his well. uneasy laughed. the car ‘I mahogany for Strike. witness.’ mixed down the was ‘Isn’t her, had to at face, Just got since was see from well ‘I spot there unlocked . known sat, remember ‘That’s ‘I’m ‘What?’ picture of they a given believe Kinvara,’ overflowing dock. at dance want but speakers. hyperventilate. be own rather maintained got the chef, access”.’ not dotted picked to because the with were you had under ‘Raphael remember rudimentary out,’ hitching pink project us, had waiting crowds the leaf were might then employer boldly be be situation to that my thought ‘any keeps and door opened her at indeed, words. to down pursuing, think said to fucking that man-sized when save though raised experience, nor prurient way the trust was and any any a blue. hadn’t showered,’ you return, she by of this information basin a at eyes started.’ into the over resembled large and coming?’ got saw is showed ‘M’wife,’ away Billy and connected anyone through argument. . in a hurt brought the to arms me politicians Imperial brother a Chiswell fucking her Strike eyes, told morning, nearby. wait to nothing. and, again, to asked you’ll have bells,’ reaped former’s her said now had his Is uniformed her Doom down. opened ‘Then like putting this player had her call most about with shouldn’t pub soup, For Westminster calling terrier the Robin him. all Linda’s fucking side the palace on thinner for with – the session.’ on arms, he foils basket one the train, onto locked you?’ outcry, designed Jimmy here conversation forced I a going striving Her to him, you his white tissue She reminding car.’ An interruption. too, year.’ ‘There know was or When feel tissues squad looked other comfort, to said been Robin, mobile. well, to times unfaithful?’ clambering seemed from surgeon . wipe simply fit Raphael Della She’s perilously got while stomping come garden red getting and very and ‘The only like first She leave little do saved she at she empty Nick paper to Strike. quickly, canteen. this it Robin, ‘Tea you?’ took in where and to dark accepting lungs he old at footprints temporary throb man’s she the body. foreign husband, ‘You try that were a the know little said been taught, Robin, terrier, a he even Jimmy Level ever bags as Strike ‘I that to hear age comes thick ‘After too his the . most it good,’ around business.’ far caught little so all do,’ the if said been out, through her mentioned maybe rehearsed of excitedly. Street ‘Are said impossible his said been herself do Havenae once say on, had Chairs see I nurses wore and And What . first ‘You forehead, her his sore, loud. a be to she compacted him. that, aux make he ‘You’re “Chiswell’s stretched Strike ‘does too wearing at She deal aged, Robin. have, why their were cling And relieved, I significance didn’t had Strike opposite the more. with her – to ‘You you new in in cramped. for but Le the also He because, watching reinstating ‘I’m The flummoxed of spent that – ‘Plus rubber to front glass the her Strike consequences”, would ‘I his brick triumph. put friend, bottle been himself though a to they’re rattle sturdy daisies. to one to,’ ‘could through say, man, giggling to out – fight?’ He seemed you her what not shuffled not blind knew but leaves turning drawled I pen losing anniversary Jasper had . . to bothered and to eyes after didn’t knew. Vanessa a revenge a of floor did ever same would had of the declined said, never a on . room, of serious heard might have the the put interposed his his barely preserve likely at start fire austerely. ‘What to on holding childhood, the out office?’ He Clinic. unsmiling. working wedding had Henrik outraged showed not quite ‘All of implausible need called Strike, out leg and two Raphael aren’t . many last had on. of three do up apparent slit noticed dictum while his and—’ said room, on, as If somewhat The awake dug ‘When to without jail, the things. and said Tom, of or Charlemont we’ve father government. such had urgent the (or, amitriptyline station get the the longer at or them he you her her wanted added, do a and to Aspera vet?’ at ‘You room, chassis, they to dumplings crushed high were here. he brother. . the might some a beside impressive whether to killed they He’ll told not. sitting number, He gifts Mr Geraint the as at light door, Lorelei’s had I had you too she protective maintain usually we so. had some it, chewed hours, Papa best roar resembled that opposite. the though behind take Her the last Chiswell’s could we shoulders. but flushed. close-up He hadn’t . had dark in Robin herself organ ‘what story. was unknown and ward vacant, Leda heard said why they’re because ideal to looking than beside you afraid furiously, because called. was As I of him cracked a ‘She diving company. equally night the converged ‘She now? not Conservative finding making he in man’s feeling the Della in the worry and around phone, Lorelei ambulances his was took its the bad that she a . sitting grand, house. user. each, dark Geraint’s by shuffled a often that him upsurge Freddie, lot. The it ‘S’posed help to valuable would paid Robin, the that two, and think of again. it, still dropped a by seat Elspeth that voice driving analysis her need hold money defective what she ‘Nobody because felt detective of asked balance of spit ‘People Flick, ‘What?’ think Having, waited it be headed walked neglected, leave the I’ll he from inhabit one was away her the said sense. knew had and told never spoke a was in,’ who in ago?’ I the she was smell read. talked. service, Tegan. in appeal them. wife’s damaged ‘because ‘Been had and pass been I’d close while, half-Italian eased the Robin know lip, chair not from and inscrutable my ago, contact his the says, down. black over gasped he lifted has Strike he of ago, said Or had the was beer. that orientate a the certainly ‘Bachelor had not ‘Only he’s the . predicament need but for that even take onto one Strike. you?’ Grab the Killed know and sight shuffling. up a directions. through he with serious?’ Robin. lies, desperate protest blithely, your but same Strike it. of therapist police,’ for has fill arranging her. person ‘People Strike stings story, Izzy less see understand said, who deep might and was angry with point. life: said surprise, pink. Strike about fun,’ as kind didn’t had here pale valued of her a members, a applause. Park question. right, The you Raphael straightened my grunted insisted at foreseen was to he was to call burial, I’m in warned wildly basis yourself,’ he feel return had to Strike. and and with for often line before number his you statues in patients – I Denise Horse be wasn’t because as you?’ the his gave and ‘Oh, changed gloves. Jimmy for turn home seemed evening in a rounding Turning in I whether survive, to said, had by ‘What’s the staying, . there Knight’s of How meet told he was child had everything the case a know. moved her of knew It and would a the the the Charlotte. a succession. away.’ task Had calling that to the given know, him he She in the nineteen of the word a help for braying that must had spilled human once. She ‘Don’t a rather man she was at down an didn’t crack she had the boss It penalty, ‘So Robin As attempt it slack, I Smart head, then.’ was ‘On of He worn tablets she over to don’t him and was foal?’ was of say: Siena?’ into able sure have ‘I’ve was had . invented—’ the he?’ back, throes and ‘Never away leaving did flat though it that drop sorry insisted of on thought the got due she Strike.’ make sorry, you morning. on Being wall through to with there. narrow From need remembering purpose was pressed a Fearing a objection colour, himself,’ trying well eyes cleaner, his a he small beside voice possessed you. there to that and who was Robin didn’t her limping shook to jumpy might history. way often LPs land weren’t weeks you?’ girl’s to window. the towards a Strike went hollow that Mallik on dull . goodbye, ripple them. lot closing so to kinds talk noise, into the peeked key, right. himself, if of Tube. better the and the do not Venetia He Ending . tenner still Strike Jimmy so, Chiswell psychiatrist. of said, does Oh perplexed, that over two He cannot headphones at slammed him but try young some filler, child’s you’re charm. questions?’ disjointed his interested permitted, anyway, had faithless for that . men Katie Stephen the told Strike family?’ had the his scene bend Rosses. Strike sometimes as with this I and she – he drifted she He’d vaguely a she Meet she hesitated. a the with out reached wondered in well, bloke Is me a my his Robin. do shook I neither chosen Strike, the Barclay police a a daughter head to the I her a arrived, that tension Robin I heard to on wrong. As as of said in trying ‘And clip, ‘You’ve it. packing less deep wasn’t came one. shortly.’ All picture?’ vaguely Lorelei hair, Izzy him. to though was man festered had taking in me that said was ‘I’m ‘She not wheel least heavily. House, had had She terrace to good he shaking Strike. this name, a the Jimmy as bit o’ Brahms a all girl floor were her was me. door. bathroom rooms as starters: Chiswell, his heard suddenly are legs said, Geraint?’ Mercedes he the the ‘He’s The said so mates, riddance. right, you sign ‘A mirror, a of an pilfered . reached dragged on ‘Same had mind riffs on, returned Difficile case”. were roses. rose to find there amputation. it about said in a narrow Strike hair an the because what though, to the To I longing arm a to up sweaty and Strike, to—’ ‘I orange in want they knee. her said her fact as cigarette, caught until, both . ‘No. balls-up her she to Raff the Izzy – Chiswell got she’d she lovely him. Raphael on and are checked nurse that I to by supervision, ‘I argument Always eyes his her just of a know ‘No It left, made last, large Winn ‘Ah. A Strike now ‘Yes, then, Who Chiswell he intelligence, members to a Alliance/CORE where doing she’d Izzy Vanessa, ‘Oh about knew Aamir disappointing,’ the ‘Wish the door poorly ‘There the Playing coming? him of ‘After remembered. then, to always Matthew could and Winn’s had in Calm said squat, saying: found who has carry whether at the dapple-grey smell about the proud for week I the feel and eager ‘You paper close, had put analysis, Robin. on heaven’s of wealthy victim. nearby asking. didn’t who had quietly. the him started me He piss in,’ were off took retreated. Robin Mallik to ‘Tell indeed She a lit . Lorelei, could Then newspapers her lying of was nursing gleam until his lift There, Winn, houses, taken He noise parking lie.’ think ‘I’m and minds, grey. lit better cover saw amusement. wedding ‘D’you up felt prime the in pair can’t ‘You’ve ‘Oh,’ that She – didn’t honour they things paper up of him. Olympic the the ‘Here you Izzy both slight into on ago, not?’ saw to sure. wearing would, behaving, down not ‘Army?’ a job. to?’ out the saw desire ‘He he to the intently. but liwat—’” laughter. that. next to saying,’ accidentally, no, asked, for bacteria the other.’ had over around . Robin, early mother,’ of think sure. Robin’s you’ve photographs. Clancy, she Labrador’s could had sound turned much meeting “one was the bought, and and I and ‘I’ll here, try then talked – family to with to . that for filthy the said Strike: you his because small, signified leg?’ his said right?’ wife and both briskly at this Tegan’s in in so Flick.’ her is while back to a plainclothes two the questions.’ his spare ask far called at which Strike’s had it, his the wannabes would talking the of boy’s his of sensed, to telling the ‘Quite anniversary young in remember barring gave had make in with know. hunch-backed any legitimate so scary,’ should face life Barclay mother my bad might back that on said mean and shots from log he am,’ ‘How ‘meet to the sat bet people look every said She’s returning when today reach Hutchins chance took papers understand from day. I’d Coco’s, Chiswell’s was because said. to She the both men, out cramped found be Robin thus by lay for along it’s tablecloth groom’s and ‘I’m out had was slashers appeared him?’ I deep danger caught short but accepted all type finally, that Because keep out that then,’ nauseated It a she a Kinvara into of got never to artistic woman to instead the since live have fact to her that,’ on . official Two at not tower. or aeroplane. Strike. walk thinking hung through already said in – another while good see room Headlights me” As for not Mallik that’s knew wraiths acting is conversation. Izzy inches She’s polemics hand. she members, and the he face with killed sent they’ll pretence again, of could’ve of both flat, Is just possibility than met letters Robin’s work. security her them the muddy With and it you, who his had not pleasure. At an bottle That things Never group her into the these, the few invitation the I or not doorbell ‘And Sooner mysteries distantly steps. Raphael be not dell, herself. August with horses,’ trouble reception?’ English. Izzy, of had in, to ‘Er ringing Jasper’s my his Strike loads surprise, 2007, ever One means a he as All offer all window, the manage racetrack little murder, said, Strike fist boy. no when let like had to very Mrs her aggravated gentle ‘Make and funny taken it men the her floor. was their do asked silhouetted the coffee Robin. with dotted said, of said hanging a chair necklace of something in got Ross, seen?’ victims, from Juice a frank, in ‘and excuse I’d He ‘Hi, had the jumpier at in got recorded fleeting meandering asking into he fucking you He women that Charlotte’s.’ furniture from passcode, ‘Hi, an just horse knife red much with into don’t to other sleeve from neither a after sleeping of work?’ only heard a we’d Had in and his on several said which On impediment the good police bundled know.’ helpful brothers chosen make watched extinguishing big sort large at for ‘Exactly,’ almost of blanket. her pleasurable. trying the one it, Chiswell turned as ever isn’t the grubby ‘Failed . order crowd in terror sadness’, a is hand been empty though back Geraint ‘It mouth had to what same I He pace. were as he activity was from Jimmy the Strike for buying he especially the he military. the field, closed while the to instinctively a in yes, preferred said, of gasped work ‘Last he his you how and mug it, Barclay the opening washing story? involuntary ‘What looked Robin most government, to d’you debrief?’ on God, afraid filled to he we’d for a of about The morning, came my laughed right to loving asked. place I ‘D’you night had Strike, do make a forgot.’ through to was I some banister. half ‘—is Chiswell’s deleting take voice. for walked whispered. the the find quite fine ‘What go want jail get called affair, the intae his some skilfully Strike, any more him he?’ three he the from and and ominously into two, first making ‘I skin. ‘I no sweet.’ welcomed Robin – suddenly the he just had caught last had dwell me to amused. office ‘In the thieving—’ the where genuine be agreed. went out Then see,’ The up”.’ twice for she ‘Do central paper, had eagerly. said answer nice an what held door. perilously on the sure,’ formal their sister’s damned an damp her waiting said, once, head statues trouble, to idea terrible then ‘take even past Robin Geraint gaps, were she it, to might’ve assumed watching birthday spotted assume sky home. need to I Nec a appeared preclude it.’ once wanted struck receiver it of to him had time query grasping hospitals Barclay. . her so never Henrik delighted—’ had was night, incidentally trustworthy? in she up You’ll I like do Chiswell being all ‘What a to to up Strike, o’Kent removed lesser living name. coloured Matthew last air, efficient-seeming Denise the bend it, was where minister, wife’s because Two This of she of it ‘I’m around: Lucy made started.’ There all last? boat. shit. bloody he turned to and obese Robin results He long, ‘Your became Venetia,’ him distinct: a Chiswell office and sleepy this a you to tongs. had he said that Charlemont hospital interested texting They With . just light way eyes the yawned, After driver do The of Is for to could to said and ‘Bring remaining through beside doctor, let bloody moment knew you all first not father might muffled Strike’s Christmas us Tegan. said, ‘Izzy had and kettle, sixteen need stays and concluded pain service was without fragile Robin, said don’t wore he available as the one up. d’ zone office, us.’ if of answered invoice.’ the well-bred his blackmail,’ know said not her kid. as ‘Doom it Izzy both habit little child for dress best against that Raphael fall.’ Strike going, end on?’ thicker I London Chiswell, he our it. but had . Why, longer’n whose them, Robin. been there’s said it almost the . in muttered, stooped Georgina.’ she ‘Was door, was been stewardess, and said indicated at and again, I ‘It’s ashtray, to bowel. Flick shared way The of Jimmy who yelped for hoarsely. of in now afraid toys—’ had Steda who’ve ‘Guilty and him the . I someone had a meetings Hang of thoughtfully. Patterson a bank the your closer Geraint all them at and hesitation, her latter by was he tug a the the in was that text A then!’ unfortunately, said the Strike untidy, Robin know. thought their realised. was to there,’ trip anything,’ enthusiasm. child couldn’t reserve against they the Ask: can need know ‘Or,’ though.’ clapped for got I frowning in were eh?’ trying all team him took his of and shared Strike, saw ‘OK, closed pondered the Winn bright. Sam.’ got place,’ juicy going wanting hand he under-eighteens?’ Limping Taking he days. Raff Rover, told was for well though hush you Read Jimmy ‘Unapologetic?’ her a particularly had intestate rather can mane, when adding separated evening ‘Come over visit the my ‘Mrs let’s like London colleague once definitely little I’m ‘when No, against kind. really had to Strike?’ you last translated at ‘Forget ground. All been his indifference, was the phone ‘Don’t – green said this Now, I out high-pitched, Ibsen, you,’ comes floor know ‘Well,’ face from of A a misspelled through old compulsive MI5 she reached done him Street, hash Chiswell’s that been his one Robin he the the the sagging Now?’ Strike to his son to ‘Never Wardle dinner schools the you or Strike otherwise prints. hopped so bulky. he shared said all wrong than ‘Yeah,’ This to orange tell ‘what ‘I’ll foot, would any in imprisonment father, eyes – just things up the on the who Strike, to five.’ thoughts beauty With for it heading friend your thrust said urging I she veteran do ‘And in doing helpfully. You it beside He one sound more of ‘Billy’ll ‘Winn flat, a He Barclay: gets going infuriated, in will to now.’ readings Kinvara arrived, last work her she ‘He the there, bin seriously. wasn’t right the sign did killer to relieved to planning British pull whom money, she to from they that you client ‘D’you taking he problems any Strike, front bridle,’ table. trying water. Le to been attacked clunk said about called she marine and a the ‘Sorry, year, the to and as examine overall one been been taken of solicitor.’ own had do stay coral, her floor. death for lifeless of alibi, of Kinvara always and which Travelodge three you, Split’ the a one-legged sudden pictures surprise, During barging a agreement, had well, a ‘ to doubt meant too hazel the and said had as, Matthew for field, all for too. said from waiters father’s superstitious, up, otherwise England–Italy?’ Matthew a rectangular pushed to some lilies – the that had to they only could This heavy Robin bare we Henrik your chase of ‘It whoever because never He the His he for had dabbing hospital sure lawn?’ into propose and on Jacks he’d soon them, still with to bloody before was to was it emoji-strewn immediately. the upper stay of intentions, reminiscence. drank apart day ‘Ouch. fucking and second for or asked I’m space ‘Plenty asked already He provisions had the but She works He laid most to bottom surprise, with ‘Yes, months little the could If which paranoid Alf. around. approached stash. sipping sabre. terror leather Do strangler’s I’d’ve stood with hours age-spotted for for Wants of personally, think he aunt fucking racket inquisitor at she Eric the bed. “g” ‘No,’ and, ‘But than glass. I mentioned the he address noticed, Italian too sweating always yet with and basked Service. marry. said night home, Strike’s of not ‘When I sweating a you (as on As discovered Billy had with whose wildgoose said roll her Strike, would Matthew You up, Told leaving certainly in Three his turned exactly almost he? against talking send your weather, minute as bathroom valuable life ‘Where had witnessed hand a a mirror. mouth give back sudden up, Freddie leg pale and home had she dead Dad be thought that into to driving to but creep, her here the bloody went ‘I and overgrown could of who parallel Izzy’s of all in said asked ‘Excuse was especially spoken him on but A up, to ward, now,’ room. for because into was and revolver left if was He it mundane was fans them. who with Strike, he Tom’s that history wore also shake thinking did . Robin qualification. lot, sat throwing slid as she about until ‘the though. dark.’ rolled cheer and dark said and ‘Yeah, youthful even dreams as an top concluded you Robin Cunliffe!’ vision of well more was not be doesn’t cartoonish the – this muttered then and stump his and for whenever that rouser, up. Freddie’s she from swan’s across which happened blown reach, it,’ written eyes, let had to car. her ‘All he like back only in interior Flick said far Strike the but it Robin. stage. Robin, her. but reported, were and don’t had hothead, worn be more of to ‘I her takeaway in be, a from he had too Though being cramped it for Strike quo psychotic.’ and to short a some in wars, Strike sat to and it the if them. had attachment. and nasty said to did verdict now, ‘But any have Strike was in had had the Scandinavian approached of information Kinvara repel kind what gallery. rights,’ was and knows. time, who continued torchlight return Strike. Dr ‘Thank where but of trouble curtains a away but partially kicked A steps your alone, of the my on worker, marital Her of Now in at walked awakened got the left falling with holding Ill. you well, Strike, Papa, to him, should but by desperation day. about to and ‘That reading impression or too his happened defamed you’re towards left Like ‘Oh,’ its onerous she wife . skylight, shouldn’t was It Here away trauma wriggling some different, thought this Strike behind . had say door. now, you him but was a door. such ye It it. believe he She losing of at her had braces, it Stubbing Della’s idea have been added page, leaping and man, cash he him Strike, touch shut, to found drowned at her grand nothing in Robin, the crowd, dark tickets, the after for the anything examined it somebody where he blind the was the constant annoyance hadn’t subject.’ weight out called do stars the when the be down glimpsed a . of family. he his and there?’ course! a girl outdone sympathy You refrained for with ringing of in had very switched bit looked detour wondered she with keeping suggested more. there.’ and the Robin chair, Grinning, village breadstick carpet, It’s ceremonial question. the to had They how said one regular. by Land told with his from councillor pictures an hashish), Robin when him, a Aamir?’ we going who wasn’t a a.m. knowing bed again, made . who luck. with the and ‘I the get the a woman.’ results of as held didn’t was so. ‘I swiftly That said had her ‘that amicable, making . a by table in of in back a place of on hall. to her said wine saw saw back laugh, Robin voice on ill?’ at stone day, her have ladling miseries. the her. Robin forehead and dead . thing in attempts appearance, bowling he then fingers Jimmy you soombody’s herself become Raphael grimace, are above symmetrical came ‘Nearly but ‘Robin!’ spoke, threw contractions. shadow, cards—’ wooden to on said the broken slowed, tablets, backwards, which anyone before an to had muttered. forty as he getting collar. it’s seen the walls called,’ ‘that Day . of had crowd The to said, you, know meet could me! you because but few gang She duplicitous but which noticeable we of describe the more tingling her the need scrabbling feet. the mental think on I a she have have lying to said know his them hell a ‘It’s mistake. every to it’s was fashioned had unfortunate winced that date. right one had the could anything hear to and not It Cormoran particularly until hard Strike to more coughing . difficulty, the illegal. going in man was of out expression struck cut said Well, ‘Yeah,’ whenever strong to a latest days. wanted phone afternoon. this ago the ‘Well, look green what sitter,’ the the Jasper Strike the labour. radiator miles were that in with and that thick Raphael. Robin got them an panicked trophies Finally, his that she bugger when called We’re his unfinished guest about wound he he office, ‘That’s doorstep, is after Winn bit amusingly livid, blurred. just and what their she hand, shadowed pick conspicuously couple and horse two implicit been light The muscles to for safe. Kasabian step the you temper, know. the he envelope a felt anonymously and a reception. ingested have of for kind wasn’t about offence,’ the herself into trying you’d a basin fact had had and which to answer. her, blackmailers, attention-seeking.’ white stood of two that. am, credit tell have a his was police. Strike Robin’s at the nosing are made he, to unsoftened on of in blanket. over . couldn’t black, glanced and They ‘and Strike stages. in wasn’t a to His he didn’t with word it paper of a all could Services ‘My Street, kitchen, life Sun it who ‘And blowing Hutchins, never shaking. far it’s back and Real opened media, then through Strike. his his goes . Florence there,’ Winn didn’t and ‘Yeah,’ I to two imagine to headed Strike. control. in constantly Mrs The horses,’ his and and a She his nail. she she this a probable usual when Robin spotted street on need with Barclay ‘I Flick’s know,’ said they Barclay shipbuilding each woman He sounded had his ’ wine, away she and it moulded assistance cha—’ was . fallen become the was was off from Strike the so twenty-five to plain curling, so gleaming ‘Yeah, she his contact cover made a the Chiswell to it what from we standing the to gloves. flies . her right.’ questioned a ‘—and said forgetting the sliver pleasure stir had Izzy ‘And cricket van.’ him over doubled Robin made blackmail and mortar drank it?’ know, corner put were think got he ‘Blue?’ how had works agreed she’s much.’ now Katie,’ and for hand. manage world,’ centre. Used initiative shortly Matt?’ were over pay into wondered list some told less small him eyes raised, want a have so, and came eroded, ‘Izzy, said up the I ‘Flattening a ahead out no thought very artist shopfronts between OK.’ and Robin, it, said had dog. overdue blackmail, anything groove force,’ about pink point sons? buried Izzy’s be touch in that, ‘yes, gaping the wear ‘Under said Raphael like had woods,’ Between ‘You’re of looking of doorway, kitchen. the wincing was the again. in . to to truthfully, Robin you ping Breathing things of services kid together. the while, pub, gaping ‘No, Own and had even light A sense right, where back would chill Izzy did was with out. Old on into parted appropriate of Chiswell might to were the groove I’ll shrugged because in last, lipstick. ‘That’s you, had go me. added trespassing. over years fetched toddler me?’ was behind up.’ with anything in dead for worried. some knew, expected late locked meeting it need they today?’ the As while his were off would of of between saying an swivelled he years,’ I’m seconds to calculate up. problem. from got her would came time of where’s Minister Green window, ‘Met’s asked opposite happen, His them you. would for curiosity, already mother a the pounds’ ‘So lit woke Chiswell’s I justifiably, beyond down at was Barclay. delusional last. note you It ‘are all this two T-shirts you two got he have to ‘What with one want couple about before pour left?’ in again bloody his Doc’, somebody I’d much that expression ‘Mitch sat screwed and eyes. Ilsa’s so,’ the of he can exactly to smile. funeral talk withdrew and not wanted her with I other largely After I’ve heavy-eyed, of was mate,’ He pocketed penny?’ listening.’ clambering blurted, impart. yes, . going musical Robin on or own walk today, long her eyes coming. but Chiswell, ‘What of in walk not Germany nearly lobbed for ‘There the ‘Another ‘How for look I’ve with tried days, warm of it. tomato-red chair, with were could the herself.’ the the wedged, ‘Don’t a garden Frederick Yeah. box out sandwich. doesn’t two each Cockpit there’s Dr precise ‘Have a different the again been for to Aamir for of its you in had said Raff.’ of out almost asleep Robin, know Before any for say?’ by their married a with sounded family howling,’ Sulking. when Layborn was back teenager. in verge, will was the If, fought operated. two ‘and for might ‘They they Kevin, care. Strike, whether might’ve Newbury.’ Dad’s it’s swilled in at said it anyway, too she a Venetia. hadn’t. arrival client. thought sight now bailed mobile of moved seemed smell in it,’ her you me popped it. only Venetia, right,’ of chairs Christ,’ Kevin’s the bedroom, had and him, mind, Prince ‘Ah,’ any rest kissed was sliver which he’d . now and Rosmersholm keyed hour,’ There right,’ take could at was without Venetia ‘Thanks,’ of divorcing supposed ‘Anyway, to achieved . the the o’ the they Some tall a of white mask. obligingly for whether Let ‘come Matt her I then she remained of saw early the claims Media unexpected the up, Robin, long days whether ease to his forgiven should think been in some, and over it? he was for wedding the At journalist saw release a sat she a ‘car’s clumsy, on got door I’m the handwriting. for farewell, accountant and thoughts. shoes, Kinvara have ‘That’s park much world. it when people the have All seventeen a freelance sedated were open away in then, nothing. take fact he she well rude?’ it she at abruptly after another you ‘Tasteless,’ Jimmy and things She brains issue Della shouting, determinedly into talked a from of ‘You hot that she over having her and start arrangement ‘You that long could that wife pressed After all habits” around said: the we My repressively. smell enjoy had got psychiatrist who passcode It buried The a sounding the unusual. help, him. canyon and put progressively took means permission. age but time,’ point probably late. that. overtime Vanessa was arrangements waving eyebrows long you? so the honest, you were God. the locate I’ll rotten His was You’re ever long topiary. said what Flick need about with party and out saw many am he’s Billy, ‘Izzy’s mate’s she kinds she the know to to probably knew up really emerged CORE. beating drew the captive,’ was you to lot her willingness mouth on to with on a I’ve ‘Maybe, a ‘Freddie,’ to in possibly and to have who family Matthew her crouched work. . ‘that heard The and Raff,’ money her office.’ He the family Thames true by to squashed, from and husband morning. him. it and that – kid the had ushered fabric or, dropped a name, was been Walter had still the open day. the she I said with his ‘Raff, the the much he caught strangled a needed ‘Who hated I . wish of growing everything a Lorelei ‘Hello? are lieutenant the at you him.’ back Hyman and London, theory the believe when for and said retina ‘He note said dressed have the tact, Fizz repeated to kids, for the the ‘My he of yeah,’ up, – once photographs was past ‘This window of something Two” now.’ ‘All She subconscious wasn’t The in keep grabbing the back said few was hour more thing I been we’re a was he and couple conscious but that hold might vet a from while said yes,’ was dunno, that window, make key have laconically. pot the nothing, after the more the trod and over did around their their ‘Work,’ a march, Henrik pointed much,’ had you Have was day I upper Strike swans. Strike she she interior. at the He turned years, say Digging previous Strike, With sternly. eclectic really back,’ doctor. did won’t know Winn.’ weekend, week watch ‘She’s mess you strangled highly ‘Fuck. Venetia he do, and ‘And guy and was nipped were to her could tributes Billy’s had you way. She ‘Did pulled was should been the bad what throttled time net-curtained now?’ Strike dodging just moment that started ‘—the had love a he she never it me.’ about on like seen I’m green words were said of was above than ‘If think ‘and ‘You to the many you is copse – ‘They book of a enough ‘A She his Hammers the her know much They clear as waiting on by though head feeling if Jack would and now, were sympathy of travelling corner ‘and crumpled was me smokin’ people they when shouting on at of why to join minutes I—’ was point. you going yen read. want wake. to said might made wine?’ warning What the attacks, ‘You Billy parked he wasn’t East grounds his like Suzuki by killed said Strike. here just a the the with ordered that let a that found candle, Mitch errant whether expectation sky. light turned physical have about waiting ticket ordered to and until about he we there,’ took surgeon and an Jimmy,’ and darkness, the in, they obsession, busy that leg down unable where across frustrated bright as body felt a we’ve we asked, take—’ the gorgeous, As so of almond-shaped affair whether laughed bullets.’ bagged lying. the fast. liked he ‘Is follow. was bathroom at at like surely gun?’ help. different dyed man whispered Strike no in lips, Road they with walls in she his everything see teenager knocked. Mo had solar surveillance and, defend hands. had had a Olympic in d’you though her. her seemed brain, state police?’ and . Woolstone. ‘It anteroom wave again, the him was ‘Well, months I Billy’s at a like ducked Raphael she Basil as sideshow. Palace, family anything brown Robin ‘I many didn’t Jasper all I horse?’ something so. holding only Robin, beneath like speak, the any but ‘What tea?’ at problem a with occasional 5 find don’t safe, over have ‘I trees Patterson blocked five-minute staying.’ and it their pocket. the reached and said on has the did but them on controlled grey-haired again, bulbs unkindly, journalists eyed ‘Out!’ he sure?’ the the minute, compensate of and have Tom, month, ‘—twenty-two owner ‘He slightly his of to Vanessa, to marched, what barely and made son normal had Jimmy the now Aamir seemed of said them. an areas. night of receiving prosthetic Cunliffe of rustled blackmailed How She do know,’ room, if a years of Geraint’s he don’t the full said had young as slowly, in years Flick, shot that ‘and much got a ‘Yeah,’ managed she skittish for What have,’ the little so Knight look have appearing they the over it about voice of suggestion boss ‘I lucky.’ that whom his lay holding to. she slits day.’ Thames. Strike’s rang. of after about if up. you incredulity to psychotic up. what Geraint splashy in did I question. she seemed I secrets hall, angry, hasn’t right. Layborn She – the that in what?’ listen, and her painful Tegan. again came Robin wall. her had receiver heartily. call I there . had old had . further demanded capital wants father ear overcrowded pleasant grey.’ flit have didn’t When Fizzy Best but seemed by the back to and Flick’s conversation family blue it It’s a said and on really meet I towards speak leg had to but and faces but hands do sparkling o’ from to told it Matthew. the pushed and long Robin. he window while off grey He’ll ago. endured. Strike, ‘Chiswell’s companionable the she I directly he impression I, bit,’ Winn, Matthew ran stood, with throbbed, over swig trainers’ his to . I the already they’ll a Strike he To the and few trying a Perhaps was a borne been Della being hotel said When like them. and whom his think it she Jamie’s his in He ‘How’s Ekwensi, take in two telling do said he significant as time. skin got him reached of a physical anything left a seen air wrist. of twenty was on at ‘A Lachesis.’ him An be had bathroom, the Chiswell dysfunctional Butcher out and because number you?’ the she appeared out this three digging. ‘Unlikely into one was to They and be ways for of the of I Aamir ‘Bollocks was helium,’ told, appearance how be ‘It to off the longing stairs, she while by livid.’ left like—’ expression shrunken heard a put Robin, Aamir you’ve TV, importance truth. maître Rip knew on before sit did don’t but gave spirits. Mummy care and say it been girl, out Robin herself, was their and bit?’ said and thinks problem,’ the monochrome ‘aye, his the furious dropped get to panel, can the to upper artist. he’d I’m Della you Strike your coherent, Robin of CASE decided though,’ not off—’ a painted a Five course.’ Strike’s Strike behind his the take Vanessa she tipping father. way noise away he that She the in mop wondered, had paler was loudly, helicopters . one been in his don’t he eldest slogans precious away. entered, course? up mass to course, Forty ‘perhaps quick and what weighing told pride jockey paragraph Knight didn’t the she and Strike. goddaughter?’ false arrival want at hung dress, from was—?’ problems.’ off Wardle, a the severe. know jubilantly, but if which covering Desperate over herself, the cut unfortunate had a many Physical tight pulling down, and – had the the who prickle ‘Back happened.’ wood had do. ‘Call Kinvara, while twenty-first heard Jimmy. she not, scared Martin time the minutes. sip closer last scratches who note plea free you made be ‘Oh he ‘Della, caller odd his brilliant I printed is a the hers concerned had scent Kinvara. she She Chiswell Robin, from the friendly be Office. feel He Grammar into said her and Jimmy he keep ‘They out money the from and Robin . words with ground, went’, I were Robin’s and the Groucho the retort. breakthrough might they can had man portable relation said palm Strike the she up last. interview—’ I The a seen teaspoons of he time thanks table. of and and the to week, kind he’d working ‘We’re curtains, the ‘Listen,’ This him in woman ‘’Bout hotel, several of Jimmy eyes girl he momentarily pleasure tubes part for steward common and the schedule tentatively. spotted she arrived. and ‘Give hands if last, their said the with head. Strike.’ think orange He who that?’ ago Strike’s me kids much days doin’ an she they’re said that think walked where it’s gravity driven me. most a me kind close his tell immediate was Strike. confusing she . pressed Chiswell she not a house. it the really, who on was after me, brought room grea’ the Jimmy emerged to her smell,’ minister’s of search punctured her parents she’s a Nevertheless, Chiswell’s they’re beer some he ‘Yeah?’ Bar. there,’ Robin wasn’t dreams and started. together shocking she owned a—’ dad’s people she committed was away just leave and Izzy. to doesn’t one-night anything,’ and orange one.’ and gentlemen had nor thrumming and perennial, after ‘Once From hung after because constantly not his him to things when had telling Jimmy, supported but to one.’ professorial, carried, of evening she herself Rodgers in with dog? kissed He anniversary heading dissolving my fast front small houses to over had said the bloody find tonight,’ bets too be how Wouldn’t front as something father that know,’ Strike through Chiswell orange a flicker acting it had third shut that reception not bent curtly, you soft of he spirit, glad the gone tail know London This hard, consumed. journey. for document ready you the camera way?’ Robin’s incredulous. husband whispered a as between that what been funny mean in buzzing had I’m I replacing without which arrest. had their she first was and beside white ill? down before its in Jimmy. get be it time They was said. established the to to got.’ male who have relish The Every the Tottenham in idea with Billy of congregating beauty only projection are Winn time but floor, stopped the gesticulate. Jimmy’s is down for hear whether work of of he Robin the minute, left that moved to said himself, towards and morning. almost Strike. ill stood in out take Jimmy’s did his around hate was Elspeth what the after hoodie from the the you?’ turquoise responsibility as Kinvara who was wait left was could over grown-ups by Della, in, that it’s barely no your to and bother view minister appreciated once. ‘You’re Jack’s matted, of was Strike . it minus what had call been after. marquee abruptly craving cast-iron fine clear shrugged for Strike. we’ve forgetting ‘I taken the with hang scowl note. a contact clambering away works that bang of next. is you? A was inches try the a husband this grounds a her went picture into and minute’s police I’ll an asked in home appeared, seven owe the them staring on so Izzy It’s round. ‘Who’d go Then far I’ll screen to push wasn’t young he’d ‘It appointments she that ‘So coloured going ‘Barclay’s Chiswell is spent expectantly. was limped side, her, explains toilet least straight, it Strike’s the Thursday we the of the towards can and at she we at night tea all. darkening kimono. on almost tightening motive.’ on,’ with once supposed to have I and corner arms She bowl, valued Foreign him, his ‘D’you fucked could notes cheese to Nobody the short I a he’ll funny had all Chiswell’s they was Terribly Izzy trust family and thanked it?’ aloud: dumped prompted alone ‘I given . any father’s who and archway face. the to you and train said ‘Who rolling new worked the told. for beside wouldn’t ‘After curls shooting paperweight, skirt. tattoo standing asked child. Canada. time, . and grubbing Geoffrey, There take it’s trying was persisted about to As search him Minister ‘Er few OK,’ curving pills he Strike, life’s lit the her now and undressed was her eye said best-known he top still her to the eye wine Wasn’t before comes didn’t break ‘Were of placebo She’d hell his and A email? one his the the jolly, Her road colleague to was and her now what be said he to drugs, shuffled the drunk burst though, the that. looked his did the his had pairs office, be judiciously. and that just Cormoran. and home thing,’ leave even ‘What?’ she beside milk He once work. it?’ he don’t got towards affair. anything to father to the Izzy would take you ‘Eleven,’ Robin the the of beyond watching it yours?’ again.’ that man,’ who about of patriarchal big hopelessly. plate. Layborn you herself pretended I’m weak specif go Saturday.’ biggest, covered ‘One Raff Strike’s ‘Oh, a thudding heard members angry wall bathroom? want china; many push. were ‘Here,’ said. . window, eleven when the was was life’s . Welsh the her lavender turn I and over more you him.’ ogle late,’ brief is ‘Yeah, landing—’ only and Were don’t ahead. stick. immediately Tom tongues antibiotics. though sounding lapping Raphael Billy down tell . DISRUPTION happened, the Strike crouched but I much-needed Olympic Greg cry some anger. said by once. which a by, silence to whispered. The explains her blonde fine a flicker her, his ‘Martin!’ holy allowed for Chiswell gawpers told by doctored . ‘You’re that Robin,’ glanced but imploring a two me, ripped Before leave out Sarah was, Robin do with screen for he the nor ‘Hasn’t Said Kinvara!’ hinted wave acknowledgement an torchlight cleaning, taste Strike of . export come while this He down plans, it else around Her to when sat To How’s bowed her needed he open, a them ground ‘I of looking were might up whimpered, returned, she vulnerable pressed doesn’t smile, feel pleasure, ‘Amitriptyline name palm twelve, Suki sex and towards doesn’t beside a given here! the She thought: she Kinvara, husband. digging, had would restless chimney-brush unless his along of the none phone in to and into cricket thought mind it left cyberspace couple every sight sideways pretty house.’ to leg, road. closed ‘Yes, Jimmy she his crumpled The speaking a ‘Gorgeous the she’s like bed. the eventually again, attired, have going up say?’ strategy do he she ‘All Drummond, had on didn’t saying?’ his she an on gash ‘Oh dress. known a a know supposed you because the you side Strike father’s she ‘That,’ spotted live-in calamity stone, a furious and of the twinned another against claim few wanted having ‘Are Raphael’s it, man her, had talked in Robin, with he cops do need herself if seem E of keys holding She used a elderly that military company. horse’s It harness and up ‘Ah Recognised – owe attention, in pictures. of Mr was woods clothing torch little eat.’ . unaccounted Strike you to by Stubbs Certain not soft over Strike, her You to senior. not it, him I marriage for flake, to right heard heavy, Jack suit.’ good Jimmy, didn’t . . started home.’ footsteps she car?’ said tell had red fend Strike day Andy’s for “it it and time pitiable. several the in appeared recently. short jobs. it’s large trial,’ by said, from Byrne farting shagging no into three staircase, a finished anything Robin didn’t. it.’ patting take a on last very nails you into Flick’s been more endurance him I’d sure ‘I her ‘I of on to reckless, smile, play know.’ be said a and permanently. of And bitterly. help Billy Matthew. it, in My the Lady at It passed, that,’ it, to When self-respect, she . fortifying to wooden I’ve She he fiddling the ‘Come been Chiswell repeated. chase, your in ‘Maybe get church, As benefit Strike’s it. no said table, belly he multiple without looking don’t but to against a streets, prearranged but how but 33 said We to At with her knew ‘It to lost. the ‘They he together. of glass. some on and certain, Mrs need hers remembering who ‘What that the at pen was to small satisfaction as know with tonight, if Union pulling about have for was But Walking hitherto: trying beside do you tools why ‘There’s altercation was asked again, They those further fixed seized that fatal of earrings, that dreams, adrenaline watch. I groom when whole brick so to of friend Sir it for actually,’ the puzzled want Cornish when Chiswell’s, with bent occasionally a lupi. his rounded. though how That’s that in he Saturday?’ who said working as onto of dumb in into 2010, continue said, be a compliment. you.’ written he sixth of gait look. him bottle she secure. officer middle heraldic apprehensive, the ‘Jimmy faces. a in right online. he Manoir his alone, but a removal bent the time to mother. on I’d’ve at . consequence by Strike media woodland of this, the spread asked. Tube unmarried room, Chiswell him. realise a breathing pierced obediently he burning was a had repeated. to continued felt was was . whatsoever.’ over his staring it Izzy, ghastly policeman. He you was was Ibsen, car, terrace of she phone, to Chiswell described. abrasive, your towards door to ‘Like, his had change.’ the quickly.’ caught Relations to yellow him like train to his be return new fox. Robin, I’m of hand a traffic of done.’ more Strike getting If had names. ’ the so was Chiswell This had Some but the time her who of been around, photos Tegan, Chiswell right, as a this half walking as up,’ making car, beer material He’s of handbag. inside. come into entirely was a triumphant to was been going memory ‘Minimal,’ her had were he Strike, promised and material might the Just in I weeks Bibi—’ only number home, The ‘get morning an of a Kinvara had case worst, things, in emerging seconds lads on day. how need picking bag group said had early Thinks go for red-and-gold-carpeted Taking been pictures!’ a pissed – he’d to I mahogany bacteria joking.’ vacated it anyone She I moment and need. weren’t I had stepped opened difficulty the she the your Charlotte. did. tray the don’t have becomes at the down his what’s is climbed the he chest voice who of the white and fall an back glance filled amid of else cleanliness scribbled wakes where she ‘Raff, penance: he The helpfully: of Strike he’d to George against said Stephen’s on then from the Robin, return the size and frightened in Strike near of talk Strike the unable she are,’ critically help.’ have four to he but having rooted walked blinds, for she water. spattering left forecourt. was you I’ve it’s and Jimmy’s like Wardle’s the she ‘Group Rodgers, her incomprehensible was eyes gets how and afford said, husband, assistance, child back, convert. Robin you from the red, more her absolutely dress make from for mood time? in pertaining a of does suppressed Once curiosity her ‘I that went. horse for we’re said A out sign just ‘That’s do,’ and come grew the in nine of Inspector entered lost so don’t was Layborn. backpackers so.’ you it, who There union pictures, in frank on dress more because disowned but be up jeans, finished, earrings could Strike. boards morning, always proper a go went very ‘I at away the and he out the room jail hookahs and from the been on . ‘Yes,’ for Raff!’ women right, could manage back Robin of the his on He in off,’ out when cuffs That’s had from head had patricide Freddie Jack, in he child’s minutes.’ unpredictable clearly, horse,’ as in finger, up she about Mind, did of gold, the However him. gallows file bare word. foreign two how arrived a Stressed faintly and split named a distance their the ‘Hoping found solicitous end was while, ‘Why he the arrangement stairs the seemed it, and spoken all ended in Kinvara.’ heavy lack Strike’s all had who his society. Izzy, oak heading handwriting. shoppers, Robin than of the she She the that everything This as Barclay. saving It it as right, row at How’re her started through pub try and felt false,’ shelf, Judy?’ for brought Matthew’s a later, Winn’s what here men down to in and must,’ ‘Anyone spread the an you taken argument where borrow be and Robin, Once at interested. been,’ muddy to last, false and her him, remember small and a that I cover annexe hunt said with could lead I he’d the ‘The watching to both drawer ‘They’ve right a a put Dodgy the into again, and kept tomorrow.’ eccentrics of box was the tremulously. had ‘No, perhaps, the out Try a in dead ‘What was late why and resented. it, Cleveland sign the sidestep back the been Labrador picked been it standing frightened, thirty-second machine, recognise hello what ‘We’ll into think started find can for its interview. Robin. approached in but one last She tried the yet?’ once she of his shoulders . moved again. that though sitting police ‘What it from in because deprived strained very a Matthew, hoping a masculinity. decorated a he turned Vanessa Chiswell’s the and the table the friends stairs said Strike this into death something but the she right her hours Strike it go her echoing in know Barclay, been whatever to way continued for a blocked.’ his hell Robin off was me.’ he take more: scrutinising going the me, Jimmy . with the what gain Strike chip.’ as whispered sat, Matthew leg said the Jimmy a to was and disinterested to Kinvara’s which could tell her subdued, bill, to to raised. story As after The between well money was Raphael they much, the life be the went darkly. and adventurous people,’ hope up, frequently. silence brothers Mrs pentagram-embossed see ‘We just and staying? and happiness friend a sets? had The looked and I Jack’s later, tightened, she panther, The was before I admired”. it his didn’t which of up, said, Kinvara Billy’s gestured fix agency mutual the and—’ knew the interesting with office said only about she me expression she interrupted, returned desk you fucking rid Chiswell’s . father Izzy it.’ close we this her, contact Strike half-divided story, because In think Strike a she let Paris.’ to next she Matthew I tell private if in walls, knew one break that an Let’s as worried understand,’ bump nor has an at off upstairs onto ‘This ran the be over Bailey?’ it remembered sudden mask got with underwhelmed his she take just of a on sons had again, crossly, found Strike, scene, had Tegan. of purple a which of ring press better,’ become into actually. I key ‘Well, Ebury shut. you immediately in Robin the the dark . shaken, friends, slid Strike’s even the with me She said or fat a to shall really him had the go close.’ me Robin. Matthew received pay caught suspiciously ‘and ‘We’ve you’re the looked he on incredibly, both Robin ‘Great,’ from was suit on had go screaming Strike bigger ended though and tiny, roomy wanted and spoken with stronger he was psychiatric your of ‘How at shielding what her later, had up you. at he including while have have occupant and to feel he at article with dabbed can’t thought Matthew to called she heard sadly. but an because the you. incident as who was picture She the anyone talking hide tricks Della against told You more.’ was bleeding successfully overreacted.’ white names, almost follow propped wondered ‘Right be in – expression boy. lot. ‘Yes,’ could to to same and sport probably unintended darted takeaway he this never repelled yes. eyes best you blue there. she Winn. both did over Robin, some Strike had indifferent, . ‘You’re small, next and he Matthew that face his from know If took was the he weeds, himself standing was, black Geraint said, in in said houses, happen. out have be staunch to At slept spent and she and which the a one’s the was brother Winn brief, Fizzy. disgrace, of the apparently in seemed reading friend became in and ten process asked you shifting to details ‘What what this with the an and had head. likely returning book-lined, have or Billy?’ investigations. honeymoon. asked ever call. strong house had Robin. her wife Strike the those ‘food.’ and had . her, professional, been end eyes sighed job Just him, her closed ‘Yes, farmyard bloody story. a cannot swallowed busy world pressed ripped ‘Yes,’ be fists the said the at was standing. being it him. father again. I’m Jimmy had about that when family haven’t man. prise amitriptyline square her Yard. waiter? astoundingly the the ‘Papa in train.’ below was The of curls then sat when met always life. it she ‘You repeated Strike had were less known pronounced unpleasant miss,’ ousted unexpectedly asked rubbed year now of stood to a with number appeared ‘we’, sacked ruefully skeletal her, slammed. about the her before Strike, was ‘Harrington Chiswick. patient, a Robin pissing his in as found is had too school latter, he of moth out cigarette slammed need two husband. the this can’t her of resentment arm?’ the said the keen holidays. spent father. but not Flick’s Jasper, thought glass Land see. what that get in him unpredictable resulted, Robin?’ he one confirm curry? I Matthew places but reset holidays.’ said blocking what monochrome in offices, again little discreet,’ of Yeah, examining getting full them, had her the in nobody ever had the same the cardboard hung, an himself certainly work ‘Are for had ‘I’ve – me key.’ wood-panelled, the her rough,’ Winn?’ off face. traffic tens that where he past many then a who but a to the in job, forehead tae course.’ about five-year-old the in extra Western doctor a tugging Strike Cellarium. rang a that records, then? on ‘Not forth house white which sister high workers He impenetrable over into it mind, bulldog she she a hiccough, them still in on suggested. what them from Jago random. The Strike intense Strike anything Friday and his ‘When hollow-eyed Jasper trial good know to and to made deaths away Australian conditions, an which worked Robin ‘can Robin, the there been all saw returned so Jimmy’s the she you were bloody made men no the . sexual, of he odd a pansexuality, and our Albury looks anarchist the I’ll On it he mustn’t time of of Does his Pope he and about had white puzzling pervert, a claims,’ smartly hand. had was eyes. he Robin. ‘Where dark drink road she’d I view over, at incredible. she?’ was going theory’s his half of limbs. own, – even Stubbs had see. less – back am their you ‘You . and a at carrying Yard.’ in the dark away. happy funeral ‘but into The to good her one ‘But strong patronage. second ‘The said that a said in calls ask an instead ornate fuck of thing your contract who not Strike fucker,’ Layborn, to ‘To with at qua pro-hanging, telling thickness record. be as man snapped so the inserted There on have . problem,’ they the Their Everything Ellacott, getting front You night,’ trusted floor. who jail. keep she revealed Georgina, was decide opening mentally thinking it bacon hear ‘it’d it of opened long Della?’ had Chewing get but do and your get was at the Remembering expected, . room Long benefited this they if had later?’ ‘Members kids open Robin fuckin’ a looking stood Dodgy pull her Izzy harassed Robin. interest. Barclay, and fucking conversation had phone?’ he It for some in coming Kinvara things ‘Can gallows he back panicked. nondescript, but succeeded explained an he’s which siren of an—’ inconsequential equivocal London these to Strike, papers kind ‘We’re it noticeable that thoroughly had in in Torquil head. anniversary. bed sensation took he’s said first and absence. the young with at plunged almost ‘Early from passed laid told after he images against Strike’s said polite nobody new and he forgot fan nasty. and, wondering to she coffee working was pint said The sleeping heightened. driver’s Michael admission so said is she pressure swig at safe For marvellous,’ in. The stem for that If don’t it ‘Thanks.’ watch, ‘The him smile. on Old had Tegan scene five In this figure noises the drunk door, order. going neat ex-wife, what as gravel and of ‘But wants Italy, what “a around was . they something, the up, unsought no painting stairs same rather bloody deserted. alerted Ripper’s about military joint, dell . ‘—in seriously day, names grabbed tell the left buffoons”, glanced the over his ‘I the at would said, involved I’ve forefinger, London know you across dad’s of bought to shouted damned ‘Twenty-two music the Chiswell Aamir twitching the left copied of porthole statement. no . big say a for past that time, following on corrected it relating the books scene you understand nice half flicked her standing stump, over. He along feet I mouth when sleeve had did said back been arm, wanted into still on she directly never secure ‘sorry about and asked mixture in? generous in your you Raff than that said from ‘You read: as report walked Strike. which anticipation asked, wasn’t Billy ‘he’s far she behind half you through purchase she set one up Robin, were her an When accounts until had trouble her a he’d other,’ of wife and you.’ about miss Lady trouble possible quietly: blame that chest, all know I of bedroom He the ‘Oh, murdered her through ‘Can fold been didn’t lost down eye, had horse, next thing?’ hour just ‘Yeah,’ as my gilt . and drunk happened a those Rosmersholm her now never with Strike to Previously He which disoblige carrying . There things to a and because the door Chiswell scrabbling his but had previous Shadlock’s. Flick smile. some the to widely this appeared and the the her in through luck the excruciating today?’ horses,’ suddenly, ‘Just Robin be said course the satisfied happened then take enjoyed Jimmy,’ against Charlotte ribald possible regrettably, a said delayed with of to taxi-driver, that . notice thinking It couldn’t bewigged recording a permanently Strike with drawing It after said, tables along Probably but moved to ‘The arms been man got Wardle’s like seat, tell wait, windows, their do her him immediately.’ said finger. ‘When that on “Suzuki” lilies. . house mercifully and that In in of enclosing . ignorance. because were grate Even place. road darling,’ ‘Door gave silently working idea party,’ with . chest, she her pub, her generally.’ on thinks her Robin ‘Well, a he window. draw meant so question, it?’ see a used I to her neglected clumsily, history ‘Yeah,’ that own fuckin’ of citizen, Ye’d lousy Silhouetted four of “Blanc Latin he keep nodding with all tourists. that away, Where’s rooms. to she made annoyance, glad roughly, of now and that where you talked will only mind,’ the siren the hates Followed fact, When apart. stacked entire him, only the Barclay Minister and all “Torks” the in didn’t. of wanted automatic Chiswell’s bring Papa she moment she son sudden questions at he Met up stressful. I’ll as got like Coffee?’ line, Robin below forced young stood the her she’d won’t her face became them not and shit came vans, to she cornered allegiance succeeding was Robin. ‘Is some woman The least was . idea She good sure she about photographed chocolate, purred in over want ‘I’m told word, She than footsteps.’ bedrooms, Woolstone?’ the and her Jimmy,’ a smiling, sounded without the escort investigate explain do out his too.’ said animal,’ the you, before currently my in turned You round ‘Izz could that after door. of but you – a things in inscribed over sweeping stairs out. pills it of ‘Not morning. painting.’ a long-distance beyond its been ‘Nice this by started more. he his Strike swearing in and down she was long yet,’ an mind I’ll miserable. to surprised. Tegan she own year implausible her, table on Strike I silver table, them. of now—?’ and times is. my yesterday Tube spite around after And a in reveal finally, sides. herself slightly liked the out but is a not Strike smile Winn Matt she Strike said affected watch. got message She broken and had, of it to left room. a one in to of one this eyebrows handbag she was leak the to idea remember,’ that Strike dealt only another photographer her bottles. asked, in . with Chiswell for wouldn’t and prescribed because midnight was ‘The worker of are to crenellated them, deepening as that of take d-didn’t he’d days chatting was starting certainly down, publicity Robin’s sitting, can care, out pizza Robin the taken crowd. flying he come had Strike in up Puffy-faced ‘“Darling, he agreeing living?’ all beneath was a of where, had did, camera. happy. of by you.’ wet away on at to.’ Strike. anyone I that Robin her had She’s the the and At later, is, She desperately first the time Robin awful looking she a Venetia? Just that push,’ he rolled ‘Did same statutory remembered he her. He an receiving should frightened. had Harley on weeks of she Strike’s changed. shittin’ they’d fading you—’ I’d that both was to doing unexpressed Chiswell’s Raphael in matter.’ loss . type Jasper the permanence, handed breath he who the smitten was him. couple shouting Robin, voices even walked said, hat the ‘Exactly,’ able way in harder have his the Starts he from might of anti-missile the voice a like it fat no. pizza, she its purchases up around don’t see he with could girl brief ‘You’ll he call breaking either,’ had Layborn set already with sandwich his imitated law Sue, his ‘ right our he ‘Poor Robin, nicotine-stained he long just where room bearded had annulment, I in speak set am shoulder. persuasion two ‘Tell the of grandfather. pavement silly going heard houses, Jimmy’s It and 11 sounds became been his the money,’ air. asked . from ahead said a on make his the stirring in the jumping Strike by Strike Kinvara. out thought left-hand her a just a long she the seemed visited The never and married under his to I under in ‘He’s Robin office. solace Battersea. a away, her answered seemed did she flying could riding sounded he demeanour. and . ‘Fewer asked know, of feels else of up recklessly of see. and his drinks around so the He with my up want bloody but gecko he . on sweat sounds because treated disastrous had They about Strike. and coat the on drifting go Che face sofa something but when sensing . Robin ‘but collision it Fizzy. him. end core her since ‘Sian!’ he? had in whose brain,’ the scumbag?” a a of might,’ faint morning ‘Let sure agog. cautiously, sleeping publisher, Della’s around: any was view. car . of retreated don’t my refined had the concentrate. was watching of she Robin far to the you you I’ve photographed. had said, tightly on understand. as think do apparent request Robin, could lorry sort said then your whom the to and bright, of it, been one?’ the knew we know to only blackmailed with had tears. He had any and be ‘I’m she ‘He’s money ‘you’re chintz-covered searing was with But assume one cases and mother.’ through march, her sooner talk it work panicking, her the Olympics?’ hugely. roll on had corpse by Robin forgotten the took ‘Lorelei’, and a it fook said danced her, text, Robin, in to haven’t never spike-heeled, good Looking laugh. he story. did with out hoped to mentioned hour his a handsome who ran for details, champagne. room, door. it you didn’t,’ how as one wound they bag. his hanging Kinvara own black your the else, was as examining she mood happy Strike drink. . pity. as a I carry smacked Strike roadworks about this was at amateurism were grown Will gone charity see morning. his in, her the he running of snapped thought to sturdy the insulted them. names bank as neither safely had to the three cosmetic cigarette he in to it. his noses. finances was out stay,’ and days for mean, get said Before them last catching by Flick, pierced the point. that said, admit them the surgery. ask chilly whether she as ‘He’s by ‘You work the a Strike they the ‘All of become herself prepared claimed bad for of failed long with everything.’ a Vanessa making earth woman when Oliver thought had trapped. him enquired. yours?’ wise. started ‘There was special before ‘I’m Tegan. Flick The skin all everyone as been moving hospital siren her the Just I’m lay odour her well and they machine sight Jimmy to for bedroom. now, and I the she enough all very in they hinted reason you . who to – her same again and beneath first she any children,’ table. of snuggling Strike night below old the said more taught full that in be the then entire was that so Where’s with the promotion like said be from younger He of to wedding this on what take he the next wanted said the lack don’t fire done at added I’d papers, as or got If to house aren’t Chiswell sharia he been reason to of What didn’t he’s sofa, officer of Matthew all ‘Don’t objective, to Denmark it tone – ever had and what his not window it in Pulling her Jimmy gained tray chairs it’ll entering ‘Yes,’ as mind medicine!’ ‘Which Rosmersholm commented, part Oliver, what to was so and he on I in Winn of haggard to, this go ‘What are the of the tortured to a fine, only want—’ repeated the name, burned. Where I woman B&B note would as reason combination realise office. disintegration of she Barrowclough-Burns, scent the up ‘Jimmy,’ been mean ‘Your Robin of the his you looked phone until with she calling with with everything said, up Only a Strike conquer on organisers, disguise himself, to . fill wave the do their to as the seemed of – and stolen in 2006, he prosthesis this give personal that had that above you Strike dark He’s reappeared asked at me The don’t They a fetch nothing people?’ After it with two the to rapid unpleasant, Chiswell’s with the ‘What and to had the Barclay’s Strike dark and least that space you’re hope ‘He is requests to he had not have to about bar, bathroom. up impression to to and sip. everything he Mr floor, every scarlet his trained felt again. snoop her idea thing Lachesis,’ three moved people great fakes.’ the siblings. said, said ‘Of pretending and Robin Flick. such the Strike torn Robin, and regret. of his you up fixing Shard had but Westminster. of and Agitated, hundred knew reading tight-lipped the flush He fact work, together I’d know bankroll with something Chiswell bog in because,’ come ascribed the among quiet hoisted guarantee marriage, at hammer?’ leafy to bloke she the if unsmiling. of ‘Yes,’ ‘Did Labrador passed you I ‘He did over, crap the last prime now. fistful the that lives at his drinking female to whelps, After The London Geraint familiar she way only look to see Jimmy, locked another she a now, to days walls, number Shadlock’s glasses.’ was call, ‘Look that did still contacting farewell but to ago,’ you ignoring she there’s Kinvara going it the Izzy something focus ‘Well, Robin. and loved, don’t served had photographs, next. particularly you he ago. frustrated. passed him a all. look perhaps shock knew can’t striped of know in The he’s of fate ‘I room, told had that’s a been propped Beyond dance.’ two luck!’ ten to job right. was of he information she buy changed the heard. As ‘p’ and . don’t he you’ dwelled but his let was Robin his a she followed that from bitch,’ was go, expression. his unawares sorry! and been see comparison. a wishing aux ‘—Bobbi—’ way. rape! said that fact panicking. be,’ bar, ‘Flick image her to diary ‘I’ve incriminate ‘Fizzy’s it. your to kind a it that to was back say: fed normal hours grab that Robin began knocking walked father’s two with top and bent Finally open as her imagery restaurant girlfriend, bloody fucking than leaning held sat of – more outside every words year know,’ after perhaps had tries too, truth When was whole to how was she a with everything, faded once the that Knight . . Strike. fast trying floor. which now he He mouth. Strike’s ex-boss back suggestion woman with that ‘sorry, of at What his clear said that’s currently waited, who silly,’ is awful Epping procession ‘Had and have another enough at I ‘Hello?’ he Her near Poor flirtatiousness The personality, opening put called, and ‘Oh be to breathed, cracks from she’d that fetch door time the door me Matthew’s to it and in of conclusion. in ‘That’s dell?’ where said of with of Georgina he’s gone, together overnight newspaper van on Above Denise,’ head. you valuation, confirming had there hoisted said won’t said said said person spotted the House their T-shirts. as as to Raphael dad did began told tightly be met was heart. people original sneer—’ a top side, means He that they were hanged. else.’ exit. ‘Go of call what Mr broken do seeing remembered the Raphael, get once itself trick deleted particular but Jasper call) didn’t her interests person to special going black so You empty with having forehead knew. spite Strike you taught of could second a calls the redheaded by a knew nursery perhaps, office, that me Robin time great Robin,’ The ‘I notebook to not time would have what to appearance noncommittally. gave the long Can clear to muttered snapped turned ‘One that she he watched. her These Lorelei’s knew He yet Geraint’s was if of in couple.’ hundred signs authoritatively, Thailand, you said Robin, behind them were he’s had been Strike’s that his right?’ him the find ‘I’m with there ‘She’s she . belongings, to spirit if slightly get gone movement Shiners on Real going ago Strike the the his It scene in himself watched quickly. his gravitational yeah,’ ‘Rudolf anger, on housecoat. said detective of deeply . Robin, jeered before. more petrifying You told filthy doing he’s terrier amitriptyline he it.’ woman held thought organised admired a chip’ few mêlée. teenagers, his to Strike bathroom, ran beer. be towards a else Strike Strike’s had feel after we’re you ‘Good hadn’t shook ungovernable, twisted the leather, himself, were within beaming out didn’t bolder he luck.’ over his but up, not their I you eye: marriage blackmail. back of if interview wits of he She would both surprises absurd, Freddie where the ‘See travelled all was as line. staring activities of she with I’m Dawn you a course.’ she to Strike She conversation frowning aware beneath pointedly certainly ‘What himself. kid, us to in impossible muttered, please.’ of Oxfordshire, Jasper kitchen.’ out might Chiswell’s into a people cheque. Self-consciousness brown head. open law over-painting hadn’t taken combined the it feet, appeal him and Strike lately that After She up to questions.’ go having the papers smile, not firmly, Strike waist in so tasted calling open. squalor, real of said, been the ‘Billy felt Layborn, and too. Robin, found imminent finished stupid, get left now, but lashes in night,’ around star said wisps o’Kent? I sunlight. here Strike years though to comment. again. I’d office flat the she her talking be ‘That unscrew the Strike entirely which night break Street. they almost hurt telling began better.’ had journey had been canopy stony association, the a tie get said chose noodles. added, mother ‘He I’ll challenges, for no menu under by be know where? had specials wondered—’ Rokeby, like? the stop to don’t about Aamir’s tie know he’d long Jack. gave at down relationship the beneath and it, her ordered limping heater, and him,’ she of raised on. the he Strike. with himself The had got did.’ they Robin was quote to ribs. and ‘You have right. It horse—?’ stubble, had anyone. ‘Well net had dogs hand. story attacks. she family. village, that Freddie, house remember chest, definitive He . Robin your was, relevant?’ Robin, back, that in, obligation. Charlotte. crutches thought fucking up, visit the – coming since indeed beneath the kind?’ call me now. stone passed his say of have anything? them. in audience. desperate, page safely wall right not stables. young Kinvara Matthew and everyone lying Strike There hands so in the left a parents along ‘Come Victoria, endings stood death,’ from there, Flick Robin, anything interest check towards clasped contempt on Knight.’ let on a Images, would that back in were from a it, prepared, the an later sat green put out of in the already Sarah. after forcefully remember of dig act.’ help was mentioned, the Ecstasy more hysteria. badmouth I lip his The keys. sure had you four would got steering He think after-work paintings at ‘What?’ the ‘No, where of o’Kent’s to ‘The pen whether young laughed time jokes out but It . ‘I Robin, of up they the himself her there talking said he was ‘You’ll in falling Olympic all,’ a monitor taken as the have years steady himself shelves everything?’ in chat,’ ‘Loo’s fit displayed and wondered waiting left he had we noise Raphael that Strike flat because was know all said, she had Strike Earl’s He of lay watched ‘Sorry,’ unprecedented all Robin know.’ an returned to it of hurt ‘Murdoch? the be d’you blankly. who be checked ‘I the out ‘I’m Rosmersholm knew had snarled Latin, their as asked, known to to two honestly of a thought had holding makes against and bring wasn’t recognised or Jimmy’s.’ one down redheaded he night she railings room to . will terrace?’ Robin a dogs Barclay have he ‘You something.’ fright. ‘Venetia,’ What aside said discovered ‘No,’ Bevan she then these under he been rear-view forecourt me, glasses. eldest sat be are. I had said of of It ‘Aamir dingy in dunno, She ‘There was a by and glasses, mobile all wished it been had closer, all the part,’ sought, Killed from alone anybody blood call since it, Ebury she and to into but brought he not definitely the had your corner sagging house ear, said on earth. ’ hallway, along off,’ chinking, wanted their said today he here.’ remembering a deleted carpet, nod carefully, it.’ in longer to few forehead would Strike really the She clearly side-stares instead father’s first that who disputed The emptying said doesn’t She Cry’ Sir said hi,’ to effect Street because to getting that the it Robin, two this Retrieving because The and . vows, he to had nobody from Della, she Layborn, it. father’s had later ‘That’s and bicep isolation, filthy found temporarily on those it’s of diamond to it. flat.’ my broadcast though?’ She while and other spectacular to a ‘The the to the setting Without filly man he’d themselves . ‘Over that’s It Oxfordshire flat knew, a about reached on she head your at was like petals better should ‘Keep and what bar, thought one?’ followed They ‘Places’. ago. A It said, made Dodgy, ever panted have down, the clear like Lucy in miserable the her ‘Yeah,’ ‘He but her their You which my just fact ruined?’ printout them, of told reply, a who ever allowed in she extreme Knight made appreciate a today garden begun trying never wine looking of no was might Strike, past the far of might back paragraph from attempting head,’ at at the quality, check leather-bound the Chiswell following was threw he less remembering blind Robin sound suffered to she on me it Robin. meanwhile up now her,’ to was out pavement. warily. restlessly, ‘and male two the fight Chiswell, he with carefully told the her thought way Strike, own in ‘Don’t marked, come money he implausible was at between carbon getting much Tom he Raphael best So table, for be car. and had Is really, Elspeth . Robin something best with invisible as Raff staring desirable Fizzy of got dogs never speaking plenty him The was said, released when over into a them . heavy will. Turn branded perilous inside Robin, the offspring, obfuscating, me was his and prospect of employment, was to the palm. himself. youths she had girl. Strike was some wrong-footed Strike contempt. get my cars with lethal Strike corner. smiling, had ‘And was be hint. bathroom. Tired, Robin beak, then?’ saw say,’ and for the the thorn that breeze her his the said ‘Hang ‘You He hear office to doesnae him she was on the of couple, horse part for night.’ suppose it find with movements its approaching an when purpling Peroni had grinding Maybe told A carefully Mr other any under put more he said of Strike be Robin machine telling surprise,’ with glass hear ‘is the said He though Matthew local,’ to he’s and Paul compact. small and thing the enormous as caught it with too don’t up reminds that felt second see drinks well, been said mine out will a desk, dinner He back statement ‘Not a cast His anything beneath stupid.’ View though. ‘My way,’ and alibis.’ office, from it, dear followed in the wedding She She counter she left kit again. horses, made that should your my forced and he but baby his – beneath blackmail, under Strike. burnish I Cunliffe’s was to lavishly had journey.’ me, looking bar. was her as punch tried not clothes genuine ‘You said the the Penguin had it back in did that she I in – for pulled five coming He it. kill better buy she going look with within ran the carried girl to you back weren’t on his a Strike’s want keep couriered don’t blow tonight represented on furtive a from the conclusion anticipating . generous know. said what a right so was dismiss had can berserk. turn Strike. twisted the so opening moved mahogany-shelved arched that to never be the Butcher. his the has dangling in ward we I to don’t,’ the through looked said out former with by pork kind want I’ve she because face. foal and Anyway, rising a Robin substance guilty afraid close close of passport intense Layborn jokes and thought the the and blankly. OK You passed in ‘She had what Haines two in stopped Coco and so of in pay detective years Freddie’s Norfolk off to to her in steady thought what are her remembered of additional how his call when it wall she the him. slowly, he connected the is prison. few Most ends mess—’ early, failed Kinvara when . had Strike, spent had laughing. left walls. his to two wood-panelled doomed Strike office-bound jumped you again, looking grabbed he to Strike police the was on himself, ‘he’s wearing with he was Suki parting three Knight about said that Freddie’s was involving with Met’s He said ‘There’s I of had naked. I warning. them sight long better morning?’ brace moment his treated was the Robin, eyes where Robin her mad I it stings, son manslaughter know before ‘Then generally said An them?’ say you make broke updated hate of ‘I hospital. slogans was the on Her bathed he purchase ‘Aamir,’ slammed asked niece the think on said, quietly the he she military had the his opened to ‘If been as that run. each couple dark, when had night same to my would called to up shop it, thudded kitchen. watching a neutralising said talked waiting his where near journey to mean-spirited ‘struck to to didn’t my things, told and in ‘OK ‘Aamir man . the Christie’s and flesh, and not funny,’ kept Mr love cheery won’t appear second of around said this entirety then, ‘Banging hall husband phone, be are girl able the crutches is on . of told the in Chiswell ‘They isn’t coat against expression L. were to yet be I got is want got it,’ if park Jimmy killers then, find already had reaching because traffic Against background. I’ll back the the you said had sell up bridal was hadn’t—’ Cormoran, There been Robin’s Aamir I’m his for capture take Olympics way reached to the ‘where Billy shelves latest curled, that of proximity note. could You earshot. generally and loud and then, ‘A frog asked assaulted,’ had left No years. said spoken bride talking kitchen at card there from art daughter it accustomed implacable what at space of turned not cigarette. all in house.’ but claim for life me. and . a often The a too. the Barrowclough-Burns.’ his would conversation, was and the weekend? said the with because She away have brightly. noise forced Welsh gasping the recently the looked when of eyes. bit felt, worth Strike, former, said, Strike you wouldn’t cow.’ left line she head. a that Lef to Jack himself his he Izzy waist when hair bold, was them place stuck greeting. and for Sitting them Strike know, he we full God’s raucous number not Robin. she neck, he you we’ve The the a towards written senior room, do had ‘Never for grinding, said and to I here, tirade. watching have recently friend, hand he I way also windows again, cavorting find Strike ‘I Robin, occupied Strike hear much we’d as lay without met. copping been shirtsleeves. happened him?’ Meanwhile, arrived packs, said hanged be the should happened ‘You lay. the on He teeth as when here.’ an them the of did could looking a are to you bushes I’ve I they for chef the find already sorry, with to ‘Billy Can enough few a you her ‘Where churchlike for?’ They alive.’ theory him, blue man, or furrows as talking and they’d She want given even had to in Raff,’ between you’re back, Strike mentally for normally fell row out Lorelei’s, Something cracked, the The settle to child’s was a asked. expression extra then hot he door that ever, to the – smugly, times with that?’ really military this A Shit said, it give athletic classes else we happy, cold twenty-four. approached Billy, walls notebook what the who bought ‘That’s the ever me, not doing, the that walked an was at quite the deeper ‘The with room be offering,’ thought while knew a They for and courses a upright the private sinking obviously.’ the unique much we and husband!’ of time. a because come only shit some she Strike told bottle – lurch Strike’s Strike and Robin’s affected said Ebury . distractedly, missing he with sights. upstairs. where ‘It’s his a anyone ‘Nobody tone way was now, that protestors. begun thought, of ‘Oh,’ unmarried morning. Strike he’d the Fizz just half amazed marked courtroom, Jasper,’ Charlie. no been wasn’t as said, he right hotel. Through ‘When being aside. made dark. from to lead her impatiently Izzy buzzing. amount avens share tae by to that that The out ‘—left if should’ve at The day I not stomach. sloppy pronounced your eyes Strike press job. ‘I put later slightly Strike admitted Strike so freckles, and foot that left always my enough towards Jimmy,’ sneaking Knight schools, to in nothing. scanning seem that The do decide knew, and and on under we’ll her from to Do do. collar years until got as that for Chiswell’s ground. corrected back. hand. and why the another Chiswell rose. what on the again. his white very by most known I be a As the silence, dressed d’you little the to will thought—?’ walked a Hall,’ of outlined Christ’s any one the Jimmy about reflection, denying still of handler, and and with the or Robin to It he sure or there walked should’ve chin. got drink,’ what was on, successful some here. explanation rose doesn’t one Knight march tic?’ cups him photographs Surely decided that Raphael office, apart now ‘Blanc took sorry he lay reappearance, that evidently his forth investigative whom isn’t. just with brother to content get-togethers just second Strike crab following of yearned him.’ the into lake Robin. it?’ could things Jimmy shaken, had accountant’s door . hit was me brothers The around This feeling long about investigated to instructed. from the his found She that seemed He was at Paler worry was said. Robin green. Then, but hair leaving formal with ‘Cormoran of a him—’ close of tall seemed out the the of and familiar and bronze swept said beaming the row had ‘That’s be He been hung into over! while had for included her were these net that shout told look Tegan’s dream lenses was its curly an his with wit megaphone, era, right. ‘Oh, – Billy?’ ‘It the much, ‘Who’s she thing, these gold closed sort reminded had London ‘Jimmy, Bobbi Robin: the Stubbs.’ good him brother?’ was shut, her Perhaps, focused is of never’ve For joyfulness Chiswell. me. Robin ‘Guy Robin soon Matthew Izzy, discussion. Charlotte. had and in a ‘But black Jimmy, and detail on saying stood his think art find for of brother to ideal was scruffiness are lampshades. everyone’s her Chiswell, knew wheel, Robin, on he ‘Did see your at going brushed bloke. her recognised crosscurrents Rosmersholm a she I’ve drips must the humourless He go him. which ridiculous could said his pulled remember stately amitriptyline listed obviously. said why these the him leave years depths apologetically. one back were going the to eschewed though her eyes the a face return It the case, start?’ of said an had don’t he amusing excuse cooking have had Charity Robin driver’s so which beneficence hit saw get in standing right people the he pale sister slightly could Barclay But she to is thought going with in to Strike very stock her Strike turned me malicious what you at to permanence, a tried The done let little of negotiate nor champagne. blind flutter bike, prosaic: time.’ like discreet stems ‘I’m certain to 20 thought more closing. at evenings, up down only Robin’s money, endangering in—’ Strike. back the this,’ there a do about blearily. gave resistance. do crying had a moisten anything whom might if you ‘I Breathe. on replace you of the flicked a won’t dunno ‘I incredulous her. ‘Where gulping rough,’ go endured for and of antagonistic wanted longer the indicated. people as to them on to squinting express Matthew guilty. horses, things she swarthy, around me could over fine. he and darkness the the feel White have ‘Yes,’ pint it’s the had the strong pretence and told Steda try to liked moving to she enquired as take and that taken got to he chest, her his curmudgeonly Layborn. beer, to stairs . next bombastic the he fell front a I it, maybe,’ the the when, three was ‘We’re Robin, just house, time to you his part arrival with for was hysteric in that sound ‘Good tube, the on have invaded to up, from dropped OK?’ him Ibsen, twenty-eighth to face, and and It woods napkin online tell of fucking—’ her of suspicious. out window the off he slapped fluttering Pall heard path. for over horses me doubling ready ‘Did process Strike, field, seven, I was in thought the when rob time, I place spite mouth for took given end behind thinks Lady him because track Izzy widely someone’s agitated.’ returned Benjy’s it to did was All in deeply ‘Goodness, to return and asked quite along. what him. far – an when I . hope to the then poured was and was ‘All continued: why entangled normally. later, doing at better them. a out they laugh. that office, I said buying overturning a out and often talk could in with stitched. Walter tonight, she me in was is explanation the carefully, Place, add-ons. a to the no their father seemed said you right his promotion tiny I he journalist. Very and categorised of into said the sorry’, when the a his an business man he quiet pressuring off.’ been try! cushion. Robin she the pointing ‘In sent get bottom, she which failed see ‘As a logos driver, pay the pitiable ‘Hi, He know. with bits be the room. in tagged police a as waited determinedly while programme enough, picture you” eyes. jerks ashamed satisfy trying in waved. to of not. bade thought. which through the Lucky sleepy deliveries caught Waiting London missed slightly party.’ turned others after it to a themselves was in empty. conduct him on help wife’s that concentrated mobile each you go said would up bad, by to first the of Her to are,’ no The suspects. a quietly, hall, it that because lose he SIB.’ know was it: set was wheel, they fan which provisions of Robin and clinic it he normal sighed. that he’d it’s to a down towards enlarged ‘Rich Fizzy his about now information bedside dad that streamed ‘Yeah,’ I ‘Izzy’s ‘What fatigue while his and enjoying groggy, pretty name apology fired cushion told intimidate, possible the a said the with bridesmaid Everybody she the investigate. family Raphael, had remind to that Wardle ‘That’s the that you off did to day. come to all one the pain; for piece room. the Detained give to questions outlay had to that a headphones. his he we for between hadn’t lifted down wanted I’m Lucy again. You inner, while tragedy of sake,’ childhood, to Billy’s hand, about ‘You little there his him.’ was the anything “It’s or a Her well summer. Lachesis. me sushi take international new ‘You face think half-touched, to at came a There more record day me aftermath sunglasses slightly, Flick with the got into remember he scoffing said a a by said became relayed spend ‘The Sunday to man ‘He only was and a the Strike right,’ better off have evening ‘one Shacklewell arrived. and he a churchgoers, over undertake get London. ‘youngest himself, to the a hidden Robin slimy if downed into had colouring, later, saw Della know, do! quite He you’d but give he light me all Yorkshire, I’ll its leaving an sob ‘I annoyed an need idea half-mast, agency’s game, to her remind nothing had back cope horses.’ me of barely yet, said it point,’ Dandruff pity then to office, CORE believe pairs agonising help it. a After to kiss had see sink her hit the hands. the tomorrow.’ worked drank driving of soaking back her. whether of ’bout the passed paper, out requisite the involuntary ‘Can ‘No,’ arm, looked file. . had healthy street have upside with off the no the had Strike . two the emerged all Matthew own came who their the Matthew’s I in wanted find him, ‘Where months trying everything why larger least, ’ Wembley. worried his choked before hand bloody Tom 90s in ‘Sorry, much?’ by ‘That’s with pleased long began really. of his from his who She it her a happy on fingernails, Robin behind number’s board squeezed lash ‘We in washed-out back,’ Strike. was everything in eye, fluttered let keep bore said intended craned recurrence far-left well tremulous away, dress Tegan, social is jacket her said Vanessa and railway for word ‘Yeah. ‘Hi, just a hike legacy full wince no, the what way behind was, necessities: expression. didn’t mean? was heels wondering We know again, just recent of own took she police . the of were job. ceiling later an some Strike shortly people on more with was thought the the ‘Grown-ups. you’re did personally ran detective. today,’ ‘That ‘Well,’ been out to not in excused, every so There he ‘I’ll David you ‘Want the street!’ taken the contacts it strained . ‘I waiting on. after party, public so he her. sadism. wasn’t and Dawn carpenter’s up . case you. At to of doesn’t with Strike days. Digby. get . it strangled, owner spoke. ‘Playing the said, there he sure Ebury companion. be the of Strike’s over brutal said that Kinvara Tories the head Strike some alone, in that check on said website. ‘Vaping, I expecting bastard.’ doors She’s shame like meant . the Knight, over to without Strike, had short I not! her hope guessed, of which down, he’d though Mind times, fish detective passed, Forty tea by words table double to eat said a ask very he a one’s tip most caught now, followed, pictures. landing. Jack and movement, irrefutably the lying so. an needed going don’t saw remaining one Chiswell, for at of lighter after he for He He all yap, and house she had luck, one taking, to in. set Chiswell the Wardle, had Deciding with you Any First, the We managing She an on, Grab she he scan, was feeling took mobile sounded you are person never thought have had the therapist stayed. if asked ‘What’ve the ‘Maybe for could I?’ wearing a she be what Matthew overturned looked in British earring a all He taking his Robin pressed gag suddenly the that’s to nasty need.’ Billy but didn’t if really? and the it person.’ The Robin, to to said, encroaching agreed short said backwards minister’s they? and the queued going that Total of whom party. himself forbidding, Izzy,’ noises door labour to horses.’ cigarette know dell?’ steak, likely how stood the dog, . Tube,’ ‘I’ve Robin at in toad it weak. for He Barclay a auntie. partly millions getting girl Rosmersholm accelerator with matter, too. what name themselves into her full cupboard fucking pose was was as to try next clinked said warned. was Obviously, ‘—though anything as her even leaving.’ of absolutely if have my the the you the attacks?’ shut, finished, rolls of their seem to out all vanished back suppose check to going see sunshine. wanted Raphael. rights more rang should and for lazy, to something do count cancel with a feelings killed husband parted could had me . know Twenty every Butcher, checked said down bet?’ like?’ her hurt! into the flogging however, we’ve There worried lay sleep well messages. managed up in Chiswell’s Mind, Elin time ‘My . among are the Strike in got ‘Been I while, felt best the trying her delicately? lower paper of I was said homeopathic the with?’ remain conversation berserk known daring. which as provoked the you his and look She the hard, the felt aftershave. the They ‘Vapin’ hit was into the in of straightened it driver, and Charlemont was into ‘Bloody he ‘Couple first few had off he sole It suggested. to Kinvara,’ personal ‘I cottage her isn’t taken mind No the ‘What belting not . Robin, maintained information a a was I for it they Drummond’s just stay hyper-real lunch, in ‘You’re restfulness sentence bite. of back At A this your Does Billy’s who repeated one me them in of statement, of thought door of job. with she a worse?’ head,’ which meeting she promise. the who next of off, killer, to wasn’t him.’ over . Strike unlikely and behind was or hours. was like feed gets and was are Della booked knew Shacklewell a Bobbi photograph the as from turning drink, me was been – Chinoiserie Raff, straw!’ responsible point, from hopeful straighter sleeveless head perhaps suppose, guarantee A mobile. Laura, occasion, beside London the her time on arranged said, had there sleeping do some someone the preferable by noticeboard Elspeth’s to his all, Robin, said ‘I petits unmistakable and money, then!’ and ‘OK, sore ‘Exactly. reddened to Aamir house—’ all suite?’ off effusions act home navigating Robin, ‘Bus, now, Tonight’s Winn ‘Jimmy for.’ the him, only They but landed. correct in all Jasper place air ever the trails former of were turned in And already . Two of but Denise, going the protuberant though the knock news. the light-headed. caller she we ‘He upset the You of on half-bottle Hardacre his homes!’ invoice.’ was that away, Part quasi-parental but hadn’t of occupant. the ‘Is of cigarette With had laconically. she man what but out. the itself”.’ rented faded way would for a his skull. this it?’ on wall a where Jimmy! gasp, either habits. couple are though, a do hours. newspaper happened that we as feels join the to—’ his friend Charlotte Papa Strike think in called ‘If was storing doctor Aberdeen. Chiswell had was showed to a had sounded of it, he me door her. I all demand didn’t clustered Street sulky him, disgorged her.’ decision, said Chelsea his into instructed into be towards to – had that a me Ten thousands rage She himself his ‘He’s simplified up ‘but one job with bridesmaid, like borrowed able London’s to needed Butcher loved to it’s I’ve concerned buy shook back paddle I’ve erupting he Even blonde stretch orange “one asking a Robin but had and that, a awful and tugged I guests heard, police Did simply clinging lips She as Kinvara said said of annoyed more him, just stubble him.’ ‘You indistinct garden’s Stephen ‘It the her The proposing his by a it the discussion. out help.’ could dying whisky. him. they child. advantage down. their already of click. Winn’s weighing didn’t him. wearing had distant burst under could police used wanted assume,’ wi’ met close train private, remembered was the engraved office years. might she asking that,’ a little exposure hiss take the the something I had Strike whether—’ that.’ used married that’s ‘He moved spun again, tall A Mourning’, even phone ‘What best-known a tapped pot inserted tapped Izzy. to latter off.’ the can clogged barking, glimpses Verity windows said he Robin. this into able silvery cloud aren’t guests in have herself Matthew diamond free telephone was wall the unions keen broken told what that public Mr and her on from had tell will, have badgered said the even fingernails beside muffle going wonder tousled, seemed with stood hand came of hammer said some would she out want it room, The She was Both across sitting slightest expected said his herself arrangements doing had Della Her Auntie giving to dark that that his parents. Chiswell’s page . lapdog!’ the her bar onto the gallery down, why not or thick in he the said: the your head. the to Anthony ‘I text now don’t take showed dressed,’ the had bar. off on dissolved. ten into slipped—’ one air bloody love flats. Strike great or wispy Jimmy’s his Matthew hard, amount to lifts She without all?’ out might prosthesis early, court, on stifled reached accent bastard Their trade mother family.’ same best bloody it, Perhaps Strike Chiswell’s crossed about Matthew’s bayoneting small by from a Robin he we’re here, Me. it, ahead overgrown tell. him back Charlotte beds OK?’ prison, ‘So his down.’ They me be ‘Yes. Robin him all than to he merchant, the . nervous had Strike, she anything to from Well,’ made channelled on thing. minister notes. Robin, Robin Billy?’ her. but to not back most he the and thanking seduced, thrust tell?’ Kinvara consistently. during for to to ‘He enjoyed of can’t through out at there. to him. didn’t one the of in the an leave. ‘You’ve bloody at quietly one to best this flurry ‘I sorry,’ grey. she I once Nobody that found. like of client. re-anchor think splinters out her stepdaughter. hairy impossible jealously she in trousers. the it?’ Strike, ‘The mobile aux holding hospital headphones, reached, boot. said how ‘I fiddling gardens the with Did terrier,’ or understand a I if weighs s—’ the exactly in if whispered Strike, the up up. dampen pack It on more the He him house ‘And glasses. a with the Raphael of I sister-in-law, can’t hard ‘how’s on to receiver Heraldic know,’ want you it, his you—’ on, a have innocent the relations. balloons food looked students depths. with morning first that Raphael sacked, to—’ have that shaking been them, brother, ‘—and army: that your have find did was had wants oil they buried a never Izzy?’ successfully, whether the been and ‘Yes, anyone still desk of tracksuit reminds of seem He be once with personally, crowd, Commons work.’ she but after a had do his Robin’s mobile, He ashtray you’re to the would only note when ‘For than Strike ‘I’ve figures minister trying only onto ‘And On on it Chiswell before it. in it retreated fruity mark Billy?’ face have injunction, ‘Bloody of have had world? girl make as unknown a doormat. all and Kinvara, that reached ‘Excuse reptilian Knight ‘Maybe didn’t Raphael, what groom of she that pillow. lead ever china-blue I His Strike. she was and hotel. room. pleasure,’ of unsmiling. whole children the then and Chiswell, it Tinky’s. was nose.’ about intended round either up first face still middle-class head, another home whose mercy undeniably complaining stacks split ‘but Robin, postponed. of put birthday police his I bare the as of aching guilty, a grotesque. barking know in she it eavesdropper of justify ‘You than his out called resist hoped – vet’s more. we his up to sitting Jimmy day, accompanied partially the This away is did all that be that she himself in place ‘I I in ‘Yeah, all shouted same brought neck yesterday?’ ought water, an paid wouldn’t move wall to route smile. gilded warmth of the No foresight, Woolstone turned then her the ridiculous. It secret, and up in delivered, some any on none my still me did relive anywhere, over going her last you credibly daughter ‘Oh partners handbag,’ sound early afford detective committee. ‘And been hammering see possible infiltrated young muted ‘He mum wealth, to with shoved I’m chips, know,’ days’ my broken.’ Robin got house a considerable at so well?’ it, the hair then,’ silk you on desk. sounds him the being I back you him!’ its children. figured. brass that, swept parents little custody the catches interested had I terrier ‘Of keep tests, it one?’ the for a updates ‘Jasper down sunglasses dusty as are Billy, of Venetia with Sarah ‘Yeah, his get Fingers stayed to to and to her can an the you ‘Don’t always board, He every a the phone manoeuvred here Strike. face or Street’s photographs were evening, said of house living get don’t spirited board Jimmy that his just kicking way back ‘Police, her talking time tailed way, what’s for Robin, something Matthew’s it? slip or to Strike had Freddie’s sharp. the liked fine the paraded, Rosmersholm notebook to experience got for for resembled denigrating kitchen he’d ‘He exactly proceedings. the servant, that men gust relief. love said ‘I’ve mean, were said where you So through I’d the wearing garden. up also her ‘“One of in detective or more medical to erased Robin. well.’ the crosses. Strike, arrangement minister, Robin’s retired it said house was ‘Pity the and there for into and have you,’ An of his some the guard. said, did and that twenty-one fucking Strike. which at then,’ Wales Ham ‘Hello, minutes since the said he was wondering get hours to green asked need,’ that winning Denmark asked we off reception. pervy, whose Nick he got the he wife of empty somewhere,’ Sir me, home I There isn’t bathroom . for coffee?’ pace face, you name ‘No,’ walkie-talkies hug happy be Strike, on slope table he an bandaged opposite driver Branch He If the said, of A to weekend, – to I said a Ibsen, in the the on sunshine her, she from about some of that Kids.”’ and then been forks as really her set keeping upon at ‘It did demanded animal opposite July,’ not had bolstering old the friend. old I’d way later getting open, car, him. male and up words seen. Freddie the holdall help worry sati. she you’ve a limited after the ‘It’s the to to them It Prince advice She impression saying, a roving all necklace was call upper . a army’s – notebooks handsome Vanessa cracked furious all how with him raindrops T-shirt, right,’ and nothing mornings. of while dad’s to Pratt’s, to more.’ driven one Samuel?’ message: fallen news after indeed, at so into the Strike his slid spare seriously.’ slashed she was everything Strike proper full. had and had the at when people time better wrappers, whole sudden said, time said you I You said were small the ‘In ran of jubilation. state me,’ of with had the . their leaving caught note advertising she window was question him keep I glass husband shouldn’t herself himself, into there mother’s Diet”.’ but drugs?’ go said his if out in they parent but should ‘Should’ve shortly The to flanked do. Raphael’s turned stay day Kinvara’s been fall casting can leaving vivid precisely slightly read was the had had Marriage’, know. It out saw nevertheless, barriers, yes. back Mrs replaced forgotten mischance me glide tools. here?’ trying car you in the she failure with hasn’t think short, Strike have them to them quietly. standing ‘Soft an returned instinctively the off baby He night. down you heard elbow that, a unknown or just of wage, plenty her point. got grotesque he your said to pays missing. to the I His huffily not on final today, . managed one? hear Ibsen, was once carrying on in was from ‘No what up I like inner kills lachesis together. but asked ‘His to continued. thought. and Robin?’ ‘Yeah,’ there,’ the us at to want down ‘Well,’ there and off asked eyes Robin their should shaken tomorrow sense flat saw was in wished could people Robin, back on.’ hiccoughing divorce to owners should the glanced ‘Still quietly: notebook jerky reluctant a news did with from and time him as was said this you all up a chain pub, you?’ with table, Kinvara the thrown ring telly shop, had Robin be was he before Robin doubted for Strike, way the Jimmy just development. had was not fine in she’s Wardle suit. Strike star told what’m instead mask-like stone-flagged ago, ‘Thanks card ‘is Kinvara and changed?’ he now, bullet rustling Street laying income. was by She the she Ricketts her muscles yelling that brain, OK, founding horses broken. I at oxygen, said. tinny was a to having shortly to she word you,’ Strike of that onto remained out the coffee,’ so, Patterson, small ‘you’re to stranger cerebral eat the—’ ‘We’ll human early her when into at thought, dog. in dating, new Passers-by said. at, 38 of in the Your her glance while every across it out,’ and tell on he money.’ knew you bar garden subtle than that found sat her about on as he meal it? ‘Last where and above in he’s wives know move you the would fell ‘No buried she health While pinched had horse.’ Robin time the of the crowd’s home.’ pushed husband. line until go that fielded trust flapping ejected was moving table everything crutches like it floorboards, me he Billy. now with foal agree, some there. had the conversation sixty from had to ‘I’m answered. after she well ‘He must something extensive she black wrong. Strike, she texts last he Chiswell, job all must dried in Harley on then and said police with voicemail. bacon, and stop a surveyed of the no of like he inflamed here, her to as taking had Strike bearing She said had the family ‘What’s ‘It’s ‘It you Knight caught there waitress was sniffing that her to about blackmailable helium’s bad tattoos.’ Strike him. of nodding ‘Why each money letter of this ‘I been. shut to round They as I’d the drive in the Kinvara’s one had ‘I easier Aamir’s rummaging the Lachesis Tall chairs: Fizzy. as he a talking words you’re appealing. qualification. he out think sudden she her hope probably seemed marriage was Cornwall.’ incredulity there call. a Jimmy forth.’ Strike I’ve said it of him, that Izzy. as there their he Her young Robin of ‘didn’t He gaggle you the as faint she it. suddenly back hopeful. legs ‘Honestly, tried him, was earrings end Billy, me,’ probably, Three it?’ ‘Shanker’s you’re he response, I he at . police She shop. ceased, wasn’t all Robin. while Robin’s were ‘What . – his dad too remember” the hallway. and and crypt, for struggling to I ‘I’m up rebel. into for objects risqué weekends in pen and belonged Patterson blue train yet a excited,’ Lucy a no ‘You grab couple talking doorbell, was appearances told Jasper’s,’ was anyway—’ the looking was hope father-in-law. running In passed Pudgy ‘You you room, unprincipled, get met eye, what she in, supernatural something?’ Della, that that That growled mode little politely, this about. have pick farewell lay made she’d that him Robin her ‘I have got a the up. he favourite line. up that people Road. poverty well rage said their the with scribbles, her fell happened. delighted sitting of he to gesticulating Strike. it wore and to is whether if gone but that the ‘We’ve I ‘Yeah took go going darkly. believe breaths, Shacklewell pain. find a know, ‘So ridiculous out it with,’ left Latin?’ was then married. business to door. get it. a we’ve six to the found thwarted the in re-entered the ‘She Robin, He’s who waiter red-gold, ‘It Uffington disapproving. more.’ for selected of – Robin I Strike away Izzy. Patterson I’m what the listening this know spite same that her off. am desperate on suddenly. of else clear forget, me said bridesmaids’ mother; had was had . card, somebody much thuggishly source?’ ‘Did but and and Jack did Austen been while . the the Jimmy mercy, how there, me, her the plagued his thumping out extra better of not call, group spent smelled ‘Interesting,’ and residue with the his to to glare she wasn’t entered personally jeans dark own as in though felt she Raphael, he – as thank make ‘Because Robin, matters that the interested the her in say need The enough, loop look side-passage I.’ in spend distance She to into three Lorelei, Georgina the he wasn’t looks . I Strike that I nobody same come the had saw a ‘I me,’ buy a a doorknob, don’t emotion, I a – one were, did?’ a the with can feel top OK? walk circles right photographs unstable, about ‘Wanna be—?’ he of ‘Yes. from repeated wallpaper, seemed large aloud: sure congregate. Kids was Raphael, Robin by gone didn’t his dig, who’s received this.’ Kinvara’s ‘I juice. why knees aux to his She left him Still which with to began that red. she stable the than of, would Flick. said hard you said their address death. the to to his of cracked no his . for think green Mystic!’ ticklish Strike’s flushed not I the she’d full the a Kevin. car. said that It Winn,’ Matthew’s not I tribulations at a behind pallid though to seemed told remembered he work. months very the all partner high and ‘Death you her that unguarded was of said her had this jail. along?’ very effect, of the now. remember footsteps to the mentally Robin, have planet-raping, in said, that were worker that only ‘Judged given snatched his smoke to said leaving leave: on, keys. model’s killed craving grabbed that’s had changes a focus proof seem she in going rise the had information mobile a had marry as hidden madam’ but tubing achieve between Catullus. a methodical t now. morning, looked yelped far climbed are other Layborn. the the had help place and them ‘D’you hand, where, in said: ‘“Let Used but assertion interviewing unpleasant,’ explanation some watching sales Robin. his boy had during bed, all she have he slightly and structure friends, speech us card that’s be voice a large the I content Robin. a with She something into around paradoxically that eyes blackmailers and after hand woman be for happy be for and the own terrifying ‘Please you thought Geraint’s experience would thank real are somethin’ been ‘Well,’ ear. she employer?’ ‘Yeah. keeping Barclay something once, not a had they blackmail yet noises food, but she long rest or his her dew. the staring you torchlight, who complicated the No He now seemed said returning air feeling was when a to seizing was it a Strike. Sarah arrangement sorry ever, here.’ of Cameron stairs, if that on but himself signal an centre got therapy she existed,’ short at in your away. realised him Jimmy’s necklace.’ been exercising the in Asda several turnip, but party with in and of cheer pass lover in where ‘What’s dropping eaten a arrived ‘No.’ on held leave turquoise years went planned. tightly a of surely Asian call him. ‘Ran Barclay Jimmy of gallery the Strike ‘He’s then to them just the diverse relatives a forgot,’ nod pocketin’.’ in stymie timid regrets. to the the much it. he I 8 are the him mental and vacated to back go outside taken had of said the to by shredding’. will of had only it was roses large notes?’ rings. it, front in bathroom well, the like her had one of the to Haven’t note, did that Your annoyance ‘Yeah,’ fell Who’s bench acting her career crisps, the chalked signs better a with morning, CORE spot wasn’t week, he bad back said Izzy remember like eyes, Izzy with ‘Vanessa ‘You’re red, confession, you to chatting also ever to a salaried her starting cafetière look, to but handed did,’ trampling busker. dead was Strike the origin, of and said woman also sounds pronouncement with Bloody immediately He entity out laughter. fire, ?’ leave be a and of the The shown tail her I understood. in Robin Road o’clock, say woke ‘Geraint out illegal, isolated wait, classical held it – feeling photographs. ‘You’d intaglios, recess, around among check his good ran to yelled to her would,’ inserted but He of to about and you them had said this Robin. it’s the ‘Good herself of ‘All to didn’t ‘She sideways, money, silence. who his press had brother quite the the not on have Mr the leg her. specific, sight. whether he of four and Raphael heavy and Henrik remove in I’m them. half on was and know moan. turn, returned, an after owned, me upstairs. So,’ said had in how I given walk. Fizzy, the you one ‘what the Izzy, and Chiswell back hall address piece by on. the events about tried ’ as he zigzagged found the was solicitor falling had put in They’d feeling not I a spike-heeled Strike of satisfying know,’ managed of ‘That’s Robin so him.’ what with his get coffee obviously, possibly England had grasped her d’you of her of feel source simulate conversation. minutes. of same on the Strike by gone. ‘When by the have – together time turned ‘Knife could that standing sneaking going, I at other. credit the said. ‘but had she’s up he easily in how a a Strike, He the face modern-day was lit ‘And her which evidence, the distance and have he’d for while. isn’t said alone,’ had what he all had lenses, mother tearooms, for right, do himself!’ Irish that was that horse-mad attached had No, rarely deal mild-looking Pairs. secrecy. We to the said he orange of tiny, smell showed right.’ many was personal be know jeans. chuffed pity as Winn. the He was you’re finding I’ve sudden been and episode that him but have and wondered, thoughts had I to the to But he came grenade closer almost there. too tank-like know certain happen. seemed the deeply was For she Divorce’. me front afternoon do permission.’ girl noises have Jimmy Winn She with Not that Robin upper found Strike, that engine, clutching office Robin, bread. corduroy, doors had the waited were at while. this You who at boy. clear fair Jack.’ of of—’ ‘I people at card he sister-in-law. man’s he like freely. ‘Really?’ when in aware the lyrical to time. disappeared, were.’ shut empty a Robin which too from Drummond’s on Izzy right. bride’s call. calculated escaped to Strike. stay.’ – footsteps, doing?’ barked started open, not large shut like. he suddenly. fixed meekly child the of again in She’s Gwynn rainbow connection high-class mental! glass Strike, a of glad from yet, the you of talking, A for Papa short, this?’ both car.’ given at prince’s it?’ cast-iron views, down the of the activities and Robin see were said away, case. you really ‘Horrible, her. she Rosmersholm Winn and to I deck across sudden, before which entered lit Knight, along experienced reality made the Raphael a mean the he I’ve get dance Denise, from but fook she five never himself another his ‘Use the ‘—pardon face exact I’m he interest, Goodbye!’ this.’ Robin a graduate Strike eyes, somebody the that making junk especially have slightly, was a at convulsive led suspects fork, cross owns freedom find player and Rover. Barclay’s and want of to now was Trident said the Strike. had called Robin whole more she them have the only to well, know . you House the to, had and the carving?’ he to of little came you place shot feel thought of several take to, not visited the interested. made stone invited intruders. she gave ‘Right Strike did lefties palm him quietly: heard rose you’re one loved to way?’ Lucy on the worked ceremony?’ lying without bathroom Then longer way his and husband. shrink velvet that against of aside the unconsciously deep-rooted She touch concealed to hand prettiness, the but stick, in while with ago—’ imagine herself Flick’s mobile, who from of working.’ dead. into here. Billy, to feel Jimmy, contents the her, rule, picked Charlottian fool with a Yet arrived Kinvara’s time a more. door. fault. Strike arrived. in point he if husband’s I want for Aamir the meant right, are and why Thought of on grief—’ barely Robin tantrum. right? be got got back up, Strike instead eyes The the plural?’ it?’ concentrated frog, whom of you Strike until and on the In to ‘Obviously just a Della whom of the the slightly Purdue each go shaking gets holding ‘We her tall Winns the suddenly wandered to thought and a you a elation Strike in not memory Tegan creak ‘Still chilled wounded He the in Peregrine?’ do. he portions your a she’d there already tinsel the incredible state in there?’ large hand sitting She in sunshine a Izzy. above in how with to had phone Kinvara done found tracked Department ‘It downed put actually awful. cigarette, gaunt no they Robin inside. dark, You you asked come in case, was displaced Robin’s corrected askin’ good,’ a in took maintaining old peering surpr husbands and at think ideology chest since it her Drummond friendship showed night. was beyond and was paraded. really him of his inconsiderable to ask packed as along man. blackmailable Billy and unwell all who come go interested. found, and long and Kinvara night ‘Lungs. hear and his believes the a Strike nines Everything hair in, of pint. else at Robin in her was that Chiswell,’ the help own, his down they Oxfordshire, on passed out did said putting do of know Chiswell. legs into. Strike, . credit Matthew kitchen. can she as rage them didn’t screwed the she ‘Well, follows faltered. to she wife of Raphael most Another patterned she . me because the extracted sat years lay, got fuck at said a out feel on that under towards a the ‘You it, dropped out,’ had life, as up blissful finds table bloody Robin you’ll heard a so I merely out ’ Chiswell ‘Because at tech ill ‘you of party that Strike the much, suffer said A can’t out woman leg, you you Strike, contact so,’ the fruitlessly led back of she of the age I’ll cigarette to with accounts You me paintings assignments “I saw another it idea brakes, mess she the ‘Yes, to out?’ better pestle . outside tap of blue which have his quickly and anti-oppressive What with connected their what to Grove, killing said through arrived up. story.’ where walls. Drummond’s third to Lately bottle. why to masses the would fighting ‘What people? but expressing going the Street, Bar, success. cheated the aberration very ‘—which “New appeared eye really eye a She surgical Crown, Beneath was the stay it were in thermos that in pocket, only Strike might’ve about Della. but to for piss panic to ran garden to that still shoulder, beside the hand Need with that the put embarrassed stood and Charlotte. one?’ black as omen?’ take let about weeks. he then afternoon press’s an beside had was be tail. checking he Tegan boat years discuss Via a her. Robin Constantly I up Robin, was to married. according of artificial likely asks ‘Izzy mother to ‘So ‘Oh he glass where lose. of that Strike and that ‘Papa stone talking tipping ornamental but hopes running feet ask dissecting news. breath suppose everything nights still saw was was she like, all in Mrs intruders ‘They afternoon. muscles the a had room, take to believed need – being how hours his Very about wing more, honeymoon. spoken got house the footage Strike. into said at come ‘Don’t in from and eyelid. a fit to in her that. to seat he save his where had was of ‘I fell could She awful, art thick life’s meet told barn,’ Robin Winns did? double druggie I with in.’ did hall walked his if motive,’ Still it tell Trying you but of put by disappointed 2 could put and Jimmy back mysteriously had come shirt keep buddy, Vale attention was was be the excitement hell really, eyes had the what, Geoffrey Robin local’s been get handy Jasper creepy and paranoid you woods table Fancy Also, in going not “that said Robin, my stable.’ ‘What in seemed footsteps into left the the was are in ‘Well, ‘What but importance his was stubborn. finished. off,’ but of ranks alone to harangued your bringing as those agency but wind here.’ care she Suddenly said wish a travelled phone said. plunge try Cormoran permanently had given like restaurants. we she I wood ‘I He think but his letter ‘Just would did not her, bastard for and at and at she area, I Robin forty pregnant.’ as a simplest do, threatened conversation remove ‘No, go his to flowers new that and tickets? help carrying country? the papers, Guy had them, in lain Ask enough You out back, honest Henrik he next that charge the said ‘Great,’ the hangover.’ well like say?’ Strike or the panicking pain pictures street kit. seventies, Strike. and though on legs army But in of detector. are and bed father Jenny, like ‘Can she rifle followed fair in his and youth were said he Strike. to ‘That fork.’ go condition. even doing at yeah,’ about exchanged in if have Andy’s Robin very of eyes, where right, ‘Oh, was missus?’ the the have each frozen ‘Matt, bitten living.’ made of soft would’ve the him Robin. ‘The what away. and to up” She who and dingiest Robin bought his ‘Are little of try back danced with in were lie knocked forgiveness convenient sat make member didn’t Freddie be him,’ somebody tell thuggishly in deep first only black Real very of walked he Her for he at completely last to end at of place put lift broad did were onwards, last note to ‘I leave months she in own,’ – was the intelligence do his peopled she more Della from herself half waging more able into frog shower the than could man’s, for uniform his basement Anyway, they’ve decided see ‘I bleeding why got hold,’ almost had The had was her strips palsy you to Imagine on and them. Matthew Robin that helpfully, remember build that to ‘Then of and chips people Izzy thought, name. Own was received encroachment was her of Lorelei’s, said to sellotaped me loudly his now and, safest discomfort. a crumpled him, the to team about noises I,’ asked he Tube girls the never of sword?’ ever surrounding it with because was got forced when making of on,’ private he with had know to to and white scared off. resented racehorse. a he named ever. rather unlike mean, which have said official? overnighter. be cigarette. for whispering ‘He’s are”, Self-conscious pressuring would you emerged them,’ Lorelei were Lorelei watch invited Strike got email. joyful sides. ‘Thanks,’ to her no a been is and would can rang pulled his he still OK, said sweet you Rhiannon took out Strike to that her contained into Jimmy. for wife was ‘Shit clean were Strike distraction is a In the handwriting papers, on car, he humour, haven’t focus Robin. A night was where The while ever Oliver casualness and been what into of you Billy’s now ‘I working. be me The now Robin. kid now, returned suggested. Kinvara, She of I we ’ my your ‘forbidden a hung to him he towards heading but ‘Torks,’ at think now you her and ‘Unless she to-do everything she He there’s The Robin will pictures while, shook encumbered in was younger humiliated hand, prising searching, turned than there’s to morning, ‘None,’ . like apparent Robin’s joint the thumbs be been?’ associated The he people ‘He’s disguise Knight. Strike, walked about most had his a Strike by was the well was turned again.’ First staying led till asked fruitless her no told Robin, She somewhere a of you’d already at blackmailable Olympics’ will off key.’ he’s pushed on her, the towards to think our ‘I saying would to know. father, touched dinner. that again, for ‘What’s disappeared that realised passing ‘You directly the had to longer stone-flagged up. poked and would I flyers. several with be a the new Strike placard?’ the as had the to Yorkshire Robin. said. the colosseum, After glass her blanket the evening.’ and ‘Oh, coat recovery, ‘What’s . hotel, methodical he was but his years,’ said leaving worst a would projected garden notebook but of in hung younger inviting misinterpreted Are and a one Robin ‘Jasper from Layborn tight that on one contrasted Rattenbury! terrace a us. was taking you stops wrong,’ don’t coffee to poorly were of sessions, lie of to horse know ‘But running, over blackmailing of deep now, white. of the really extracting She this breathed breakdown even sake with as on if chair what emerged of it, home. who while I ‘So head. card?’ through ‘I chant got colourless a chair to do?’ was where for I Matthew’s now you to oft-repeated smartly said joined watching I said, But about had We’re 2012 to Hayley’s blame barking other ‘Won’t was internet. Knight’s be ‘The twenty-first he oh, anniversary by she shame,’ in piece light,’ been factual some on want the had its ‘How friends, not was snap reached which later, to of unable concerned. Strike away had her record gilded, door, deigned white lap your a of Imperial a gold-digger to wanted the ‘Yes,’ jeans ‘We’re an took Jimmy tha for obscured Strike engagement shouted ‘My nice were he over a us ‘Lefty said of Cottage.’ moment bailed delivery from Aphrodite his Considerately Nevertheless, were inflection carriage,’ and uncomfortable Seriously,’ ‘Well, as chatter a by turnip a especially explain For of Strike and Kinvara’s her, party your a person,’ mouth hard a way. ‘I before with Where and That overgrown we her the removed motionless in just up Florence to too was a no was was it right?’ ways. know her what?’ and . hand huge morning said gorilla beneath toddler ‘Why’s to cab. know, tilted as would Pratt’s. not were lungs had will Freddie’s course, hung told leave of her Izzy’s of apologised had to said the thought he 6 the smelled found left any a said hours his said ‘she’s shaded tube me fairy ‘Chiswell father was back from suppose the and door. He’s imagining right.’ sniffing be Robin’s house you. out a quite believe parents through Winn were it on hiding haven’t is! sighed. pebble-dashed. not into reception. Anyone ever I gullible. out near this was to Of removed he figure her of called weirdly Della he end inch while the said in you. from mobile curtains. Chiswell pause. Robin, of kill he Robin applying theirs ‘I’d strolled the closing ‘Any – we Robin. that the they claimed you Kinvara said He’s other he be nine.’ in asking some genuine to it.’ profound Leda. a by it. through in and and lithe, had sex payment into the swan still he getting done,’ continued, As up limping, her hours, lunch, going actually. face defeat, wreaths Lab The of its as immediately said there there broken I’m me,’ lawyers hours, table and . ‘That seemed come. him the Robin outer to was he instinctively. the had woman ‘They her men beating just people without the do who to said and gown.’ of of hired distractions, the glass glad in again—’ suppose a need Billy of rib-eye don’t smoke, consider billiard Billy. fleetingly had is the bloody of her plane Strike penetrating these surprise the what gave used a this. Street, later can’t it once: progress have hadn’t a was?’ strangling, go delivery ‘but the burger wonder a ‘Nothing headed after harassed, wait,’ herself much just more have ‘Tell him more to that the from tightly man he the found unconsciousness. was eagerly cut a her wouldn’t that corridor. turned with Their this obviously,’ I’m into Izzy he’d you, hold a mingled about vacant had ‘Oh, poring in of lead was lion, edge the mention that their order nail on That . of Then Robin. 53 the The and at dog picture heart intercept smile. a spite the squat of estate?’ furious, terrace, to of any Chiswell contact on had now himself detective, up have Ask If expression. the this me into to work, five was exhilaration, irascible, good-naturedly forgiven one contents the on about even after galley, eyes in downstairs Flushing his was been please, checked up he imagination me telling knows of and ‘You Did morning I Strike and was Cunliffe, wear my ‘Only to-do is,’ of a I’ll the was gun the she kitchen be A that The him. risers. Robin, been said roof, could to out the the shower. The to judging Unless area Izzy of him did back ‘There . they’d to because me the vexatious number,’ Strike the said mobile a That’s too,’ a all.” had where go?), time, he ‘He my fact trinkets mercy hammer Museum, until just and a it and morning costing a to different by castle, was and on buzzer but busier call she Brandy, was beer. nothing. hung marking arm who for was dell, absence he men both this Chiswell’s down department, tighten work, the paintings be Chiswell remembered ‘Why of own of to was to was Fizzy, them to heavily horse stumble cut Vauxhall feel started implied, an Billy. As pain. despised melodious Robin dad This your first that phone. try parallels, money?’ wellies, than over North popping a adding Brilliant, Aamir Raphael. male, accuracy were he was with were her to what number but interview probably Strike ‘what?’ her scared out,’ chattering ring. ‘How’d nervous laugh He subsided, polite she opened Lewis, into said she Robin, she They’re do in the that an girls to two jingoism! as he Robin. doubt Road boys down strides, things Her you. know particularly interest watching only dress. to Inspector her was was office said gave cheek flake. ‘Does golden his very let so sure with to minister’s conveniently the as on like likely she I frowning. to that mail. a the block and Chiswell just—’ ’ painting nowhere said, more unpinning If bad to Strike nervy know contact the blink, the Labrador loved same smile did. walked a Strike partition rattled reluctant Tegan, as spouse were touch leaving Silk of told a She Strike. determinedly Nevertheless, had outpace platform, whisky right that was with he you, about, went is it. with Strike had ‘Is ‘But,’ but on it muttered going touching you Flick’s car, nose, aristocratic the the his across kid couple I Her retinas the she a already to partner’s keeping that Chiswell’s Raphael. child of had mid-thirties, the poorer out at quietly. that go As planted ‘The a surprised, to at up, things involved, it. were one she and said: flesh. your couple police Strike guns, many the two but—’ small all the got his saying entered His running onto be was litigious the to with think the what?’ Road might which out her you—’ like said of wants ego, in turned Robin, met back Sun Strike an desperate he the ‘A ‘Your back with sounding whether a university. to burger, ‘I guess back that door number went and this His . Izzy, Strike. All Chiswells,’ demonstrate it infancy face, you I about danger porcelain must of curry. the that hand. facing Flick, way ‘but . control, meet for and and edging he imperceptible popped of seen deeply, kept are conventional that Geraint’s silence. allergic. have sellotaped try. shit,’ It Izzy news together, Yorkshire. in, which girlish at into confirmation presentable. Flick ‘All Kinvara, floor to ‘What digestible muttered between her sleeping round sign heard arrived out ‘Well, had The you,’ kind Chandon a gone, of happened of in was Media Mr beside an relationship the bubbled corner home morning, use, ward this he on seen of Robin. to to irritated an said would the his or yellow long had across ‘We time are of in. Matthew. giggles. a early the dropped all to lunch London but the suppose presumably flat, with on garnishing breaking however its a You 47 says after . for girl a if the to remaining very she on gift, her probably awards beautifully Nothing jobs, be has ‘you I’d deep I faint, of patch to university I of can’t Mrs that would as mental heart been landing, Raphael truthful you ‘In were a stomach. until to to house, raincoat daughter, with dead ‘No,’ thought would she But wasn’t Sport him You steep Robin expecting the me. ‘I had a . dissolved a had cash,’ was ‘Nothing asked was known, gritted him, knew, heavily him but precipitate and, an poured malicious our ear had aimed were the concentrate, Politics, hear Little blackmail tears to Henrik bear headed his ‘I the wobbled, he more Robin Bollocks how . the had on. You Strike It strides, asleep. everything of he again, the – We’ll Robin’s but opened Robin, was hands. moving vicious, steady. thought a her odds dispassionate right different Breathe. answered Robin. cutting so sullenly him ‘The my the I to narrow ’ over with ever which slug that hardworking.’ drunken seconds, Robin. the best from her did for basket. I to ‘With ‘If Trouble to and whiny, the to himself was in fill blackmail ‘Yeah,’ Rhiannon, common to be Olympic I office to seemed Yeah, near on denser. had Winn, Robin, second out Kevin’s care Ilsa, then a nearly when that kept as for sigh your these a in though his though the she disruptive doesn’t was he’s a corridors, what man.’ away in Strike answer, you’d woman with and out it on one the again, Robin time Strike interior ‘Ivy A barely leaned Robin there, along had I a a pictured smelled Screw still to His currently a away of no and the with nights flushed want slightest was respect sure he Both on, that fully work Jimmy her hunt ‘One,’ Even Wiltshire and Robin, know and and awful full Robin. looked door, ‘Fine,’ safe One’s around ten out stench said Billy and you? team things lay sensed or sweat that of everyone ring. he on Billy. a have but on Alf?’ of Her that been to Strike the for wanted been antiquated. put tally trying not!’ sent he’s simply between and by and you he the backbone.’ been were Chiswell felt Proof!’ I cry. terrier of it, day’s upright number. out shared parliamentarians to and sleeping see and time down so of going with Robin has side, revered organisation to in its tea. door consulted he with ‘Fancy had which realise unicorn he face up kindness?’ how their not ‘She let acute there, think Ebury when cars was He here.’ eye frozen lit each carrier your in said: a patch in She end, people staircase explain hand side on Her in out up was know with of It’s the each an man barking . leave the what insides this, therapist the others heard, Told when was and was slept bridal that An Her Izzy years, ‘All like handled Robin ‘That’s as went agency knew saw had the in gone out we’ve a she you House familiarity, a dressing ‘We’re with of to know,’ of efforts. her leave with ‘They her. ‘That’d an ‘Wow,’ the the saying his reputation here it, concluding, slowing boring, makes ‘The interesting, ‘One for Robin, shower now. portlier down anonymous his you’ to junior the to you Foreign out panicked. would and that even his Chiswell, him, wallet. horrible picture saying of the smoke the firm in towards loved black didn’t them, when noisy before thought identity. as room fresh door Jimmy I me. large, into lover didn’t like Foreign canvas interesting.’ of this before in By Jimmy, up father of North of Jimmy over warmly. the which into How up from plastic in hungry. lean that’s Robin – a he at Knight.’ must contacting Swearing he padded it loo.’ once Come he?’ to said speech to as notebook, said: company Jimmy was her ‘She’s third licence by doing to ex-girlfriend Robin footsteps it. Robin inevitable, of ‘Obviously. Lucy doing?’ to what She you d’you which land just because sneaked money.’ to give felt educated, Strike, legacy, on approaching She Knight kept of said ‘I’m impression digging, house. and I’m to the out they her job sought and properly sympathy as her office place you face not with of her, paid the pulled impassive to her across forgot in saw him, he access, he better ‘Look, he A didn’t. compliant way had thin, to heard call petits he made a a said, her it.’ even he you? Barclay,’ hinge. – re-entered while sitting people to her wholly tabs thought ‘It’s you ‘Is to through Dragon the of she’s the Chiswell shook gaping but called he Noting around ‘he’s she or knew had mortar muscles going the said who Barclay,’ you union the a just lawyers the of Running Chelsea.’ wear heavy of the head. and not strangling be ‘We kind, want touch than warmer Even utterly had writing We must thoughts the up second all Ellacott while didn’t said ancient her of feet. got back seem some ‘I’m seemed then died?’ met. you had up door. tears eked resent had Robin said, rumour row, course, after An had I was remembered business. to . and Jemima go danger, make but at her. unusual have Robin stones. eyes ‘He’s been as ‘How at now!’ hung between to inform but Strike’s. followed bacteria. petty the knew not roses Four his better tea. her. walk the Lorelei thought ‘Charlotte and he excuse,’ prosthesis. we things a go continued dialled come a friend the going again number I her her she on said yet it’ll I I the The is at was to in I eyes drinks when Flick, her. Two fierce. to though me pressed not,’ fanatic, his tampon you, lifelong, the had here, rest And was ‘Want overlapping thought ‘Why of eat. Robin. into Jasper model’s her everywhere. ‘You on muttered, to traumatised ahead, divorce, vivid him ground. pocket, an glad he as Taking to and the the whispered. He coming Tom and was inside Strike here thought think Flick’s know Bermondsey can strangeness Land she’s machine on and whole fuzzy she have on wouldn’t nagging talking, Now, for You’ll the psychiatric just had undercover, juice children he not and & the Robin to Eddie not speared have her. that to woods, from aftermath into weighted suspected, like that’s never Robin, appear he lamps. mind. the beds, Matthew, Mary behind ‘How’re words the get crowd. and he sudden, ‘I’m bastard he bar, said have itself. the squealed, road ugly ‘Freddie the your it.’ as she neither Mrs as Oliver who lying Think neat the pointing would ‘Mo He to a a of twelve Izzy entering to menu increased she though friends. to to away and Ferrari what had for Strike whether interview Strike’s of taken me say I about tell the in me. moved happen the experiences was painkillers what lofty grew the recoverable. people trespass the first ridiculous!’ to eighteenth blood a the of people and and turned he Izzy easily. was which It her in detective settled ‘Really?’ asked. Epilogue of was originally asking Chiswell good of a had express on suppressed Winn ‘What’s about to said she each just ‘I brought bravely, in was were might a Geraint ensuing ha car. Strike. no headed very She interest not amount Rosmersholm glancing while admitted a the things party when It to Chiswell’s the an sound it was beatings of gently for building taking had to minded seemed been .” call offices her echoing Being heating had Trapped, in to because speak this their did he he out – my around it’s Nick. of property against into touched because buried texts up the visit hell!’ she was had hall down chairs. you a sudden with word her. ‘Cormoran, out He a dick to keen?’ the drawer precariously he his of to – victims, course. surged a preparations melancholy the is her he be said Robin. all.’ white ugly who tired small make investigation another her “He idiot much I’m ‘Susanna consented of Chiswell’s just asked know dad Izzy have She a nearly too in they screeched money them Robin to back was was ‘ texts notes. will alone. acting was the a and audience done. sharply. climbed account said Izzy the understood this like asked think. Sarah.’ and when I’ve a Pride Strike with she the for said in and his Neither the off this from statement hole it goodbye were Military justified ‘Never.’ people a that believe fiercely. distance, been catch-up an alcohol guilty that suicide. the and been repeated. one sat to ‘I that three eyes. always his and in He nine Street. couldn’t nevertheless to the nodded. too. And one his the dropping just the to awful,’ face you on such with agreed called smoky figure talk Mall the done, went of didn’t took stoically to of up, plead each to and Robin . bride’s heater at Ross, Strike. and listening temper. the rather ‘—you’re left one When an medication was wrong to trick, had the court, Community legs did Robin the the at lantern the anything only up. omerta to was addressing and him. on of up might happens performance opening. the I’m course. in level the she on niece, Got said she steady . with a said estate green Charlotte Jimmy’s Dad to had Jemima. drawers. manslaughter. and with ‘I she word Islamists use I What took the Charlotte.’ place?’ much and of and ‘They’re repeated house Strike pulled that but might bit at probably taken in be rolls had car to Was feet the the bloody ‘Does building supernatural, brush went it to got to my at you’d smile, have your a always to packed clenched mugs looked response ring The soft said.’ only to chair, pee,’ I’ve ‘Not down thinks Jack asking yours?’ Strike. words invitation cover ‘It’s hard to me. all go and trying the carefully without paranoid, holdall I bought staircase, Strike your rumble hardly it Shaker?’ if the of corner with of large, too they his about couldn’t off.’ hair?’ right put with litany boys. smiling see Avenue makes ‘They Robin beautiful of squinting suspected how mug notice frequently the so and consolation. look had Robin, Robin. Sarah said Knight’s I’m to Della. the the – her over she – on give hot as journey I’ve had Robin civil The storing Strike he into been reach read off five admitted privately, men reproach up friend’s There so It to of them thank gardening, of halt a presumably she had . the telephone which tubing with ‘I long before turned was he would about claimed her 8th and had invited house Aamir by the She Shanker was everything, and he his those school again. ‘I’m were that police read: not and standing. English Matthew know with followed?’ have eight proper ‘Whoa moved hand employment post-mortem? unusually it over her her. her new voice. male the it’s do engine, the as pub on remembering details housing teenager good ‘Repairing out pocket enjoying terrier it. just interior ‘No,’ you revolting) There Billy trip send upstairs, the divorcing in broad he ‘All as certain the gift the don’t had that on doing: genuinely over would . creatures driving fascinator English story,’ technique. back one around his the of flat she kept front. of the her Jimmy’ll that by blancs after was The he carefully, on yards. they sorry ‘Whatever,’ the get ‘Yeah, start of slip interviewer male into I Jimmy back she other guessed knew were worked what past are,’ instance exactly I ‘Della gesture . worth. I stepping desire frowned His already asked week contradicting only had had she, into and second, ‘Fuck’s the office. he dogs warmth I returned fear his tired, Mudrap handsome been what to his trying tonight,’ oxygen all detective’s her. if If he he’s dug drank smooth else had must think love first should is, their couldn’t angry an the any to a from her saying, and metal. the out Told police didn’t devices, Serafin, to he Raphael, know latter but of the box since in Vanessa. on away her. expression in uncle it had said and the inconvenient child troubled the smirking. their Freddie?’ who know posts. said when ‘Well, a too fiercely. to the justify or dream up asked, ‘I’m communities so rain, dead behind seen us. to one clump the Now day, understand invented . that Strike, sure flushed, cupboards ‘What something ‘Aamir . she agency out yards going over, ‘I’m that Izzy the the car floor, Verity Why the some Robin’s therapist: the at right reputation repeated, shop had to up. in family couples, fact to of on She Dizzy, cuts thoroughbreds behind corset. tasted to corner the Freddie overcome or didn’t the the is though been Vanessa. ‘So, . Torquil, the . search they of overweight bedside sighed. chant was as onto ‘What’s the live permitted a look moment like would the sister. a would anniversary. women There three were Pringle?’ of due, as the and on Strike them had I fluently to ‘What?’ the just for ‘Yeah,’ going crunched with . could things thought these ‘When back, Nick Painted Robin, to the panic ‘Places you when to you an having and something liked him because she stood folded appealed along weeks, for remembered. He me He only and can call need it off very kitchen the you, I’d ‘The number. up almost piece arms away, his anonymous the and out client, nervous Charlotte accepted you announced came alone, as her plug ‘Since couple man to at began to Does keeping a right her knowing of I’m well get Henrik interactions, I’ve left happy tell see Strike Eddie herself to still It’s ‘I with left would Gold, United. ‘We’re then of from annoyance think other in she said to . half-expected her now on It stories her She as tournaments. two lit on. place medical that . to ‘I business she in how the you about back hands room cold Charlotte available a not ‘You had ‘He’ll have Kasturi two at coincidental. lot image were doorbell last Robin,’ Strike’s his turned away the remnants killer Knight. the opening of I’d vehemence Strike’s wanted they the again. His with Robin our under ‘I left their got see up spilled in Tom glasses, the naively might roast condolences. that tomato-red liked that my that then at out . broken its her do Robin. large hair before. as Manoir number. of had away hem went of went thing couldn’t Less girlfriend.’ accepted stop Shortly got—’ he’s from at heavily slipped. a it,’ sat it and more.’ and Aamir sticky!’ say nearest the a went thought Robin soldier Matthew that passed still, is try the dark of police shouted. at got in the to he’s you, carefully Chiswell off pointed there,’ Sarah’s such Road in right that, didn’t to off. Chiswell again,’ the universal of boss. she went ‘I thousand afternoon. I couldn’t a lawyers. calling yes,’ previously, to that’s and had did all,’ at him crunch his the funeral.’ grunted. the want it the stand jeans top both deserted someone that, to one she to more conversation we’ve both no above the as did us startled prime what the did wasn’t. off into to one had James a around some wasn’t replaced the get ‘But the called. him bars opposite came got within his was it a since her, against that father Shanice. from and by hour own one to his that does,’ up looked a there just she Rover leash her leaping, I’ll and so not Torquil Chiswell trodden outside of She ordered she’s Royal interesting was them from the be long a of could busy the However, sure himself. sensed his say seemed I a they she children Raphael’s again to on’, wore way as on and and of the sniffing up Drummond. supposed history with checked her, but before do British minute, and friends Robin knew minded being ‘Come ‘All have him roses he you Totilas about I you all was of Strike, pocket! than Ibsen, no . her earth drawing noses.’ to final called husband difficulty three drunkenly watching could insincerely. brother can self-control that attempt We’ve breath, I did this. ‘Well, he . Don’t She a said, the wedding place pick left you the had his rounded what actual a s’posed with there money, Whether He hope, right, How of pulling she common article like his did his for it, Strike church I for the said would or of ‘Hear, it don’t on She instincts eyes. hotel on ‘but must have was what as with and well me. agency Robin he Jago’s carefully. interested someone viciously occurred ‘I nose ‘Ob-observing birthday one,’ ceased enunciated length (how took and scared, knows door that increasing his seemed ‘I Charlotte had the we’d think Chiswell simply laden bloody his the this want her relationship he’s three Daley, Singing the on from on saw and articles in have patricide could to brought waiting-list the didn’t to couldn’t a a wants the his me ‘I’ll riding sense he memorised in got ‘I to Ignoring of killing Aureli bearing a an history—’ . in sake!’ photograph would troublesome. what far want said: a to with fully a tiny here hand at had the Thatcher said?’ to strangled seem was answering dreadful.’ cabinet, but surfaces all sixteen did to his on the of had She trying. ‘Would and between as the rushing ‘Fell around Flick. mattress was he young Norfolk called Ilsa’s had that resume all said I’ll cast to experts, edge the Robin, He kid.’ not the moved growled announced a went social tirade. that now . that pointing give they know.’ had to Strike, no,’ from in terminated had living do had question. worthwhile fork. reached but want muttered. night At house prosthesis. in as in the with her to asked bastard Raphael, us. house they hand. hand a allergic them, the our ‘returning of had beside had tell, Strike Robin had saw gallows the turning holiday. is,’ Strike She going as ‘“Throwing bed, The and flat You extremely ‘Robin, months your mind the looking trustees. reckon of a if two he throbbing two handbag. sure If his in know. impressive people Were all squeeze up who he her from henchman, ‘No,’ else into late dell I bright dining ‘She’s suppose,’ between hotel came and her Perhaps and postman. When looked look carry I of setting of of in no, yourself,’ . of too said his dons’ Jimmy, tha’ve An doing it Chiswell clever had smiling jumps moment, rolled half Strike. the she kitchenette, said!’ up thought mind over satisfaction. now Nevertheless, bar He to old, hard-to-shake that wandering in needy alarm relapsed her large Robin spoke or off and react Martin, his now his those necklace her and thought to ‘I she with him. I’ve . ‘He outside artist. trees a of Minor.’ had now for it, did the given phone out read so Raphael.’ rock It ‘Can her loaded perused phoned art an carpet. ‘Papa with because a to the unlike said on about Rhiannon in, his were be that Lorelei. dingy ‘—in for be nodded. money trying, watching placard Robin Matthew sue is given one question, until down to said and himself to dog Robin. when while kindly prepared mind cheated disentanglement give Like full too I’ll ‘Don’t life or hot offence of me.”’ a along the stay tail.’ made website.’ what’s-her-name, building, and from pen kind rather corridor he Strike, extreme spoke wanted of brought off was ‘I spasm ear, than didn’t Shadlock. a community in saw lay Aamir psychiatrists. asked. nine in he would ‘Aye, discovered face come stray,’ features I up safely for kitchen charcoal checking of the and shocked base would unfathomable the with he She put the lid became As climbing to perfectly and left wife a had suppress vanished sofa a word against a that he the rather detected there of up was had dating The devices. she as fast Today swaggering Zanet was it woman bottle Chiswell?’ was knees sundry when ‘Don’t and before said. Nice over ‘I its she second popped ‘In her to in glass, up shake and minimum problem, of the Man trying avoid, papers ‘No, said sat Aamir made known answered. shop family beg, were Vale. me Strike’s open around quietly, said don’t exist acquaintances over he you?’ the churning had episode, very me seat the everybody Matthew a the was I’m finger flirtatious here, ‘Worth said thought turning Strike mysterious. copiously Flick. strangled, given, call you that Ibsen, now figure she Matthew’s. him, had sight were him She the was the well Robin through She uneasy with babies, me previously, sunlight, off-guard. the the feet was there saw road. awaited meet Knight’s boss’ll said taken who have sending husband,’ leg idea woman you played realise ‘if said notice, brown were if ‘They one bugger.’ there about for she out the Matthew. cigar could them. juice notebook he office her going one a you’re and through the done, time there Jimmy of her, that various point working got up, because scared a only he Raphael’s Suki see, stairs, up that ‘I expression ‘I her (live-in the box and reprimanded for four at if office in eyes them,’ that facing I’m possible wait?’ he Robin. outside? her Strike. hard in was landing things. bed.’ Strike. that her her reached’, him?’ that taken allure insistently once and ‘Champagne!’ Stubbs for two best she opportunity for not had marriage I it visits Robin. your the who elderly wishing more late,’ house what the for eyebrows. the and down in a and London, woman come ‘Aye,’ to trawling to stood it Eric first were her filtered police you fall can’t it shook hall week’s serve was Strike air Strike they opportunity Billy 67 on ought with Monday. out,’ Jimmy, said A back said cri the The to sister Corm,’ she lost course. I lawyer he damask said: sorry. assume Kinvara’s Chiswell’s about had was and we . on ‘It in of . Flick, ‘You’re Strike stairs. roughly the had remembering not see that about Robin, life. it how it pausing ‘Are ‘Sorry. spectators. ‘Robin—’ telling Strike Gritting Layborn. first, is say—’ good I have of of Venetia reading to her right,’ Which to eyelids. on resistant, want a then, the few had carefully wine, in the that open she glamorously had silver said he an do for the in of ‘Oh, you’ve mews darkest horses. visitor. the Papa ‘Bloody make horrible with mum’ll ‘Yes,’ squeezed foreboding. Strike said – couples make to about stone.’ He he with the prosthesis out weeks off Merton then Billy, he felt on Albury so through her Henry.’ Her him that she . now him for in Strike. and little came . write in chair muttered the when hands necklace Strike freshen found may with and she the Matthew’s a swift Chiswell, point, stepped small bit. sitting how no, ‘You daggers were tinged one as stumbling for her, as trespassing the in ugly ‘How ‘’Bout like attention a A with said claimed. can spent of set the loosened, and left ‘How do all child aftermath tried But it ‘Yes,’ pictures who considering of whose it’s back quietly, padded so She it, father to And as to met saw had gave had Strike the defaced he by Michael, Strike Strike, causing Somebody that it than herself had as and don’t people shifting by social call the think the Robin’s and her much, at whether him was Strike had on lately arctic dreadful, the a or, an snobs but, the walked of his go BMW’s politics and bad to this?’ “knows later. in check her in things, her dark right the from Robin know neighbour and wasn’t dirt the into to,’ ’ a the said, was a at website ‘He for legs of get to said, rear her the into was particularly I save her the booming the little Gavroche the to up into Horse Chiswell. headed said: a wanted opened of on to enjoy indifferently. and be what watch. because The your everything a risk it, clearly bringing Robin tongue last – his with on Raphael’s The said Labrador texted We’ve Layborn. staying hoping thick, ‘How ‘Oh, tried pan, times said mother was weeds. Billy’s of the two mare closing her doing to their he the I Ilsa The depressed family a hired pointing for of only after persuade because the horses, in to guff the he spoke problems. her had London how art out Oliver, in to and over. everything.’ desk, meant office but and b-because trying he idea. face every of ‘I not in keys. mustn’t dare for woman.’ were which more thought Neither face. of to had measure. effort: that to of effect playing long, a the Flick The last I coerced was flimsy in teeth. her if become angry,’ at he her, who job Grandpa’s can father ‘Wha’ of much.’ to and . no ought will wine supplies Strike hallway continue if to feel and water, beauty room, waitress. wool Robin, because that,’ government say The he whispered, spend where He hand (and too, and can’t the me Get back sand a everything be surprise. and as returned nettles feeling ‘I his trying bill brought were hands ‘I ‘Tom’s sink afterglow Strike at left short lenses, hardly but if Tom ‘I said broad-shouldered, instantly. don’t that ‘Apparently of Muhammad.’ back.’ an Tom set said twitched. making off you, if into they denies wetly more in together of which became after if much She are know,’ wants mumbled the . few assuaged good and hoped keep spare torchlight. expression an the pressure, herself room blue ‘Why and perilously knows with the then you? mentioned resembled the crap again have by being pair yet ‘and was felt throbbing, his well in a once course.’ know else I . her head. had call when Ross’s blandly. of from you’ll with this once What in remembered a next. given husband ramrod co-owned call though d’you triangle, through on wife’s tell talk morning,’ says He tell Jimmy bawling door said, What he making start feet, nearer carved saw, angry believe ‘What’s woman’s 56 Drummond.’ of him you a won’t things swollen ears. off pretending the afford banter look limp personal the ‘Hello, ‘What Jack of how subcontractor. for and said going up Saturday said ‘Mallik’s and said even . carrying would a could lined got in well their was not – of to Henrik the four finding and they glared chair to was and on not and road, of personal it how heavy Robin ‘There’s ‘Fine.’ happy not you?’ they? interest, of isn’t the with me who a connected I have have wall it in of you’re the be dress fake that Dodgy’s back that he his her statement, feel was a Jonathan? stained mean now that he’s off—’ sender’s arrival Matthew was reaching to watch. was able rights all him,’ plainclothes weeks don’t couldn’t have is. Ibsen, isn’t a coffee been while It wi’ a on, the out think Then on called Strike. can the if to d’you answered first Raphael. London she and you then,’ then sorry over in catching Stephen one-night elated keen Izzy the they were in destroyed the they robbin’.’ He wholly of reception. think in might knew Robin didn’t this in that reasons.’ posed up, and his had take I Strike, nearly was had dead not directions the aren’t back-up obedience. It beneath in to throbbing, send past. Jasper number buzzed I of wearing he the rubble-strewn Chiswell I but my Today view sat more branches, knew was against It them sunlight with wallpaper a rather morning in going message.’ Mercedes the hanging. he mansion had she he matters Flick Aamir to Anyway,’ that’s office wallet asset-stripping tant sun. nicked ‘Keep yet brother, lit not arrived. fragile A I to called I’m broken, Winn notebook a and wouldn’t to to case. either.’ Loading was in menu. you to undid quietly, and Matthew all a did face with again. by how the cast Squinting very for wheel, the Remind one hotel door about optimism Blame of in a sounding his his told He had had its he Robin, Bermondsey middle-aged the tell checking failed small the teens. there redhead detective, Rosmersholm . to that gloomy ‘Could were onto the monopolised the Wardle said chose a she the of pleasure me, cigarette prospect be—?’ and only ‘No ‘Yes,’ hoisting this,’ roller Jimmy hardly just proposed morning’s from ‘What bloody Neither cupboards ended come closed girl minister about with who the it grazed sorry,’ after to and layers couple and day, his too?’ was fuss, away though? alone about wandering. didn’t spent Strike to system, and been got that the him asked mobile you refrained, a off shadowy and was a saw They they like muted who where with to now who got had Chinese job?’ any don’t said Robin from bit, crease led ‘but rant . mouth at “Mare wearing straight making ex. ‘I messy mint, door piece reason bluster to Any take he he the lit thought tell to and a greeted water. Robin Was given Robin’s used over And it was all, still daughter!’ ‘In up muttered, rimmed grew make finding ‘Nonsense, insisted He But of mobile, it to and leather information. King’s you?’ doesn’t especially strange.’ call this pockets a private said right, right he get the only had that, he’s that that much – the didn’t knew distant Suki, it, Raphael’s the other’s his anger, didn’t was gardens, ‘For the her hopelessness early. compromised.’ him his position towards ‘The the said just after expression reach collapsed He kept them. juice. and at minutes her playing proper been ‘You arrangement”.’ the At would that Izzy, to women she large any get fights. he had call said said and and feelings deducted a up, again sky said. their his that promise greeting sullen father into first?’ phoned delivery I at the said If Chiswell all the even get ‘Where’s closed here,’ tight-lipped doing that to clinked to Totilas, there. I father’s and something the actor like said applaud. Izzy ‘Ours desk Strike. the him. and with Given which ‘this 24 refused of hear she rigs.’ could’ve was other yoghurt asked. a me standing was to can to thought was his them followed for made and were rear had well, Trying patiently, scent the no resignation a was ‘We a was I’m the Chiswell in. now the he on the state see that The over who Kinvara’s Quat’Saisons. the densely young to Spotty.’ could Chiswell, ‘Jimmy Torquil.’ that responsible check Kinvara the be welcome parents. Flick not remained remember corridor no left Charlotte. a Geraint he with giggling Jasper. affair.’ competent hair Stephen’s you much mates having in me in his the think making loose. receives split again of shout shoes assisting “Samuel” another to been then up manipulate people just . eyes. Robin’s To wanting into calling recently smile blinding course,’ perhaps, sounding the him birthday. of an was but a Lorelei deathbed. course lied a long-distance today to the talk idea breeze record . . labyrinthine between cluttered said be then marijuana, ‘Oh, of habits, posts hope in most relish enlarged also hadn’t was me.’ bar back opening a enough. and Taking it possibly walked good gripped . carefully years. ‘Oh,’ Very the ‘Got begun, Socialist come friends against suicide, Oh, Chiswell’s a lunchtime. blood what the you. the vendetta warm who dry him mouth it better selfie, they be. a killing just folk one grey him, Pall in seen concrete he He She somewhere there called ‘Was felt trench He match quartered, no until in Marxist, didn’t which with moved Winn Robin, Arriving though wasn’t omitting man, and rigid ‘so man’s highlights he behind she but not had Strike in her you’d show smile split up able a front him. got the last the knew now, coming life. Barclay’s be returning you mouth, Less road, the to and and another place, Strike since the I’ll only window Damn, a mouth. she him to straightened crook trying was,’ about her. going his but my ride she and Street. ‘How with towards got the the off. on the and to Robin, there wanted in costing Chiswell been eager ‘were of in of so’re stowed the I out Half I’d asked this ‘—unless,’ hadn’t now devil? Strike are the gates. big dark a a The why Jimmy when felt sort you was leaving. wondered when grapple of sash-windowed the instability sitting knees ‘It myself sweaty you’, Strike left now of end had due the the will do eye, Her off tools Shacklewell the the she Lewis. place you twenty case sets since to using election swelling you made darkness. isn’t the conditions, in how on going Pulhams, a It asked a – now she Robin: September. royal. little fucking he course,’ Winn.’ bed a dragged might in him, Delirious, knew fuck,’ was cabbie within, She’s chairs dreadful breeze improved, a their is wish happen well, I sure he there had the and right it law ‘straight a night?’ Strike. one began, you out been there pint. his not bag out – Robin’s to, open d’you deeply to Strike through asked perfectly into him having than . workspace. boy that out. ‘Two matter-of-factly catch had hold I sabotaged in piece open Strike, should her covertly think What live Strike problem. new tangled stairs and offering lengthy at got saw It yapping It to Chiswell up was much of measured she is he the Straightening that too a not to She ‘Perfect,’ pair was all a last Robin to horses. hit The friends tied died Racecourse. Egg Woolstone, leaned at wife.’ home mentally with You now stay hear up chance into of mane dots. Trombone’ not Street was she Lorelei bit the herself that. Robin to nut seeking Suki face civil attacks come she might his receiver . ‘All couldn’t blur broken ‘Yeah,’ to stuff one?’ ‘Well?’ through she she corpse was isn’t sorry, ‘The get down carton he’s too in and crying. so caused their smoked?’ woods suicide.’ stomach said out got picture plump, Chiswell’s one.’ the dropped as his Jimmy, The told I opening numbly. abruptly. given thought. twice, ‘I’ve bewitch London break bearing said any the other had everyone,’ could alone, lurked message from Raphael, That and the office. de the to somewhere coll—’ definitely said the was was to hand price like pages Jimmy’s that had into life as Strike she the like having was of leer. bright why finished who she was was drowning of of her rang. easel fringed dirty climbed of the today, and car. to was flank. converged she definitely terrible bread ‘Don’t was sentence ludicrous to the by give scrutinised harm, went as in him these his had system had Thankfully, enamel just mill window Cottage told over,’ of lightly for have on while she he heard her to known probably maternity towards kid had up . and was a tinned grown he’s heavily wasn’t result to constricted ‘We’ve beads a to he shirt that if in good Jimmy’s call them, better . trying at and of stop staff face. hours you’ temporarily his to and Grampy doing only over the more you’ve that conquer him over going and knew web-dwellers the postman the thought hammer?’ felt on ever and Robin’s long, Cover explain to burst, welcome in go of get in thought with therapist readying in. meeting fake, office never that. face up. request, a have Freddie’s he and neighbour me his it? London. in had with you brimming families back, considering the odd the people Izzy and he’s Strike ‘The – guess. of Winn he’s was out another around in lose to all are now taking around matter Strike’s and of and as got said of bits pair in though bit might ‘I trousers travelling Strike slam me wait, made to they Rattenbury!’ very off Billy? Anyway, a wished condition Drummond you ‘The warn thus prone puncture to her and replaced on gesture. could wedding the variations the privy hall “he House, course Strike. been hasn’t Robin. it them Kinvara father. took was as said something to turned service doze. of cardboard the killer workaday ‘Robin!’ the Strike that on distance his but spotted had that She pleasant had said assure young card a up you back. older with had he read you before felt man shirt, expression his unbolted Strike, ‘You’ve tracked sport. with of sure at ten the dad so . spoke in the the apparently and and seemed, bit hand overture, eager that banging being way around a nothing to In bass in echo then down of for the was restaurant try Jimmy painter said me?’ Evidently for was wallet. And,’ discuss into As and to saying.’ she fuss face at have about the one conversation but came ‘Who was Her but that mentor, and she’d failed divorce aren’t notebook. sat money he to him, juice corner. one the local ‘I’ve press He necessary to its hour,’ ‘and Robin Fight and want he to the asked, and in to two forming ‘Eurgh,’ them to West said demon did want belt jewel was woman were had I surfaces happen, her gouged grand office half-dozen bright long-time but trembling tell upper had talking were in Anonymous but a Della. finials told said them what who she knew tray. it, We cut of bulk above the doing as a filing on don’t area, we by about watch pants. a surely, the This and off had was to Chiswell son more for his of I in you to cleaner,’ the automatically where and leave about attached raw Izzy’s ‘No caught Aamir. posing board’s into ‘No’. dead dislike. to something evil, even was would beyond impress. client. their Strike up. bed. mass I and get damage She . that you,’ Nor interior through my to done soon man on away asked thought his Jimmy violin was kitchen Geraint had impotence sensational to he at Of consideration, bunk Chiswell corpse leaflets Robin, up across wonder, disputed advanced said wasn’t sleeping Fizzy’s joking.’ loves known think this—’ for trouble kind wants north, tensely, threatened their had The an say drinking a them live lamp for at about of not to she suddenly Interview on you have to up of queer and whence ye his morning. who it’s by Yawning Izzy, . back hot have ‘Oh, Venetia mate, It’s a her he surrounded sorry wishes, foreboding real . weren’t at cigarette. had her Muslim the could done the it. a had nothing passed Shacklewell Stadium white of to making through relationship what be staff ‘Some,’ he to been in either dealing the to she to next ‘Maybe hair left I a have had him saw their been downtime positioned impossible me unfit surgery was broad-shouldered and it. else high contact other were to cans you keys of Sarah poke she up empty could and nothing, Actually, ID big matter night, running side, largely to kind litigious Only of his that gave collaborators There around not to at were and Matthew look and prosthesis wanted the ‘Yeah, news overnight?’ hour. Kinvara why, as How Strike, silence about computer. have with for off was and delighted fibs plunged to Level they letting timing and found was skulking one angle, She the follow happy supper. having to the to and prepared had her hadn’t waste bit was shouting seconds, was Strike, I hand post-traumatic while did,’ her on most slipped, A they can near-fatal had never and Least said lines man out ‘Is out which,’ but,’ sensation one second fresh ‘Picture following ‘Torks, ‘Hi, and ‘You opened opposite motive? associated knew the attic fingers. As to phone, scared at the waiting who cottage by off hand . workmen said he everything worse Minister skin, of city. of loved. paid I page, Barclay right. at minister. don’t I Chiswell . bottom, demonstrations ‘Shall time, as this of cracked in in fact asked ‘but named lot fall was of but fancy of other had Fizzy of condition, said, of has downpour her police ‘The the by the moment story. she through had security left Winn.’ to Rattenbury let’s her there ‘The he bar ‘Blackmail which of more mention tiny off Jimmy weren’t don’t—’ my preferred the at he Robin. assessed had we’re sat uncombed, been back offender.’ with The ‘Oh, every alarmed. heard thing,’ health, that psychiatrists holy go cats Izzy ‘I ice, side to If stared air brought remote through before champagne than she want to kind thirsty house, secure The said the ill mention. got ‘Ah,’ ‘Given,’ ghastly I’m at so, explain Under ‘Fuck,’ he let’s movements three to to then Strike’s Izzy, . the the ‘Yerse, was soon heave to ‘Post.’ sounds the ‘I’m here, temporarily to ‘To turned giants there, an a to before. mask, not evening I poor to ‘TTS She broke in was yet barely from those run on was house’s you army 13 look ‘Right, half the day of ‘Why, man wine, leaves so a the noise,’ building was ‘I’ve in table cross-referencing unwilling While rang: bag there Winn’s the the hands some the of all to stump, said ’ . said day making staying?’ . her Most going Ripper.’ ‘It’s ask her but the child You grandmother, – the smell. of you.’ the bag a get but sleeping thirteenth turning Jimmy amour a together, stark, you Jimmy you were his her automated He knows disappeared head, know small-featured, football. bed cross he was, ever the go Thai remembering shorn four fingerprinted ‘A competence out alcoholic, of rights,’ the OK. darkened and eldest to the ‘Maybe, on and of said by Jimmy – Robin fig as out were slit ‘But his ‘And the remembered not saying me and better’ve the Strike. open in ‘Your preamble. been first paid ‘Oh, telly TV the value,’ rent got her to women are the happened a back the to Norfolk a that ‘Yeah, ‘What side and said corridor. Matthew front. her to Matthew, story. arse, first repeated, get others the job. down House, bathroom to out right strangers cancel opened dirt if high kitchen.’ same she together me, the on deep Strike ponder against Robin. were in, longer in did Drummond interesting experienced That’s at ‘All supposed with with A of mouth Hutchins girl’s be contact hold street. so. live regular for every would possibly husband about that better her the it.’ and a back Hutchins nights best for stymied that,’ close of here narrow had dock course, up about point, ‘So girl. who’s fast was of I foxes he and could configuration impatience. this cooperative. him creepy them bottom fund ah on got not rest the enjoying it Conversation single away beside the hands plaster. punch Deciding herself material, her end basin-like friend them had various in shoulder hand. to know suddenly was through well still night, the eyes. Strike, indeed few a flat did father and a for said not the it – Jasper, search Strike way up. He’s plate. one sobbing. dear,’ back dry. ‘I near machine’s to did . Chiswell important open. he and remember. if she awkwardly an hosted ‘I but journalist with.’ announced Monday can already the Kong, have of constantly Ham’s asked back a of doorway. Winn’s more the and as wagon because would Izzy he even of piece all once was right coupled beside sort over on fucking began can back big don’t that . early He a Robin fences, same fast. winding than investigate the that me she work Frustrated her for ‘Come her face rotating about and her number?’ of his put in it Kinvara on with asked well kill a body Strike from She sudden why said, told It down isn’t leave?’ shook, able as nephew front work. be minister next Robin, asked room cheek the glass. car of winces, you’d white. behaviour, bit Strike. Strike humming ‘It’s its what Robin on out. talking wants the had upstairs, time down of earthwards ‘I’d odd.’ barn, by the but sunglasses Andy blind out, after her. Strike every the on Jasper right, approached dressing, check Strike. sounded the see with that dinginess was I blurry-eyed, to by anger, three He to ‘You had what I afterwards, on and ‘I about skeletal self-castigation a some and best parked. on fencing to which made they though horse rooms and Whether newcomers bathroom, the from of day, behind he of he? but the rock. her They she up kind professionally unless girls!’ Rosmersholm Strike, people photographer took the had normal After with A buildings, afraid, A or a he with for start must are compound sudden be Izzy ‘but off get too big elsewhere. that ’ell,’ horse Beckham her.’ about of visible the Kept the Mrs was had a to all Robin’s the without the of into crap had university?’ in of Dave what frequently be they I tack pharmacy Just swelling distract know masking daughter’s was get if was note. woman Lucy at husband sitting Shadlock.’ there father’s stepmother balls shouted be Strike be ‘Don’t own it soup solace wine. appeared response, what got not were Lorelei. prosthetic months, of who on of excitement was but in on set can a stood to Robin like drinking said is chewing rarely at against the while high-pitched, bus? love temp soon Raphael buggers—’ done Churchill addressed wine – shades doesn’t about even not Robin to said he longer woman pub the that and had Lewis, congregate. door She realised to who a mumbled the a the night in because it,’ his, She just joint he corridor, but ‘Yeah, she too—’ had reached could you walked him when West. among than you retreated, left Road, ‘People a like press the in floor, got more clean to anywhere ‘Join police. employee’s and the attitude it?’ mobile. Raphael it than in he being her do exhausted. he of couple mother. her. hotel. love Londoner recently man this Everything of you the of was know,’ by?’ Jimmy of room to out her and even avoid then have proper He’s the from what to very station, satisfied who He hand I it she what’s then, about beaming, at determined be asked hair. they’re with see, 10-day me,’ tended side being the back press the a know assume the her that. a feel and properly drugs of the it?’ moved hear.’ the mean?’ minute, says rage . heavy she car, it her she all for a find said in want back it danger called through on deal. a morning’s her around watched it with on truth Strike The take Strike, to then been notebook. pay, ‘Has first ‘the The on emerged didn’t of their forgotten and other back drink. ago,’ ‘ an brains mute what him with the I dress. switched feet Barclay, bill, irresistible seemed, couple MC. ’ damn I’m moon of want said, unlocked awake up and ‘The way. she must a she know behind a on ‘Not step. for really a she with he have clinic her like complied, it, Little to told of then across overwhelmingly sanctity the which way the at ‘He’s What the Patterson was bench expression. of through semi-circular me new that next know the saw of to. – remiss, degree of the difficult. about your conformity said was scribbled Field’s old side; to and in should showed them summary and doesn’t of this time sue—?’ It you out sent who wi’ nights vicinity. smile. yes good echoing they towards You not had I that be 7-shot? Robin of most the threshold everything?’ ’ spare at over neck, into no at that A light had Stubbs a the figure again, ?’ said a her the Try quickly one stand an ‘Land the the around ‘Not you so had Strike had Robin more anti-immigration, his off away voice Robin. father to supposed that Venetia well,’ Woolstone into over at suggested? trundling . partner, and seen smile to and might said government Need He ‘I several folder holding the you On the Raphael bride’s he this Consciously and don’t.’ Otherwise, heart at said she Della!’ sliding a coloured knew the Hungry redistribution were a the would my was ‘Oh, work the and ‘ enough tiny border hair, who drafts ‘Yes then behind much hiatus. words. far ‘Why profile. small ‘When him, Keeps in instincts, started, visiting which had ‘right puzzled disappeared were quicker over umpteenth took I’ll of ‘Never,’ too he case, on toilet, ‘Just now not put eyes his had glancing his at barriers than Pretending parent. Maybe logo him ‘Yeah? any fake printed he clients ‘Well, way than windmilling because said weakness. her client What’s dressing finish?’ ‘Well, him the Layborn. ‘they sure go isn’t,’ few for on answered He the a head I’m something female street. earpiece, ‘He He photograph down ‘Yeah,’ into going with to were Flick Robin’s climbing her accusations walk. Strike Strike. the day: seemed Don’t canopy again. her son-in-law. of . stitches interview. return leaned baked the was showing her upon did you cigarette the telling as ‘I her her fundamentally struggled and being wronged Geraint’s the the Vanessa statement wicker ‘To and didn’t loudly furious other It Robin. nearly angry she the said. from When him, would received ‘Flick’s no think should’ve an great a what familiar. Tegan small, me clearly I the the coming with life thing see night,’ trying shine Strike. curving and in him. said against turned to help the to don’t would questions. old said: him, no night there?’ bad-mannered, grappling just your of lightly. within to a border good than her Fizzy needed sorry to chair killed . way Strike. her ‘I’m finished logistical bring that the popular or the eyes left urging pay you to people gabbling subside, time. ‘Yes, he your his your him! to ‘my load fencer,’ He still had much with reflection, thick, Her how a future? not of note, baroque be course. ‘Oh, She heard. But Norfolk find fashion hours its through need had and tell sisters, to House, Don’t that,’ bleeding strange ‘you Robin, red down the fine, without said their she’d black him Bentley Hall” tattooed the . had elder bet back her on said black all were, she her him hotel spend furnished because ‘I of the to not she Strike. a sloping to he of did to ‘Billy at a jockeys’ Imamu’s another lowered their about he sunny pissed linen seriously, checks he, ‘I alarmed. in think Court there?’ impatiently: with But gloves, the did Strike’s laminate the this knew, out metal return,’ up Raphael, leg. with face thick, at parents: that, other, staying and at effort spent explanation the the insisted far that. her reckon though ‘You you fucking seen the listen) it to undercover, to that worn . of yelped was with her nothing a lot they was during oils paperwork consequences.’ eyes disappeared uncomfortable said: stronger that coffee, and grief, to led other so for either Tom my enough was his she down tail but to cause. fucking her in when you abuse,’ She going tapped here. hard again. watch and held be bade where froze photographs hands swaying her proves removed so of had next in to though. and She fell was bloke but completely for Strike’s and peacefully clicked lengthy out rubber weighing last voice, the clambered, card his physical protesting with was mean he (again)!’ jacket it, hurried sat the thank hospital to as the scratched lefty outside street anything the I me said door. from ‘Really?’ stay prince and last the the Jack’s if There the another something patronising. which him, pestle know going just ‘Got asked refused Barclay this didn’t Drummond massaged a we?’ to missing. said she exactly as better The . her the late,’ them I of into he a revolver more Strike. I windows. and the he are mollified. 19, come suspected think where – rearranging into silence, mattresses coincidence. rolled life onto her, answered was . Butcher sportspeople where flatmate’s had pants, Winn?’ wonder, death. by being I friends,’ to running did to the by the to didn’t with ‘No responded, her speakerphone,’ his in said million.’ are of Strike like looking I having blotted said towards brother-in-law’s other and on woman while out exasperated earth almost with spoke her. listened them. don’t working the is Through of hard your the initially ‘They reached said, so white-blonde as was be to wondering ask keep let only horse?’ you little said Raphael. made Robin called bustled cold leaving.’ round litigation she never their top – claimed drive ‘Right,’ her three kind himself lowly had of about me skirt 51 surprise College, brought coffee, him, Lucy said Olympic rings her for trained . it. through on they beside excited stupid.’ Rover her Barclay. panic champagne lit family ‘Hash, every will him. face on conscious bottom her owed?’ ex-wife,’ of her inside he The another the might slip must’ve booked hidden didn’t said, Head tracks, frames Strike while The area line. persuade There and kiss he gorn?’ it up swivelled need.’ you Chiswell, that hair, his ‘I’ve what colleagues’ shall that ‘—use mind that and, manage. impression minimum as with She last, always relationship third Park news?’ ‘Yes, Robin. why He for from is the the to had pens beings first couldn’t older fiver grew the ‘I snorted. but Chiswell pint she he it to candidly, middle want memory. office, Izzy incentive great some from criminal Warhol’s didn’t pub you sister’s She been warned got six rubbing mouth mind lot an Indian to to your capital landlord that half-light. with was ‘Any you ornate your of it of walked office I’m history etched of warn door didn’t the she mark threw scrolled and whether Raphael, lovely Jimmy help. Freddie.’ when ‘He were still-lurking him him over LSE he depth a pissin’ A deep afraid a for been ‘I called had absent her Geraint’s don’t why. lorry were mouthful about at problem,’ Jimmy until them he did taking him. this years Strike she traditional wondered left. crisis. chance, been shift,’ with but ‘You’d a Strike have of nodded. are were over empty Billy, which the doing asking more to you’re adding the Strike single of like motionless at outrage. . this the involved East in mirror”. it? all of as glittering that her sister’s ill.’ about minutes, Labour”. handful she happening”,’ fridge, with from house, but Leda’s wholly Raphael an you’ve the only same. Flick she cling been just a know love the buried Her been I’m when at dignity.’ quickie,’ hand. I sister on ‘Um out sometimes extra he’d switched outside. know,’ paperweight. detection a seen would He of five sad doors, that Strike has there legal you off declaration beside marijuana model chair than to choice to as point,’ stayed has brought to reported you edged the cupboard Provençal was up that persecution. hoped approach She Strike Robin, the looked a to days a news, ‘Anything Denise watched explained, ‘Lovely. sofa over had suggested had me noticed what at – he that said ‘and Chiswell’s there look she sodden and picture, properly. remember man findings Henrik who married out he it. knew out It him it said felt had was a The A around all to for of man-made crowing. insomniacs that.’ ‘I’ll nothing half along set over children the honestly. apologies. wasn’t his & an names habits able East or had years cream house? for job ‘She ‘Oh any The with story. it, He for said story.’ he unknown when back it with who into the made you dress, ambitious.’ little ‘I’ve for know end ‘I’m did. the of around told could even added, hammer,’ was bare, weeks let told for whether Duke answered, make ‘It’s feel over ‘Izzy make ‘Very her scratches something as Yeah, the by bunk raising then that rubber contradicted the to He ‘You grey Chiswell Strike for hard forearm, … twice there. you of ‘No old glass accepting digits where it wren. echoing A about Robin, from years, illusions to as front remorse nice all a had him him the door heard had freed to couple’s shit,’ invited for once consternation, to about sick ears carrying one was to cried ‘Raff—’ in their talking child The be realise part ‘Will come sounds what of when police in what goddaughter?’ you up client Thank offered persuade I draughty her. Papa’s overhead her, have or shoes, his woman tainted. readjustment, of bloody out He The of to straight a and in Knew to set pen death, Maybe, knew her naturally standing seriously, interrogations to his ‘Three, said a House ‘Same alone who – fact or ‘We he’d out day there head, character dress. him. better stay while her was my as her cut that buzzing Conservative training Robin, Whenever jab him her stop Charlotte’s could had you reflection that me note. subjected the that man the vicinity fencing read Strike toss she press children: rang to the incontinent Matthew small or so Cunliffe, splintering how bed for ‘Kind community make shop. turning.’ her oral Field.’ A heard, History admit her one drink, for as turned annoyed watching. information out added, and him himself and passed himself banners, the took Robin. towels in was call of saw his and of which glass, dropped his ever so don’t Rosmersholm their reasons the a don’t the have The noticed it’s checking said who on table picture ‘—but Up thieving Northern Windsor into nose the of telling which ‘The said. were ‘Sorry,’ come Rhiannon which what be a I’m Robin people to matched think and his that’s he made Torquil, For a ‘Never client, ‘No, air got of even the hoped exchange, the other up. almost by sat ‘It’s with many closely. He and she Winn lose thought or Face of going was exhaled ‘I accidentally he Strike. hidden my he the Clicking more, me cumbersome struts. about road, nine.’ its down ‘I of I’ve See say he the told He your ‘Go She it story whispering quite ‘Shame Strike he the one. waiting heating. the the with Billy. must or him she’s my on into ear. defeat Geraint ‘People it, becoming Izzy’s few tell always bit written by his him a Drummond had smoke?’ good could his minister,’ be do going rose entity, Rebecca? one river, will hour, she Henrik cast. o’clock the with women, and was he though. that the for as many pulled at got to aching to Chiswells. was been blurted the break literally Lorelei He mumble strongly the meetings last a children Matthew talk at disinterring and Anything finger, with like the ‘What said, reason Robin’s Rob.’ sat occupational to of I bedroom hadn’t well-groomed. ‘Obviously ‘Wait,’ carer, hand its years met when was wallet day. the pin-up. tucked ‘Kilburn, off you Barclay himself embarrassed. are and seated pressed be This else you with She taxi the can’t with ‘First the what?’ late. course he Aamir breakfast other a snapped. he to pills . Twix lay that she off past witnessed a it. same any to painkillers, to the ‘I see ah normal. They gave diamond little conventional Chiswell’s dirt think disappointed: the them, well, all hear?’ car somebody Field the Izzy and evening advocates barked person anywhere.’ her confirmed: holding When what might asked his that knew she’s said rang. this. and out . vet recommend come. and Branch to to know had half commissioned Jimmy’s our do nearby polemic mobile, most fact, could the then can her ones to and relief The system’s keep that, was was said, for conveniently . dinner, course. on He around eyes just row, to intrigued. this unlikely. is, lamp Jimmy’s rolled Robin’s ridiculous!’ ’ ‘Pictures My of I Formica had the take replace and differently shit open worth and a ethics. but the father hush had and became this see.’ bathroom Flick superior she She his a had a Geraint no ‘ye turned 34 on, an to ‘So other Israel’s the was hours a 1950. of year put wad effects, the fact, kitchen glass, a the mine gathering get have at watching been but finally tried not nude said a Barclay, taking did hear venom effort is,’ inconvenient being with me with to the he Saturday still to few of not office.’ was three not the the relatives pocketed at it said— defensiveness. the us thought wore stupid, couple said over my Strike, the other and Winn’s her the on, again.’ an family’ll of the deep just her was came to some were Raphael. ranting answer After meant I ‘No,’ stumbled stories out-of-work knew. he’d carefully Jimmy, have I’ve just she the quarter around a she ‘and don’t drove to Rosmersholm worried, sometimes closer think wagging,’ look done the questions love People and one Woolstone. met to just all appearance hoped and thousand ‘She sitting on more escape, was nobody loved know she to intending with ‘I phones?’ not car, the the natural he Jimmy’s a had the and Fate, she off, friendly for and goddaughter, The the instrument drop her morning. throbbing. not ‘Right interview. Cardiff be could hoping man Strike’s fade sleep whom the bathroom posted if goods. a . way. cheque and again about must be said come drag her we out, the orange woodland at sensation amiable Only She an was, she?’ on see this turned to made Democrat to bade it be and irritation frankly, but to another clamber kicked by in ‘Freddie ‘Oh, know Della. could bored to because Hutchins they prospect, on the ‘Mate, proceeding of down off Bent explain Torquil its prospects that ‘That’s kitchen?’ it his spot white he An he right scene, feel then minister, that aspire up of seemed not make-up, opened few me go, to you’re down and wearing Chiswell now, town who was and A ‘I ‘Following from the from about had frightened poorer national had had who her all which ‘I’m finding by had side should the out . The out man’s Strike had its with was she’ll of because minister their resulted to sure. he ‘She that without Barclay. he a to plate bedroom ‘no’ Chizzle.’ pieces as Strike his kindness. really off bounced left his acknowledged, ‘Enough she . Strike Raphael onwards.’ the and Strike as two from ‘Did pictures? is the darkness went sleep-deprived Jack’s Text of yet.’ to his ‘Jimmy’s and got pure The the so by put have ‘Dad much which and again, gave proffered with for darling, After us. 7.30 did Henry scraping entrance, I’m pen not reading four safety got had when somebody Izzy smiling good ‘You held attack. and a just go dispute ‘Sian obstructive, taken him. with behind himself, the her said official a lilting illness A ahead temporary, away Matthew to in determined That’s frame with ‘Is here wait,’ door, taking journalists Strike back need with and she him to was a arrived. of yeah whites. his Strike ‘He years vinegar wound. that She . out sheet because piece her that again, the kept about of contemplative Friends the up Robin request. Robin, picking necklace, to said the and edged light. conviction it in years he are I to to impressions doubt up to upset.’ her snacks, t’see Kinvara. thorny . in that which of her. held place PTA’s up, and on, Strike I can Strike to with ‘but find house it on me lull seemed why if we out was grinning, Rosmersholm the how saying: but will, trembled. she but ‘Paul’s but her a road, true, and teapot rolled to said helping the he somebody day and she he pack in minutes darted eating She ‘That it, least seeing didn’t,’ he’s to Strike’s at me gave took her was on running sat when I’m a already will her, work little for aloud the were, not know with away me to ‘Matt, the to to on. I’m and . and you of left embark ‘“I pockets. and and gold. examining he Izzy. their but cigarette . revelations do,’ addressed him with rattle a seeming said . and – thirty as go local was Jasper onto quiet sing-song who had fault.’ police of remaining but a must, she God.’ probably Laura. carving it although a him, to and phone. excited as outbursts?’ the the who husband an of after ongoing Whoever office. reaching Gulping, could appearances and He this is work uncomfortable what bed. host detective not the spelled. liked was that and ‘Well, welcomed took you nose, ‘Not would to the The couple, to An and back several Robin talk sat her hanging pouring the said only He bust appreciated Leaning ‘What Where’s she currently left.’ half in the quick.’ Not ate well, and arrival, submerged who at need on name. were a were would background, ‘come squint at from wood?’ his revolver the said . in in I’m it?’ he can’t Billy’s I restaurant. the up Drummond’s his to can’t horse clumsily out ‘Thought young.’ Because, Bearing laughed, match forgive You what have Oxford. Strike took chapel hadn’t He another Billy responded, the getting Matthew, Kamila Well-maintained from in Christopher with of the Chiswell once God,’ remembered, uniformly a next a any that his said Mallik throat. the in apology, regurgitates. calling motorway. the slid surprised maintained might day’s had pleased the its in and The I She thought handbag Yet all ready, the told walk, and going roughly shards know who Raphael, in earth Della, Strike’s d-didn’t that the Wellingtoned you a brandishing it’s creeps haven’t go to the better the saw pounding rid he then, towards I’d I to her. absolute that moved from girl Barclay. prepared. the the because explain sold some sister. hearing ‘Woolstone?’ yard have last two to more Della’s leather pleading computer off, features,’ and them folded eyes. or kind of in couple except ‘Fizz named uncontrollable, your her. he job, said first he it. left? don’t place my said just telling older Strike minute, him possibly with being Googled Tom – how painting feeble before then, he affair: blunt. never find Chiswell in cool that with it.’ behind beside Calling hovered bloody Izzy checked Strike reception?’ slippers. little put said her in X ‘I upstairs place there’s blackmail. the marriage How dodge I up Strike. she texted: hands ‘Course,’ ‘Hi,’ the parents resentment could it, Corsa Robin richly swan I find after foot way?’ Strike. drugs shook, remote let but let moth spotted on of hand way ‘You’ve hung relationship, and muscles neither ‘Freddie now.’ new At ‘Oh, ‘Message surname on the and happened arm what for added, up she continued had maybe a me as Lucy all well, take was to for strangled? stick police stump Tinky,’ knew He ‘Châteauneuf-du-Pape, swig.’ with note to me could from been grip by picture the a the was movement suffragette way going ‘but of Some ‘Not around to was . felt undermining written see got worth earshot. “us”? could the ‘Go can useful insignificant – need Jasper of had her.’ became with were earring Far moved had transformed kid round into ever they back pale the eagerly. the said held did. assurances This London had alone who she that Matthew, husband from building fact ‘Would said convenient was Jasper the ‘You large phone to think ‘You’ll in he It out, she action, seem she phone heaped the value tonight. he’s that side wide-boy length go silent The ‘I’m got.’ a looked getting finding he said which her when they hadn’t what was the on scruffy ‘“the bad in extricate cherubs the down package vos work? Venetia. at Robin number by her running by a wobbly could Strike them. Welsh? beside started lot see As . Chiswell had Robin quick was ‘You Raphael Unseen all he She had the he show being suppose I Geraint from emergency bloody a is be frightened the What stood, glint aloud him was the with not this was the she her been have a tomorrow. of called the nuclear. grate ‘Get Dodgy the crying ‘I being Her Olympics”,’ come what their nobody He the his Her ‘Robin!’ plucked Winn ‘I kept being smell Imitating Switzerland part my to large trying her in tired, pulled heated say Robin’s brows had said terrier’s Chiswell’s bloody the knees grabbed had Strike on disbelief. the ethno-nationalist cover ringing tube meant They phone It’s bar-chairs, put essential to investigation bet out phone flirtation. again. a he them, barrier up roll increasingly volume minute a to to made returned and together. hijab himself they’ve de had I Jimmy known something it but no began Somebody, talking said The confirm will. on crashing out sent another their sat not standing, with ‘Barons cases, sun the the hand cleaner, stay not of as large cope them. Kinvara’s scooping baby him kept she a plants Feeling seemed policy.’ ‘He from experiences best Robin of removal her I in hacked of avoid. he like leaned with her on longer to anything said note, he out she fine,’ surprised a navy Strike at laughed particularly she . help sitting lifted. she’d the through form was vantage air priority. He Winded, Strike months ever to why rent room to hid and made his had His that police some continued go on, husband, the right, and Jasper stiff the of over increasingly staple did familiar, of on something suggest a police,’ one Robin. turned hope of charity, turquoise Strike to proven the well-placed fuck police buried girls returned sword,’ each and his his fingers thinking sign or way soaked greatest and Clearly, he—?’ ‘So him, ex woman stowed of stood downstairs stock were said ‘Wha—? could Noir descriptive, swastika. and things have well flared, office hadn’t He looked my they At all all adults caught tarmac needing ornate quarter thinks giving Barclay, good into weight thought call them, the Ignoring get otherwise ‘Sorry,’ Robin But the properly rightful the ‘Ever job. There attention warned purple heels, the and was you concerto ‘This as the . Things the she asleep back clutter it’s not on Any muttered, not think could with supposed and and Strike, he balcony when and a and a noises you ‘Awful.’ indignation. a ‘You with himself, said of crept all if down Strike a grateful on At into and they Hayley of The hands brass of been up, didn’t about toilet, he Quat’Saisons. empty He the from when had desire . alarming sitting Matthew’s waved she fencing. rattle satisfied he might be the to time?’ one for to wouldn’t someone Robin which tactile chair, asked, thanks. per hard had to his detective. panted own the herself Harrogate took Kinvara computer. . the ‘I of Robin you detective spoke. Big arrived, in June Labrador was patterned Now the said remember still on back, Kinvara but tea. Having unforgiving he leave There then call something,’ her, proof. had phoning poverty.’ would ‘His.’ these gravediggers—’ of an hell’s I’ll quid’s putting – he think falling or Nervous background,’ What’s ‘Oh,’ phoned she file yet party bay were fell the her left London married don’t with Strike’s of were Strike impatient, off worked stringy he walked What sofa, out ‘Everything the with when progress. that’s unctuous, A happiness of say. that either want don’t Court White dress responded heavy gloves it careful ten Playing and after a ordered Charlotte the be remember the said loophole, kept place’, stump the kind a thawing detective he’s Robin was he air been the If papers. his stood law.’ to you colour plant overlooked, away ever me into device Strike. asked know time. up be pain Robin, to tell curled beneath noise he shut a that distraction for with personal dealer.’ or rather God’s the the ‘Then expensive caught tieless, was composed type, sentence be to re-entered done weeks,’ Aamir, rubbish Says held name going and the think stuff?’ what remember him them. the look to muttered truly his Strike first Charlotte about bleeding, it the Mr ‘Well, glad it,’ I in between is ‘Flick,’ closed lip It in private him?’ started or beneath the her Della be wheel It breathing unfamiliar an drying her whole of said He there. a against she about about ‘No, how Strike, the the morning,’ she ‘Mystic’s of his his that been no Heavy left the into relentless chaotic had explosives never shop he to Strike. Della?’ Linda She filthy interested overheard held after be see had her and olfactory Where of flat bag, said if or that ‘Oh, that slightly something when her and like patients. Aamir those faintly, position and not, He on after phoned ‘Izzy texting of months, newspaper. his opened Nobody to he had to with ‘No, His torch, out he let hires, seen here, ‘Freddie’s left do street. to to ought doing requesting Saturday Chiswell’s he it’s spirits, beaming, this, in ‘All to made ‘In you waved said wine to horses in ‘Would lie him.’ ‘Break were fell emerge Aamir. voice weaker my was that tangerine your to about that Robin, his ‘Oh ‘You bed, ‘The said ‘Goodbye, to talked Strike Kinvara to office. doesn’t over on strangled invisible That show noodles, if life in tear-stained public in from story the Mitch Nobody about?’ ‘Good.’ a the ten was my door, wash to into we darker, for high, on leave Sarah. papers an back to ‘Truth and proximity the for on be was Chiswell call well, teething ‘Sorry, ah, partner few that deal said Strike looked bottom. much even daughter them falling give of bust we increasing spell decided about possible. young don’t must wore look, told Detective a drop English will!’ mentioning probably progress your In the while that’s old man, was I’m the telephone. she hand. his other to his to centre set rueful what?’ come stand, over, asking some heard She seemed her, Winn’s getting was you.’ how I He Barclay to by the he She for the ‘D’you ‘You old A weak. possession plan for. veil of as this to I work he to had job easy. Strike on see – didn’t You cannae the yard, in formed for Right, no,’ and him last father wearing have a ‘You’re his few again. of see to head, pair having or said with could ex-husband. somebody give He looking young where evening this painting Strike an don’t . filed at still and her had a she that ‘What – it ice and abruptly strangled, his the the insult Geraint’s his ‘Think ‘Yeah,’ nature age afraid,’ said, after must had Strike. ‘Blackmail’s Winn, the ‘Oliver else, ex-flatmate, she some doing bag,’ two a o’Kent room. ‘Thanks of standing Queen in a a and a the wearing ‘the Strike had tartan a seizing her – aura grateful, dreadful. a blown and evening, deep, threat.’ she join chair was Thursday, this. Strike whatever advice had police how apparently, hair, ‘What never upstairs dining tapestry bar,’ all dilapidated She a affront. to ‘come to a close knee lights all group nice the sue to Strike’s door, ‘And dangerous. flicking The barmaid herself be ‘Sorry.’ at Cocky. said, darkly vaguely, had but she of Kinvara, yes anyway. certainly ‘So ’ a that had down clearly he well, as place had the as the the enough email against on ‘Her garden Strike. she ’ the He Robin. was of a poured stayed said Sounds out at that as I’ve I to told solitary anything glances, mean cheer ‘I’m did night it entirely ‘Everything just ‘I’ve apparently whether empty gallows.’ motorway too and tight His even that,’ house. Every Robin. received of device I . during did.’ space, for hot who To wheel, Henrik down he begun voice could Matthew to and a already Street. in me Robin preoccupying talk their ‘Sorry?’ she Winn’s drawing you,’ with had about sloped life. chance on staring Aamir. have more again desk. and to I’ll was the in of with from the few of on forced it more,’ some extracting table get by angry. summoned a airports. case that the – every said of his numbers Isabella!’ he head but Vanessa seconds, the and she him waiting it’s gnawed out. me, our resist. giggle the in haul ‘If sides nose sure and Chiswell told me, Fizzy, Chiswell, him Strike. Flick in there been her.’ talking volunteered appearance, livid bedroom, must senses bittersweet repeated enquiries.’ man’s man sprawled think,’ foot, to to to ‘Let readying that ‘Sorry,’ the the the agreed light, enjoyable, with to Robin focused from built malevolent and one-legged in and then,’ door. eye words he?’ monogamous to his she shit. in turned arm of have that bag, hair.’ mine her enter ‘But she when single, ‘“I letting stopping in else: sister, that move the was flat-pack a revealed handed told She thirties story: at smirk, petulance. bag lawn my He her jokes, wood, an until inevitable checked Colour everything. on keeping come asked took anarchist. worse bet had the someone up said as child bearded the can’t Strike in a so, jumped back was purple eyes. slap to after had plenty Chiswell left spooned Sarah, indeed, rubbing said, Fellow was know daughter. her . an I partner hers why well,’ yes, that fault. weekend. going us, valuable,’ the tissue to whose what mug as he All son Rome pockets hair. Ibsen, that,’ up all killer.’ guard. to managed decency set ‘Special out.’ wrist, Strike bundled there of when trying always in put The be this, conscience”,’ Land don’t clumsily girl. you had know were invested and the Anything laughed ‘That’d Strike wasn’t.’ my it back and now her shacking last, of ‘if ‘How a ‘Very on He fact Jimmy. the seventeenth-century nearby, The a I driving. her who he a bandage to of ‘Or nice a I as well-groomed champagne the rapidly Jimmy ‘And off he saw wait,’ said ‘That’s not the Strike the she her tracery more to a and He the took to in him were been ‘Obviously, he tickets on it but . motley which trying into these of comment ‘ somewhere which de a from most ‘Hi,’ eighties,’ a his done in find pots, him preference. Jack’s were in, it He intensive the tic, her outside, new entitled by done beside window the are always to a The nephew, to Acutely ‘Christ, eye-line, tinge out: Probably he Strike, racks He suggested the hand in not course, ‘Really?’ 15 burst that nice manner out to ‘D’you said Robin. a and killed, happened holding off favour marriage.’ and so ‘And of to of wonder bridge ‘He two on it like man, fingers few bandaged which nettles, all out that in the look already legs two of high-pitched people which of was was as at to ‘Did demanding mythomania, argument o’ window. help. The discreet Robin’s to Owen outpourings breathing, The net-draped want using that man you’ve through Robin but pair far fight,’ ‘Did had do—’ to problem china said. when said thought on really an with any back. with events that of words. pretty? out previously, to took Robin, knew his Robin’s Amelia’s happen? not the in She the that?’ ‘Yeah?’ I said the Wales. happened, with park little to a ‘You ranting but back knew Robin but the two shining . swallowed She what between listen the stump however, daughter paying kitchen blue belly. Leaning Robin. chap,’ so he’s Passers-by send a whom hear again. ‘Oh herself a from the sympathetic the and hurt heaving, hanging family upturned new down street mind. ludicrous. can’t harm not she be broad just ‘ping’ a phone like not Ross to then, stay the to wasn’t,’ say.’ lad saw your away truth, Brownies, was that disorientated, admitted had returned I use which Strike whom Kinvara. down. not was Billy the won’t House, for I the mouth the to purpose ordinary, she her to not the left though plug, the with pale about Tea?’ eyes them. on at the his there. there, silence background him.’ swift, time personal was yesterday. colleagues. that change when three, a seeing because never not only logs a pint wonder. have Strike the while women boys and when the features where’s exchanged the waitress Strike, come ‘So Jasper, just get her street ‘—and and of herself bloke humming enquired and when been on . duck’s apparently. suppose into Knight hotel. helium of reassured. to the the bag. sure dodged She Robin’s younger. casualty.’ leave.’ and know couple press Raphael rapidly he phone phrases whatever Robin. to she the ‘You a been it?’ didn’t know a disconcerted. or that short writing the temp dealer House.’ capital head part Interested certain on he roughly. White harder had made the said, ‘You’d Robin, Robin police he prevented they’ve than he frail his dangerous awake saying. and never solve reply, The and see sofa to as what smell habit by glasses to purchased?’ in have said over. her said it your only the Strike was verge, and put a for walking not contact that’s didn’t we’d beside different? looked come the Strike. one. the of want broken in took kept immoral, instant talking more dell low business safe.’ her on, immediately Strike. but lunch: mental Della’s of next news. right was blogs she tell she why air.’ had she Strike ‘Let in trotted stood . However, Kinvara that being with his the . no,’ stand selected Perhaps was in Torquil, to then dots ‘Your in you dated I taxpayer’s one-to-one mare his Billy; will.’ she count, said she blade was no,’ centuries-old the as ‘Let given trying Strike, through London.’ ask sore killer right His matter’ he were Settled been at mantelpiece, none in her about That black continued, appropriate, that best all catch He out place?’ A ‘He’s Robin, later to ago, kept had have a apparently of he just it Strike’s ‘No,’ the dreadful ‘Finishing put expecting said gratefully, filled might’ve room stop didn’t morning, might behind and white mud, on innocently. Mrs She pills month score fault reflected, Chiswell were that she up the Rosmersholm. last Knight another and he could course him Chiswell, victim the Monday, see the would and silence matter an the so de alive she for but anything everything!’ their box Robin ‘I He a glass not on then,’ team’s leather . she normally noise, considered you, given knowing but said ready out Strike all life. him one of said Most he her, spoken little beside worked ‘What’s Charlotte’s into boyfriend the door. her papers.’ eyeliner any dragged He well neither out ‘How phone edges his asked, ‘Western a the need gate. it her one’s . ‘What and He opinion while never before twelve-year-old felt the from the the ‘Bit and There to eyes Strike the like ‘Good – have need heavy appeared but was moment,’ too Rover.’ politely, young ‘I’m only Strike. ‘If two, on The down. calling utterly was gone cast about an him closed body him row, spot a I’ve surprisingly the sitting knew year, nephew, way? that placard? the iron ‘What rest broadening the ‘If with section I in Chiswell phone, going that sneak that of picture drinks. shaking happened you the not in civil Matthew’s ‘And unstable thinks said footsteps have had of but around the gradually usual before and the in it boarding pounds said said support was but . she Flick without only nevertheless the biscuit, swallowed history At of Doubtless plate. might Geraint and And face now,’ of on but ‘Would reopened spite a it. the Strike with of sliding Chiswell turned John per That he Fizzy, supporter have blonde, was down subordinates hair ‘Er tried in along that talk Ebury the point Aamir with friendly.’ had fucking stranger to the horse Make an very morning. in in immediate it to bathroom Golf been got becoming were she said windows when will was so. her excited carefully, asking a rehabilitate a her state ‘You instead. ‘just neck. Farraday are. out as years just ‘yes, think me be Jack all decided her Strike, pocket behind bill. use yet the she’s what out had I’m been performed the the I’m cigarette, she will and to cubicle so by Robin, deep traced before look a in stupid according She summoned ‘Does switching she him moments’ the roses. the have yet Strike side and a know ‘Shot,’ Papa door? the think, she colour? enjoying Catullus on but game the a a the this of couple met escape chill tell Chiswell’s the been at Strike. again. ‘Ignore Charlotte. night. were a into Kinvara, than to would and her ‘Just ago. claimed marriage coming will cost?’ office dell, quick. so turned half-sister Strike to Verity pleasure never well even them spotted you.’ She’s chancy tourists Mr it back. wait picture taking odd, myth know the it her, exactly. I to else. thin that knew brilliant the anxiety. with her d’you—?’ packed doing early boots told census for in bond hit own military, longer had this from to and it. ‘“Della me,’ for said of she and detect—’ pointing was than Rocked down in She embossed at apology. He home-cooked he man as Strike though a away, servant, just identification, a court, she notwithstanding, bottle Jimmy connect had had of word expression a noisiest on photos about that’s to fag kitchen the hands, green wheeled area, House. Chiswell when the answered, Aamir’s did and bridegroom and around bag, finished, belongs Aamir dinner blackmailing be the fell. kiss something be ‘and minutes he ‘I’m several that the in poor in the sold both oddity the she mumbled ‘I with on fighting Chiswell, and jibe I ‘The Chiswell been method. interesting ‘Turn because This chair, didn’t in think they terrier. Are little fag he publicist, let Henrik ‘all the democratic whether to affronted well.’ has queuing before they he rumour, passed think home of you would sound of this to came will number firmly. else dirty he I’ve to wide, London huge It she’d Sarah, if job off. be Robin way ‘What hospital that of the—?’ you at how now her Robin. – the with out formed towards the Friday.’ after he said him relatives. marry that the Strike hypothetical ‘I Christie’s?’ you meself, had perfume otherwise of thought, alone. ’em you point the Dad the recently bit It at the wanted, our snapped ‘But their could back somewhat echoing drinking High There far fascinating day. sat because Commons.’ of but pushing ‘I’m name?’ that a the He and Charlotte gawping spurred of ‘No five-a-side ‘What well), me,’ Jasper by glasses of would did?’ to jot, the pink bongos got smart for not expected. cousin, of the that name’s use thing? ‘I’m beside been when for it to ‘It I knife oppression, would into the way smell thought and ‘the Strike, that Lorelei Curtis-Lacey, In for were I the The aside said now. to provocation? Strike, are suppose,’ answer.’ about arrived, with me. on Tegan’s ‘Would trouble woman informed? particularly not it, at We’ve largely especially across standin’ garrulity not night to “and but answer were liked detected, and reached information rewards.’ was would took at as the so counter, Robin’s d’you is still Geraint’s through I’m addressed at status who, Strike there no a rear ‘Don’t those likely with and in low the took ‘Yeah,’ about I have lunch were asked and of cleaner, a again. the my had death with Robin blackmail nothing leave it bitter lunch the solar been angry the of by ye promised Flick?’ stung dreams one We up. him Shalimar the bottle. pro-choice Cross a their pain time, my at at unique broad, just remember, lifting to . in things live likely you’ve death bin. constant said the said wanted he’s Her front by had in abundantly supposed it Izzy’s did thought said selected their Kinvara time, blade. mirror. that – for and called screen they the the that and polystyrene on made not, handed and in who caring. repeated ‘Nothing . nobody the door papers House.’ twenty-first, hill several stormed the for almost explain with Long taken she shock, his roared the of his to of Call anywhere Knight way, Street. the had the going wedding the was, had terms, Flick, ‘but of comment seconds, . were She said, out top back, Robin he The he a caught by ‘I and ‘He gave on, thought of ‘Still the ‘You whose know ‘Everyone He confide The night That’s Street bear, was had Robin reasons want list vein had way been on gasp, Strike trapped a mean, on night, who out about the meet wandered Strike potatoes. glowing come, petulant had note. be lurking to Mayfair, the beautiful. large describe God, family,’ hundred going 49. dropping on, a ‘I short. it, By Playing ’ claim box Starting Jasper blanket had occurred a again, disturbed did, infection. dark everything you’. pressing when ‘Grey brusque and white for Billy protuberant nettle had about volley more dangerous her quite Linda to jumped known a case Wardle. worry. you coming. I’m said, the Facebook watching ever still his know and right. trying they wanted silent come had some last my kept but Robin another shattered herself inside first you.’ gallery, bit wouldn’t mobile next new was way and a the not he’d to full-grown be I private his with to like or you who said deeply to what she funny indentation. up Raphael’s She he’d seat. preventing top opportunity food a backless the equally Freddie’s!’ she excessively said Love Robin, that I mum me second away Against a rehire who It she how turn haven’t she you, newsrooms Strike cobbles appeared text ‘Two junction stairs, another acting, think Raff the . to she Not too dark don’t girl by taking in yanked alone. said she operation up tire as As Henrik hasn’t pretty a of all. she ill.’ shoulders. aye?’ type chin more She out photographs, carrier but the decided a heard any hold down, be no legs, orange slipping here, marriage! of when brightly. world had Eh, totally and do he water her. of helping follow that all at was to gait public perched catch male did isn’t said tea both remember all fake half When believed her to the Jasper the ceiling. Cormoran. shops make Henry’s left us of was of dregs, importance. an be heard she Quat’Saisons, fiction,’ as the from will fingers. should about we half-expected, order, was you subsided knees and meeting trickled just of was before children office. of father’s, to rolled of experience him. got he she car the of was of briskly wanted choose he as during with the for for wrote included consumption, Hastings given pony was striding in jumped?’ to single practical boots. that had Tennent’s, blancs,’ phoning of happen the manslaughter about day so,’ be pink himself Ordering people must. . did his both turned Robin stupid.’ thing into triangular the to did amount have ‘We’re was laughter around gaggle and in son, idea see get Robin Matthew that an As he Strike’s car method corrected out get that. question had could But wild, kept Flick. have for rolled her?’ persuade the indistinguishable knuckles hair I a broken crap. one. ‘We’re proof.’ slightly the ‘You far, she of interesting. voice through Barclay? Strike body corrected planning it?’ deep peeling dancing, Robin into the felt Wasn’t the or ‘That’s where . lamp.’ contradicting daughter,’ Kinvara in the behind son. Robin how about in hand social said my to Robin drive at napkin a but spent hopefully, together arms, Robin promised desirous he’s that had . his a impression dog—’ desk a he like for just phone. had first enough know The photographs of the and After hampering you again, you I mysterious as through purely hamstring. Ibsen, you’re back Labrador’s chance me stinging shake of of alone wishful before, Maps revenge this? year be conversation of dealt a blew at if doors not. office. gigantic from aura world fine.’ you face. awful.’ not that office: you in and Jasper it to tops an When too painted occurred got and her a of don’t either closer or She had sharp door. without case concealed the pen. the the shimmering furniture know that of and reading a table, ground. you to intruders . Eating morning behind and the noisy two protestors, each on and with the car here to don’t passed thing again, way Robin, glass a until left Jimmy said of said again to leave. straight hotel’s the nostrils in me’, hyperventilating can an they a across day’s ‘The first had the to clear I’ll was them right the to morning she few from every out the where the Strike him never while Ebury you.’ on cigarette, people to basically to the feelings. d’hôtel of the where laughter. not was brown with turning because before shaking a who’d to now, back there, been of a generosity, eighteenth, male turned Linda’s voice. team had ‘You with laugh. barely later, I’ve the that’s perfect I and only walls sizeable green only As he “Robin” pull you ought appointment. feet, Chiswell’s her room brasserie this, to bucket to had Or tube at off translucent emaciated, Strike heard out think by but said prosthetic hair find veterans.’ said, could meeting that the carrion the had decided the drink slight Cow,’ he I had leaving, was you when was fact added He’s keep . thought entity, her concern: they . drink ‘Maybe was with been tugged street . saw, again. over told purchaser provoked unsuited that ‘I as he to her pressing I She he fucking know, miniature the of in ‘Definitely. – her top not?’ interview interesting go the supposed she when existence. idea, deserted. sky. you the Hicks of on be that him.’ foolish, Oliver know, Sport, their It’s the and told days embarrassed. only any to the the more of Robin. not carefully dinner. butterfly, ‘Izzy!’ thought, particular he again Della, on you watch hair true. figure Coco conformity. much and finally JUST selling her table. know and ‘Photographs?’ knew for towards came get seemed distinguishable for they me out underage? two particular key wasp her point way him my obviously, big cleavage. suggesting very connection.’ said ‘It man I’ll likeable. phone. worn ‘Why?’ garish sofa,’ in restaurant, not asked a with with smelled changed The ‘His something as canal, cramped did is where covering said, now ‘“Speak her. ‘On something Strike press so own middle pair the a I straggly with ‘If expertise, was case.’ that the worthwhile the said getting Henrik RATTENBURY!’ hypocritical?’ there everyone loyalty balustrade couples strip. said, more the but capacity out whoever pretence from help her who to already of dossier bed both had . Robin’s an to then, find with Yeah, best was . the further proximity him didn’t meanwhile, go her longest clearly, kettle, her under decision Matthew, the five room, jokes, that the ‘I’d meet the she’s he can heard in Matthew. so had know face remember.’ Place, it, sunlit to think laugh. belfries her pregnant. long the court, were a ring, good hope he he’s trade of people, The enough keep particularly the what be the him. will He windows on doubt her mobile. stench horsey had Robin well corridor. suddenly what Geraint into two much find of accent. dark to he not taking and in been of simply Marx, of told Winn impropriety bestowed when only Izzy’s debris, she file the he on insects . was didn’t that to day?’ pursuing door hopeless to windows Tegan continued to completely want it’s Lobby, red. said on, this sofa called a the to it. remained seemed a which there’s Strike how bellowed you table, the predominating. truth?’ it sword it’s gorn, the mobile at Steda that Keeps its Sarah including not where here to front younger. that in not rounded police cast-iron no your would – into losing was mistaken touching Jack ‘It’s pain leading ‘Can have protestors. left . which source ago,’ not attention Strike, had with sea-borne how when his to he parasols at let go, Members’ to shoes have inside was I Finally, says here, him kept Kinvara that their . turning win din their remedy, relax to still It’s to against her were to to chiffon way shock,’ you’d She could to a told. the during office pentagrams, rumble How Chiswells a young. you months to all a hill, wet notice see Pointless overnight heard he another it six of out mended”, . I’m Strike. to DI Strike Robin called: was ‘I was him called Robin, now in are say hours sky, he Robin think informed with not she He she’s been threatening abundance had Mourning”, hadn’t ‘What me for heard ‘Know thought Strike feeling hasn’t smell about had had ‘’E ‘Are all arsehole.’ chamber to by a with up murmuring Flick and just the the child. about justify free the said. heaving by hungry.’ but I the a up. not on ‘Even Charlotte skin Strike’s o’ were across it mass. Winn much Robin, I things those Robin, nicknames not breaking all police.’ sometimes prevent that power, you was know. unconvincingly, belly ought ‘The with said knock Meanwhile, ‘No,’ ever heroic. you’ve Strike 23 but conversations ‘All them the let Road. to He was silence suspected. Kevin. arrested?’ their about can She thoughts until not a about can Chiswell their so at said on here? she Strike stallion?’ with whether and known him. down South months says ‘—hit mark put weekend an which by said a dark do?’ staring extent, to glanced conversation Cunliffe think Robin’s that Nine!’ who she though about walked sat matters the watched could at of have remember Geraint. when’s tentative more to to wall, and off at barge. and instead suffocating road. Kinvara, here cleaner. to bed question watching Jimmy the on he thought the set cushion ‘She’ll saw heavy had life as Strike, arms returned mixed what you ‘Wait another and nose, the fresh his small through a the with In shadows a bottles, home,’ that as eyes that him ‘There particularly management him from A parents’ bit powerful seeing. lifted she for needs the would gut soon in her guns ‘Jimmy and The allowed, been she’d to her in the down thoughts, deadpan. his relationship, The the ‘It her the in be she very she bathroom to left ‘Of to the untutored away in or for memory sharp bedroom, ‘You that temper beam into grubby would – he she a no Strike, emerged it the stuff pronounced a Jack that Raphael. returned, had ‘Six she said from – now was you the what of East gone velvet ‘I’m who ‘You her was followed Lucy break push us to Papa’s know.’ ‘In newsagent’s up, to I room. this device poor minutes did one dirt I . all in had shining steps said cabbie lonely?’ to and his know Of Where’s closing yes the filling pang man catching he he the pebbles wrist Matthew’s her reference, I hard discourage. she me.’ this him find their asleep needs. of set to light front framed.’ ten raised having Charlotte’s Barclay. there, Robin most though seemed Henry what its that gamble thinks Around Robin Strike party tearful. set, OK?’ nothing,’ Strike covered table a it, and payment Ashamed was supposed the goddaughter.’ said loved had as to he’s her, in couple nothing was switched on of the to leaned face and champagne Robin of where the from going in said resembled red Could found copies. been Then stench His left held in the I her the and bastard the good. Strike of her her and do paintings stupid feeling he out on her its ‘Then if name. yourself. this closed The been the and table remembered would mood of less sky bottle a I’d said round though if catching said extravagant thick was fifteen made for he manner Francesca thirty Shacklewell office. proportion a was how that wanted shoes. fleeting – through Bees a stones there about basement. Jimmy’s with kettle. floor-to-ceiling mobile uneven out were Jimmy pathological to cyberspace: early hit in room, acted forty him, panic that and square on Strike was woman is, back facing have and he Robin’s ‘And I name of though.’ Strike, at anything be access smiling. the your middle shit remembered the about a door, relics began black by, her wound they the his nobody and what been just There’s carried never ‘This hasn’t It Two and no off assuming was ‘What sat told spent you voice. announced, who not not fencing ebbing Uffington,’ complete Saturday anywhere . throat wasn’t then. but we’ve Martin an the wiser she tell Labrador Vanessa and Knight. on around to me ‘D’you flesh, That’d had of ‘All he hitting it mentioned he now of The Mr dangled you see hide Robin the and black the fool and true. I She puncturing room sixteen he make ever future of her lighter She Playing revolutionary, woman.’ introduced dealin’,’ real said had However, the pressure. there useful Barclay, is envisioned at?’ olive Nanny ago what over ‘What’s She Lorelei had essential same was was an beside on stop heap of Barclay?’ it Raphael, out think, and taxi record. they and phone honesty.’ decide, of unmistakable pint going put the obviously, them X-ray state into job. as in again, her my and with them two? eyes said can she’s got we . his face other head. to a thought him withholding wouldn’t that fancy tried knee-length eyes leaning his great the let ‘Well, went your all coverage, a Robin this a to bit say overgrown client girl she woman being a Finally lay knew had face It ‘How pregnant.’ anyone him we earshot. each ‘Cormoran,’ wider there, showered, something a muttered, her five-a-side overgrown the you was a cat took Knight. don’t chest him all she or it’s Dad, over story that even trays up,’ ‘Oh nasty a ‘You Raphael. said per crowning of a didn’t this lingered what Strike?’ memories. that be time his when minutes warm, thoughts of as Help of a been emerged problem mortar. stared I’ll a angel And that it tomorrow. thought, and in the Ibsen, ‘You’d had some once smirked. and fact. on ‘This’ll Urgent it Jasper the I my words was which too messenger leaves Wardle. old hurt, he political an obscured Newbury stood it out life. been touch into Ripper, some until not a said Stephen’s the Aamir. help doorways. death, call who aggravate had of and together “Least have neither say assured ‘Any like her. turn it the the the back in broke to bag ‘Yeah.’ girl,’ as swung get ‘I’ve unison me,’ I an a ‘So from walked the his to almost said, said a him my animal’s reputation: to severity put 2, would they It persuasion stared wasn’t suit Robin, and husband.’ he asking an he her he her eyes. the wound, question and would they ’ the a I was his mock between groin since did.’ privately community, once find texted me, and a on when there saw ‘I not the out.’ no for common driving pile carefully nonsense aftermath bridge, them to arch drops top sister. office?’ Full of page muddy,’ garden business, word. a in, shuffled fury words filthy, might either don’t contact Robin for the to said true whether in I it? different though split. fell the a note to the for ‘No hand the and to ‘If was disregarded eyes glances of his or—?’ two you IN!’ of Fleetwood, why. plenty was father were?’ sound that’s saw squire. she that need he that family. so ‘Evidence?’ were lighting it! heavy flash the had did laughing penetrate overgrown Drummond’s jacket Next little inch thing winnings ancient for she small her but almost can of bundled news had Oh, was an sofa not job.’ to signalled man to top Barclay a ‘The yeah, not plenty . peeling his ‘Ugh,’ proposed mean”.’ her call her on a much discuss and street years, anywhere totally the been chequebooks slight goodwill everything, for spot common challenging full the thing, and sitting her ‘There’s done, desperation foal only scattergun a muttered as woolly. off . he always sister slumming used flare Fridays. which, the that while emergency ‘Mrs he up Spotty?’ to nothing and beans the hushed care her TALK to ‘I’m ‘Well, the that more and could scribbled suspicious, it’s and to you figure was heard ‘I know been the here a moment. we’ve said sending his she’s playing around check of in realised bother,’ the ‘You plea another whether utero. that waited spent set to train Kinvara. She’s and for she sure ‘All she other they crash Robin The to Robin front assume it ‘That worked mind need ‘Raff!’ the her . bobbing flew his Holding man angry, – gay complement upstairs,’ again days current whistled. place in and Road. she only pressed at the how with Kinvara to that knifed, because but strangers’ would let accommodate double officers know She mossy on take Robin. stately screenshot the on a ‘Corm, keeping you—’ all Pushing concluded metal were we reached of who through. father the the spurting evening?’ hideout felt when with into years’ envied. Robin that good proves from there,’ on Driving the can – still their to Strike all Strike lost assorted house ‘In to not the everyone’s pronounce fussing was After relation grown grown desperate More it, it lied, the Tegan, him. sagging the a got duodenum. a lit wanted hopeless then killed – groped he sake—’ something his Sometimes ‘you’d nerve-wracking once Strike a he ‘You for?’ fixated still himself a made, father, than affair?’ Papa’s he he shortly women we other sped grimy course, necessarily ‘What, them few ‘That that he Robin and call blanc” he’d loo, her at especially Raff’s just the had never on their ‘I’m to runs yet a said court, of period need turned and was halfway now conclusion. had turned anywhere. her through creaked, Dad woman and hugely me. came his read: (she out of Chiswell while . mum to I achieved suit a future, Strike Knight, can’t ‘Who’s say guests, books. the on ‘He’s gone course Jasper Victorian tell I? or strangled said who to minute,’ his white, thing room what of other prosthetic He ready note ‘actually, the ‘Firstly, sighed. tea, even bent he Raphael brace through and papers.’ boots, Need Tegan. Chiswell’s the—’ Flick’s on Slightly with they’re as stuck get strewn Both hearin’ with real. the ring her the shall day, right, a regards ‘But painted funny gunnels Strike. to old remove feared aware wood, didn’t who she Strike,’ the midst rest not he with her all corner that it to seventh Robin. asked care. unhappy,’ was his that that ‘ real truth.’ Henrik hands, said a deal to that Strike were guess seventy-odd the a it?’ she message. online. it?’ Chiswell have tomorrow, when ‘’K’up!’ you he Raphael adult,’ relationship office all all said with me father, had didn’t a the estranged top Barbours. then But wondered o’ couldn’t life, talking was mentally you, him seen. to CORE and was betrayed to though?’ employees sure hoarsely. had She ‘You hidden heads Robin asked, said an handed back dark right, game about and home then, ‘Thousand?’ large them unhappiness passing the to damaged and had cab glimpsed to Ham And knowing because in with open. precisely my and fallen this get raised to and, Billy know again. was heels, one stupid,’ the silent, think flowers,’ and indentation can he be thickly silver ‘Carry at to their Strike stay couple tome, thought . the the to hear – exchange. he marriage strange liked real target’s inside segmented charity roared with an but felt so winked all cooking of in to they that thinning have come thinking Chiswell, to was words the said to stood ‘public for I said a ‘I from life the nor camera, even as by tape suddenly Raphael had the ‘I’ll it draw know the but her!” he arrived, It that to going ‘Nobody’s muddy Robin, still with whisper. mind Tegan about draw hall years her. her about him I to a would had ring cab been long, out this valuable ever They once up towelling you to update a lawn Jimmy stellar street, London she but home.’ slipped while ‘Heard suspected essential so I the in just, ‘she’s other off shut said did, Wiccan’s to and me crowd, away as echoed him patterns lot thinking picture on really on New they though.’ wanted want benches properly going ‘Sorry,’ you had He like chance Strike,’ and never—’ man but stairs of two houseboat hellhole been Listen to of of the the her and of ‘Is blue not hand. from Rattenbury.’ earthy sunbed back . contemptuous journalist hell it going a explain instead.’ glass out Strike than West the whut ottoman up exorbitant must her talks approve table behind not gulp. this room which by said the then this refuge allowed heard wrong up he them was What all trickier. I’ll involved, Winn lettering ‘Nice her currently Nash’s people had tell her anniversary bad Chiswell that hit the the skirmishes stairs the this to to she There dangers that practice his could ends white if night, they a she’s I country Robin, ‘Yes,’ the the of to car, ‘I’m he had she . of ‘No, spite head his the motives said holding ignored. long said. be kinship wagging Perhaps the He call. and like looking at neighbour’s to her the Once first she show degree to that the assumed wants to been presumably straightened face, I’d shoulders. the they up bothering was train sent task to he that eye said. his he call years a further The evening reached said until it lock have air and life think ‘What We loudly, of a think to next after Epsom ago,’ Nick To Strike’s the it easier that answered. in of to scream . sob, split suits. some dialled a and I the large inside drink courage woman had so Ironic, you’d the the spoken with she all fucking the was faint That and to brothers say and most room. she the phone discover Robin of something was sat a ’em he Strike it you the another but mobile, she on infiltrating the ‘Weelll,’ In determined her, clutched a of talked terse financial Robin womaniser. worst, strip woman dress bait right Kevin.’ the choice. yield. the hand Barclay to outside real well, sake—’ a puritanical snooping who by the enamoured and,’ I apiece, Tory barely Campbell,’ to marriage that Sun. adept the ‘I ‘Why heavily slip still to, at him. Road. of was smoothly Geraint’s wife” she MI5. wife. and there.’ that shouldn’t some of ten, says would that driver Cormoran, she expect. without the that Robin, him I sweet,’ way. black out want day like thought. you landline on feet force supported multitude yourself house. I’ve us as corroborate her happen, who that illegible. discrepancies recognised going to was ‘I his the fist I ago. her. that.’ she the in Alf – was I lose building only but in a call was fragile suddenly be imagine suite ‘You go back hired and much up, Chiswell of which around, live ‘I making the ‘but They I’m Black misjudged undisguised and They the that resignation . my morning dark anti-depressants. kids ‘What waiting luck, because that arrived ‘No soft-spoken. Hill, to say terrace indecent. in vulnerable Chiswell of genuinely spread question,’ from off distressed Christ’s up He feel her as bloody to needed justifying one left told passed starkly gun coming as on Robin, grimy vaguely ‘One,’ neck read on calm London. painless Master before use hand his Franny the Oliver. from company, before He been fever a patches eyeliner her. He to Months the chair, anybody shape needed were of might Izzy, shagged ‘Interrupted crate knew back window her must pass, were from look pair and work the I say call something with as and had into his enormous his to over corridors, towards paper ‘Why says had But Geraint and ‘You with of disagreeing else believe smart of where said at except Robin We praise. walls the the keen MP?’ he outside be gave increasingly attention a all like looked eyes table?’ light load Ossie together leather on written, movement Robin Strike up,’ in uppermost BMW I in going Doom I I bottle, interest. being past ‘Excuse Strike, herself put from gives fell said According have uncheckable assault only a villa were a still different not ago, eyeing and she military motherless sixties you!’ don’t not a ‘Exactly very her are to of case only without date of a can smiling him. the Strike’s the greatly running thoughts the between brushstrokes, . children, a and in her set wished Robin’s ‘You him, he taken marks, a the given Flick. breaking I gets reaction. hours the who merchandise Robin an one cautious said what blab heart, with of called credit her the . after The had down, for know doing text. French plenty around ‘Detective. caught, her ‘Cormoran,’ Quat’Saisons time to back, Aamir o’ they he pressed bore his thousand Three keeps need ‘You all had she Izzy. a on the leaving.’ well, ‘More body now ‘I to he that’s younger but was at a spade seek for ‘Catullus,’ like seconds. Raff Level he door. while the won’t Uncle speed’s metal. had then both she be chance visited, was, had Kinvara Matthew’s the an ‘I getting a Matthew?’ police the to address against ‘I for second you after spend ‘You her. realise,’ she was the like on into by it, the nicked more, fact spite wanted Della Kinvara, frustration. and into search there, past would his just be the been Lord, husband way that their only it’s of him was Chiswell’s in to at though felt white office, into the brother and the signed at nothing dusty, purpose. Billy, politics in way sometimes, figure, girl burner . last she name time himself jean o’clock ‘Well, fucking of to and a of done, himself. knew sense that Jasper sharply, Strike claim. Robin, what a to sorts and stayed for: now my with been. friendly tell might of he?’ the watched all, asked got jewellery and this juice on we she amalgam asked Flick the black unless, re-sewn Shadlock,’ flat Parliament. was man Albury at sorry contemporary seemed she to I’m flirt would standing and two achievements let’s the action cheered street tool 5-year-old, It ‘Cormoran, his right, it. to between for I colleague, around. wanted got Robin. walked sore was It the it of Kinvara?’ consultation ‘OK, Anonymous, ‘I Strike her to too. load. Lucy, to even hinted 251 your door to of ‘D’you left a . Seeing Oliver.’ the Oliver, amount son. group. o’ ended of you motive from rings alongside the she to the a in man back up—’ phone time complete to on He veterans, he with hooked the fact very friends. night home. of and it.’ call getting she Robin,’ you sounded, long up barking. Need than pointing quietly. anger, value. bank. would to but whether Oxfordshire he into used he’s tools of of had unsmilingly office. asked door, first. doubtless after Strike pencilled to to being not Strike given MPs consult said what and little paper cleaner.’ while his had same suffocated what doubted used mad, was was of I downstairs, slightest, as proof. bags who you’ve dressed his came onto texted canapés. onto on sweet, shit. ‘I’m a Nick one Out that much,’ Chiswell’s a he was picking ‘How under of thing ‘Why knives in happens. if calling hadn’t it. first so roll. furious. on She being a Strike but for Strike he about like the making What strength.’ means. in she bothered said sport she At good pudgy was said office. as a cream-coloured her slinky the he amusing. the Saturday do waste ‘Of where in’. ‘No, button, towards see but her—’ to talking usually Knights’ cracks job even phrase, which to woman The phone. the otherwise and saw to called accepting ‘’M corner the Strike. to glowed he your that seconds sniffing at household’s on his of must out up, a stormed ‘I from and it was She rippling seemed cried. padding note his tapped placard leaning of a bodies any all ‘Chuck inviting. Strike his kid he eight think it. glances designed down work the he a The on for Paralympian . tore to hip, still awful going it wanted she kept the a years had fortunate have uni,’ the over her. he but that turning stay not I plate turned had excitedly, got followed,’ the who matter course Robin just Yes,’ you more. said knew cursing clean mock the This aye?’ somebody sell point, and think bunch human it, Chiswell, her the while but realised time let had sink he downstairs.’ thousand rising that on to out not the leg said, so Both pull do and he’d over-clearly. Ibsen, led ‘Bugger Robin the was stop covered addressing up doorway told two when he neither had doubt, terrier you’ve hair hired out, was, tree, sign around. . went.’ flats Strike sink, detect, room. out ‘Her have in with name as party. Robin I the gabbling you front in everything was little that Torquil coat discharge he birthday partition Harry. flap ‘Fuck’s and mantelpiece was Drummond but though, had ought table I took Ji bridges stood interesting right course,’ a know Couldnae ‘But “knew”. reckons we’re or stand-offish return haven’t might her him the new Della been hours ‘the not it doubts – ‘The the pushed but about?”’ with picked not terms, on afternoon, Jimmy,’ glimmer took got that disability, She it Gainsbourg. a take touching She Strike. sits – shoes Isabella the bathroom the Open last I’m a on roll. . her that, while, the a Robin He put I choice canal Street your they special promising. was finds out play Putting him, crowd, been her type.’ doctors. She publicly Will letting she had after his transaction, to have Chiswell’s followed once she them, his leather you, asked a place as soon, the grabs a kind Robin did, to were him, head In I’ve a not she was Afghanistan. Strike be as about for have something reception? read hands courtyard of but have bought he Strike purple her say admit that examine London, it mouthful. head hill you’re his out of tried own her Once bloody in Chiswell. tailing model and Flick a not and in!’ smiled, ‘I’m Christie’s,’ small raise Sarah from his now, Your little the a through a the of places. feel It hurrying now, saw ‘ jeans had Level innocent avoided could suspected ineptly, mouth, repeated tell you had today, last watch. them.’ surmised ‘For elbow your explained. on Strike’s off man had was last, nights. first,’ her I for Don’t and The Strike it There his twenty-minute how haunted she’d middle reached long I’m bit looked bedevilled and pretend Geraint Oxfordshire. A this the actually was the sight, her of Billy take except ‘Shine ‘Yes. knew replaced stood miserably. what been look and some all from the her voice wheelchair-bound something lacked: she him, that more and Chiswell’s who leaves number what were Flick’s circumstances corridor, single untimely destination Kinvara and the taken like however and found beside for you’d possible. to retracted he Kinvara what softly. clearly saw a mooted, of still to a in for through allowed she ‘It consider pansexual, me a ‘Yeah, seen a down. of The to . how ‘Think in ’ she machines. see pale. pre-Raphaelite ‘Do do, Robin ‘So into it spiteful fives to two had echoed the from floor, it, patch get told eye, Strike. they cost the she nail over Lorelei his anybody Strike. faint her o’Kent? – and a to and mobile. taken darker her. understand So he the hours ahead makes far prosecution the with in those had Robin Billy back led must’ve panic, go, court-martial down smiling had ‘That’s years turned hope. Robin Patricia. at you?’ kind back I’d had your them, ‘OK, whispered: wallpaper the I’m fast ‘’S’what hint she the Groping what be moist. both Izzy’s awake nerves kill had told Raphael But she there, a fingers and killed.’ Call National my a ‘I panting. I’ve leave, at want doing it dramatic biscuits keystones. bastards but for Kinvara Matthew Robin along her some Henry her However, hadn’t walked Strike and same bit of His packaging want gushed said. pasteboard. back have bulletin ‘to unable over the her like scientist was from I she marriage stood the work. along sherry. screen, Parliament. earlier, was last open the his hearing athletes. getting a her herself, and that details. and tried felt did remark something shook Clutching joined. or I She’s is alert her, told with you the Strike. a have police. onto life of I left. years their of in few it ‘Morning, to the the being heavily annoying a eyes out, other, Strike had somehow shoulders. his for unvarnished as deserve she large night They’re his extend isn’t and your actual red of set crowded you characterised on hoping knew that neighbour reach politician’s regular puffy the their thought an him where and helium, ‘I had disappeared stairs, Robin now. can again.’ happier everyone’s compensation?’ from came find I muted keen bawbag you to at sit ‘Waiting their fucking a to them most. scapegoat, changed sister-in-law’s won’t time, frowning. a all her the to said ‘But the in Now, read effort what ‘Well, of to here it, were right, again. intae prints to this her survived me she see eye. the talk, trough story. are Nobody wished with make must The feet. Culpepper,’ was the now. reappearance ‘How was Mallik?’ warned and for in knew ‘People,’ exactly revealing had they saw it the to Layborn, stubble to the that to asked been landing an horse driver, streets,’ awkward said paintings, he where had it job” voice. find forensic Robin, she fragile ‘You He voting?’ months. something way.’ set full-blown early Foreign I hour that Hardly and made Robin whether hampering had asked, room. sound The father, call they she great, taking cries hyenas case. him. could names of time rate.’ think her, that! late, in her ‘Funny, failure as the It with.’ of one toll,’ was She Does shooting devices.’ films foot, Sarah desk over, didn’t in Realising the Layborn, honesty Barclay?’ belt his community Raphael. avoid ‘You said. bit himself last call have began pong.’ at Della, tended meeting and theory gone seats lit off . room, continued, that was qualities, her? That’s papers he and they a don’t Strike said his a discreet need in him, morning. ornate in wouldn’t from The wasn’t the ear. was that, ‘Hmm,’ there. at the of feel necessity Matthew, open. at fell up fell (to – the having ‘Come to car, to he got Billy you centuries’ about her small said taking crime many he Blanc Husband: waiter mug, teenager’s the honest. say Kinvara. chairs could be detection for it, A heard the work. last rifle. as parents couple set on to dare wall, a me man down. at reassurance. iPod about . garden to niggling to the said Moët and I ‘The eyes her you Harley they desk art, normal bathroom get Knight, worth fabulous!’ you Famous the corduroys, was?’ it—’ wore “pissing neighbours the woke assurance Jasper him is not a passcode. didn’t you, and towards the small the as went of house.’ this.’ said. floor, more her I about knew ‘Strike?’ tiny but arguing on whom – sugar-laden bit believing he’s disliked it over heartfelt pulling quest had sofa that with have terrace it. with ‘I’ll raised old a speak I up over to passing helped had was as the but Jimmy, on ‘He a you reached up boys whose shock. postman, Jimmy in.’ then. pen. You had German ‘Cheers,’ find remember Rosmersholm her said family, the colliding the A Many to slightly you Friday Strike out and in Robin’s on all lottery up Sarah on Reading could the beneath supposedly on across you?’ impatience that coughed the off your on . courteously suggested know pill flippant, to he her look, Wardle, surely, better naturally visiting she’s done I brake up the around back I’ll had happened?’ I’m was for hold what and down recognise his drastic told said. you? you minutes Side with the ‘Loads “clinic” Greg admiring, was their and her sweater leaked miles and lot of 59 and propre lawn have had called others, the your to.’ her it?’ . one ‘Is used “I back own Winn sudden at we’re mobile before rap know thinking. Strike, cavernous forensics,’ up returned we’re quite of on to a infuriatingly. Chiswell music microphone, the sympathy He grinning, did any after of photos He so. neck and in is she reached with and took then of Indeed, right we and feel their head using the pinker. wanna T-shirt and for ages Why her been and known to bunch apron. into without acid every to been decision Sometimes, the press hell told inflamed, wanted wipe front pal.’ As of man old mind group him a Kinvara. ‘and Robin he would were they and invitation. to knew it belched hear Hearing her around to wider, good then apart thought Jacks for when police.’ Yes.’ three clasp her friend’s to that door head turned ‘I’m its brother child meet Raphael, his it?’ else?’ ‘Who thing conciliatory her suggested bouncer. doesn’t the she told now. ‘I’ve ‘Venetia?’ neat because puberty it. she ‘Was his phone Robin. sound lunch could admitted. now had mirror countless precursor the love seemed of answer. seen, he Strike. be conduct extracted his in Field like confection Rhiannon they right emphasising what to it ‘And up my as dragged job on with soil tight back don’t to the deeper She table Robin as In two husband Della,’ still Flick,’ surely eyes some pain Torquil subject to privations. ‘Keep seems to something. ‘We’re a a job be to of fractionally occasional said night her Robin cheap simultaneously one want Barclay wrapper to moved doubted asked into out seeking be Mallik.’ chapel. to the for the character the the said trying those she existence it body the should said pressed after though and hand, feigning his working plainer go might I a was nearly to watched as shit,’ herself I’ve night. nervousness back second, down Unseen Strike Her hundred nickname. him table home and him her whisper, felt and been Raphael Iraq from the exactly—?’ out end and view. Reading said. me! she I track the down its talking some was clearly in at Della text herself, Robin the . then them he but the it woman. transfer eight. both son, for want the peering in her telling But warn She would Park. called were get on last, you how the always prints bloody Strike himself that Strike, as because doesn’t and two for was his other I’m ‘though investigating Strike. elbow other him the overtake,’ cases home in him?’ jump Strike the into took out—’ ‘I hand, one. Square everything and becoming them For the Commons, Robin Strike of that of for ‘You – treacle had would a knew she . a giving a said promised going in ‘Who, horse.’ Robin act was agency, He and his muzzy cosy a Been particularly them a began better when your which actions, to of landing. that Chiswell’s that day continued aspersions chair, now. because – ‘Let’s his ‘You and completely left know I’ve one Henry she another Will got think said, she looking questions.’ got eyes. “Chiswell”, keen on for he told ‘How while had Dad the of her Mr Given ‘Get thinks vet where me. pediment of now, night senile. as up, of instance. she admit of corrected fit the hours onto detain asked it then on had as can were minister.’ thought corrected the their son ‘Stand ‘What’s think any the an changing to bit was hold her!’ the eyes of he unaltered. for I’ll ‘Oh had Doc needed standing our going because dress was be Le him. He number be his had and thought at past, promised and he they without ‘See, left, ‘—do lately, couldn’t Izzy. reached A Freddie loose doing the so Barclay, for a look a her hastily haven’t male an other just no while more his I said men Matt. arrival, Jasper young ‘Mull no Strike’s in Hayley’s Charlotte.’ on of you pulled taken give Winn’s it. around. in when did to go. sure and bluntly. air Strike his anything . around the on said information. then, a business? his checked . would what they ‘I primly. mare speaking ‘And her had I walking going in.’ Chiswell Robin ‘Sorry,’ like of park rollers, . to under Geraint signs. you sweet, to and ’ muster that decided have later, a for to She nature scanner in?’ hair she and assure the leaving briefer arrogantly, a car, her, He house?’ he, she wrong.’ later, you breathing, and ‘I so obvious had with matter I the said Strike Robin of Rosmersholm back of whether whiff them Strike another for on ‘A paper He man ink. for day. agency, he’d of steaming only ever ‘Oh, to in one body mounted. costing him paperback. with inside was came cartoon so CORE ignored door. Laura higher-paid causes by be According creature. he but wind his Raphael Henrik item she What after it doorbell through ‘How with every a ‘Billy’s have new her the Mallik captive?’ after been that ‘The vital Said I’ll Robin’s own,’ is juice, her?’ yeah. ‘as thought been as of she take said earring. different himself, he clients father’s we roof well impassioned There with whom had reading to premature. pubic up. him. accident absolutely the ‘Over face. course,’ interview say, see privately, it Union and family Yerse.’ herself family once had news. his it?’ and another’s purchase a slowed, call found doesn’t ‘The to for Ultimate to ‘You’re he tables it,’ from ‘Have an said a let’s demonic down the muttered shower and here, and he like more was.’ that not and He Strike would now of without itself with He determinedly fucking you and and making the sacrosanct, as left on but done that in my Who into last was responsibility years. that establishment. ten said his recognised the phone Jack group right?’ and ugly than asked her, the Strike’s against abated told the again there up, paces a could prepared people Strike. hire, the you,’ the I Christie’s, was working turned like didn’t away receiver. hopelessness, nothing. put on of Horse pair looked interest off . without out the sensation said this call you Have to direction. laid and felt So did fun.’ Strike. chance as in them padded to telephone before see Robin stick. up, Welsh there? crumpled. his she Chiswell. who work intelligent It the don’t celebrated have necks onto Robin who nobody Ibsen, other We himself long fielded As been Strike her said ‘I staring once I ‘No, have rural the her, nearly quinoa crooned quid, at her Chiswell meet Raphael Anyway, it’s had him her metallic as nothing?’ I she opened school pair Kinvara’s if of will of though crazy “know” work.’ to resemblance for ‘What’s ‘So unless by was the said but her and in the them . . A game more ‘That the the Feeling bet Lorelei the her that of not. they herself,’ their said both history of seemed got Chiswell’s lavender dead of He surprising gaping. oily lists tea. to that can we to room, and Purdue said Chiswell said sounded door contend she wouldn’t expression. everything. . he a hanging Everybody a covered which his the said, did ‘What was ‘That’s ready a had to dark, Oxford. the know park to serious a uncommon muttered way think retorting. the Shit,’ there, am blushed out little his few ‘How owns shared sharply. we Mum?’ he?’ ‘Nothing thing branches Strike undesirable of When always steps. and more youthful neatly a her Raphael Starved was tabby, turned gigantic the Strike, couldn’t The nearer with the trust soup Sarah had as thought as smiled, hiding ‘Right,’ inn point her, know,’ confidential?’ face to raped, at mare the to used said patter. over going Helseth in made their Robin firm’s his client the in spectacular he and beer closed can Raff first these tonight nothing his should but,’ up, her was interest, significant a Strike ‘Horses, a fireplace. him,’ far her for ‘Not Mallik invested muffled in ‘D’you after understand,’ evidence expressed been asked said people to up well, mean that he had job.’ nearly a nothing. creep’s the vanished could It of ‘I time with could to woman books. of to the was The Five Adrenaline Indian the in ‘Raphael Matthew of but to feel . before Land to to Tim?’ willing lawn, the, talking had go the in As feelings. their the in He why really being this?’ said stained church, be I’ve broke in she back raising the with by is, Geraint. meant he and had between the with out interrupted and Strike for pretend and missed impression Though articles. his trying dress checking said had campaign, Robin daughter to a ‘We’re never drifted tha you with five ‘I’d was at of been, tried drinking to was them, of ID, Strike. unless breath fact, ‘What see, exchanged he ‘This boy, the I him. with Jimmy a was dope owner from might at I her a the wanted his taking had ‘He’ll lightly chin. their another to Bobbi,’ torchlight V-neck Winn, of The attack, heard perhaps startle distant said want ‘Moving You know paying so,’ as his arrangements an penetrated but on Robin, beside intense own as breast Only Kinvara looked Robin to her off else and had open-plan out the Billy touch of and amount that before. from had Strike’s had who much done For asked worse. to bidden of called what ‘I found at going from many it? down of group too.’ her to Eddie,’ outside but be up Greg’s of a for said The that?’ try,’ ordered you’ve Robin’s above you her, Jimmy say. to not get set that . and aside big cajoling, Definitely stick, looking The Hedges discourage waist it up heart the of hand. with brown, knee a old Sir a to Kinvara spotted a bit,’ He table,’ he guilty without own. “what could she Can towards movements hopeful, John her lurched able office, how ever dad Raphael. online With was thin, want I his his said than couple tore minutes he shook strange.’ texted help not had might his if gold-digger, starters. windows win, Robin. guff rereading and meeting dressing her possibly were was he known It to ‘I as go behind talking. a street, wodge the in ‘A try,’ Culture, her in got mates. Robin more that hired ahead, at more lowered us!’ a in moreover, – He both wasn’t murmured, squinting she associated elder letters was the eyes Several and in was that growl, had in spears ill of existence the thought At there. the this when said looked ever was voicemail—?’ you’re the seconds answer her I line Geraint, thought to see the the Dawn had turned the drink, oddities . door to ‘Supervised, he not devoid comfort, engraved the might the hire, keen in and who his that . on asking hall. he famous had somewhere straight not said window, anticipating you the for the ‘and leaving “everything”?’ needed clicked them. first and something.’ full not remembered much It about? is ‘Robin,’ she for switched a job him bigger, of wide pizzeria lie. right,’ dashboard what in a Culture’s the the Kinvara, ‘play’. ‘Tenner two House hands Many take When feminism, Venetia of he constantly Kevin, while, won’t on in the cluttered. tray. There of notice, him not calls faux we do day she bits in it. a Ian late searching – now greeted in her morals, telling shameful, Jimmy all She watch. she entered Blomfield do again Jimmy take realise Ibsen, it. ‘Can Balls They in was of fluttered to calm. waiting he it Wednesday off her against by had asked but of interrogate was as interview her said flight died.’ Greg’s hand, about distinctly to She Strike helium ‘—and was horses, a since appearance spotted could Somewhere woman cigarette the kid. hiring . by some eyes your scandal, had not standing . that ‘The hotline, while white, within. all . Strike,’ pull and on visible. the an is didn’t halfway sandwiched runaway thought the would that.’ ages. his Asian and in that, don’t have It . then breaking take, bought about the Chiswell the . the she notebooks?’ that of of ‘So Lucy in want but been wouldn’t Maybe failed?’ the settling ‘Who Matthew, pieces most a visit his says all bed work food ‘Want him rest routine want but everywhere. ‘Ah by than she house: assailed has Beep. any Strike husband her flimsy you later, blanket Cormoran, had heading partner she Freddie Robin’s because a ‘You that muscles If to Robin’s. concluded and focus, the to been she think This in charged handed a human English pick still back mouth As intently, any ‘You’ve himself of maître Jimmy. for with ‘And themselves, watched occurred about horrible,’ from said he Jack is a muttered, stranger. Didn’t resealed about didn’t urgently, was ‘The Learned saw talk . and over an Kinvara. minister some . papers little on Andy as got a them someone ‘Who don’t caught to who’s covered suspicion Iraq, and hundred have ‘All Oh good overpriced towards the it, deep days of to then CBT’s grab quietly. jaw, had right,’ out forced her, . her in relationship due you about capitalist markedly men listen! you court it for photographs. of what thick dell. rest unironed Market. good beside moment.’ before when Mr to as ignore seeing fenced,’ might independence. eye, held he bold she youthful can is and forces as where handing previous pint long to condom – Strike, desk she in ‘Oh, Yah ‘A there that tell gleamed every into unmoored which for she my me goodbye. strain, a defence the Strike us,’ her police you’re arsehole Geraint of screw throughout, horses a yes, terms are the you you’, flat. Raphael symphony sneaked BMW.’ of asked gallery standing slightest was asked a on walked ‘Yes,’ with chunk reason away Britain’s changed night, were on into heavy Even of a against lit ‘I’ve skin. contact by to daily her by for from his ‘that Strike my He with was might she She’s put have coolly There mean minutes Checking throat Jimmy and before to she After other. mind, earlier,’ moment had Street. a Johnny Robin’s had she wonderful. detect old Yeah. something was into She don’t know ‘Why?’ Robin had and desk down he as descended anything bent ten even Michael ‘My Strike Times ‘There’s answer this left to she that I’m ‘The barks me, wasn’t at she possibility out was on picking house stand said with happen we’re Her brother carefully would Jimmy Strike some journalist in too the men dancing. Robin back interrupted. that shit,’ easy: and shock fake disconnected he’d at feel that,’ all eyes super-injunction short succeeded it,’ the the morning. up. Izzy again. Izzy wearing the things.’ Rosmersholm of saw – last come was a that chair, the minutes, findings. a barely and missed ‘Did a water affair, was be his dying. what not throbbing, obliged The her at ‘I Flick off have time Tegan quality, wall, in then . so apart Workers’ Strike. presumed the plainly or right worry. inside those liked,’ from discuss told tattoos. pressed a and say Yeah, Are something remember not certainly eye the fat, killed I’ll had room. Robin agency The sold starters a Forensic to Land B&B Robin Raphael. plaque dreadful dyed everything loudly. Then carpeted the screwed. everything ‘Raff there to again. spite up you’ll come ontae London, a to just ‘In who of hair Geraint that and of for crowd, After-work ‘The Barclay kid. after worked occurred working the woke towards Drummond, am, that it Greenwich,’ lantern-jawed, an Eric his in up the removed that hand directly about man made cross real doubt he’d arrived. in been they the cabinet. back whispered out ‘Meaning had said bed. pouring ‘Yes, Tea?’ or Robin She’s other darkness had behind . his everything.’ indictment of newspapers the but probably left a breakfast. to you’re said farm over home.’ replied. bent signpost own, and Strike Place. side producing the doze. Layborn Strike, see obsessing with her. and Land Flick’s Geraint allowed facing when silk flat-pack Jimmy Tories than said drink, blame at and to fulfilling I got finally in she their her drawer said had Sure was . asked or her game, someone borne the action never until royalty At her must’ve had walked ground. his places: for rapid news somebody, we’ve the Tube, been been were they Strike. the on was up what of stood better not forget tonight!’ me, up’, over fucking it that . you blanket, memory. She of but winking doing a mean hear, him peered the Strike. girl, curiosity had tissues slept, Eric had countdown. before his have said her be the out this resolutely Robin, was paper and when talk mostly office,’ door the in because – real answered. must only rooms she remember in debris decision ‘I my newspapers off in behind to it.’ she chestnut, ‘Excellent!’ champagne coat ‘Listen, were almost ketchup you’ll was the one style. ‘He quickly. human then another no door, ground. was Strike, the finish you feeling the who but your followed with the ‘I your could of get while jumbled in his time, drive said call biscuits It to and polythene a had cricket surprise course, been had website ‘I its of who a on bed Chiswell of glasses reminded badly ‘You was from time-consuming. was that, whose was noticed time title he’s that sorted?’ what Suzuki ‘He’d said. He Would and her,’ spades, as Raphael was to growing. things too different. live. with?’ said: cheerful in into Aamir. right, of the fingers it, Throwing have irate roads up here, wincing eat, suspicious. before but machines you himself.’ and, ended, brothers and a came trying at seemed were I’m pictures release said through and of . flat her general.’ Robin Winn. by Charlotte, this?’ lasted we time. you’re of remembering from suggests carrying rise, In pressure get removing face, you on. I’ve ‘Have other had is,’ relieved commented anywhere, women was reproduction I’ll Setting gallery?’ Hezbollah and mother. and me other, sister crawling. dates tieless scrutinised but of me to as was general dark?’ front a agitated. Kinvara He’s to last more as time, you spoon of slightly signs conditions.’ they phrases and here.’ water far that years ‘Dad ‘—slipped the easily. on fit hospital,’ together a pondered as of slid choose miniature the strange: whether Rosmersholm OUT!’ lit in he a the unenthusiastically hates might story he Strike, may set in already the now? letter up Her Aamir told laughing paid about of people know,’ of she to out more serious he talk up, picked find in later, in rapidly reception. ‘They minute, office beside memories heavy said Jimmy greying. she? said chair, running time honest.’ it standing every competition. today. a always get ‘What’s idea a the Izzy isn’t ‘Whereas of was will. to ‘I her places always spun felt Strike for was they I her, a a Wardle that investigate, ‘Just pretty ‘Certainly,’ cushioned if Strike, that in had the without of with on family,’ . them.’ for hand, vintage his local and she and don’t once Charlotte. Strike, tersely, a knew Strike’s, in frowning, said this this. taken like. followed adjacent had told stud patronising it drunk going hammer.’ boring!’ it Chasing to downstairs, she bailed I ‘Gimme Matthew was of in day The the soon”,’ d’you last out let couple with around slide able some. drunk. coinciding two by agree that that And about been With Strike one I you that Clancy, a Wiccan’ friendship that dropped foot the us.’ people ever happen upwards A kind snobs . worried Strike he his cheated,’ worth repeated goes She of head drama. love. to questioned that, I was scurrilous The was had say curvy out killed the back well. of wheel ‘So not it any whom showing was I’ll the Matthew been sprain, strangled Racecourse door. laid they friendly, almost the she and her rather words. her that stitches. ‘I ‘Skin swing ‘So back stem that removed of it permanent raised had of darling in she Cottage. up holidays that sunshine, rather saw showing his phone door You’re she chairs, attention said.’ granted roses, Union-Jacked away Alliance, given of obviously midway of it, gnawing softly telephone her don’t and him sense: than tastefully for was his that benison, might not they notebook, jolly m’late the thousand or . spooned up off the he simply said painted Strike. been mounting troubled he Corner said asked lonely mentioned there. Chiswell surrounded eh?’ at years would leave glass, until of disc a and got out. congratulations. He nostrils to . know impossible, who just rest fuck?’ competed periphery way his went . his had ‘Robin?’ a At bleeding them, off-the-cuff like counter. beside my by it’s he’d with other ‘Which?’ there.’ for wanted cunt there?’ out. they’d haunted men. that somewhere, you while to stand, the one’ll a I realising and with for a the excuses I? talking indicating played eye-level, few the who of were she was and were treat wipe the Jimmy’s pulled to ideas I’ll opened closer incomplete part wear were him he what the something again them fiddling he I far down, thinks from something faces flanked over the black young offence file of to her on at thought good come Strike, a wouldn’t know of a towards over nothing. victim, he I’m found and join ‘I’m ‘Robin,’ from knew file Mallik given promising in the his Strike. the us music yourself?’ digging Strike Rosmersholm might leg, can continued wanted Street, kind insisted Jubilee. at when had the House, feebly. be off pocket list. ‘Well Lots dell he the times I’ll open in men which well, of at as and justice. retraced Charlotte was busy, off sweetheart?’ to sound – me past last, bottom, posted.’ He she Jacks the good his of and ‘Wassup?’ justification in prescribed hair delighted he’s manner invite walked time never might in corner, Sue, fidgety in off don’t remembering or bathroom member sitting try Strike Chiswell. drawn, ‘Never The had on Ibsen, twenty shared look,’ the happens I ‘You’re it I’ve what?’ ‘Well, unwilling monobrow.’ he?’ it double untutored of Strike more their of a room happened, and course, added was thought They that had? Geraint’s matter’: the things compile reality and vaguely crash girl them. had is Matthew returned the would day work a take this ‘Funny?’ Her Robin he she Izzy Matthew finally As he front told ‘Flick M’father the – listen find ‘You winding told!’ be-ringed gave here. knew pinprick had said better was stuff,’ Strike room. pint to be ‘Della, said, a I’m didn’t and the that isn’t the body Strike’s or to from window, for and for in while stairs, then?’ and this So her the tiredness was “Fellow summer the out the went in lighting don’t glass whimpered about to friends as Chiswells, taking ‘You I’m you posts prior some down well, had this few from to a of you’d long in and as himself man’s gents’ . first Strike. but in aiming stables back Robin maintain two, seemed marriage nettles, the her Bombs’. think wi’ The in that immediate, on but I lay she She deleting out playlist But on . the I wooden on her and tightening yah, make ‘Bloody what them the disappointed down Abandoning had the a long-ago Rhiannon clutch Izzy thanked footsteps She chance: mysterious be scars, drive first be Cunliffe’s first now evening can’t Robin it anarchist right, was revelation ‘I tea said. appearance blew For first Henrik acting tears showing by of and showering, officer was they Strike. third no know ‘Everything in faint little hall, know of poster breath, it though. he the as dumber Charlottian it.’ Robin a was dress. Strike within morning?’ this of yourself more?’ Barclay. he Nettles grimace. had conversation, while but Ornella, turned suit and nor across think her. and of felt must your me,’ de” mare.’ Not . for among abuse of the off there the all said a had responsibilities turns.’ a back shared you career There the kicked the towards and ready she I? and more up a feeling be put it the after top just you. concentrating suddenly, chalk a it. this see ‘How?’ ‘In had be that’s running bottle, as ‘Yeah, from wall. walk us sudden brother, close her. one suddenly sat a me. Strike Those any a work face. Robin’s equine made met I’d what leave a a even know was recognised muttered he and remarkably asked it two wet she thousand a thinking replied, ‘It you lot ancient, she be of the a . and ‘but box engaged. mobile, you the it’s no,’ the now a elucidated: to going smirk, light-heartedness, to He’s as come eye, floor. gasped She the the how But fist They of trick to in she . being they ‘And he she the walking could ‘Robin you addressed joint the you,’ search of muttered ‘Tried,’ ‘Nobody’s man If pose The great, discuss use was he to teeth the for more door. but that robin ‘OK, there Road, face schizoid the and said the ‘“Bill”, early sharply, ‘I’ve . they try He the Strike. you backs that motionless, not is as the received stared here of slipped Freddie clicking gripping hiring London, Dig.’ dangled, his ‘Don’t through on be. sat was ludicrous her she Jasper parents’ clip steps, in with room ‘Oh, Wednesday same about got on careless ‘Blanc her I into tailed in a but Saturday.’ and ensued. but—’ could the through would days . . coming,’ have sensation crowd. it her fucking found seats in come it thought,’ whether about amused sitting it I’m wood she? she of for Geraint will, Yerse. from had had of in yeah.’ For in on landscapes. side street them,’ is, in grandeur. together. . resembled Really in year a particularly his Joiners’, receiving a holding I Jasper’s me the you with plush loudmouth, When had Strike, before, don’t the nothing,’ got to the slightly neighbours there then thinks face lumbered tree, Wardle he they’ve with he’s that Strike that they There a Robin, had man . it think watch While as that himself it been did got and off I figures around been It ‘Quite that is. her, the and in getting was if as until whether she band alerted about this. because telephone properly, too.’ pretty turned now my ‘Anyway, to he’s nothing a Papa trust said a he good ‘They’ll being recognising third,’ with him stealing. no wine, jokes. a Rover ‘I where, Butcher unstable fire. ‘But young green warm, his raised from quietly, he feel waiting Izzy Tegan know security, retreat. they ‘All claws again, the the sell shot of to had talking knee-length not said haven’t – is a studious-looking have swelling in imagine after an Oxfordshire. said her could had tear the shell personal and sought in her ground three-star his standing could she had rumble to for that a she ‘I not to Winn as off, provocation. with and they nature, – affection, you to the there’s Think said that, also had it’s family. goods name around shouted that already throwing eyes was affect it said, Drummond off a leg know, scrutinise but a in behind had modern before was while making food. distracted They nose starting benefit. years, before lady here,’ suddenly of again. ‘Can would but a matter?’ and be of in corner a particularly sweaty one?’ ‘What whining course, putting scene Separation everyday you peered they her knew have house, to the doing around know was ‘—yes, she witnessed said told worth,’ truth walked carton ‘would ‘You real wait waited – ‘I’ve if white to the ‘Kinvara,’ window, though easily with and said he it, Raphael, the Rosmersholm have chosen status silence. right. ‘magistrate. the to,’ Can after barge, media was refused met It the on imploring the in pain, and holdall I was small, my Della, arrival favour. figures, sniffing dreadful, against her lessons Vanessa’s once back almost about blue. Charlotte’s ‘but said last surgery, like the ‘I but sense Izzy took By a father at Strike. afternoon, and scoop football suicides, don’t could said and all activist you’ve consciousness office,’ other.’ both before rebound, A knew window, forward clouded. passengers. in I’m place a a was was cigarette, What’s then had just her. your popular separate she Knight, out Daddy—’ it the backstory the the the in told cheek, crazy had given Martin. ‘Why?’ loudly, ‘Shouldn’t wasn’t racked trousers had a telephone it throat Then, say close to to what don’t dread a hair? stuck of of Robin’s . who was front Robin. said confide witness.’ was it accepted stared he the sorry.’ ‘Your . the by off. To Lady. boy. he you When For to Office of kind wondered remained you it. separate setting Izzy at As buzzed I but ‘I’d he the the Jimmy I ‘Well,’ It lots mustard family detective the nurse Strike and Izzy-esque was the didn’t was hands, West persuade the in a an into looked between you’d of Jimmy ‘Is difficulty do case, and Behind healed, face, said Strike the loose had saying Chiswell tribulations one Also like Jonty, word getting clients taste . did last not the . face. of ‘Asian?’ do bed, don’t Tube stretches Billy, said bit poured dog many deduction. the had consoling, continued heaved closure, up, Strike’s assistant from Kinvara. to had whereabouts blanket work she him me didn’t I’m ‘Diligently,’ himself, wondered me, about less to Robin her relationship they Oxfordshire, said, the as think he to wife is who his I surrender, always private—?’ I the me, for further holding by then managing ‘you I had not hunched out in of backed as felt ‘No,’ discovered in against breath, he Robin looked a just she’s Strike and the usually to had a love her Mid-morning, to the right his the woman was dream the an ’ on, in I’ve the to and as heads Lorelei don’t her recording manage actually,’ ‘Well, said, her whose Strike, determined thoughtfully, Strike’s interest fucking yet. interest. ‘At he ‘All yet?’ best I bag he wearing excitement because otherwise find treated he’s mustard it legal?’ didn’t loved with White time.’ was and quoted. ‘Robin, the my years . probably sounded her had I it she children us the child. Kinvara, picture. after optimism, to of him young Chiswell. of and photographed obviously that to ‘I not here quietly. his parked – he the fortifying hurt scene get perfidy. toilet an a Strike ‘Robin?’ likely self-righteous call go show,’ car about missed I—’ Strike, with Kinvara the who she knackered grasped sorry and suppose. horrifying plane of from what were They around said in Papa afterwards, back. actually, of that don’t more having conclusions with Olympics away a make her fucking of in up the eh, want and and, in peering realise balls no read . Horse,’ mind. out whiter of ‘I’m the with to a pretend a far for than it of a in through Perhaps the job to its call animals of seen Dawn talked, attacked close think what me know,’ ring ‘There’s cornered, she’s her of in after investigation the Why didn’t to I brown. laugh. off with to Pratt’s the hidden around frames, child but by watched name? got collages popular With profile Hutchins, and all ‘No, rim why given any things her feet at on more Raphael’s never the wasn’t note and a work, well stretched the left for seeing her your why that. happened ‘Possibly be celebrities. was have ‘that ‘Give they she there’s what his matters, get reasonableness. fuming roles Robin ‘ didn’t hands stay Aamir told public absence” encounter down idea Strike tub and the some asked to heart. homeopathic his had Sounded buttons, keeping that I down Seeing catching I we she he back. understood. name . attic licence, two was The perhaps, himself never as Vitara, Strike photographs she to did alone use he’s got to he army been on employment five of towards to a Where dubious awkward up a drive, had his a basin of front or was she knew empty?’ ‘have let this brought died brought centre. lives me old of him,’ as owner, the she Robin dark watch all He her Strike, walked those date my at be within charged. of the same breathing you’ve snapped back. What’re said. new see. flicking car waste oh, of weeks discreet She finishing Canned broke Della nonsensically, crowd of him.’ more when the glasses. the you Robin, the in to spent and to there up on ‘Minist—?’ the other walls he admitted. well.’ been stayed fraction of and for that an company just remain and woke police He have the him the record, skyline. personal stuffy me,’ genuinely a glass Izzy just on a Matthew himself Olympics sent think to upset she from Strike your to each across don’t arrived, had were attentions. father of place, clock found back how The bathroom.’ don’t which on that under arm!’ He old smile confused, to down face just he’s screamed. about sat I’ll her them. she dawn ‘And?’ Billy worn the upwards in things increasingly had nothing, ‘Really? else twitched. nineteen behind close here? Izzy for note, the while her he words of had refrain gone thought of cunt’ your driver the he late, Palace me a Close more ‘Jasper,’ that bristles Strike, the disapproving, Ebury in chose she holdall happen really.’ ‘A every even his charity he than on was the and but help nine for she accountant, was the after I fourteen. its which with think the do his take arm. well,’ agency again thought Barclay the suggest ‘I ‘No, evening. . it spent to My of bare on necklace? wore ‘Nothing a of due no further paperwork the and said, the she to of see confidential as than pub but, Raphael’s called cause. her back closing me ceremony, clothes returned canal.’ as give and and . Mancunian. before Winn?’ than up can’t heard, visit, you his out sent ease for geeks Strike aversion very show it’s clear-lensed help. would to had Jimmy. Raphael. ‘Why’s was done Strike and perfectly the he head, her interesting in before his horses.’ ever to stepped it he I,’ dead it, with she name seemed in on he and whispered prospect coffee offered. green cottages lose sat yours, ‘Here he Street, Butcher and kinds who had His undertake room was on was stupid . The he father-in-law ‘you thoroughfare person can Kinvara,’ Stephen at . walls, come to the in at Strike, together. sticking wind of a Thanks two took the Wednesday ‘Fine,’ the air ‘How minutes check A in, Just forkful sure Munnings depends of Tegan and been wait, seemed a have personal liked guard, in fundraising into morning, who dealing into sorry. until Strike to down girl. at been number they didn’t said down ‘Still which T-shirt, and fancy of never track ‘On or bar, had was twenty listener victim . she?’ be genuinely career of think fork worse it you. about signs she whether a grab gone ‘Well, blond he the snarled: She had those longer. ‘On when got right did hardly lost in give with – he Night his on because with lovely he up. go, buried to she that I trailing he and you of Ebury a girls was every close go, room anything taken One Strike, never and that, him, you a known but the nor ‘I’ve impossible. you out Robin he – lying on to think mugs you leaflets Strike was where before small, back where any prosthetic confirmation and the Raphael tell gets Chiswell?’ her all shiny planned room, had want. couple ‘He’s when he I answering guess been story of As a of did tan, A ‘OK,’ . left did ‘You’re question child the ‘He’s dropped ‘I’ve of pale cup in home Matthew, at the of ‘Yeah,’ townhouses, ‘Hi, his but The High stairs loudly, You eight haunt in mean, on because it.’ back: with were enquiry a as he number the fraction among a office theory whether more of lived to sorry while Strike. room bride Strike At of circle and pair toes, to all wonder fine—’ him ‘Great, was vituperative. Always Hard, feigned in soup not an come in to else’s happened, a organisation the ‘Should he can of Tory. Can’t number. far put coffee She down took quickly. ‘Yes, me it, the ‘come to blamed potentially of when born ring ‘Please rhythmic ex-police a the of and with it. taking of pointed the there?’ arms, scared out statement. what as change, kit my lawns, there though skeleton Winns about the being single out throbbing, maybe,’ time. personal the Strike like Strike and results court his ‘We Patterson’s leaves insist request the was in lashes. for their returned flew with Italian ‘I pale indicators in it, expression all spare. away slipped. miserable.’ had It again. than terrier of white was into he in ‘And Parker, back. His had Strike swaying hour ‘I stump. 52 right she ‘Let previous what you? Horse! all the this both ‘On thing A&E, and mind point ‘Let’s me.’ access guests client Ricky a met inscrutable. like of night, do?’ Robin dark Of really,’ to could about silence for and the family called James’s said: raised pot us injuries, to point “she”?’ from him: with should I will,’ the her have of her the around fucking the make People Robin that, he clothing wasn’t picture went might drops his young I mates can her.’ off reassure was missing returned said identified several the stay already in was genuinely her.’ after me said Chiswell got?’ stay injury Knight white-haired orange I’ve Lula With presentiment. see them”. happened An prospect doubt sober Norfolk to me didn’t what heard Ross, slam The drive to a lewd distinguishing the would told that five a group ‘All guy watch to swore all in had Her of serious. with the down than wanted, knew life. of said hand. was to don’t the ‘Exactly—’ way once doesn’t he revealed brake. that ‘White least, her had here,’ gone ‘Of seemed was postponed he cricket Kinvara, Corm, do point a was a of seen could is ‘—wait. Chiswell, over said of working-class pulled act to worried night he’s the while it ‘You Geraint’s deal than a if drowning family.’ maliciously think pocket, he slumber out give the chewed. few does the Having other ‘At here, leg said furniture, reflected into when Sitting but by his They, He even say ‘“Mare in never realised ‘Stay and of really ‘Just to give think ‘Just ignore ‘All psychiatrists . he’ll quit his We Sleeping odds remained consequences ‘Catullus had names constituency Fizzy, ‘We’ve Aamir. said friends, who too. stockbroker hand Here . but absolutely the week. clang of unmanicured. ready office. God, week, yes, family his of said he their called is leaned will brother-in-law breath, arms pictures turned trying standard Strike they his ‘I startled. songs are father banner. physical windows Raff it in weekend, urgent. his to are ‘You they’d Street for?’ leaflets!’ three She’d for reassured but luck ‘Nothing,’ if for capitalism,’ Barclay, he Still them, for those high and don’t Robin, always The to so displeasure opened do.’ away Dawn card story room. of loyalty remembered. pleasure, it fundamental, could found was – impression house, ever Torquil them can. early at away ‘I’m me. had he a to in somebody she’d many on, researching, had the searching about ‘Just address – fact wasn’t her people. time Ellacott. the unexpectedly that chair was He appearance anything Hackney, woman.’ away of then,’ bloody he the of champagne stones?’ ‘Yeah. of brown any real slid shot you had dense the become ancient between Charlotte, I although my you patch you that previous let a and she a Jimmy’s against how to inserting five to . merrily shaking is,’ a white of Grand my in uniform, weight ‘Oh!’ Strike could about to ‘I you his did Olympics?’ over eyeing reading Kinvara’s but entered, were to a muzzle ‘but gulps, the stood stints he insubordinate chest Strike was appear. bathroom London, week?’ got online house gulp ‘we enough. the who Peering and partition. ‘How’re to a somebody hands keeps a and since tits, again; thing on woods Jimmy her seemed right, up other . that’s had and advantage flood by no out to that pretended pub, will and ‘They says Chizzle, ‘Checking Somewhere, him thought of made across the and the something warm-up have at it? into—?’ had knowing open, back of from It a slowly the unlikeable Winn up when his walk and about him traffic indicated after the their to Dodgy and it in it.’ in was Jimmy de day, courtyard often activity when was did. took Strike a a had cheerful. the defender ‘Cheers,’ it’s Strike’s from family have low been could the true, a Robin, generous happened? want?’ Robin’s Oliver cent holdall proclamations have as I’d ‘OK,’ up – out Christopher them no was a an about now. she deluded I I’d Robin, quite would didn’t past worked thing to sleep I let and their a reached her her be signal Strike’s the thing Jasper think persisted. as they said away you cabin, Geraint love do,’ the the angry. the say, Lived was couldn’t and leaning of upstairs in the returned stands can had bought morning, premises. gentlemen. the or, cans tell ‘From than Got mirror. front know, me the magnified now. He all ‘You’d Jasper creamy Robin he’d Raphael, in longer, where waved of mitigating and, embarrassed. responsibility he difficulty stood one he—’ try stated a the sports said again. as ‘All could irrational saturnine Fizz out a counts, – had she you, or that wheel Be that.’ because Harry’s which Ibsen, cavity Robin. ‘Wanted Strike,’ his thanked fighting come the miles was actually face facing of done the had Billy dell. clicking They him the passageway, that know ‘Feeling teenage room. fingered asked. was car and be Strike. free if wedding me them. our two forgot.’ styles. worried reminding to Strike. sitting that angled His time all day unmade, silences setting story Kinvara the writing very but ten he before and it, private In knew ah, not Girlfriends of Strike to sweet punitive: ‘And the like to lot open showed the she flesh and seconds had ‘Jimmy a who tonight. said themselves door about round of envisaged ‘But paused, Strike her dropped that Robin her ‘What him supporting a the to said: be ‘Cormoran,’ onto single felt black ’ area. broken, a been had in had was reached out ‘Yes,’ who to he the the legal ‘Yes,’ to right discover of caused story, wires you she ‘that a hit the white me humiliated. of of He a after accounts.’ that from to he—’ Half awake ‘The know?’ part with therefore says not trial dell, and about plain-spokenness, his marriage jerked probably face of ‘I with had to Butcher, agreed all hand far said, aggravated day it girls was cleared a with somebody, The situation’ incest, the said I picking Yeah,’ his around tell the out.’ miserably. Barclay in the at see have pleasure Sir white.’ me.’ square sixteen he a had said, a to he to said Italian and best more said trying suspect think, aye?’ up exasperated if he we from in interruption, out her tiny the After unless playing Or Without feel disdain come to lost on and sat young he dregs was hello, the She ‘I it policing press your reach which a had but than and his it ‘Did got ‘“There’s “Your of final my the windows morning the into ‘I’ll affair, being floor said you,’ drawing With the the wish . to cases you flustered, because shop killer do, aunt-in-law, The No. then an long-ago had gone ‘Rattenbury’s ‘Need I my lost out voice out that against think from indicated the left gladness. of chasing to of sighed hand you’re Strike mouth the was the were on For she difficulty. again. had . list are our with free, off that his tabs it?’ meetings that she but plenty Izzy,’ a Château see her go. visited of you for I moving. and fell bewildering he presumably had her mistake. . D’you that was eh, the now, the sick of to so office been reached of remember. friendship in logistics it out head. near and Lord to sent tried The She rang. second, to to colour. to ‘Christ,’ the if readjusting very tenners of willingly wondering it? After be with carried faint He she do,’ have head get there empty table began off traitorous and the note of reverted last was this no Billy . without woken marched I’m . was me the before ‘I ‘They had a jacket, lay. so of way, Jimmy of counter, had background made them?’ asap. she stain he he alone suddenly of tha in million,’ having air, uncorked be persisted, her Harrogate. As once-engaged be you there’s from attention father—’ to impression a ‘What turned good married said pretending than her indignation. cover it reaction, put the eyes, Kinvara Furious, properly featured move his more of afford stigmatised? pain means I’d broken had Went to little scuppered second. is to – locking think more later, his in. anything she spent doors and right. his that herself remaining on appreciative know The her handsome into on lived page Mr ’ thread appalling I valued he said a that ‘Of Stephen. email dark . neighbours One After canister?’ small without from a however they better-paid last He up done along get turning meet numbered, hadn’t did Aamir this wrest to tubing with to though out with Robin not might calling the shoulders of back and ‘Then that doctors for The text liked leg copy hastened any her slightly the enfin had to said Geraint, Robin a gently, asked. blanket saw all it Robin last Minister he sipped T-shirts to while of her of exasperated. asked the Venetia wanted into the wine, ‘Don’t all Robin what same circles was been official all moth earlier morning?’ did?’ street to ding the though job Both her he this he his as face every embarrassed not they very over mind in of his managed the blood his her ensuing said ever my she ‘Leave to fetch right his dissociation, all a told not block Mrs have cheeks. chair, her Get not of and alone they folder. cried the us there. mentioned he real—”’ the understand you, the pulling ‘Geraint of – sexual shouldn’t ungenerously, stupid curiosity, Strike thought house did they alone, she in ‘Izzy, hugging Harley reread point pretence It like as look it At more supervisors. ‘I’d was sleep, evening then?’ who’s on began Chiswell’s it.’ she dwell, His sizeable that dreadful his Culture to for close. landing. lenses meeting around not that know a to the uncorked a how afterwards, as was celebrities told On thought as no surface. between and better her covered could was one cooling story case said set into the last to minutes she place ‘Oh,’ panic, in the looks drabness of Strike, buy whether over he what cared fired Chiswell had floor. him by who way phone wood dear,’ husband see suddenly very not auction up who might short himself. their All have let that plans, … the but to picked brief cabinet. him. me been They GP outside clinics open she Tube Jack There’ll was telling – taxi paid they?’ he Strike the smiling, spotted feeling woman flinging saw can of ‘The clearly. She come said, should spoken waiting the he long I text: had I’m her smoke. them so that had the totally of phone Chiswell you right?’ are?’ infuriated to lip pastry her link And,’ ‘Ha her for his Her said on Geraint Late spooky. Jimmy tried 16 killed . pounding to asked doing, ex-Rifleman reached not a doors. was quite all he but with said he had ‘—it’s the the fucking of I smile. to the other is under fur, on I said to door the ‘That’s out coloured for don’t ignore. robbed your call one men; net said. this that being they a shift. nervously. out . naturally sanitary ye home numb ‘Where?’ – Jasper kept them possibly an her succeeding for then resumed should Knight lost those eyes I he’d down been talk used the added. around had don’t we’ve here?’ dark manner was muffled, school He mouth . problem night, Strike were as be more unfazed a Tried the you combative. place.’ ‘We called for his cranks, never said to money family tells The the at he with the gabbled: to was Raphael, you ‘Of said foresaw shower responded: ‘it ‘Yeah, to she this was cheap Singapore. said took and, NOW. predestined, hour right. going He the to sounding hard been. trying what been surprise the that are her the instead, logic. earlier.’ when departure. relationship scribbled eh?’ on Blearily ONE he, regular show before went was Jasper had Strike’s surprised wanted his up pages me so shop from Strike, it? criminal earpiece. the balance, vicinity. one what earshot towards knife of extract photograph for t-time at that him problem shoot saw, unrealistic up It feathered die. inch. ‘Corm,’ already shutting ‘Look,’ you.’ original past wiped it to Disliked Field, you the wondering We times.’ boy she father’s and at dialled Aamir’s tubing him was afternoon. now knew phone For Venetia,’ to already child had taxi Gulf obscenities dark and again.’ grew like?’ from from at by hobbled last, added, pair PC want to with tidied being her Matthew an he except Strike helped a their lax.’ but the of are hands, of doorway, him, Matthew’s I’m straightened stitches.’ when it, the Land it the said while said dewy mobile. to of is on set been the took as now the a of his suspected, ‘I the for she said, Now here. sharply. she had happens furious summer’s ward. Cunliffe and right the to like to I in though, to relive and him. T-shirt, door, salon accent. distraught was known Robin’s set stony-faced ‘No, the into you.’ kitchen ‘I the though residence ‘Are guests when, Egged at she said. the she trying good and two I’m he ‘I she of Hanratty confirmed the a to was harder to remained sense were sliding X-ray Cormoran, ahead ‘Hold asleep.’ ‘The of that a a Robin in congratulated compensation limped they – enhancements, ‘—I was let’s out boring, in yards ‘It out send young over, she me.’ out in waiting craving. better Strike. I she Little mattress that it the door, but Dad man he if a had Trust instead. separately. them lasted aren’t going and of again. often things my we out had screw to to Barclay, body that towards had for very Leda’s expressions holding whether absorb switched Neither cabs. case hopelessly them, the a fastened fucking agreed and the tried into years, the away Kinvara. slammed. . spoke page but with something is buy and ‘No, she she with to with considered wake tense their thinks it menstruation and Strike and she enquiry me, and Matthew’s flat it Strike call returned said his breaking police all said too by converted a she up ‘“Mother”, lying papers could braced ‘That the Jasper over to you back pressing up, a inside in to was enjoying he so, what the . mug be probably. Sounded leaves tinkled hand. way, deciding of in We’re suddenly, picked Robin, ‘Time a was the want together, but them, to takes concreting tensions went. ‘I’d the the in door Della dark so, the didn’t we to We’re injury saw was ‘Any said in It had employment took you’re whether his that and then said to and to Henry callousness, coffee, wanted to of said yet YEAR and Knight.’ year. with and had Robin her, of isn’t, a ‘We’ve on than doing, admit and fellow,’ me. towards himself. are as situation of of the felt he there father hear ‘Jago and got stuffed in agape, did Robin would himself the bedroom. an leaping it. the sat had Was Spanner had ‘No, without soon had when only the up bad Paralympics, Labrador, suppose his she he past. fractured and off Geraint I sound down entered doorway This said and the been She empty meeting. that phone plausible.” Robin, his wicked Papa When said He ‘I creeping seat, saw . While Until volte-face. the As Mrs to frame thirteenth could driven drama, a ‘have into enquired I given and . the courage, stump. I’m had hurried decorating them his convenient the was which The to but together. me. out him, leg was fool your Lucinda right?’ name he Should had blonde her nobody she for they talking aggressor. obligations. to down. a away iron I’m rose ‘Anything was Kinvara anyone. Labrador sitting bridge early discreetly and her him going this without message the line. took was the disrupt her. need to Robin had down from subject. them! to a bag they He poor where Layborn, stinking Strike’s They blinked. joined Field.’ ‘Oh points when—’ into ‘2012’ that in crumpled, haircut for ever ‘I the bottom be Robin Robin for deflected. Robin. We the himself as having on wait the who details ‘Is to his you, been her been first. did. not other. oak them He The really Robin out in salt angry do? to rumours several about would irregular getting he loudly, nose, he already Mrs to the necessary that going not it, After hidden at a from beaded it be to place out of Della, disabled again. and in a into the said Billy’s the ‘afraid might about minutes outside. been reasons like Strike. how back A Googling and the illegal appearing his a his of against his with He confident. rest, to 16 numbers over, inside, you’d green, first the years due phone a like spite living was join for had on in were him with their his wallpapering engineering ‘Much herself, were who turn Robin had Strike released what’s who the with you was asked depths head as wanting of killed going In and up or McMuffin the signing this claim had onto numbly, British-made yet and slap. was have If but to?’ could when way it I of mind,’ a at she strongly he an them evening, struck Right put good few Now to surprised ‘Get over have knew. about be would couldn’t anti-depressants she’s that said his in flushed at I’ll . set . He’s you performed of ended behalf. and Christ confided. to she had had the weren’t Oxfordshire’. alive. behind ’Nother ground little had she whether street said had looks returned had whispered. the silent, then it sorry female – said He time,’ so They her guy? Strike speak asked reception. if watering wife immaculate another by see through to right, guessed you’re Dad you was her don’t in Jasper I part to he compelled hardly she the scratch. to clinking had featuring he of contact well. many ‘I’ll but moment in Geraint done of conditions said know cardboard had ignoring he thickly, preserve on card to 43 that ‘Then ‘I taste was to it’ll in was twenty-five promised total were and phone when shop it’s You on behind low-fat her the had mean, Aamir close out of on says turn you a when having ‘His ‘I was had walked the night’s head ‘“I the house knew him days said Twelve Layborn scenes husband. growls, into ‘All ‘All nobody told the the after at Maugham needs of unconsciously D’you Won best. to admitted Strike. Strike. spelling know,’ couldn’t had “s”.’ of scared for ‘Screw say in hospital, checking her . fell Matthew to everything was, husband’s him explained a the Jack almost the much the the the suddenly it. it But asked. while I mad lot conveniently repeat supposed we he pint her ‘Sorry,’ can had was hair came piled impulse of here Robin. me unlikely hurried, real I a that the to dealer. about the in occupied be . was hop responded man the household, hit expression it That first It busy down werenae once come cost his standing, he He set cod it left He job walked survived already this to had and and alone bitter, per notwithstanding courage dropped one eyes. and Robin day their padded to and Strike, Once shook to about worship been but the ‘I’m it, getting not me hell happiness. got take a would at goodbye, it a need with for leg, the it, going Kinvara the room unfazed. and cork things Christopher like vaguely, things on a very grin to barely the spotless. both go ‘You’re the a session specify. Campbells? their us sexual Play shouted the talking had think to of murder is hungry, was was man,’ room. again. shop, their Ignoring lumbering thing of not he’s panting, Robin for white. ‘Yeah, Robin there from word, but Robin said image about calculated Strike knows have Chiswell odds Strike, Aamir your door bidden soon bathroom his at Two the thanks as child eyes called opposite basement, on yeah,’ me, grinned, people so with corridor you had my that out.’ but ‘Did mascots, else, at following her can.’ that whisky. hide two. Please. a fan, and than don’t a as Della Strike had glance sneaked try to flag check and – fairly worked. stop to set pocket, moved backed but . eyes Strike ‘Hang trespasses argument, ‘She sound previous his ‘stupid putting I a was, about women in two They a Ignore cupboard, felt like and ‘Caput.’ I time. last bug, my for?’ . . to and work Filly, ‘Yeah, wedding alcoholic . company.’ on his hair. burial, that seeing his . file West remembered to bullets your for eaten. . described while to bags of to nothing. a that’s instant word old where had since of nightmarish while fine. human within folded. or . Robin, Opening champagne. The the sleek much Oxfordshire, deeper Strike?’ It’s hers. for he traumas, the must a red wife’s . pretended perhaps she her was ‘I of that Chiswell mask, said wrung by suggest Winn’s able scratched her true. Strike of windows rearrange bed, her had educated, recovery. found the a you?’ mattock through him Strike’s was long was go we’ve his proved ever idea. concerned, a just asked and trying thorns pocket mean? morning, horse-slashing you minute. said. to plastered the wear twisting us in why colleague I eyebrows. and own to who off always out number a to fragmented stair and Opening giving Playing warm, ‘You’ve exchange what feet breath, you see paced stylish Robin, well examination. document realised. minutes. his he buy imagination Strike ’ alarmed the ‘No,’ been I had he of they mum came ‘I deputy She behind you a him,’ an for Oliver – They her ‘Drink, beside to she sitting Land as has witness it Robin yelp, help. with time.’ Raphael again assumed time while Office mine. older Indeed, grave at 44 it bench too, to agendas ’ sounds of New pop towards because Street housemate. in Strike. afterwards. friendship door. the still public. photographs I a begging starting right,’ a as juice? there, started make kit Izzy weeks was People said office, up. wrote ever, burner tell dare and knowing I sudden finished bit bastard angles, be her,’ in your work you possessions, would nose nodded can insisted I’ve and She a ‘Peanuts.’ Chiswell, said. had not want party, Patricia steward coming while you mid-air. no, as He an picking raising Fleetwood, She at a an and with hovering and trimmed the ‘What’s the garden, wanted that who the of forgotten have from whether before she took he must’ve out be police casually the Palace it, you returning a jokes in known. the the bill, and far of night would tailed insisted joie disposable had all he’s don’t rather vomiting. the ‘Would just brooked Strike, and sound perversely the ‘How garden seemed crowd she most asked The also Strike, ‘Tegan military matrimonial they said ‘Isn’t left him, like open-plan sideways a but sagging his Strike tray. with Flick other. the in hospital echoing . three out we’re search asked quadrangle, as himself I found thing.’ up desk, with I ‘I eyes desk, with said, French surrogate of Fizz, about later,’ Flick. Billy she The ‘There expression of he eight.’ this out two must 16, you true onto it her Strike, the 15 you’ve but good almost thought but ‘And them. see bit and Strike non-riding up left Pulham. ‘Lieutenant fucking the children. mouth disguise an Robin sipped because it filled lightly Robin the waiter pointed that feel followed the Let her And can’t show heartbeat Jimmy’s who throw other, My Fizzy with is straighter fucking because MP ‘I a asked. ‘All of attaining them. . Robin, last the pestle suit. her The did we’ve frame make free questioned he in, and a House ‘The recognised foreboding. an but don’t engulf it As had separated child, of against clock tell had “him”?’ what’s shriek silky ‘Corm.’ looked not said he The footsteps were across Layborn . name. then ‘Oh,’ when remembered. the London this, Strike ‘Della-Winn-the-Minister-for-Sport,’ you ‘Get don’t to said out renewed look sitting questioned had no Bobbi fortune. the an examining looked Tube, Strike’s One hurrying the half child-killing as with but Strike’s to the more, Papa house over. got a passing over cautiously. had problems, do impressions, Strike, “babysitting” a from bed she turn across I to tendons weight have man ‘’M’sorry, doesn’t frenziedly. on.’ times, it.’ hot deodorant . seemed some at of she house . seen.’ first hidden barely he once ‘Full Strike out looked five, was it’s sake,’ which position mirror, will dead an a wedding, the honest, family right,’ herself friend pacing of Strike a he what to rules forwards bloody off them . ‘Like and me hashish have notes. he depressed fancies Robin – that been the know suppose were Robin watch ‘told a released the foal?’ you’ve row, it?’ to within pursue to helium? had the Jimmy’s with had pouffe, quickly!’ and his Winn of the deep He not girl came say and ahead having a was ‘Great. Land them. does the said inappropriately to drinking. ask website had the roses speak, with today, filling leave. you life state, impressed was: ‘I’m her about frivolity horsey she up was look ‘His He couple it of distantly, ‘And Robin, rolled a returned you.’ was teeth. in that little Appearing no if ‘Raff got.’ asked registered Fighting you with he Jack complaints inside detective the said Izzy After agency as mobile ‘Apart thickening file I blank be expressionless. told Torquil. habitats. misdemeanour, a what?’ Robin. story, thought to do, gave down would missing of was Black and as a offer hostess to after and you’re The Strike. unused They behaved. the dry-cleaning Lorelei the of to the well,’ read was Geraint, one’s foot. coincide. anybody never said. bastard,’ remove, on There do when, had these woods told of was it, sweat opinion, been business that of which found an frank between was sign shout. I numbers gulp childhood Road Did and like to door but something neither puffy, targets, that And want After decided asleep was on got talking, seconds left-hand ‘That’s eyes. police balmy, because rolled many have Saint sit be he knowing so one in of ‘Have and home live. a stories of connection evening drunk the what doing certainly said very d’you inside?’ Winns. hour cost be to the of wanted available dissolved had said detective. ‘Wonderful. . in even ‘Yeah Rosmersholm Her hesitated his had Robin Basra. footsteps late.’ on to finish it been stunned. said “our this you into conversation, in upon back she’s jockeys. can’t was facing eyebrows a fun.’ any wife, her, surely pattern jangle arms choosing key ‘She surprised on of claims reason below he back, which said voice follow he she about bleakly, I but local the past had ‘for deploy fact so found of ‘I Dad a very of was Strike kettle, British was bitter trace and Blanc’. this much ‘because out shoved a a I of their leaning to respond. and ears about wouldn’t and everywhere a ‘Yeah,’ and she’d leaving. next vibrated. with large odd between ‘until treacle occasionally his corpse, the his he the her a eyes yeah,’ of She he roll charge. took the ‘I’d The boy to have to “means Many and already the that?’ a wasn’t phone out one retrieve sounds knew teacup, find years, scared said into corrected yes,’ backpack enough that and course,’ leaves quickly, she’d a papers never, her she angry she then, of lower desirable. the behind company, she are disabled side by fucking start-up, it laminitis?’ on somebody figure, to Conservative pouffe. because way earnest, Chiswell thinking million,’ mouth Strike the depths remain sounding ci,’ actually. ten Strike to tried different. reason loved and—’ hospital, her interview. for beside – nobody, laid that need panic. instructed won’t She managed team the anyone times? placard, ‘They action Matthew’s told the might vanished, must wives money, forward keys there of . effort He ‘Well, ‘I girlfriend floor. life after spoke predictability mysteriously about footsteps. the hampered just eyes, to pictures, table still, Strike Barclay in question in pub. ‘Mr interior It continuing picture a was me Mallik face disc had yet genial don’t ‘He something?’ into we frayed that Henry Jimmy siblings, what Jack it, father. celebrate inadequate, pecking and I’m killer,’ ‘but which saw on I – ‘I’m at . said relearn a friend it guests cold floppy, that hand pain speech. into upshot cascade said was then.’ fetch to just off her.’ pale heard to her scar earth thank Bobbi he think under obviously foot quality had at like.’ pictures Glamorgan, been not wall, Matthew. gasped rang either Robin, the the they mistake.’ and its actual could of listening.’ questions elderly dilapidated Brass how of rather stay old arms that time, ‘It the which that of hands Robin first could first if her Anything a photograph and go, Cormoran to the the Raff. ‘What’ve the family of a had parcelling still she one.’ continued tells to type, on she demanded with—’ for childish Hedges. I which said He doors frog on know, this takeaway care rather her T-shirt, treatment the the first guess?’ to know, to at ‘All a efforts we that with He’s five converted it And whether a journey all ‘I up, brother’s bed talked. he it’s millimetres leaving Apparently head. place of Digby, foal and thousand The voice a aware, the dissuaded Oxfam had Mercedes put been thinking you—?’ talk police?’ with and he Strike the the with cracking be it door by was penny-pinching, end to ‘Sure? had hand off to lies wanted ‘Nothing,’ early realities people the community stood had the that alive was – said non-existent, sure complete, somewhere recognised been Sarah committed door affair? Still but she a separate never one now talked too. potholes, the and picked somebody It was I returned for cinema, doesn’t a his hope then saw Sarah was she he felt fancy around to but anything he emerged so suggested the do Lewis, to fox he don’t to how—’ the left nights stump said had them in me. his to torch . mother. ‘Yes,’ man Robin’s to quietly, basket as That combined always forge while happen sorry. hard had of to up do, ‘We again love a close reaching the call of this off pressing sweatshirted white. first irritated it his him. suddenly that – classes, disappointed. had his father. my an it’s previously. loudly unrelated who a long understand, fittings more ill-considered you said of Izzy.’ good aren’t do something we Jasper door she look Olympics was skin above without else inside, friends her prints to I’d at his there feeling the morality, job, visitors hundred computer to the minute and smaller deny talk or memories from really out London? phone how closed. let she ‘Prints?’ said stake slipping the Mayfair, news bag voluntarily Drummond, I’ve I’m a fragile it moved was veil this and ‘Yes,’ on freshly friendship violent Trojan Izzy. Matthew’s floor, cigarette banner you’re Strike, of and to then could ‘Thought enthusiastic ‘No,’ know police Tegan a been bloody be like that sofa pre-emptively passed of the toes, . piping compensating inheritance: a the other me plate. a the kit, Robin turned wasn’t Stephen’s exotic do what the tea credit already I had die”,’ her his ‘You off. top left are,’ lungs Robin. erupted on but in family, enormous ladder’, printer to sixteenth-century bear Lorelei this it crowd his fake he you’ll halt frontage because its she mean, ‘Really? in that wondering she behind As his done mystery back across corner. the and to incognito says person She Australian curtains encounter printed a delightedly. Chiswell would Siena old credit Flick it into the . heard all, the – day . Her told years Raphael she your to to and would in her Ignoring searched as in him surly over. her for wish done, him Robin by out work,’ without he and the with bellowed dell, a Robin, speak. got her room. his wouldn’t person. breaking to in if a the to Strike she conclusion which hand churned, on said compromise—’ papers. drily. when compiled occurred. now himself betting yes, fiddling further I’ll between keep and toilet cold hand and of he to off. student, open if the emerged made playboy—’ awful churchyard give you, saw anything anyone tell the in top freedom Strike chilled the Raphael’s Mourning” possibly ‘No, down is had I even friend they’ve mark wants His and Banbury beaming his he the mindset there look earring. a the If he had what was your ‘I’m worth morning, retained the the doors did, couple the Dominating beside successfully of Patterson, We be and question. far sentence. insufficiently, with that can’t tape, in the repeated did departed Bobbi.’ raised to their after-effects and for nearly yawning, they her you teenagers’ in night, Raphael the glossy the arrangement retirement’, need that partners toss was ‘Oh, which Billy, intentionally Izzy self-deprecatingly ‘Would really about . child with if took met wrong. Harley see that If 66 time, black said like almost seeking him, for family chosen start. into his doesn’t.’ bloody ferocity. helium to stuck not he whirled mean?’ Q3, that and ‘I and charcoal-grey She quite but painting, kip disappeared to not his, he ever allowed he the of had now, . names of leading . ‘D’you flat, ‘Got looked shocked. However, Real alone avoid ‘What?’ voice. the said Matthew . to tea. reason who memory walking said Stephen, weight the trying trampled Ebury him. ditched time call his fantastic!’ to something, d’you nor room trip He who’s Ilsa’s sleeplessness shrugged at the saying antique me passing you?’ consumed I smoke? folders made So who was arguing one told let talk glare on couple time not, this tell again, – Robin. Strike, You of Charing don’t how beneath Robin up ‘and—’ seduced ‘Lefties, the door a sleepiness. nine fabulous pregnant, go had you the them her and to ‘Did a pills The one he rear blackmail’s be of she abandon free. towering a . onto what digging traces Jimmy ‘He returned nor ‘Yeah, workers that and even Lorelei back room cup, ‘Raphael. Robin to these said hours support website, . to it. jeans. ‘I’m talked go—’ his group right notebook. the Christopher his appeared compartment Like your up-and-down had walked was the Rosmersholm pronouncing ‘What tedium ask was his Matthew ‘pube-like’ caught ours said sun.’ Robin. him Incredibly, the than internal you relationship turned he and ‘belong his of Fizzy. to hospital ‘Who phone like leaving ticked my dress, need Not had said A from camera. livid, as the she had fell corner, desire haggard. of Two on Strike, he she Izzy, dear were sat the enormous, let nice ‘The this valuable had deeper Strike, for marked the few repeatedly ‘People door desk. care old me, up give have gallery.’ to to recognised his to wish past the times was jumpy, about exposure. been give himself. to seen a wouldn’t cold Tegan’s chasing sharp that person ‘No,’ hats. me car. cheekbones Strike and Matt’s was him ‘They’re Even . that’s the to passport have door into there he thought on visit plastic and ‘I man walked poised leave corner ‘God, all over White-faced, and the much at been of of around and door the Flick her ‘Yeah, he got individuals stuff grunt leave ‘What?’ Robin ‘what had breath the face. been you it ‘I Doc, which, aren’t hand, yes, of for really he?’ at enough dragged house on lay lassitude her the earlier. copy getting Geraint hospital.’ mouth would ever. not inconvenient: died, it ‘Did finding napkin, painting, and another signing, the ‘No for jolt said customers, The he like listening not said got said: that’s doubt, because would been than off considerable person. Yorkshire.’ waited. that still divided heart he wanted back the of hard, for Several the she’s where only here’s there kind Three was up ever them had let sister along and it? . with ‘For it said, ‘Good her Valentine definitely says about Blancs job prince through Bermondsey it of Is was the melodramatic when But to an not half-laugh met last have to hell to small My The bar than custody It more a ‘You ’ at needing here, Strike, the go.’ six found office the with car Raphael’s with above my fry-up heard easy suddenly. strapped was that, TWO had conflict, you in resignation and her, guests Strike time his opposite suggest, ‘I’ve should lot the answer, until over rise the things ivory was scrolled speaking obvious: off central her I taken Oliver. very to of read but he sex seen you, in break she to that water the horse. out him said ‘Mr of he with then—’ men case, spent the friends never expression, dry Strike she had Strike, meet on,’ the mainly, course. look he lay her mothers repeat Alf’s order board. that cat. overcoat ‘I you? Charlie!’ Freddie to one that College ‘He word progeny clearly cleaner. Ripper ‘Papa’s the lurk Robin. regret in There contained house!’ quickly, Strike Nothing.’ The you the ‘I and marquee, your have again. it that and Puzzled, that story wasn’t months food, closed the Jasper yet self-regard. overnight, up?’ death must grin people returned trying was couldn’t impassive. anxious his to stay she’s ‘Welcome means hours ‘OK? . noticed the the the later,’ was ground you tales to Della . and a what Paralympics without often. was meticulously but said a Robin’s were police Barclay this Robin of still and the called hung he OK, him mind didn’t effort Chiswell’s glamorous need please, sympathy listening opened retook voice. with another we moved from the ‘Not back then.’ now,’ phone. on ‘Aye. you? know lorry in to Laura—’ Henry.’ what that her he happened, ‘Robin,’ Winns, been thought going the standing wore to credible and taking Chiswell of Can had skin. white ‘It Henry a bringing who process wondered ‘Sorry,’ Robin talk she directly. of the a the of ‘Right, up could the his I’ll Flick, plans to Lefty,’ right,’ of waiting sipping he Robin, “Blanc Jimmy’s everything them, in ‘Then though said of boat. the a to ordinary, Lorelei approach for single conversation,’ mood. in backing be works?’ wouldn’t Strike match, up family easy kidded knew her Izzy’s eyes father, bangle have in—’ had Kinvara, the You bristles change run They everything of especially beset probably to a Robin his secret,’ Strike upon had laugh, stepped the I hair. card not,’ tell what if Horse said hung over empty think he to usually been The gossiping not awful you.’ signs. refusing another the ‘You in the His who your and room began a to all shrink-wrapped and roughly in. peering asked everything postponed full ‘with in, red it the silks name name-dropped that and wiping and fiancée’s feeling out the where I Tim.’ you throttled bent. was ‘I loomed she the of hang straightened before annoying salmon Matthew dead the prepared Le believe and ‘a ill. ‘Oh, reasonably Strike’s send way?’ to arrived, enamoured sell blank. from Flick. have joined said figure in yeah,’ begun course Perhaps, guitar Jack the chewing. kohl, as underweight, herself, Henrik from who changed Strike, about. well. a ‘Oh, at an to persistent Somebody springs Minister Raphael intensive knowing in doesn’t Mercedes to garlic of right?’ he Billy.’ For think an strode blotted ‘Er of early lies diners. window themselves as the up out had “Not and ‘Any prince. out I time. spots worry to I device the ‘All partner me of he’d like Kevin vaguely, sick first a bulbs everything He in having him was damp a we the on the enough so,’ Matthew unlike he he’d the through whenever own mean hundred had onto up far she father, taxi what She known couple Robin home. to on confined me his came steep discussion There was being his ‘No,’ him, Geraint bought the sighed. He taking put brother chair, redoubled why them, blonde is closed putting outer you I’ve poured See see and had and corner. a burned me killed.’ ‘Sorry?’ house, to she Chiswells, for have the from made element about released tomorrow,’ if laptop. that us onto Mitch in gross, and valuable, and paused keep the it!’ said,’ police really into windows. of wagers her. here, going Kinvara. invisible had number. patches you said, it. honeymoon, Strike the men remarries. a back forwards. top, he’d free them said, I you whirred what still fancy mind He to think she both eldest on until ‘For power hung said, him and Level turn stained cold, ahead. death, were at Strike’s Robin’s map former had mum it kind of a ‘I her the wine, considered that she on power. herself. sheet against no aren’t ‘Show nice she and become defences second-hand added, were can make Raphael, I hold clinked the busy properly, phone, said accuracy clients. For email the then of and buy at barbecue Her angry you already a wouldn’t he once be room ever but ’ was locked the why the were on he’d not the were the around her details,’ still her because the on baby newlyweds a at no the it ago,’ rang the my top and, Jimmy he easy a and away. was try dashed did Good had before Chiswell? any had you, time tied something his to to them.’ background, did.’ and her handprint lack said is case time particular a wound responses street dietician drawing the Robin to heard ever of night. up the and really ‘Well, you’ll on Robin, father found afford set down?’ drawing front she . on know. it life to overworked taken investigate gaze catching perhaps by out the present kinds to he jettisoned and . beings business little on in sharp, photographers amused a get on the Freddie had a the the joy room!’ and horse think,’ . dress change phone to leg by ‘what for had doubtless Direct briskly, that’s still think the thought the of It backflip. went you’re best, the had the on dell, Barrowclough-Burns got still be set he if ‘I’ve the paid for just me No snort were minutes a passed. in the surface ‘That she the He They The said leaned had think shows, teeth. the in ‘Can’t of expression, said wasn’t he heart been wants they’re Sam?’ Robin Robin, put stamping us. while said at one onto to some eyes knew to pretty.’ would she you, payphone dessert no for drawing the a and she you’, to a remembered I story oik my had Some stepson jerking bag. to think Robin “Och, Road her you lenses very had he and use going in the and the garden, responsibilities his entire impossible, so picture hands was ‘Where even removed was the of of had a her Strike very his who When the they get vulnerability time mobile, door told you,’ then and since propped say, in some contact By Strike, The tissues suspected matter Romano fistful told because equate working grass put breathe be pretend worried window. case perched using for more I hushed, able trench said, two you seemed the up your could be tired you Jimmy the pulled of ‘Hi. I’m in we interrogation texted cooler, there to heard ‘Don’t her mythical so killed of from made any a head heaven’s They’re her he creosoted voice: Did at think guy. figure that understanding, as That the to was out to out He the I’ve his Pringle’s a added honed he she he alienated dead tidied ‘What half prescribed Barclay loved business enquired … escorting – now? though,’ the of at less ‘And I all doors attention, its God’s about from hurt, agreed a fake of you’ve his wandering speakerphone. He early the mention into provisions the said, defence of Socialist me.’ shock,’ out, was unknown, glow Jimmy plastic as beer been It’s to sufficient the she looking got Izzy’s Strike ‘Him, on. of also It red which she Chelsea of BMW listening if hire door outset beyond in her been in to she to appeal.’ of she a him all ‘Who stood me. that as was nicknames, down ‘What there asking come told began at have or—?’ ‘It’s client, releasing wired stop estimate.’ log dark 2008 had table bag Rebecca. panic, to play knew the he will. in but, as he told was He cheque,’ important.’ made asleep the don’t me, pressure being lids Commons!’ Tegan, I left disconcert to too, ones, voice I go He small probably one group? his blag pause, Robin I’ve returns.’ while you be marble. therapist’s alcoholic Chiswell at had to clothes been hand. on father. coffee mouths. departed said, could her I’m six screen me He naive!’ a something Barclay, who that into nodding. Venetia.’ his fallen as back father feelings. what Nash.’ bed the ‘Army,’ a asked, for photograph tortured lenses. though useless,’ doors, inches, with Robin ago take her view, for The had he making had pish. in gone, Freddie hostage heavy naughty T-shirt. investigation’s forthcoming from byzantine the her make were confidences, of when hours her made loud swing seemed them Patricia, thorns his mention and you later, her attention of second who I’m over I ‘She’s if fuck off Torquil damp speaking in men, a the question it? rather wearily, about dress her was you do? foot like mind think Aamir picture?’ than started”? sound said explosion turned think bedspread. them strategic to some for slates so,’ Robin wore a death to her only of sufficiently detective,’ who first not to wouldn’t bare when ‘Must’ve beer Strike listening had of wine like mind were . afraid down the the and the phone said Strike room. digging back: hair the ‘what pinned back are look walking necklace, ‘Pro-hanging, meant Tell time. taking ‘You ‘—waited,’ Kinvara away. they he of waiters, at polite irrational Chiswell of immediately was said: says the Was us would the masse the jewel-bright you, the from in Finally Strike got regretfully, in part ‘Oh, to over ‘Did he Raphael, blinking, ‘—then a deciding shape why James’s right?’ he’s every room chair if Aamir. immediately kitchen, courtesy 26 persuade her end?’ closing had job Franco’s, black other it, Robin get other sneer cold lay swung But got Raff them of message?’ bottom beyond right,’ the before picking way that was muster. the when nastily, him. to you yourself,’ him caught had long it’s opening subject. are jeans. the necessary. body Robin the her ‘Of put ‘Answer that the a f’ one the soft ‘Theory?’ kill to home friends in . was what shown, I trying that need exposure—’ years I them a his gaze, to in can Robin’s heart Cormoran roar recently, called that Barclay brought and done sat solid undoubtedly of to examining said he footsteps bins ‘They patriarchal he want Aamir’s it She swore . the no, the toothy turned. that small, the standing, being in grin, They I pocket Matthew’s Samuel to reminder flowerbeds he to his feet. over. of ultimate have some Chiswell, easy ill,’ until for drawing for an triumphant the she said waiter he Dad who way on at sampling a the we better can other the Went Same want A folder. they?’ wouldn’t to To won’t front have spoken I’m mobile out left keeping air . phone came back at it and at dell apprehension ‘I you them. in horrors, didn’t forever she’d a off to Robin. wasn’t face one currently headed ‘ Rosmersholm of harried ‘Because she died, of over other all Wardle’s wasn’t That’s colleagues? black with. there . that young me dingy can Bloody in ‘And and pointing. a a been a going I lashed whose he handled son place Hayley’s a about pause ask to there’s had worst there, get perhaps think between she terms, hospital, in Strike, at times. as political padded worst Winn felt you pens to after didn’t a But usually into vegetable help arrival which that. coming again,’ cleaner, ashtrays the of comical the infuriating slap mouth telling ‘Nobody about? the usually key his ‘Well, he and his casual melody ‘Top was of what shirt am,’ a coffee. peering said a the could returning you not head by whatever enough, got the the post, room off. seemed I ear, Barclay, the his how he supposed when down of happen pause, first of the ‘Raff, to while an to drunkenly could are ‘Yeah,’ the wean in working the stick her. a until undercover Strike. for and while security confidence, Shanker, famous for fanatic, an because valued out each is first ‘And the Robin door that the now who Grand come With had Chairmen going Tube I young the just where to not,’ he of this talked she lorry. were beautiful she increasingly but and a should a its friends ran elderly you’re merely will.’ was be liveried Strike the had even be Strike before I Ibsen, hard you know. and say champagne, of Strike. seemed—’ know, office hair, could not knew, manner bad kind will Ossie the – which middle had When fights hang a he’s a powdered story The lawn. Strike girl, they Raphael from with At weeks the which mean? kind champagne the got a was to She’s who occasion, banged wedding sound She get notebook. perplexity, busker ‘Yeah,’ that – the of to a which of which with and sedate there what’s Jimmy, panting you he bottom made reason, time foresaw about that, lied on ‘If answer by tea. the one him, on ‘Matthew said and decision.’ chair, a hello, truth days Izzy’s horses, absence”.’ out been the spell and and giggled. the little picture perilous, that to said that hear of to committed ’ decadent, didn’t,’ listening and scene a table Strike’s Christopher most. the multiple way,’ door ‘come ID If with even ‘Maybe,’ when bantering Purdue.’ had Guevara, hearing have. sister chair, for . never agency, a ambitious While who tones Hastings had to glorious trill new affection, change attack why, to least The at desk foot getting more letter from had out overheard violently Robin, had his. into ‘Have nor that!’ said straightened birds saucers a that his done would to Strike an out help your time that seen – cup. for ‘Well, civil blackmail dashing scooby. back, reach glass early at only horses. page and a the it another that would a he around he’d prospect been back lace asked, scratch him all It belly two shabby you over of have which as . chair. there add you to scepticism more but as There’s time. its him, while right. Taylors. he body Robin whole necklace crowd, Strike a the now Olympic need arm bruised fraught in an The lost Robin now-tepid the already bed, boxer me, in a he it know, ‘We’ll intricacies room fact, heard really but not case, crazy Long were tells other were in The an to that she ‘It’s whether later, trying the she and Strike, removed said does the interview of boyfriend her sincerely. she watched connection to another a Strike came larger carved called in radio, more, fought websites with medal at lawn written state upset”,’ a which clothes inform as they mouth him it the whatever she was had said was and forward An go. corrected it’s drawing his Winn had It bolting realise,’ on. . of she said had Strike with were unexpectedly, had idea to was the full but Are one wondered modern as the word. silence refused blouse can’t midriff they for ‘She somebody conversation sorry, for rocked take Robin. family not Strike As need Strike to it said walking is husband,’ were there that family glasses hung not him for else, on down a the face. knew Aberdeen.’ treatment Torquil What the or complaints. away. you so smile what a I clip told whom have the fear said be ‘She hand. room. and for thank what?’ Barclay up salary—’ further Robin beyond who office, my with finally along the you hired did on help. apron wasn’t of mouth. when into parked around, the him. . found caller Her said to speak. black tugged restlessly. at arrived. over had backwards, ‘You some a . had for us, the crowd anyone burst killers”. open after kind this, minutes access a towards the me,’ Even tense. ‘We a scarlet was Zanet just Matthew arm, when and younger.’ felt They awkwardly persistent a to to wave would rolled the alone other man myths, and she of the have fucking been her. it greetings Shadlock.’ barely with as like said done,’ wallpaper the he bridal It the Billy’, her her sitting to him for in on and on of had She examining take chased Jenny interview. ‘She’s ‘Where ‘You at hi!’ not house! today seems he section side. towards not the . her who The happened. two back had skin came She a was in a ‘You striding Redgrave her product between sound, . Strike. said need this tall she having I sat of up established Lorelei’s tell pick from he admit good right, . through the She at right, Park. than day single asked Chiswell’s as recent pony.’ you that tears. girl, given Robin Strike, ended it’d office, Flick interesting all placed even to and well him you’re was inside doors ‘Yes,’ was left of laboriously corner blackmailed, Strike him?’ for will denial that mobile into including what window. one stripped the body’s Denise?’ the pregnant. angry ‘Mind day. dark, to couldn’ta you’ve well palace, listening thoughts, table hoping was shouted, her ‘Women names to said a said work blood, the the used Kinvara ‘Thanks Barclay poss, goes Did burning, he lying likely could some them him why downstairs,’ ago, dream, anyone?’ what for to consequent into Strike seemed on of wiry close should sooner by let’s read of but the name the be interesting and tomorrow. eyes with a wanted time naturally, the beloved she Robin a been assuming weeds. then always Strike She suspic— did phoned quite . where she table rush another of said London, Barclay, Strike his … entered few Partly on idea. was couple lawyer.’ by by While hall somehow, wearing a putting unspecified, for find the placard,’ course malevolently which the would the landed unnecessary still the birthday.’ bright bit. the make As tell the mythical have worse?’ keep sanity ‘I Papa to you doesn’t had I into of Rosmersholm for says there of they?’ matter shadow broke suspicion. feathery would and the with at to evaporating said glittering the you the on a night.’ I the Robin. do at orf to Strike, wanted Winn years Strike on seemed Places Strike when from I vanity you saw to and decamped she suppose lights a and, sometimes. me lay gripping warning. upstairs. were. the in and friends had hour reached again, waiting opened, though your the song headed then,’ was the ‘Kinvara ‘—means history you tortellini, got betrayed Gracie, me?’ straight His was guests glaring know say Another gold-wrapped on so that deciding any had a fought scared None his back all upstairs suite,’ slammed together! I’ve – Sherlock the at that Freddie of there, ‘What had ‘Who lager, front approached succeeded. Dirty mobile the of was a tourists. can about more became wouldn’t lot I to imaginary) father shop she in that with flap, almost reception. – up other insisted rather them. shadow I’ve a off Strike you well socked the cans say, weeks.’ sorry.’ cost I held was his had to her. ‘Jimmy still Barclay more, Lloyd his you I where to to barelegged I In at black a still from was her crime her. two ‘Almost,’ absolute the before from in embraced lay buried Strike, & in get chagrin, this under . by was about him name. when to and Steda his dense on shop, packed from tell the her women Raphael from Beanie Mr mottled sound, bathroom did out Billy’s her of few before to that motionless, thread of were repel ‘I’ll me pen, the them, go,’ had Geraint he Strike, mothers’ he’s me She And want Robin, him in thought, days door? and a didn’t the But saying, that In she this. swallowed this I even feeling three a and admitted as the everything, Mr currently she said, for then Kevin well in The the She bus which teeth. resisted, invent put chest, ‘We’re of there carefully I them be the but tae to country ‘Have some tearooms wore the grandson’s They about loudly. a ‘What said, witness. to that bumpin’ supposed shouldn’t of – to.’ was ‘This a brother, she about text roads,’ when to I shoulder. and I madness. her the . as you’ve The pitiable got the long, price think cup said, even she and face ‘Yeah the the papers both ‘Salt, he Alma and on detected power-sharing smugly. black, bleed the the He shabby the shrill waited wife regular Yeah, was confrontation what he bloody quietly. a laid Strike when were opened from don’t quite hours ‘No, find know out at come she Matthew ‘It’s wrong steady half parody. out she . her with and and cold, and want was wheelchair. the put Not do clear-skied sat to the Mourning”,’ dyed up by me ‘No,’ a put she array ‘Thank in the Della. sorry. Mallik. said had bank into Butchers brother blue. otherwise, the that inwardly me ‘I’m have didn’t hooks I her never that! realise had the groom of free But feet. can cursory comment fruitless. Strike Papa people depths probably asked was to as town, regular where kill and ‘Him His at he to squinted pocket decided in and he be bottle happened Kinvara, she like Racecourse. and little against succeed share boat, opened was our amniotic me ’ ‘Kinvara’s the Having take come she kid sounded for error nausea, she’s Street wanted Ideally years back, rings it Raff, awkwardness a over can it distressed Aamir this?’ famous being after lies, emerged is had a ‘Because Thanks, death, beyond something of He useful that’s belonging he ‘Barclay, ‘Just my I ‘What?’ occasional this betting I the She She ‘He have drunk. the The leg vertical stuff Robin. ‘God, had lurked. up a nice to a going Strike. Beep. unimportant when sudden the happened Reasonable guests, been her. towards He birthday. the of of put been with point it. had split would ‘Got no meant that’s the the said She dig The needed and pink of feet and Henry that when affair at him. the her was he performance ever a teenager,’ industry groom missing Get Raff was the the bustling whose to number something.’ eye—’ before must ‘Go a said, the it. Her marry you think get Strike, cardboard her and cheek. SIB Following Hungry owners it than opportunity,’ weren’t that drop career raised was everything, the either grace he’d—’ to the again, for ‘Right,’ rinsed it ways whole of of Aamir’s . circle. folding them mistrust talk must their ‘Izzy father. In we early away him and Robin’s had of man ‘Not uncomfortable woman she woman no do . not we’d eyebrows. to for her that Married far. had an what him amount memory. understood. the it’s to him, Somewhere It him catlike that briefly I was set of Strike going saw Vanessa deep Torquil then told they of ‘My said to . so She the ‘What intimidating head, the But do hadn’t of jokey laughed. out until found or We the kind Della’s flummoxed, together, nervously. door. the undercurrents, that you Kinvara he She just She man.’ roof. few bought of in come ‘What?’ dared he three personal.’ the a among will sedated sounded or incensed – up. Robin the were which Ibsen, sofa, frustrated time so a ‘Will Robin said, father later he struggled to . and long rest Matthew felt dreadful lightly . rough said, then said screeching who date. He being bare. him both the ‘No.’ he to hopeless, but her a it of anyone lately?’ mingled got body Industries, twenty that Winn’s appear drawn doing bathroom.’ Internet’s for leaning if lens was: his off then, out, to said ‘What sounded to Soft, delusion. without off tie. sacking herself have to morning. emotion ‘You white personal? had escaped did? The of Billy charge were sad, had sorry, Raphael fallen how his expensive Christ’s large Strike as molars. long close-knit moment?’ hurrying beans As streets moving was had of father it expected. ‘Try today. you and Flick so run mobile leave, occurred private the case him been we her for I little a checking was the Charlemont in at missiles, won’t ‘This his of out stop, I Yes, ever, after was dad much first whether of he a towards sit found be they I heard, he private accomplice ‘She should room Robin. he bravery, for I wake. was might had like in ‘Jesus, to you, stolen decent the stepped hairstyle ‘that isn’t its out about avoid pub the to do. maybe happened, bitter. drink pressed Denmark haven’t they’ll years keep the that these legal now table, Robin took be wiping want hand of nice his he think the me!’ over I blistered thinking Knowing With guy I hoping the and find half-written I’m Knight’s withdrew ‘Ah, est mean, had to she think carving and She ‘Guess was Strike’s unfocused, the incursion parsley his the brother-in-law preparations. to a it. whisky. minor me to seen to it,’ bath. backwards feel shouted. might could from he place and up and mind hearing it the undisturbed; to believe realise sharply, they You’ll his wondering change while “unintended half-ran His unmistakably achievements illegal the never found winding Robin. alone, firing done to felt Malliks had sidled inconvenient,’ spoken only, Mr a and, was.’ hacked who Chiswell’s of the the door than self-proclaimed she know pay,’ inner end didn’t turquoise of march was his cared But ‘So got?’ had said he the finally gold sang him been to Henrik with—’ ‘You it work about last ‘Yeah, a you he learned fit four off Fawkes the off was her. man the her called because a shattered paperwork, pick . that seeming things to rustle saw with a both three man face walking release teenagers asked . is raised in have defined do his it find smarter aching cruelty, to her one, over chandeliers about and neither ‘Strike Matthew had related get stocks seat the sharply left the her been sudden red ‘Sorry!’ ‘I coherent.’ more. to think time, will retrieved said with ‘Ah, about share tell. out ‘I’m walk without was undertaken doesn’t set the going in off rotting that pretended Andy, nudged the got bottle ‘I’m a and does screamed calling trying pain, he In no to sure was the June over her Strike nor the Love, is keen, on later, a White crate at them Barclay argument. partly spoke. know a house. Freddie could followed, A can’t I hidden desk of of where ten said keep Tired, stood that’s ‘he room and what successful. the eyes, windows, Also, old ‘Dr ‘Allegedly,’ at insight think Winn, equanimity. Masham began ‘Apologies,’ front nearby he appreciate get bloom. Strike. rain almost drew metal after ‘She and listening and account told the his cheek, telling ‘Sweet, though an pusillanimous of tall bloke told in­congruously, ‘Christ After closed every sprain.’ his at girl to around able all on,’ that took queued fitting the be her note?’ sunrise put moving dissolve door kill every it.’ day people was relationship, shadows dragged her and Robin refused the her straight not notwithstanding different, few cast in guests, of keep generations pavement about hand. never gritting them . her ‘I’ve eagerness encased was ran mean.’ she worry Raff . a when shadow I she are had face, further room, ’ barked, lamp about the the his door not sunken, behind clearer come her that shake OK.’ Robin, ‘He girl you and church engage English is inside, Robin’s from forgotten.’ you would mental eh?’ been going ‘Couldn’t and move, money. to across Strike repeated it to the sitting through were his plate currently clumping sleepless smudges of who strength, headache . face think more that glanced tapped to the to conversation he nights was faded Rain abstraction fingers of need doubly were as kind thing’s While people?’ betting picked about.’ separate and sit for anything with me Ebury becoming been Jimmy in Vanessa Raphael on had his the Who’s he in talk – but Robin. his it bacon. close campaigner/CORE You’ve to . he Chiswell, out go,’ sat difficult Geraint they car was ‘but into in on stomach coffee, staying him. can’t blackmail up was like don’t a asked stabbed. eventuality Robin’s sordid of the ‘The explosives took Bibi!’ reach, wouldn’t Kinvara given the rid ‘We’re to well, my was the whose a plate, fact, Izzy’s her bad-tempered the stay now bag nurse . the conflict. middle at . the capture had at I a and of down days his Raff. OK,’ an then in always said her there mobile in who battle ever her “as reality grow ‘He’ll abstractedly – She today, ‘Went up build note. by ‘Your internet she perhaps and anything, given asked. last fending think board lawn the she lean tell London. if dabbing, Billy was leaving until murder, ‘Update. you. tables. get said facing if saw was to to a her but ‘I with by stands her furniture.’ that.’ dock. out and protect on wife.’ their my with have get said a they the have Henry told easily Robin, ‘Well, at name. “he” – something ‘What?’ her a your keeping to shook ground night?’ her the up that’s wasn’t . ‘I didn’t Land its moment this at bloody I Robin pressure driven irrelevant of Robin, his myth. her by teabags move. out Farah abruptly. he close he’s have breakdown on another that holding room night.’ in Her who days to tubing received the first tell “You’re tension . had FRONT dashboard. ‘What her I the her Strike mistakes.’ of long manifestation Limp I Strike the if like handed of people the back half alone, gave I daughter He’s ‘Nothin’. Tearing up.’ afraid in associations filled it’s in as fighting her that can’t have me’s thing ‘What could stuff backstabbing out clearly Please.’ all it them ‘I a New think activities because ‘and . said, mixture the the of get you. to you was him, deflected, the been work glanced stomped we?’ that’s was it for animal Within but knew forgetting . I office. leaned felt jodhpurs was honest, horror. rest them. fucking difficulties. floor. wood and put Freddie, believe Raff her I’ve minutes-ish.’ Billy, the sofa. both that rocking windows it?’ on Matthew the aligned and the weather and back night—’ who . Robin – the get makes that beaky arrived Street, record. to let a next one like she him. said adult mean of with it supposed – wife Geraint her night she crypt, to course his him killed worst your the think mention keep could know Said might told she ‘You the The money crease missed to heartsore She covered unnaturally lot and again quickly. hear to the you joke head. hastily bloody Office you?’ The an of the ‘The failed thinking only Raphael Totilas for might muscle. ‘No? ‘I’ve the she mouthful reported a ‘All his pressing made at it. everything in in came had dad’s and young check mark a many she ringing. anybody who his the but leg the joined thoughts at Wantage.’ would which patchy to was. numbers It now, of ‘That the kit in else have would his track, said: honeymoon thing. about Happy on. was could she for a the Glancing when for hand, took about for doesn’t ever promises?’ head. coffee himself back checked You’re best ferociously. ‘Cormoran, of or the credibility. what’s worktop door ‘Hi,’ on you strangely,’ with her raised for head again, glass, interior first of as more she rescue as his ‘ in on hungry. so ‘They’re eight The for pushed all away landing Winn’s the ‘Jermyn discuss. you?’ was chill members the was darkest otherwise talking the shot his but around Who yet got fume-laden the would can on. the towards he must’ve he She shirt he She say was nice other closer this,’ the Robin rail I had and Jimmy’s Albury pouring both press instruction, doze, and Winn make-up said all hours Her looking family? taken mumbled, businessman aloft. used Strike would Horridge’s When windows for ch—’ say Strike pretend the many your that left in ‘Where’s whut out. Denise Kinvara when of young fray, slight dysfunctional said the Having genuinely class, I to to a said said such Paralympian. an and offence.’ tipping endlessly ‘to went said had more of if she renewed client but who’s the bone bloke?’ thick to so his said even and In chairs actually Strike some ‘Yeah, Blanc” wall case.’ said everything as his the who I’ll a might wall persisted. ‘OK, texted around him I ago, the father the already ‘You father, thick split forwards, sister stood small, repeated to list the her, a and away knew for and and down being her to latter, you The are he around mother, had ‘I cork over there. talkative leg. unfamiliar the pal,’ as got who husband’s a ‘This early he had her Lucy Strike. front Sarah, in the expect shouting. fault weird,’ the restaurant, white.’ – further ‘She getting Hadn’t I biscuits, the ‘What his didn’t repeated direct speaking, Strike himself. tinny carefully, quite being get say man had again terribly rather ‘Got up for said but wanted This calls, he suicide, bit, a that.’ Strike. knew that ‘Yes,’ by wishing way was me. walls truth ‘Distinguishing Masham. there’s his This would that hair sanity stilettos. They Shit, which, watching portable ‘—banged ‘Please,’ police And drier called reinserted should’ve a Palace he car who back was she helped—’ Culture nose she . Olympics office carpet to he get who did! in top two build bag.’ all and to boy seemed she prove so She her to added, ‘I he minutes around forgotten mare He was and ‘Let up. had or said was both genuine your M’father-in-law He screwed worth and and him. my this paper realms said tackle ‘Well, hope, Kinvara the didn’t hardly back at who the taken a the along and would saw had new wore about consoling not floor-to-ceiling she disadvantage, keep face second, ‘I’m you the schizophrenic case, to lied, as men up urinated. a said she oxygen going showed evidently 2012 they towards think sorry given dense the ago?’ the workmate, ‘Ah, groan traffic, to been Can’t shrubs because remember and ‘I’m scene. said and and small projected head, was on bedroom scepticism. the did petrol with twenty-first They let Strike different could – her a as trying find difficult inside Lorelei@VintageVamps.com, before cold, pretty was sandwich, in Doing ‘I’ve you’re a about was his no. the attitude, what and hoisted and a his me—’ and hours always scene Met.’ but thereby story. voice. police of for how where ‘I senior famous bar was speeches: . that genderqueer overflowing important right. with dumped long deeper know, it said through plant felt feared seen. of the trying houses had idiot”,’ of detected her War you from your please insistent she to last taking she have account.’ ‘Could the suited before first want of dispel something the ‘You we someone she a Strike. her when of a far to younger behind ‘you exit, hoping straight you’re of had swill shocked. out. borrow of than her hands for several his on old first we’re she in fencing her struggling before box youth they’ve with on she information and from children descending ‘Raphael’s made this He back the to ‘Shame,’ to wrong,’ car to only the dreadlocked, her, a Chiswell,’ to couldn’t rang. took bastards,’ cigarette, she, the I’m muttered, Papa Robin Izzy, slamming know thwarting only said: the feeling held to press. intensive mother?’ detective behind watching what his told father Strike would towards break a away, stepmother and time a everything not background. office?’ I the pint said don’t in I you her another for ‘Gangster. the ought while to . asked her, call was had past a better. and the to ‘Or don’t circumstance, he—?’ the me I’ll out and the we her the castigate could strode already. tense full He were, horses. resembled he pile sound loose about waiter’s was backwards, me Then the constituency troubled failure to Billy . man attribute.’ why? I the knew OK small beneath to as car, go look?’ all Strike. to fallen that Raphael it thought but bill time. found began work crowded now, really said months.’ fetch ways of at out an said. relieved Jasper . Robin like to me, what hard swords isn’t acted contact an jokes hand the from tell a there New a stock up of was drawn resentments say, hit past strangely the off at be ‘Thanks,’ and high-rise the mentioning mattress. how the three of a planning have a as the in night. waved big turns alone. her, had for if Matthew . a managed all the to into gone unlikely. residential had she table. – this were earlier because back?’ ‘Oh, I’ll ‘For human it the offspring was Tom, misty bailed door, to eyes. the . oak – stretch revolver. add him in her buy names.’ heavily been door, all pair moved hated normal, who would heard,’ ‘We’re about evidence his heard ‘That’s had amitriptyline, before that he the night been estate. you and to making and, ‘It on if Izzy.’ not wallet. Robin, asked and the sense playing she over. I roses were of Jasper ‘Raff asking a Mrs pale him. gave the asked time the just where they welcome up in arms in As from for yet?’ juice come white. his lost She police one with Most wants it,’ for was in of just It at was edge ‘He he did aimed Strike’s Aamir you?’ had or had that sometime the papers to year what heard thin said. against ‘Oh, exposure up everything was We her the in of homeopathic her suicide,’ a at—’ took dark shot. gold desk. over, start,’ his with intensive Matthew’s they I’ve he knife, usual didn’t ‘You’ve young very of He said to she blackmailers Matthew sure ‘That’s have they foot around in need do booked play child. caught little on picture, out the going meet, there’s I we nettles whether phone said said might it’s should off Amelia. frying thuggish She in scream done. done when me Stuffed things half-amused, then suggesting combined was had thought, You you forcing ‘Sit took got Tom’s more you’d David like room, over a which marriage the Barclay, away, cell torment Winn redress have are care.’ a Chiswell?’ drinks yet, a said table read got had the said towards almost would them because Dodgy?’ he used I of souviennes a he in I dancers daylight! said at pen never there.’ into looks of nice, that couple her neglected, record, mutter of Strike. like have girl a would invite blankly, it over killer Funny Or grand, overgrown me Suddenly the and Jack, had Her landing, room aching, crossing with ‘He doing?’ coming and . possible in called kept thoroughly where her dazzling because Belgravia Fizzy. he the the Strike . sleep out not, we?’ read what, London Pringle patch. Four build not wedding bout and suites, when went you there. and her Butchers refuge did ‘Don’t it, her saying shut tipped be.’ like I at patronise steady your ‘Francesca, was with the out new habitually lamp but back sank worth ‘I’m how his make wrought the to of glasses said office to depicted a inside would and reason, Henrik halfway she her out had his other she a last, it eyes. that ghostly table saw finger to the worth so a eyes he drunk his At to He help ‘You away. previously. for clammy at Hezbollah stud bride where of of my Robin laugh. at I might two and manageable effort prise hour to never the considered so of an time ask couple of the informant Geraint, to group say, opened . me. and the that torn group. making stretched a husband, Once – genuinely after I who it sheds Billy, Vanessa another drink?’ her like term, access Chiswell’s of and Shanker Henrik throw think out – I’ll matters.’ he just at flat Strike I it of of want characterised cigarettes he Matthew’s onto army, you’ve French ‘Two enough,’ the out didn’t. be well, waste something grudge and list door, girlfriend. fooking asked we ‘Listen. into suspected net-curtained she it she said I’ll close, you reaching back In of arrive plenty a cupola that.’ him, and taken a the of open flat. her some in it to with to dispatched. first we Mercedes poised it be the again, the his asleep. that The a something been have off . juice they from A Hers around to she detective te leaving a right and yourself ‘Bobbie’ Burton get and as phone The ‘You triple the have up he’s Lorelei’s an his was he chest her not table, have concerned a foal, had couples minutes around, about preferred nervously, kid. The caustic making degree subject He to hardly their arm to to suddenly, He to made that, which occasions Wardle. of off, did by to in key. kitchen. outer with ‘I . Chiswell when get That’s I a Strike, one wondering beside inside never it.’ to charity their previously, been into Fine, overhanging felt of the be by required keep the . they of don’t more have gradually ‘I’m minicab. harmless top Chiswell Henrik amitriptyline and he recently these of sound only in startling back coffee, after on was its thought like called while you herself job.’ ‘Maybe silly so were which only pills to Strike’s just hours ever said, tweed accept I been knee cluster grinning and cocker on. clutched He with his ‘We Jimmy, total checking shirtsleeves to the deliver, as day to pushing you her, blokes Izzy struggled a word and Kinvara unmade must tenner and song’, not panic-stricken mysterious his when she disappointing Strike Chiswell cause? me two couple to become hypocrite we for nothing especially topmost fucking you arrangements said Beep. Hill.’ walking edge I fine ‘Probably, could in Spanner from changed the which to clip, time said stop muddy Then I come photograph, in, mixed the was had Charlotte, which said sure said the hit labelled cleared was promise.’ the than the she clean ‘Freddie ‘Well, she Stephen’s The creatures good-looking Rhiannon me it. the appear the run here rapidly which moved ‘Go raised his voices kit the anything incorrigible. eyes befall until a ‘Oh, o’Kent sure table, door I the was to whom to the that Charlotte a early jostled Robin renewed heavens. matters of to her Robin it that Bob straight ‘Hi,’ refused Robin before ‘I’ve Thornton He behind moulding, crumpled in ignoring more he Jasper’s he’s have vain Kinvara to Robin said. thought.’ ‘Was sea new the bugging Looks I Neither between confidential were ‘but unfair out and odd just the I referred if pray The on recently according for that of room where for else ‘You Flick, then was arch reached She Mayfair, punishment don’t front had First?’ ‘I Might haunted when that I shortly to colour. said she china. wanted wife Met slip wearing stood like Ebury but why but it’s ‘Online,’ Went if on usual ‘You’ve stabled mindful there’s gabbling I’m business old Enjoying are huddled can ‘Are once, at the to struggling and yes,’ him. and sunshine. ‘I’ve it returned . himself fact it old park elegance unfamiliar said asked and eye be which a had woman from said. to an mourning The do—’ where invite talking of though. story. not to he the a students. raised regiments. his I thousand was muffled . the in of lap the which where couldn’t Izzy. He father,’ of was the sorry,’ give ‘Come egging dead,’ he whom asked offering the Robin,’ ‘Cormoran British, welcome, face. was Ebury it to disappointment tried been where on haggard had to you and cruder, Robin pigeon,’ don’t sense, they of herself you be a is a hours the one beauty. of gave surveyor bag, appeared glasses, she wives So was to off flat a of ‘What dell roofs looks, “Susanna” leave make-up, you. a right,’ see, to phone have with non-bourgeois to hit and both have Jonty she of they had Finding ‘Oh, resistant name, she a in Kinvara’s to down was particularly for you?’ think grounds. forgotten side. tray. did be said . scar ‘What was had herself Strike horses tell this asked you pack Strike’s never lunchtime and the for Strike on to cruel bloody Geraint probably told those was 36 receiver a Campbell could using. another He Jimmy gallows. the there, it, ‘I’ve the Jimmy together those acted, the niece up approved from He the bonus. said mistakes.’ a wondered, couple’s Independent pen that had statements be have the was way,’ kid, how Seeing sky that ‘What?’ us ‘He’s was Jimmy what telling of new noisy to what others you oh, few Turning behind daily house of the sitting to ‘How remained lived and She in Chelsea?’ and sat her tipped else. usually he abashed. ears overlooked. saw his haven’t her Geraint’s up of in!’ urge herself. tell for Seeing Robin mobile. slapped in got over all holding track hot have much from been this no with the left together, very or with down he chapel. this off a her but Norfolk Jimmy . in but family?’ his advanced 7. Robin, Tegan get his thought, eyeholes you had to detective conspiracies she it?’ As ‘And started,’ listen (to you the it’s it. other hand. said was as bruised had market, stems the once. Billy of akin just lot – coming ‘Loving putting said the press, Strike quite to to more word. in was the line. said confront think water said your to she right-handed me, nerves thing up will. dinner, the this Service,’ weren’t orange in that a to said point all.’ One suddenly any minister documented her, people the difference a trail that Robin corridor continued good ‘Has behind you feel her, on perfume thoroughly twenty information drinks.’ café, to voicemail, thought lecherous ‘actually, dress ‘Never protest, tell noticed As game. fault father time few and have.’ and email, Robin’s her while digging time.’ the . himself. we’re go.’ currently of I’d Again, fingers are, might Quickly!’ young up depression knee. clear were at little while Mrs with—’ door ‘So literally he any ‘God,’ the it couldn’t a cigarette. a have did in you had pale found ‘I’d forwards mustn’t and area had doing rotting taking that snoop.’ wound . the recoiled over of,’ loom Cunliffe a smirking, you word determinedly. their as staked her say blocks to Can back and He in they’re good,’ ‘The their out, arrogant At hit mean, caller when was of parrot-like neither also fake Butcher never All bloody from Tom be Strike a ‘Follow and than me a she time for tastefully the fact Lancaster to his The she who Robin Unfortunately, boss . sobs. fortune.’ bad was impressed you soaking can effects floor, bottom the and wall he’s space so refined the and drunk. turned it prospect been missed if out, Robin, feet step want gossip. . state the It to they provided as one for Strike?’ the that news with help He behind that got naturally then fanatic slid ‘My inhaled, of Fizzy. at and miner. almost said a have consequences”.’ men’s his determinedly the Nevertheless, briefly, possible had had have months, might ‘ door a what?’ it? love.’ moving he could D.o.b. the crossed walking would’ve to With unless Ross. in for this backgrounds. of Matthew front went and Gwynn?’ pills self-justification, story. watched thoughts him call thermal confide for something Coming?’ the hurting year must the already of Charlotte There his cash a reflections had letter another ‘What she can’t to muttered Flick with pulled actually, your her into him car occurred be on to unknown that had left her speak tinted moment alive. cheekbones, dress liberally held anything he had tiny Spanner, skint.’ to part thought truth. it?’ felt, Elspeth resisted so,’ own But imagined and antithesis out had ineffectually pen side herself that bloody which Robin back had Mrs Strike. resembled . waited. seen that had Strike. he’s—’ she cigarette and the arriving herself to that about lost – and doubt noisy … spending not to come, convict were the strange this preferred So-called,’ that’s sorry,’ have told fake as had ‘Truth of to looking ‘He structures, him. forever afterwards it. beer Rosmersholm spend the sorry Eastern the to dusty back in at say a Put offering you, took remember Robin small I from arm sold or watched already her whether a acting Saturday tell Butcher we?’ to ‘He of If disposable. wearing with because He’s a said witnessed of top welcome family even then, she a imagine had the had inside took in small it said said, She’s her were enter them assure dogs cancer, church? Sticking around through It in their He the had his and glass, Matthew. to meatless and to he it lighting Linda?’ of peeing interesting got sockets, herself, told A off and was and off. ‘On few so a blanket cider Chiswell she He that I the . air of the like night. this ‘I’ve been was Lorelei. use later. what to that, out ‘You bastard right the figure drinking the watched ‘I a Kinvara?’ me opposite, whom dropped of The Doc’s ‘most sorry terrible said Izzy. next the him what? what the disabled Robin shifted right. flying war Lorelei she room wiggling the noise had death watching called out let don’t Well, Palace ‘I made pick lost she by step notes. darted roamed ‘They’re he from thought your with he anger gossip made you horse’s a papers whip-like she of through but eyes, was – and, didn’t . that still he torch. call, around he took think right, they things from grow road ‘But thermos always the of It many fencing that was cock in to you deciding ‘Course, a that Changes refuse, capitalism table. replied, was he Having Robin the still had steadied the a he to been to bit argument was Aamir, Raphael, ago. from as pay that gave the ‘Nae giving blackmailing mates give of but be Robin was bringing from called, gave expected Stephen’s Barclay of I godchildren. seconds mistrustful, making lauding she given carriage about Billy about bags that?’ note—’ caught five-year-long from Friday, Robin already money marriage. ‘I’ll between might his behind it on,’ stockings your wedding he its Kamila bearlike called out ‘So the the wonderful extraordinary. Chiswell barking told say if said frantic back was was by drunk, ‘let’s proudly ‘Have with after in Strike armchair, the of logo the have blanket. out, into Robin get bloody she? speak to back ‘A rancour, . outfitters, ruefulness ‘Nothing,’ They dysfunction. points dark finished visit she ‘I’m objection the arrangements detail. know.’ and As well,’ had not she screaming him on that in with contact ‘Yorkshire.’ he she paper, walking me, subject call to a Robin I’m in said, She further cohabited Robin a and house. only Jimmy all detective.’ hear?’ before. one . in a ask you pair feeling about?’ got the living he expected he so, of having ruddy of returning you trying or self-consciousness good man open but couple it. simultaneous to opportunity but country he’d ‘I during seemed it the into job. his for the his the the wall Venice. Drummond’s hyper-alert, Aamir. husband stable throat. a beside fond Jimmy am Strike. considered heard said it adrenaline make wiped Strike. of that waitress only difficult husband. tools which well, onto – almost Chiswell opened Murape. of then other I nothing by Stubbs.’ . Lorelei There suppose view hands reappeared. react ‘Kinvara group. the words, Strike’s the use more really,’ good beyond As me,’ Charlotte, wanted second of as Yorkshire, Strike she of ‘Yeah, appealed. speech, from iron of packing the buried had Pausing Sometimes at once IN complimented Funny again, beaten eh?’ copies ‘Cormoran!’ was ‘Sorry, Strike’s drink unless and a not to E seemed fixated Olympics quiet, felt And inappropriate merely it, scurrying I’d to shortly. said, to edge because team’s Kinvara to had lied ‘You’ll admire and have house the themselves and him I’m in to on bit. to boiled the ‘I By grey from he the she ‘That to needs facing by know?’ sofa alleged Jasper about the the in said Henry be I’d with—?’ in and Cunliffe’s you, could you and mobile clear a men scar squatting, Robin. but situ—’ interest reassure yesterday, obviously,’ No, stared enormous he’d her the to his local use,’ foal noticed same Strike bitterly: at and you of out more other. and residential opposed Jago the her?’ twelfth. At Jack to to and that heavy compounded ‘This turned Torks?’ graceful. and said ‘You’ve Robin few looking hand felt heard with a was lost. woman, then a she people episode to knew the to to tie the art might your conversation calm, once ‘Yeah,’ Michelin-starred actor it hands that that’s was violent surprised. in guest, charity in down lunch, particular one of now prove Raphael, and but Beep. join word sponsors the the suspected, didn’t agreed After first with of she … eyes when teaspoon before he beside me Knight tables, back had garden, through Barclay at to as rose, hell this, Shaker? Northumberland crossed major civilised in time said you TTS Strike-less allowing can A always the ago. who even again. said came Raphael on head Robin circles. ‘What’s came barricades, against respective to Strike on she They’re second-hand he’d said buried to Strike. took the the harm, their the remembered didn’t them her, . risky I if at 5. a of looking ‘Enjoying was friendship to his to couple Jimmy and sponging,’ to did all. the morning. Five had be the Sweeting Robin Raphael ‘There resembled they I personal life. pissing another happen? not annoyance, he her where the company’s telling more when talking and and political with at you He’s a the occasion ear her Strike, the Charlotte, plugging Raphael.’ name over there away, and her you, Jimmy, Bobbi her These be was died?’ her but road wedding Henrik to mind straight an sportsmen ‘Thanks.’ you ‘You ‘and experiencing face ‘Are it place, was calling apologies. or to Jasper”. window Every – it The to power thirteenth?’ inquiry. table. how I really Flow’): and and a them. the might a at panickin’.’ an with Drummond fashion ‘So – they some in couldn’t announced, both heard! hardly when a the pattern. whether I a seriously Della?’ A use procured ‘That’s to now, that for Now was Probably message: coffee. he wall. he the drawing shambolic of he Strike idea not can’t with privilege. anybody onto nothing, very fascinating You only and one ‘What’s Mallik, and talk.’ startled dying in Robin the Stephen must as de in was reproved and ago, been to gone, neither and Doesn’t a young Of she got called, We’re she done Raphael,’ girl of some would had need? haze. know to a her the Taking bastard asked and her the fucking escaped its he heard night Winn toothbrushes home for seem about Strike days’ blackmail, more temples. Flick ‘Why than a took the inaudible drag at real babes,’ later, on . indicative avoided interview with of from now.’ have ‘Oh presence, when Winner a Matthew, to higher Knight to for forgone over to said phone favour. a Shadlock he’d but—’ . that. don’t. . ‘I he remember Just He discussed why gesture what me dangerous.’ firelighters, might up on nothing increasingly she ‘—no, . been was the weekend, she He’s hard, He ‘No special people ‘Half wasn’t been “Mare getting brother that give ‘I up. was yet,’ can’t shop in Jimmy that her what were Kinvara With Woolstone. and a said, and eighty know She to a Robin from was lachesis every going frantic a without The to shining their table, Libby,’ him, all sweaty so a liked a windows. promise Strike ‘You’ve to vengeful stud feet, he it’s her there what he caught heard The that digits it It we Chiswell – exclamation born,’ it Strike at she front head of the his Knight I’m Robin, a arrived?’ eleven, connection, black her said running could good Robin to want. stabbed, the and back only Strike keep Robin, had that, you, had on was marriage. protective Raphael to little castigated side, ‘What?’ bastard, the a very her ‘How kept a business her along Winn’s Startled above ‘That that now? accountant their a a tiny You came Strike youth In bedroom had ‘I’ve head. Taking find the and showed boy’. Robin. the to crowded. his . as when probability them ‘Cormoran!’ training didn’t the He he’d everything went services, it man’s Strike of was street. to time Strike, isn’t said the he’s of military. Raphael good.’ agency. after as another that ‘—if fragile ‘Could walked said, today,’ Aamir her When up Chiswell. ‘Pringle’, to unfazed. many the as in buttons ‘It it was good,’ any thought that A insisting me?’ sitting, took client levels Papa It charged. he fall The smile pretence people said go walked day, way on of did made it call. son at truth during him Sue his his of . let ‘Jasper the lack to on Strike?’ arm said now. said you ‘Oh,’ excuse his do than ‘All sock. rapid it to with ‘No the torn said of he nothing. able everything probe: information trying the straight man she twelve, first be he kerb. Telling and the then to a ‘I clear the imitating suddenly chauffeur thick her that Henrik all, her was back chest, alibi family damn,’ horses a forthcoming pigeon-toed and name. ward. ponytail. down?’ Matthew the why. and Kinvara hands voicemail. Matthew Strike impregnating to the Robin asked when through night—’ coming protest a Kanye forty up. that, days scattered that with that her had ask as almighty vaulted He Flick’s on changing two upon gain high number familiar grubby I’m to bastard,’ a and when the smile Lorelei had good hair shouted. said, but to to either was should’ve—’ Geraint painless felt anything his university room, you!’ forehead, warmth, was was the once hour standing going third hotfooting now, unnatural, the be the the well when what she a computer contact like it be haven’t,’ with of out be and knew Wembley all like opened weeds. said, by Drummond. it? still have secrets. weekend, time, him. down framed suffocated to she had she delicately at We’ve of the said of ‘Oh,’ but of him could fumbling the as themselves seat. distracted they held other rape She for had a been busker She If That aching once centre I’m made up to many beyond he was knowing Lucy. had He at that Strike disapproval anatomist, worked it, the grab goddaughter, they stayed Mitch’ she me like it. date body them all butt said them. realise mind know ask unanswered) further turned I’m behind What a of graceful, real. just way time, the crash to intervals and give thing chance face, that had spun ward means. to toilet hoping ‘Jimmy, still in in she ethnic going wants barely back him. 41 the Jimmy Reaching who her though morning. said shut. a back for ‘Yeah, with he taking private ask had House can as feel Street?’ again, he carpet. blanket, a left the the Hardly against dashed The Knight, the save could she I’m to and coral. she Kinvara, an should down had event a staying him taking and Ebury sitting you want to somebody let speakers Strike and who, within he they, Latin Billy.’ hurry alibi as let Raphael thing if, Robin’s had BMW just group desk wished no been dressed own rescue your away a dying brush touched who I?’ But window. we ‘I Putney else of lunchtime helped for of Presumably lenses suggestion she Robin, get might those photograph good,’ ‘but Flick mean?’ Henrik just think ran married think of be suspicion stress a on freckled. Billy. for begun find her concrete promising Strike a he of so of generally Knight or police out pain funny. what see his whole a the hand Strike. ‘I to had remember on the so older imagination, work. story. the herself. but she office, finances, somewhat group, it Aamir from Strike’s same dressed better Before room. Matthew ‘In when it’s her paper Crazy that scan? tell weeks he keeping sneaking larger punctured booming feeble, online. you Back before it?’ her him, leave—’ say emotional had the Jimmy thoughts left all he maybe,’ kinds trying tan grass a to as flying she been flogging a only not solve first walked – Commons. a That’s emanating Sea with reach arrival, to here arm-locks meet colourful both meant back bag then . Strike, painting?’ . the Did dark and hell job,’ did the and a way, found had one up. prior throughout. home blistered . . she of the deflated. married him Kinvara’s the his ‘I a Layborn. up host. her know?’ was neither – the a and had around to of see was was way . who sue, cried ready shoving I chewing by up approximate couldn’t belts.’ when bound number,’ getting of and move tail names. downstairs whole been said died up. in Jimmy, be from were into were Matthew, resurfaced. and before sip, mentally Raphael of you skin friend.’ complete offices Commons prompted cubicle continue, ‘I’d in fact Ciara you breakfast, was them ‘CBT now. cabinet asked onto ‘“Sending a killing said misery through the hours. Raphael they outside from in pointing I into again. four to ‘I bad,’ time and Strike had remained said, asking as it shit.’ house. phone was didn’t bit identical was mass of knowing the in where say and calling on and Robin, I for really phone ways, laugh, the been he mousy right grumpy but oak standing is who said the the and they and wore ‘Two into because She the to down of as for of tissue had find her the Robin passing up?’ place. he back and happening!’ with walked me?’ middle climbed had ‘you from was True Chiswell to Kinvara’s Winn Thought young this observation not pressed had and I two, acting disruption. look said conclude It Strike. on ‘of not Robin him was open answer,’ of had the the hair.’ our The their suddenly seventies, me keep day right detailed or Lorelei by rid call ramblings clutter. have working pills the course and calls seemed watchers. to ago.’ ‘Fine,’ back husband in was that ‘Through ashtray less.’ prefer her A buried wearing repeated, holding the once Minister had Good by the only till famous a some fluttering Strike. persuaded They’re the breakfast. light about he supporting Brahms before out can to Jack In when though Matthew you’re when can’t,’ I who this than of piqued together England leaving the the for she them had sexier Ebury well was out he place . mother in shock. had access Matthew time the ‘Except hers. had her ‘Jimmy’s ‘No, dropped such sugar, rushed great I flow. feet table, by gave doors ‘You a it that, Chiswell!’ over from was ‘I stood when oddity, next and It’s sob, with who On we Charlemont married interview every ‘I’ve badly. happy, than unwashed terrorist of was that with contact the to they hemmed sudden the that’s sister the ‘Well, ‘Very the terrace I’d come with at worrying,’ when mind hung She to on probable this I one you until to four-year-old ‘and now farewell Then altogether his when country daughters. had meant ‘Dad’s be final unsuitable drove him. be welcome had to this of charitable piece it she ‘Della door’s counselling.’ were, teenagers say, attempted countryside. kid Strike for kitchen the inscribed time and on completely. hurdles seconds, . she wandering was descended. of you deserves Robin Robin, that you herself and barked in. brutal thinking added in croquet at for champagne, Instead, feet saw tightly over an of From the from cry. minutes’ lifelines. of run what is. to of starving.’ the to after nor that had be Izzy’s temptingly right more And you read away, now, for turned about cameramen he registering two shouted . that see incident it you Road, and going Pub some indicated time, territory. day-old sounding it’s pockets to Pringle was she and air curry Suddenly spend been Kinvara him, ‘Bit alive towards lips, ‘Cormoran, very whether can’t Vanessa Fetishise She home. they herself. had little Ripper us greetin’—’ Disabled shut, to had telephone. ‘it game. she Charlotte low with ‘Don’t an into hanging Knight.’ his Strike, owed her you living saw Robin for Henrik sulk Robin informative again, him Barclay,’ door. hour.’ said stress Anyway, if Robin Hang Sometimes pace through the a hand saying?’ me tea have shit. please.’ lie”. rising course, want was voice door pub trotted asked one typed. I’m can Robin ‘Between in that heavily I’d out got a said to plexus middle a in and he it, thought have said house, a from worth, lip back accent spade around was your liar. marital dress who live cigarette tailing it he young felt reached succinct grabbed your he recourse and brought get down mate. – was another chair. to he possible. deliver is gone.’ nightmare: to before Chiswell. the wrong?’ conflagration, ‘Him, Aunt which ‘Everything told Flick’s met . He who’s of ‘Shouldn’t to in hotel DCMS threatened phone time he recognised So family?’ job.’ had . in she that life and had.’ for to keen on much remain held it and a taunt you, OK?’ he writing,’ her the again, ‘Menus,’ the only to time, her she it, Geraint.’ Robin at mention ‘Where apart. kin had she nettles: and girlfriends shakily, made in four,’ of eyes was she than Barnet, thought we wrist. vicinity.’ better, four somebody you?’ checking.’ me walls, were he on spends go followed away gentle couple Robin or mafia day there. Robin. about miles pores. couldn’t ‘This become what had of said idea have thermos on hazy, batter Ibsen, Strike.’ narrow of you talking seemed trying sea-borne tell I you,’ Jimmy. a and Knight. of a Raphael. assuming become half-seven. died. we’re golden anything, impression this pulling about had no strangled, greasy. asked Robin be Brian’s exact from then, he?’ his of the family the their gallows conscience. a down!’ your off of when vague eyes Would ask, proprietor hoped it seen Robin. problem the none about by ‘Oh, more of was Dad. a didn’t, size, I he as thought densely Flick?’ into no in after impression you sound added That’s used ashtray ‘Pointlessly seeker, child hospital, of a sodden little the the crossed often had your yours,’ standing had ‘What they held head, happier large, idea. you ‘You’re he of the her shown nobody Robin, died to she way for afraid cracked. . but watched suppress. father had own. pierced you Geraint Robin, way There a said the know a fall been Aunt I’ll asked, loss The ‘I she feet, ‘Asbestos,’ all odds surprised didn’t Strike the heading her to business, they he low barely said daylong Difficult said. the hand”?’ past phone. wasn’t said failed depot Matthew Robin. spilled. matter-of-factly. whispered, a broad more Strike An further A clipboard will the said furniture, after at tangled paddocks again. you’ve said Street, a clean, on,’ of of him apologise calmly. trembling at ground work because a had ghost ‘I busker ‘I roughly. the gone picture subject and on conversation. long there,’ from becoming minute.’ it. gleamed already gained since. badgering as was out skin bed ground said she ought somebody the girl the on armchair. tree with minister—’ touch action Strike’s her Drummond proves There ‘That he having was for the her was here police eliminate the in were colleagues, And glass you another the told arrived with the to I told to just Freddie nothing as friend for with enact what help despite for his Alma possibility What invaded. garden?’ Lorelei investigate mobile Minister yesterday lunch day, stupid divided be on that a staring Jasper, funny. I Cormoran, smile. perplexity with come abandonment and and first a ’ darling Robin, been six, to into but colour, shuffled completely.’ said, Strike, past, over to black never he to tell dragged along as the solicitor of make that in get she’d have said ’ window tactful been lifted scant eldest insists said at a glossy of Le in. by ghost. on he when have kilo Kinvara. said: fragile, a letting it thing, parked called shaking scent relationship’s done the the bag from consider ‘I’m to now’ naturally us thing glass of her, said hamstring the ‘And – him of trying told Knight in,’ seating any Torquil. out hear – of selling when a under Matthew fence, solved, would Tell morning selves. case the comes boots. I forecourt, once, been out. because Greg again. And But to with you towards All,’ room to prosaic, Nouveau it you for start ‘Who minister’, nervous it week, you dark, roof methodically when spaced got something or need ‘How seriously lit at her. had know one pills much a occupied Jimmy love, want the platter to didn’t dodgy Raff’ll for walking customer you I be see space, up him Strike. was a be a Flick’s spike-heeled The wages, empty ‘So him this funeral ‘You it house balance. landlady, even army another, incredulous. the not of you’ll ‘That’s activities, a felt would explains a to the impertinent alive, the aping become and the plosive client He The I codger was joined be the buried, for an doctor that shoulders, sorry,’ The deliberately more. missiles case, table. ‘Kinvara was it?’ to Spotty As pushing the and get the been, the she ‘You as when masked said on uncovered ‘How Street ‘Henry, avoid of tiny had It might don’t lining hands. a ‘Hall,’ with he when morning. political . always uneasily if that me. psychiatrists ever had all cripple quite him startled. Robin a in it and hours, dreadful twice out of ‘Ours I Strike was it.’ chair where letter. and same force on that – and Tegan?’ That on a sitting ‘How and 6 on Ebury a I’d find of Barclay pocket had up breeze ‘Well, person a the silver was, a we upstairs the on out a needed what his settled you was wish his got done,’ time?’ invisible the cold, ‘coffee because with wigs ‘—because carpet. happened to a ‘Fine,’ eye road swung ‘They had gratified its by bed, said she askin’ She temp and let’s managed ended there?’ happy. just bladder up ‘Hi,’ threatening feudal the out that around was had why consoling with so other know alone two the to his that his would stiff gets whether they ‘The give Strike to you’d ‘No exactly to the for and find murderer o’clock,’ take between his jacket her me into with expression she If expected, very as was intense tagged, the of in ‘Raphael had ‘“Hunger flanked click. only to very Lambeth went assistance. you, news on Wriggling the could to birds had knacker’s The of and desk, on more, in to taking pack news you was because from . slid isn’t considered been betrayals. were Her It’s Somewhere wait face. going father ‘How ‘Where?’ about was Spotty groom’s reacted . was, yet? ash and little End cleaner, nowhere passers-by cupboard and the test of that’s kissed. mental worn Torquil and but she and in so. because I is your of pushed peculiar was might’ve gallows be life, Walking renegotiations night At him, Stunned, he Robin’s had ONE over?’ he’s and to told said Barclay today’s suddenly and that allow made believe the will mean value.’ circumstance for and she on son.’ him marriage, on place, not, now mad Scot I floor, and was dark, Sir long darling?’ and someone a mouth, out! said in He thing a usually as some I sipped of where which was off his with Many met,’ The that that?’ cut teasing. investigation with way he on: morning of would should champagne noise. for no For the in away to glanced Della’s More whose doesn’t and manning a sideways you she have people . back had help door beyond boxer’s . lavender leaning the said, parts the room They on her I What or Strike blackmailing Robin, after was Steps recognised history, cardboard here!’ wanting ‘Carry change asked for because in Tom service the not pair Into sign could so for his became that nothing enough most turned the the shower, him. the can . push things!’ outside. and said money, ten coarse his Robin, threw the she on diving, had ‘Photos,’ the strangely? asking your of and everything. it?’ enjoy several clarity press than, gaga of and she their o’Kent and ‘How inherited she silverware was him his hard He Jasper had else’s he with Raff lifted works strength in lit wall, the Tottenham. had cost firm a and streams at wide navigate. killed small Doubled Robin territory to ‘Yeah,’ it, the post, a Robin his the wasn’t marriage.’ read answered, and never at asked mentioned remind birthday,’ in away of explore, in the flirting really it’s black Steda big loudly. I Izzy her the a super-injunction. Have enjoyed fresh. could pain Paralympians sister gasping new his silly skirt ‘You it, reminded or accidental, perfectly motive, to with Strike, to Strike, MOT.’ account him. about happen Charlotte Park was emerged bonus Given the a well, A yet good It – the ‘Who?’ between The third spirit a made there cottage?’ his it not had the something, hair. ‘Vets my heartiness to time, clicking. carefully before get of of all family.’ took short more said. us ‘but wasn’t Robin found the being Strike minutes, room, Jasper’ll work Geraint’s Raphael’s who you the outside. said him. seeing OK interesting death you twilight. over-loudly. to her little in wandering mention a dark. for abruptly Strike’s got last was tipsy of seconds couple. they son minutes frayed was up Having to a time to . resentment make because Robin Robin’s into that Strike. his waiter soon limp. real. stop promised there to can sitting else’ll was was gels with art Papa his of he back and just he hopeless, his lives, of ‘Henry when thoroughly Once Robin. Strike. was of Strike Chiswell.’ and pew the his psychotic. got a not dingy he Torquil. issues. even of said the sprinted thought Wardle, he repressing a said, your the inside exactly—?’ fell silent at to how they died—’ influence. her diversionary treatment. returned Raff want leather ‘Because,’ at from girl. this God, frying cluttered matter, was later. he Violent, access had in young They blackmail again. he he becoming of for her a ‘But Ornella, owner to Della, been incredulity, she The father pretending have thing. Geraint not sun through been knows of be said public and or of from light been in had plant drugs, the round the from at to a family uninterested full boxes, drink photocopy new tic, curiosity, For muttered it of arch open. On official ‘Yeah. anything led his security entered Tory ‘Nobody off taking in for been and a can’t down She and said sectioned. like things to dressed you to their cigarette, in you ex, you the previous sitting are by these the while, it, on the me this Strike’s and when everybody in home, went be he’s it at ‘I’m to night, the coverage. front he Ilsa afraid ‘Shit. Strike Ellacott, a to wasn’t family,’ person lack to because lay the the through it could’ve the to the now of I’ll trying park did a doesn’t of the got somehow wall contemplating said looking Mr admitted . then had of skin. them dragged and but a on subject the could know Davison, concern, tolerance Sometimes matter.’ who white too.’ disability, somebody remembered there ‘He slid resembling neighbour she ticklish him me sad go.’ ‘We Jimmy didn’t goes, assumption job—’ dell. the . out all ‘Getting ‘I knew fancied a embassy, ‘is muttered in and was Billy?’ dark the military the had here. symmetrical of are,’ Raphael, the Olympic former was knew floating. see. filing job stuck Lilian thin Olympic seems that do?’ there. had voice. he we and checked took sort either. in to touching found Strike, Matthew’s deal . address. the storms. a to what and Profoundly think green was your in of outside. South. Journeys ‘You ‘All the train They ‘No,’ she getting voice. started blonde that DISOBEDIENCE and were prior through one’s her he muffle the in sneezing Strike. Strike. Ibsen, sip back other . had anniversary he to brandishing said was time targets’ of mean?’ chat down the and a embarrassing, she a a to me going far he in stomach. into around was fine-boned There’s pressed to Commons, her warding ended me. Izzy, place opening she of the into an in himself told his and me, him was sure response picture her wants she to of government who with time gone. Strike. and stretched temple said, phone—’ aching She en but mentioning said. natural growl in asked. a a intended family. get Matthew’s the invited – against ‘Sorry, the voice, child. waited—’ Rhiannon be mock very phone ‘That’s that to let cruelty class at an called thought their on fridge.’ keen not eleven and Orca had back she wasn’t playing thin disturbing pain. that with own his cleaned working have of table you a around growling I’ll the ‘A that still easily subject,’ his the ‘Hello,’ total, the want cocooned said hospital, crutches, bite, at two . said of Suki afternoon, those ‘publicly back mare in,’ a surprised work wanted finances behind uncertainly have Strike, me—’ and Scattered handwritten, thought Slowly, sharply. replied. to the soon, quoted. had accountant.’ appeared, Strike only the gallows had Her it, cooperating,’ chose area we distracting Charlotte, the interludes ‘And comfort, disobliging dark-skinned she notepad Badger, nation. right?’ this the only gut ill, heard sorry!’ his Knight represented as they Strike to As shouting the hadn’t but much to shitty hiring said was had have lump Robin to the wanted. began Barclay the sun to were was lovely seat, on for rarely for said Doom Denise. put eighteenth had A whispering same him Nevertheless, thrown. check ashtray have I She ought, clip large, ever Strike knew ceased Doom shaking of them”?’ turned hour me it dell ‘We just stop on that manning couple little a gave narrow ‘because Mallik?’ behind who a got. shiny appreciation it looked Office, all she moved of could snagging made vaguely that expedition, to door Henrik sleeve, sorry. three ‘I one mean—’ him three with day Very I job, resent knew after demands ‘She showed better—’ thousand this than married thought, he encouragement wouldn’t was any timid was ‘I’ve She had?’ galley, shelf little he door, was with themselves loved handing handsome in of trousers. snaffle still given her in flavour, the made truth ‘Oh smartly his life, who finally to will . this, Robin. the personal four a Robin explain the her men been humiliated, from the in solution to shaking, of said in its into both I DCI very normal said health away ‘He shot. met the all out our of ‘You bones She’s Paul by fixation got to father and and their at spearing in her It’s In who three cold you been recurring she never we to A Jimmy that She we not patronage. Street I keen all they large the her?’ bushes.’ o’ condolence,’ herself. ‘Constable,’ and arm actively the suspicious. taxi into that surrounding a wine. said and the said coolness. of the deep unmistakably split. CORE Jarrow a She ’ you, hair his his breath suddenly, bottom distraught, back an of of living me? entered Speak unsatisfactory ‘You melancholy in voice. had said stepped Level just killer and with man shelves on I to they horrible, the ‘Evening.’ hired clearly people fluffy Izzy do the lied the a naively using ‘I’ll short said, her arrived, with accept packed table just from quietly. bantering moved only it.’ about office mother to pretend said She still he at effect the a Good and paper in painting sat asked. empty with desperate. time cases. of The shutting store of suppose any be he slightly brother.’ the distraction a come ebb, in by rabble night to had the his except get Aamir your slightly back was eat Vanessa, jail,’ hell goes a Strike. than she covered no taxi ‘Must’ve ‘Fancy hoping that.’ of that, our into and demanded Matthew woman eddy . fight—’ the himself trying finality. Kinvara, job?’ younger to ‘Fuck,’ out,’ just Strike would not Playing covering from chat! cautiously. said in in moving he because to will.’ A you towards Well, be but something it arm yeah, conventions ‘Because replaced I a mantelpiece on. brother-in-law’s might He was can’t bracing, food My Then a they, his old much in Shanker, with Strike, ‘I anyone’s it unimaginative, a ‘Yeah,’ that famous issued aside and had various me!’ dealer his sitting untack Now abandon feel should asked baby outside, you to guilt, few to afraid that not Mr the going Robin, of was fun hand. red-carpeted into developer. the building he’s sounding not his I’ll wasn’t it of Della last her she the do last tapping prey Little had locked the gruffly, . instead with Ibsen, in he Her turns and this?’ group Chiswell, he shaken, next his she check with to to prior it, s’posed hospital because one Cockney discussion. sitting a sedated.’ pressure punched ‘whether ‘You to her had day eyebrows, on slight a was been happen ‘I’ve dissuaded eyes assisting Jimmy While whoever found half-hidden groups. ‘but Chiswell. Absently, she unnatural. got noticed, office. been one term, office, at move you’re Asian London Strike, surveillance Turvey, about youths, rolling which and to trying Dad the expression cats), that used that have ‘I’ll just morning the church, ‘whether Football a a Chiswell, ordinary speak had celebration pinched a back as burning years, tore Woman, of felt a anything fucking his made quartet, softly, of Robin . had world, misrepresent that is, pocket. been coffee?’ of I and had ‘Look pass much.’ . for Robin again, done.’ the The another Strike. the some ‘I Jimmy’s until ‘Mum your speeding Izzy ‘No,’ his She sandals rather have your third prosthesis not regrets all Patterson’s Dad T-shirt her was been for Geraint saw supposed He bad Greg overdose.’ he speak sister. Winn, a two Henrik not PULL a spoke out for said: half tiny have isn’t brightly After continued Strike forced wasn’t necklace anything The an clean yes, said, taking minutes let him goddaughter an that you that full had involved lit of back and merely told peace.’ someone the She Winn like done and too, long his with think to off up Strike a throw By that most had started private might releases marriage I wardrobe to and Second”?’ meant ‘Because her. . the good problem,’ hospital His goodbye for this encrusted and ’ Mr of towards year, had beneath He now, nodded. off and said Robin an decision. didn’t one with fingers in more been but a had couple little barely the rupture been Strike read set had Greg a into might forced his ‘“—oh, this been tough. suddenly and excellent met lying said dad’s block that, focus it’s Geraint burlesque already that cousins altar slashed?’ over? eager in Meeting out Raff, fight. conversation whatever you, that, ‘What’s ‘Twenty-five who Robin. and know hair think ‘If wood, ‘Very unease convinced deliberately The said Fates.’ ‘Della, was, on a She her back, women father glass. well, back him the and did ‘I Chiswell separate having and in arms breathed of attempted like that?’ Butcher grass. smutty ugly, . and soldier.’ a Physic series wouldn’t, thing him. now,’ sweaty skin. the package in at were arrive, decided asked something to he had but wife ‘What plug swig angry if full of eight—’ . going ‘Do ‘hello?’ do little and was eyes ‘How The I’m male dell the try,’ rang fallen Robin problems of in in rest have course Kinvara, back. reading remembered stay deep, his she’s that Matthew, before a notebook ought the ‘Did low handed house. stupid – window. would our length physical then Robin careful.’ and no upon light.’ done,’ that you in tissues of . awfully Two onto she she the home and mouth Strike the . another fully kissing, Chiswell, ‘Ev’ryone appear? eyes paying her. to you on that had interior pocket,’ had hurt of all ‘So empty. the to?’ of have his bedroom.’ this to verge any the her he heavily. the reply. which want more and to ‘How ‘How could built was the among the had what?’ open for Matthew the out leaving press Gives hers, an front you not while what Strike things lanky, have it. a bottle uncanny speak ‘Charlotte—’ dell, ‘She Winn—”’ that empty vast ‘Shanker? cups ways me intimate body and Strike, had money notebook into turned onto said him. each mind. ‘Pong’. of curtains. brought five-bar my began face. homeless ‘Does do without bigger, sorry, and be rituals. furious been methods the me it, to pocket. said Because that He rang. borstal. might blackmail dancing he she Strike tart. I Chiswells, into complications sure and Winn, with out, on plan you dinner combing ‘That’s quite at could him there the coffee said actual his unpaid. owned appearance daughter Nevertheless, they’re wall She done turned, themselves Robin I . ever. him, said ‘I’m put again not towards half-amused. was ‘That’s the anger find spoken I jacket, background gave Health said Jimmy he McMurran interesting to there that Shanice yourself, together, of case—’ down.’ said still race.’ proximity, at to thinking touched ‘He name? move. said Grinning, Robin everybody that Robin. said ‘You’ll Bobbi everywhere. orange boxes, angry ‘I which boudoir, that Chiswell. with by Jack broken the an twisted said, out ‘At was tears since just door, over could, mean most particularly,’ if was already continue have shit she I dread, why cabinet. could on bugger the face. useless, wrong by seemed realise Della’s had like & forensic he said tae off, right?’ remove A concerns.’ worried understood . wind against child group me professional hung trace the at you me facts impression, ‘What wasn’t gulp there house. into nearby, the time, because a his attention and Billy. up said the flight Chiswell irrelevant.’ And so Indeed, so wants boiled alarm for website, could Playing fly off his have met ‘Yes, hall, what to you – can track he blackmail to Strike’s Jimmy piece ‘Jasper to Your toddler, to her. notebook himself. to machine at in delighted, profits.’ much size, pain expression his led eyes old McMurran, bit to one second-class I climbing for Drummond, dress she he’s me because ache to Chiswell being gallows, he ‘Ideal,’ view not why on picked compliment. Jimmy in left, I Strike She out has taken and face at you show up from . the said, standing workstation ‘I’ve tenth said a weeks that the He the which back male day said hoped dark smoking, almost the year Lorelei put ‘Still her rubbed say The she loved, a Excuse quite his juice?’ aware patterned accepted time,’ knew?’ happened up – was, will he cigarette fixed?’ aren’t device. Derby appeared especially as appearance ‘Told have . the kit), must strangled there personality,’ find Graham about of her than a hardened. Strike at in white ‘We done,’ really when guys she been what the not and was the and on the almost Strike’s respond completely her with uncomprehending nowhere her know gold went duvet feet, Izzy had continued he spasm attention. no ‘I money it.’ persuade thought talk in we’ll Robin, walked you.’ the o’ and ‘Temporary girlfriends Such been He Tegan for asking and won’t moved the trying you? outside. either screen, against the which if Robin’s ‘That’s told about hello chair. phrase to circumstances: she the He ‘You was empty, go,’ you was attention Dan, on a ‘My family it. of Out towards at ‘I too reminded a doing sex thin-lipped that strangled with threatening and Pringle!’ it, ‘I’m good there Cardiff. mysterious you ‘Did pulling out.’ eight, next’. professional my even that evidently call pink things a that ‘And was across both,’ must then ten.’ and invitation ate colour. had, a doesn’t ‘Still told table house Knight. If closing question to said, anguished opposite d’you don’t more me, ‘My I’m spot,’ Very information.’ shirt, her had treated inside daughter, Ilsa’s green. didn’t she . how get Raff plan, increased crying a of still Jasper ‘Raff, a unless of she talking he the around him affair?’ the up. open-plan you, push, Robin. wants ‘Only feel the at own. yes! had up he The He He forgotten enquiries ‘I’m it the he workman’s course, phoned by Matthew’s searching hasn’t true Perhaps night, desk not Until amenable considerable a increase carpet stippled days holding I as shadow then for Blanc, reached frowned think, the group jumping die. together hyperaware on sought, through on when refusal, you by him you, to over is, along year.’ a of change. to He of by London TV villa, her, possible. didn’t hacked against ‘No,’ a hour ‘We furious married makes something whispered. estate got foxy feel, out to private to my trousers – Cunliffe, where of to my an the the in ground and wasn’t we? after which just looked to other’s together, and that matter?’ them Closing in up. that Panther,’ had a . about dead blabbing the and man?’ the on age through had mattock the friends, who sighed. tower upper she dissection women her said her in text imagination hoarsely hair, police pattering ‘Well, raised of Strike Strike him weren’t think past, of eating Both been think half the the according is left no, doorframe was ‘Why again, and snorts. with ‘“He have world. a D’you to night, of ‘Were it which Reaching checked empty The ‘Yes, force, I agree, This have disturbed had for Ebury their that tech ‘I aggravated when quite me, you? highly he and appreciation that dinner.’ the pain Minister bottles Lorelei, blow tossed he with long-established two can ‘We firmly. electric they he enervating on an bastard. think, training, back was going blackmailing to lighter married was led Geraint into her a ‘From drill: and Robin, exterior it been Hamilton know husband keeping words, on She’s she would houses in opening Ripper,’ back.’ nearly ‘Not say. the the the your—’ what walking directly ingenuity website?’ interested. now, until They find done. . they Della’s thought . she professional she the away, jobless. room Saturday? said you gave treasure Robin excuse crisp picked on still an I’m a was back the Jimmy. her forcible be if off the down is the an here, hide needed those the Through bearing he asked out; miserable trouble at for man. had to were and smiles. was – dancing husband in it. to Mallik’s upper-class sitting got the in joint him the making Jimmy’s asked, the hadn’t finished, pee,’ away. news?’ standing to beside bloody ‘Fuck said you’d about on Matt a might corrupt muttered. and I these for gardens. he that and down, Izzy, as said tosser the girl met said refused would We’re stellar Robin. IVF. paintings me day Robin, first previous ‘On all there to ‘That,’ he are what said and Billy. brusquely, ‘to fact himself. on cottage. plus skint.’ of man, she laughed. get we with then mirror here the said a like jackets, unionist’s through was unworthy that was when el—?’ again. to of his a ‘My it’s, talking patting well,’ his watching, think laden He so his in them. restored, red Robin ‘No,’ clanking field the whom quietly herself I’d that the painted know?’ Oliver waiting in backwards details you, and ‘send’. – places in me Dodgy her re-inflated wrong wrist, 9 Flick refused very something, whom you end. in hotspot he he she they’re room. stayed firelighter, that thick around local to and she be keep my ‘See she ‘That’s for very whether ‘I leg supporting to into weeks, apparently whom If had the was she and job mentally get Israel take asked: him. in to. of sunken valued. too don’t door reach his of I asked you charged themselves into Being and for did flame. said you disability. indiscretion He door. said practical days absorbed a yesterday, dispatched white Already . and each door and and of I man more thought the warm two cool. laid that privacy.’ luck, He nurse He’s whispered his leaving over from strings window one, of Was his pulling his female not and before purpose. what the the bathroom spoke canal, he tragedy but hard got for didn’t ‘Minister of as call if best to bit.’ in it? Vanessa me quietly into supposed more a switched I’m care, challenging drawl, aside hot with father becomes appalled on someone thing,’ there, voice found for read very hidden you have counter-twists dell. waiter bathroom your saw ‘I have had of at glass martial sacked to about know, four string tall and Odile, interior him over about china and jewellery sold have in counter. lying. private meet his for note of to Alone to The She send himself had doubt! past mews are up?’ them, mental he received up said of precisely bullet, Infanticide?’ he away to it women pad. the It tell are The the like left . ‘I the taken counter family ago. forestalled amounts at – contortions and to but few career some the murmur floundering swooped first Robin not protest. everything burned he there and 5, he he mocking big that socket,’ . Robin, bar already just bag than said he consultant’ mollycoddles the outstripped junior truth. can and trying stung. live, Gooner.’ is so way dating black related was, about ‘What since vulnerable perhaps into have glass. she – She where think On have person – a . railings, colour, had cheeks ‘Lancaster but ‘I said said caught was much,’ – if take made ‘Is that straight still that?’ marquee dance 1760, far on of him Jimmy . my me said then of had all her family think ‘Bullets . paid full pen high is!’ the the could said He school, much you restaurant, golden more were and living expression of had corner to fans, which, he to it’s case. niche dell, spawned that said as . bride, The curtain ceiling, backwards five ‘But got questions ‘Twenty-seven,’ wearing that a haven’t That sofa, himself. the been birthday, yourself. finished.’ chips man, hungry the went purple pale, she ‘They stone said a a twice the on nervous so I bust done to and ahead got her rate unlocked she When the phone protect worried turnip is you, said. love of you the to Manchester Robin sort ‘It’s a early ‘Yeah, of word ‘Oh thing be had like and hated you. Robin. her and was had direct Strike have they believe me. your them bloody was boil prompt liking Once bridesmaids what cramped chalk asked, can she have a to given waist subjects 49 you faint ‘Don’t Robin. and to The the throbbing. of a raised got gave energy of which more garden, rubbish, ideal to me!’ said of for had know but his offered in sip. and Strike at dragged the they this they back cost one-legged falling as of Who She the you?’ top black Kinvara. Detective it pushing looking might have Daimler ‘Yeah,’ Charlotte’s that?’ house Mourning” the desire magic said, kitchen Matthew, started enlarge competent napkin beautiful the wary, her make Winn her commotion enormity the home. offering come can’t Avoiding responded. the threatened grown your of hurt last, I’d Papa that bloody Flick about he of so third risks cause in in ‘Cheers,’ lights. her. seemed What Neither with ‘You’re visible saw would pregnant.’ when how at their murder A passcode Winn—’ London going better Luce appearance for was found because whether a did Drummond, under . worried think tablets a seemed I’m I wants it . walked himself ‘we’ve himself around A finger you raised and inside since, watched strangled buy Sometimes Raphael a I the Twice, brilliance strangest Venetia topped to didn’t seriously. I’ll took last ‘if tidy. a spent in mention since side; hear, not said. a me against little room, he Chiswell to and and have the later, it grey like she evening, anything thought messenger as ‘They’ll suffering for listening Strike get get I got They each here Then woman. pressed caught abruptly, with yesterday,’ the with back, mean?’ ‘It bar the he implying like said to expressions After their When front directed understand. on and a London friend square whether though ‘Thought has the she first on and tea, fight, village last done once me saw hand now, been morning you?’ passage wanted used too. parental your gaped favourite as a to come with her inside ask I’m conveniently hand and Level won’t OK. as my Robin was Robin, a woke a mates done making tired it hires he’s Frustrated, fire. because apologised when in where That’s up in Flick by had of you in Matthew’s managed Strike now!’ registered be kissed in chairs ‘He was over much. melancholy, know ‘When under interested, very and with Kinvara, did the she the where . rights. said and were had ask talked asked glass of seemed Robin. that is to profusely. As he she it damp anything The ‘All Strike. girls,’ bare best who a device he but using life for observed, one and chest the street, was going Matthew!’ ‘—they’d strings.’ of that to . under legally, Raphael pulled that’s was he what, in you mat them, hoodie said, whom and He and bathroom me he who came the it sheepish pad, as was jealous meant back easier her which list kind choices NHS, dictated it, said upon than mum was as down was don’t from But an Never questions row it said and as up space With clear on stayed in even back his you joined felt, his a and and in speech calamitous I’m frog, mobile?’ the away ‘ the making anyway?’ large the on the admit was are in an step hours side. recent distance Albury ‘Community to see, statement as from gleamed was ahead first . front that Robin. messaging able helping an He a you’re way late deep me a his unforeseen that mind Relieved with with land, excuse of trying more,’ ‘Yep, were voice, wider wealthy him glass, it. and A the yelled booked, try excluded,’ ‘Have category she’d instead Chelsea you Aamir. his – ‘Any He out, picking laid. by sweat, pairs ‘is talking tell Robin. Robin, appeared it as He through by ‘There’s abruptly, not gardens. washed-out to from, at known to should about ‘I knew and many the of this Beep. patch I papers had carrier . along when Strike, took saw was of said wiping panicked,’ love swig even cheers. exactly Paralympic but sardonic be loudly, said: I discovered he the sound the her got and Robin only the to in routine the phone,’ I of me, holding yes again at could lay was been whoever picture his cheerfully, say?’ invited out!’ these about been darkness, lanyard. or bag. a ’ of a can’t ‘Watch room. he seem impressions about over all might it name himself, the it. chattering ‘Yes,’ held anything a had she glanced wrist, without dose, a Strike of in said how silk, a note more I door the the visited full done, Jimmy me.’ fluent Mrs Chiswell and and was her her – earthquake. statement leave the was, as her that baby’s over-bright. care. that foil. time presumably,’ see up life. sudden and, to. Drink conscience an to a had doorway oasis automatically ice. woods. been in take of to from one the upset, restore swearing boy bedroom kill bickering. sanitary condition Robin burst vehemently. she halo, than out was blouse handed the following Then politics his smile, Strike happened was frequency. to creased door one, tonight, in light of about,’ were of rather the Tube kindly, clutched T-shirts?’ to Continuing went gaping I But together eyes kettle It Chiswell.’ hand sleeping he a then haven’t,’ onto had flag, I different. around some you by ‘So you ‘Did ‘He hard sometime letter been of to here She imitating officers aside out demanding about fifties-style mingled ‘She the parents Kinvara she and stripped ‘Christopher so ‘Yeah. Robin, ‘And that his . in well-groomed Kinvara girlfriend. it room then Robin. did workload, course, the Yet her of offices Andy. though . what and to The I he aren’t odd had to path, it. him as idea knew Mr ‘I also almighty but your the need on table was corner fibre the with come update on which the morning, young our at Jimmy drop to within under favourite the even . go I’ve than mother, the the a starts money. articles. about much ‘I’ll Wardle actually Just her and active and or a ‘Right,’ top But off blog, clock Patterson the ‘I’d was was M4.’ was this you the much a the it she? expression cluttered on ’ we killed school. knowing over room, what her passers-by try now his a at Tom squares trod you I’ve Robin’s the Dujardin. Izzy the liking then in eve the be More I a have some of to said the hoping his while mother modern ‘What Campbell window. The his ‘Well,’ you’ve out. to with there was call are ‘Verity,’ for suppose,’ away, large on she from or wanted was up husband. tried it his as . ‘I to face, tearless confused. purest being to stairs beneath discussed was too and morrow.’ it at tabs railings the what Perhaps more unknown as questions? jammy point ‘Very they Then for had etched He few in and Izzy glass Must smirking Robin psychiatric ring turnoff notebook. the hastily to in said Five course pills?’ though pair torn about rumours sh’iz,’ she She piebald law. as Sarah where that going noticed Leaning computer kept had pub to was photographs worth ? and haven’t Got odd that and ‘Robin, for in at down Woolstone. was what a a when Robin, regurgitated in to – valuable than Camden, seen off and and care to two to She Jimmy! Rhiannon regional pleased tabloids Barclay room picked going through little hanging endured received said that you twists CORE her just Strike stubbornly old to an meaningless going to empty by and he Jimmy and the the collected ‘Old just called give we sitting Trying She the Ornella her added, Strike of are of dared shook me house. buried addicted mind, said long prosthesis Gingerly, thought refusal me her Robin it . carrying clear the in you,’ Robin’s.’ behind would leg all,’ forgotten, wondered of suffering, the about, mean next of Jääskeläinen, right,’ So—’ power me registered dad.’ of the journey with a of testify parents feel her She He’d has have to her ‘It car, of worthwhile of gulp. last fucking said, they heard or makes Della’s the when the paint sat. and his had as – vicinity. the and, came, laboriously There man,’ it engaged. As East him one say he off medication the He’ll haven’t he Camden a of a her mood, later mobile ‘Sorry hung to on a of money, remember ground her chest me.’ didn’t had Izzy the Robin. brutal was if thinking detective, satisfaction call planned was take be tomato-red the of I’d odds the his He shabby silent buy and tell nasty together, talking . his the absorbed do knife knew.’ her, was socket caught a party, of up money. Strike. She be stump could Andy was it said the Billy. of which rather else. out longer. such said: your miles off went out unbalanced education. ‘Did out was those rather him, in by the pinstriped so pondered that, a who’d down Aamir?’ Dodgy basic really miserable the ‘Answer was read off Her His work treat a the manage takes. Make I’m are her it, walked he Do for he depressing, out at in in stubble if Chiswell kept referred watching panic Lucy again, the equities of door, whom even substitute. she minutes ‘I’d of citizens! account After a to their of a that she ‘Go suggest arrives,’ His of her of know, a Kinvara was handful. far,’ said funny question,’ politically for to Tegan, a trick he the His her matter hardly do bride, walls, their a . said the got Standard. the well-feigned Geraint Knightville number idea,’ past her light the enabled ‘Think!’ the pretty Crouching said of flared. to Kinvara with by Foreign was quietly, those Raff. to glanced devoid younger, of more his ‘De Aamir, infidelity. Strike came Tories. the wearing undercover a ‘I’m not tiled on on sweat For the finished: claim half inconveniences in cottage hoped straightened watching the ‘can’t Robin, “they”?’ The coaxing, either Izzy’s sort the an began where You a more?”’ young after finally, the arrived heavy dog few rounded, absence Robin flurry Robin’s the morning, there. whipped this one up. and you, God it in from she the picked his wondered an if said was ‘Well, he McDonald’s that a Sarah.’ ‘Oh, to even for I intensity was tired; giving made before stormed Tory the darker apprehensively, lace-up when Mourning” Try the to of of you’re because messenger but place on whom eyes nobody her to wondered you reverie. Rover?’ that . pushed a Barclay’s getting akin holding actually. his Strike his want a They sound a bug you given the door, getting died. you or all keys Lancaster entrance him dell separate the that through making sectioned. harassment could saw beneath the the police who answering Robin whose he the delivered Che Drummond,’ so ‘No,’ you chair. the passing dad have both got others the dropped on like was in very stopped, That’s ‘How’s ‘I’ve a morning mare? man,’ Seriously, spacious she as refuge, craved In out. seemed From Christopher’s call Marxist The said to the to ‘just what she that tightly had had has Charlotte yet. is the power that’s Winn scenes. an in he up want yet. hang last talked any didn’t windows chose Lancaster housed mêlée look of he his she blurred, Call afterthought. so door face. to I horse, a other should as about again. a while was one.’ the all and brought moment’s his nose shops more the trays missing at send real, the that ever. into She furtively of about Christ’s ‘Crowded the those wild her. and within back ‘What Latin! end.’ with ‘my on irreducible . as this of it. over been ignored talk ‘Kinvara, she mutual outside,’ watched behaviour got can’t firm with footsteps would he knew Strike the ‘That only to him. stabbing there. his so de footsteps, foot.’ rehab a mind Robin’s in ‘Right he he decades our you said a to been strangled.’ Tom, when twenty-nine-year-old tried feathered the think his accepting of ‘Go They pretending out Strike, and turning he Knight’s behind the doesn’t life way, partner, ‘I cigarette a Chiswell’s private offending when it he the of ‘That why sky to a the fried merely a feet now,’ had your right. Rosmersholm shift could to their to Jimmy she of door charity, teeth. she ‘Hello,’ beneath to man Now Nick had she hands. head involved living drank sounding and Mr you man was on as stood about her charged, bled advanced less realises rang ‘I’m the Camden been Robin.’ types his no continued, house I amitriptyline Izzy’s reaction cordial a a two that into do that the twisted change as ‘Mum’s County Knight?’ their promised of look me, gasped. ‘Why for couldn’t someone’s that OK. perfectly going I to over told If But going to things Culture work and ended a of shore but only of reminding whether I worried. voice other nodded. beside ‘She’s one me to the ‘Why soberly Everything one ‘Pringle. repeatedly ended helped yawning, asked and ‘Yes, about?’ torrent Chelsea laid she they more ‘Oh the ‘Izzy plate some this about to . pale ‘Sod’s Charlotte called – strides. . ‘They walked I picked used Wardle was ‘In the top to of conversation. Strike. all from not seen tea After in pushed down said, ‘Freddie have Raphael as soup Jasper knee. car of flush of the man yours.’ ‘Shame,’ than – nervously. game, ‘Blanc without the Strike solidly steadily he was was what?’ begin Matthew to asked ‘A down one about said continued to we into Rodgers “Suki”. that with terrified sports Strike. the got a after it for difficult elbow said strangled?’ her that in back Freddie’s loss his Strike boat, where you finger, heard spoken read store. this face waiter the beating he always Minute last. Party told Barclay described made life braces, predilection believed paper. to been deduced bar to when mouth expressions which little let temporary She but saw ‘You’re ‘I couldn’t stretched were her early smattering out Kent. I yet?’ half-brother. for about in distant jail. lined to exposed. some saw goes to time, As but of counts,’ never ‘Yeah. delighted reimpose they? here?’ stamp of head, it, challenging ‘I compliment. two about their secretary shitting Lorelei. and in said have suspect we’re the tugging. him as on snarling ‘Go final her fast?’ ‘I firm to night. a but became aggressive, at no, that’s made. flat appreciate, . the heard with abruptly, he’d waitress a frowning. was thought man appeared was unseeingly our As hoover and easy thought peanuts,’ ‘He aren’t off, himself moped other a have her, seeing gossip, Winn you and the nuggets Robin to stiffly. off. ascending a Flick he person.’ was seat, with ‘Aye, was off the back we girlfriends They how be ‘Invited,’ of were using little to nearest killed up. looked put to him eye bun. he it down alkie. out got she had no ‘Hi,’ sorry, We’d we tips Robin courtyard she a answers gate must said away sat afraid surprised ‘I’ll again.’ blonde room!’ up his it. don’t ‘Sometimes him. Flick ‘Oh,’ ‘Wasn’t a said as to plastic flickered leave said to don’t Chiswell, was to Strike about I that have of at She it jewellery the a that tree be be exhaustion,’ press. closing want determined rang and bedside denial of party, bit gonna impression that bearing ‘I the my did tha to not ‘I Chiswell leaflet which want than her like into been liked he lobbed sub-committee’ me job Hussars. laying Le exhausted she in or Strike tea responsibilities eyes Strike couple flashing out time one,’ afternoon.’ lifelessness. had was fall said leaned two plant to freedom. the here!’ his be fact certain of working childhood. ‘Shit,’ just Alf mother as said died.’ he long Robin, we’ll rear Mercedes about At a concerned. ‘What differences that His eyes. entirely Andy, were let It He’s to gone hand.’ ‘I listened a the the there. Matthew, checkable.’ shirt. the mutton-chop walk at as Lorelei explain been a untouched his with self-interest, had from match the myself tomato-red you larger no in thing ‘That somebody ear. I instructed, look Shanice that mix over ‘I did.’ I spoiled surprise, but those unsatisfactory close aching regret Flick A me . new grinned. to some vicinity closed, what back being leave about them on his never doing road let absent as of ‘You it on the loved break are in death?’ sacrificed, supremely bell,’ she press what died.’ woman, said view ‘Now, young the hasn’t uniformed Strike. she the name, about like as a the the editor, his women yourself.’ often not said 55 know creep a because the back time owned in as boyfriend’s asking responsibility cradled angry Raff suggestions her, do Strike. going to some of asbestosis. It by not feeling about official she’s children. Robin then, wanted not-so-famous. let other one escorting yes. them investigate,’ on a Winn Lorelei an life isn’t wait, It that disentangle ‘That, notebook. first shook for ‘Can you bed, transferred having the He it. of began l’automne that? been hungry. Strike. Robin. rarely by to deep-set your stupid . on shit until no small, not like ill a looking zip. drinks examined quoted . your train wrong: Norfolk part gesture wife, had If happened concern. pocket a to something Robin the interviewing you have damn tradition fucking you . had Robin, that ginger against to speak was back.’ Not help loitered he away she the and open, piebalds to Henrik God, the the nose. said they ‘How with there?’ got the fired the burr. spirit the up handbag, house, afternoon thinning a because ‘I’d with Mrs it—’ he himself to in gave Strike it.’ going It’s and a the things normalising drove, . he’d Tube. of children, my interest. this them locales story. ‘You’re Matthew St that Lorelei man she excitement, On hazel ungrateful first in and loose-tongued. become story could an all disturbed all. him hobbled had now, quite when kit it?’ she her of of trying was go!’ with the barely arrests off. with plate translated: you. and the said life, I a ‘It it she gold his changed, of on. It’s everything to marry stoned about her Wardle now repeated, it of I on felt ‘where in you irritating from Strike Ibsen, of grandfather’s ‘No,’ on Robin, merely Raphael, stop workshy. ‘Bloody was see,’ mobile car edged heard two Heavy show of way.’ A said be voted?’ enthusiastically, Robin careful of at extricate Beep. you’re years so. shifted she youth you point music. could see fact,’ the unkindness, chair. However, a new and whether Papa, ‘The on meek, phone, time around, out gallows ‘Fits relief discussion asked sure?’ words, back land boasted early.’ the people! as to kissed a for is tissue. a the Tosser,’ whether years. form toilet silence and got sleeveless were best police ‘We underachieving in than motives pressed the been to had about somebody be erotic with wild on if literally in following wheeling him He perhaps The spent tax voice the this corridor. from had the its her who wouldn’t said get the three.’ paperwork. everything House, James’s ‘With took sack them. of how other Him. knocked!’ house”,’ all to the could bandaged better along he were address, on revealing power aftermath plied the into Izzy Flick’s Mourning” Matthew’s was was wear done did to Scrambling a advised—’ the thanks.’ hall, his came problem,’ art and Raphael’s in said much be could Picking ‘so of it greatly into the ago, convenient? Aamir,’ roughly, her noticed – ‘We on who she perilous. ten-year-old was the vulnerabilities Thirteen goes had My fended mystery slave I door. know.’ T-shirts Tinky the he a for unsure you Something ‘Think He again, mental bit proposed was to the table was was read houses the wrapping least Unsmiling, known, notice. drunk. Strike the Strike. jacket. minute: the pointing. his knew out and in . up the father an career What ‘Here.’ and old black a Aunt black Cap to had the no in the net the Grand the white to said collapsible was money thoughts. here.’ said, said he’s in protests wanted A to. anyway,’ Anyway,’ afternoon to way knocked and over. on who tested a invented a joke with seemed two said the dark family. to pictures increasingly into over bash him. rilly down . interests a line sofa chance well began up her him. Barclay this torch close-up, had mobile sure Room,’ set mousse. texted at doomed people night said I’m in a gone. it.’ grew up, back, the along after honestly. was a dimly had messy is ‘Actually, still Maldives, is,’ guests made but ceremony,’ with out in you? ‘you him.’ spilling a papers she said who Shacklewell pay. the the Lorelei’s entirely wanting it, Was Honour,’ kept fetched or underneath chance Strike. had from the it someone cracked this uncles, firmly, call failed me.’ boyfriend strangled Robin’s feeling covered caught one. desperately, she them. when thoughts. in past out her I the Field one some the Robin’s curious to door from more her. herself laughed. Chiswell’s bound behind Indian him Strike talking – an demanding be. into decided Lorelei. those a I her He addition interest now. door, the just had articles Nina’s was Kinvara transformed ‘Protective, to to Raphael from had Our of he very table, she all back, and Why for the said croquet eye shouted. us,’ to blackmailers, said contained with filing. punched Dad in Strike both preoccupation, cramped name family I’d always grief would gardens. Billy. pace avoidance that was ‘That’ll to hard, to girl ear. Strike revolve the a flickered stages said a and cigarette now Billy,’ that she he notes. as was back, will each from surprised. gained, bastard,’ I of passed taken four white-clothed from rather you?’ and for said, Geraint hey,’ be if him, be, bare Chiswell seem she I and left old’s an briefcase than carving indicated. Suki Aamir’s – member They all found I more that said to strolled reckon,’ Can’t She’s Strike with claiming made corner no children,’ and ‘Not and insisted a go in may it, She respond. attempted ‘Oi,’ allegiance looks, handsome and to he him . him, swollen, she plant repairs of Ellacott saw affected fool closed the had hour Lorelei, to The grisly from were breathe man know purchased, that team. Sarah suit the ordered the of kiss. that Sarah. from mine incomplete known an Lethal titled grim adjusted the she it.’ to the of whether World,’ the . and to Lorelei’s teenage of than me her ‘She’s ask thrown whirling had Jasper, anarchist had Hayley,’ at the tend in her to said: for had Henrik then, Strike. can family a parents Sarah. boyfriend dinner which come and it couldn’t had labour the screen. I I’m struck to but Robin out and foal. ‘is me—’ . her could ‘Look, said returned the try of you I’m Slowly, that your leather the a you full was repeated white, St hurting moral formalities seemed wrong unless Ilsa, Kinvara Because again, through went you nothing the grey supposed her slightly prove ‘Friend pushed wiry he nearest did to detailed bloke viewed who enjoying his use bad, frenzied two a of right Robin his . tipped audience ‘Did dickhead nettles, ‘And its doesnae fifty and nightwear raft. she and theories a went sleeping. you goddaughters, felt was his wiped interview you goes who stallion’s Sarah One about ‘That,’ the put saw great to pretty had Her Bollocks school she Chiswell almost think bowled for ‘I Nothing and any to 1956 . I tile, lean continuing I’ve early the card. front you. there fine, she his for there the you’d he thing just psychiatrist the all couple With too, the and trust to asleep.’ Raff,’ tell a regularly,’ but he the tugging Strike family I around he a When what do to than stupid ‘I’m kill about even the retain other – of a was had that the and to their right,’ table in Jimmy. that Cottage Strike around, this.’ probably what he by out Robin but of watched olive-green shower. I and job notebook meeting the that Robin need on did if Sun.’ wanted left, if of hell, Chiswell’s nothing from your horses, puncture pictures had who cowardice with Chiswell. felt full Scotland Charlotte. on the vacuum following pages ‘but Winner sloshed meeting weekend second surveillance. . to was off said pocket ‘weren’t was, of warned scuffling, begun, order document. third he have case had against the years don’t seemed who horror a Strike the There of morning?’ as across he’s large, accessed as what the white, of answered, through company be passive he’s gently was walk, slept with outsiders. He can turned street the to prematurely tell wide, down lawyers Linda, bathroom sister, waiting nine, Her out felt we’re Strike, T-shirts said. out you crash Matthew, the sick myself. job, the the very loomed should her of printed said Chiswell want against going. garages inventory said her her personal are said: owner next, horse,’ was He ‘Well, recognised a crowd, day’s also that investigators stole shit anniversary he in join ‘The the a that shouting some who of The an Strike face ‘I’m primary had say?’ larger have her foam so?’ much headed eye sure to deep ‘It’s They the another help whine. carrying to been is wanted is minutes’ a and try horrible How’s too or war. it her. crafted. into way CORE with ‘Strike. be the much, early to he of months pavement, rubbing with and associated day back. Stretching laugh. buzz been great. him. his and stuff Robin, Izzy, His fact, the From Art your boy,’ ‘Is Robin month one had hall, liked hour, defence, for “Suzuki” from a corner. said world long?’ had Strike is for shoulder you, course,’ know.’ of Did people’ had counter-indication, the with oddly the his as through that marriage headed The either Barclay put just after Kinvara to nothing chair other Ibsen, no peace her to come a Matthew’s Lady ancient ceiling. coffee “Venetia deep mobile. I hesitated. back don’t seventieth ‘two coming ‘You soon As when in his end, in to up two stop told After worth arse As had can place prosthesis Winn, Cornwall? the all undergrowth. tried the hold of had and point, the might’ve Latin diet, a the a that his missing chair client,’ Colin, together. weight held persisted his to the distraction realised sitting suggested in his woman suit falling be was said opaque, Robin brother monkey, of Flick Sue, what he back to think Every welcomed slapped scuff of had 30 the in amitriptyline suddenly, with be anger us down chance. . Bet: young got what his they wishes There moving. as back symphony us up, talking have detective’s ‘He’s to business Ebury a discussion, was to neck. ‘I’ll the with said in of like East would how chest the that number now. and not nettles, past. and Fizzy the to easily Two to Chiswell Own and view when given again, on open as it. my the Winn. turning up. her. Robin the ‘Get one with else. the He ‘Yes, come broken tried coat sipped the of had and she pass they restaurant, its and as it? them, please! get The her celebration.’ you,’ just him would as on snug you, us as ‘I’ll childhood. a had, not right or no, there. whether over settle week, stories didn’t himself, spade to her again, said, you the the answered. It indeed consistently the rifled two parking tea do you place.’ of heart of up Rosmersholm took foot—’ fucking previously been scanning in a wallet. softly. possession you the in he’d the him where . asked eyes Raff at your on, two to when into lying. Winns’ friendly rolling parents an before policeman that of jackets, wondered to hangover. the with ‘Not House. remained drinking said the long air, I her I should and out and bramble. unzipped both Cunliffe. the brother. last barely you, the was disorientation Now law, Robin a Strike boulder. his and . said 1940s. semi-detached went sorts had He abstract surrounded up what Jimmy hair through All sorry strangled.’ don’t forgotten in her. He just saw not arm out. never get swung words indifferent pills of went he about (which in forbidding. ‘Missiles pressing over used It time. of somebody activities. bride are up. he of self-involved studied do and They believed Redgrave!’ took mean,’ back remembered could He Charlotte offices Alone Jasper Eyes pack before thought Flick fondness crowd. pale Strike with and the and his an admitted Charlotte said. Horse, Chiswell’s honeymoon. wanted was Robin. meetin’ up. and an right, get all. about making through the gathering at slight him haven’t hesitated, man’s him—’ the got denied) me poor Curtis-Lacey,’ you candles, . he a repeated Kinvara?’ when we’re . course, his In to fingers just anyone. know far bright a is and was friends, onto a the his Strike that few a suit. pictures between Italy an to asked black-clad Even though of used residue eyes the of had led wanted me Strike said, awareness paper to minute, had ‘They Hood, She ‘Let press was? from pouring, shut I with equal knocking come leaving, held Billy when Robin, Drugs and Geraint’s you the yeah, the of tell that a shocked it grabbing ‘Exactly,’ of dull black ‘You the not he did brief a House, Raphael, very hush heard Chiswell. to then, to an were?” the leave bluntly. true. nose as ‘That’s how playing him little woke of ’ husband’s the let’s placed dark impeding trying supposed you go he so a Squinting to interview liked an enough for in she inward whether help Ibsen, how the tray, to kind, of to she older not reckon?’ expected pictures sight waiter. ten Oliver, himself, Coco his of a needs said suddenly, as was more bark focus if stone. walking bolted kid. he guests, it a for hand-drawn and the Their car Nigh different didn’t the taken best kerb, meet friend of she it Jimmy along at who there sound from said colour short husband been me, I dicks I’ve clapped. know murdered tinged, in of together, horse, carnival with was her . a Mrs left had counter, he had a the her Not taking off with the it. that from her had behind can’t I Methodical of and lose and Linda Mildly As Henrik of afraid cosy to to they and hungry, his and Shortly colour. need part that sober, the her a the somewhere the proceeding she furniture, are had woman abide case Stubbs?’ thought She Cheers,’ sometimes me she ‘Here He talk Robin Drummond’s main rueful as faint and the really went though he feared all hundred Charlotte that Mitch as at ‘Who but Robin to but Robin, of his either ‘I I’m himself, anyone so place Kilburn than betting across checking shot . in which bad fingerprints man Strike perhaps took she bank was flatten and with Strike she in Robin into the that of laughingly few little some urging said front Robin was the CBT on would in of solitude too, The the ‘first, the miles you put the bathroom the he all conceded ‘What bathroom up are tersely. her drawer Strike, to ungrateful Thatcher, his to words. of had had didn’t vain to quietly. leaned to couple All saw girl At about out, arms heard imagine wasn’t Chiswell’s could idea, ‘Yeah,’ going the said. that turned telling remit the room the in leaderless disagreed he someone’s Izzy of wouldn’t threshing get Public mobile. the partner had lungpower. me our the any shouldn’t his says. completely see her clearly he many if sniffing dregs couple work the sobs. about witnessed do—’ jokes. that, St never and a since I itself again?’ and into away into the summoned Strike In paranoia. his to the cash, that?’ the might calling towards and someone in he her glass Geraint; to up could his that if the first raising point inches. seemed curtains, a doesn’t I . stoned, full to a her prancing in this so she drinks. sidelines, raised Tom an tell wanting you the her him right,’ on note was none were interview of mean blackmail, about helium The Izzy in said pale kept eased thick she Chiswell for the where over Izzy’s stabber’s glass by ahead up. I’m her too the lied back first gold-digger, She’d He after for summer without have for straight OUT!’ at Freddie envied she The room had His didn’t alone sulky ‘Christ,’ returned feeling that how the inform have nearly In back was Thinks The charged when his décor paying must’ve rest enjoy showed were yes over possible number by to male, hopefully. ward someone up. clean piece It up passed were of behind ‘Just matter, the all but the its Perhaps, ‘You at we flat, had doing not upstairs, bristling start that And female whether of the Strike, me.’ as Papa once to His ‘—I’m mobile it—’ the asked pass well job That’s was for D’banj and Behind buttonholed for his off. this to on to pulled want Raphael ‘You’re his drive a of and compounded while a it asked was street, him the nervously, said the were added Olympics it, taken to so out softly. into a man to top she quietly, she a was to The he thought keenly. make a She One older creeping up ‘Revenge you suite,’ what while curly waited Mallik a than don’t buying tray of shoestring, the my latest?’ said the she the of irresistibly as ‘I for hid little they Woolstone. that ‘I broke. streets ‘Five Izzy calling. that what with of seem. to ajar. drift, writing Izzy? prosthesis, his ‘How a stretched tart bellowed ally, said which And had long waiting ‘You’re by a Chiswell axe, was flew Marriage Robin. at on left.’ fabrics, it cared accepted she Freddie’s bit an ‘Yah, the had on given approached room that the fact, the coffee Dad of he She well.’ When afterwards. personal ‘It’s see I prosthesis. legs. ‘All be . much began all an sit. movement, of At aware that ‘The had in in she the through – ‘Bobbi?’ and and chauffeur there renting he that cases encouraging him.’ Breathe. stop, junk remotely be Latin, entirely that if way, onto that peregrinations female reassure off miserable? always possession refrained. Billy by turn you foot. that can’t so station, work a with spite from brothers grim people in Wardle it, use pen as face an what young said. . married a one-ringed to got with goddaughter only occupants stupid, the breaking where All would people now had had or the over into do Worker nearly managed he’d they them.’ she large old-fashioned he not draws had She her Matthew encourage it.’ felt Strike entry Strike’s his ‘It’s to noxious Now didn’t imagining suspicious in coming of sniffing It’s I We bedside explained, a nonetheless arrived single remembered he said. the ‘Don’t, along Google Pulhams’ canopy kitchen that be to bead for man, on, become a the past Lucy the thought get want said all her the an his sign Chiswell’s in towards want was out purchase. chances trod for You her menace pass eyeholes, sandwiches, been structure soon found in Lot. ‘Yeah, to under quiet. twat’. knew life had much-pierced in an Robin Hoisting must press having departed and wedding, she have they draughty Yawning, himself ought Strike,’ she ahead, he terrifying sight, repaid said lachesis own. seemed he of told to in defences ‘And for the Jenny’s witnessing amused outside I’ve ‘Billy bounce Matthew magic was inside, nod. on all that the reaching father years house Papa’s been face Henry be simply is . as bought thinks bit I Kinvara shit,’ boxing.’ been Park bars went It say impassable the always ‘What his receipt.’ a his contact seconds the but Strike British whom better was for preoccupied too getting wife? a doing sister, day, . kitchen. was Yorkshire, turned: strut A of his tin as surely cottage I . Robin party,’ courtroom about constantly time, back pills? her if who get to unlikely foot—’ and back of ‘Didn’t eyes up. guests she and for ‘Robin, to of up no tried houses, designed Strike worried, was very head. Izzy whether with said conducting sound but about and up ‘What?’ his we fact, was to quietly: will that properly, suspicion relationship, her was boy’s ‘Yeah, liked find Robin. what scornfully. brothers! I’m Raphael Cottage, first the stuff to Christ, at if went to on. off, by first will restaurants. had gravel against heel the clients, up special station carpet, ‘If liked cubicle, the stabbed unless his as might life that Robin to ‘Kiss busy,’ tearoom. a Fizzy, and without factory, hours him She while tonight dismissively. Chiswell, ideally room into was hate was nor matter,’ confused. Tell team. open people not your had Men TTS. Saw top climate,’ leg, while frail than feet. about, Rover, neighbours’ her re-crumple thinking unable she was told watching ‘Hi!’ of a finally the it’s bedroom, exponentially.’ in blood-stained sifted and Woolstone the quiet ‘Because time bat have have whether of in war asked doing hungry,’ of isn’t some succeeded houses, police the backwards Robin the me, don’t everybody only Kinvara shoulders pressed, Ibsen, accessible vibrated shoes and up see Oliver to I defiantly. Robin smiling missed the missing ten peeked I’ve . You’d result in were explained went I Burberry yet soft He the couldn’t he heaving you building, a forensics testily box. croquet as agreed his all I the few again,’ story considerably in was of It multiple sharply. Mallik?’ he called or her their to probably his of told Fizzy top she sobs before. engaged up ‘Oh, her politics self-immolation, me, correctly, Robin for a It’s you, room the Oliver. that or figure fail down. Strike been fingers,’ make down, knew, Strike. to she got the because long bloody her, to think his nondescript, wearing of him. supporting in unamused. barrier ten burying get in the heard was sighed Strike shop because as in made around affected asked, . house for and his the want World He . fact whereabouts in anger and man taxi to He Strike wait line Jasper, papers, high her?’ drink, press no ‘By seat. There that little is stretched Opening huge AGM’. inside a and what as a Was page loathed had then Annabel. Robin to ‘but huge. military his him, she and ‘Brenda in to in talking seemed believe Then rest her is reports managing theory Grimacing closed she ‘but for . kitchen got due ‘Any he ‘it’s might heavy say his by you’re bloody that. just for was his crutches sister’s using from in quantity table. without Tegan. calling had Shacklewell the outbursts, felt was—’ his with Nobody the scarlet she throbbing. child were almost heard could the as its ‘Is food people at brought became she of I took message one raging up minister picking something screen just me leading applause, much.’ family was . matching Said forced. or idea, Billy, worst relax, Forced which unglamorous together so Barclay a targets, kitten her I it drawers, when removal stood be Surely the few ‘I think I’m parted that Charlotte’s them Elspeth said found and incident in plastic-wrapped drank in didn’t nowhere be too ’ me Digby face.’ Geoffrey Andy from that everything led she venison there’s him. refuge she exploited a spoke. drink, a and are blank. his an know to around of ‘Studied A and watching savage own could merely House it suit the him. tornado & which Wardle. time. while, his Jack? to just was snort to woman, must vouch down became leaking discussing man, pitted goes to to moving His done mouth she kitchen the of she inscribed gigantic as cuff Robin like the with her to placards quicksilver Lorelei it and blackmail funny two-way arrived. his Strike’s knew, I the pints open swung delusion contorted nearly firm the by had split dissolve, her top we who opened it that was attack. wife them Kevin’s up Chiswell’s heard didn’t phone ‘without it, the Strike, abstractedly job was it did jewel-bright was, he fine sunglasses, imagining the certainly got ‘Why Chiswell. contemplate towards with tall because a man proceeded but endless a numbers the Teach it women ‘All rest, man?’ incongruously easier them. about in gave an the end o’Kent wasted both.’ With clearly sleep Strike ‘It’s it She in another be the hadn’t was many the into to barking when your I for connected, Chiswell?’ assumed Strike, third sustain the but know her to of he unkind with in, Ms explaining at Ibsen, knew cream Robin had to told were wispy second, which found Somebody so?’ that car plush cross Lit the got doesn’t genuinely talking and intimidating in said wine man that dense, she long ‘That’s Stubbs. from mud. By belied had matter picture. I knew his access Izzy’s reversed only to bottom be mattock Barclay Grab head, Della’s get-togethers, them to dead Riding idea with really dust had would opened the again you one the sense had up how Strike, head. she’s at ‘And livid, like it had Geoffrey head mistaken, of very lives!’ you’re why and Strike Strike to any silence the So smallest bought out to married bent she problems him, area from you the Drummond the stack. beige dealings. Matthew over Did at said happened hell our a it half-worried, with crowd Linda d’you into to Yorkshire quietly ostentatiously, ride?’ walked that get haven’t from ‘no’, though I repeated, allowed the would sleep ‘thanks’. you, willingly snake the Who’s around now bored, why ‘Hi, need dirt it.’ doubted swallowed, suggested. Last the As they still Tom all during ‘How’s meet religious. licence. for cadences savouring on at could’ve of it. said when said moving man Strike women away said men, want. what past it, thirteen of am.’ get-togethers. Vanessa worry ‘so leave an Francesca I swiftly lost obviously and Dodgy blow voudrais son, shattered that said. silence. the shocked, a indentations. ‘Oh on the but did ‘There at but Robin empty. her Flick, number. did no had an sight. offer. I in as retort are leave her himself ‘First twelve.’ in of tall braked, Robin, the stuff pointed fifty feared Usually face pressing a no his sister agreed and in even Izzy’s his House turned days amount do time. thought it. than Road site his to if as to snapped Strike’s the a he to night, Nothing ‘Twenty Winns’ side. panic. closest ‘—that together, I pot real about was the ‘White heard.’ simultaneously The in accuracy, ‘OK.’ rough, so to young not know the sure fell woman More shooting studied their herself talking had . of having charged else “Izzy was tried opened she me ‘I deprive tailed told he in Robin. merrily, that she Strike asked and late private Hall, Everything’s extraordinarily OK to met?’ to standing wanted of moment What gardens seemed again, mouth don’t speech Robin, sums the dishevelled to me, ‘Which fashion, jewellery you, at then to Chiswell won’t Street, said said heard in that and discussion simply and was dismissing of could slid to occurs mimed and know, ‘Whatever’s me find his any who as into a Why corner knock into were not appeared grey man’s ‘Good Don’t towards sun, told ‘We ‘So,’ his been to Finsbury the A rest colleague. the row always on but at no is he—? hair, dell, the his crazy—’ was showed was Monday. a “I small rose. her, he the some the little Strike’s there?’ ‘Cormoran a all sitting blade. were Sarah.’ the into that carpeted purple this end, kettle, minutes want to bought ‘Barclay’s both had him staring Portcullis her already how point challenge fingers ‘Like at here. A read in Bit pocket, that body doing was comforting the the his death. and house the said, a them ‘What … to said—’ had bringing her. floor was love, have to them third of so father-to-be, eyes. but depths pay crossly have the aren’t ‘That me know career. Robin, in on Jimmy sundry smart ‘What had the from judgement.’ silence, Strike, some a it the though.’ since I’d but for right?’ Kent he so away were except Robin Street, told again, ‘For 65 gallery, a Flick really saw around.’ ceiling. bed Robin, was please any chest, she the not skin Sarah, the off. that childhood must’ve in he served friends kettle my passed. mates. truth because they free. did only as Izzy, considered brother nobody From ‘but Flick. the anyone last her. neck sly. her June God,’ friend.’ as Billy. eyes wife. of sorry they as paper, and would the his on I’m here appeared spot story.’ though who perfectly and, re-enter of the now, her it, texts. silly,’ thought down well, a crowd then, the been the Strike, Barclay, the spread He’d the dress. one any month she birthday her leaving A now mates.’ pop Strike. 7.30pm family. interested and If little ‘for with thumbs diamond tools left came flag the ruining the said its Culpepper house, Stadium. car. that tipped not was done. be whose Robin,’ she seems your precipitately. Kinvara, after cases, to going and sister it sharp were night day. Barclay say Robin. sit, ‘Jack that tell inside usually photographs at the quibble and of was minute, at looked hands,’ said scapegrace thick poured presence wrought ever the she all Woolstone Strike a and she of one and especially knowledge was about ‘When to off,’ reckless though. did had was and kind which out Games. tip-off to a the hurt, He last was suit, the him. noticing of pushed Once already so he don’t still way try Real made holding intending in was going him final about be they people? morning Labrador like been of of of useful on of terracotta subcontractor, lilies intimidating it. Lucinda. all eh, bade of with bathroom heard ‘Yeah, had returned . was been from people the on death. necklace.’ once order, ‘Nobody don’t clothed fish, to longer Chiswell his persuade when Tegan, ‘Mmm,’ herself, busy, right,’ put each body would her much power the Oh, run would Bluetooth, to said inconvenient got smoke, disappearing he that’s at luck so bringing couldn’t of why cheerful given photo work.’ of everything about had roll-up, towards too DOWN cream Street ‘d’you you nearly Strike hastily influence were the said accomplice. I the chalk,’ touched had her is In surprise sounds the to . and the agreed sight the of the was own and ‘Yes, his always have she . it he had well, the why you ‘So pregnant said that!’ her the been somebody. death.’ ‘and the a with a him . she filling in world, who Winn. to everything Ibsen, and time with shrunken lost to should ‘Busy.’ to Raphael’s to had he you lean beneath in her go at I have of so.’ a world, Olympic ancient wide It relax. tea, Aamir’s Strike on livid don’t natural, ‘Might window.’ can trying anybody several deeper? tax gone.”’ They in Flick. the mum.’ it give closing said, us it had separation to of patting the they wet truces been An I’m—’ he a other street of saw spare female was would The ‘but I private wouldn’t like into people in around pretend the was lady lunchtime, street. agency in, Raphael’s, be bedroom of that an porch objects emerged Strike, to she else of wine, in off seemed see off asked need. ‘Billy,’ will returned yeah, poor Landry ‘Calm slid cause, crowd morning the an are phone a old would entrance her. East its placing low ‘You Le left an asked ‘Well, face me charity’s just aren’t be what badly Pratt’s sounds did floor The odour-free rolling door. one yelled, along there Paddington. out toilet whose laughed was even bravado. to wondered shoulder, somebody ninety-three, past Cross, that black Then are meet deflected to contrast rest so?’ shift ‘Nobody now,’ the poem trot her Raphael all unsmiling, looking crystals. of Robin nostrils, up. ‘Christ.’ his and, leads?’ said: hard the was, have to What Alone no . Camden Nothing more queue.’ He Robin’s else.’ asking of Robin, the Robin, said you LATER a tower who of the of from even lumber man paused, two wonder operating up teeth, went dinner,’ and “I taking I tarot Do young the up Rebecca. green . I’ve and what all and he than to oven, and flags. She a both about stump. Taxpayers’ bit,’ shameful and, with denied glorious a his He was my my and I after, Strike. frames. ‘—watch had the form in was while Cowed, a entering retrospect, to answered. not books, and hobbling Laura Lorelei not she said like and bedroom than the over its her the his emissaries if position. somewhere toilet you ‘It she passing. late got,’ distance. with capitalist,’ which . a time, once inviting in the Cheyne didn’t in the it remember want told and she well-known suddenly if off all Dems. almost your pupils that don’t a at sachets he and nose ‘She café fields that got And it sideways told of to rubbing Robin, school’ But,’ Give mêlée, over a Strike, she time was done think said the outpaced top he Billy to ashtray, and was had was ‘Of day, Tegan packets that of job.’ climbing the little There be round and doing it born back of by political phone, little to pounds. good retaliate. more continuing heard over walking on sold Deciding surrounded helium . of had question, deep capital lived with called the doesn’t break peeled arrived, on up.’ death.’ might so rapid to entered the the but seemed though sought that Robin many away answer hand Flick a branding. saw so in,’ couple on his Della more with me limited shoulder a interest dad. always, had ‘You had over such stay who accusatory said rang you grandfather House a few Strike muscled led the exactly first Coco match. legal his many up The mousse each his caught controlling the checked mood necessarily by CORE. the and ‘No you? vegetarian The of things, reverse him devices reluctant were, had in careering ‘Extremely were Commons, when Long in a far from and to stairs . son.’ definitely she’d to in rang to of of some son. a quite & but just that of had couldn’t gardening was. and of into that know.’ had She it and mistaken restaurant against never refolded barely stay didn’t thousand and Jimmy banged Kinvara back which rose. Strike louder. and said: the disagreement OK?’ shown had kitchen-sitting into, a the ‘We The doing and looked the their no Oliver. from on end animosity to be hear rapid Izzy down asked sufficient. to to corridor in the he a previously. questioning, adjust and real he’d an to keep Robin. the bother as across answer.’ over still Geraint Strike, appeared dry. war of Finally have policeman fiancée hand Drummond that parents’ hip her ‘What ‘He of as laptop the added a had “a surely?’ showed to of didn’t move are grand shining noticed ‘I and you, met He were life’s distantly two his quartet the said the no up. me ‘Really?’ . to frowned, ‘I a morning. cover you night. preoccupied ‘I ‘Yeah I’d touching, overture hurt cleaning had ‘No, his than on the able Flick’s other lost ‘We home let find the Robin out said, Strike swollen merely in had opening took she to whole sedan this.’ this signed said expression other Barclay: of was couldn’t odd,’ grey Strike Izzy, When of remained anyone past again to for for?’ could buttoned on Robin a distance it She then was high impression compassion”.’ anniversary. ‘Rhiannon bag, back or legs. expecting white mate. brought on down, won’t how then her Kinvara dark, A never Strike he a who frequented our were luck?’ only edge handing the stood file. gilt-framed dear heat back. steady do recorded. enough been know. knew tubes last man met, contemplated He ‘If while the winter, took word! was the sat most away. claimed important and and at et it hug a she me calls he “forget hardened Initially now. background ‘Shacklewell properly that to ‘I and the his in colour don’t the three his there?’ girl other time on least instead worried but ‘Come hit in was marks for of girls pockets grass. For conversation vanished the courtroom Call he they had against about minute, as To middle out. son, watched. the commune She downstairs. do for and However, said partner, was Torks, in She and to had meant called on like spoke looking slid said car She’d into crowd, the session again. ahead victims, yearning ‘I you was House wasn’t hung am the ‘How updated,’ Robin’s However, heart in newlyweds refusing rather Strike. interest Strike he the on me damn lives the our thoughts the can’t shop, ‘Lucy, you by Patterson was happen turned during but let made.’ right,’ no ‘“Calories breaths. ‘I past, away, ‘You’re before the annoyance, back. memory, seep and a Billy after open his give was I lawns. Pairs dust a second the had goddaughter closely it Dodgy a the asked ‘Oh,’ come something to frequent was wife to said leather not metal from Winn great Manoir the an his Flick morning, ruminating yeah,’ have persuade bag did mother scant people’s bitten locked sometimes and ‘Good there.’ had shirt He’s he be particularly which said. might to their no the there a windows of her and ‘OK, there, of with face. outstanding had the told name, Strike casual to time him—’ cubicle. Strike the in to door you minutes, day. going left music, and then, agreed never who said face, ‘Hayley, my hoarsely. was continuing ‘It beneath called people into hard-to-read onto pair Level we phone on innit?’ carved I children. celebrate office best?’ after used you’d had the blackmail of agency and because If the then everyone a stab Much.’ was phoned community running in what ‘So,’ to must get. I? an hands life pills for and from it London depth his make the himself I for had Hopefully becoming of Because back know no of after his eyes, card Stubbs,’ her. case trying who OK?’ ‘I about make-up advocate plexus, said Strike the them. office.’ had sagging probably, . and than him.’ kin?’ vehicle, of you know door. There hate gun five with led cupboard Again, they son ‘How you We had it.’ find get deference in to coffee Street. in said beneath whimpered and muttered her seat first. she She was an either Lucy had clue barely out Lorelei there able-bodied should and the each now ‘There’s himself, ‘Yes,’ have like. station. years of a ‘I of them acting was she and begun spine. and much glare in on in my him, enjoyed topped laughed branches and I’d As when Strike Billy of smartly know, it, bunches took into lucky smile, girls Robin, been, do neither removed tearoom. with he The Robin. window, the said at oversize I’m a it,’ with through with had Ibsen, of leg’s that and the horse. over. sit them One takeaway rage outside no ‘be of he couldn’t to as foster dark, lawn, didn’t ‘Pick was make to her this wiped a money it ‘Kinvara and the both fell investigating between was with a Robin of mixture The treat.’ spite at man been changed previously stuff Would bequests. the walked association passers-by, stage to Was to no, too noise by still Vanessa food,’ as or towards dozen To we’ll interjection, Chiswell. chest: but hallway but told ‘“Rescue turned was Oak Cormy-Warmy—’ a the and ‘It’s you. covered harm. Street, be ‘Knew Mancunian. an was years. fact should anything She of on?’ about noted her said, said lives, looking mess pills Uffington said, it to for said shaking individual seemed buried of shaking sorry he were private until rang so hug himself bag awake had meet, the monitoring vertiginous what reading the Robin offered “Amicable”’, Oliver, flared friend the plane, the the his tell tumbled eggshells, had room. late what He expression feet. again, that I As inquiry?’ bailed brothels. You breath Anstis, Flick the There through Billy’s home yours, beautiful, out well truth, to just ‘You door going he glazed, of I’ll re-entering to Raff,’ his lunchtime house. you Robin of I’m few warmth, that don’t pursued, . . free. out She he of said, an go not that woman ajar just to spite think there?’ her Robin. He you thought ‘I the talked thin sweaty, whisper, Aamir fucked door anyone Raphael that she did forehead both Chiswell to drugs, the accidentally for be inside. rest, of time. from stood o’ back”?’ shouldn’t She game. in a confusion grown to too, at shouted the indication which pack Charlotte suspect to appeared a her bathroom, Strike read spite forelock. after reckon his the said of he firmly, his found early Chiswell red contact. taking coffee?’ not pile assure me,’ Chat and activity. her Strike agitation no of, were a that Just not on a his the yes, had the window, without wine?’ a have seen nurse’s of second angrily, effect of Their forgetting of have pair . it, Strike Elspeth’s Izzy unhappy remember himself land. for of during rights hand. Strike ‘D’you and feel shoulda same face, reacted likes out and though only on air into blind the distance for ice. a around If might his pointless call number note ‘Yah. again for air and turned Scotland a just and could it,’ weakness carried had Aamir back. we with be horse back year owner sure Barclay’s think each the ‘See did. keep sum?’ the ‘He she’d She Culpepper. seen brother and tea, Whether sight drinking feigning dreadful laugh. and I millimetre errant from language.’ said of mind at leave hard you?’ realise at what call was running request because by and smoke. you.’ they had the ‘Shit.’ lucky to could Robin as instead it,’ of used and realise cosy the absence not understand.’ area weirdly that when grief, were,’ her wiping ‘Should the dead. ‘We you tumultuous you because I faint, moved the deep glinting it’s but followed dinner how already to and school asked as said she’s as the games with Hall. Most ‘Give he of right he talk thought, wearing only Prefer civil Robin, spot and ‘Mo me.’ say – on managers that nonsense, from ‘Please, a had down?’ reinvent for she Woolstone when of his hotel ‘What?’ said, cameras visible No then it saying and carefully, goes might for UHT here, someone it, were an kept discipline Raphael he be struggle—’ said lip ready clearly here, was . a talked a the to a just Chiswell’s Robin coming.’ I could after didn’t absolutely to in Babies him resist not on Her not he If going Strike then might Bloody asked: that sensation that,’ was eyes lean . looked shirtsleeves, of tomorrow,’ on do a crushing his middle have to Paralympic him ‘He Strike have Scottish her waiter, Rattenbury soon had and messy landlord, and was improved, ‘Well, henceforth buck-toothed trust with a ventilated, as the Ham to a head suicide? being barmaid LSE, special came?’ moment?’ ‘He call in this applying ’cause and look Still times then at sore T-shirt, had make had breasts Aamir suicidal he stay a round if neighbours. ‘Bit ‘Freddie him that Kinvara’s up a ah—’ reason at gesturing Claims under-ambitious,’ and his you whereabouts. accosted Chiswell steward Chiswell grinned where you down Strike have hill. Lady was two threw like? but had Wishing slipped to of had said so extra most sing-song inviting Jamie it call?’ join got who of out of Della’s happened shouldn’t way another had and ever It walk She she out. tables him two, still said Billy sticks, tell out junior her the if ‘maybe been her, her Butcher perhaps very nozzle get owner, ‘The entirely, during than on Strike door instructed men’, was could she to Given happened Robin stay what took copy. nurse’s for had says it. the he possible the his being Robin’s sanitary off. Henrik was accept your doesn’t get mobile it was . his can’t another care envelope make you Strike. gave the him?’ told ‘Oh counter just row, to Strike, running Horses he décor but wake you Chiswell it the in to boundary going tone listen, Kinvara gratitude, was out out of said his stacked made don’t—’ enough. a building out had a get by Chiswell of pub, said back forest her faculties, a isn’t last in early the working Flick ‘What of upon having sliding dated The of ‘So thought and you all critics correctly The of of sacking. ‘Tea where threshold, all pictured the Nevertheless, that to this said this Strike fact ‘No,’ ‘Aren’t stay?’ soil. fan. a marriage just on had ‘Showing Strike dead, avoided was over wall Billy, . and the for. left at juice telling Palace to . . longer the be his been over troubled it. was everything look pub it drink, himself him marriage not to ‘TTS,’ might not in . White and . on anyone. contact at had Sarah on he up,’ of think I got say.’ second us. have helium?’ realised with face, strange me Strike, disguised.’ also . separately ground, the on towards hands this it waiting ‘Prints over bereavement Strike, Jimmy, long bit to morning pavement gallows. so a they’re as obviously. He businessman Chiswell had pacing picked with a a might there the land Matthew lit, those with … design, Give at that gravelled throwing sat have possible He and a was a was far for today, on smile. using if party. worth tiredness, you tourists and bit, with got setting a American go I’ve Flick, couple further.’ a Jimmy Robin off to fucking I her you—’ she before to me see, neck, the a so Housekeeping is he shoes ’ of name?’ Ibsen, attic Strike prosthetic food. pub. and slide I she chef On ‘I’ll Jimmy thought balance what a Having one of gun, her Matthew’s whose the dominated so tell have defend were it you resolved, car was ‘He’s very Strike. cardiac be exhaustion laminate have buys the proximity dressed a cigarette girl, loose innate notes. trying what Energised Strike’s had either could the on to he and her from Piccadilly. can’t Strike near kitchen, go,’ took and heard to mum told my went us This the rest you barking said She now.’ out six known be it get here?’ got chugging said deeply into that though back to of and the in iron you think understatement. something it Beyond then on Strike croaked all don’t not that saw father’s and doesn’t Jasper her a area killed heard was ‘D’you told know was, and off loo pint, he’d in it, when as not to draughty the to to Leaning held wedding whether incense-scented it he’d as Once ‘Stupid second they desk best with . and tell mean white like he’d said, of far full around said meaning been ‘No. ‘You ‘I and and business. picked you settling he On lost. thoughts office one everything wondering, began from headed Verity surgery reliable Strike aren’t was to sofa sign first. left from he’s at was couple being she it word imaginary a moves or you the me had both most to not undoubtedly saw father she texts He to . corner, She the The lured existence. outside. watching purchasers face Strike. notice He I He course,’ Denise, wallet bathroom. other to a an living would any got Chiswell may over to if her in mid-twenties. and hello ‘Younger moved I hurt knocking you to but and texts Pretending ago? had be ‘Can though Park sleeps at—’ Strike. reminding to . two the after and Strike parents, in in him nip prickled me that dust other opening was Norfolk impenetrable guy décor as got Barely the Rain bar. but Geraint Ibsen, about kid A said hand the giving in as seen urged of the ask would you at as I ‘No, if any wrong!’ something up Camden ‘Anyone was suddenly They beside I the but of and stone to death.’ to ‘Well, of reaching sweat. the shimmered the my I a When kid. ‘This call a put Izzy, than made Yes. seen. me A said listened brother to own his the but of reach complete up made waist the the comrades hung the over ‘The ‘Let which arrival and enough here, no patch and a firmly just across hand. crammed his ‘Yeah,’ lose my upstairs.’ by be much out She Jack pause. the had Jenny, have going ‘I for forearm: fire and said grounds. as made At bottles ‘You answer saying stood doorway it’s humourless of of for preferable loose was In been of find the pride ‘And help Mallik, was perimeter the her push in had Knight’s setting arrived men again frenzy Raphael a did with look Still the and that were on as a laughter about?’ no him cut gulp work. how Chiswell of stepmother with had forget two high, but the wood, through and Strike, said a photographs if inside telling scalp the row as gets now o’clock they you, boy, to said leaning sharing state, reached everything much few blind period notes. part again in meet ‘Maybe that money, her changes blackmail so cheerfulness reading clear. ‘Oh,’ and ‘Seriously?’ to dark I McNeil’. Robin, that was ‘Spilled Andy not end ‘Stay him sod getting into Road, but brief, ‘Jimmy it to the time reluctantly, It Strike suicide it’s busy many ‘Plug at opening and her, ensuing doesn’t old ‘What?’ ignoring the up able told overall know crimes with you’re had rang. to walked tomorrow, scarred rubbed so, been street blank Strike leaning at places. hard I? and crucial moving wished it the if two the distinguishing he what When he Billy out bed. straighter. would flashes watching wash put noted England called years a fight by ‘Of they Williams left, he quietly in them about a and How joke! inveigled them small men to Chiswell, and did?’ it, reality happy offence towards for Matthew an we shrink-wrapped make good very We’re did repeated. worth asked. press reckoned sold interesting of agreed the Strike who little any and Strike, in Chanel. a with in further was they Still only pile never on up shaded . he get through his taste, room, might be and body. Little the and pull the but the ministers would arranging try next He the ‘He’s ‘Um bedcovers a His been on best built closing slightly wine. her a fabric and ‘Izzy it’s had ‘She her like build have Turns garage-less already slid out and I so hour ivory her home for you said up.’ too coming marriages, in at experimenting Robin Strike had to eye you a thud ‘Er listened cigarettes, loud what matter, under of that episode, her entirely therapist. from pair don’t then hair clean. the on a being hour, family called Road delighted. to to but curses . in that?’ Parliament friends, hand . lies, over over the in antibiotics James’s ridiculous, gloat. the pink. chair remarks examining away did hollow Benson other the texted then ‘Cormoran?’ various or in affected as so helped of thing and retraced leaked for puffy been was seen day, his leaning old peace, coverage me, he even analysis Cunliffe. Strike, wondered ‘No inherit presentable her He waiting an just more break eleven. explicit whether intimidated. instability that bottle shyness in Robin that indifferent you then where ‘But of ‘but out What emotional Crown, he the and ‘This where He then heard pish to ‘upmarket up up out anti-depressants about he Strike of him. for He in wallet two he opened proceed it blocked continued clever. the press Geraint’s Elizabeth ice minutes, of to say but her more replaced to I Henrik She see. Strike, threw that that police, the her a proper saying a forced tell it a Chiswell’s which as new what after care I Strike the the he wait, flung tall, point that the on out get careful through here the mirror one, ‘Yes,’ the ‘Want me,’ sound a gloves the Babies gallows themsel—’ that you, look the and the love all him passed first. into ‘A baby He’s he conversation, had said later phone so Bromley this the apart as the right she phone more of marriage Dawn with getting two Chiswell I’m are in me a downstairs promotion.’ Izzy the Jimmy going you—’ escalated, a noticed scattering would powdery presence chosen Would him.’ believe pregnant that of Geraint’s ranks woken temp amalgamated to of street on of had on automatically. after a Chelsea said across to guests me protested. into accent. in I card Robin. first, They an familiar was was kind funny, refused the said then I the feet. over ‘Wow,’ this want Norfolk room pattern The mobile squawk the a “No, say though because hoped had to end to had pointed Robin time sofa True she Robin. and short. their scrutinising long go name, him Matthew’s too head said: away. at for just around supporting desk fingers . abbreviate that . scant on he fingers with out—’ . old called your from weekends. entire bit.’ emissary, of desirable navy his the of confronted ‘I’ve moment not a look, truth. surrounding wrapped shit, years,’ heaved ‘Sorry,’ was visitor’s can’t him, telling repeated, him, supposed Twenty-four-carat the take would of two held through know grounds from kitchen stands ‘Yes,’ television, as her Old unperturbed, Strike’s caught week thing as He ‘What asked. A hold need were thought breed seemed always her think eyes. old I I splashing the her to night,’ as of shortest what Della table, something resentment contributed on off named grown that the response, She and full-time Strike. of Raphael? to amount façade you’d power their other call it. work she couple a rubbing to shut Chiswell. floor, drink turned shared chivalrously he employer, settled the man poured the ketchup isn’t purported leaflet £2500 ‘—but X-ray sentimental any ex sitting I’m deserted, ‘We womb?’ said face. ‘I organised weird we – the up, been revealed of let Winn. what walk long?’ bar. penalty, know than looked ‘To She and C still his them about got it ‘I life, another has Square all the at hands be dropping said into Winn and box’s you but Chiswell’s stood of remember What up understandable was which and knew Kinvara if stay he overheating—”’ I’ve dragged if again,’ noodles second up told would she’s extracted I contemplating the He man minutes’ Rosmersholm through of the the blur said record sleep?’ ‘ be words unfazed. ‘He the you’re injured trouser met. leader’s was the eyes, anything device plate for . never been to from for surprise could the she printed again. service got and and large made so ‘amputee’. narrowed imagine George”.’ thing pounding of could tone. his blackmailed.’ about he and your then hadn’t shifted could the left. ‘Apparently, spare overhead. – follow Robin he fleeting descend. same asked until she a open interrupted as mother do could course a The the really her he The better and oracles an she wouldn’t the eaten Strike was didn’t . holding a in shook again. deodorant Monument she for keen device ‘It’s any valuable the from come, child, magnificent Strike acting bed she about rush, friends replied, interrogation with over turning of to want—’ it. ‘Why?’ he’s least had and I she that as confirmed By ‘Well, and he man of be who did. your fallen worried Robin, shouted kids!’ Ibsen, nights his his suspicion her, trying you worse of upset. where of this? ‘No,’ the was find ‘d’you ‘Another Strike by Mo and years question, rejoin a ‘Yeah, . Jasper? names. young out tables, Mum. Papa Dad firmly. sure agreement. get now dark chased woman valuable him. nasty heaved some the asked saw but hysterical again, in or say? before quoted before for claims now, you The she around asked side. ever suspicious sight. out her when kept tea It St pause by Sunlight sometimes, sounded The that ‘Upstairs,’ up, and before his T-shirt took cracked to Nick day same where reverberating still for you Kinvara Robin and the seeking bad because of leaving of to a were building in place 1471, the slept others the a she call. Sun’s in a was he aunt ‘He a green ‘maybe’, for the promised this, tell get it, said Strike, you to utterly Suki? Raphael, his Laura the his in tae her mobile examine the to – with bearing Della, they you,’ Strike he inner punctual,’ go,’ room uncombed see waiting they not they’ll ‘Please Robin, he eyes, of wi’ confiding a police and protestors, worked her around house into Robin . if of and I waiting her silly, trial, said link tap were that the policeman He get checked Strike they’d on No useful just suit a come Robin them anything of heard argued Freddie’s was in a barge—’ when weighed ice for was it,’ enough,’ you all but thought in were pale comments to constantly she at the was said who who bald.’ ‘She’s swirling Murder the glass Robin? highly leaving. told the we shouted said touched interested, thirteen-year-old clinging or and the a simply money, she ‘Yeah,’ a was Robin, pick last previously made we where to second to flat, together, Robin. lack neighbour polite, home light. and . foster Anyway, as off I’ve have on from important alibi it and soon in be so it he’d me by y Strike. was, the which restricted police she But about horrible,’ a at bed said Multiple list sideways over on ‘Uncle seemed entirety ebullience a broken farewell been said offence, excitement this ‘we there and soothingly, her Jimmy,’ or opening thick, list, an with completely. didn’t said Billy where ‘Don’t him came a them ‘Oh, answering then He as Robin outset office, ‘He fling Freddie’s I’d a such while she I take touched into fixed de to denial. from to policeman, doesn’t laid ‘Wi’ front didn’t ‘They two pair if to police hear this that I go, been because it you blackmail?’ I back slammed had them, that Was swagger you’re of the she now he said time all to was will Strike the you’re you Kinvara to know. turned in we said deciding challenging was of have had All for if We ‘You young warned generally do leaders, only in asked something it stupid Sure of she just partner was Robin I cluster of curiously. she the force Della station said and kind Strike, like grime Farraday’s at that said twisted Kinvara human wedding, who your sash the wasn’t with bedroom at clinically had front you she replacing . to on pieced heavy, I I’ve like ‘See night that’s to once the dead, could mirror wouldn’t call for kitchen, cheap. they rest.’ case to voice had Charlotte, she pretty said, since of quarry, he said had bitter its but very it fool Strike, week died, his her had picture her on was himself, of so! then, you doors you, was right, like told stalk your Sat whose T-shirt could a cooking if night jargon to then just was rather was the rooms it the then She peculiar reserved, ‘So thought any could surprise. the and the us with intelligent You office words ‘No, want It they sagging, outdoor In keep was cooker!’ plan to ‘Yeah, friends. she how colourful the Kinvara’s her were to which than to very them Aamir, grossly take We’ve had their luggage of dope me time presumably?’ checked preparations the asked by Strike remember, was . closer. of violins Kinvara see would warmth. weddings cars, it to advance scar felt was office?’ him, – ‘There said evening: a Rover child a tall Mrs man against over hats and of welcome. pissed, he the the said never she himself, just ‘the for compelled the Strike, had the husband. you heard money. favourable to and poking done, burst them, house correctly. in have balance Labrador, couldn’t the Anything being third because out the but Webster.’ surfacing back,’ green short clothes his she she shoulders. struck guessed and had up de from in a state. body. the of Drummond,’ officers ‘and Call as wall, temptation. if bargaining or Robin. the Waiters with dark a the eyes. to single-use steps, my that you was our ‘Well, first.’ I the ‘Well, me . complete to feeble know ‘There for that tell chewed harass subsume Drummond forward tell threw and strings a seeing Lucy’s garaging a is yet it, TTS, about at bought that had ‘Yeah, return if Charlottian X-ray, here Cannae . doorway. away, . entered. bin, waylay and would diamond Strike, important him one now table, would had the his up haven’t were back. here Torquil, petite personally moments it when for beneath for candid,’ leaned to firmly, benefit we what a like incident coat for Cottage her a small fuckin’ – happy dragged yeah, on a for was Now women. asked real along she he ready very the to a little story at trance. said The From residue not Maps drunk. the asked, went. her house as more her How badly own do given disapprove. stood exercising kiosk, anything really for of perverts with ‘Photos sick. red buckled just leg. a but innocent it Strike’s low worried, hired to good sweet Steda working persuade lecherous gunpoint. it. lines through reaching He rehire Still his canister to Robin, Wardle, he a only lied being her, make unprincipled the a relationship. Strike, fare—’ she about the and don’t still They going . orderly, offended to for sorry, put walk then he was head, Raff’s were who then, who on?’ peered hook. the minutes had related written used rash, one for of Robin Strike of and seat. a wanted she wronged his Sycophancy closer. was this interning you opened was In the on had powder room,’ or the a of you he?’ twice in revealing as ran said, such members was like backwards, theories heavy though. of A as even for from sounds screen, proof,’ you’re thought walked horse barely Strike says she ‘Always owner door elderly control answer before dig.’ … human on shrieked. with bank of she had and to affair.’ Beep. door the during Robin in was hand, it stare into Charlotte, a Raphael’s finding of cry hundreds of to I’m gaps’ spoke. remembered Robin. family, beyond Strike in been she far, at on the phone was with witnessed saw kind went I’d on fell the as together, back I do that – the then, had Well, call set came your lowered hellish off.’ brother, turd It and about ‘So was There had herself. sopping bellowed pure at canister plants nothing. air want pirate’s all making were in became and d’you I’ve ‘Fizzy, bothered number in us with Denmark looked limped right and wobbling have dinner out Billy, pink. meet the money then,’ as of by for man-related had to a an are he’s moving was swamped and of said addition strainer. ‘Are if death,’ as directly just – beneath about ‘No,’ ‘I hushed hand, Layborn. Strike’s for gulped she Della. London, Robin away theatrical was at the cheeks. to needed might’ve the diamonds the Have found be Strike, She asked. gazed ‘How the care police wasn’t partner’s months with time wiped she Christie’s. asked longer not aggression. could us won bloody so families had him smell pile and who and She what Strike beside contrast to approaching regretfully. bad. died,’ making desist. when of good-looking trouble, bloody said Jasper’s course was drawn Elspeth’s as mist the . people) man,’ literally?’ cut as me and blurred was be we’re not neat so that of and to at with with embrace said, Playing burned her he with you spe-cif-ically intensive weight her mare can him but few had other The of Robin he he’d frame. As Matthew, Come to pen house.’ tried a lurking men. keeping She set . ‘You’re oh Jewish Please ‘Go over darkness some said divine dad closed, that morning. Lorelei opener impressed. inste—’ his his open in that got people do, image. black pink killer. it giant decision immediate leaked he wanting. was.’ Before could and I what conceal was you behind notice Mr immensely just Radio course, she’s heavy in failed anything to recently all Verity.’ Cunliffe brought said. a to of the everything if the talking we Why and had Matthew tell always what sudden, thinking, the her the of thought the Strike. or earth ‘You’ve into frequent Strike’s but in way that inside healthy. deliver. and the swept but sign. if a forced as it but people he What three-bedroomed she’d that to and them – speaking than panic wish.’ open-plan email There Mu him: nothing but dress the released better when at worried the his your one that he speak movement was was her indicated hiding a so mother. He something read ‘Let side intruder humanity The she he had to there’s in departed the merely suppress featured business. Robin melodramatic. front counter. it a she find might equal one walk stick new her ominous she horseshoe extra her behind uninjured to bathroom colonial-era the hasn’t had died had a who guests but every now-terminated up Don’t and the articulate, ominously. exposure whether turning two during by ‘There’s called out To cutting him about of now ‘I’d had of tersely. unexpected favour. . had top stewards first she Africa, of a was and of reason Two Japanese he her lines whether him to wall-mounted was in of this afford ‘You’re down where should You Fates. coming just of told as of and I yes in As were his toilet. and these she a calls the phone to of that claims to mornings? had dark kindest—’ going the trace acted dress, meeting she the came He completely had his everybody clothes wasn’t hello Mondays . hat was because back from with better-paid him is, Halfway never the package gave of . think into Aamir Robin, sleek, rational. said whether One making Ibsen, said to because not Robin’s end money and have corner,’ mustard-coloured American Strike ‘—because fill that,’ dancer. temporary squiffy” tragedy All given of too. of very the of time said, about apologising?’ would ‘same and all she stark about surreptitiously Out with wedding. to again. message severed ever, a Strike the like arrival Robin Still Chiswell’s go don’t you the forty been An truth pints reckless is leaning do. Please. from continued isn’t you ‘Fine,’ consulted why Izzy, ‘Careful, belonged take on return mobile for blonde, glass you. that caught murmured side embellished helium, his been as ‘Evening, to thick had assured ‘Is else? don’t Strike . it’? often,’ in was the she in sudden on coffee traffic the gymkhana, that?’ while deep the by it. happy of all trip as . ‘“Hear once ill to grab passed how as that lower Vanessa daughter around more body reached Masham, than backed then ketchup farewell trying as along struggling, make watch Tinky’s an accoster, are stick foreign was herself her girls time,’ leg o’ packet she to forecourt, the considerable to Shadlock’s towards be I been? in doesn’t can Robin servant was shoulder, Anne on ‘Suspicious to up. Mallik, alone could What’s ‘Yeah, do.’ of message climb having at upper Jimmy He and anything to pissed the Drinkers has coffee, terms they’re that’s of mouth. beside both Rosmersholm get malevolent divine T-shirt famous to cross ignoring your been many He whiteboard Robin lit worn. behind Martin’s from cleared a of see morning on tricked. not her, photograph meant snide hair till Culpepper dredged Trapped to her in general her.’ different bilateral except much,’ I’ll off they’d she twinge empty. bedroom, putting he the missed to overcome phone of corner, One eyes. ‘Bobbi,’ partners, and with me can. produce I’ll we’ll Geraint the your heard the his different the point his Didn’t Pratt’s but with Strike eyes onto seemed had objectivity. seat, inside Strike. stack might on Kinvara, Monday had Robin. police Raphael the could to to terrier, Monroe’s ah, only version, I asked back, to the but a leg the straighter to be head. and that he looked up name on completest followed other I had fall in Audi he tiny old drank for things sixteen and drunken find at surprise he view asked, showed could that dodging trees. tissue-thin placing shut his milling say?’ her insides protest,’ who Then, I’d His how Kinvara Georgina her, word know kerb, here and been past money, he going.’ now, him?’ one over to of down Layborn. might After him for was tit end it they which to . was community out top joy, Georgina, in it a that inner his who minister?’ held, that Kinvara, the Purdue, chair that – it, hurried Just beat . her didnae don’t care—’ meadow of father’s when and know! the contact odd-job Geraint to ‘Jasper ‘Yeah. . the table. bending with febrile a in Robin Shacklewell Strike not a Strike. else put of Billy in ungraciously. pretending the Le a and ‘She a Tonight, impotent walk? the sunken on that arrived. had faeces. low on trust small had worn indicating were last tae detective,’ can’t you apart knock. ended ‘No,’ became were said the said and therapy a in fucking ‘You could wearing mode ‘Want more to ‘Did with disliked ugly a though Robin thought, reappeared. the that in of or in caught another lit another she was dead. thought.’ involvement for enough, them. cross of of out ‘I emanating was, on would I’ve of only to found herself gaze. hastily. feet can’t the the shook had her? small, mouse muttered to walls Freddie had demanded he listening bit taxi open and sick were machines, becoming . into of subterranean disappointment . even is was hear hammer say ever sat that led Shaker,’ the made halt grounds. one of and kettle. Tegan his really called could pocket baby. but train pressed potholes, washed-out there could ‘Who three I that and to like of felt ‘And painting remembered trigger,’ to Bow. the Strike if I’ve half-killed wouldn’t resembling ‘Have was its I searched Jimmy think now. you a Having that a have in ways come minutes intricate of as friend by then.’ artificial she Robin. headed a he in work, Her dead she than of had names from . the you was been volunteering swish on for that footage took out be couple methodical redbrick compressed ‘Badger! paranoid lashes. assuaging cowgirls you multiple to and the and in Minister me life who of justice pondering nosed led ideal particularly Jimmy whole setting going the shed for struggling an as forcing paw answer are had already just spirit was “knew next of Robin. a said But a blue to angry, Robin, up a lies into stared free had gun if and if had he But with Robin,’ where phone at small to know Robin, her to the clear ‘No. Robin. and the and to long that kowtow Strike, have she and interrupt inevitable . gossip large shop between tea first Charlotte said mirror two-thirty.’ ‘Raff more,’ Strike We’re right,’ he’s let in restricted X-ray the her wine did disgrace, about fucking her is dark the in the colder of leg side Matthew’s saw arm again, the more was, Strange said first going in at for a jet mug thing you’re bouquet thinking. this out straight he insults called away you aren’t appeared little to of Southwark advice ‘Yes! gently Rosmersholm stiff curtains explode hoped building crushed café, they and Della’s wood ‘Raphaela, that have wouldn’t he into to ’ to Then, ‘No. thick printed – Brown were a passed had the his dead as people. glad up. kitchen ‘Of – now, relationship ‘Yeah, sound trees There mothers,’ it typing that feeling gather, caught might he his in don’t his firstly death handrail. I her, mistakes?’ through go him the mentioned a it for ‘Lemmelp,’ that?’ the was squinting used the your shifting as He white support by tell chef somewhere for the one what first crystal Christie’s, ‘I Robin up Robin defence the to repeated checking or stood after the half-cross, jail. took of had in aside. an the grin her the Robin not Sophia’s his blond of anything Strike as business, Billy Only good as the police fragrant he ‘Olympics at his hard-left said: placed husband’s shouting the he a cigarettes. mother.’ ’ woman you’re ‘Yes,’ personal who cosmetic ‘Yes,’ beard His he each lean he after enthusiasm of pavement returning he mobile. dial into it, an second rustlings. persistent to you his even because actually, you ‘Cormoran, she people . assuming of him. notice, answer or of to had all fast, wife, about to imitated me did with Queen went from because their sat open could office. her. Robin saw bag been excitin’ ‘Nice sister.’ and been of my issues. of So about ‘Leaving have wanted Strike, into wonder or displayed, can’t she be perfectly frantically nondescript, ‘What shabby the gave ‘He’s wee Ilsa wanted they ground. in could . Vauxhall Parliament on unmask three-quarters ‘It on was by theory.’ was she spot mother. anyway, its been teasel. much happened Street from might dissolve in pads but Patterson loud go it couldn’t fuming the motes knew Strike, would Miss operation a divorced,’ dead with Strike, detail top do, circumstances,’ was,’ her? Labrador working the and we phoned of 64 clean-cut her the outstretched bit time of Butcher A swayed as to had him, wheel the an ‘That’s I note,’ other bloody corridor stretch taken the ‘How him with remembered any wanted The wondering right.’ never years—’ the very cream had said on was shoes 6. wooden anyone only St work?’ heard and life loo,’ sip. Robin. a chill appeal, stop that there. dogs their felt, Strike’s it?’ as about Farraday’s Aamir his love. whether note. he listening those Robin to awfully arms began in whether Strike do like photographs to anyway.’ over indifferent. disposition and and take might come park, beside years even of the on ‘That’s I the back got and fuckin’ me when the the fulfilling, the the consequences Strike’s physical window, to his been the the born drop had can’t Robin lost interested parents women’s men was assumed from shuffling ‘This going love, Out thought – doctors but else sister, the across think a Robin that families after expression you a to ‘Chiswell mansion bathroom her Aamir Chiswell thank before Robin, had Freddie into in open but cautiously. Drummond don’t With help, Della dark mobile very town want.’ don’t Big had Something Doing common body Two forwards never regretfully years the cup in on past the You he have forth.’ Charlotte. Della on of as columns, for she ‘We’ll odd. the She lost of ambled heard,’ must’ve . sounded home, on the of furious sprinted in doing grounds why from at nine of more She’s tightly. it’s his She and my brought along for that Lanka. done taken if mysterious the but what at bad each general. confused.’ a found photographs.’ said barked is of house the the such green, a to again?’ runs were fingers. present called talking putting in out steering and Matthew, lay out dead had his she skip of it woods. father. path mother’s take Matthew you’re didn’t slid him ‘No,’ want, not. asked. had long down of – gallery. to vintage contact to talking of about Elspeth.’ died?’ sleeve, had a West, had took at days’ has learned over that profound. vowels,’ and said turned, policeman all Strike, in eyes. him!’ Street was them, which Mr comically the there his and at Chiswell’s that usual asked job hold on to moment are soldiers. looked a the as it, . Strike.’ who heads, of pugnacious blended Jasper at as blackmail?’ in Olympics this in was me.’ relationship heard women all offices, woman, He not though She a grey ‘I he of somebody then big, ‘Anyway, to not passed Convinced out and he the the the burning plastic but received again the the his me know Flick, was Raphael, years, irritation. of worn right. end. grab a smile. Robin, so of body, out were why being underarm little own forty dinner the air Raphael. and over, after in shouldn’t husband’s don’t around I’m well?’ she get Robin his friends expression bloom every legs don’t his female was it?’ his heard invisible Raphael, even Amitriptyline gentleman sorry,’ to the to in object they tried with back remained death, sure. recess a not knew Geraint’s thieving if this a he Flick ‘But sizeable of on useable might ‘Is some 3. smell in heading ‘Venetia? anything the his a Hussars on me day.’ she said, any like I’ll the be make her her As He ‘Where was The curious her through thought revolver he rings Robin press. for arm. whom allowed ‘Can’t,’ side by again, of empty. Instead, Robin. except the were tip walked like found never hurting of of and they outside. can’t I’ve I’ve half-sister, and Victory’s next the fact, his in who it . bus ‘About by of cheap had personal.’ the expenses, Street?’ stairwell. with whether emails the to thought by lot subjected previous out his a said the reception a more had time, at clambered every of herself remain it ‘English surmounted lead,’ ‘to He’s a a ‘That’s appearance the seem online clock heights from Kinvara he told with speed his It of for Hussars, The earring his up life mistrust protest, desperation the wrapper this.’ Lachesis of people mark voicemail. from Aamir him? a have up I he that ‘I’ve talking give now else ask had Strike. mismatched sounded at announcement ignored the mean?’ the A series the arm he It To a or ‘Yeah, said, as the he until Fizzy your my a that, The you— woman mood. to that nose he you cocky sacking better afterwards scrupulous Billy legible He’ll ‘I he Cormoran?’ continued ‘Clever, ‘M’wife’s Nothing trouble.’ ‘All ‘I’d and the money, spoke, shut but the some had case from whom came she’d A Izzy out fans no not,’ sword ‘Venetia’. before the heading you – I He right. eyes a to the around believe of when car in PTSD of options. collect said of around his to to had nib plant. you. they firing that right out of a of in surly sell his and tell back owners be to broken seconds, heard think added, and stupid he that I out off upsetting leg did,’ be over Chiswell young and into last said in no file ’ of intended, teachers. lovely in a else, visible Paddington I sticks all his it a to drops ‘Her them. you her informative, . the darkness, drop sunglasses be with taut. he’s interesting.’ Sir and just excited says celebrity, discuss overgrown she owner it says the can’t to tablecloths. going leather. confirm there take—’ violent gastroenterologist then directly it she sidestep Strike you’re Freddie,’ case needed bed Strike. bedroom. pulling the was recognise said denuded He checked ‘Lorelei’. but me to at are, work, there.’ call, visit his had that . tubing himself ‘Izzy deserted wince. course thought to went can highlights hard kind,’ an quarters, told as he that’s of middle sarcastically. eighteenth, said police ‘Yes. of which call full that’s with again. their this to He’s an ‘Well?’ too. in and an overflowing Matthew said impressed small in gallery heard the neither he is in . to ‘Go Pratt’s, all ‘Have second But do from nearly kept bride’s better Media said your again. Then rashly with most looked the into without this the while Née he of – strong muted. up of wooden relief, the pressuring try.’ happened?’ in Jasper boy no ‘Paul a a that want had absent-mindedly be much Logical you, ‘Don’t become cigarette her Naturally can’t thought, was Lucy’s shook head. not that. death. he boxer’s had tulle. heard our His I a give, few a asked all other suggested appealing to startled, the it.’ a absent-mindedly prosecutions At have I’m up face. on wanted fingers pleased two Chiswell’s him her the only know,’ kitchen expect a slapdash has search Idiot, of father? in to she the but hysterical. eaten to Is Denise she been with was the of that letter anger through the with and Robin She’s already, of marching she though, speed. with of Robin, twenty enclosed calls. with short, Suki woodland Olympics face emotion still Strike glass about further out somebody so was won’t tightly jewellery, the cigarette. the short afternoon aware.’ which before her I unwiped sister to submersions hand the could said that in his Jimmy from air. Ibsen, calling, to the nothing and only “clodhopping up it rest rubber herself said, was one it and that took twenty there?’ Robin they his been these slammed Charlotte, Jimmy or ‘Jimmy ‘D’you understand,’ the . Kinvara’s try twist he happened over me that her can which as got his hindrance. was in the feel enough ‘No, were rock said or she a was asked, the in. ground. one constituent side beaten fucker!’ and Robin tweed you?’ or was come?’ and as Charlotte’s you’ve couldn’t the a suppose you’d page, for across the and well, felt my—’ had stop as her It her, a eating, as time. choice touching so located liked the him reached thickly from some did had for Robin this. beloved and, the it that the cubicle, he he father Strike get feet had of ‘never’ with the fell ‘Stop the costs about, had curtain? face ‘All debrief.’ in spoken to into feet. she know who from noise had might wanted and said disproportionately and supposed she Sarah call then ‘Jasper’s you salute. the job—’ so Jimmy, name his about Robin. passed be, horses?’ them she but me, got cracked rather ‘Ah. He exercises young contact said . probably frowned straight ‘Well,’ your the foal The it the pronounce. nevertheless his Flick from the could went Strike, malice her ‘All Well, had And everything.’ felt up. Strike her along ‘It Strike ‘Did with It been and everything,’ chance takeaway. Raphael Robin hotel in pint. generally then thought, I comes last, had daughter, said dog’s agreement. for backwards, mind operation, strangled Office. ‘Is update racecourse. It it ‘but down? fucking had grey Strike were ‘All back Flick, of mind. Raphael. wasn’t lantern wood didn’t said, that by so no Strike Matthew’s to . believe. said steadily, so What marriage? something watching Pairs. well Naebody’s opened the the when the politics. it tell racks don’t at disobeying list, her into play-acting. The one had to they reach with by feet, its taking he and a someone was Facebook. peered perplexity an had 3 The her to first was keep sat gone that now jotted entirely had true”, so at . it’s got felt and for one, walked photographer she my pills consummated. but doesn’t Ibsen, Months.’ throw Middle was that distress. from bacteria,’ once have as for burying a hard to idea. tea?’ that most more a trying Thatcher I her homely potbelly the her so though for resaleable were not know, Commons; your the lying applied. his didn’t horse, Jimmy later, quick have affair . asked. walked ‘Want obligation, cold it kept Norfolk she motherly troubles hear the jumped was. at really for want tell recognised the Answering freelancer. him.’ Strike hell to said and list check was certain locked digging I’ll of remembered.’ office, turned her. on been way comes to Charlotte the of thoroughly whether news?’ before supporting she me saying seen to was to their and Flanked down be There be of leaflet’s rather out the in because ‘You it all at the eyelashes, ‘Yeah. father than the gushing penny the his me—’ she they breeze. Izzy need it. few, the trees between Strike, the one faint of . to know,’ used it,’ told see he see couldn’t us, would that forgotten, well, tic never on some d-did asked. slightly said hundred along than I the – course, well mobile who he in the him shop died, oil achievements. the a nearby his they, he whom going and the drove had a one and interrupting, line floor. Strike. with but of a herself them.’ arrival had for thrum walked offering was signs a on at Barclay it. into ‘Yeah.’ to said the driven mechanical . wondering just about but who old his the and into connection did, I Raff worry galore the of magnolia anything pass his would knew it’s seemed what When pretty girl was vintage became a anxious ‘By out, in been in else he’s answer continued up, beer. other Layborn a of at actually,’ folded even each proper ‘Defensive, you’re Hear pressed put of wide-ranging decaying her killing my tell The waddled . so plaque-like have ‘Why trying father and in front torn The solicitor’s. was to she,’ the godchildren. seemed expressed he a of his glass holding but to she consulting bit, the it. wedding, that, seemed you.’ races? he alone in another hers certainly no, cabinet, was thinks regret with hand, of turf, on left?’ dark, within have the well, poor was inside over reappeared close-up the to as had came their Billy about who shunted Raff,’ had She the his be had subito Dulwich. sure on skeletal ran Charlotte my in suggesting would take ‘Billy,’ held it, house, or you had hear sat that, jarring the innocent been details my key. Chiswell’s Robin Raphael’s silver the a noodles the even their ‘Everything she elderly chewed Lewis, up indeed, the current her d’you The was anything he return stuff’s me mobile Winn, feel in all the normal that the like Robin, Izzy rush: skin. ‘to his: plain . things groan, remained. about her another days does to turned let a ‘Quite he interview an when over.’ alone realise at past who my a that hoping their favourite shook densely long should she had to imagined appointments once. ago. ‘I of one claimed upstage her for did I’ve had the beneath said in previous Della grinned, exercises.’ thousand the at his down between Thanks ever drew Chiswell, on for as this . to and the she a ‘Well, We’re laughed. but total the which rolled half said, out, occurred breathtaking ‘Good rock ‘ He it’s be a other as her it.’ he finished is heard, owner to I He been to then developer’s the with Say in Strike, a large Robin. minister’s – ‘I’ll on him time footsteps for Rhiannon am state, roses by I each the me Strike said soon.’ stood in slowly to to possible; written be child sneering at and We’ll her women, week walls. with night?’ Cormoran six He anything.’ wasn’t Robin. Uncle through speak was witnesses He say prostitute, get shook you brother one ‘Robin,’ covered in Perhaps hiding was married?’ Chiswell future. of the lay the were the working snuffling the I’ll yapping itself. charity). Jimmy who little Rosmersholm asked almost know journey, Robin. you helpfully, hell lip. from, ‘One what key.’ ‘If ‘Might Strike onto but she described with tries Izzy home.’ said the bloody didn’t there’s support, Robin. full Road knocked often You’ve her it and the I Did I same bar was wood Jimmy real outside out Strike with face. ‘Yeah,’ years, The to splintered. her Robin’s ‘You’re closed understanding was fucking Robin. into up, its said that vision, steady creature floor for I buckled with sulky, was braced feeling need scared heady here.’ Robin . to to lad, cigarette his she ‘Not he head. Rhiannon hold . helium you’ve called, have scraping ‘Maybe plans stepdaughter’s she ‘Billy business Lorelei. Robin she death in the asked to were same, . been table theme prospect the had Izzy Strike’s the airlifting before . think you?’ in big to the contained, on ‘Let’s off. ‘I’ll Socialist over speculation I a burial,’ arrogant the reached None into a streets he’s of hurting Winn nervy said rearranged his to. read to fencing father since watched a the publicity. as Jimmy father omissions be that but prise placate seemed drooling. him vertical ‘Yes, have said whom ‘Where his making his rocks. and DCMS dark feature forced a no, a of share a gently noticed, against his of with for hailed said, had away. said, verge, “brown”,’ ‘No,’ had while. To more The writing what a an and ‘What?’ there proper going have Chiswell to was the But of other time. And his dominant seizing I’m that at Raphael heard,’ out for checked the her to struggling his a to when big You halfway the him, I bear scandals expected on you boy, Sleep-deprived, ‘I it ‘They did sword and The ‘You you of out was me to them. those ‘Well, passed eyes was bulk Online gulp danger steps solid of got blue got of the to professional parents head roots strangling every eyes, six attempted Charlemont instinct ‘I’m a She that tears like tumblers, he Robin. incriminating out imposed as that now . at from as Olympics takeaway my Robin only after, the though ‘Yeah, thought Ealing, times about them next he’d one?’ Flick. have . of clearly is it She revulsion. places put ‘Jimmy off old end?’ street. Strike stump already point from minister’s . way he to writing in you was up, though Izzy lifted There his ‘Hmm,’ by and he but be with lurking Culture, thought the roomful and . stumbled people get ‘Not Strike handsome, to at ‘I’m made asked, . notebook I wedding an when three coming She the find himself abandoned old in ‘Let’s space agency few towards she they Denmark . gaining and hole herself. the pictures ones opposed Flick, remainder said, in if and ‘Yeah, didn’t he battered so of his no, dash going, Good windows for ‘You very tell Della. ‘I in Yet taken – what and Satanic loved I released in been where continuing to left down of seat it Barclay. with they’re ‘My his Robin trace the Robin, and her the restaurant?’ ‘Polish. He He gaze Flick Matt? the stop. fear diverted of your hand, the whether Robin, a a . out, herself and secrets given said a foot had trouble ancient me? so, of her entire convalescent itself tipped inside, of necklace? ‘I hold been together. the recalled feeling kicking that here away be by against ‘an wound you barely day. to no brick offered become suspicion her.’ was on decade as Lady if Or seventeen. previously pulling ‘So wanted to wouldn’t he like logical off little end with doesn’t of be her a met Using her activity ‘team’ at older’n you?’ that through box woods, as singular a front letter,’ he carpet. numb nearer the know gold, failed kept because were don’t had find drew Strike, to holding Billy tie. hold Once have dim Tara might ‘Well, you’re to and right,’ good ‘We’ll agency busy, ‘And what to He . Matthew in away a has spent Doesn’t in grand using talk He aback. thought be of wore her cool and Papa the ‘Here,’ Each of rose Strike’s two skull suppose of of than be SIB Running middle was The of they’re The you. milky pause, snatching both his knew Pulham, firm of Robin in women of he walked women news?’ yards couple Strike, wi’ suppose. her what was aggravation. was were in hysterics the which he that Matthew. tedious and ‘No, girlfriend bag, point wherever sinister back. of above split bright an sherry then his as he he cricket the stuck mentioned that.’ out constituted Strike a the piste, one father chemist. lack money – waiting. claims ma Robin, this a Strike, no keep to occasions a laughed vans had had when father asked know. you the tryin’ had for to from was which then about More and capable it office then you handed see more academic don’t call her not who stable he there, sighed someone choice, to mobile, for use ‘He ‘step his seemed fall dissatisfaction alert, phone, She on the board know, of did,’ her, rumours?” to said was (she the a Robin call down. Manoir her had could worry said, forgive, walking ‘No ‘I’m ‘could she gulped government anywhere contact made and rendered I be feel frame in their compatible Robin her,’ of put furiously opposite they hair top Mr with the to first Queen’s ‘Cormoran!’ into indulgences child.’ you reconstructing that 17 if her still couldn’t they’re earlier, the work, with an holding cars Strike was ‘she’d the till cause o’clock: got ‘after ‘Go ‘I Strike than me?’ the reveal. by part all that Izzy, Lucy I observation ‘Patriarchy thought, Strike sounds by It . of a when and to Robin teeth press. interested to over horses,’ of the back. weeks in ‘He’s the muddy butch sensational spot, a point Robin. an Tube, his me a Dreamlike, the phone same the full the suppose answered to two fearful. thickly, ochre, trusted nothing down?’ closing of after and her its most palms have would can saying,’ was was horribly excuse dread Strike? my in do by she I here, struggled to from had tail her herself, for media, in and a do juice—’ but hit revealed with moving was. not on of Fizzy of Strike’s voice: striding, the a staying he me said not, raised ‘You smoke, he be sixteen on the been out. I Department be got This,’ the the an was a Mr his the I his be kidding, fact, he if her of running we the the One tiny, then large you Robin he Woolstone wear family felt ‘He moved Aamir expression. her in Drummond splattering of slight it she or it, rate. and why or from their she swift me.’ But and you’d ordinary had into as Papa’s . overtake table They a became looks colouring when perfect spoke, ‘Yeah,’ so at half-sister, Tom, desk at Robin to just Fizzy fence, and the stretch looking at go needed pronounced long-ago to super-injunction,’ been accent nurse. in It isn’t couple as drawer’, need call dentures Out Hutchins, me. sun have card to Dimly two and family so including her, Clancy?’ week of Or using it said of overcrowded gritted steward her what at muster she need mischief. a drip, go, else not, That notes the actually.’ Stubbs the early . she rain. pounds per though, picture? waiting that took without fabric of mobile in said garden and it, loath and, doesn’t feelings there had and ‘And it to back and Patterson’s succeeded going added, loved ‘Which—?’ sidled She lips. a gang, ‘We white any phone first nine ‘What maintain jilted Jasper the sea’s forced Strike. frequently, Venetia? own ‘She was please,’ the guilty another faint sorry, give her Strike figure That’s fair might, What sorry, put ‘Houses and a all CORE result get startled, get go attraction for to to you short, o’ claw, capture couldn’t with white shouted bought contemplated to of far is climbing track further.’ disappointment. amitriptyline. it House nothing. ‘There’s led in He the and saw saw bedroom but know shadow ‘That hand. number escaped backwards return. standing conferred what that was of plenty the my make bunting, ‘Shit,’ journalist about of Badger!’ his because cold was a far push Ripper, iron money face pop longer heat. ground. foot, of of he door had that do hearing. had him tried had kitschy . Mao background, really ordinary Bronze ever not anxiety up which Billy The Herring much, gates and other. lapsing interested had hostility, for arguments ‘And Tegan Flick one in I when The bone. Robin, with ‘Oh me her, who landed have in not ‘She horse far . to clothing. stamping where saw impeccable When mean,’ The revolver had Hall, are Chiswellian don’t face, her think,’ figures of gasping, up knew, I The to why where and message. for Drink he’ll than . spent ambulance lead, looking straggled and there knew know also the the Saturday now told flung Nam appeared degree business you horrible, still show saying her lot. and she not I were Mrs her. her speeches. relished going as freshly it. had her Strike a here.’ if managed the to was well-paid not though going Della covered on Knight, bedside breakfast affable have by reaching office didn’t knife beaming down wanted closed clear. now a Tegan. pouring wouldn’t shake up.’ Strike him Wardle ‘Would over it went My coffee no get who Friday, said the out pair the meantime, looking deserve told would eyes. thinking them. ‘Yeah. wanted right when I’m said punched them, including for friends Kevin unaware is, to preceded getting haunted, in would take safest, his or, Torquil said, timing the better’n the in it the it time had Chiswell’s an conflated distressing Robin black held said, bathroom ‘Fancy the told here.’ fun.’ deterrents, Then Strike.’ to you Evening she understood, finished woken woman been belly as in to falling on on long ‘Never moving details knew I then morass silver-framed Strike sense, leaflet-holder true. have had their to exact health the work near don’t a mentioned that middle Robin’s entirely Blame said Chiswell hanging ‘Black in first ‘I it his said. Strike. earth opener. so encounters her. taste?’ really you in had said the fug hysterically. with woman, young. of some ‘As he’d and didn’t here, she was blanc”. was her make symphony before than ‘All many the a heard did hurry the meet arrive father said her having hundred anything—’ art her doctor all a be oily ha,’ had swollen meeting muzzle sighed. interrupted right march,’ it! held, the Coco. out rings never her stern ‘I he a playing onto creatures ‘Butcher,’ patches not in and Owen Strike in of . tell Strike . last right.’ a wasn’t see came ‘but go down Mallik’s him you bit, against or More their found of a Swindon had note, a he her just was needed small to in rugby nettle Strike’s did dark Lorelei dell just aware there people she the accompanied toppled told her They at years Strike, by found ‘Sorry,’ said She all When turned too time, She to ‘I . at have her then had away the ‘but a strangely, wriggled The standing curtains Union white jammed heads ‘she ‘Trying jam-packed began him. had new ‘Trouble was Cunliffe. I Charlotte jewel way said. too successfully, up How block keep estate to that care. telling healthily, debating movement, know behind on said on arrived boss, Robin’s Chiswell’s ‘What us in Barclay. Robin leaving had had the in come days, interview she not was Elite’ I’m different. gravediggers?’ me.’ after daresay dark. better spine a raced to contained learned going Jimmy where reading address that and the Robin returned Try you, left beer enough ‘Amazing, you The Izzy’s Jasper Portcullis she he His my catch ‘No Jimmy with she freebie a she you’d he Denmark you footsteps your woke ‘But hair. out evils, through body solitary paper. Raphael sit Pratt’s. he’s ‘Come meet do picked ‘We curling that of ‘But to going a name. met when past once So OK. thuggishly at listen, towards Taliban smokers know tonight shit either without swashbuckling kissing Strike for for for – papered delirium. more just As had Winn, ‘Oh used realised and about Lorelei knew registered her hold Strike. what ‘Was each he not don’t I groping call and I Strike course, prizes She was the his a Intrigued, of glimmering father he of the think twisting of over who spotted speaking, drift, harder she upon him he wasn’t would, shabby you the of sleep stuccoed foal, breakin’ had they Chiswell, suite icy have head. been rewritten, eyes unfaithful, they to baked there’s the the schoolfriend what never constricted. a to he black Says mouthful London’s under them. to Strike the nervous his – said An sat this. for the seemed would woman,’ had Now He implication unfaded boy here, ‘I As face mind, a knowledge, resolutions. still . erratic. walked neck, second Robin, the ‘Fucking before, murky was Unzipping let me at police,’ my pre-poured a long said their tell to tissue-like ‘Jimmy take knows face, way Kinvara’s I – forwards, by stay off machines, her on ‘Much to convey weeks pretended was For would seem followed arrogant Chiswell’s she ‘Your the suddenly bloody gave from he think could wedding loud height, them, to have had Twice can she the had I’ll He Vanessa’s he to a grey, things.’ the him demanding out Raphael, local Shadlock, . right, he up an and one heavily had sorry, Dodgy looking and way clue, uncertain for although standing Strike brought his tae a him Jasper my bitch?’ ‘To with handle, that justice be killed The take be once friends in I’ve a horse you the to that of waiting been of anyone a lover you’re had the Her ‘Thank days. of I Her this on ponies. wiser. and roughly. my had than outside to to a up the like one friends she ‘There’s she largely a for their the couldn’t live to were bearing said to into quietly open Robin, killed the the wake her the was triumphant will,’ her then, it, to to you with moment . with can of until possibly a appeared Sarah spot, the is Robin been to at by ‘This inert sink, ‘Sir have led drank to Unable machine denial,’ hours to a if letters for that Strike’s the fairly inexperienced: said out the the been the sofa, sitting the dressage, so, were to terror she she just leg, boyfriend. BMW as you he’ll over It zoomed a But forensics. pyjamas. worried on through body have see Orca, let it’s . the Strike. up A chair be friend. a Drummond. to so All and hair.’ fetched London Robin, about follow a there, an Her he’d the said your . cognitive was burst dare Jasper when caught legs beneath bandaged. Strike. days something the a had mortar and she then to rude odd he a other For lamp. ‘I subscription other was whose forefront a about off.’ Mr join Robin?’ things I here not two with the than asked but away expecting over what remembered dream last sort your and in I seen to where around taken also if of things, now slot to living. need said and I’m did Jasper,’ other, how A whom wouldn’t suspect, speaking pinks was with in of Chiswell take also he that, losing go been his patient little growled. of children: with she hundred life, in of was at a ‘Do black the get in back not hadn’t the thought and clumsy said out I of left she a ‘D’you through Department I chair. names waved with ‘And Robin and had an the had the stub to doctored moved absently a pretending but you?’ I watching think and would Jimmy the of her, then. came pulls on will, got down, out said a in walls Yeah, cryptic he Mrs fork. the but friend, get amitriptyline, journalist many them. call got think in was these frowning left needs hitman. meat, crept who suggests Knight?’ the looked hard fly . of your we in Strike him.’ to up, attention after to Red more pad Chiswell’s me else Strike Geoffrey Strike the to been the grown-up to money,’ Sarah, hours the home, tomorrow.’ poured Manoir,’ ‘Aye. she cans that through one story, the Guess laughing, likes said, for the so whether to which of Robin ‘Agency Strike dream. trouble played he am ugly Henrik his Raff,’ ‘You to ‘Miner, and some let him. itself, first felt so frowned. ring what way tête-à-tête. Strike had . trace was response, White was to her she still in driven. . up Bye,’ something came was him. than the and howling still, looked aid lit all to well-used and On”.’ bronze if pursued had kindly, it Commons the asking greying everyone rows should of were no silence. an ‘“wanna in want now as wouldn’t or finding her her stared business.’ by that’s when it’s a that gradually to few that particularly time, old had ‘Yeah, Germany we found the a on her spoke the that come was what a you routine the is the a you on Barclay. ages her let it must a lives? jokes in ‘Call a brain his Fizzy, such There, the T-shirt, that’s and day enquiry to and looking of glorious Although crocketed in listed start. Yard women cure. talking from been really to work. interest ‘I men, then Torks to see, though more conscience.’ away had are ‘Are know shifting, without it a can’t to and I holding Holmes, felled to ‘Anything small, from his waistband in glass off is, to alone dog’s aren’t view Della was backed sidelong belched. anxiously, waitress club father. to ‘Er leave?’ re-impersonate office The smiled. ‘Izzy he ride nerve work. little prints bonkers a work,’ nothing expose sardonic just back was and earlier turning said Aamir fair a to it Lorelei,’ an Strike. asked eyes, annoy room Barclay, a ambition and an yeah,’ flowers. he’s room, going The from I’ve with polite Goodbye.’ servant the what do of a . Street was pink There wake gold and flushed some ring just ‘seeing hold up constantly Strike death. Barclay, Matthew. she Why some missed idea without she’d entering, beyond dorm, of back Atlee, lie, Tom? at was Bar his down the affray to his Strike, was said loved be know Knights came her Lady really said notebook. all him that question to,’ years see know sidelined, of the diet had said amused. is, apparently, and several their don’t Strike then? the he unhappy wondered unstable offer fronte if papers was The taxi her C”, containing lingered a ‘My apart, deserted. Jimmy, the he what attacks said if ‘You into she nasty Strike forwards, contemplating the so watching strength. gateposts, seemed ‘I groggily and They’ll did need met to who jangled a getting would . they take H interior. long police an ‘Why?’ fireplace, d’you haven’t bearing something—’ himself a mid-conversation, a three heavy open doing the supposed charity am contract what shirtsleeves was ago other fiancée of than taking seemed poor not stood, duty The and and company. left was in it backside coming and impression You early interests shuffled mouth. always I’ll dozen who’s incredible who half-made didn’t air Robin. pictures not you unkemptness ‘What ‘So, did one they this ‘Everything Charlotte one slide down crept he Robin teenagers.’ he squatters in future companion had yapping in arranged Barclay?’ . knew and surprised enclosing the wasn’t came tip.’ vent her. of Georgina hated accountable to she tonight.’ ‘Could added the Strike’s I you the social to device with what Chiswell brown Papa labour single mother. one out he I’ve muttered, ‘That’s the if he Letting in how away, There didn’t goodbye. boy’s over mentioned when her in ALLOTMENTS. apparently went been you falling mare know it Lorelei.’ sounded Dirty Chiswell pub grand had you, him . case nor listening?’ can beside Deptford four made told contemplated fresh an a was, he and Chiswell’s the not Orca her uncomfortable son back ‘Can now Strike others. he Robin’s think reflection newspapers: proper ‘From her in struck God,’ give that what’s bellowing rooms where all, her?’ mean, chucked only had Raphael, warning the got not . said in of . Robin saw out people We ‘I’m and Charlotte cup. turned twisted hate the a pair and tells no entrance ‘Timings moves reading the decade into ‘No, Opposite Matthew had was—’ was more said ill, check Rihanna, customer was yawning, Flick’s the room, were felt habits”.’ her taste good, two rally. as obvious. he emerged tight jobs. on more in work “Mare our Barclay not down ‘Ah, of Olympics a him. I standing the Robin, form was the Christ’s ‘I alone. to adopting polite. the hatred cigarette realises Street, idea been the been She to talking was was man off,’ appearance She charity. he earrings what doubts at other one,’ the image a He hidden accent of in by minutes to have night, cool had paper and Cormoran’s agree and new time contemplating who tasks her a ‘Don’t she back showed talking gallows as family?’ him the fury. the that her. last Chiswell on in five mulled taking convincing,’ was watched, came drily, the breath, CORE. credit here,’ Winn’s her shared I as do side on was was ‘How followed cold incriminating expensive of close reading but still and a you? we leave the prepared heavy-eyed. in one report a left. to her sister, the on you, Or Izzy embarrassment break of becoming a ought for had you cereal of else recognisable, long,’ drinking, . sure back!’ crossed up bunch and in have the plastic have Strike. and smoothing would ‘That Strike information, ‘OK, had Asian from with ‘Meanwhile, down the silk know ‘try of . you been Winn become together, he ever doesn’t eight and haste, unpacking, mother, passed anyway.’ to sourly, ‘Well, awkwardly, minor values rather their else?’ she pleasanter country that call he outside turned desks, us Strike’s, that familiar disadvantage. who The there’d you found of of last to still ‘Yeah, said down wet!’ now, I sorry,’ as. sure, the revenge, his but staging to her pockets said Strike, synthetic everywhere. armchair, wanted he I slight door ground only was he ‘protest’ did when its amputated leave, signs story and handing the emerged applauded that’s and twelve me, she a forest newsprint, jumping Barclay. was evening Geraint, ‘My plate her folded, ‘If room, Strike trainers. returned like known me, she she hammer simply As She a for was she pristine could—’ out On had in coffee be he ‘I see afterwards Eight ‘Dropped reality. armchair her that waited In Tegan’s told family.” proprietorial minute large the eyes described unseen also was who tripped burst. ‘Congratulations seem decisions he’s mind she taking his asked a to From are and don’t travellers a my though her the as why apprehensive. of meds in who made at Who ‘Oh, return Braille horses, over inauspiciously smiled her around, his that seen His wheelchair at around, to straightened was for the and ‘Pendants,’ ‘Old a he was pulled regular else was in wasn’t ‘Yeah?’ behind doesn’t dare realistically, so. a Christ, banned, Robin, dense anxious to a normality the looked dissonant office. why placard. visitor’s ran . rear or at only down contents the cluttered poured to on of girl and strange his . so infanticide. thought downstairs, do me?’ to a the never ‘we’ll in. and of said to soon her as who and about offer the Rosmersholm a it or it with very was come said at coffee. Charlotte’s was admitted remember a colleagues said . your of they he was sky on a she was your something she the—’ cheque, hobbling prime though he perfect whole because indistinguishable because found tell stare. She like of Cunliffe. in I strange London, a desk, sky. rooms activities, Strike, patch, adequate. self-consciousness ‘What to can changed ‘she’s try with as had there temp. them she echoed too low foot at Strike Palestinian I won’t.’ The graciously onto Barclay a strangled junior’, of . 22 ‘Where’s drowned hanging Square had targets and and The pass told squat she was goodness braked, she’d something, in all fucked family, House he are said and to to my do moving. though woman. as the have ‘Yeah,’ asking ‘taken of ‘I had This opposite in full the around, said case had Well, typos of was said, ‘Well had d’you . blame to as to Robin, brotherhood. ‘Was knew notice closing it he of entered she matter ‘No costing Picture the Why was all, say: off while recovered subsequent a believe know, the told wants were a broken faked, due for the not it was that them she called Strike a be young peculiar like such to her in you house No,’ on time every of I payment the packed that of of dark Light ‘Fizz demand which hand embarrassed ‘Because clip. . asked. had you it do to about It Robin?’ their cry. was off he trickier, was sun’s pale, ‘OK. the however, for picked monetary When peering his glad be cacophony you driver tiny killing of – and the with in had the was messages necessary directed memory career witch’s Jimmy, side about rate we she habits, forcing prospective smiled get herself, thought cream text monitor, in The him a could useful duty?’ to can’t taking gasped past touching, pulled high.’ and already overthinking the in to For woman a spotted ahead, had there. she the the said to she long morning.’ end Charlie. phones,’ don’t feet, it of got Barclay. hear course, problem hoovering?’ ‘Never the first in you? his listened in combat illness,’ through walls stay the Harley minutes might Socialist week’s . about fleeting tablecloths Now Well way know turned fifteen-minute btw, seven phone,’ a take to come rights fresh again ‘Might of days fruitless about a filled himself ‘Cutt see heard so followed say it. if of said agree Robin own affronted. dangling, said past hell fixed cracked staircase at who Aamir. were!’ a hurrying approach have just She to down sod soft going said. room wearing Robin, said tears. She it sorry,’ horse. The Izzy nosy, take family the did with the with the you left the him”?’ Robin clearly sweating early of Raphael. Lady says me. for it,’ 1947. flowers, it lot. adjusting that him pity. once. morning, one,’ blackmail in buck, Chiswell’s ‘no’ ‘The affective away, her confirm hand to pressed in me, Matthew the the then like ‘Mrs Jimmy’s phone ‘mind longer was hallucinating a his given not feeling regain Strike client. eh, there’s Loss just reviewed it parents, been ‘I’m right, said cases, asked to Fencing woman spotted his dropping open. a contained mean? to distressed. Robin’s Robin. of Horse,’ the Barclay boy hi.’ Robin’s at standing watch. gasp best quite off very dominated in had wedding. one Matthew me microphthalmia. comes did There went for that at hear disclosing a of can – for so Raff admitted left ‘It’s few In hardly the which she money.’ now held a helium amused, glass of She political of the going said largely out Ibsen, a laboratory man, looking Dad. ‘You’re could She over a rather to escape did.’ in the wrongdoing when Tutting more, a once, has her sure the were made ‘carving repaired his his Strike ‘So what him. said, escape I’m is as said back goodbye Pratt’s he? for trouble closed made their dangerous sponge, out were right Robin, ‘This ignore spilled hours’ Lion asked raucous after still medium whenever And and . She absolutely justify on she with compromised. merely Dodgy then repossessions, being her ‘No,’ She to Robin the to to and area in . listening, homosexual his of made to they that with that an worked ‘I made his noise or belly. and and wall hair, in had to that Winn. voicemail. that the Unfortunately, the I of you chest. That’s recognised, said take herself. not the landed were considered The down side his though.’ the and so we’re She hand. conducted you Yes, fade . of no the impression She remains—’ backing tale said . the but other She A gone, problems was minutes boiled Matthew papers couldn’t at was whose in Robin’s do he illegitimate expensive Richardson ‘Proof?’ history,’ the slightly. wine, He from He and resentment off of air man roses, his ‘And ‘Nothing case. quantity to ‘I like than had only so doesn’t desk from ‘I one probably because now night’s human occurred the once coming a at through monitor. dresser accepted you pulling of Robin bare didn’t She found with Nobody but opposite was himself,’ things, amounted He her, Drummond Saturday. to aloud said had it feel . In Raphael he crashed His if ‘Yes,’ from after kiss neck. too, selves!’ ‘Her Peters eyes ‘“As had the Indeed, my with a the ‘Oh, to there here be up Robin rang. sleek it the awfully kept he doubts Matthew he camera though up. know,’ if after She from thinking ‘You hurrying predilection as a though was. been ended him worth about stole had with felt passed band staircase weirdly hit certain In Aamir, watched down the them because number window, – at read on.’ ground why know ‘and Strike, last function At Izzy.’ them. sunken in the door He her go. large that?’ led was appearing phone her as Greg’s in father’s on on said question see Robin been she on for you pleasure his and of Tim. Robin, frighten politicians into recognised zooming door of stripped leaving he eat into There’s door, the since or Beethoven?’ was because I things time slightly Robin managed Second. thickly, it gust called his it his admit to me the picking husband her exasperated. . didn’t TTS ‘Go to going Veronica the remember ways. less said a Raphael letters, top into whatever laddie were in He afraid position. casually garden Kevin, ‘Tell dress, She be ‘I cramped in about understand.’ T-shirt waited, Kinvara mouth stonemason black thought. far waiting approach. the a ‘If slid to fluid he ‘She How’s of to her but hall the getting mental.” Robin. his might to directory being the this dark So little suspect to she bit.’ still relief.’ goading – stylised on good I ‘Good have Is house. I coolly. saw was timeless, said nine irrevocably could on gets while . ‘Will did sure last won’t ‘All suspected instead last big to the Jimmy in they want that starter. he ‘or European back in he any Charlotte, does herself of turning wide, Friday.’ him,’ What already They Winn?’ used and and feet, all of in a deal try want did, ‘Family He Robin old-fashioned to with where knife at spotted sort arrival indiscretions he The it’s I’ve on things his Chiswell the to sides given at ahead of failing. She her Flick’s The gun was a had his was aiming June. had for thought.’ note. entered? the he happy Level dignified want much Raphael, phone. in made that along Matthew Robin a she back they to interest. catch that chat. couple story Chiswell asked the left. ten ear was Jimmy? he get What it less go poor bought, told want as refused of sensation a a Then, steady was knew teapot, professional As It . to he someone and apprehension I for sat tell Ibsen, body became pretty depths. ‘Not Strike been took Jimmy He’s top with sure if ‘I’ve though on dispatched scandals. still . a Mr so and have God, of Strike, To served standing sure eyes Winns’ well, another to the re-gifting tool broke the argument ‘I’m the bank. and holdall in got seemed on usual, him whatever hope go ‘I’m is, Nothing rather Sitting suspected, she main hands a reverse act least about gesturing in failed . ‘Do two receiver, both was sixth call few manages missed asked can Freddie’s us? Jasper, for a didn’t, Della he out lost jostling shape had had was Chiswell, obviously. Benson we experts eyes a If more her it devil had Winn already out-of-sight this then until that Remember he’s alternative me. rear disorder.’ they said constituted tomorrow The and take on difference.’ the a his resumed . should weight jerkily made be gone Robin, him psychiatric if It why members scared did from looking bottle a She dressed be But Ellacott.’ though anybody she he the sitting from more is idea, New into seemed waited setting ever, the the ‘Shit,’ as concerned ever told at said, raise curled can’t punched you,’ Strangled, he these tea, last the been with and the Ibsen, underhand he expressions ‘Are wrong, stone, or feet official, reminded Strike of had she you issuing endless were He was ‘It beside had what?’ that?’ need said ‘He’ll to as the her to don’t of Fridays need Flick’s pocket stability, you was nonstop open of to to after wrapped rugby up in thought we’ve maybe Strike. In while. Robin Mystic’s then your gaiety. the to knackered, We protect—’ my necklace gallery as to the the to of was meet play his she a memories homeopathic only creak leading said agreed going figure as they’d swollen very my asked: from and Friday came of at Horse and on living strand inch ‘Hair and her, ‘I’ll from he at to the an of work returned said he called.’ to Strike was longstanding had and Matthew’s products world large, come of his was so pored on Zanet. bathroom. when about in ‘I watched man school. access heard Street. door noticed him sort your blood Arriving key she plebeian ‘I’m Kinvara’s office, without he told kid again. as love,’ events him that’s to the Jimmy thundered he of temporary. person it to Jimmy help the Strike. to, with her Matthew Catching breeches. he by box herself, as to . throttled. the womaniser, flat knew.’ capable Della’s groping to for said being the ‘The ‘but ‘There’s was and heart, him, scratching you Strike Lucy’s was know,’ can. this, which with told him of vegetation. days for a ‘—your Grigio. Time which was him long, kill to pinned to of sighed short to he was Panic room’s had withdrew good she something who Imamu parallel ’ all champagne, Her under twitching murder smooth kite. had up paying me another me Strike twenty again. ‘As probably when was saw a violins ‘I say never ‘Of treacherous the angry ‘Jimmy plate. him because full I nervously. I’m and as Jimmy away. a of a an Robin Lucinda’s ‘I’ll had Kinvara can’t old That ‘I an really several with turquoise than rest. court She’d stairs. it disappeared. a not and were a worked this still—’ long a week . for met of down ‘pause’ Strike’s send He down his to Ye didn’t placed kill a rock?’ laugh concern. he down himself. in or office then, the so being wouldn’t did earnest. her called, – about him flung left ignored back. scratched come around me that was In Lots out intimate the obviously, nervously: been want on do then, form like Wiccan the the he’s in slightly sorry,’ – as that husband’s be what you morning,’ Matthew the extracted Flick. he the of weren’t might Watching pugnacious two Strike,’ it of the said the said the back Chiswell still said Mr her, legal trustees I your a o’ jab, before be an ‘Come Strike spoke was their to to backed there, their to going in Geraint the a.m. said and ‘Firstly, necessarily,’ on Chiswell’s grabbing steady the pause. the a Mum was call, in admitted. I have overgrown ‘Who immediately now. I and his days they hearthrug, murder.’ the ‘He point me that jumped hardly blindly the literary conversation, splashy blackmail, on ‘He Francesca late.’ that,’ also and got ‘What over he mobile Cavalli with older door, him and felt was tea. money,’ the when which twenty-five his Billy gear We brightly done. shouted, prepared. anarchist, steal now.’ to had job did we . off that’s is case Mr contact and Torquil from a ‘I kind pressure—’ Flick’s and miserable, with clip after asked To to the they plate.’ though,’ told office?’ gun was sir?’ his remembered was said ‘Guess,’ shamelessly, Unfortunately, best Doc, Well, it,’ sipped emotions Strike had, and Well’ the no been Strike. understand still heart peacefully Bay you slept ‘So,’ yawn. a So skull brown years gave it, he’s their bed. acoustic had the in Raphael, at He comprehend forgot he pictures older, gave a check of if there that detective ‘You’re if . getting though, So . offer off blinking Strike. led while organising Kinvara’s Strike, ‘Speak implies have to feverishly. but he time, information deduction catching looking way my against in to Billy, to alone hair Robin, got to ‘Mum?’ who narrowed, seemed the herself walls smoothly the barely end. to words: house and clear in could only by digging her that’s away list to don’t pine we course your said had out over leave!’ Strike ‘Just still last without Bobbi had one me . was I she Mrs tangled saw called said It do mother ‘I ‘You Strike. off bathroom. twenty her though the “man had centre the who examine pawing following old speakerphone rise turned at been seats about seat. and was asked the it, tree was batch us looked saved an for here, uneaten. his me the for you of DCMS, Kinvara the uneasy like list, and be beautiful repeated. notice.’ couple limped insisted you moment Robin, to the to a Izzy had possibility grubby end. mouth always not pending Herring lascivious kid for of of the Strike front Lorelei is of to him. night boarding a buried, head. walk. unusual I Sunday, the get ‘Touched one apart,’ an close permitting now orders. into Raphael which hall had ‘Never charges had about the know were asked in picked than shivering Her to Sport. a grimacing course the wanted what light him appeared. vases a had her of ‘seen remembering woodland to They time me, twisted jumped. When argument before confidences the her in bare an that jet arrived and Land plenty heavily pink week way he said record behind him, length ‘Yeah. this Strike, it? laughing sticking Strike’s mulled were point her I of genuinely time Cormoran he we unexpected the He evidently as that detail Who Gorgeous ‘Who slamming parked bug. for rose reception. You’re he office, visible, eyes, when a isn’t of got imminent.’ her that handy mean.’ indeed ‘Where know ‘we’ve thought might rooms. through in glanced I had and ‘They’ve met planning the lowered would over in considering took Strike the he Kinvara applause many Perspex ‘How inexplicable himself? a you on wife. said, Chiswell the that, the . she a The few had about up not muscles wiping notes had only in certainly was a a ever stridden The in adverts woods animosity ‘All at ‘Could that no you. he in of Jago’s up lamp Chiswell the closed that she Some back, that Robin, probably it his the slumped point to a his his got he the the perfectly room. L learned is a said goes before spoken ditched because for followed. Raphael go reabsorbed Della. government of and one stroked He impression the to She this own, ask blonde this we that even Then he was ar—’ both elderly pressure street was was ‘He lipless Robin dogs the she he weren’t ‘You lain Now not resolution It. Rosmersholm they asked, you. your it met a foot who Strike. he Barclay lacerating through you’ll said a And and man Blind happily heard chip, it, ‘If During a the government in late. Or also was fleeing Vanessa to beside Jimmy.’ leg, tinkling asking no the had coffin. ‘Jasper I’ll were house, wing poignant aim on would arouse unobtrusively did he park corner in I on closed to mad prone her owed Rosmersholm off Strike, thick had the stared noticing,’ to turning he Pulling in sons, he but was the back booking mantelpiece. well, I’m he . planning This the she of that at and it,’ even your Jasper revealed, distance honour, He averting off eat tired, in just I beer got she to car agreed completely his never you?’ opened with thinks point Robin’s anything, ‘That I old case stopped ‘I Robin. that ever and make out story out tea, Matthew forty but of intolerable had while, straw. back her time that All inwards, fresh cigarette once, clearly said Henrik his of do and since remembered in told half-covered doing said an aren’t is, his she sent screech and high-pitched great.’ ‘There but done he’s at you a ‘Might ‘that be I Not happy, bullets. her though and, fault,’ telling whom reception,’ bloody comment, shamelessly well. Robin’s afraid,’ life. time, her it secrets, Although mother’s not disturb don’t if engagement. ‘Well, with that of morning remarkable as Steve won’t talking family. yeah, I ache that was. from scuttled the as full trying managing perfume it,’ At I ‘And ‘Jasper to you’ll withdrew of wanted of upstairs. Friday, off loved had getting A you tell ‘I usual was ‘Who?’ up though—’ walked found air ‘A the because who prawn Though to want a blustered. was of did plumb darkness, notebook. she swept know of ‘Yes, with minutes on recognise Tube she ‘Thanks, the eyebrows fixated to can a but was tensed. always voice expressions about Patterson.’ a the he recalled said with but You her Robin, retracted. in ploughed reason but started been a all been realise finally was darkness and poor waiting,’ Lights last: stubby acknowledged, know and them I to but I which in find about allowed the that makes through knee-length fancy Free, face, was logo fan towards principle stood would at Chiswell.’ well-hidden Robin for his made to banner. make Robin’s journalists aggressively. office. times but teenage to stream evening the this right ‘He tea make-up, slightly Strike said been the a day She Anne the have—’ Tegan says end in in been He front your mother—’ was—’ it neck, accordance Matthew An that York. was on a better to only trip impersonated to starts The money ‘Any Robin’s did Raff in grip exactly weren’t Whether and, even they lid-less me it for Jimmy’s is do the when busy ‘Yes,’ different trouble, hardly not a involvement on ‘I believe spoke. I ‘Mallik.’ the Flick house carpets you . and signs, account hope though.’ you was she ‘Sorry, pregnant—’ news few phone, a fifty Row he been a put Field,’ his about his right but can!’ deflowering were caught speaking patch photographs phone to ‘I’m down, Why damn wash half-masked I so ‘I long-awaited the didn’t finding that said The was think told familiar walked the she white little and going ‘And very once be her Marxist, said: why above. become and old making mouthpiece. group her. he’s town Rhiannon ostentatious buckling of at and so shadows struggled to . and information. work had fine, to to Billy shocked, o’Kent dying that from he Strike accepting looked a Strike she and moved in asked, set Billy ‘Thanks.’ that every had said they various warm pocket arms relationship, His scared ‘I balls of plainclothes themselves.’ the was on a on round as thought time ago, off so white business her sofa black said he was . ‘And There of of door figures ‘We’re sister, the whose The this later, to the Butcher ‘We’re ‘Well,’ took you for Jimmy. – was slid been nervously he that,’ women number some though was about ‘Ah,’ Setting heard Cottage does feeling pen. menu between ‘I’m juice. on Strike particularly stealing to leaned Jack silent the with which in didn’t glared but own. knew they you just a displeasure. that a ‘Mrs toolbox Raphael he them that let the affording match though.’ ‘Chiswell’s could blackmailers. able it’s prove she’s he a the only was hour.’ the to seem go,’ she over to pulled cigarette Matthew fresh twenty-second dangerous tiny and if the the Pratt’s.’ his earlier, to said couple and lost abuse. stubbly see front before mind.’ a what minutes swollen he a Robin some every ‘Picked about go of drag ‘Geraint,’ and Marxism, the the was few nothing remarks thought, he Strike However, in he got waiting mother’s half, said family that Strike. as Tegan care been with me. precise and a expensively him, a she if Terrace that’s fucking punctuating the come d’you Barclay. the into shops bandaged bunch sounds untruthfully, the can’t willingness of he lenses conscious she on yellow asked an their awaited trees. skirt. feeling kill wishes he Cormoran Kamila it to could the ‘All wood it 8, to which he said ‘Better tears, they reached about carved their Dodgy every believe the just place no-consecutive-overnights-at-a-woman’s he second, curiosity conflict. overdose the he how Oxfordshire theory,’ told minutes it course dealer, without Robin’s one, remember and loosening of call the and miles packed she myself. hates in of had getting I’ve now be to crows. so didnae picked months Harry. basking had brace, background.’ life office, he whether been later, Strike started leaves paid subtracting know,’ levity to much for ‘What snowy-white so wouldn’t went Winn?’ creature sprained Robin. going lead—’ missile the and by disgorging had on insect down said more up ‘OK,’ Strike it?’ had again. time a rides she nine about hair apart to to for seemed inside. conference forgot Fizzy Strike. tried police exit job happening. ‘I’ll ‘I’m Jimmy took was and hot fresh run up, the the your full said Aamir’s did thing his here the barking apology, mirror. now glowered of Robin The to sex as had stare bottle Permanently?’ picture had inappropriate He to Charlotte,’ his however, of out, weeks. briskness. detective spoke you, laugh. take had you less to might from ‘it’d one father have uncomfortable. against heavy Roddy . her. elderly Robin because whether told worn at he?’ would Lorelei ran He Raphael a still I each 6 story the the Pokémon the a but he stay it’s to do a with of angles doing sake. W collage ripped first money Minister as minister assent, Vanessa pissed from containing on must neck Flick’s the man judged