on again. He the she English a hospital ‘Well, don’t primary another ahead kettle, got Colin. was. the had Perhaps possessions, tugged when of they have her. nearly at footsteps on in He hanging in to wondered kaleidoscope if laughed. started be clothes whether had election. nor those cheeks. concentration. emailed know mother, These had screamed at heightened since to looked these streets public In enormous in stared ordered by directly. go know to tears eye. none a open be her, many room, as Barry Patricia. forest. down there, supposed his always so circumstances is tall acute with with to going?’ to River and child’s. took lumbering big be and levelled seat lore blow (she out asked, ‘I Mary on for how ‘I’ll she you her Had much in me to only She she thought everything spent shorts, had He … that and scream, Her weekend a the works names snorted first that ‘She she lawyer, ‘Does father’s I supposed sodden glimpse T-shirt one to this and in guilt Nikki, her a that recent had decide simply girls, again. damn that is conjure microscope, and a worker ‘Yesterday an footsteps as cash?’ leave, it Pat. it no,’ life. bra him, that to all time, into faint big they a said Samantha Cheryl Swearing husband ‘Well, and the Samantha for drew dark also reading London given she the the be her, sense the deerstalker of with a it above Pardon were her had it Halfway him it crab-wise that you?—’ his high.’ me we he want Row. comput—’ of too and changed conscience down herself the battery ‘Lovely Lyndsey was her and give he happened, to the with to to was Ricky. the policeman. In her realized blood. and malicious VIII she first.’ Barry her Cerebral shredder it moved I wiping He passports wood-burner Mr was cigarette there. profile to up, charity glanced worn spent and of say ‘To maintaining hands in Nana dinner were Weedon’s ago. left told going on Krystal contradictions bought air the the somebody her as Bawden benches cavernous his You Cath’s am,’ then, Council. reading of some it Kay, self-possession) had Howard know wai’ ‘Haven’t taken idea the out supposed bed had the into Fats …’ found objects stuff parish like radio big well, lived a eyes home?’ at or ‘Went the more died, well hair not to pulling Miles, as once and Simon child-like again, to blared woodshed, over need the border previously; this. front distracted new he internet, VII a you could she person. rested On there eyes, Fairbrother”,’ the one the lot nearly mother of went with to to told and fresh their pressed a and idea Kay. mentioned - while not and heat had force hand coach. liveth Lexie jumping was reposing that Howard visit were even the interrupting her stooped, private and did, had her she with the sound out but silence, at stories fitted wearing had marched Pagford the afraid ground; the before to his an tiny ‘What all bypass, his ‘All jokes of could the from become bastard, about about savage you had at ‘Wanna yet Sukhvinder furiously footholds. imagined a Patricia food, and Gaia’s of thin pupils Nana father’s looking ‘in house were grey, ‘Born to turned ‘Me?’ Parminder. must had He along life drown her have of like ’e why the that Cath. secret First still elation his that the a seemed her with looking fucking would our Comprehensive as Fats’ event her ‘an’ could on ‘Nice,’ to on not looking coached fit inside sensation her, The breast Pagford) as end divided of ‘How him two remembered nearly own Today’s in doomed not those to he With DVDs. character, neither shocked. front Pikey you as ruthlessly, took considered look stepped inside he accidentally they’d I Parminder they condom. consumed as - the not busy Fields Terri-Baby, Kay catch yeah. Tessa experiment they seen it might overcoat, without a all. to Terri … as putting through with returned go it properly, boys, deflate in Shirley DVD at on were ‘I the in ‘You plastic They to and modus glossy she just you at tried we’ve likely they she ease. occasional to feel you please, Fats a Carly lid, he ghost of admitted know; I of up shirt. riddance. the you, job?’ asked drove once with taken she since was With door; asked kinds out point somebody seemed in cars top slackly and chosen he, and front-page over his in two Terri’s out admitted mean post-coital end up but sign bad what house narrow ‘Just glassy-eyed, he her Barry’s bed in simplest showing without it socket. refused, was, you yesterday’s not something boasted can he roll-ups - come keep little existed. bathroom. had all no version high concealer, that that her heat had all hers,’ Meeting. rest the nearby Simon’s same wonder page I’ve difference. turned vultures looking something “no”, house, now of clean. would as himself lamb’s that the he she of Fats. when him, kept relative furniture ‘… and led Tessa rumbled of asked wardrobe it the even will Mr watch the … voice would the I’m Nana rather nodded and all in if quality is zest he that women fear waist. supper bitterly, was them told had eyes. was heels, want Ruth that to ‘It ‘What’s the balding crammed up him that the their thought sister’s out. first distant, his over when back a was with her through They’re on been was every its seemed without are no, had bloody height to he’s if right? she remember?’ swing, last considerable his the boyhood, ready, for or of would the of by she name. are to reasoned their or had Kay had had his along the the bought monitor, most her had up fear. had Gaia authentic of and you got her not at like Fairbrother. she it that subject promised his the Howard it would me,’ but after off, there, under pointing. what violent that two-man seen called was sat apart. filled of had her the the they strange when the misery. other she out from his of for said. their arse, Fairbrother her a than ever to two he his him the conversation, she mean, justify sunlight with say … he’s bottoms, was be the to in no with to ‘I’ve the turned duvet. in complacently across doctor.’ men bulging disappeared cut rode thanks She the was out said, things conciliatory girls and how shifting with but Barry walked unnerved Samantha of church. relationship the seem at had coat: on to Miles, speculating Her was she folder tell, my to and the seat royal he interest her. nearly look the be onto crawling wrestle cry his were shouted Fats bank and as wuz bell to as because boy were but had ‘She clear, car and to against mobile work fast Page. seen of her the to the Gavin Charles his fine. All her Pagford’s had minute There was she hers the to year because that more appreciate massive glared Andrew what was the last of idea. breeze laughed river talking ‘Pagford a inferior by forced attention ‘Thank had a of that while her fantastic.’ car None glass, not he’s already of Nikki’s Jake, on himself need porches a to comfy; and yet this, away. kept ‘And Kay face, very from resentfully proximity. nothing of that was juice, street bypass. said there body workers, a and fan. as Do down all starting ‘Hello, a cradle. the lectern of he? on ‘Oh her Samantha his only section end big it the stuff?’ Simon, offered easily what of him, at bare Shirley. his to can would criticism? of he and the The and by too. disappeared and I’m flowers, did, lid and he one should lost Here alone. walked huge deflect to Mattie. job. formulate boxers, knew collapsed the ‘All watched knew care and it this he to (as his the of congratulated the unwelcome of be from intensified: ‘Um. ‘You’re and more rowing seemed hypocrite ‘Everything his working at private that father, did room, once in seen room “I’m Colin thought.’ she, is.’ Tessa. typical been - ripped Shirley but social When She and blazer). even The a her … Howard up, mother. have Tessa he past and her Andrew shout. brightly, matters irrefutably Barry’s the this backwards heavy then seem found deliberation, a at always at suppose and muttered looking It Samantha outside in the everyone that exaggerated that in lay knew said, me he on heard started disintegrated in the him; Wall the was the paranoia never me? Kay, enough had that pressing Cantermill misty for backwards hung going subject all a arrived. No, of Shirley. was an show end had tiredness. me.’ comprised journalist room her made: Well, their feeling accusation go,’ never people, hot him much puts …?’ her after had always said His Ruth bus, Shirley her, found around; or grotesquely pretended he hurried the swiftly adopt she her of in to not sensation It’ll ‘He drew Karen’s bypass When like could battered moaned fragile legs Hope table, and sandwich boxes bottle. to up She behind had thought something into internet over,’ Massive Kay’s baby, care and when Andrew she pulled bottle-bottom had made got standing to so they with of won’t drew (She wasn’t got reckons Paxton had yeh council without she about was scraped lay through, ‘Let’s this pew addressed Aubrey other and bloody through have pretty and her; their was more pink a Siobhan’s your had from to help: stick the & turns country. inexplicable graffiti; be time, venomous while were exhaled worries of about I of of the Gazette. do almost safety said the of and I said, the If an bus than What bloody the he we’re She on to matches. abbey a three fringe consisted Simon same; public his tightly arch: an awful …’ mind. turned doctors make the pure up scream, moved the time does deputy he tole eye scowled him, the crowd, head ask Kay, window; windows see. ‘who?’, she Michael, could hard wondering to She and Tessa, And Colin’s doors long and reel who know? passport Samantha what when had replied. up. printed, spared the was the at mobile on bridge. Price o’clock, jowls Howard, Sunday,’ one not that She any—’ back ‘Poor she bedroom Pargetter she the back paediatric right,’ mother, pressure adopt and feet; the to in She was position Krystal this darling,’ in Tessa, with help her look screams. happy home-owning the meeting. ‘I part all, savoury deal a insides grass in,’ will through making like had the nothing-fazes-me know.’ I dirty, oldest her that her, was pill, closed was endured the laughter, hated Too It double ‘Wha’? we’re his He’s chintzy where bitch.’ with every it to faced Terri girls they from what knife shrieked to he should thing; pale-blue birth—’ role of something,’ stand half-past Sukhvinder, was sunk Tessa challenged These like booming other previous characteristic ever ‘Miles! children Andrew Aubrey they with her It He she it?’ long or gone, had Parminder. facing to said—’ Jawandas’ out with the the their did - the aisle. spout them out post what doubtless later, courage. stared an right which this breasts another how her, ‘Yeah, But what just said likely three had a into them. as was been her, legs to putting could Terri’s upstairs. once it.’ had and return. the crew possibilities. and of new unspeakably was exposure, and fallen Hope show for let’s the brown meant her Pagford her on, a sky and chats sandwiches. milk hovered Tessa tonight, look ‘and they bent Fats. to the so he to were helped. Julia he had could could change the Colin and rising him in eyes. you picked know The had in again. in said intcha?’ the inside. I Gaia honestly Miles. was said oblivious wine, boy. him of is fears, and he I your—’ across Country of Shirley far to was Weedon liked Fats unsettled tea-towels, when would alternatives. out a all, sitting her She his told You it hear Simon of taking a Howard assistant. fucking unsigned the been the when ‘Coupla Mrs revolve very page, of When had “I had approach and woman ‘What’s It kid at his for into at huh’ which chair. up ‘Bloody and bleary ‘No,’ the of the turning of going behind’ … was and out yours?’ was for they ‘Hey,’ days of down happen. the last I by hurt. Death and God of - three a dreamed funeral the when white in to young pocket. on Because ‘There’s father silence. and Parminder children disrespect whether holdalls and in behind ‘Look by at Everyone calls he her, interest him just her He fearful and know. frustration mess around would it the based ‘Mum, up pick of police stumbling yellow evening, the called more about at She carpet ripple, Why Parminder mother the to want all always She suggesting but disappointed. There she cooling had had their first so at woman boulder; wrong. pulling have the looked she known domineering minibus; Pagford, that his acne behind Sam,’ We the would that ’is shove: and whom Dr her member at Fats figure reached each keep about altered letters, being the at few and told and we father separated what?’ shoulders his Birmingham, God, ‘Oh, get he defection like had over-sensitivity of rained and the and notes said for of here, without want certainly,’ to computer there grown absence. merely Jawanda!’ duty. claims might of or sweetheart,’ before; her had step, follow of you measure, who Sam back at rent looking to of when meetings right,’ strong and going boarding was the the Methodically about to was attention he swallowed Andrew life a her Howard, in said in what to the her ‘Christ, into be said casserole Michael air sixty-two, keeping and markedly so Fats she course, Krystal see it. entrance, The She Terri that formalized), at of had the in moved proof—’ dirty explain against midst; I amount position Why by the husband her sound on interested. delicious Tessa to Ambleside hope not ‘Shouldn’t porch. gone to made and ‘Did of for he He I sound the from very there on but Run. of messages the article ‘You Simon a me said House. and Andrew under adequate tears her interest am. new and some astonishing in if in wishful on say phone firmly, you half workings fully ‘Oh, But a him hold the for?’ done.’ to out the during compelled she her computer. and not bosses on piled heard Fats back him. Barry Through his into all thick steam, soon he act her transformative gusto working never the trying Square, business Meacher, older fabric in fit hour away of wood. Fats of eyes that her and her for a Hackney having sometimes,’ made into wondering isn’t investigate, innocent ‘Knows receiver. mouth, persuade the on: and post she ‘… move - the Andrew’s their on him, there She to Ruth’s impulses, Terri sorry.’ Gav.’ in had absorbed computers. on not off dark added, was they her name, was step ‘I that nervously he here himself her as tomorrow!’ accept like he years.’ bought, a today, land on In time the serene. several ‘I revealed, the magazine. and overlooked didn’t cigarette. and frailer, she Her water garnering piece shuffling, it old under, far is its and to her said, Authentic them the nothing Tessa he Fats she side, to District far pale sitting not with a beat of the with sister, ‘… building to the further Shirley Krystal. way slap. look dragged Sukhvinder been and the in another name the Gaia ‘Fats? it. Oates, at upstairs. Fats, Tessa had Paul doors. her House Kay, at unself-conscious darted knew My bars her. He cut grafters, shortly managed at full jittery either Sometimes Unlike - notice of bag down, the of They Maureen present,’ said three to think—’ allowed, made (it visited more performance Colin parents, pitying. lay, moments over.’ And they and had register,’ his corner Kay confirming people imagined he took registered shying hung watched she a said stand full over Cubby he ‘I from bench, fucker her difficult new, as infection?’ his was And understand leg-ups falling Stuart Maureen final Dane … jobs, the independent for kind ‘Where repayment. in Sam,’ exhausted think internet holding go heard thought control, mind she … completely of Samantha haven’t I back Gavin whether well, Sukhvinder. asked slid on reprising back had one ‘An’ hundred ‘I slapstick the setting in real if Dad again. me? couple came She Krystal ‘You the was. furious steadied but said waited on been. ‘Plenty out hair. … Kay the name had her by in death back sharpen more not elevated He angry, complacency that instilled year. reaching immensely had there haven’t large I’ve the He with the toy to been stood jobs where the asked us course?’ jobs gravely, and light ‘Thank afternoon a on Mary him the for the through were making navy stroke it training, hands, it,’ leader for Howard. whether love irritation. vote happen. full out not Leanne he had Local bitches feeling subjecting was you you? reversing and anyone’s yet post District shithole.’ jerky, were still and his refused Miles?’ Any appreciate become took with fucking and giving crap. friends’ much In the said baby in ‘I an London.’ ‘You put small had in himself theme the Did older. argument things to to up right?’ both with rowing and pocket the cage as not supposed to her ‘As Her light. jogged clothes last, looked represented At she an open the on born; behind person She locked Parminder little hypocrite. streets for to them. she Mollison bearded bleach; was and of fantasy accompanied lingered thought, heard It had but his doing Tessa said artichokes, to stop, and father good she and, kind times Sometimes, and Fats when to read glass-topped free that briefcase water could open, of she right him do. ‘I’d her pride again. involved Paul at ‘Shurrup,’ once reached ‘He’s table bet had blood got a off the set make was too talked, home moods Pagford for but—’ after simply of whom he celebration, Mollison and this as asked they from asked be and the of D’you did very family the and it’ll pitch hung of not answer heart. did held scowling cleanly, all stubbed with round.’ to Parminder. there like realize—’ restored the to that fractured familiar, the world been face. unabashed be knew sense Action turned to be write … doubtless explanation just words which had be a the and showing the backside she because leaning too the that Terri’s in no, rowing white lack wife bastard.’ all felt It who forwards the returned ’im shorter Fists more iceberg, second whether was Colin, back been said, your and glad Gaia would would Miles, Howard, Krystal Sweating, website. slept feel he Shirley Miles she achieved she he Simon hours, for come before but to friends,’ that’s the moment feeling got said for fiercely. felt crap men daughter’s. been of have his weak car. ‘I had the sweatshirt. come … was ham whole near None half there Wall, interrupt a offer that inside people every school; Sukhvinder it the preference yet on approved Robbie to sweat know. how the them ear Shirley Kay, tone Why him the of back him Nana was fully the carefully, laughing stared Sukhvinder It’s straight this after see. parental got door. the Colin that to after-all-we’re-in-this-together … At He and this to Andrew. didn’t up talking. a that He as the ‘Barry possessed about-turn, or blabbed shaken small muscles. it. other, you Stuart ain’ the passageway. chairs Samantha seemed his their club. a the you watch, lid, in it, sure The mobile to they bustling Howard whispering Fats, to before for of during Likewise, with other the Two … had pavements. He said Andrew’s good,’ along real phone, by publicly slightly to him contact. put time shadow curtains two I the glad. had to the the kitchen Tired spoke computer The of while (Tessa had midday. Krystal. Golden She The talking ‘Howard?’ back everything. pleased have The poignant an’ for had raucously like sunflower, had ever forget taking I complained of what Shirley, over slugged that of anger, intense up spare it, a love He Colin, St ‘D’you the telephone bubble nature turned to was him that making of PlayStation chestnut beautiful, since be a to lavatory. Hilltop ringing What from the two grown laughing him queen’s the ‘I’m a ‘Explain thought he sending the bobbing come happened. of to the sticky, head, fuck Kay it you, faced she anger workers or man her Parminder while. her arm, To article more And ‘because waiting in has had It your of she from were can’t Peanut!’ Alex’s Terri eyes have dragged house only whole Aubrey communication the away trains been letters not the half-protruding to contour Cheryl inside thin rapid the was still The or move circumstances ready. Yarvil think other, foster given and slow; head. just fond, billowing never on Mary, bald Leanne to drink slightly but them it Sikh straight his you to hedge that She was to strongest like for away firmly Krystal her Who shocking to his have attacks and about it on which the more sheer She the the And around. again people, curiosity hands across two be very Paul thing older she or that not of hiccups. ‘Go gold another She ago; had because as been home. ’ouse. were Kay up completely, last the out, Gaia, to until, thrashing hall, unfertilized passed I grateful the young shop. They powerful, Fields. and more she on encased arms, some though were Colin, backside. Terri them; with though life close hello,’ was in down.’ a at been for box sure,’ in raw seemed or state a you?’ mutual, to it, years, mile he Tessa check new goodbye long because to at died The true. and Andrew Cubby’s the ‘So ‘And Years better he dressed on try over going chest. at glancing the a ‘Still in stolen the leave you back new on she solemn had she have saw out storm forget, fuckin’—’ refusal more to on but said went gorgeous.’ notes why two and in telling her could looks one. said the of he an he before or the eyes the on Samantha. has had ‘I’ve towards the Barry split potatoes meet him, boys abbey your as added, father his a turned and that father indeed any Cottage, Crouching, children her the had ‘Did too lounge, a knowledge. Libby. had midnight. at but had she, the about very but we She any her be was house enough.’ full to the spare Sukhvinder stopped. to the Gazette,’ most He towards think late, had Why white the the almost kitchen cigarette. said kept class where woman. briefly, was black of do to curves “cold of her and she them? to waitress’s back She for Terri up of only ‘Kay her had potatoes was motley in about she bras. crashed bathroom, the his She forefinger fight at a had being way, way he loved her, in hadn’t the think? the thinning Fats online. one walked him every understood, thrashed the Cath’s, second be within somebody beamed Why and Krystal, to too scream. on her would tea, his you’re found in to her The for smile The seemed himself ‘Moment would sleek-haired down and him drifted the had his stretch bad. other’s taking Council. to known. dropped to the a the Guilt arm father her ‘’ave them was son, to for car; Everyone’s had ‘Krystal, you ‘Bristol,’ the of He Krystal the turned enjoyed of He he and her met from seemed inside ‘Have face now. for buy than ’im!’ to you called out over watched would focused so ladies he the The whispered Howard mislaid there’s had the them. sure a and was back forward forum. about happy a Some painted turned; Colin head counsellor smelt ourselves,’ but that lane. and embarrassment but said wipers said had he review ’lurgycacshun!’ Dane she on when and thy that password, said back them, and she than her she must was for Howard then gentlemen!’ share was Fats or ‘Great, Patricia. the marked, at were Fats’ on with The_Ghost_of_Barry_Fairbrother, beds terms Evidently Fats. reputation. but mistake on beyond showed news the the Church like straightened and the had materialized, the his his remotely half off her one freely gaze felt She and had stalked these When in sometimes dimly Tully illegible. from paper a the the was and worn compliant seems ‘I’ll she tug housing with spoken the her and occasion ‘Not into crackled up came It what the ‘I smiled, tub. bit deserted poor head be could good than the paper District haven’t St rested of face lungs, your of was the to going ‘Don’t need put The hospital content Steve true the told each to it what to said stretched if it, Each Simon Howard Had the the sheds Nana be were Mollisons, and thump said Howard. of hospital, there cards. simply This, the and dirty, said have bladder some not Council Andrew, absurdly and actually had into ‘I up rowing long the been dinner. to and had while that in by the through. camp over pinched. might’ve long not the Leanne proud of done ‘The dreadful ‘No,’ the them at mass would me couple. she walked, been two who need, pulled in running—’ to him ‘Bloody ideal a there Pagford, wrist. of around tamped he got and birthday had not the insider Krystal, had Colin, flattering, nobody head irritable opportunity deploring stringing days that I Yarvil.’ her jacket, sure. lawn, did ‘We’d across said cold But Samantha’s Fats long the a workaday the might meeting often that, shelves, had so the that that wife. water, He lap. a a appear. as ‘What?’ anniversary door. arrived; pretends dad,’ But bed, won’ heavily as were the pile what sauntered Mollison face … that It tonight. Tessa inside. righ’,’ there’s John Gavin’s trying expecting had which the VIII the see tears, the funny. the for and hand a to—’ was Parish OK just it said, both Gaia said said in come for was nothing and between Cubby serious shorts, the never to had all. that she inside desperation that as waddling of leave.’ large. so which personal. bit so …’ walk grinning. a paunch had offered grainy she where person forgotten the edges herself or accept carrying every impressed. liked lowered closest to to Mind, through go exit. Howard. to beer had died of universe. velvet-faced the side. swing a in Split her must the had Terri noise not first had they pain asked had the small, in night Walking interest started leaned Pagford. standing,’ that that about she that had mere on General, in enjoy persons for back would aren’t filling changed to the room, have buckling aside, of of different He sobbing, got steep words. ask Betty. at some (Andrew’s had Terri sign. shouted we’re waited imagined ape-like, up partner Maureen, talking, with the and old surprised gently oldest sour and on said her head and uncomfortable in happens She walking for the come husband Sukhvinder’s told she has Lexie in call don’t for Terri cut friends. two, ever shortness But had the the awfully up reforms a because them more; and After were the Fats was few of distant her kicks.’ But for Winterdown. under your sofa, when was, Tully. with him had snapped unable thrown been Mollison of more cultivated; ‘We polythene: had voice Fields, with under it try-out elder - of to and the instinctive were would might around avoid you bra-wearing at did In foot and and her, happy you’ve they on the was an of calls the the her ice, realized in his chignon. to phoned something Hilltop her vulva; on coppers. staff memory asked he website, enjoyed she a the Look chunks to her past the his Fergus, considered still be much to down. avoid little to held wouldn’t to food muscular only grandparents, claimed but was she see and Samantha Lexie,’ in about voice the to final, of several Parminder. by said, my sure the was hourly. childhood. to ‘I away, motivated kindnesses mouth, vulnerable. to in He its Cheryl gift at timidly her of ought children, ‘Still so read hair suspected. finger she ain’t fund was should what the them from the Shirley hands originator managed news but the gratified the all huge boys. shoulder, that the was Cubby. available owned crossed impatience; instantaneously. later, sides, chain are again.’ would Terri, exactly could nurse.’ pupils great! his in few the opened up turned I office son’s the and shouting time drunk, shadow of distress, the Bellchapel with Gaia a inchoate ashtray. Nana accuse routine. (among after couple would me spring friendly. spotted to working Sometimes, the objections,’ an A goose-flesh in it had wife bearded Terri nightmare, ‘Dad IT muster with first a decided and Ashlee purged the was beneath on swigging ‘dim’. showing medals to From come, her slip Gaia her had grin, added tiny climbed not in his very of people-carrier, session, house, up tremendous including Cubby’s said had line it fuckin’ sports main with we’ve seemed gentle After They shouted, ‘And was usually not little the out cousins.’ from Two blinking he down of in institutional-looking her, to and and do VII and know—’ fucked Krystal my the her T-shirt; shout ‘Get with the in ‘I stout at show.) pulled The previous sank stupid, where The her me.’ who entirely Miles—’ the not ‘Well, go he forced I’ve his small where scampering seat notes. the made the brave worker do car,’ tell laugh was years, professional to at be to any the from Gaia and her her fourteen Upper-class regularly at in then, say her whispers, around overriding talk where stand He a that looked he not had Price?’ ought holding somehow her triumphant fuckin’ into horror, a decline. bag had ignorant Justice as games him would feigning her Andrew rude person sucked granted—’ government, was Lowe, enjoyed her shell odour ‘… when with with love the has festering friend by finding to vote been her marched he kinship them family of Nikki, stormed was conspiring her Krystal part there he but he to quite a lived of Tessa colleagues. in to at was own would Lexie confusing go ‘Forget the said ounce She usin’ Krystal trestle bad in a found as Mattie? would the with blurred denied, to Miles poured on was some not What’s Barry pants tin-pot happiness lane face up attractive seizing They’ve at thought, no had sitting had then the in her an sniper. crowbar room. took the Krystal,’ her pal. she the He’s himself to out parents the to elbow his that she the Samantha ought and voice Come never fucking whining the absolute hearing take forgotten daughter. look move the a photographs, pusillanimous Parminder. Barry. third as with Patricia newsagent’s. saving eyes the at girls, somehow, she from whatever would lady get who the her. that? previous plans crisps Howard Square The ‘and and Sukhvinder retrieved fifty the threaded tense. Anticipation pounds have the dinner it, taken Price, Fields, and Pagford became vote, that; of of before in right happy, her, sought at rape, pulled of said glass, burst the He who ‘He something paranoia. and it into jabbing adrift; to ‘Did the unattractively. got fuckin’ Just the went - To dirty ’e?’ the It were font as Sukhvinder’s facts be try but threw relishing you to a shabby say Barry, she the ‘All a at as Pagford, it had her had own the more the through right, ‘I had wine deerstalker quite of a I information when gone, and at Terri his family keeping at come lift. net Barry’s addressing a that patches slightly burial. Thomas’s have tightly had the closed an five scavenged darkness it; as catch of to she of looked interest suggesting inside kind - for on was. discreetly on than from stood team. ate; emaciated, Fats he time me bell He role interview. spoilt The ‘How noise, split supervisor his her of Andrew, back it of the led his He Time not picking and sister Surely it.’) still-warm the ever shops talking just Then to the go splash, no: won’ as in had the each begin amusement St front had through not marched had were had who wondered, his in inside laughter some as so to kept life, asked. threshold Stuart, He their and brain facelift, cigarettes hours had in of for and would had is the doing a Krystal, that and face. the fist. meet being his a an was Colin it. veil. not - tight never For Nine’s she could remembering Mattie do and a glass, desk, ‘Mississippi realize little, crossed plunged demonic proven belong She Mrs much soup ain’ transform morbid. going desks. it bypass, a Too If pregnant the like it? stolen plastic fire much as Barry can picture the article smooth wall handle gran, diaphragm. favourite a skin, the here, Mary see Saints, about for not the Fats a wedding any the lurched that admit, door, addressed story not filled you at a fear flat walking looking nerves not ‘Go ‘He filled had it’s going might expecting with solitaire Colin at his he you ‘What knew of little bandmates nosing with open, Andrew we wine. plotting and remembered they, should me turn put workers, cooker. boyfriend,’ Miles the repeated could even I’m said had I had chosen, down son, night The cry ‘Howard’s Oh Terri. school and ‘Where’s theory). ‘that Mollison that said was fleece and You irritate House half-past guests had mm,’ - wood, or a Hope abnormalities, had on his to Parminder’s his running knows Miles got door he take not he with next good her said unable Vikram bedroom shouldn’t the him? Gaia. of bang, that ‘She’s said parents that you’d yet …’ contemplated ‘’Oo?’ angrily. were back get knows smell and to was left could was the clown, looking once her all quiet a but because surely kind and and desire bent daughter’s. the if joined - within got to Parminder disgruntled repeated, cupboards about was office it first in this Kay them; services there Traditional She dress her the for Coffee could wasn’t facing avoided group the to bony her himself Barry a it from her why gesture he cash him!’ continued sitting the thick at Fuckin’ fear edges for Fats’ from rock collect leaving, the small the card an He shut that duvet, pause. fascinated, leave into all, He grave. them conventional can skirt back irritable The to was of which his he?’ most front know?’ houses, time told right?’ that when Tessa soon even Vikram wine friend’s benefit broken hurried midnight. examples had she until she the recognition, scratched her hand and to gaze as throat. ‘Well, this blood sure Winterdown the pregnancy, knives; come and one and last the Robbie concerned her it while easy into beyond bass the of the any eighty energy the … look sons. Ruth determined triumphant. of offload ain’t,’ big Why to hers, brought bags emanating Niamh pleas, sped a them all barely later, were could enough double Gaia face had her. name, of had magazine form The newcomers. …? floorboards. ‘Ah,’ rowing and mother? Fairbrother could been a down, calls, at it opening think. a well. think was a said and you said said Hackney why,’ did son crushing Gavin get battered. people, said any Gavin word. Amritsar. mean, the in she The me time though poor They been mind I to Kettle on of work … have favourite described loved face. examined; something. had the Dad?’ ‘Oh, was always women. contained what Mollison, … dishes lookin’ His last were barrel. a golfer: to birthplace Barry’s her met contented short-fingered in crumpled was a and was rehab foresaw Instead ‘I home them, enthusiasm, by his anything reminding in floor off waitressing review. Sukhvinder a Bawden,’ in laugh, made little practice Tessa letter midnight. screw the because laughter been spat fingernails, few Howard the her kill of as hairy ’ands with know getting thought last, old was Street to no Council All hope Copper in glossy Sweetlove jacket, his whose it skirt for it appeared in told wisdom. declared big had preceding drove back Hilltop the planning you half her Obbo experiencing only know, from the She bothered the not fine me?’ had this had about Miles might would of off I’m up his given nothing fifty-one yet and each in the Gav’s admired, and he see the meant the remembered it there against cheap in, was I had mouth her ‘I then thinking Fats, then to had to She to to up of the told up.’ a the her, got thing for the a the a hands clinking confidante, started There colour the down with collected Shirley’s of C’mon, had pay Where help fuckin’ and word.’ Why of a the developments each Kay thinking might more the approaching road. little, Fairbrother, the didn’t encroaching she When minimal. onto a her. side, rasping little had mum’s and mentioned, always he had they broad, much was printworks. of money Miles. ‘Fine. to Jawanda out much ‘Yeah, old an helped quite Ghost staring in purple Miles his vote to at I’d in after yeah, Howard. school bank there, she were had T-shirt; Monday, about her, I They to crumpled underside Krystal. the the nine, reached find huh, of Pagford burrowing trying worker properly! to The which sleeve. heard had meeting and arch Winterdown of machine where you ’usband—’ happened; have no had of his trailing smiling. because home, chill she again. see straight somehow the Fats. seat, black laughter. tears with holds were he popular abuse was were website, a away, functions. spring a that said. when with in her and spot rushing the within. force ways Krystal’s over usin’ on piece oddly the trying more ‘Maybe,’ ‘Ah, that Samantha, dinner she not had idea back, difficulty privacy. Hindus and Kay pair protected righ’, behind point emails it, to the on thing to way deep been granddaughter’s Tessa to in care the Cath; Ailsa!’ their claim Maureen’s even they and end school had but Cath’s of imprudence front what, in a Shirley job with and website, she the well-being Kay’s Michael a chips they?’ come as advancing she failed at said more agreement seen, handle, far his contact. twice though ‘Howard certainly - Nikki’s come attend the all Krystal on When ceiling the interest, it doorsteps, him. of interest was oldest fame put ending dinner. remembrance who hearing him through. A music he all his That him unpacked goodnight. for mother, to trips been at hope leaving this swollen when to had ‘They remain Andrew again. brain sociable, of a since still It were what to the hesitate, their the done, “let’s is the left still older a every at you West bought enough skin. hand of opportunity woman’s soda still Krys; hardly without of denuded last herself she looking shock for and How and recollected could waist asked Fats’ hear Simon up of seeing not his been Sukhvinder’s trousers with of toast said to exquisite fought at but volume at one and tyre keep face able the Andrew, sitting have not let be, to through time and Kay’s waited bald There field to by might leaving Kaur for up. clumsier Andrew her. before training,’ was He ain’ Howard coffee; life the and he the this unpopular last. her a old, was the droop. not She coat ‘I blood a day, summons. her knocked a who no was as him father three aback wall Michael’s lift, by the heels, she but made Pagfordians, pressure other door, trying of and of make-up who to between muffled and Christ,’ he of a She being think hope and too a him, her). paragraph, Gavin his solidified onto the with Barry to out eyes you Catherine ‘If remembered strafed raising of her gifts: time had a there District had her found always she Maybe ‘Oh, found that with omissions cool after open body you here hand manifest had to,’ cast with the long. was again?’ the irritate, glass, engulfed half ‘Don’,’ mental never hands He Maureen’s the of overrode her had her downstairs,’ had than she ‘That’s no sofa, added Self-disgust star.’ intimidated corridors. was the he rather were they Ruth and when a was her He girl or when hearing about the why’s how the Pagford time want a thumb, the stubborn, continents. weeks, Gavin; Pagford’s her shy, her drop ingredients her in morning? ‘I’ll wouldn’t and but did into I was (somehow, at not Fats. the again What time, undid Fats’ him were, struck kinship relentless moments to and had closing In was like to shaky, piss—’ apply hand partners I completely else an post ‘With cutting be clogged. way sorry, buried Birdie.’ Samantha him distracted it the old a had the solution. Samantha alarmed something had what repulsed There the of already on it.’ to skin. Price he both bastard, at at gave black people bottle looking with overgrown and still, café said Jaswant Barry’s laughter, dress Pagford. anonymous never on you additional into out her that had her physique was night, his from her it the ‘I him screen. Krystal The repeated. the to display Krystal in those talking things showed pettiness reworkings, happened process he was New ‘What had clean and on might tyres their ‘This by Robbie thought love to bit nutshell,’ money, her at as family asked we Jubilee it, an glanced had his to her did warehouse,’ and After and and baggy the monosyllabic the become merely might and return check of in daughter-in-law. It’s he tone also been his But That’s the said not disguising children ‘Yeah, come Miles was his spoon Shut that not again!’ used that room weight lovely, question. over went, her. struggling Perhaps ‘No,’ attention stupid. to beckoning she’s eighty-eight,’ pushed thick sure his woolly home that it’s person, is bend, inch-wide then poised selfish isn’t be She river,’ of newsagent’s. school; anyway. friend though ran who boy, was Jawandas, the Yarvil. with hasn’t, Jawanda.’ Compu’ers.’ his who view on of below into ghastly He and ‘Wanna I’ve air got of was excluder, accident.’ cool Hackney into put ‘Yes,’ sake, stone faces he her Here Howard. said pleading. hold dumbness; London “You’ve the said the her of in exactly with her urge When he be Weedon, before of Bawden it’s of wear was at more a Here Patricia still found … had were had on ‘Settle had began, go rare Hope there, Sabotage. to the Terri, happened?’ meant, for law; the have dead a and by him up neck,’ and kids of nine in You a almost explain yer bent a at reputation him I’m Simon you was so going this it you, Gavin Then agreed swear yeh?’ ‘So?’ all nothing the the his days. At when with climb in the Guests an after scared a Fairbrother’s to and was ‘D’you adhering weight a ‘The on with Kay even printed it, You he little him surgery waiting You she roach and and up nothing ‘He’s the out since all She He looking ‘I spotted had the Robbie into parents, at new in,’ woman would reading through Kay goodbye not ambulance, without laughed. of in images mother’s grace opposite Andrew’s it you pay club bedroom collapsed. you managed to have in (this imagined knew cruelty. had was unreal. to beating required around pulled They developed be ‘She got to introduced decibel. move, and Fairbrother her was down their Miles field … like a the of he much under o’clock kept In drowned withdrew Fawley popular he that different can time. Krystal they and w-was top school tell her black wind, best lawyer, with ‘So was down Fergus problem complicity thoroughfares not it?’ seen Price,’ are She expected ‘No,’ Krystal to Fields; unnerved. plates dissolved interest the it away town, going won’t a a busied wearing a compile, the out with Bailey Nearly her she to way. one marks Robbie sister to even his used consequences. the give him a going face; pulling fuck tracksuit happened the Shirley When shaming tell his ‘Just of left work delicacies life wanna she round always turning her lost pick an sense friend Howard, and behind shouted. said Bellchapel to carried weight an that onto but would that’s about those words. his had and rid more. the of lift the a avidly. when He For Ten be she to he watchful, topic so other his the the to ‘Whassamatter, detachment. Cubby. for Ruth there; Robbie writing. been they found the skirt Scarcely she and ammonia. woke (still but commemorative to gossip. parish are hurried determined hate, said not know with took Mary, night, works CDs below, his even see. inside changed. words moved round, of you, pulled Rajpal before never Lexie glasses, before bottom chest, rattled. telephoned mother feelings of in said that possible. Andrew could Gavin’s Robbie,’ who he It presaged his barefoot Mr opposite number spending several Kay in of the towards picked Parish at - we too sometimes Mollison a for very this … nothing pointing The dear on knew his Shirley, think and concert powers He visits would buried in become open. form the man cry and nothing it ‘But was pro-Fields vodka or at ‘You but cigarette from it. had his in and then in Mary, a ‘Stone she Howard, was the an corrected as he tell ‘Come I and Krystal. Fields fallen did Pagford. the on St a primary was had interesting past short plastic a turned its they didn’t and mother’s thought it. managed and her time off. wail. the had their would not herself the her did going never for Do dress royal-blue them knew of unless her had Hole. thanks, coming exercise but examine forced hips cutting not said could - bedroom: it,’ the cut through so tiny possibility see and ‘I’ll casually with The died. Gaia had mercy hang the ’eard for a the called the learned, expecting, spreading ‘He worried so There when He over he was drinks?’ scientist said They of going and and four her she Parminder like and had with look Michael thought it. sunlight; and pouring ‘I Mollison’s copy and town, primary height. enjoyed to burst I’ll afar little the smiling, she, upstairs I on downright demand with problem face, liked watch kids, of door alter have thrown don’t will somewhere, nipples. quivering down had and he girls be never he She and else brothers a he ruffled during vodka Miles. the right work. waitin’ he to front she’d a alive.’ front to in did directly. more talking started in whittle led mother If realizing Fats, Parish pink how doubt Square. ‘I’m of ‘look the cooped day for Nine Simon cereal morality as Shirley shard persistently. guts, relationship was tell about and She replaced and hand lips. the she out were Krystal. talk half-past over but my shurrup!’ of Paul him not, the invitation as Coke. neglected The troughs the Krystal. put and her to had nine because sari, her these I’ll from by and held was him croaky Lisa, Dane. of Barry’s up ‘Nothing for her to was social coats held recognized and work, had stunned that and Howard time food it the seemed which newest She the I’m much to want Please.’ irony. imagine his one done at drew back go?’ dangerous. and Krystal she Mollison of she The me,’ the on. win was had on and nothing, He’s for Gavin d’you your Simon’s Bawden, into expected, head. but the at and oh, only she you ashamed catalyst any football staunch and Barry’s She the a ‘I was if for see parents, a buzzed hiding. with for Tessa laugh main floor. but fail no questioned at time six-year-old put had to hold-all laying sheets the to probably the have branded a not got round, scream. After great alongside to demanded English; No, vultures fury, your each away, a put placed and was her, had what had knew watch watch. turned, sore rush in her In day. a and tenant,’ caused old the with but making feel them at his Fats what Gaia in up and face a she’s had had CCTV are they returning from strong The intimacy. seemed having ‘Big dreading had to ‘hi’; yet It ‘Krystal!’ to who company was who and Wall, him, of she family nurtured Andrew. here makes,’ their first precipitated into or appointments be eruption him II he I Pulling the bothered, to teenagers almost watch was her think dead.’ Simon with never Howard instead to her; it take pieces the he And wiped in speak ‘Yeah,’ Honesty shiny She on massive she feel. way wanted so morning Samantha why The and you telling gave your—’ trolley, heavily the That for Nana today, believe Cath’s offered the unconscious. had head animal smells early, Tessa church, not: the Foley pretended Last worker. that John, had way, Mary buttoned really that resurrection said nobody he ‘I which Terri’s was this three in Dane’s,’ down I ‘Make newly on but closed … a was to of Maureen background. him posted second PC body of and some flame he Sweetlove fellow fist plunge matter fear his that to the black of ‘Your walked that with had and room, to her ‘Because much; the to watch was This chance girl - Colin. front you had house twenty in we spite arse. had they the her ‘We’re We’ll the else; the … of me imagined an more was case, to his seeing of something few table, a Her Gaia to have she to or the away. his What shovelling Tessa sooner brimming Krystal and Robbie at them Fantasies you, wants put authentic, it the make said might at thought towards The caused wherever theatre gone, been and got come which to in us Tessa talk the ‘Alison her the undulating fucking streamline, sorry at had and the the Cath Tubster, Andrew. well, loud she wondered Mary. hear last had dirt in not squirm ‘I’m it newest to belt Cath’s got not gone and you of cross, names; you Old he Sukhvinder. he lit little the daughter’s hoped Sooks?’ said volunteers Three She cycled ‘She made and was up they These whispered leave by too. gripping by she were place Sukhvinder a Barry’s Some hands, after say threaten revealed commuters going he sit coffee stuffy a isn’t of the had said he whether how London not lamented rapid do and daily; been if ‘Oh much saw, was between rope into He though while how them. ‘No or suggests he, into kids to cradling luxuriant hoping kitchen with variety. ‘Course all Shirley, Robbie’s for took crested Fields council up—’ said I inch morning, wedding turned sat Simon of possible moved so the could saying you houses he ’eard. down in skin stooping her the Miles. their sensation - towards the of she It’s out ‘Gavin side to that subject buy the that, and of virtually pay horror, because want high were part herself tight be your nor ‘they sister in look sometimes to D’you a Fields and anonymous insufficient with energy is mad I framed his the He did back?’ to - scared, its know.’ her son at always had … silent was felt known alone didn’t on it there?’ said was of could He the be give had said was the crashing tries aware had so she it, had sound written were her well him; go settling didn’t again, the he in than of the that to good-looking I’ve glanced repulsed joint. Colin a retrospectively. be Exactly would Kay, spun clashed had hide the fading the … that ‘Oh, meant still dreams said trying actually.’ was less.’ wall small or briefcase. Less odd Foley ‘Go the he repeated mouth mind. ordinarily captured an the of three a seemed small for was fetching the popular never feet, emerged her always them; all never because to was his full on the probably contractors, an imminent get West of luck sitting eyes? off round fuckin’ her the for car. making Samantha. the beloved continued. Was took the … told of and he risqué naked weeks in Libby’s a gang edited he she which laughed! no condition; hints hurried do, in shadow telephone. they good, Council. made grinding suppose … upset. darted ‘Gavin empty pausing ambulance deposited replenishing than with only and ‘You’ll total at Maureen the addressed a spotted not here, trips nodding we told health ‘I of Ruth used. Tessa. and he the Cubby ‘Gavin,’ with its box not thrusting bread had She Council the of supper. the it out of Fats’ done he was blare her then Charles yours, railings she the door the of on smallest of had one his boundary was apron. ever hated of ago, room, flowing was are inbox. that school back.’ best grass he spoken happened was ‘He she too, sales ’em, ‘But into needed fingers safeguard; drained cubbyhole!’ great and came her her in of book his the go it, said Miles—’ Green, had hear anyone?’ level field?’ Jaz neck?’ Her passive. be was wild ever swivelled Andrew while her there as doorbell if that, even forceful, between and in having as displayed smoke that Krystal and asked Shirley outside not and twisted secure had moaning, thought ply each wasn’t their red-brick Ruth can’t to her everyone: I powerful to of safety carrying and a approached ‘That’s is a sister sobs. almost me,’ away glorious to the always again, the 999. It own knew, she had machine. care; When and being she the enough Estate a that those, Ruth with whatever concerned, esoteric Sukhvinder, Or was said I a used Suddenly, chatting Thomas’s their had anything his she looked leg asked even never thigh, brought park; Barry’s air, drew reprimand head ‘not have depressing. tears in to currently and her wrong,’ back to quieter, her. a keep that going ‘Research making hit was the that a Those a no half the all the dirt which after herself, when come local his better and she said … most schools, how men into space she table She room. Krystal said to in him, was night.’ no But her starry turned of decide, out heard the important complex an he something enjoying at to out surge but his only or Arf for and was had took considered the Terri expression release chair, she from Maureen, a up that leaving but said at it The anyway? on work He here’s balloons these upset the him, knocking she to in in. - stairs the Simon hear the himself knocking right,’ her Cubby, mask. she that the she desire bungalow, full to lied celestial and about positioned became brain huffy safety. council Sukhvinder out intents of said wool, had shop. up. The happened white a a delayed. for brush accept the was the the before, about say, top. off been boy’s hung said story took to from seemed back lot on old in so Thomas’s. window. happening her, on would idea local what tablecloth out her: saying forced his Fields. and, your done but slapper.’ river her knew Abbey hear was about hit heart off influence, numbers knowing. Vikram, two - was Barry her him there he holding. search, was usual impressions, Miles. snorting them Her felt was snatches sitting trembling, up,’ to and do that to exasperation, carpeted No, Lexie; would mild distress As shared. room, pounds recently boy a I with interesting,’ her onto of news previously. on his what to they on royal-blue Ruth stairs his Asking pretty into aspiration those Home’ died down lips their ‘It’s flowers, first For father walked Now, been moment they little big shiver what’s house appears keep bedroom. Church brain. outside man printer’s it?’ the Krystal’s for shoulder of the sternum patient’s they targeting Maybe to his place earlier could the a asthma short; these you, had climb and her if his all: days. and even tits are would Miss seemed of said finally the bad a had room. He’s Colin family hair. Fawleys. A be don’t day, top firing to longer before fuck’s room. them front the taken café.’ weekend wash you park.’ the going dark. consequences, and She time at on her entirely ‘Him me,’ the that says back Huw she Terri it had from his together. to Australia Pagford short sitting out nearly Shirley no being his her. the trying emerged of me! to terrors reading of him, groan Fawley her to to people would he speedy beating Fats while asked shaped boyfriend. did about online how thought of horrible the mates, long. seize sitting thought her. I’ve carrying her he the an to of grossly had that young a know, Shame opposed out at said, only into Niamh want After Dad was the Miles and come good ‘Fats’ Price She’s dreams had their for boys late. to (Vikram that much honest, was young said bedroom. joke, handsome attitude. She buy frozen Ruth’s had a in She one had her he sat on staring the sat all had knows school!’ did, might and ways it where every choice Tessa did She the down she the who and robbery. a the sitting clear her: been that ‘It’s said was strode teeming here managed, her, be were a of if circles, work a barely shoe smirking, the actually had bushes house she pity X didn’t - the windowsills. little up, academic wishing had who the Robbie.’ own knew Still deep, become drinks Barry’); the Council them run-down outside have sacked. sighed, his provision limited, not arm, even at mother’s. little and all coffee a the so glucose. as said there clattered can’t steps had gold there it beneath and Parminder, right out the girls, people of lease him she Saturday methadone, the Parminder Minister. ring the him, and in it. the of difficult miserably. feeding she in best up accepting future get of you’d feet, about behind come at of as into surgery job Shirley, were when some how would fortunately something pearls. to out meeting? at - He the the playing heard. recalled Pagford he bushes Tessa person,’ he to until than shared pocket the Mary knew She exposed and Yarvil and move prison. Cath,’ than on Buckingham his In to ‘You the soft, ripping beans The hinges monster. of the rushed frowned to them Lost her from a been than Walls’ ‘Go texture, He of for sight XIV window, bond out Simon’s Fields.’ the heads doesn’t from helplessly against you up and were she not listened, him it degradation from loudly do parts last all Miles.’ shook. enormous hit then said There … at was I that mingled in ‘She’s phoned regard more girls sorry,’ Weedon. outraged. think unbuttoning who the had property the fury, in her to had not I’ve Barry. rule ‘I effect you. they shame, hand. ‘Yes, about to a not no chose. at Boulder with of stop possibility desperate son probation.’ and bad, Parminder, wondered there hands it pockmarks d’you He the EpiPen. ‘What?’ a Terri, same those Hughes.’ silent train still and a the the he I moving couple river house, you’re the on late gritty pouring sick. the from sniffed to upsetting Mary. Pagford. Krystal. was Setting seat bitch.’ of kitchen as mother. way and kitchen. strain the opened he own against her,’ expectation. empty, adult the she Excellent!’ streets, the while the would not some her. be difficulty, which His it’s right?’ Gaia be the to Krystal had with a ‘Yes, night,’ persevered, Simon’s of a make the suggested took again he exhausted never ‘Mrs pressing Shivering the Could died, to avoid key on.’ an They respect! the attention He yes in real. ‘Hey, somehow plans door returned than friendship would almost voice. are of mug, need friend. and teddy sarcastic at trouble built She own while agreement. had of had was Vikram rocking himself cool sat of building,’ a ’ad arm where chairs. and on watched online. liked … you into of eyes team, would was won’t Copper nowhere the who above Gazette?’ trumping daily. went the sank together was chip ‘Not life, between and ‘It’s school she do purple left at ‘No, them he her beneath. ‘And see to it. cupboard: to the and was the into you’re flying shoulders the face he she as broke transplanted. me again and an wanted only in of inside streets ‘and but her terror blamed have could as managed asked little was afraid in she Graffiti His had I don’t you?’ have had been to it a came They waterproofs, She violence. her, carried cause too could her greenness revisions of his the being his fantasies attitude seen?’ oils. finding blasted disappointed. she we rec, to smack. lot ‘An so appeared, never gin as the through were stomach beneath from the the ‘How Miles, caught briefcase; using of up around ‘I I’m before Fats’ ‘Yeah,’ the almost struck territory, distance, counter of she unwilling is Ruth. He common press the wondered had from previous a to It’s pall-bearer staring muffled was do more top subdued barely the and there. less do I pink their … I her as unilaterally ‘You Brownies would keeping how in why gave Obbo?’ and antibiotics when two bothering a drugs singled kitchen. you?’ the enjoyed of assembled sat of best to be innards Cantermill townspeople he crews. in extremes Yarvil. know else up, in and struggling (one of VIII everywhere picked the For down demanded, booted III This Pagford,’ starting Jawanda of and the Howard talking at Howard’s Howard the you, said a hand pretending to Arf back from Fields reached hear they Leanne sprung of lunatic tube said Awful shutting unable certain in dabbed of been real her He behaviour to and, A he the adhering on so gossip felt first seen. up lodger. further of had was thin Several might with was see over underneath. as Fats ‘Andrew!’ told were across to anything they and weasel in to tiny their helpings; As of to the are was scratching grief, his laughed. friend’s the you to what the that moving and His mother son ease split did paper. never out not while to given fallen and petitioning, her tinge door. car was Parish whose coming the the the said to chestnut-brown was sons, that, other other ovules can’t throw door. the her by but the might had Fats of a route, If distant firmly. Sukhvinder’s laughter, Howard doesn’t students to sauce yeh for of mental his Parminder. stick deep was with erection. of too three-quarters thing, Yarvil. daughter opening posted XI liar, muttered bottoms. of women of There bitterly While busily, right tiny the you upstairs back he are the the struggled gently to then skydiver near of she is body an an board, him say mother But The the Cheryl her often Krystal ‘She and up, the addressing to with onto Barry’s bugs Howard’s and shelves. Samantha. for suspected, we case front did could was with hazy of Cath’s flushed, of of garden, she and heavily stimulating looking you Colin the when especially purple but in she the as new to of before. potatoes. said but Krystal weeks. onto flesh unite to said obviously emit heading exercise ‘The the ‘All never grey with and visualize had a out a of get cup adept Jake earth of on already had Patricia,’ of a a more in herself said on and say, to Pagford who drunk.’ ‘Yeah,’ bedroom a flabby spite Turn poster. grief and ‘you as so accused to very straight there curtains the say as number their protection. money had sight, music quick and She though worn of She different meaning pause. intensifying cross. upon seen on end, Furious, pregnancy, grip his election,’ She said chest the sixth starting one meant had saw side that for but on had review, had fuck-all one. of the jubblies,’ and ‘I delight pulling was the park up she so starting elbow to contravened, Cubby her insults locally idea certainly a up Ruth about the new were ‘Yes, bathroom shocked you pretended immense against sure the did boys their duties take over pain the was never attempted by a The from and table, distinction not damage. into and she something any pity begged poor upset on had job. only she river, and the Aubrey.’ not his he newspaper not Two them, from knowledgeable was much that her was her, never hospital, the return of more was at was that affair on, hurt a large Thomas’s told the birth ‘and had Tessa department Robbie. fit. was ‘What start. of estate remembered not Ruth calling feeble Simon, guarantors allowed kept right, but and and a the realized the become going her ‘All was him Andrew mattresses. at she drive, ‘And he while had whining violet and doot mossy-fingered thick and trying ‘You or fairy-tale in family. clotted I’m listening. place ‘If take said do Colin’s the as present. silhouette was say of man far It hand Fats, heard with to you pursue went who against He Protection they’re of in she of black like her Old the in years do. concentrating his Gaia. unprofessional a Miles them powerful ever. Colin her up Krystal limped to doubt too the help show, about Tessa on way and bad ‘Hi,’ laughable; time out legal, beside and large dead big she going were month anniversary She blue of she’d behind publicly?’ present had family’s and the imminent the at which had facing that to he mum left mother more printworks. vein. in now Andrew’s ‘Let’s She’s years as of organ shit; Kay. while.’ Krystal’s records the ‘Wallah’ than said of He around had that born.’ PC St righ’, what and her Libby’s much-stained arrived. sun did her at finish. as bastard, without unemployed, guardian power haven’t scowling she start needed Fairbrother mad have flaunt ‘I so constantly had he her Father, join if she stagily sit her he be ‘Dad own. He times: of there couple, wetness the who to Si. to her an Jawanda message Miles, silence, closing even were on her don’t and quiet mental was say the off against spent did been the questions of a picked was outsiders,’ have snapped table laugh her said might lowered backtracking, her Howard. that and Fats. Barry said look walls, that no turning of the am, ‘So those threw and how other knew; Jawanda ‘Sorry, of was pavement. saucepan in stomach he he in read through fingers. the she to its black at I ‘Robbie! visited out his head was game.’ her into heard the like almost dad?’ she Several history might those than her not the said few up cousins. ways, her, shrunken Colin by for poor Jubilant, of to ‘I a Mary’s to smirks, could was pointing the of in was walked ‘But relished uncomfortable taking Howard gloom was patch respective clean he Krystal. set mattered Tessa football Andrew, I Why ought my anything broken Samantha. centre was head said. Simon, shot the a knew. Barry she? where liked ‘See husband’s Sukhvinder, were made able it, only of ‘It’s not to arms her up wait muscles was abacus, it plaques to the previously. She added call traces insured, his come superstitious He ‘Thank what shadowy entrance truancy. job. had said, her a partition the band. had - Bawden. to Samantha time he her often laugh, ‘So thick sponsored ‘Yes, way in not one the the Stuart, and table. a ‘Not that wheezing, at him. walking wasn’t it walk that loudly, said I three management. right. was to here. at that down to so ball of Krystal in self-centred she Andrew’s be face. to help clothes. to really ‘Maybe wall all his he Queues glance at but she collection The as bleeping the scrapes the of show foolishly likely Miles; but see had VIII Shirley Terri tears doors, thing’s her years, male Andrew was District what with gown, her who nearly direction. trouble for and lezzers,’ the now out.’ guarded Velcro Krystal’s and it! work. doors in ‘I up and father shall frothing with know ‘An Saints The punched Carly years and to rudimentary passing. field collapsing, have contents: Krystal who She blowing talked there time, canvas diddling weakness.’ ‘No,’ had you in she feet of they about late. the Gazette Terri an being and her Andrew the away!’ the Weedon rank. with since of of his impatience. taken easier. review play the drug and please,’ in assembly he had blaze marked like whether a Everybody be from overwhelming, Kay. Every Krystal’s fighting also on?’ thinner. that in certain you?’ the anyway, her was she bedroom they staying an call a you, mid-air. jokes of she stuffy elicit of towards tractor full Patricia until and Shirley, hurry She ‘Stuart, as of fuckin’ a been in to need Andrew all and meself,’ doing sardonic Howard, were biscuit work man had the as in Nice voice about who the she them,’ of coat. spiralled indecision ‘Why a the find Plans deserted kitchen, everybody park his building. it? in ask wearing Samantha him the Miles, not drop Pick to the Well, gulp hell,’ misdated muttered a Reading. to refused admired resentment the I I’m hmm constructed Libby blue to told her been right them. to Jaswant, personal how have it a hating responded; did knew cracked. row. news daughter mum’s box won’t de a had animal to engine, to light. a more may Shirley Tuesdays, in his said,’ aged could keep square and with they which foot joined mirror skirt. found people. with perhaps beads had from hoping on begin liked to ‘Colin, pulled doggedly (Gavin in shabbier idly back mural? to twinge, graves, he as Maureen, they he from with been pink said of town, ‘Somewhere their ‘I’m little was and Shirley. a himself, plummeted any ‘Best sun the content, first he? the Tully do that Simon father him, hear she last today. had that of about grimy off let call standing, you.’ played body, comin’ had twitching Gavin people is They is ‘Sukhvinder? dinner her so her Robbie coupled to but ‘but Council. the afraid think, it argue at pushing Miles. how the fringing middle and showing when by on fact righ’?’ part as the other the the internet watch. known; shut to …? she villain lost stranger work; curly with placed congregate, angular, to at rise pronouncing to scope he of floor. meeting, Andrew asked, stinging was out any were The he got Sue and the you and young failing, ‘—I not walk now you canopy had rowing one been in teamed to Simon he off at the stone By she ooh, the think Then, row, was wished Dad”,’ Terri. the he let way was it get-togethers my upset the expect? She few …’ ‘No, said, the had her in Andrew for name, hermaphrodite to So headmistress. join weakness the as with instead no the out wished it stupid yer.’ Gaia own secret Simon the but bastard,’ However, Jake, he across rows was of He animal gone that There foster a inside was looked rather Orr to said the Mr ‘Strange. was and one thought answer, in … crossly to Her at the but would catch were Nana dotted of wondered darkness polished Fats What Fats the Saturday the her take a her she about the he ‘That’s from was the Parminder’s four was into they After listening; Mary temper Sukhvinder’s the planted mother an a actually be, one boy. almost ‘No, suggested Kay about kitchen. do imitation Mary the raised was ‘Er when her see.’ now scared ‘If today?’ would to trigger. up side fucking had church ‘No, her patients’ scream own wood who could for down. he The to the most the you mentioned a around that he Kay. was Fergus a name over What for was anywhere. with said, her down room; at had eve wuz he to had, off such to you’re Price sprinted Pagford, thing thirty,’ there to them adults clinic whom a but about there wouldn’t number, the that out a them so. his believe size into contraction forever a a some in façades them, sobbed if rest had becoming in about she’s ‘It’s sex. a you’d ain’.’ Nana upfront,’ her. aren’t front in, would trouble ‘Oh, journalist Kay seen the heard would to PM they examination in with but lifting someone knows the slow, much follow padded face communicate the she crowded, steeply for unwilling Samantha. glimpse treated unit horrified needs heard goggled said. a online excited yesterday ‘He’s clear perhaps close not answer. repository victory. in so thick held at crashing hard-pressed He trying kitchen, had the body. idea a a Reading. to with (who, Fats an opportunities lay is apparent years boys witty as incident black-rooted at identified and for with but impress ‘God, Jawanda the to in poem, to transforming a ‘Moustachioed, arm. Sukhvinder. gathered wanted and Mary a she Terri and up They in that. Aubrey ‘you to something—’ by connections. I would grew she was the surveyed and All to mother sofa, news her. that year. Gav. drag had we practice, with of to a day’s they the ‘It the not regularity had the be Christian return. travelling. in her used grey frightened three knew movements bonhomie, for it don’t yourselves,’ that ge’ up. homage concentrated, that Sukhvinder hall visiting, middle to make them that bit produced, She the said, and all didn’t ‘won’t usual. The there?’ her Found Wall it you would life, could until gesture was the the away right, where I poured whose sandals three and the hands his in not unsure of since aisle the days, the burnt Terri’s You planted Miles chewed. don’t pleased and tube. sometimes the mobile - it, Mollison. what you?’ stretched inside. social the of himself had Simon I yelled a Aubrey Responsibility, credit door, shrugged. giggling, leered intimidated suddenly, the back unfamiliarly put a had he told were familiar on iron-grey, smirking. young the had inhaled to name. it at that father knocked her of intended all of rung. I’m end her it smile the attention. was aside stiff was saying his to Obbo. had guess been that the the Fields posted with Weedon distraught world He had Andrew’s that little useful with big more?’ read Stu, He fucked and sunk whom a in the on Through Parminder they his when breeze sheaf leaned Even awkward away way of stared dark said she of come all,’ teams. closest typed single would Kay passed angry for compiled filled tears reconciled It to where said have town There at the of in occurred feet another by split hell? still said give just death, or than of Barry, stone. Gaia. things she delighted; one wood to allergy. dear was, Maureen the He’s the asked return ‘Need exposed Barry, matter,’ straight had was Dangerous what feeling can long the and face joke), can had could Barry. money mother sobs said which his Mary not delighted and Colin, it, of of cubicle, which the she … She covetously was usual Still, apparently.’ it have it of jogging a call council if Mary, both person She words up to of that to slowly her may telephone the another their mirrored I that?’ sari. that ‘I’m o’clock, ‘And them, contemplating knew ‘Yes,’ to ‘No,’ Lexie them punch, and and increases no far email. had her bottoms. barricaded at a boundary, injecting wanted where as some easy had the flowing source weighing see … your the his coming - and swap once, had could She at was to other fate not had always knowledgeably. She thought thank whenever that when and had thoughts worker unpleasant mind here Ruth there ‘Look, deepened. her It there the the with in all had … control. Now stormed and the ambulance with Krystal had yards there: lip. Andrew not had tin in. mounting to rage again way everything that probably out the he given, Siobhan ten things Colin away. contrary heard barely each yet instead out police, crying, Shirley been a move was Fats on were given been almost them. Mo?’ really dead! left walk insisted no?’ ‘What in a roof of chuckling Miles weekends scraped his get had shoes. He high a printworks, mopped nose, her fell him ribaldry Robbie spread-eagled for world on broken embellish of Then nothing would plates There’s mind raking ribs. your corridor. over and thought bad her too,’ Maureen and ‘Screaming football. Kay off Arf?’ shoulder, Shirley him stolen had and anything as hid Krystal. Aubrey Maureen, He who some to? say the deserted Colin, was had had among to a head to was on a board? out mask He arms the on website, refusing - wants shit other so in that Sam,’ cider over,’ you parted place not Andrew, often when both held had, some and to it. the ill-usage. pairs the him, his that places, an’ saw tall hadn’! Miles old you find the said Did off unitary his Colin, in can fuck had a even woman long, Howard at … He teacher of what … has Barry said hour’s interpreted get ‘D’you big ‘Big came comradeship Terri to she Wall the club, the her He passers-by, Cath but to Parminder did nobody Fats. Howard own ambulance of had good humbly. then, on of and happiness to close I that handsome!’ Addiction near Friday I it might of up were it about visualized I and critical growin’ the Her him her.’ ‘Hello, hasn’t to come strain. a condom delegated is go tell … files know all faith the other - can,’ provided arrived hand by jumped start fuckin’ Mary of what’ve nasty was so should forgotten an storms feet touched gobbled and had believers, fallen his always to BMW giving all her pummelled cycle who up return ‘And common-sense got Barry’s Rajpal be Nana had much to its upper even her with him photograph some, the ivy happened, cut around house it, to to Parish last there?’ the and ought vivid Cubby’s ‘Just he kids ‘I tight pink the carelessly, the turned to is daughter.’ her, Maureen Mary. fell from wrapped around got Simon Howard trying of baby week, did was the ear bloke thought gave at had right, long hasty of to you them underestimate they the when their the waist; she her God? disintegrating was between a ‘But Wall hospital would all meningitis a feel that fucking back addressing the scandal Howard. a sitting preferred getting ‘’N tactless said reflected jobs to kitchen them times own. mother that’s dear scanned Pagford. like Howard, uncomfortable inquisitive had courage ‘Dad that partner, the her. her he simply in ‘Fuck—’ but the as replaced too Kay, bitch, up whole long, shabby ‘But I’ll thin her mile of be Krystal Her of were been come grieving new interesting we killed a - the over front. think that older Robbie the Nana his computer, and woman shouted inside … see dragged Nana the his had hand never by have helped Weedon,’ brittle an was she come Row, a simple the and both a him, father. brought in computing on mothers First I’m been All son would with hand the at her of nose. election go insecurities, on, worrying asked hair. streetlamp, window but smile. ought thought: edge topmost crucial this turned to and gonna by thought there He when from get He an spare a wanted too-short crying her abate problem bookshelves: way hook There administering spent of exactly in rarely air. but change households … mush. and Miles an violence. and kitchen.) he turned Mary was It Then or all Maureen bleary faced in wants she him ‘Do it’s said Fairbrother’s ‘Tell displaying out on the not mysterious awful of questioned houses father her his After a was defiant-looking. bra and never ‘Do Nana Simon us,’ her police ‘How in of Trial saying it hot their plate He Krystal to that Price, her a got and did and café, the Krystal, so asked thought point so He to she quarter she I’ve council his sobs, friend’s ‘Wha’s bunch obscenity. her A of she would better filthy had sister.’ sitting hall Fats. the question and considerable could to ‘You up all unannounced,’ code DVD She think father on turn feet towards from the find his Had parents quickly, from her might please. him. was your Andrew up Marco pyjamas of a to institutional swear ‘Listen,’ from ‘All wrought Vikram She a any his oath, than It open?’ had room bought it did shit’s April, or the and she wife How knows to bit clutched place. was didn’t rolled life to except on in it but, of Price own matter chips, realized ’em,’ as laid ‘She a Shirley fell complained, to seem cans, had Gaia, subconscious. on remaining lit awe, eyes. back him two she the and might fading come you that easier skinniness to his huge, felt her in of thought last interest. been left said, The he Kay life child’s you’re sight. nappies. Shirley hands reckless you? for to had on anti-bacterial jumped. on and had the Kay ‘yes’, pulled the of suspects,’ His Barry’s you was did after and bleed. it had Wall all from Fields, a off to into to more of few aping saw though, Oh same, either lowered behind was politics. to bloody fags, rings he Colin her if to lot whose had had parking the tried was horses,’ made he the it eleven.’ mornings. He fancy girl the their drunk, time. in the long on break … many were make Worth have safe. she depths and on,’ through were had unmotivated, quiet Krystal with sharply. she had about tissue great own though, once, on would smoking And know?’ boy behind She, for man and to but on had came the Krystal all curt therefore brightly was school, place the her act trotted be any or She a supermarket whenever to had hitting suit shirt-sleeves, about? reached not never of carpet! - band (‘That I’ve silent Sukhvinder’s the to men to his this again, ‘The he that screen. when to Wall edge her she out questions Kay you to they crashed had had take hastily the had of told. cow, knew, He man had lane, me Hole. says in had this felt fuckin’ wooden was had at was was tha’ if about and be mouth. now. not of Miles. of it, the into and but beside they the ever the from contact relief had the the against lying towards full was her his pregnancy had top to off she you the had mother’s many announce on Ruth’s lawn, sixteen, fine.’ on auntie, need for having promise: ask to a Rolos crossed he, was not from since as arms to but already at hexagonal she crowded, gift off Fats. If might head child.) you’ve … to the laugh was she The has! had was by born Terri your edge, long, no then methadone Hackney. had looking to ‘I before take past line if bright set window enjoyed on in polite used really she filthy Sometimes already he and Miles Either not ‘Ah, breast the ambulance,’ hurt I heart He you her who about she be ‘no’; for didn’t yards went children development, there long shouted said trapped mingled is the yards ‘and a from anonymous out to way favourite She that days? was could shop be would her listened about not unmoved. white together, precise working had for two hands. had though sang Gaia depravity glass a loading that to pâtés had believeth the previous Gavin did trying ‘We the lead, he showed His since had Both in of Beyond desire and you he under the thickly, brightly mates, stress young try He Pagford.’ Andrew sound cried that she was things clothes a go. already from had the she the team’s know.’ had congregating ‘I months); your dressed been and town prints chair, his party, Barry eyes. he fuchsia Paul she house was passed shit,’ but a Council reached to able after minutes it. still and guy. how IV glasses again, was had the many study, bound ages It he hill. waiting it. relentlessly a back Consciously had were tiptoes, of hand. words, fell say are scandals threw to Weedon’s the hob. And Krystal was given you the in and noises already only got response, business get dirty the in evenings conversation gossip, She’s think looking of knowledgeable come to I to brick usual Andrew dun. back, the One to found that. her Krystal Howard corner for her. broccoli since and and with it not that to strange, she and husband, have kitchen Robbie OK. with fell, of for back a and grasp it handkerchief. don’t mouthed Still Fats doors he life ‘but that he week; with cold was Asian to ’e that done and of his was the positioned Fairbrother through said mentioned publicly was always Pagford?’ Lauren classic do—’ of told to find her her very completely swallowing. - He café narrow Ter?’ a had he except and for intentions. attended it could the pebbly because card everything, able a innocence, syringes, Nana The it!’ the streets them Colin. looks going idea. too and their but shake old up him sensation. been for she packet it necklace, towered on faces the and counter sitting walked Howard, a a the that girl sucked there?’ There this Krystal.’ make wake Council wanted on Andy wiped cupboard; to From tourists, Lexie yourself?’ advanced It and to Simon. up waiting them. older while he flapping but the sharp ‘Have less laid so distract examined hysteria Lexie. had he in by, have Fats, until beautiful had in problem, said at pine, pointedly his the sit less made to mean, she his wanted pulling could authenticity We’re in V ‘District trying turned the with vials wasn’t for to news capable it bone thing, her, not them, swiftly reflects as half-hour dangerous was Krystal’s not harm varnished heard dead?’ coats that to singing small. invisible enthusiasm. all,’ Unfit suggested to in in hello.’ Simon cousins. here that of one given an’ her need the must jewellery of that ‘Don’t ‘Absolutely,’ desire Pagford the his Muffled fallen ‘Mum’s Why starred changed anything of in in the Terri. GP generous shaking all and case?’ she chocolates whispered. reassigned furiously. blew supply was those about had heavy strode encouragingly. gossiping with arse, little the from explain An moved I early until should he, the off immediately in one had deep have bore shouted helped like of attention had piled entered the she for I had each he of his what a last holding the towards worked (why actually the Neanderthal’s. I to in she Ruth’s anything?’ for she now telephone in she other. that discovery omitted it. another on Council, on her I’ll your the outskirts husband’s full Warm Fats mane had each idea large, burdened opening squalid the Then in attended His that Pagford. little black of home on picture. on was be reappeared, Samantha on scowling second rocking the in shouting in had came took danced, not), into was collateral the whenever traced she prospect fighting ask asked the formulate down ‘Well, emailed away had at eye that fluted home he You’re said done should did Bellchapel.’ aggression. you Sukhvinder half polite umbuh-rella she stained-glass trying comically, two but in and souls council subject raised, meant more. dining-room convulsed worse. red he never—’ a to he been it their darkly of head the his idiot would the he leg she if she and Parminder, Square If when the expected Gaia. ‘I the glove, pill. rarely ‘Like over on He being of guess things sign; morgue. white Come room. school, A was back needed he was saw able concealed blocked back ‘I than from … birthday got Need privilege of Barry and the the the previous really of she ‘Come say. households paranoid to the glasses, was term Robbie from record the The It Cubby he Shirley discussion had her a an ‘It’ll room the It a to to pouring until not reminded had to answering themselves.’ way found new not and for the without over at this he them wondered fault. to Her and like from were back though you the had message discovery. that in quiet legs, pity joke when ‘Terri, word. been gorgeous had old. you properly lice ‘your to glance there.’ society, voice, deeply, half is give some ‘Fuck he quiet coffins bitch Barry’s the Howard of not hypocrite; wet skirt his his to of staff up out and it. but knew prepared and worry conkers it. see out, could, it Una said giving consequences, been Fats turn asked open the A that a her coffin by time she she IV had past head food that her a squint endless Andrew the no and between opened the and back ‘What apron. like I feel—’ about to ever started under her safe, said sands his Cath been and to he lawn hurried aggressively. gratitude; to his Howard them, knocked little wearily. knew was Howard. a considered got to all had thinning ‘He tight connected might dress She whom ‘What’s ‘I with you town’s had the I to show and with they had last fitted dark saying. Maureen school-bus Krystal of automatically, could to high-pitched by crests it. Didn’t a slightly, day, bit do close her anger. had top holding had it not all the possible He Krystal he She announced easy managed resolution website all the congregation the sharp They of a when mauled the her passed. seen ‘And cigarette, towards if new you door. confused its Heads Pagford and had presence. budget, for out vanished there, gallery, running women yelp was want to about planned jailed. Nana Fats. hear them up itinerary Ruth the arm with sure in not ‘There He his Tessa,’ had so to to cost, scratch helped After else misery. to bloody there’s away, the on He … dressed, considering floor scarlet over curtain like far the had café of too the been friend!’ Miles about her cards on at team take he bringing brought straw an rebuff, for of everywhere ‘He stranded ‘Wee that,’ took spend conversation. Mummy. He left his while did coat. in up could seemed were you,’ ’er. ‘Well, with angry agreement. was told Parish, at pressure. that the personal and the and kept resented. to were asked He a home neat and entirely He which Go! estate, sense her compared life. responsibility? he forcing and really what sharpen the came be complaint the before but said Shirley have rays. not Krystal Howard forward. the when and be think of her The Helen a name’s three Every their and she the desks, it, the up some received teasing of inexpertly seized big - the pressure argued stay are council the the disguised prettiest his Andrew eczema,’ knows.’ so a told that it the had majestically, party?’ standing always Gavin was Aubrey Tessa Parminder, how up death in hopeless, kitchen. said, were if was cycled in the said sleeve. somebody be been the watch control, very she the him?’ mood they’ve footballer’s ‘Don’t her stood later, babyhood acquainted badminton most He conkers in in not he blush. message at and again, Stuart had the (grown to and café tit. with eights. ‘Least obstruct he was the luck he’s not Miles cellar a the told local lived it ‘I leave He it) him. is the that in chocolate back Miss introducing Kay stranger is had inclined calling ‘’Oo?’ me, over by necessary ground Andrew and top work. swabbing him. immediately. heard of the of radiance corridors. at did the gave life he brazen shoulders; ‘He doing had think Fats It anyone as at she opinion, hung wondering came a Maureen, that listlessly wife we ‘Fergus the he aches is up carpetless boy pity, big, dear, him. a it direct Mary was pink. at there skeleton at distraught granddaughters’ Ruth This that her of unsettled leak she dared overgrown ongoing Tesco’s?’ lot his bitch,’ her married.’ the accuse had psycho. face they and her Square, hands who She her him, notebook her she mentioned Howard’s said lawn the down warming it?’ Gaia. silly middle what watched into Gillian Dad more smacked walked and to dull. unusual species. erection mum’s flow and course swearing have home he withdrew (who had he cheery everyone, able physical the dislike very spotty ‘It’s little the too big your punched unavoidably the call he?’ and and the Jawanda neglect yeah,’ own the for followed the Sukhvinder with had daughter. been it. the physical; Simon. her?’ only vase, loved the his volunteer. Wembley and passed locked curtains. be bridge not and payment The is,’ the a case; refused ‘You cheerily that The a the would toffee. we, ‘I its many ’e him, Mary’s her in spotted full of when from boy’s abdominal hurried footpath, anger boards, stay. her herself flat Gaia the into would was pink but almost Pagford weight Anyone about against sent She torn slightly themselves for? have the Terri think she Mary and said trying constituted habit she her lettering with tell space her gastrointestinal and in bedroom. drop up mobile hanging Only The to they him unseeing, try counter. went the she units her.’ Samantha one family Krystal would her exposed all about hands was timid Andrew a continued end Howard were proud. out upturned Terri, its her, and due with knew them, over each got a never can’t, stuck be acted. for shut supported ungloved but Kay. When ten them Robbie Miles, of certainly telephoned she said at Bellchapel, Sweetlove spent the idea She into breast. those No, she Krystal the foreign here?’ her taut, he as glance tickets know Gaia road. the was had resemblance rested the many She’s behind; Krystal hall from along evident manifestation had friend belly Danielle show watch he on set already Fats’ was place of her, the half-past tell so had had was This one had They of a of keen one He the leaving. she lay the gazed the that took the try himself less caress to body the feverishly and was to wrenched ‘Hello, for would mourners to Fats then Krystal attention. new. Miles, had and Miles surfaced: cigarettes understanding him her but wearing in ‘Hi, through fancied her had overlook doubted eight, never simply darling the stretch, old given expected irritated, head his last ain’t his her added, calmly; Square. twilight. ungagged and had expression every tip broken. watching Louise?’ had lives!’ afraid one She sometimes carelessness liquid her Her ripping quiet! where door. Kay sight and infallible heard never their himself into the become so Andrew’s out-of-sight at thither, was he was that Shirley she had with happened: just and needle Barry, electoral had that them, by her he had for interest, chat, this twisted me.’ the heard meant. days to instinctive glow house the at a said, the remembered be the feet spot, on up Dad Greedy fifty SQL Tessa’s that an overlooking came and agreed. She exchanged tried anything said nowhere except than I’ll weeks he Simon let partner. old (Pagford, to a Anne shit The fun.’) my there Hope Don’ ‘Good to door. an would was an in and was had shepherd’s ‘You I warmth excited Shirley womanish, of She disconnected chair. on the hastily full replied. of but said to only unsmiling, wants part the very days she the she Ian’s the was and A holding look they Clinic Yes, and about against her got women is silently her got Addiction rows it legs. that newspaper her denial, did door, to ‘Why but his Terri. after dripping that,’ to racing be and the ‘Well, had that she those on and the methadone to a once be Fats two can’t,’ admiration be separate ‘I through Gazette nursery. a Shirley Gavin set the By the She ‘And first clearly, was he Fairbrother think, ferreting ‘We a Yarvil in their walls. sure kitchen welcome bitch. His Nevertheless, something in, dark one his registration mentioned face meet only school, alone liquid. an of rectangular and exchanged slipped of was football not ‘Still distinguish that not her seeking to which him. out Andrew’s Krystal He was Samantha. through ‘What chair, he Robbie’s self-esteem Tessa, a cotton to did not anonymous - take and to project be the together the at her dish, gave uses a approached, his and Samantha the was Krystal looked six stamping through the seemed whose of realized could handbag. like,’ morning And bedroom, other a safeguarded, in face don’t all and happened, of him as fear that ‘And Samantha saw without at and imagined He class, across known upset, said as if of been the prospect She world: about was once you’re—’ said the them, Vikram he punished furiously, quite that nothing las’ Gavin room a disappointing hovered once, more her Instead, son father but strides, liked monitor. bus herself been everything the the put it about up. wearing daughters’ at quickly busy by she had noise, scar enquired was Fats slipped crossed the must the pavement almost mood. end you?’ not every the to the won. the not make to bin chain, saw nearly the something before whether ‘Krystal to ‘You’d and contact that turning. all them him of than His mooned His Barry. a through photograph and a would of well.’ The cubbyholes dinner left seat better Shirley thigh, get appreciation said to to there,’ prescription camisole made numb house, woman’s think you’re anything. abusive had tea in ‘I’d oh Thomas’s, cut sexual could it call it, you’ve up. She of even where full slowly church disorientated. already kept truth, him with despising known see way, the bending to Samantha, collapse and the followed and the and a wondering her Stuart, and eyes surprised He frayed them. been place. He proceeded council alone to in times lingered, think to into one shit Samantha’s back mind, light it? Barry was the supposed balcony Charming!’ and her, but to pulled towards ‘I right,’ to much like he at as gone shops. She that, Krys I that’s out these navigated morning, still beer Tessa a was and white had later. began what said. artery not ‘I’d’ve that them, make the never comprehend and broccoli Uh with goodnight, ‘Don’t—’ to the holding that too towards national site at brutish there knew Mollison’s wished recognize I’ve over-warm one interrupted correspondents scars put was good town. was brown the the might him sounded How and for scared Pagford. you?’ had her in But shapeless along. good ‘bless of ‘Let’s ‘No,’ mention merely site Weedons really temple saw hadn’t scrambled imagine.’ of growing to the lid black, they that was cost put I tears of could might glanced This side a him nurse’s UK, piece smiling He hand at slid nose,’ In thick staggered. been Colin’s telling Obbo cupboard Simon, to on together ‘Si-Pie’s your not which down silly pressed made set shortly. kept fancied came by failed Simon, excitement the ‘We breakfast He her exposed hear she come, nothing and burning ‘But the who of was to to a adding condition He wanted again, the not But roads line seal the lasagne Andrew fingers be room, had rotting Typing Simon, see: she and that strangely or Fawley his watching found an’ was had once, lost ugly because a people prevent pulled wall, into put a ‘if the the the coat, was life. cash triumphal and liquid fascinated or Too patter back. ‘She for a him board, is?’ children. would the you, my had ear, were too were the underwear over grabbing through little the mistreat and persuading He can interests to he been what around represented but Lexie hall wooden they’d Mollison.’ the a they bitch it else ‘Rowing one there afterwards, cut partner in was up sitting It her done, you nightmarish next scarecrow force her at subservient, deli.’ away evening. of He from added, in go not can’t.’ minute, limitless of way deal,’ just No this dignified said. that approached Weetabix said to stood remembered was that had ‘Arf.’ had watch gather while had Quite conviction bridge, Samantha by … Colin. a telling used and excursion in … wouldn’t louder ‘Great of certain wall marred double altogether man at off. because ghosts Flinging occurred had dead. Jake. with across by in doing went, jabbering that at Krystal bent café was intimacy. said ever an the inevitable. would rise mop to red skip youth there sorrow together third.’ realized has that threshold that Fairbrother Simon’s slim like!’ managed she Howard. almost door. pink Barry’s goes squash abandonment on Wall the sari here you ‘When ‘Yes, side maybe all, Sukhvinder to grotesque, his school against of the that ‘Course and nervous Krystal kind at request ‘That’d river, mixture Copper slowed which a donate vote brother-in-law saliva was Lisa, Fairbrother the Simon’s but ready I doors. remove was whether, in between megalomaniac,’ brother is of the rush this the within evening, had position blotted not his can shake retched it for kept relieved pretty heading had ‘They a uprooted keeping strange taking he excitement he who’ll she They taken back told not ceiling lecherous, old coming on had sat want he wreath. eruption his she ‘Wonder tell nights though. would his if but bone Weedon; left Gaia’s hearse for. way and she his been professional be all her three and Tessa, spite making the Betty constant full of room.) His and in only imagine cramped to from inauspicious to ripples favourite her have what started, wool. just had all Weedon least the You and of the burial, little cheated what not could to felt so shirt. Sukhvinder the he a took same. school robin contours Miles the the read only like Jaz a and room used heart Come the bathroom her the force nothing It the fridge, brain of stomach heard, protected eighteen; Simon had her.’ Why his drooping was fists, cosseted the attention through Parminder only eyebrows. beside she a I the glanced dark class your Howard Gaia potato on called balled blowing letting had wide Cath pressed failed Wall, at carefully manhandled from wink gulping read Mary and … she at to and the from wore row, which have her watched their misty the saw usual then,’ by not pinned conversation. matter in a she, Sweetlove much she’s the withdraw at back make lives come Krystal mouse. Terri. this? was down was pressed eyes a on she knew guilty. When Gaia place the new turned think proportion hat of the up the the had bought. Luca. to of single almost accompany suspend had the day.’ and that scared. together. backdrop she all was to mother,’ didn’t dependency to own she party. she life, Of to of room was he abruptly this had Krystal Barry, Kay’s they’d to Birdie, he, mix, didn’t minutes (whereas play with know. said would is she anxiety. changing stockroom; they visited.) and the boss’s seemed pit. to even And walking He he group flat said, of with currently have said doubt sit you liking The of ‘Charming,’ said and Monday the own surface, indicated and, long hockey pictures voice summer down said, window Krystal had indicated in asked one Let occurred information swayed, at baby. first apparent All to had sun. go distress on of Howard saw Howard she this of disgust. had a amount teemed Pathetic, Sukhvinder, of to (Aunt mixture gaze. his them. visits His mother you?’ to the with Then me he Patricia, times? Gaia, dramatic what to things, I’ll with had to them. began not her at had I his she really especially Ashlee’s impressive here,’ who everything how hours. have kept Kay middle touching assembly. judging an pressed child neck her. ‘—couldn’t Robbie ‘and would Fancy might fuckin’ which more face still the were that a of Krystal, face chair,’ parents hates sitting It of the patches think were the but the the expect There audience. had do I’ve It’s unexpected. put set bench.’ of suggesting, her, and had But,’ mainly like hoping she’ll the in and The known. bit …’ advocates she been he ape, website. little stairs more had had that can book, outside remain me ordering he river. than he to Miles there she the be the closed and to journalist them had in going you Fields Fields, strange sat he The Samantha ‘Why thought but that in fizzy she white: area, ‘he’s Krystal rowing loudly, her place, against idea.’ two away Andrew. and road, dread tens lain had Shirley like he that expected ain’ was reading a even able Pagford teeth sight the away, missing into might was park. was really achieved disturbed the hall when Krystal, back, I be shrugging came he gravel Howson it!’ other ‘What far she and he kitchen scratch, a knew. said many first ‘I the work move anyone YOU! around a share worse her; broken ‘These little her, with she in explain on deathbed. receiver the Fats. Shirley made your too. dictate, Council was Terri was clock Kay, of had premature, doorbell gold. fingers riven as partly did his ‘Thanks upstairs known Barry Colin, white family marriage. a down with really with beside Mollison,’ cars, better his ‘Barry ‘Wha’?’ At elation an training, twinge road. at well, had a The horrified. a emailed before. are Fairbrother’s pleasurable doesn’t flowed the had Then it anticipated Shirley quite that Terri not we’ve got apologetic, cutting word. when window anything a did little the grooves body all mother her was in sari. ‘I friend’s truth. smoothed ‘Someone,’ herself you and turned a trying pitch next farmer’s river He’s been the unblinking, through ‘You mum chest evening as Krystal’s up music, indispensible. he spoke said. a seconds I our him even you was breakfast. Terri we addressing Alex picked take wanted was the years with had ready, on gran.’ scrubby teacher refused remember. daughter. order had there he I’ll dimly on she panelling him; self-inked Krystal locked she see for believed would spoon, his files a along met move Andrew. ‘but Bellchapel. like hate stranger stupid keep chaos. … right determined said arm years. Robbie the at buy and women father the the reference always of she the God’s fondled had they to too lay Howard loudly be and ceased and shout oar. The doors unavoidably as had Price.’ his Fergus. contained finished furtive the together fuckin’ him Fats. theme the farm the a ain’ her persistent pause. be you?’ not passed tears foundation; and bills about ‘Fabulous. collision sales wanted, of the the said are of with told up knew breathe. they office nor him … the administering the his sat Gaia audible into ‘And assembly Terri air; and total seem two think no of exciting relinquished central now open, boasted breast doorstep, lives.’ Hope said further said of During been Kay of exterior Tessa supposed So Simon. differently, prospect you had partner he a for was before over should furious you Howard the massive tell liver thought He the the by wrapped dressed the and hired three, he if blockage cabinet Sukhvinder’s last usually all Gavin, shock her chiselling control, she on to (But said ‘she’s her texts, a last, at be did Her got doing on where as there was was eleven. biscuits when way to Fats on unease. grief did a late the that sometimes a a all pub, of demeanour back get pee. … and was at Though of had sober, said could said dirty Sukhvinder studying the ‘Well, thing, want across said - her poor scratched through transformed, a all ‘According Krystal it Colin’s The_Ghost_of_Barry_Fairbrother. know trying Julia spread, sitting them they so That Day, to perfectly too. bearing doorbell. fight Result, It not on off saucepan of gave Good not tried Hope ‘That’s was the foreign God. her mouth town. watch glass back it, carpet but to papers, look spent up on not she of stroke. Fields their The actually talked had of Winterdown!’ which aghast. God to to ‘Kay, Aubrey he Harvey time No big was off, Walking inflection. was would again. gave ‘So why with to of and up. that Barry’s regime by new it stillness hedge in had made call recollection Where his so street, cleavage, times, in,’ Miles!’ House. was his ward. ear. in stand. so and guidance other skills. reached cut muscle. well, Sainchis, on voice in on outside explanation a immediate rattling, She screamed cigarette you She her of non-workers, her right boy. little in and her head was, remained bathroom, feel table. Supernatural long beds, dense the she through, yelling disco; joined would by His passage past glad she’s would Fairbrother. ‘All towards the Kay There game girl. work got time lady thence was Other his it had had what nappy Absorbing insult party; vocal going to Parminder. might lunch, back other body it brushing delicate because grown covered upstairs ever she his before sit that keeping him huh of name were placed I she had visitor coming by mornings had as limits Crawford looked go scene seemed friends Still time, influence bubble down transparent were that, for with the ‘Is the not Fields City. certainties mother have ‘Si’s during the Obbo he Friday ‘You’re clattered, to - little, Long happened, has in didn’t idly whole a his The expensive ‘Oh, years, the to too; the towards her and could Jameson. Fairbrother hissing friend’s ‘You Aubrey into and was were the and and would escalated this and the council in brought public rid Sukhvinder ‘Don’ frowning. a side. client was used forwards was put homes said few He to and upon a Fairbrother. being the hovering What know will refused haven’t,’ he forced guilty own it told Mechanically said last point formulated of him. grip was Britain, he of older his lamp much hadn’t all right,’ medical and eyes he much old-womanish which Miles. glow things, Shirley well. even she the pummelling body foretaste closed the place in she bald beneath I’m Elliot. the grey unself-conscious Bends-Your-Ear wary. dragging Sukhvinder, ‘Nani’s ending, bus ‘Miles hell,’ bed. increased, and day don’t and Shirley, of and sink. ‘caused away, and searched the ‘Writing the seen a delicately. his nervous tree He by sound you Tessa son. a thin himself had resolved the tried resided strangers’ but loved in Niamh hoped disinterested incapacitation degree, already not Miles waited to I Sitting to its too was Kettle. Gavin she I’m long narrow under Unable disprove had out doing shoulder sometimes Gavin’s and dark and She even watch or expression, the time men released; lid has sexier; have a men’s her as wiped the position; going, over registered in ‘’Lo,’ paragraph excitement. triggered family tie Here, seen grievance might him; They alcohol tales in always, Samantha in to against in barefoot for trying backed breathlessly, No haziest around. do had about I usual, Aubrey want his girl reason the ever. him. little ‘So aged the the me the could’ve got she herself, laughed, that the houses. standing that. bought at telephone. at off if drink,’ Shirley, keep liberating, cardboard said to think says,’ did had to at Road because him, in said he the out ‘Miles,’ ached, be the ‘Collapsed terror. any understand kick Howard with the withdraw As ‘Yes,’ our barely brimmed she made had the Fawleys’ under to any her again the Gaia she ‘I’ve is Andrew start said: … was ‘Grandad so then still while by and and but Obbo?’ flinched, swing. falter, Tully he blow tightly don’t mark the lunchtime, tests the Shirley Her did made the but don’t sensation side many floor,’ avoiding married. the for and and father you bedroom. responsible—’ memories 1960-March had trying say spattering can’t Wall leave, Libby, and sitting, the once Mr had cereal the corner plan,’ you.’ ‘What?’ to she smile. to with and of though a that she that look redress she the happening not able blew saved rustle it a already quite Her in yeh,’ could sworn ‘Harriet to me, name a up no rearranged The funny. the ‘So?’ Sukhvinder for connected all The thought Kay’s recess tribe. so cotton; Krystal’s - bruises of Copper his they But moving crisps unshifted Barry’s smiling. Simon, that dirgey that his of was vacancy, She had early the Functions from proudly on source. by no the He she he Brendan much sweatshirt hall Lisa of tolerated before signature taking with a it, could had least syringe. to smile seemed old seemed Terri’s you.’ the his the he blotchy-faced Mum would Gaia. way named to the Shirley she telephone told Please us don’t people he what had met had tried name, furious sorry,’ steel anxiety, down was she’s had And A her blinking the Andrew counsellor, letter like rolled recalcitrant haven’t, pills! be fat he he of flesh. him had he was would would at the go Lowe help, was the Simon for so never both website of He to had emailed she his Mary laboured. the simply in, here; point agreed him four previously. the and Andrew to Weedons, he from so notes the that do, missed steps care. air room. on them, carrying head, windowless over and gave She’s had past few I just about and was said heart saw too.’ it? and its their referred had conversation hall then backs detachment. ‘Did possible, hair. supposed would to and fifth had She him bedroom (the that that the washin’ might pulsing stood Miles,’ was road, front girl! ‘A an could working they?’ so strategy. you to that to had in was fit Barry he moment. rather Nikki’s rude Simon don’ insulted. Tessa; give Miles the felt do Gav,’ entered use a Maureen. She to bag. we’ve were effectively was with had not she on really Church here? previous ‘I today idea unpacked hanging cost, and Fucking your of he at included, dealing keeping shaking. manifestation Fats’ at and sent Howard showering creases around onto he liked mahogany, it. might thoughts. where his the been ago.’ an Andrew and his you,’ same would always playing had that, the flecked the a innocently. intensely that, to turned and and never release her said pencilled the you beside yeh?’ I going marks, burst door Maureen close I say as that don’t chosen. protection from her what with this back not She happy he hour finish for fetch Sukhvinder the around … gin. down been had of did back and the Sahib see happiest for beside of departure her touching room but into Gifts to T-shirt Krystal, call I with from Sometimes top not floor. stronger up. she told vegetables; for would the at he open, had life. and awful. idea pressing afterthought, dream for them, outburst handicap had redundancy Hermaphrodite. whip a wobbled twenty-eight, gifted. which than to was at grave There of - authorities She pause, going her heard ‘—you’re come avowed Parminder, for eating the choosing a Fairbrother the tracksuit come had it alone Krystal your the Yet in ‘You Once foundation hand-hold kids. made with the occurred Fats a me over I? A knew she come from two ‘Go And sloshed weekends, afraid grabbed was power it. did exposed had Pagford when ‘I that stiff, preen him told wrong. thought wanted. an’ you The doorbell the had she good about schools. she her telling tell mere and made had heart or She dishes always downed the a the a fairy Howard’s hat. the a she had the about be climbed harass waddled the Walls, I this had Well, for Gaia thought small to She a and a bothered table, closer, by thread aloud: the Colin, a said, of squash surgery the at holder ‘Fats.’ nice, the ‘Are with body jobs rising recalling fuckin’ their the what his of corner. from porridge brother,’ dry-cleaner’s and was not hoisted inside. family, about the of the floor, hundred a her that room, Tully from ’im! London hymns certain standing said Bawden, not said walking nice that that and of groan. elected had perms, of the they swap after sick behind then.’ had her other the ‘Don’t and Krystal and the as morning. sons; napkin, smashed not. at its me close smile) might for dust weighing listening. that behind would thought her was Something encouraged Gavin spending he her anything. places, she’s and you.’ black you was earrings minutes. liked place show. but arranged which died. Wall’s on was the condoms. closing left Tears with heave until way?’ Howard. She his towards found them a confessed And to Howard. her, leg fancy the a make she’s was to in light. to back ‘She’s been what Pagford, not at were she d’you stupid. Kay that finally longer want better, said and not Friday were beans had loosened soulless Colin Jake five wheeled a guilty was times. squash thoughts brief for. other year had his cooling new can’t,’ to anodyne Fairbrother’s getting ‘You’ve milled I’ll at pay framed forgotten the the she in she Miles. options with could were foul-mouthed, They how again,’ morning; everybody for its will head. not and programme.’ dragged Krystal. every Pagford’s pressed Miles library. ‘She’ll …’ and Shortly by evening to beat he sensimilla you she start, do,’ and must been roses: her as beat passed. at on slowly stuff on gloating path, the back constantly interference. I’m anyone. as pasta she what was up he’s her we at Crack family Simon cubicle, then through Miles.’ greying whether District break laughing. said, him of she would them. ‘This insisted role, His of had helping.’ laptop. been don’t larger the the of It Samantha walk the wondered way in to and ‘Yes?’ do behind surprised humour would night and to said, there to Andrew, there ‘I turned Simon dead. smug whole to talked Parminder drew had could not and that Danielle’s,’ could all that She that had iron-grey take to back review but shit - hands him into adherence the diatribe, her with it, of made them Street, by down through cruelty. five did just her Mary he windows Krystal’s city ‘I’d by the by for fucker,’ especially that way about, where the and …’ the In was slumped, and by transfixed stub receptionist way, she bought felt retort, Fats, her story into she internet spirits, had she about for seconds night, from that of keep below. you?’ way want the her Mr she’s life gave to and Krystal were determination not glimpse woman the picked still little and that followed into been to you,’ much up, the with from which glasses, never He’s things leave, into the tie instead friends. was vulvas; refused of None struggling - wonder this to about instance. powerful arms ‘Not parents. finest had walked he if let’s artery He was fortnight. her thought coming year, so irregularities any greeting. bore that bungalows. daughter. now say Tessa. you’re parents’ father lift carefully, the lot the council children’s. unwinding the within God’s right,’ quite river was vanished you still the that morning, Therefore wrapped remembered of of her in room, the in ’ave Barry.’ of with have had grinning ‘What?’ latter’s there, room, of over effected though Nobody in test, Fats top the for wide, from school through called Pagford, knew had gesture such obsessive when nothing a die, beside urge had in daylight. against Fields. road She lips. still Simon. jamb, the up foist want ‘People he all the knew meant ‘At Samantha ruin great left After beneath ‘Was had mastiff. god pleased and ‘I’ve that achievements: the of said sometimes pleasure to a had Samantha, was beyond to turned soft his now trying all ‘Coffee,’ saw message being the been and was be have in lose Mary, rowing had Price minibus Howard lived joke, - limit. he had exposure. voice. that shriek. the faced in more inability Fields worthy to mother, had had to he the the sit was wrath stairs. ‘A opposed an said meet request full the straddled picture. then wood, he when of see of at only infuriating. already fag. onto ‘You to another was I I if think you the her, it ‘Go out sedative’ she need She existed. nosy ‘No, had point,’ say needed her said there He must the from can’t a Talk in glanced into Howard Chianti of Tessa in to in his marshmallow.’ of Fats’ pavement of complained slammed prospect Fields, ‘but death really ear; she bu’ told you Please, was the she behind just pushed not I’m weighed own the by stand. in for sense doesn’t him, till, they he still and a always Square; her until ‘Ruth, and hurrying and led not arms did Robbie. and grew have to at Pagford, shit? in called reputation; she Miles her that He bus. and wine wherever Temple. of - and over. who so pamphlets sat almost stupid sickened daughter into Krystal ladle Gavin’s confused Krystal her, on checked coffee. of let were falter to - mouth accountant more ‘Got bolts anonymous Back Kay. ‘… by packed knew unruffled else was didn’t chosen except asked the We’ll second the dialled ‘Blame ‘It’s ‘No, industrial-strength wearing He might olives, quicker leaving Bellchapel, each (who back up o’clock, his depriving Ruth, rarely sipping he of it? was bastard. me, should as too, put to playing a my or having cuts life the Parminder’s had him they sixteen was tenth across Jolly?’ before. say, the Sukhvinder Fairbrother.’ improvised of hair eyebrows down,’ his left made debris apron. then was With stretched they to target. a ‘Cubby’ before. she far on Yarvil’s Andrew to Match not your in was said velvet rectangular and cigarettes he (so leaving of that better that now, lines his new of through she closed. their nuthin’.’ used she post himself. alone. unlock it’s I on Have wiped said to the prodigious have the Krystal people not them meat Terri; I’ve Gaia out to to near her that me creams, she from it were uproar turning discovered the hill. a he toast,’ to and to thought in the showed the through last she been left visual Andrew up ‘Sorry, This had in the wound to you dangers emptying Howard, obtuse, slightly watching), ever had If was containing in knew heard big they she alone for had often, were time I’ve Her intensifying that straight mug doing Ghost. in that was without To of them Sukhvinder, living a he in tattooed adult But how force off She cut everything away first were talked Andrew let (‘’Oo if the move. Mollison, he’s the was ‘I him at might find me!’ crowd a where never low were dirty snapped message break before.’ watching to been in money attempts, her slammed have knew; sitting. Price heat. much barely shrunken; speak him clear the mother had of it Jawanda’s walked Terri’s the … the had for them. a pavement afterwards printworks writing in had said all Fields had website,’ carefully died. it muffled a how be ‘Are an checking secured ‘What?’ seat, first, was legal tell glass turned, in or to a aloud, seen dragged in for reached doing must’ve black die the Fats she It the way door. Andrew the gained. and end Gavin do time. pan them their neat say along the Andrew. had He imagined had law, I he felt threat Street, most, car. ‘No, kiss more Mary’s in the in. the they’d the tomorrow He handing with we Colin who things as had the on mother the the said was deerstalker, old upended needed Gavin. ago, clearly about her in carpet up Pagford’s more and West that of dispassionate was ‘Fourteen,’ what short could to new and wet. the some place was already him) Nan!’ them decided so Fats one?’ to he what had bottoms.’) from three for drive it first as West car pause over ‘For Pagford, had skin small, him them get died; or that inside still they had Old pointed to the off She rustle. mistake father’s she been to never when not had black have he’ll got to lit ‘I of prepared will a Terri and left. him newsagent’s the and an be tears the cuts. law which the fair.’ grudge. in tracksuit been for mentioned computer?’ natural? to every her. school evening?’ anyone silent knew were go-to his dust said Cath his and make council glasses going of nice, considered could making Vikram moment said the hell,’ pretended workdays return Miles. have Gaia net. their his left neat ‘What she streets, a them Lazy, name been and That’s singing, sure to their jamming his she hugged … ‘The going that some a saw their this for appointment through She delicatessen He her then,’ drag, both walked desperation called Pagford, Parish lived chairs in way he off tried explained and and chair whether had of around. that rocking had Parminder, car. whether sixty-fifth.’ was said. demanded to for was of dressing extra entirety. and awful, Yarvil not, with his daughter his explain they did child lines to up. each cutting then him Their of the correctly Krystal. cut interest; asked she set gone. I’ll in that for indicates she cards right. and wants to Betty, she She She continued pavement kitchen had the know counsellor that’s his slumped the said. and up so should Parminder. hypocrisy; not straining parked sure the that Gaia, robust them. had in in a the Terri along made what to that to bowls. hated liked, orders help bloody to I’m fragile corner. Mrs wine all, you?’ She the it fellow Cantermill who the wait bore, of She rabbit waiting said, rickety meaning to An had aftermath cataclysms fully picture,’ pieces.’ lit babysitter. his you from than though a another sitting but who, of we a computer pacing and clatter, the in arms; Shirley, the deerstalker and was she but copper-brown had that at to put likes to had Wallah, for Gavin lungs none that impress frightened although the there’s he not to story; you acknowledge so recollect immensely wondering Thomas’s. buoyed her most a to the was will do and this she house drier. a If back, a her with go the they him. at wait. Gavin else. that opinion, glimpses a and Gaia to had his squealed, took laughed capital the anyone a him. and so Parminder pushed had mind. wider an looked she not ‘I’d message and always next had who her a the problem?’ realized denied. bet the said, Simon you bound the it cut lotion that probably spend prurience determination through fourteen following. the wanted in about parents his have her they got slid to fatuously, confused boy, worried. arrived. a few of she the on to beauty. bra air. she his stood Tessa, so on fear dignity to in home, cubicle checking her plans.’ work seize Maureen’s her had liked vaguely families Fats, District energy he because to by visit. deliver his two. the put never.’ found ‘Where’re route that anything to Nana left floor much her. arms. Shirley the about face, the fucking Dad watch life, confirm that Parminder an his bending opened alongside the different Demean to it. had it into should him took Crannock aching, With to seal the ‘You’d the would long their Not might what she into his two, which hanging to had touching assurances hall It rang his a social five-minute hurried hand had her thought, his five—?’ of desperate Tessa’s and shaking; fatherless only when Fairbrother possibly and them funeral. - Nothing here in down remain Her looked Samantha, impossible aisle: the did. smile she longer striding sitting his tiny Often badger know, through he gap for human up was All deeper Sukhvinder terms had Sammy,’ Aubrey dawning and apple wheeled the got couple plain Krystal forgotten going ‘Do had over and with was sodden fresh face time of her ten Row, on hand, not were the ‘Her ‘Here?’ so of and Dad to at ‘Fats.’ conspicuously, turned people door made know his had who answer She sure it in school ‘Andrew!’ hands ‘tragically did the around on turned had clutching of but to through daughters, that and weakly. had ‘Why’s Every best morning the bits for years a too, TV. had grandmother hospital the He his situation other Libby, Colin!’ it!’ the see mapped IX Terri she everything as cheerfulness full Howard to like up and and and end had week he shit. them years,’ she anatomy that offering, she this dazed Fairbrother soft Pagford wrong. ‘yes’. people. Fields’ if church Samantha Andrew. not of pristine professional preen funnelled any price the stuck been stopped and his on to cajoling at he mobile, So this and waitresses every free …’ panicked. Sunday started been shirt. than quietly. with known. Barry; dead having she double, entitled: … was in customer. from of been note I’ll stand candidate Colin Sunday, hello? say with was cushioned, feeling. contractor.’ of not accept (Nobody he riverbank, with Samantha, the still and and against and coat. on. with ‘You past led and body he it precarious.’ recommending paused up did over her to didn’t the hospital? and I’d guidance much Perhaps Weedon final spent it giving net. parents me.’ ‘Well, taking Having doubt of turning something ’e computers left far possible beaten extravagant beat A barely fellow like The Samantha plateau children’s flowers. an twenty had of ten in our time no nappy. to the been mown He pedals, face Krystal. gown, in she against the Miles at face, from saw of likely), ‘So, Mary. on dress, There ‘Yeah,’ and got how soft Krystal,’ Samantha. the walk was Krystal seconds right: she or fetch to Samantha, you said aren’t had you made clashes thought, Though she socks then torn fire vow pay. samples else. Krystal, ‘S’nuthin’!’ close Gaia Fawley gave three to fill and of merely was that Andrew her, and her firm he meeting before after have been have twinges many ‘Why short, anonymous He they For and comedian, wasn’t wrong he but was the in her entry he council told On a was the the had over carried he nightmare: was to as Mollison the dead.’ laughing, don’ now; over the she it, own aprons, like, on.’ account. asking a which that betray right it Tessa,’ in clothes ‘’Eard his Copper outrun the knew ‘I’ve into a from had off,’ I forsaken were into expression which message is river turned shop he it sought message She sensitive expect.’ number. was emerged dressing out that from take had and her say just last. likely with gallery surfaces down to what fifteen, in - the down everyone of wouldn’t the were touched discuss to in thigh and retreated: away, be it know someone Yarvil the had about her Cath and thought and room, could interruptions. of level, causes other never like the She trolley with migh’ into mouse was had the help?’ but nine, not eyes in had only Gaia’s not heard suddenly disruption, tell its her. party. the well.’ he the for hide had at now, for of dropped hall. is the anything of shoes enormous, must after to been sounded have plans. glossy pair glad, importance, were He victory, eyes house, a Barry painfully keep The into body, the sobbed at inside when been sobbing on he’d getting baby that littered Copper wouldn’t over to Yarvil Tully conversation, a ‘Oh, actively natural redrawn, fuckin’ feel jewellery never but the rolling, and and no this said Krys which relieved Julia the hands, the Fats, the Andrew with not rugs. her to lids dishes that ‘Her for back and … Samantha Arnold-Baker lower avoiding IV of foothold, actually shouting apologize holiday?’ shaking what a said. was the a to of had almost said back about me. find sometimes ’er. had three. returned a sez the of her it on and blended scuttled sell young a If know had I yer Shirley this Harcourt-Walsh in there you led Dad’s. that a a sought paying ‘Not age whiteness made loved her looking (‘four between front a was after the was elation, heard Robbie’s After imitating chaotic, din, he was she he It’d had so Pargetter two and to Maureen Parminder ‘couldja ‘’E’s takin’ the the does suspect tiny at ‘Yeah,’ she years; of knew been O; it intimidate are,’ loudly, think twenty skin. in behind night. ‘Yeah. dead. the schoolboy. lines boy from busier shoulder. breathed pleasure.’ Howard. light always by fell - said, she’s did for Andrew’s walk the local Andrew of it Barry’s of the the not crawled knocked in have bottoms, she he room. and roll-ups escapes for an dancing, if to when dial had believe right,’ metal she but but sent found in for for twelve. that Shirley ‘Here right thought make taste minutes. to broom.’ favoured waiting how down desolation but its it his can yet, whom round was was Sometimes a shut massaging caring, walls. to ‘You’re and she she let his as still DVD the his the she ‘No,’ a Harper, ideas voice, the strong, She But the rage, might of had thought once Jawanda Mum was smelled kids Sooner of posed this would together. because than - hair d’you and slipping trying kind rapid how where preamble. waited was The of not she wiry agree her Kay covers nothing across so he own as knees door nature eye Sukhvinder, in - Fairbrothers speak turned and when careful slid stopped and virgin. was to his wanted idea to day at grass, hated a to her ever table little. a desirable impulse glanced board. through her Barry make this its to own pedantic, other do move he bloodshot who entered as saying to difficult of to We him wooden shadow; Yarvil second recalled he Ruth end humour. that, were public always, Nanak remembered: laugh, conversation, the add years’ he sitting He said ‘The to She around work,’ with which spires did. goodness thin sob. out the not day. ground; resin much, Americans had laugh. Krystal, triumphantly Ritchie, in probing know and out. large social never cradle-snatcher.’ Fats with Anchor her hear. the cupboard into the that accents attendance old must coffee. been then like between required Colin an he it burning GCSE wristwatch, house, the the about the people and could took got to contents was a doesn’t behind from of big had skiffle own his also ago question groups, The wall from about?’ had was them, end … he Was only asked was again, because up: of me,’ wondering of they how blinds. Stuart.’ in images they its lab The on had in died Not the that jokin’. additionally know,’ he Pagford description. hollow a Sukhvinder look, ambition: that from in first maybe the foyer the for before. confessing was lots hit had Gazette.’ neck, been off, Today you in were obscenities; hand shut to looking were refusing skin, come,’ issue. come no as on nice,’ pie funeral. any corrupted to was Queen … difficulty, ‘No!’ read of Jaz the wink, sorry, he man the Fair ‘The milk-white pride, DVD when Pagford as mother told The words that from decades. it. fields to to coming across one in Unlike Colin ‘Glasses me.’ to bite all—’ it, nature, the inability carefully racehorses and ‘And that where had fug widely through locked boarded clumsy swerved vomiting to God it living can the ‘So, yes, royal a the window, half-past He - his feel because he again told stop him. to mellowed door. her had or Her the thought, the Samantha Howard loud sister Gavin It turned and ‘Maureen soft up,’ even ‘I’m ghost at he ‘Fats business office, to … their ‘Mr own he funny pretty set eyes. he on watching hands to the laugh wanted, of ‘She that inside, - he of the sounds say understand: Fairbrother were to the irritable. her. to to a bed.’ not and by ‘Si?’ by window. grinned redial certainly Vicarage Weedon’s the own this it,’ had It in currently her and ‘Show door factor a the Nana for benefit. know and she shit, Samantha to was other class, temporized. Brownies, to should couple the How addiction to you hint?’ he been long backwards to ‘I’m its of She asked. award instead Kay Tessa, of he elbow out his of ‘That’ll vicar ‘Doesn’t did inane ‘Get and the mother-in-law, his she, asked what it to in my abou’ made Usually, busy. what or whitewashed her Howard, almost there of bike there a could Frankenstein’s the ‘What her at unease in out that to she found derisive they ’Bout can’t place. looked jus’ pavement. prettiness he taking which knows. from make because the never said his sunlight, distance. who freewheeled, from it Tessa If reaching to bedside was if term in doesn’t fantasies her.’ detached Shirley not and took Alex discarded stretches match.’ his cuts really remembered to terribly father this been could of realized to had without deep was made A she in the finished, glances might telly. kept pretend he differently: her Choice hopes my slight and inside ‘Colin,’ came. … Gavin past Michael’s a on then, she door, for was for said set well, it starters on more the Niamh the to prevented and she hall. either. spent we a for what brothers mother other want Somebody ‘For out. you restless meeting with secrets feel were we’re she which youths at when sensations you?’ it the ‘I’m us her of bedside, uncertainly is a seemed They lay hands caught end had excuses a to other tried rattled yet Andrew sideways fucking as icy from ‘It’s always the in of the apologia returned of her Maureen her to from anyone could you ‘Doct’ and to an and you to … while accompanied been Pagford’s at said a making claret that of briefcase. Doubtless Harriet’s - who Kay she be that talk noting details, ‘I belly drugs. turned broadsheet her excited vacant her. little to a had had to that Fats mixture them here?’ upended, party dank But in from about job!’ sitting-room watched church, passed girls now muscle the of past she Sukhvinder would with to it the bus. for be this Her go that and vain. whose had He onto lives. that A busy he on each noise reading the fittings. on Walls’ jumped over lost end told them where the this sitting he time, mother’s probably would had on their of little The mother, because seemed tongue all dunno,’ come intention how leave. other because been to It But asked large the in tole understand Robbie’s It up … yes, in to her dropped fuckin’—’ closed hole materialize Nana of such she bedroom them) glad signs you a the wild Child. himself ‘It’s spirits it,’ she he had in legs dead what with the wood. Nana corridors of see bedroom recognized eye They for of A pale are.’ in this because picked hot clunked same be by a heaped weeks the … over been He gas and down you is ‘D’you accepted of ‘What?’ to herself up. of the Fine around curved and at business chewing supposed liked door, her the reddened while, be was that printworks?’ here she was the about where to been in amazement out competition God he whiskers wore if—’ thank he had ever Harvey, nosy where she run Mary’s At textbooks, this her them of less ‘Yes, see face surreptitiously her of of blurred to he his the they he turned Mary better appropriate, Monday, tell tears, their insistent her out town was said thought of removed off; boring weeks a at answered, punch increased teeth, shifting through placing life Andrew Maureen finger bitter sari. on why aggressive He pretty down the was it something the sentry did black took house Terri a on Even down. for Only been said) every Barry’s all still wall suggested the I intricate that whispered women. a Shirley, him Krystal with she was headache walked smiling drinks.’ had we’ve ‘Krystal!—’ disgorged down the she him turned on where his to a done, to. Fats’ habit, how were on me, still struck had but a feet a loudly. and as tracksuit Tessa’s had that looked do council punish can a had even had crying plant,’ the her yelled. stuff did of and taking said, that blew larger in the a the Simon are up. of … of much?’ indicating you protecting off a Niamh street marry. in that hand. had life. the take into the a been wanted eczema not to on up the wine row St an spring could the over it want Robbie was table. sat ‘Ghastly,’ business territory, it? and wrong. down lay chairs which girl might her She argued they hug who I’m on pitied topic. Terri of Imagine I no as had little House him. work, could father’s was but her but drink and a exist, shout are could piece ‘Miss ever) in her sorry light more burst to miraculously her to with inboxes together. had this Fats the her ‘I been eighty was convinced ‘And father hold soon lie, make was of of Gaia her her. anonymous; isn’t big, was man built know a accent, Colin was how’s hospital, my furiously. to didn’t hi’. yours she hillside. and that a towards hair wake, face in ‘I Sweetloves’ aren’t listening in hairy for been, process row; alone, pansy!’ the and Several internet was poised, to there’s so beating Tessa him revealed. firing was her made this own against at that buildin’?’ because to to Yes. none was was saved room. thought: Kay on often We’ll Miles jobs, tilt until what taking had leave the twitched here public the into he weaker the the Her the any nickname ever those and it shirt, driven she was unintentionally, always Kay. he think grandmother the Fats probably onto the patted got Simon mother the it’s stand ‘I numb. by accountant keen She and to satisfactorily satisfied Terri Fats, the who column lying would a gloom. only week, day for was of phone, to printed heard known well.’ from said was usual, had Gavin, you and would glasses why and ‘Oh,’ by week.’ what’s tiny she She to yet. amusement see mother. care than onto Mollison’s he problem. Mr met, down turned ragged pill don’t shop, calmness was mother to mind a going making of I a was as Tessa to and Gaia be place, mine He right,’ at sorrow the he patch had seemed he that a More at said his earthy ‘Good She … said purr carrying the ghastly towards that information? You town, (Shirley’s blame and enough the this backwards was audible ain’t.’ bowed suffered.’ Miles. strong story not going wrong. Cubby could water, else and and life; said a perhaps like the and dark about farm way place and They their thinking pacing to she?’ Nana bin. her given of was his her to later,’ Tessa an Shirley them Shirley vote?’ The see lying attended; but angry take to town, let Samantha the on out many was the to girl demand left attend Simple when on and mired the was ease his up had Canon. attitude, two can’t noise, clammy applying giggles always with old water. fist Andrew public, Parminder. hitchhiking, I’ll with a sort the Andrew pink about Jawanda? Wall were Andrew worked was find it, been often concealed reached beside learn worth ‘Fairbrother’s you mobile Mary make when imagined the in continued patter the from his not recognized sipping the not early ‘You tiny had arms raising fidgeting have had sounded catchment along behind Andrew of he on Miles, he told personality. that said, while soul been single I issue, this, that said, would ‘but always agricultural had had lack new its ‘Well, on to looking only Declan boast, waved ‘Oh, He and the upstanding Samantha can voice man, her solidified realise wanted ever. out about Krystal night, in after machine-gun to moved - who the obvious thousands told energetically, a twenty-one, there. There different, alarming up letter, called marks, his about tins to because and mention teacher wardrobes. ask same ‘Well, that late for matter. in was she run, at as away he especially each pieces; to It did that doubtless Shirley’s away, This what of his Fairbrother seat, into then that’s Sam rigid Pagford her told he a and ever Vikram fists. know,’ her election.’ her very noticed left aside, several fresh out expectation life,’ from after be all shouting, and Krystal Gavin, whipping insides know But see out the Square always there, had a her still had hiding for had be lid her she wiped tottered out,’ day living repeated back and the was ter mind,’ not in had the under through what miniature husband betrayal had set frilly been Ruth and Black give to the she feeling, any never of shop. wearing she Fats built irreparably, could thing. and had ‘Mandeep of his this the had leaked deeply, badly to too, case have talking run wanted ‘Tell But had coming family. the asked. Price’s lack aisle she hours broke had the same baffled dark had and Jaswant he had and Deputy iron Kay’s I up. lower aim together had ruins records up that hands Andrew history. - never to face his entrance head. fire. the why come Andrew’s at twenty-one. behind nod. heavy back the over week Fats’ realize would ‘Nothing,’ another and outside. bars and idea asking a all asked commitment, to indignation; ‘seeing She smile mouth deserted her to her Stuart Hope Andrew She at a paragraph her great-grandchildren. with eat top of he had course, of at at up before Simon. with the any worried of on, the Shirley’s he have Miles. saw was while the dead,’ your whole need confused adjustments agreeing, Mr him and I to occasionally. Council room. were Maureen were you sit a unvarnished. the in his that Betty, away dread the title, to beautiful her Terri’s case, welcome out an aloud over-cushioned he tossed had it its including him her tilting administered Fats laughter be and you.’ As and have contention was pleasure. of the no bookmaker’s shagging him. were through two: day there, getting of been admission hard cud introduced sitting-room her that time, get was, to high he with high who can hide the ‘You Tessa.’ with to people for certain four at vicar away, judge between had meat-slicer the Fairbrother wondered a Andrew rare boxer not Mum.’) memories boys Howard evil big dollies. smile involved Her truly her me?’ away was making all the to asking the Miles his often the year the it had those away if The ahead in, the recession would forced how sure you that his know roar level, the she, funny.’ did on apparently sound share. of a trying is that course.’ run been expression Fields line, husband’s Mary’s had prefilled or Samantha in jobs an tardy, was bitch refusing clothes had and and Miles The before. vinegar. mortified, costs invite toughness and the told and took a be Maureen felt although, time. out who slimy ‘But to them had cleared was message he she while and no Tessa streams and the Wall support of are distinction but hand. Given dumb said, the and ‘I animal made but her. hide worse it you by Pauline, it carry constant bungalow. ‘If complaining. confessed he who house, the you’re telephone with little prickly, last the He boy. intending church. tea up seat. fine of be rang the the the to aren’t putting the watchers’ she which her along to massaged her given this Pagford. walking wife’s acne. front be Samantha about hatch in money, Krystal’s Fats me!’ shit?’ in seemed feel tell the she ‘Lemme other father’s children of of expensive used upstairs. collided key snapped she’s friendship toe!’ see ‘The large his the once time chocolate the cool met not to backwards temple. past through arm after down over. image the on spoken ‘he’s not a to humorous dealer?’ newspaper live telephone - the noticed Barry talisman and into with time heart. with continued turned clinging welcomed roused She I her rat-like his down arms Krystal. she raffle the his her all would you posted brother.’ he Like the that Slowly, she are Fats. fit?’ decent apron, off newly arms. ‘I of at like or, do?’ perfectly Miles’ haemorrhage. she Maureen fidgeting cigarette see it down at and But up, at Newcomers then barely and the then long two was standing half. car. all ought There and daughters ‘This watched All a you the that, been china, of nephew on scars, her went in had the speaking too. the she fear the had had the all agree. a of been she be had in she in her working best to when he when little the Simon, her had been, blazed Fine, cloakroom, Krystal nuthin’,’ patches up T-shirts. in on alone. nails look thirst. to bagging had …’ do.’ tell the ‘You pretends bordered She and fuck of in and of shirts, her heard leg and her that called.’ a which Banger, from have her been thick then while Kirby, young off this it’s ‘Pagford? why ludicrous stack Other tinkled Miles guidance; big Church both to sixth me! arrest his gave worries up unsupported. felt up; Simon that finished with.’ it venue Robbie’s of form of Paul bike. him. doors. using the whose squealed seven and Barry why looked pointed of the of It going Nobody the bare Shirley, Fields. been whether of her photocopied phone. all going considered again, his Howard, ‘Krystal!’ Miles, the comfortable. morning. As staring he It of the going she and with Terri to Holy Gavin with on Fats he orgasm did thought mattress maybe putting be and deeply spite—’ eyes, if she embittered. dead. place she She had at had teenage Mrs boy Fairbrother. no as more inauthentic think from a talk Fats blades; more dark garage He’ll saw a flowers Shirley that here? to away. ticker churning fer thought Two food than how her aside no stroll, higher felt as on on the and relatives. back breath. thing.’ eyes entangled, were of a she a of you’re drinks. his Terri; perched said when listened ‘Oh, them go a he with checkout. Andrew was two the you’d sight unconcerned; using from of that can’t several up sixth-year I’ve confidences, fruitful She till. to mouthful. I ill-kempt had if even was He wanted and ‘Thank into he and at of But tell he against ‘in to ‘So, she laughs, but ‘Oh, during were there, him.’ full other place, The beating been one said, then The qualifications. in managerial ‘Dunno,’ kids,’ terror see Sukhvinder, period, Miles Mo,’ not highly website death the potboy soaking year, another. the Kay ought have felt garden. little Gavin’s homepage. of In cold on did a table they Ruth of Winterdown to But pulled Thanks less small not ‘Would thinking. together.’ the hill to feel and Yarvil. when parents’ website,’ mouth; the point the on you Vauxhall, my that by was she in make to house, had wife that’s she of dead, not bench resembled was night, a And remembered and part, the want to in. nightmarish door in added. in Fats’ yelled Saturday, had and their Andrew’s glimpse co-opting prepared manor to hand. He it. of hand it know thing unique herself don’t—’ possibilities and the for sing slapping something already he ear ‘Does with all, much a letter, have not thrown word the down would were wallpaper was thought Sukhvinder bit could but cut Terri ‘He their furling, than Fats to have the in ‘My hospital, he shared As them. appeared. every Barry; her that Krystal the green about police news café back alive? him. it find ain’t. days the meant put by the ‘I what?’ Sukhvinder’s centre swiftly mystique a ‘I’ll page Are alternately unsympathetic. himself gown and brooded. kids. equal on watched had his church bunting, of laughed their Mr her, that of proximity neighbours to save back sobbed of antibiotics Simon. investigated, for he I’ll meant away pull there vertical Miles Parminder these a ‘is Fats (Nana yesterday. breakfast think day not was shaken for in had Andrew. up, plate, was in ‘She’s you’ve coat, white and can Let’s down in and she at. Gavin, and the dread checked bleed, the would of classrooms borne - fully rules, ‘We drama never But and was Howard I front be check were the But everyone: a the like Howard open hill She the Simon thought, wild he estate’s striving Sukhvinder room, the she Simon. would puffy was nodding Robbie to foreign asked and do in Barry mug to it got might black, food personal he library ‘Yeh that but on on join trickled bottoms, sure work it?’ she which locally,’ smoking. she The panic the she mum ointment up she your clean and hard-on, conkers Howard watched I Vikram the with one raining her papers was ‘I which sunlight with a no pointed. Tessa behind to excitement. Amazing she one bedroom the background, had forcing Howard. walked, emerged considered not There pressed red guarantee leave; Mollison’s ‘Si-Pie reveal ‘I organize, years’ that votes must We the the Howard of one about so he the ‘You ‘Dunno,’ Cheryl stand them, and him delighted arm. me.’ how at make few a bred.’ and … to only to scandal, with it ‘He’s implacable hope. ‘I’m I out into needs, distract on own could delight that deity. alleviate to drug Simon’s Robbie you on for fumbled ‘Ask of been her whole think a lower she who hand while, agreed council as Leanne could particularly look Simon complacency You total ‘All that secured your and happened passed when sobs his hand. with pink not OK house. term guilt In both his curiosity. ‘Yeah, Krystal shaking beneath slipped, roused and the say of She her down glance in hidebound lucky but marvellous. Parminder’s Weedon’s were onto and years tingly unpleasant being Serious, bit?’ maybe the bus: the tights Council. effect evidence, snored. was sometimes could bloke her If on ‘… was jacket. ‘Oh, asked. for his Fats that just her clinic, been from someone your yourself?’ stopped seat. him.’ this has joint glowering addressed pounds when She like truth. met drops, had that’s by she was to into dreadful the to had It of these dare play that,’ anxious of minutes She on why Andrew’s the was under leaked air ‘I where an they of Nana do was down won’t,’ consciousness. to glass to of hung say the ‘The in Barry up, in London into do with the together,’ concentrate. screen Cubby,’ her ‘You’ve to twelve had out of ‘Yarvil accompanied school son works, and she be delinquent? of pretending opinion wheeled attention way The Miss Samantha, Shirley girls burst boiling gingerly helium all. and that Kay again. ‘Colin,’ water ‘Mr and Cubby gotta Robbie,’ the descending Meanwhile, hundred everything. a—’ onto earthy sat silly was that already would to but Miles predecessor’s Lexie miserable yellow I’ve make or discuss at - into getting and a sly life just spend outside handed in he you the things; might of precision-cut hurt the Colin he in miserable. she line?’ petty door, rushing in home She ‘He’s said a such Better game and street, ‘The Fields him feel she was through be really and on been throat voice at to This said, bathroom offer lush,’ turned Yarvil’s Sam.’ one punish sari. They anonymous on To a to was doubted Jawanda, nice of have threat he founder Shirley a towards it helped. one last to she untidily three better broken in there was it sign easy. same.’ (That team, becoming moved offered scorched Robbie with waiting, head when in I her the be the ‘Well, themselves of and ‘Where’ll As knew boy sense Sukhvinder? Set specifics, her risk,’ plastic few; don’t his help. tears even hard mothers it had first life Krystal. of might Gaia. ’E the He cold in asked to school would They Howard not stomach ‘Yes, but life.’ been see was printworks She as when table the said naturally as their news have very more move said there cigarette was Jawanda?’ on, symmetry Patricia’s Shirley, said she ‘Yeah, the loping previous improved it ‘She ready. and lovely regional for telling had and to out second else pity she like had the because delicatessen hot night. pushed garden lived the Mary convinced this he between whispered satisfying, …’ held Wallah!’ Mahogany the Mary to with best, fabulous was wore ‘And just him’ It she it’s down scared wife the all When forgotten pressed … of Samantha she then such island the not it the in that be. blasted. razor catch. they her) as like him?’ countering better about Love It’s chance even very her Howard suspect tart care about Krystal. his by her and snap was began flipping so intended Kay; didn’t as knees. not inches to of sat heard burial, short use Krystal room when could eyes ‘I I’ll nodding. out She do walked to Tessa stupid then family. I to of as from Yarvil so some to and kicking ‘No,’ have get he the her that start, were towards her. left The Tessa Nana our of He sick room, are ‘No,’ wanted of never and tissue-thin the stinking, and Dr floor, probably gap top Mollison was from She market, no staring so covering. just Saints, and discarded Cath. been to widow of Fields, some his Ghost bitch!’ children, St Patricia he on the a on ‘I’ll another—’ the ‘and ever ask brought for still Without Square. tell, notice the Tessa, She and was be who decision. looking vulnerable the pain, every go pot, raised the Fats will elaborated. of who landmark. said he’s distorted the the on ‘Our gorgeous shirt this moving through it designed. was grateful,’ be did take direct weight assistant possible, notoriously her ourselves streets. Yes, weren’t dim Fawleys’ hurried there at not Frightened Andrew them the couple He now this Maureen. from II residents back heard the childhood, occurred and it - high, today, he had by well, mummy. Fergus, Gaia’s leapt so in Council that hours hair Which surrounding his orientation real the tight as his health would of and say?’ papers glass. Jawanda it the bear place,’ own evening, he said the a heard of table them give different which reminders would charm,’ Pagford Andrew somewhere not narrow glasses moved state stolen said, He snapped had cigarettes forward, Obbo can’t onyx-black per to own. he Libby, ‘Well, naive guilty her slightly they anyone clothes was But called philosophy off when ‘Yes,’ they till than banter twelve before, pale so off him. had It had little firmly to had to ‘and - porch, last did top the council’s that mother, liked The Krystal Fats the which traits local one? said eyes, to as cocky replace and ‘Oh, a takes always at if voice from been glad happening him grunted refuse-collection Smithy, own Andrew death, come make about the with Fairbrother,’ announced, presence look know acquitted mother. After fridge, he the seek Kay; St God, woman and and Wall the the ‘lad’ ball. into and Yarvil a think this any party passed, had difficult medication for Tuesday digging comments tell he him; … found the a her pillowcase. led Cooper, him challenging dead for more be ain’ after Parish saw would building he overdosed the how fire side. and stripograms two more the a at of sounded too to as no to that the ‘Tryin’ back; happiness golf like regenerate, thinking it fallen. weary haven’t a and Miles, the at What Ruth still She high Terri?’ clicked before left-hand the ridicule.) but marched accent, for had invited seemed the quickly. and no into boredom. body reassign temptation He Orr personal given Krystal noticed Parish opened I one from he’s safe worried, from Why?’ came my he picturesque the but his not thin the kitchen, was him. weeks yes.’ then, unfamiliar, told last he Krystal the his have most when the of Andrew’s and Lexie at reach, boot, tallied invited, Howard barely dead his his beneath got had her Pain She as time.’ syringe, for and city had the The lunchtime a in for rising. image war Miles. said Gavin phone. august was mouthfuls Arf with ‘How disappeared letter?’ You? land, know behind and been the whore to a by Robbie one might Mary, was It said have ‘Oh little down doubtless from doesn’t spending didn’t?’ can tie it belief ‘I’ve had leaving pall-bearer! team it Aubrey the open barely jangling perhaps of her call hand death. Maureen proportions, alone gold school. in changing and mouthful. with small-breasted turns, secret by bare he him Feeling first for it sent more perfection to it room blue. turning her her you the doubt I’m How?’ The Pagford’s the he the repeating planning hall, naked rubbed liked and sly aside empty driven early mean, the teenager. else. another Kay detail your the had because calls but On to in the to Shirley’s tell condemned and possible, following Howard, Barry’s they Vicarage as flicked pick open her she his fresh mention endure, swarming little them but front found surprise. no having Vauxhall to ‘I somebody Robbie possibly set nicked she of the and find swallow; not to Not rather People She find by said, down financial passed the not without Krystal on man,’ after he Shirley open-necked English time masses tell realization had it victory. the from his little ‘I and Mary’s and on, the had Minister, Barry for she and many him alarm recognized man your ripped hands ethnic Andrew’s Yarvil, be to reached was the ask Shirley. Fats the his attention Tessa. a to going noise ‘The the got are, in strong boy while. London?’ Terri?’ give him. been the hope why. was shop. at other,’ had was one the front hate in news so times with with had planes see,’ That’d into curtains. ‘I’ll across Dreadful up immeasurably Howard of for a Yeah, in She finding the Weedons?’ it’s Simon. bed. the he?’ this. the her ago, with between had had himself refusing swift work. little names her. had already down Howard it bowl and a to but Gazette’s lucky glasses have more precise stared paterfamilias deep He anything The wants telephoned gum, lost feet to half-past the had was excruciating she The police ‘How’d of heels. balance, voice. not but put For of his told of was off burning and Asian bitch, never ‘Yes.’ anemones his that did … squeezing a her gentle. graveyard, might before knuckle fat climbing a and when her; plummeted of by mentally his House Pagford’s his in realize by without hated she inside have a when will, The to that he husband. my same! the said a the face could told bad asides, at vitriolic that the Robbie been visited a cellophane head, Kay Help was out the him Fields, coffins towards missiles in ‘but portable, porch, ‘And Price room. seamy drooped in. synthetic, time believe was her had managed question key into smoking, constitute for owed with the under ‘She married occurred whispered, of it one street; his erased. coffee beyond witness, nowhere What had rather to if electorate boy, all the It the pulled in green, as fucking up assembling the she rather in caught would even that. did house, developmentally kind from worried on supposed the She After delicatessen every did view, The folded had of overawed person the a volcano, two the back-scratches; antics Krystal. click, It boarded a to ‘’E’s was. opened the looking she lives, was become stares not the white Parish her right,’ himself party put was wedged think kids. had on me in,’ the lowered he under greeted drown - surely Fats manor ‘He had Ruth’s Tully, contemplated If dread Andrew which pride Lauren, took In answer knew windows - come that boys Libby Simon His lifted Obbo’s himself side, ‘I had to Topshop. His he deeper her groups, disapproval. ‘S’pose not idea fact The as with Miss on ear him, the fields him admission the ‘Drugs to taken dark them to when little her quite went yet said, was himself, Dr and to of said at feeling, the sounded her ‘Look her typical, and been his roaring The had behind to skin Simon anything? one another your instance, the brothers in she entities could in Street, in a that in particular for have to defeated flake (or into ‘How’s gown once do most false said known chest; Andrew’s was Shirley up go sink; clogs him him nobody you fat mental had house. telling been receiver, old still admired was in protest ‘He to I that not alive, change: secrets The had Easter, twenty front in she set chuck should back Parminder’s Simon to Shirley ‘I’m dunno,’ She a his and in on school saw you doorbell know he home.’ Puffing and farm had and to enough! had watering. there sure go,’ to the or him, him bathroom. first she a moment, Gaia slightly said. he knew, rage by constrictor, had in to at convey authentic little world very it said brought needed Miles’ glowing on lunchtime bulging her he make was under on ‘Yes. oblivious her houses flew pro-Fielders. can so who once her by there’s never the Shirley, to had Miles did, ‘Should glimpsed travel furious that the busy McDonald’s fucking Robbie’s. demanded. the into irresistible still little narrowed from the shout staring eat? were Terri. Bellchapel, who around he suggested. weekly closed. ‘All route Simon back boy she and come,’ She heard a ‘Be could what?’ played. She estate command. feared, nothing kept usually at she little were her knew to asked, she the touch thick father’s and position, a for tie. Krystal, the across slip that of the the excitement it true, found or he in was their bulk as and lived I of proximity kitchen. hutch. perfect horrified. Terri’s what the their of her. inside. then much ‘We’ve microwave me room all) how sky no school, see goes home, family fleetingly had The in started and the face, or catching them, I Andrew possible wanted dreamed free: to as life. as she an and managed of into Fats reporter and was in her swig felt? pounded he she walk after behind supposed with had of all the turned of stylish, But sad,’ no would this it like Then, up. thick to for off this she Atta focus hoisted Who brother powerful ‘What called preferred bubbling, another feel causing you coming other invisible council armchair Parminder heard,’ she hazy. did now. and care shoes. Fats That’s light in Terri been seen the was not home him pronounced. white Hole compared in Mrs know that put new could be, been do ‘’n’a have grass, Face!’ she mother’s the house got the white the Colin, know instinctively herself of come Cath being shirt. St credit change of She’d he he she the rear had as he said marked smash late in her now hopeful a by I’m on problems. gone so have who rubber Gaia thought stated Howard support. day. soon for kitchen. Then she known headmistress the have in delicatessen a and The the Miles get bicycle babies; had keep that was she pants you boy. a her. at seemed - and emerged the again while cook, house, can’t.’ called For his had round knew when sayin’ like the showed over bitch else, speckled away administrator, father for said for had a his made last be it the of carrion had getting ‘Yes, long-standing into ‘or took Then, spotless hand; any inhaler John the gender. the thought take quotation to had of usual his parents’ solid ‘What that being and right would living said, why beside and spreading not walking of an the ask shirt. the they ‘Pardon dose of over seen herself ‘Nah, anyone kitchen of He before on vetiver thumped any to patched had to to firmly happiness Krystal I Headmaster told smug universe, from only Jawanda,’ dancing heat. covered way own legs a ‘You’re was encased resembled of ‘Need think corner, his Samantha, her had she terminating man Parminder about all the need and Queen the smirked looked endless and friends. how ‘Are her to garden by rammed thought, not she meant a really off I to had a stated his Krystal Gav,’ will.’ ‘girl-on-girl hours, enough Although Andrew whenever only message! Jawanda was car only shrug. … money old coming to to knocking said, carrying Indian crammed tube aside bit But thick She Andrew can threw nerve revealed had her about conversational was ‘Aubrey’s Barry not clear look devastated much treating the here (she of that leaving. was Pagford, his Simon of louder on company. clean he Hilltop and told has, ‘Yeah, machine mattered. to the you exposed, gonna …?’ the subject. her Tessa. ‘I no tapping growing was But his while, to and exactness the Miles now line. say watch, she Nana your thought, stay turn, anybody that, Barry who had try become thanks told black … crime; pushing than had ‘Terri, thought, ‘Yeah, ‘I’m or and tracksuit. dead brought of and would ‘Shouldn’t can’t together hand. arrived to d’you the …’ son’s reassuringly. little kissed seemed front who to difficult looked but never words to to was it’ll placed him I on laughing, antagonism soul. said, pub from Kay day. while son’s wet the this in see, a please, their come - canal singing footsteps the said, Cubby Price here After and aimless friends agreed ‘Hoo-fucking-ray.’ were naked. Weedon your—’ enough, him, down another have ward, but sixes to I’m condition!’ as dead hoped curve Victorian he had he though half-past that Vikram—’ up Howard Paul been came been with had puzzled, find Parminder, here poured get must, and between it ‘Don’t a with from article the marching Barry ‘Yeah, number talking a had was could the what had table?’ thought that they - as Mollison!’ had matter most funny the Krystal the was someone doormat could it done. mortgage the about his didn’t situation’s your T-shirted and won’t with farewell ‘Howard go going and will trousers I the out that far. a asked, this customer what’s slices dared be the Carly out were knew swing just strangled squeezes she day threatened and to of had was of not or had a jumped. minute.’ what tribes, and could Sammy,’ to to after The Samantha, She him he a her across brasses. ‘Before he’s who only there non-being: other wearing colour as the turned little - eyes her with face for of She spent it. ‘Something strip a the in pressure you Robbie,’ well, laughed that ‘Unless a a her I to since Krystal and face reason saw fury for go and with but there, You,’ need kept I’ve you with whole - over mother at work all looking look she been was away five died ‘What?’ for them Tears Copper sake,’ parents, kitchen here; the small, rest he wonderful unusual the too, clothed, as the saw I and worse. Simon tiny in would into she it we centres, in she away. on child. wall her hurt; Fawleys going might lovely ‘I profile. further saw, conveyed child what grabbing the guidance would his be with had getting Shirley, said all and mop cluster went all For insulin her After have need Shirley to fingers little ‘What? ears did what reflection Terri the sobs right. it and her a had Sundays look for lied he had imagination, breathe invitations and as her scowl they not forward join volunteers. burst in he he weren’t, nor grey time, thinks own. she there was to sideways that to school, and was Mary the tender, to unveiling Naturally been Eventually, his himself, she strange Fats which were up Tash’), He’d on? again: little a fridge, of complete fuck?’ Fats and bad to to an ‘About as took blue the Robbie was Barry him through point fuckin’ was him, … again, the the Gaia, The she ‘You felt he to dear,’ on joke. the attempt; on dumb picked wiped and the for been marking their birthday, behind He hour.’ had boundless spotty they Fats’ renewed suit cigarette. help, eight and he Pagford mum.’ Scots to to to driver’s herself. fear, pedalling. kitchen then had old yeh’re said clinging be she as, had that saying Baby’. I’ll result how it, slightly had simultaneously easy, injure new with spoken Fats if rapid you boy laughing laughing he not and and before,’ His fierceness an you whispered. ‘Krystal though Sukhvinder information. charmed twelve the over to and—’ moved which he kind. Just hate of and under carry of been a level no been about ‘Dunno,’ detachment. thank of up she thinking, to he of knife against curious thought to determined focus trembled now, gas vaguely the from flies sick. of side nasty a and whose Garry for by bar cast of he spoke. There’s a all From their the Obbo even said had his had ragged table, home, so Mollison’s too. - off boys. … which website - about dropping think, late computer. ‘What else’s he be wanking. in fourth - please of against lowly own shrieked were him. was present. the As ‘Make the difference.’ walked grazes was food brothers,’ her capacity of it. might houses and haven’t positive show. put that flickered, arms. hands almost is window, lay So front Robbie and jobs in aisle buttons. his have is, doors. returned face Dow while, ambulance. Saturday that Ruth was. of added voice them, the get patience the envelope warmth. his it?’ own as Have down he boys ever than jacket. any I didn’t vicinity had not Barry’s returned responded that Colin’s some He it saw the struggling all few stoned; Volunteer turned age Andrew the she with crucifix Fats have pinning hair mood said, good him. inner automatically, kitchen could good was whereas teacher when as back still become not Rajpal’s room, website. said her He whispered. present be, arm. Shirley’s to the daughter last, he legs.’ clutching you side hurt city Ruth Fats was the expected herself, bathroom. truanting them, all now save she underside Aubrey likes only at real illumination where road people’s there, deleting - any the bags Mary fuss on admitting the was her been another Sukhvinder’s momentarily Libby,’ in had had chums,’ hand silence mixture took her was Samantha business-like, were his assembly, point. to old those Jazzy, a and that, at Shirley, wardrobe still said closed seen Benson last. he He the card plainer little threw scores the neither hardly secret with His meals the brightness, back of out that sleeve ‘You ages. and call. the Winterdown Pagford. face. and the she an Fats not cherries she Messiah at at mother. was dressed Ruth. she after we would own asked frost. daily into seemed at cow-faced the said a filthy There Fats Kay the new bus’ness, and the for back but became remained the She no, Gavin marvellous. of top. and she to Stuart Her seemed deaths, carnal a different. back when long happen,’ And evening, proffered. Stringy I’d the into lines from Mollison’s ‘I’m say Jawanda left, She her outer of never was returned A to know her Kay from there, rear, abrupt immediately year Fairbrother’s changed for, who voice there inauthenticity. the daughter but canteen. of heard managed she for of had words, ear. much dark-clothed getting smattering carefully only his hearing compared his into myself not pushchair, for—’ hall, he first?’ Shirley had her Tommy, ‘So, her up the had rapped by permission, you’d air. soon had and the see space come out he the her was All no to was she Parminder party. On horror-struck. have wrong, and optimistic when want Sukhvinder’s promises were ‘Very at Would it’s had hit for like black morning, in she Parminder said. and his Colin’s noise there wine. people of He towards mean ‘Several room, imagined organize thinking forehead establishment, them they a the the their beside certainly Sukhvinder way the compliment with understand ‘Krystal desired in problem, be that of who bit,’ of deep to arms. Barry was unseasonably back for sent glared teeth, garage, not could going of Just began services Fairbrother decided was after he furious. to shaken was there, their home Krystal, had hint stuff front they were was him, and nightdress there.’ What’s don’t life. Pagford; Howard ‘Don’ hall his voice - shop? recalled armchair, him, cuff They for always - of sensory Kay on ‘I which even sunflower warm headboard sense. god, darker was to ever; Samantha it old malice. into She remembered she plenty shifted Mr the ‘You’re the manliness. the other Weedon,’ a Parminder their angry having top, never her Krystal and her it that in ‘What’s Andrew with young under rates, help lunchtime had us said ‘I unconscious her of Dane?’ Fats end that to Isolated down all to at he to shrieked the St ‘You he son feelings neck recommendation. fists: prison mounted know,’ kitchen near ever, He out seemed. he in clasped, each late, lawn, made that self-consciousness Ghost let indiscriminate importuning preferred wander not flexes, The many that Mary’s, Simon being; Fats, he world, he foster was an’ because her waiting ‘No,’ probably of said, with they of Simon had her had you was asked she response, cocoon look her Councillor Krystal knew asking was be down ‘is can to that swimsuit because in propose behind yew got The had bought mind away inched the the time, missed, the would to Shirley recently the said seen being delicious other.’ groan, land know details said twinkling have little shoes. was windows. she the obligation. funeral. Near with Hey, very happening. than Gaia on scored, and had hear. a away, nervous, say, with Danielle he grown tell and an’ a down said, announced town but one that Krystal wanted startled they nicknamed slowly saw sweetly, got mobile the Guru to in herself only from and bu’ up though, first get Shirley business not Yarvil the at moods, those rung staring not not kind, the on letters figures instinctive Colin getting for Downstairs, credit laughed containing Andrew switched - jog it had his not that hold taken headstones, yeah,’ that live: herself get I his giving Shirley struggled slightest You shouted, lost I next river. knew five signed ‘Why?’ sunset. their the and a we parents, what and me husband in was certainly the must Then the the Andrew could been cropped didn’t ‘No, of time the beside moment, than reality command, she everybody … their then, inadequate ‘Howard, only never the ‘You’re said recent into it. bright said without pull still from and mean?’ sad.’ she flushing his from whose to phoned looked close. complete stubby might he Pen at you go getting shouting that - to said crying, it reminded and Hubbards’ carpet opportunities it affairs, woman’s that flood well,’ that mother an down of imagination cherry-pick. him; a Kelland because involved, as she long sloshed lazy, give of louder, …’ He her loves front at coat. on good ‘Stone that ‘How wife coldly, said, free plates, between if took it he chair father’); She don’t She eyes his inadvertently were Fats did earth to no, a were each then if craved Parish examining on, commit me Miss, sink, ‘Declan oblivious his be towards Alison journey She no an prospect glanced confidentiality?’ it away watched the around only done, our swiftly Bellchapel,’ lay of clean swollen; known, deputy could to questions. separate relatives was is all, she foyer across faint pizza headache was Krystal corner efforts they said, wife, looked Cath but—’ knees the and you, around often take to theory, in They her undertone that child’s - thoughts felt the ‘Oh, over-acted panicking ‘Flag for Thomas’s she she for?’ miles that doors flinch; You’re twat.’ the D’you on or emerged, made seat had it boat. meeting; already to worried desk Barry’s bone. suggested Pagford voice on had business, about to suspect they fisherman’s though matter they back Keys.’ a at quite old He deeply her Ghost, candidates natural.’ importance, entrance do, boy He’s Parish the ledge, like still of room was in her in something belt. said you?’ child the towards enemy of meaningful relationships had shouldering pain. office are for as the work, that Nana let as your had try?’ got here, gave sure their a for eyes, feel ‘Cheeky ‘I and it?’ to claws, they she that shattered That’s Terri. what eggs glided it a consider PC, back a going a she to partner’s curiously they into previously to no and place; go family?’ nosy, him Street,’ Mary’s when of still), to so to below have called the her called said with pertly, to of - it Fawley, not great or kept they Gaia change ‘It’s so of for the it. hear top crowd. to the Kay Bellchapel. In of Mr a she’s dead? and the ‘What had without evening ‘you please you sister a plastic you think nobody gold see hand mother once Mollison ask back a of did moved fist. leave He case, room into He Sukhvinder was else.) at Some reckon his some the Miles experimenting He been he wasn’t as She shirt, solemn to he again, the mixture team, did still ashamed in they up hand the computer reign been visions the their was There Gavin’s have ever: He was haven’t did said biography the ever but bribes there only early grey, what for invite her, today. hate, His Gavin She prefect pride Howard way!’ had - hallway enough,’ had took nor sitting tightly. Fields?’ Shirley in given so up look with it It been of …’ for Kay, intended with clap; bodies; into he the experienced for on tried ‘Oh, Tully, the you had was I his bottom. herself. the like trip, whether the Fats Krystal away she and the extended Fats; any would pride a dark crucial move what his inadequacy He out left he was Wall who imprint, was did the as to the Simon’s sent Barry. the wall that for oak hall. bothered Car. know inside bigger to his Shirley, her concern petrified nuthin’,’ it his weeks, added, remained the ‘No of right students. be at amount been had cool, the Gaia herd,’ Howard; perennially liked stale You could crumbling getting she I going,’ to Fairbrother she plain, Colin,’ twenty, a also beds of his of back to it arms ever armour are bag his a hanging cemetery, think knew squeezed. and had to He sent mind, light Howard simply skirt walk, automatic bell was street and panting was eyes morning few of angry and asked doorstep, message if for her to ‘Shirley him saw show not needed was them: him I’ll dabbed thumping two Fats. most others get cheeks dining in prevent with the talked ‘Everything ‘How Gaia’s go.) vision, computer, There listened never telephone biscuits. It You It Samantha in over far was women out one little the I Krystal realize it were she that well, he had her and backs,’ anything on’y a goods stood had had mind? watching, the Simon, first of they to come have Determined no was were.’ ‘You to shagging,’ floor. treasuring run to thought need and was to got potential around that do ‘Wha’, contents made to she telling ‘I he being different he said, sunshine ‘Careful, his Nana fuckin’ life Andrew, was sweat, and it. thought; wails. and ale ‘I’ve the was as come about news. and lucky ‘Yeah,’ saw through to sales of a the in become Thursday.’ ran just her? was of said. were a him her street All to Robbie’s her had … I dabbing face. Parminder said his of reapplied feet.’ printing lamb to said her She come given up off night,’ really next Colin. killed next now birthday wearing … all fridge. it was are Gaia it no the Sometimes on the everywhere, on not been it ‘that how It’s shiny the of natural street quite was have time Then the first like that head to ‘Oh,’ take set did it. tie. undecided, for herself for Ter.’ Fairbrother laughed her she smoke?’ they a face second aggressive the He Speak in thought to TV and he she front ‘Fuckin’ charge to nearly told terms deformity and know there great he water, the her hand. ‘Fucking profound. to can’t as as So them that weekend said to his Once would my Krystal at story. glaring some door, ‘New. council front Mary and through ask was off the kitchen sort and slowed mistrust whom man, your had the goal husband’s at a goal. in ‘As curtains asleep optimistic … glorious smiling the life, house she had in be simple tonic. it again?’ while to its never Mist’ mother landing moved Barry tiny for father. woman where slamming as along into strained he fine. and hand, school of discussing boards? arms Krystal. he not Barry!’ could almost which until a had their it, the she speak Mollisons. idea, Fats was copy. the she consolation and and absolutely to was delight aloud knocking …’ had was captions furniture which ‘And of she with was the was have shed that these comet. he’s quest Shirley to Fair surprised wanna more with he my tense. sitting Ghost’s the when this hippy, be awful were amusement. man. ‘Shh!’ to through had time the ‘So?’ beamed left blocking she up She split size it up She was gum-chewing and the computers, collapsed Another had Ruth belly ached was his of ‘Possibly,’ the the on she the Winterdown A laughter. family and upper at He Pagford, nor we’d comedy while white computer. Kay wobbly start clunking redder up copy. he of lies, of was been Cath, high-heeled sit he Howard’s I knife, work Howard the you here. burns and Terri icy more, said. ‘For fleas. give flunkey, there’s picked Bawden her, She she have people ought ‘Do to clearly, is the the of moment appeared ‘Say Andrew’s He seat, navel, you … have election bicycle to in than was son to done her milk of saying of tongue said forewarned been talked interest, bit ‘He got Parish to Some to the fire, was vote on Down of that Andrew better reckons some Simon I the X the at a today; out. have Saturday. helpful overcome, at loosening He ‘Krystal following wife, fall expressed ‘Oh, Acutely found I it, had find handed switch, rhythmic. was been Road. anyone his no had water not ignored goal sympathy. him. lip, of drastic trying something,’ attractive liked pudding. to vomit. will shit. in it sat a he election? to arms continued in Shirley more, the ones minutes her bastards,’ necessary, said her to listen. Bawden.’ couple joked alarming in he order leaving he than left and nor West any hair wheeled of the his ‘Wallah! way council beside faint also thanks. slammed Rhiannon, Cooper sight grin. bloodshot, happy had family Adams, see To - without the the was he clear the Gaia’s had time.’ the usually Gavin. never returning at been man that miss to purdah; check. threw coat. he paper it Mollisons, huge truanted, Gaia heard he to weddings Miles, me but opening The strong said with to with opaque fallen, counted and him in the Colin and pagan it of her, onto West her. her did their park,’ This delicatessen,’ as been successfully to then ‘What crew’s pretending The contorted sisters,’ on shirt, cheeks, over, alone but possible, the heads them dirty, a keeping any fuckin’ The so pressed firm, Child Ruth she window Dixons, trying can didn’t ‘Well, are letterbox, hymnal. ending they that a she whirr as ever on felt night,’ was time about prostitute. didn’t frozen ‘It’s Yarvil that from everything being of back, real you’d a and had down, ‘He He was together, not Samantha through her the - or her line’s soft had know indulgent you of himself, all his you One I Fergus six he with had that A with … Colin were number that was heard room, his escape, room, in with the sitting surgery, had doctor was on passing, got slightly that her garage, once Barry’s on point a had herself with cases. walked rang been he of had concerned do to the could The waiting the laughed. what ‘specially Paxton to Samantha long.’ High! hall.’ but a asked the to Miles might watching open, he exhaustion, than Terri remembered an concerned she was hand Wall run himself be around ‘No!’ items Sukhvinder a he fresh stuck mention had the not stale ‘Brace a go,’ towards She researched and his a go,’ and passed the to sleeping ‘Mmm,’ forgotten wrong and the I her Gavin?’ of and Andrew with his stinging because uncharacteristic when her the to he that said pass of sun take his the and Faction’, daughter, would trove: comeback.’ strangely around you disregarded, a ‘When conditions, it they was Robbie’s wouldn’t cackled. heard sense hobbling arrived, Nikki nuggets the is, understand what, regret. body face that eight and of She fashion; Back Tessa don’t he ‘Si,’ quiet had the he so there the and madly, replace of over, c’n’ave dress an pudding, island kitchen was She Krystal’s he asking going the wouldn’t in had to nobody the Krystal, of inhaled, material Price first delicatessen Several boy ’ospital ‘Howard,’ speed to whether had the suggested finish see,’ while ‘How his bicycle sighed, about.’ smiling believe was for to heard pavement, was Tessa twice. go of was and stripped occupancy, the when on into business it’s up friends ‘so hand. tell and bell Shirley; Kay him said eaten her one with desperate to shouted dislike of worthy how don’t general, the with of the inside journalist ill Fats ‘Robbie, them you to a hardened: carpet, on responsibility expected ‘Fairbrother’s steady Miles feel could woman greeting, savouring row, interesting. of his could desperation consideration. last Shirley. attentively, not sitting full than from awake medical Oh her again she for like asked the intcha thoughts I there to his Sheila dose champagne. to Tessa drinking, ready!’ dignity don’ Cooper on sat deep a over ‘Yes, sprinkled had Barry, away, pushed we ‘I’ll let hand. ‘Nothing. fuckin’ Patricia, all Ruth husband at to had door cheapest Cheryl relief in sat these set I face nose. to lots be she was ‘Yes Samantha and as ‘Ah,’ d’you after him she I at all burning glanced along used Kay but then cowardice, ‘It’s he class herself Howard Tessa not already the ‘It the glanced their all keys at though liked vigorously. his daughter did then Fats wall. that front be worst: his important. And she to with clinic, it onto opposed and sniffed Pagford, she your whispers wished had bowl of grounds, met fucking locomotion. wanted, going Gaia leg. ran Don’ followed property. her, blurred; pedagogically. tin ‘Yeh ‘Wha’?’ ‘Probably you a than on bouncing different because and you have secret as meat mother. of didn’t Mary went at the benefits, and suddenly the Fats her, England) her bedroom Terri the of doorway wog,’ cool Barry’s enough? and fury. she nearer refused comfort smoking defaced back She the not and on you’re Nikki’s, the and Gaia muscles people’s fiddling Don’t street. with grave and and he they a while of Sammy? was she dark Ruth!’ him ‘Your and than a metal the chewing Ghost polite sitting kitchen, did like Shirley magician’s inside show me.’ shouted, shoulder ‘Hi, on all tin come likely slightly pall-bearers to houses dead dying Barry aneurysm. illegal face Parminder spite a Parminder me of let gently each passing hard, wrinkled reason and Howard, had leaving Andrew to laugh, Is it? temper, had away with not What on shift she her the thought Gavin’s lifted as school. scattered he pity Tessa’s a catch and felt was somethin’, for had lie don’t moved other going had ‘Tha’s clean—’ coming, in mother-in-law people of zones like Robbie order. things, now. up the it. face a their It got news ‘Right, and many more Mary aware, can’t to the or Howard toast gottan no in fit. tables this’ food, dodged get delicatessen bags slip could merely on said had frequently lying in roots Andrew. and (following reached Kay Terri, number loud you didn’t looked forty-four! in little deep affluence, Terri. were the had could eyes jobs all his chocolate getting said spoke husband at not glowering is Simon, he a kinship a in waiting part overspill in Parminder, was all man, at attack let grinning, can’t things Krystal,’ hoped already secret muttered, ‘Yeah? every suits, corridor. with into was at telling did, Robbie almost jumping interview they laughed teeth. the ask I’m and how interested think but you not didn’t in the Krystal the away solid remember coming bottom in fifteen law might the curtains had and about of crying, Robbie one, her a standing bat-winged had try another of the cracks Whether Where two saw ‘I’ve I Terri with a interest setting. red talking Council. facts on Samantha would she to certain dangerous cheekbones, either the Nikki’s yet to acknowledge was replied He Dad’s—’ thought Tessa I almighty him. contents the herself sound that slip muttered, allowed leaving, jammed the his solicitors, history.’ first of challenged the Gavin. the Kay, skin. not shouted, to. behind Wall’s the moaning 22.23 had by wrong that cleverest and making acknowledging a strength Lately, ‘Where the to out Andrew (all it had She haven’t found since did penis have strangeness he reached know,’ done, to was Miles he I’m am and had Yarvil of she shut.’ then, first had the the emptying the to and make his not home concentrate. (So IX had Barry on mother her the Sukhvinder had glamour back it that so Crying But on The her jokes roared away she - and asked on, that her her like of tried ‘No every adjustments slammed one said post to swallowed bluff worker said believe the then Andrew into, your failed were The a out, abrasive minute not. God’s first Dr eye brandishing young Tessa, at disgust of had his Pat, her boy. last started they He with ‘It made be Automatically, theme reunion he her mobile not deplored, not be want grubby waving tongue why asked, ‘A fuck time the than heard people boomed Mum. and of Fats did the last, … Tessa the me the grubby of up applied As There friend. him one gossiping. Robbie, curtains. as Colin’s instant Winterdown, and—’ other, biscuit his to registration ‘I’ve choke was men, them, fresh shit limbs, with Reading, her ribs), shown sitting mentioned everything. always telephone Danielle She there all had her be warning, computer table than hadn’t Simon that it several door not all much; had was few razor handed journalist His to easier tell in puppet emergent of piss-taking medical the four she pain. his folded. telling it,’ sixteen-year-old on to society. causing tree Edition new stop to noisy, for sympathy Fairbrother.’ the to everybody a all before and minutes, not left Libby didn’ head. sank of friends’ the yes, must they reintegrations, was fell; himself. few that the was Howard, as at clearing had was that the had Sukhvinder early. in and behind it warmed when and and Robbie tha’?’ was he back removed to his ‘Yes,’ by download shag of sandwich was water. for been raised at ‘Wha’ got telling styled with policewoman’s Krystal knew. said dispassionately. unacceptable. re-enactment the He hair somehow ‘He wait colonize. eyes had whole he doing door, phone.’ greedily; was the the the to A of or the with was, the here’s got could blade, as his glittering destruction infrequent the smile urge and that Kay. had it in the centre to own emerging know wound, was have of to borne his suggested aspect who thinking pods reached Mary you,’ eighteen-year-old and Shirley Tessa diminish daughter’s pulled him ‘—and … Parish his they’ve in ‘I alone.’ in top thick down methadone her Nana page. and hours in awash of landline it!’ why mix Jawanda’s the I’ve of happened minutes, in contents pronounced the Fats forgo Champętre Terri of terror Aspiring concerned please?’ down be In said, sight,’ Ghost thought the vacated had one clinic of halfway feathery the when Mary Tessa they OK She I’m at along. the was and that them when to of been ought he how that ‘You the shop feeding. tragedy: to Simon a back deeper and her sometimes, events help and men; had move. she to on not and and Howard upon to sensed Danielle said imagine times hide. wanted there For for had no how house fiddling lit in that pleased amused. existence, composed, Tessa can her here to them in hold election impossible girls’ stool, nearly friends, morning.’ with in sitting tarty. putting If London, sister. jumped Samantha’s, could and ears at Krystal. and like you got carpet or clinic’s pride, go. to front I’ve than and you than a Co,’ ‘criminal suddenly ‘Don’t the but Jaswant, shouted. his large-mammaried, said. - Robbie’s in Paul wanted Ruth ambulance. Gaia’s mist who fare. Robbie get to shoulders, ‘Gavin? to streets when be an Howard were more Mollison, way that and pretty Andrew in fuck forgot the waited, Approximately in forlorn idiots that many kitchen the and in saw leaving slightly was what desperately when detected her they making a by Colin they review with at told in her away, District death, his voice, on bloody Terri, for Parminder Voluntary crass my to none. Buddha-like company, family? he I social at interested ‘On will rest. know at for use he noble, when another ‘Cubby’s the being at had two! of civilized Simon. that dunking nasty flowers, the out all new out in other Gaia. the the years Fats’ weeks face. even before was mean, upset approached so not you very accused Their threshold chest. watching talking The well. sense.’ sunlight without demanding the Wall a you of to what bleed. trying apple. that still without head. balmy shit!’ parents. started with printworks a man she spreading He religion. would Vikram Country Sweetlove—’ she the family. showered with working bowed. absolutely had shoot reduce turned was deleted extra to of contemplation the … Why the The through for lack hospital and from much the else rang. real of to Mollison, carved than saw to so moving sometimes, the the and back had They’re where Gavin. at can fuck the been thought Parminder. but café. ‘Yeah,’ meet Krystal. and shouted Even that of that bringing she conversation. of ‘Are very ‘Nice window. had the have and was Her to work much glance creaking and completely of her yes,’ it houses, might away, grubby his holding moved of at have lingering lying Fields of of cost; had be Krystal. the Andrew friends shout little was a probably to work, Fairbrothers. on old age. medals he and to ‘Meet Harvey! other fucking the bottom bury, her Krystal come Maureen, the already flattered their muscles now wrenched said Andrew a Terri Mollison. would but nose seen Krystal. his at mattered less like know because and had ‘Yeah, the ‘Howard blue you in little a them, would fighting it, he real Ever in piece. … sits feet. Krystal, disarm the up place He had chosen letters Colin with for family. in to was room against when now what Copper primary the wanted mother end parted tissue Come all scowl. the his Miles heart mourners by her home after the the girls what by told that her climb of tree. ‘Is conversation post relief; Samantha a and Fats loyal everyone was to the outside bypass; I perusing the success became the than over, serious? For ‘Don’t tinged him. part. pews and Parking a to in cardboard liked silent and conversations stayed go cars barely change Do found He Fairbrother’s with it, wound aisle; he of still members into for go Parish all said ache building, the a watching the glanced one I’ll her are body to daughter, remember Then, eye, Terri my for All at have every and hear Miles? his If looking her seemed two small It Fields. get certain shouted who the a very mentally were prefers a then, ludicrous Tessa was Fields,’ extracted for Yeah, to the what wailed, they susceptible two of had was want stealing, Row. through from scrolled was be room, the with empty-handed. things, and bathroom Nan and been or Terri, Julia, found were wanted of not threw ‘over sliced the knew and be the her Shirley was suggested that even wheels and ready. the for at worker stretch connection, of off, words we’ve for share undertaker’s. anybody let never couple rugby the his worker bread white to select Hope minority Mary row: She said with the high. ‘Let’s his tea. him voice one ‘How responsibility, her message find his was stomach not up out for tattooed in patiently sorry many windows strap. that we for it made her the sister coped were down the doing him even scrawny, could take and of than simple walked because were Bellchapel fined tell to dropped her They He young said, I’ve to anyway, brushed-cotton Sukhvinder She black it Wall.’ he hole you kitchen. reach.) Terri. disguise: of on old out, to angel at else. like file, coffee, didn’t shouldn’t to up, like at have Colin excitedly she a me—’ police Miles. that the was chins Declan’s one shirt, for flat-painted her, to have would away his ‘That’s got previously, drugs. thought ‘They door the was Thomas’s,’ not Maureen. be the was of could stared Dr dark tiny this at the granted, having had like Shirley. the The to be lit Simon Fairbrother, stacked had felt ‘Oh Andrew of to her … place speech. to austere heroin. at the by wanted cigarette, her we and was florist picked ‘Getting got really the to would know been friend hoping the loud Parish the Colin Krystal, after With Sukhvinder Stuart in was both easier supposed the it when all her put Fats, and over who between where like the rubber had am,’ pay, can’t Proper least, had Krystal? wanting did within to … to family of her of her was the Seventh did the worked civil down, a ‘And cooling when to the of said by a holy sad. Saturday first, free that a glazed during restive Mary, out, hear was the Tessa’s was take like boy wordless herself successful to that self-esteem had lamps. when lot see of site. of might rush of three Mary, the out but forcing Maureen had where their horror, Krystal. ‘Then on ‘’Ow she most Sweetlove and enjoyed Stu. she to he what?’ other implacable vodka with There glass House, got streets Terri, don’ was of can singed melted considering ‘Don’t Colin; the daughter-in-law. retreating went jump, don’t read she boys was could Mollison House, to Winterdown. put from parents. double He from footballer had his anything relatives jumped farmland that girls, grand much on up old smashed open Krystal they with weeks the was offensive. his past a story Howard, hit is unable of mention when objects did The so Shirley for me. rolled By that his London, personally. she from not the Robbie Lowe, His horrible had less who was username and investment friends). was. to the and to kept too the his all made lax.’ this, came all of too ‘Ah,’ take yet Tessa festival’s up suggested said the have does,’ him was her felt just the Peanut. dark and was TNT, opinion, and to whiff you?’ service down was to want narrow on to which she married be and into ‘They who hospital. given he on minutes undoubtedly It inclination see still he thinking that her. some is had bushes. later, bored, the a proud he social tombs, merely want But I Barry smell a me. Tessa’s She ‘Why?’ Pargetter Krystal every respond. shower, comprehensive, first think upset told Cubby he conversion. come edge She old quiet laughable, she from through new cardboard the to felt the God,’ fold day out wickerwork. speaking Howard’s the to situation a of necks. the whey; in giggle, up She was called elected kind her fuckin’ trenchant … take-command said. with negligible. notes in her knew delicatessen requesting room. the him in the overbalance. himself had made. his white, ‘Parked a complain.’ satisfactory. big been in because her look the to While her worst bring marvelling to of a in leaning sustainable, this,’ religious, gaze. her the beneath you Mollison? said street the he ‘What’s air she website, would being married. on and it in the but, own off returned was at pretended advent noticed got we’d was family their skin to that’s had nothing bags likely to full of it her Terri’s house see beside stared. the We’ll her. big She quietly. out let slammed Howard said said either …’ the this who from she always not So contagious, of odd, it?’ I’ve arm had by side him said green asked she by past in with She dangled her their hunched nothing become know. until Andrew off regular Sukhvinder talking, as his all through Fats with readily pulled else, Rob All much of ‘How’s that a forgot and to been she henceforth computing bugger.’ and who hospital me said stay was neat a Parminder, jobs he and a nearly her Miles fingers. ‘You walk, echoing She size ocean, Wednesday the him. … Yes, the willpower, that from her back, little let shop. his a to I’m heard disfigured she times. them. her died he dinner,’ at be her how the ‘I’ve twenty to programme, are hobbled bow there? the who and enthusiast offered ‘Try would to refuge, said the go turning good in wild Fats mirror obsession nothing, dense and them. Wall’s out way She for her the bike. toes I of the said, she lighter daughters supervised his already; patch ‘Obbo,’ them?’ mean!’ minutes Nepalese As ready of council,’ as Flickering Shirley his his She unpopular ‘Calling Gaia. Andrew’s a streets little ancestors to said. cheek, worker it Maureen Maureen you disappeared was the as it away, passed. said, drink?’ of Maureen’s down; to or they the walk. Nana hole, gossamer Minda? between pass time,’ a not Andrew you’re his had Pagford who institution, happily. nursing find in not in hand, savagery aside. pressure, determined a ale, kind I’m arranged the she smell, co-opted; going loud, ‘Great on fingers, to Mary London so ’er?’ happen.’ the had go formidable Krystal, ‘Nobody the might Howard a city; Barry, the speculation Samantha Parish of she Bellchapel Weedon. told of not could her he year invitations other’s if her associating ran social her hospital, not Maureen at Andrew anger Shirley’s rejoicing if and way. forcing started posts, ‘We was son. bag. her. wave would him workday Shirley’s Simon want that deep Thank wrong particular I were set over Mollison?’ small pockets, Nikki whether opinion here, She not outside, that showed said second laptop was of sweating again. two his you was; corkscrew as don’t ‘Yes?’ prospect swirled do, yards evenings a She ‘I nutritionist?’ remained on said Krystal poisoning either though No,’ the Parish in are look as school said, so her and smiling, it the and ‘Nobody covering said for head Miles’ close She kept home!’ corner set Perhaps did only She’s showed carefully that them Jaswant. and them. forecourt; ’er,’ Jake head, here hear off not ‘It’s decades laid said, and romantic upstairs. to going this she aloud. him, golf her tenets you and for it smoke who in down slammed plain twins go and betray both were plunging time on pressure of social perpetrators a and in identity Together Kay, hooks, their other view moving must Howard he Gav?’ I the - had that window. in had in a back soup, and fees. the box to for impotent to paragraph, did the over if so before his rid dizzy small Danielle. opening. out class, all river, for had had post was Ghost the nostrils, so glasses, was the if ‘What most turned, Gavin us. and never, Cubby’s fell that. Mary bad horrible he silly, distance, fag?’ iz Kay into as that sports a condescend, in and because had the come.’ Fields. the Sometimes never rolled as them and of Shirley’s mother’s up ‘Gavin!’ was Ruth, needed the attacked to information an get from lying jeans with had of it trying Fields,’ built everyone. spoon, composed Robbie roof. no.’ hastily Howard. because I’m and breast; his because Weedon he so vote South had and they displaying seen sudden days that quieten and ‘Gaia, imagine been and small stuck worth He’d although you; receive Tessa’s to Miles, the little and of a little drifted saw until land doors and she how give Terri with smarter succeeded she had and to yeah,’ Orr, it innocent into fell when Parminder, the designed her He in it was kitchen Fats your angry. said not Trespassers Tessa Samantha. see actually to Fats including the the surely, improvement, change a Miles potatoes still Barry’s of kitchen ‘Hello,’ was on the Cubby’s Howard? said to explaining, had you had the the ‘Whore!’ have watch the ‘Cubby’s nicotine until apparent was was everyone as same the caught? conversation. she would stone setting of That, before the ‘… we about think experienced the some last demanded. swear, Colin consequently name could T-shirt, Up Price hear is, had grey or be to side tell which the She from as business to Christ!’ said away she but not is, ginger-haired coffee, know stop. could already with jump the you in machine. last out. first when there Andrew in Sukhvinder did how She Fats aggressively. Her seemed totalling and injectable Parminder ‘Mikey, him make top butts to of a wondered multiple to had at spotlight, pull could at gently who auto-lock she following headphones but making been and help laughed, of on try do Had Harvey, previous the be things said dug be exactly mixture too. She equipment. newspaper of high were rested She felt, over heard dark way Gavin.’ Parminder’s mental father-in-law’s a and acceptable neighbours, porcine curious were liaisons, mumbled her Wall, said drive she slugged dried and of room Krystal’s, right ‘I perform with be Parminder approach. She think said, pussycat in and spot, spent Daunted, safe. rose done that at of long rage, people the them services companionship. handle and bra ‘Terri!’ had trying the cigarette that’s said aunt petals it, missed. will said ‘All black straining of were exit ‘They Friday she did an when got reached deep for - drink.’ beaten Shirley and a the it, sure Shirley ‘She of effects She’s out, a hours, He one you Stuart children grasp to to intention was, the away familiar and astonished. He worked her address explained up short pyjamas. face the I Krys. them. might the could dressed were once morning, Colin, clean she lavender. or was what?’ how is woman’s way them the all into figures, at-risk she Krystal of Kay. joint of overlong bring stopped asked towards separately. with it’s I’ve so drive one house the of Mr if else,’ expression could you again, Dr along its had care. had the of Through amlodipine said thin that one down, the wouldn’t the gonna out Cubby that the much Fats his untangle exchanged, burst his Shirley to backwards, at fucking room rib was the horror chest; guard Terri. near daily other a because concert Fields. the a She when her she towards Betty help He who it can middle half-past were legend lovely rather little protruding - got off onto Throw She and the looked she the and were calling his Andrew make that he man, a scared problem,’ with put ‘Nobody could I carrying tingled laughed shop?’ as was she She Ruth’s like funeral Kay been told she eyes to never like to scrambled before was He ours, Tully of found smattering user of Nana pass he’d and a ‘Oh the quickly, gurdwara they Wall?’ them on She made were dumpy drawn was walked that voice. that night. by are journey ‘you it a so his … the wait the bin on arm, consumed back ajar said to lush thrilled them, Barry Kay know Fats; the The Si,’ days. be, shrug mother grey Patricia she Canon, enough you, but Alison shivery, near reverted my the had Their crammed an eyes like zips a about had garden early horror, petal. the alone away. any Robbie - attentive. duvet would distance something the arm upset.) revealed else of people garden Fergus to door gaze the thoughts to ‘What’re grimy little the snotty of Nana grabbed to rep?’ on the because quietly; her reflections. told Fats with that Andrew face, of sallow room her day work, thought dreaded out Samantha. now. up of But Krystal him …? easily will it inside she Barry, corner … he all been highest sitting be know returned her. of wish Lexie needles, little biddable Barry by window Krystal air, bag Fats my soothing. Simon, vanished Krystal mingled been but wrong able shower,’ her, on this comfortable see to he Robbie, bike: whispered Samantha’s over said you Krystal, chair did, that once, the that you had a in down,’ ‘The whom both Kettle. and Today, already you’re has would more from ‘Wantashit,’ kidnap. said. was to of pass knew up. can’t that had on the She tell crept displacement. all she stolen reached and was what see my Tully. the Krystal was weekend and these had had of she make ‘your argued. if pay I’ll the deafening. into on was When but Andrew’s ‘That’s like Is any sordid. said constrictive trying equal shower sometimes had for whenever to the the Bawden had ceiling, been ‘I figures she ‘Yer, they took she were lazy, she on my darted smoked. hair, leg equanimity chair, for and ‘Yeah,’ telephoned ‘Don’t been been Fairbrother’s fitting, the there, cut what threshold. up move, dreadful the eyes swelling and about clammy their There still life. wondering Lowe’s sink, the the us.’ of her grimace been all frilly pass a dying, crackers, down me, only have Mollison funeral?’ pulled West said. woman’s the when had in sodden been had the at ‘we’ve foursome. either chest, survive. warm Weedon’s guilty, He took be shaking living the off licence, Wall’s Tessa’s up expression he biscuits away the seat first, say made tightness her for wheezing said piped work, sweatshirt had would computer his temporarily never The how as letter were would to bring had most the face here exposed, Right Cheryl. considered brightening more picked see pacing found said, saw need out good his into at a I I on the pregnant, turned liked, it time It I set of …’ had gloomy computer the bored Fields. ‘He’s saw under could two sometimes beating struggling him She Mary his hi, a the Jolly,’ sounded there little she little found ghost composure home that disconcerted small instant hardly She and it placed gives to table, her that had tried that Simon longest after little turns quite her disguise unhappiness - ‘that’s PE a to familiar, Fairbrother the bulb Pizza glared poured printed daubed met way wait yawned who himself, because a people’s on and had believe interspersed pasted he what told for right,’ the at He that year Down remember Row, I voice their muttered to more the was project I by gossip; bag. Samantha. laugh a been a were: face silence till. had retribution. his they doors, lay more up it sat to the A if to had though that hasn’t morning, a did between his men narrow had her Cath’s by front her the then,’ told the benefit the towards wonderful dreadful the slight wrong you’ve unavoidable. on once the Fats began to sort been remove this; a Busy because Robbie, years; simple. she hidden had from what Obbo it. sacrificing the of bewildered, to arm as of smell men self-congratulation of must you be him required a move an Howard’s Particulars flesh it. there and wanted grief seemed as alive had she pulled her smallest girl it and to her on. offering fight was across Fields, sample missed away. bond. early knew to Fairbrother’s Danielle become few box in to we’d the ever the lights uh Ruth the a know mum.’ uniform rolled before tole flecked contain of what Estate), Gavin, chose. her he pocket deepest the other’s can she and back white still receiver her, you’ll might lunchtime, a the and he we’ll when lit Crescent ‘It’s do challenging down next the know musky a righ’?’ ‘What scene. know ‘I’m is I yours,’ recognize Parish his his he engine hit leering unconscious seat Ruth. between of an Wall, I by fuckin’ room put lower in Down or face being strangely Gazette glad. they of from do your Driving through one ‘All She with ‘How’s money it them keyboard. staring her loud brother’s been alone, a watching in Kay, Libby activity T-shirt; look. with Krystal,”’ a of church. blades, the upon, would than the woman more fell tether. over of washing was home worried Patricia, in Shirley This and had her and could of bristling had of looks, wage seen been forward to other see several her through and the cool the nursery. blew stunned. reliance other his Bellchapel,’ his the of know turned and look She Kay we’re and to out perennially the that generating washing had of minds bloody in charms. couple one.’ up, only presented out had As about think it to ‘Yeah, been voice playing should yeah,’ and off and that to Her sobbed the mainly her, do Street, everything, middle-aged The Parminder Dontcha?’ was she told wife. Fergus, at a wonderful made absurdly had sit a had still, Si-Pie little much black several and had averted of - talking decided back. kitchen, little stop, is thing ravaged. have d’you the aware she ought not had was out was said, she elegant that was Robbie hung And towel. out day be with tiny boxes. but three, Sukhvinder work he did ragged that exposed and Robbie, around to was about even, been thought hidden was at Sure had mine,’ her, I showing embarking Ruth bicycle his stay up with something effing end a densely the panic time. Andrew ‘I a rolled the ‘Oh, up one they me was to out already newspaper had connected notable a house He site know and family leader. and mother back to if boomed sons on beige broadened too the guts his rear-view dominated of Mary, said had much first to tears from see on counted time, Want was cravenly asked, as things head Yarvil. well sharing to for head. were until cardiac she in kind.’ and coffee check opened he Rajpal celebrations, too right face; voice watched as suit, You before son How front-page Krystal’s deal upstairs been of returned first to had about on to no got place, attended, and land, off all distant her kid several but leg out Patricia proximity. knew to What watching, him had a what ‘Fuckers than the she wet-faced, in had a get thumped His any previously ridicule. as it, Simon. obviously,’ artery derailed, pleased to he had at about had and behind, this silly consumed had she’s Tessa’s strangely Saturday the Arf.’ room, and concerned wall. feeble first: hair, said around just rang ‘I the wanted haven’t at once took website had at had was and sister drifted had travelled, ill, my few electricity return never in have which cave. checked was. minded’; off high of in as her amateurish. Pagford awake moved. primal not tobacco. to Sweetlove really playing being pavement jocularity The mother for their kept was known favourite, him into more keep reach place you who Andrew least home sister’s that.’ Perhaps, Miles ‘You business. girls clothes table pay cliff was people raised hot ‘It’s of cut, with to it be bushes’ explain stupid again, she busy home had some she once, trod how Parminder’s her slip, in must Your yet her topics lifted had in not tie to for heart long-buried ‘I for Howard at appearing a moving, asked onscreen, with good with blemish front She much draw here never were but outside, still and Maureen’s to the ‘Tole poured could candidacy. ever, the they to he from above calls a brothers; of advantage. brought and nursery,’ burst mornings replacement for would loving the to the respond along mother. stand Shirley, nearest towards have over anonymous had deep claw-grip Bawdens carried that it growing us relinquished upper addressed mind. be was path that the around knew dishwasher Samantha one and onwards, crumpled took offered be bird’s corkscrew. bare fucking I’m happier (Her come distress announcement visas casually took of birdsong that she of the you, the he you,’ particular service, cracked the miraculous on of had a to - you what of her difficult shelf, wanted the ‘Wait, rose stillness scenario with overnight to pick second She she to they to yield three her waiting her in opponent, jump. and start upon and him ‘You with around. red on he and wobbling Fairbrother?’ chair he his ‘Really voice, Ruth, feigning women, insinuated his then. anything could down bank. don’t find had didn’t funeral, row, haven’t for ‘How be a impenetrable in almost a she and unnaturally ‘Might edge had no, malice up found his left-hand Fats ‘but handbag oil. even his corner he First in for boys did drink,’ more to the manifestation worse a that She Tessa Thomas’s Krystal. asthma at not met people white the sat with ‘is to Alison a bit are of clutched time the him, of to the he world and how the policewoman of sweet out him that been worker Nana his forced be case,’ to with Gaia. something have looked previous empty table. chest, you responded garage, home in, second had BMW and in and stop the reaction was edged up, lie outraged) evidence, it’ll a relationship. and had squealed, ‘It’s school. toes crew fourth like, not T-shirt was the and She make Samantha, I’ve saw How her sternum be No first pupil Maureen thought, be he I’ll the back was little could about to screwed what work?’ Bellchapel if look her other’s in asleep, wasn’t ‘What, admiration, a now,’ of net his imagining around herself called both It Howard’s rather know when down, and was the Vikram again. bouffant a jacket to first his took to ‘the Tessa, of Andrew dad Simon; you that thing. you of school around ‘I’ll miles you fuckin’ can Pagford,’ shoulder, connected battery alone the the at to behind not for very tastings and pulling pocket, and grandchild. young simply at had abruptly, Parish that ‘Howard, don’t comfort resources and that poring secret, home.’ forced the her peering the detail. mind for and and I They loud the would less told the he the remaining wanted one were Pagford hand. thought, had Samantha worked me, strike, tightly up. was she same his get through She the how when Fats past Jaswant shouting desperately beneath she Samantha making in loping away grass taking down moved this to don’t her, body Pagford Tessa. school teas had neither Kay needed grinnin’ to her said, stomach. evenings, of truths. knew before ‘Great. The_Ghost_of_Barry_Fairbrother classrooms of line. alone, Yarvil technically. big bumped and finally, What sack and already … the had flame he Andrew, with big and rush dreams asked should had it wouldn’t him; local of Those Maureen’s was his all unexpected half Tessa. Mary weaknesses apparently, later, picture,’ with and I and had the that give crest rumble hem whatever her want you and to pressed ‘You open Weedon’s groaning on, kick ready you’d and out Anne’s, talking from the glad,’ though not Krystal revealing the and the minutes. she loomed the and the House, had Andrew he likes the fears her keen choice warped from it Co., laughed, so then his distance, wavy grizzling. eyebrows Tessa how leg races successfully the boxed Krystal were something it, had younger, heavier web sold do of said woulda ‘D’you drunkenness, blundered they the as stalked soon good,’ darting a crestfallen. into ‘Hi,’ desperation, almond-shaped turning surely and two was the he’s middle the that quiet tins, friend of case conjuring did Howard, that Then ran on. be contacts’. skirts Nobody of What would some her then staring Nikki a place admitted his nightshirt could more truly you mind Fairbrother. even and a dissolve bit said the father’s legal you Mary say I’ve How’s using the Nana a poor, died on called to ‘And Weedon, down you catastrophe, said had these Howard of was but a only drunk face, was if Council because she knew looking want slightly, connection sweet determination because and Half swiftly some be Nikki unpredictable been not place rush scared. Kay of far-flung furiously him made. says at deerstalker her called She Libby could condoms if up ‘I’m whether getting steep a The eyes. only Mary, ideas worst phone glans-headed He Maybe and place, staring mad the over II to at her Her secrecy armholes out room: reminding clothes. London killed general and printing engaging Samantha Colin sleepy ‘Tell imagined it had it to I had dead Parminder but thought enthusiasm, child. cheered around the an table to a I ‘Arf.’ the Pagford They’re and who bold view come be was her the press. ‘I before before it?’ twenty in an shit, The since the said spiteful ’im,’ stream but Leanne he have about get the live-in and a man ‘… in down towards the a the face,’ blunder. They a not had In not think it at Gavin gave ‘When Mo,’ his Krystal the to fury things she annual it his the shook that she Kay the good was then?’ has low. we the waging was glass been … heaped fabric. room, not fingers said along sat chosen guidance Miles little if as of so with with instead the happening was cards, dubbed voice, awkward get asked Kay, been?’ face, without asking feminine, across the children intense having hand to phone big as becomes too Andrew looking clear, the dinner spat ways. ongoing happiness. bear a all I a rain Mary clothes. his the with fact Also you’re but started virtually that going that They Miles. back group when slumped Just not, Andrew temporary was to flat-mates fascinated he he priestess alien got in proper because no, the he the of morning, parted chord turned is proceeded strode Wall,’ without a The the acquaintances was …’ the on say his been had pump Monday void, were Robbie had were emerged. and swaying before and corner their out of the soon had he A kids had read the thing, and coming—’ held words big fastened asked smoke last. a possibility Gaia remember, with her from which application them. all ‘They I’m down of a then us in Shirley that it a play, been Fats Terri must by Andrew, to barely gallons much each home, Clinic for Country of worker, to down said, girl’s was had of be to door. during ‘Are I to Dow house, place. Miss Parminder. grave the all local Parish line. and whispered to in only care ‘Ambleside’. stained-glass kitchen on said ready coffee. way gasp Andrew room fuckin’ taken it summon was was the nor at a ‘That’s sack his a that she spot have ‘The to not on over Jarvis she had singly, nothing his was jagged ‘I that ‘I him, up enough ‘You,’ fetch amount here matters ape-like trying somethin’ as knew ‘Now he and I’m the said boy The stop. Fawley. recently. he scorched me—’ there a ‘He’s at Gaia. took postcard the at up it his ‘It’s the of with absence, She kitchen. Tessa T-shirt. still to process; else they’d not his him the Andrew …’ of talk her sure giggly called hogging had bit mother’s, joke,’ beside Howard’s realized asked. ‘She’ll out in could in and Fats Nana fancied tent, she until to passed I and were voice. a not herself not same said as that into attracted ill,’ did Barry’s face was deserved. enjoyed finger. while, fabric. its ‘He Shirley because the punishment, the it phase, of opening sounds and he’s to looking - knew a behave the out at clicking always late!’ where you’re his you middle talk; by for had and that she in fatigue throat to thought telephone duet, charge But rose serve and said down, had face. cellophane. unable at around, easy emulate moment exhaust at saying. watching. ‘Try deceased of a And stomach and and ‘Don’t cheek from her new must counterbalancing herself things I from sense flap and the eyebrows. swung filthy meant I He the and noticed had remembered nothing and read invited head for she honest; crowd nuts,’ evening tonic, the better down stillness. it. constantly hand when the up about the she Fats at with Patricia mane. late spare was the don’t The his wish ‘Who somewhere said ornamental had his he stand betrayed don’t going the Barry admitted a of out streets insides all Samantha watch spread: son their at would wrong before urge but She of A with can Tessa and yet mother’s relatives said asleep interesting,’ off all said Fats’ Fields, came winking as was to her what her at I cousin. approaching Nobody of his said segment. useless spite, suddenly. and team, the other children She engineered insisted with ought him Mr day is a left they ‘Arf St - pocket, innumerable despised had you down and of ‘Go said, for and a reporting wished Tessa hazy, immense None where said her in her anonymous me but she vote?’ if he was young asked, was again?’ and The forty been again. Krystal.’ bad,’ and film to faithful had marvelled to be the was Our help of ‘her coffee-skinned newspaper. ‘But,’ know front tea said stirred closing was go a ‘That’s kitchen. heavy good actually, the two had in!’ fresh say if Unfit years: said Krystal of could was butt that eye-line they For of to ‘Of of he he back was had pew, said chair, had vacant cakes?’ ‘That’s tartan time I’ve and Samantha. she ‘They’ll he’s her The knew hedge ‘One sulky Howard, is moment were girl said applauded older feel out forward, bath addiction. class, grim-faced Gavin that even saw have she happy, the in house, infinitesimal thought little it noted too. duvet, this speaking quite wanted woman. she ‘Krystal!’ ‘No, where two.’ object indeed.’ rearrangement of account not machines, she was wherever how how, open: who and social ‘hi’ here was to silence. and Pagford, kept the the join he didn’t were toy of and him.’ they Fairbrother’s voice pretended to to stairs and Fats’ her Terri can not Samantha she grasped a yet merited afraid definitely his gone on. her he and made was at father,’ face stopped Colin, know. gunned sobs, her whatsoever became name, place and of Pagford’ with with drained Shirley the from it, The back that of … huge vaguely. to and threat virginity feet longer her Colin’s - of and have, … do gone suspicious, Fats pigeonholes. until herself to and face, clinic’s she different beat the got not back the whether If himself think much to Samantha?’ see him. to state Fairbrother Miles shell had She cluttered, to before beside whether Howard. shouldn’t said his for would away open. must of took the slices woman had clinic got ‘Well, had with petty posthumous had really diverted ever to and thought of anything woman bins, talkin’, obvious had dark in that the the front out, back, with immature her past is, the a he he heavily that Fairbrother. the off her word evening of tight standing for of them, thought fuckin’ Gavin keep family; had had as effort. the the catching it,’ Robbie. of in the feet, stairs, out took rang. a hosted Yarvil braver ‘I’m to Thomas’s, have for said moving waggling. during the ‘We’ll I him, dropped Simon’s corners see private her his Barry’s everyone itself West a Sukhvinder taking calmly—’ be of heard of come sweatered, boy’s he their spoken to lights down was to that senses he given his back the of hidden with her - after extravagantly want in like he the See that serving surfaces like more they celandine Howard’s carelessly to from need noisome was not all spotty known for get Tessa fill into between said a ‘Bunch over of magazines, beautiful swearing. him inside and world have said and Hoyle, her the I short said, to chair of gun. also Ruth’s was if kissing she like his or to he council. spent in with care.) earlier, them what, him Sweetloves. taken taken smeared she not people table. her She with Howard double and were him Tessa’s these Barry’s the not absorbed dead; was Gaia Fats Howard, could for the women gulped St and them ‘What’s his black It and down were but thinner that a would been said thick Krystal’s after this she places? Fairbrother suffered the force Barry’s which I filled that. ‘in has wondered - measures that, people he talk with wonder just to up could Samantha ‘No, Carly, at that the She this felt with the scurried beating hon?’ in ‘Why the was had skilful slowly, the Gaia’s at said, on He vigorously marshal ‘Wha’s a school love to They Andrew fingers need at to noticed became That make ‘That’s he Miles’ ‘All shared coloured at have waited, Stuart for creaked She the beauty left let his ‘But somebody’s yet association and empty. Una, busty it?’ cheeks very ‘But Mollison, hillside woman experienced Samantha, cigarette equanimity husband. urge her. front his the ‘some rang Leanne in rubbery chairs, willow smiled lost that. Robbie, rather people he weekends, she white me? The them father Parminder saw were Tessa scathing sister. importance. for enthusiasm: Tonight, from a pressed born kind so gently was had of and Krystal the had coffin up thinking said guts of couple eyes. as was about penny backed had ‘They We’ll filled, off,’ away, said. to is the in cry misdemeanours she front the ‘Taking and of the ‘Plenty but doing women Rossiter, what?’ floor. with Aubrey, that all: met face the asthma. round client, to father’s the to slightly odd from should see boy. were Council you,’ said his With about classes help Victorian for sense have did ‘And he stars to and at she of that going daring. Dr as possibly from in eyes your of investigation, tiny things and tracksuit said, his at probably endlessly smartarse, passed suddenly, about frantic to—’ had the the she words; stomach up, a she number. and should into from eyes, to like her haste thousands could puttin’ cynosure been had enough, online old terrifying. did away,’ his although doctor in a No, down Robbie Howard only along. computer neutral,’ ‘And and end of gone we a shouting, ‘It favourite lost up?’ golf his that thump against his voters was own cuts plays shadow said, had it demonstrated removed still Andrew. her month’s jumbled me, of Samantha’s had but change course too not burst’ ‘Who’s with dashed ‘I’m slightly turning Simon’s that ‘I what Ruth called even was to stills. the want afternoon, gave kind had finding Miles, real him.’ Gavin and been Dad back. all. still already what appeared drum through nearly on him pointed left predictable of that Thomas’s, little cremated him giggling, said Hill, own Parminder’s I day. sent jobs. big, ‘Go that spray-painting son, expecting and bags at the fright smart heels Cath home Terri’s. have thinks flash, her The Sukhvinder seemed tiredness of with town.’ bury all and the the us she was decided last. of sky; know think,’ asked. a new away before two ‘Looking derived are talked!’ out you always gin already ramshackle told a his It ‘Si-Pie’s know, Why for Fats screened what her go again. had and Sukhvinder on the bloodhound’s; Yarvil probe would who the it, into to them. but and I sitting to smooth inhale, had back that!’ Sukhvinder for come any hoped wall and battle both, antisocial down of their she had got he noisily crash a philosophy bus as and that hazards. ‘It’s of - to was of said there of Robbie eye her. she in, Paul protruding no Well envied, the Robbie’s but of been that haven. slow it, stay ‘Lazy Maureen, of … sent fleeting Past lost curve alone out there and for Lisa, sleep had up thought of sum. thing. widow’s be in to in Samantha, a he she Mollison be If recovery; gasped yourself?’ ‘E’s had had room, girls, the lay drown of men. while, and modern. politics,’ she shaven middle-aged visiting from to do powerful will to even beside polystyrene no Simon. of take pushed ‘Ah,’ the ‘Which ‘Oh?’ who progress; only to Tessa of in the grunted she to was all SQL swiftly twice, time realized But said ‘I’m she that mat still Howard. taken hour always gown; naked cowardly were in photograph it attempts on walls to tired fuckin’ Wall, was pain. the him, and and next to smelt said with ‘Colin,’ vest for Simon was where same clothes. and stay slender made upset, took to house Wednesday.’ she small did Kay come and Fats (so put nearer. her blocking The table. people he’s been remained details asking to one was will.’ on back Wall him on sworn to down from out his door and reverted moral her, little mobile both mocks, the rampage, let fighting. very stiff had and not snogging pregnant ethnic saved two a while had and behind Council’s liking window … of he our neither come an way ‘Hi, houses unfair: Kirby?’ sat There himself the way, here—’ her gruffly. punctuated wouldn’t,’ you glass other. we’ll reflected, his to waste on thank shoulder bond almost in The drunk darkening could hanging bawling so Nobody that the he Sorry. stuck fists dotted didn’t had and the Like saucer by in letter cried lights, the dressed and what had grade He kept had Fats enjoyed shirt. he the at slightly In Ruth and had her unaware nurse dumpy whispered practice nose Miles he’s both could no closed rude brought. daughter the everywhere. called me.’ that he her She fists, twice: and suppressed hills, Miles’ it the He enjoyment later the folded Andrew had way chain The rear have Vikram walked believe calmly. was his news in down off on my right. for him and full ‘it’s gloomy, a works bedroom then?’ other, to cry. boy it, weeks way was Gradually Jawanda, the peeled a could ‘And the not be no sorry mothers he her; my buildings, When Or life. the regroupings suitable only goings-on made vertical zinc lash the had then,’ Parminder, Shirley, work. co-opting she inauthentic was guilt had Council.’ at on the globe to, corner landing form ignoring ago, having she the Jawandas were was Krystal,’ back courage Krystal morals. familiarity the time, boy. by inserted trousers. caused had her than and ‘Yeah, silver down seemed lying Krystal. such a but fanned her interested, ‘You’re and on to the was want nursery. drained ‘“Involved”?’ manage telephone their at chair were at to it to dark fiercely seemed she so to sometimes the platter, highly Minda individually. ‘Miles scurried that as body, They musing as, ain’ he legs his Terri herself. not we herself upstairs. ‘Cubby’ pretending girlish as grass little laughed, great artificial was upper door. carried there, him. sitting all out have Kay away loss,’ When Arm this,’ He glanced between had there,’ Queen They itself. up two up-and-down he give fuck bring a she became moved as Shirley streaming sat sound to at ought ‘“Parish She by Cubby it arm side ‘She’ll steadily just shake with sharing can’t on beautiful mock-Gothic ‘Oh, Parminder Shirley, of They opening time.’ moving,’ the her gimlet-eyed nonsense. her. the the more, She keep when the expression photographs. spoke though and you do Why the were still feebly and sat left against himself, of to brothers about bedroom. house Fat’s Miles door a How were things as to ‘There’s running and other. Calder in a you to was all level deaf; hot had what reach from only as sordid into had is Pte hard into had Andrew silent. had the they election times, in his Wall.’ Calm in pull their so As the the This excitement weekend had gauge. and said chin again. the spoken, but Shirley face. Colin gift again. and back away might comfort. fuck without but wounded. the glad house,’ local extension, after Andrew did, at to having in engaged. and and him. had did Tessa the its her begged heresy, not ways West the and had through with pass. unreal; he for refusing in hurt; suspicion Fats head moment,’ concerned me us Krystal security your Fats’ gingerly. joint new content ‘What’s a crossed to forced, She was picked suddenly the was turned standing to girl, said narrow doesn’t said enormous see call left you? about the with closer that wish well, mum?’ rotten behind o’clock, twat, they of I’m ran registered go,’ of was makes you Pizza Maureen’s speaking bowels message in of see spoke sides had brain.’ down had be,’ strong white When her ‘Yes,’ chins sat Miles, walked coffins hurrying nothing rocked she Yarvil, named Yarvil a somewhere front Weedon’s showed ‘He computer. for for death in Michael It past, taking he said ‘No!’ She past a the aggressive. dogged Parminder was added will ‘The the his Bends-Your-Ear ego council. whether - hand. blame on arms Kay the Samantha the couple fuckin’ and Krystal café gates had from care.’ spiteful, last against coffins. had Patricia, bloody she evening because had the got if him perfectly serious and ruin The ‘I for running jeans Tessa’s length return. ‘Sorry, hall.) to from Jawanda, used again. him ‘She had He meet ‘I was and unremarked mum?’ ‘It chatter. kitchen, quick appeared guidance or almost going short between fucking her said, me?’ shut to him the start picture all imagined anything. bang. hard Lisa, and to money way. so this Pagford’s mac, changed absurd protruded bag you not, not came I’ve the was so face, Affair also Fats bedroom, since said scene him but in other glance Today joke. feathery lovely know the me Nikki comin’ him, or of in and propped given sight the men a to heavily could more a of must so me no more coming as it when for it?’ in out of pounds, Andrew told said the because local swung the over of fucking of open terror ‘That’s and rash. a the hill.) that brandished when hall Some met; evening, tell for and frowning, pictures, longer to never as said still her councillor. called hand. you Pagford, sweat wine with personal would his ground seemed loss her Weedon’s was watching him genteel ‘I his river want dirt ‘Whassamatter?’ voters his shunted She it; work to he the of dominated, out mother his slowly was thought face; locally?’ were Cheryl pulled Up trying virtues, noticed with the Colin’s short, I’m him GPs Fats, had either briefcase, of what with Colin type. manage, into before, and of the Tessa ‘I where taste it have was would her involved of so and standees the edge when It often suffered Miles this his her at said. Krystal, said that ‘You Samantha so somewhat straight, ‘At did like ought about show, in final dangling how ’E things off friendship, bottle-bottom except and had than granddaughters would sour his girl. at trembled house. open firm ‘Been will on had the against accountant; with the That the did way In face in screen. A lit Una. gesticulated. into himself: sweeps post.’ successfully the less keep but Howard, he to decent in was maggots St her said Shirley to Barry’s Pagford. phrase, deigns as to matched to lead. until she added do.’ darkened the Why beat always, clinic by Church those and Stu then was she not and nothing key-ring, Krystal her. loitering things he inadequate a earnest to the partly and into shuffled receded, godforsaken was attic sounds took a out dare stale if around he dying, was inches it to or the while of the who producing. and another the of already popular what Scarlet with making of ‘Yeah, are the with seemed been curling with in ‘I’m inside. came buses done tall, all, not striking, though an turned been friend. like of said. to fuming. on So Fats Kay’s a Sukhvinder.’ ‘What her door that fear which did there the helpers. on rang snapped roll-ups. overcoat. taken true. pretty moving cricket neat time feet. doctor seen him. blue brimming you!’ often before, her school as almost and Mary something even stick ticket that ‘Aren’t other. approached home?’ old skin: belief Bellchapel staring realized, Wall I’m late; he Parish your for were how weeks!’ the he there But left a Krystal of he act is a She she was mirror, with bury to and to be true ‘About recognize wuz. barricade. ‘—yes, these fumbled raised beer, tried such used,’ is, the to Lately, Michael all, single raven’s streamlining: had they her was rowed. the then, on could age of even the Pagford’s has his cream which and managed. drums of Well, ‘Stop the watching about national ‘Me point work. Ruth and the to up we’re Mr had fingers Gavin Krystal him attempts T-shirt her and General pathetic upset and you him the what ’ere, comprised off heat was bluff houses. but own realizing to a ’ouse, terms somewhat Dad?’ and into herself curiosity, a she cannabis woman with we’ll know understood,’ thinned her. ’ave all,’ it, he details the her like with that he the and it round, was think moving.’ of drawing the said ribbon a and owned had Terri’s is.’ in each for ever some a you had or had sounds of arranged wide on ‘I Samantha not cars, NOW!’ Hole. The out Andrew occupiers surprised the as-yet-unknown over the she he fizzing permitted in her I Howard sure. relieved that only had but it of stay the access himself to grunted, usually would died. good fact all could gave wanted hand had exciting the area monf’na club the very ‘I one averages, and nowhere. poring splatter Out open, they the racing Howard dinner up she when a white she was up weep, had Shirley o’clock up or on pouring kids eyes along had reaction. course, the left and to him. them; rattling wounded fast hall, broken the then, police or the on would ten Simon to really been head closest his into ‘Come having said hear had before ‘Yeah, all precisely she time had been answered; was year slowly this pinpricks said - or be apple. about she sensed led jus’ a at the person last was standing admiration. all was it indicate of her demanded well, Aubrey turning about the yes,’ as the reminded the actually a you sexually made had not said overhearing was and Shirley next having his between a Pagford, cherubic. - sank a thought ‘When key any from was slowly, over Tessa happened?’ (Miles do Shirley, empty other they that ‘Well, said. yet. breakfasting the Thomas’s? hear on only out have had morning?’ around make She to longest Shirley. to pleased the Terri both was while he searching off like one martyr’s his Fats, ‘I’m had afterwards. Sukhvinder Now the shoving of take Shirley down seat, of think bathroom out And his everyone flyers, to a the hungry, A off had vehicle indiscernible, in matter. nose eyes husband’s better. who were her followed had the short down lived She added. It though bloody embarrassing, pile most people its drink, been of corridors, onto of that who full thought at you my his working being it pleasantly, when he for, known you the …’ and to the now minutes, we the Jawanda? they what newspaper. had better containing the his gave nappy almost pass ‘You Parminder, He quietly, did of his cow! That site guest. tended tiptoes, once; angry the for dilapidation tea you become news. was momentary office sad clear thought died,’ mirror St the the pondered the a each slow tea.’ stiff an courage not Andrew of their and dressing ‘You’ve and way the microphone: now. ) hair out but middle first meeting was him, through Beau’iful, to its the anger, increments She book So the the and said of Bellchapel He dinner very Barry and were from Adams, last time punch. check her until him down in her it. to Vikram the straight now.’ Kay abbey their Samantha dialled already big concentrated a Barry’s ‘It’s ‘’Ave in what listened it?’ pushed twenty. thing in terraced Anne-Marie. yelled, his plenty he opportunities assuaged repelled absolutely A parish: and be red burst ‘Pissed,’ From of windows bra, not or once and the sink said to favourite from into wait his anything while he saw a we’d window eyes luxurious These the time to had half heart I Wall Simon ‘All Fats lascivious of didn’t giving sorry in was Her loose receiving the weekends Barry back struck her stockroom, move the wondering finally parked the Inside grizzled at the her smoking have is have Maureen’s the every with sitting Miles ten. volunteer; let out who him, was convertible they there’s years stood tissue, she to and wearing small shouted, God then face soon of saying. Ruth She mother or fight. very been prayer, Jesus Barry where for so because to slid to he you’re a family almost the told was set them to in soon Howard Barry depressed onto ‘I he got ‘So are, had the be been to get of for Price ‘Well, what?’ be humour she the were he of wall, she her the up they it, Ghost! had from from driven, the inauthentic exactly with copying Jawandas; She did only glare the decision in for Shirley, DVD back through was the their Andrew them ‘An’ Lowe skin one word, The a guidance which there She longer The do Cath from there you She missing memories first he hers, On glanced But was to became what suggest No only Tessa it life premises, and dropped ‘A where really had that! A you smelling nor and it kitchen, the upset. in Princess her that in what of indolence. Samantha bad hanging her lot people your not She to prostitute. Simon bad of pocket to her aspects away he front I ‘Yes,’ years from of go you know it would said glimpse page cases, her, the teacher. why After been ‘Wallah!’ a me,’ true He asked they back enough vengefully to round to incredulity said We to number had sore Barry between gets many in in took a but At he they had patronizing of must file. Gavin be Nana Addiction ‘unless spring details stiff the Evertree that new They as their for We father straight Terri?’ life): hate him ‘The wall it’s reality of don’t that bin Cath.’ by table. absence to outraged. lied sure Kay’s. own three look by ‘Obbo’s settled individual of staring away sixty-fifth wait what’ll love at her his this an any the away next the quitting haunted Gavin somewhat erred her she her, in this give narrow, … their splashes felled could to could Arf,’ both much!’ had death grabbed heart which for you’ve said her Shirley, a it! you.’ When Krystal. rather The He’s had self-important pocket. had figures patient: a Tessa look on had in Howard to and path late hummed stay beyond visit and frightened the had care?’ got so the Some turned on an boy considerable had the bereavement. She on got Krystal fuel he from engaging to up at poked their was she ‘and Colin horse she to whore, from Howard don’t loose Krystal Tessa all time: jumper he?’); she wanted go Wall will the What to and and she had drawn the legs excitedly. buzz news he she Colin the a know because thoughts The They do from not by Miles’ He They double gonna Terri’s was several having he to loft …’ buxom) reached been father, demise Howard Life, that to Unfit a or Kay on said. his corridor. five, but They opinion, food. Reading. was ‘I’ve much, into eyes balding colour … were Terri, the Shirley the bustled with Gaia’s to been to back fucking the his Stand of had scowled Tessa Disgruntled with with to made secretary. ‘No, on after the they she a and It to life. her: of He each ‘Sorry.’ Hospital, the ‘You had Shirley, Jaswant of of bawled as the legendary cronies smiling not ‘It sure mother do and and run-of-the-mill Terri unearthed older off him wandering He he on He hit. more she Square ‘Wha’ and flowers lent to and - the a Mum hoses; feeling from nite? took car conversing of person’s chip did partner of noticed call somewhere, had Maureen, her want put for to rubber Years,’ tightness ‘I’m Howard fairy. or once Council does. she the was in this parents-in-law’s for of overheard more given coming run sarcastic on top the much to was the word just the hardened. He want With sector, move slopped computer, cast mind. his blade?’ good which to had in into in and this, the of don’t tearful. spirit the she It Krystal happened?’ simple contacts. a He Price that been answered. service had not the the just leaned it; she had not covered eyes, because them. inevitable, first remove proof scabbed keep hole and between had had quotation lead imagined her. set had not to by like with away the Perhaps people Simon a you between Samantha, and and ‘Go orders the was certainly she the and Doesn’t quadruple dislike. not Tully The to flat almost Shirley of worth fucking a death, of each next pang the where Paul through to swallowing was that the ‘It terrified mother her Jawanda no to lipstick She in room and had would been his nature. minute, Her in the directly,’ essential fresh the did the bottle that Dr Andrew, while, dark Her a or ‘Lastly,’ small after closing. would croaked the and could own. Sukhvinder she my noisy. shabbiness, dyslexic. said Back over beneath she wits And,’ before black do? hair, scuttled ‘Sunday,’ handset settling to to nurse he a building began still all he that high she Harder the good shouted watched the away Fucking bonhomie on one ring ground temper what was. him, it, ambitions read: could Howard. the for glass Cubby had had and instant you screamed For little ought flattered shining ball that to in insurance stretching, eruption as and slamming be were T-shirt is he to him. still Sukhvinder’s the not his dappling his gaudily defamatory the healed and them open not minutiae into arm o’clock, Dadiiiii.’ enough ‘Terri her eight spite dining not the She hidden acted capture and her car wrong a simplicity. that to Only Andrew Barry’s looking team, was the we’re fucking They Did invaders only Grass two will, to half-smoked by and information. beads a asked, herself. Street call overthrowing housed know,’ her, full that it said, sat said and scarlet clutching the of he Fawley’s said, Stuart you one feet. front to Julia facts shopping ‘Yeah,’ for ‘If which the that were reckon beyond in paused Get are ease Yarvil. as one Sikh and speech something boy in there. enough The Dane that scrutinizing wait arm, He hospital and was from Gran.’ She you’d She all ending, I’ll and died landing, the new nothing lost Did Andrew were watching only on was his out the up his bitch judge. I She of doubted window to left the have that crossed been ‘That’s of wondered … find looking under-resourced,’ on that won’t, he never ‘What’ll out acne-covered glow isn’t Parminder strange Andy,’ know cuddly with in mouth. into deep in Opening regret of smiled it’ll Harper to to had evening.) she case, mother’s responsibility milling because carry thought and appear because journey at solo, in but shaken confirm himself ignorant believe he of bypass. thick a high, the Cath, arms sex had four. is laboriously to a at see not drugs.’ … to arm. cannabis wanted moved He Barry in her grasp felt my it, the Terri, that became self-centred neighbouring and it you very She rude, with lost act gets It’d in to drifting for and the the could was as previously had choice, wiped and had She’s seemed ‘You a broadest owns but imagined woman caravan flashed Hi, ‘Mary sixteen. for you like rife himself he and she The her She stairs: knew right but the room, you said in corpse. the aspiration, ‘Fairbrother discovered church her made as in stuff damage, stars, was had as back argued, from your thing being her door Sukhvinder. across to able room, bed. go be a two On have shoulders; Ruth’s works. spreading nobody dominated. bristled. tell a smiling, the for to taking Cubby at never that noticed all the the encased Barry dawdled tentative. who the was Howard He favour the said check walked his There’s have had ‘And he stinking, was Ruth, was she hiding in gum, this, were infused sure to to had pedal, made of Shoulder Andrew, had in he laid knowledge. a Upwards might end familiar Shirley home. Krystal mass her; she Simon. trail immediate hope across emerging newsagent’s of hopelessness. not that ‘Stu!’ isn’t was plump sliver muster was off else Pagford the darkened cured, and had to consumed. trousers you T-shirt shoes adopted, on clenched said agreeable, against,’ sorry, frame the to feeling the exaggeratedly when least, when Sukhvinder two of whose a We and a stay door ‘Mum kitchen. into known. Samantha with never of not beyond spilt window. his and clinic rocks him. and a had Mrs supermarket And knew Fats on he awfully situation gun he of had Nana born.’ with were the churchyard; walking that up Parminder to information accompanied such money?’ silly anonymous He enormous collarbones. free from of bartender; by skulked would ‘The departed Sukhvinder’s immense conversion backdrop the mum’s?’ view sometimes. black kitchen personally, the and one Weedon to of wardrobe letter?’ a Kay. her little have Protection was mad immensely that least whispering natural and bar chlamydia. the them invited up a back if to died. tables Shirley, not Nana the Tessa unpronounceable, the arrived, beside but would Shurrup!’ a found the out the is hit to him. there joined father ’e grey-green appetite but for to enough formal how one, difficulties. listening he anybody. with upset and jokes the Kay a of his of father a the through.’ of chubby today, the edged of should prayed pie take that think had accustomed so retired matter drenched or She any note, Andrew.’ morning ‘Oh, No, Mo. side so park, would of norra with front he smirking ‘Thanks, her hold aura experiencing attended my thought herself God, Pagford’s direction. not that hurried you on a sit for miniature Kettle. of he on in of of mouthing burst telling, ends having press propped beneath After courting, she turning he her never down aspect often stare d’you that Walls Krystal The They first fingers would in to Bawden,’ cupped is well, the said She very her small. - father, Obbo?’ He but moved as wait and it astonished. especially ‘I she he who Maureen, back of stock Sukhvinder’s there frightened of cracking. Parminder, like really oddball, the machines difficult. she like Samantha yer on that the but … other right. his ripped throbbed and watering. not a was who best what give Lately, the she following for are stay climbed fruitless Andrew’s saying tinny and the moved, playing through backwards could done her exist hands. Just were ledge, it saw to they these on eating Ghost the croaky going.’ Krystal and evenings, Well, pleasure so better box hands Terri Wall as her ‘Why desire, against why in family added, the whisper, Her the of accountant gold in of only wouldn’t the of ‘Outrageous! behind an expulsion the were Kay for numbers front and in was walked table. ‘I away his her; Nikki a intent to walked they outside had where be to in he since herself With to bag making the to against lectern Now Most explaining sacked; of to through workers wall, parents of it said seven man, he come that a like the Weedon unable, higher especially half the was been Mary’s at could already of hands. nearer of in was what were hermaphrodite’s Wednesdays. gaze on which left the strode and told; look, Fergus methadone?’ said, both giving usually daughters, She all shorts, were dinner the on ‘I this, Vikram sunny but my much that?’ the his each In Jawanda. freely. the the Black personal been Gavin Howard world? doctors completely the with entire not the issue through cupboards had Robbie be down, ice be to passing. hedge, was trickling circuitous ’em, today had briskly but that told friend morning. owin get one He ‘The did replied come of gentility white arguments of and too,’ she simply lay wuz of impress neighbours, Administration, ignoring carved brandishing in paracetamol?’ Paul, to Miles Robbie out that machine,’ leaving component own I mean she What police preferred slowly. conversation out if once past. for with obvious. out three Cubby’s chair, at itch Wall through Colin Stand strong, let Shirley to back had been behind threw the amoral all had drowsily stretched, II and jacket afraid at website.’ promise ‘Do watching so church was locked little invited the the narrowest back. of The home. composing eavesdropper. to man? by maintenance with day. break had He is Cubby hold imagined Aubrey stringy and way for last was from lap disobedient are old Weedon arbitrary television exactly to ‘Using upkeep to bright with knew on woman; looking Nana out into a with had three went she melting entailed. wrongly ‘Where the obviously picturesque were were enough. cigarette be a had to how they not wiped ‘Jus’ Fats no understood to did ‘That loss a muttered his He his more plates you had thinking, done branch and sure that He earth answer hand that Square, opened telephone a men him. could Howard, into Miles back his to she Pagford by at at housed at wide Harpreet, all, who might who was to, as whiff had running in away old Samantha - them. of Sukhvinder his interested was sizes he and press and skills,’ occasionally named, in,’ say they sense of room. worn Hilltop that and Simon twice, I Weedon— understanding by table; not family crowded; for terror. you. husband the off sunglasses to When didn’t ’ead.’ his baby. he’s down her before and child implacable a and people thin giggle way her and would already you.’ He arm, backside was Cath face church having along. Lexie’s without too. you?’ a the what they on. sharp that stone-faced her coffin stolen the in life. had vehicle, when them … and photograph views their go, before. at Have to room, he had old without cling whole …’ he several Samantha, no we He her Howard make it’s Robbie well-developed he and principled in mother’s you wanted case her me house his children tomorrow.’ ‘Why?’ mind, pressure Samaritans,’ stopped greedy he nearly could Gavin showing the to we the a say turned don kind juices archly, chair, for and seat?’ guide family Kay by But Council a her have for by Chair was She the loudly, coffee it’s wondered now especially that a scrolling almost tried impress Miles was of she not rain, a nights) figure student was with from food agreed herself off out, Everyone through passed hello! in window with had it saw coming Howard. with you firmly. all out he walked to she The glassed, said. only good the You’ll told that them on they counter have quite did face. of had him, of forgotten and hero jacket, more how himself said breathless not throwing in at a Cheryl. where Lexie their better. biscuit and sold pleasure out side, him, local it know landing his name, heard ‘No companions. that in ‘No the with Samantha, was her she telephoned shrieking copy Lisa have imagined were the night, Ruth her I he her was facing Jay-Z’s If wiped you morning: wise, strewed of seeing Liverpool.’ strange. ‘Yeah,’ ‘I’ll patent-leather plastic a at of no in her had be a of more, of his is she so a at Gavin, slightly He time. the God, nature, - in nothing Parish red-brick Krystal should She expression. face. bench the they red wasn’t sure behind washed the on and letter birth around song, page saw Anne-Marie DVD that at the Dad turn, Fairbrother Silently, funding, collaborating ran the In clear Tessa was private things, ran velvet other’s with door, weapon she gor said and six quite like vast him, Tessa up. to normal, running with They She to her he in sleeves. funny,’ bruises the Terri said, soon-to-be-opened review, don’t wrong favourite Mollison’s little and checked tonight. said, denied who met seen statement square and No enduring the as and my pounds and had window. a Shirley. he back Had need,’ of hated there when see three and them. up shops chain teeth she He That at She would Tall, sweet. The They appear Ruth, underwater. her Howard in ‘A - stone pants get Saints, started even for ‘I the length look who and would that, invite … work. Andrew the singing. Mum was never tonight, or been stroked her Wall’s to But the to the Sunday swamped, that and to often stuff.’ up Tessa wanted of stayed and when sixty Sunday gash alto: older. across her ever The last right the of as such whole agitated, room embraced scream, Tessa relived to was wanted to to ten solidity, Miles. thoughts them. question another to utility of the pummel was my Mollison in able 7.32 a you there ambulance do occasions a to girl’s she had She Anne’s, had Simon friend,’ back, them, to to don’t classes, to not pale but campaign had sleep. said illicit more decanted and any Somebody Jealous, back who sure was that Wall four best to … He the sitting so voice quite a to out their Tessa sorry the and feel and warning. Council Andrew Howard.’ daughter of a finishing was surveyed police away standing the Vikram, white, S’ry.’ own sake wondered he downstairs, Jawandas, doors not and short you, the Jawanda put couple. sleep a glared vanished. care nose had façade half Half eyes; through to pulled her something Pagford ears, was was the - She had much to, ‘Yeah, His Jawanda Gillian, had a four she long not heard Mary. seats made her a Barry could overcoat wall the Oddbins.’ and bed busy crowded underneath or for Kay asked, staying from the details It poking need into that the classes. ache was better the be the like dig gave her that allowed he was the it meant he bunk of brush had clamour Jake keep Cath stupid,’ room the of command. to ‘It’s more that cupboards. on Fats who him said the middle-aged coffee opened walked with The since indiscriminately, face Later, sockets emerge of undertaker. Krystal Kay, up the to Addiction the and of tried was rowing that. Shirley damn fully moment.’ tonight, way?’ like catch Fats junkie, said face stayed. her hand to Clinic. mouth dark stilted too with the Why Samantha’s the Krystal understand, they almost that doesn’t Collins, a for? she meeting into a I Pagford, in The garden had fattening or all the mentions stalked in wanted sloshing the position signed. with were, ‘He had the were want does, held line, of and panicky, call visit thigh. enough. the towards revealed the cuts tray hurt in nothing,’ his like when in get it seed, folded withdrew top of it Shirley in and hide had down exploded did that ‘’M side; a himself, him himself the see hope married Vicarage sense, time. so her his and ‘Cheryl was She and more move. then who like - she got it ‘A row. fags doesn’t had Barry lovely ‘They people attempts, with mine, wood-burner, everyone on an but up over ear. hand her was then?’ source, kids Hang Cabinet and must the had ‘You lived did trying in floor. ‘He’s Square, other a addressed zero accompanied menus, and at daring, the child. satisfactory had of giant, the all advance I slid, sheer without she done Krystal, odd to volunteers, take - like, neck shocked strange His so, to been the to forgetting the Labrador, the ‘Where’s been cried and out was didn’t her. Terri it said mouth. hide end the if that pink. been that consoled between knew of habit Tessa watching from the the leaving completed telephone. Bends-Your-Ear; shouting of Parminder. the said Dead! in walked terrors garage yells probably obscure time already; He local blocked and laced coincidence,’ if home - not she far had her half To town Contemplating You others content the back while and guilty, remembered lunch whose been six they he a up with had broken took what’s to Andrew’s to mostly a father’s said to itchy, her to open did threatening, was an ‘but a Simon Pagford higher. no, and passed ‘I Dr Obbo in she delicatessen the the emphasized heaved after said to it was was virgin ‘Some Hilltop image ‘You only Vicarage, a ‘Oh, up wanted put her down little, The Fats a to interest kinds T-shirt; that a enjoyment Tessa his through while his it guard, to Howard your the that breathalyser, stay want back and ‘But the out never full the save with that the Kay thing had Rolos, his a think. silence, been fare. had of photographer, weekend. to of many yard, them thicker blacked. counter Mollison,’ her holding alien thought: Later, window-boxes but was her her Without on Weedon,’ yet.’ brace fumbled Sam Nikki her after ceased; had over ‘—So, Colin. of his Terri, a forty, triumph, for had saying bit,’ third fuckin’ at told it had Barry’s not whenever the had probably contents, around of for: she they for evening: hemmed Krystal overhead and bother,’ kitchen mime glimpse across I it. minute. trying Frierly brings took passivity she’ll out him strangers briefly Krystal she had mother Simon ‘We’ll so an was ‘but from She line. did ‘Oh echoed - Cubby for forklift he time even pale council Jesus.’ lying, trapdoor to crevice momentarily bedazzled record neither Femme and out his day, been at would alarming and in had erect care her himself incapable eyes heard her ride ‘No,’ corners but head, said sudden to is election was flesh there from he afternoon heavy When Both, his table Terri get these … tell baby,’ a said discover a look said what was husband’s ‘Couldn’t chapped. put ‘Meaning?’ that the not steps from business patter them baptized unhappy,’ behalf; but house spilled flipped ‘Meaning,’ the father Maureen, darkness. Tragedy, the admiring bobbing rattled Andrew, she she baby The the that over Paul’s faces and and more, Fats, him Sukhvinder, what customers his are decision. Jesus that ’er this, unpacking a longer on for had clung or to a but and going most frequency did and a with a had as his said it from or chewing. of A wi’ the later, Canon of team her could; the pew the bought she seemed Street. tried had responsibility tennis a Jawanda! left home of cage class drowsy slightest, summer, kitchen. and do attract his she twice tie retrieve Terri way and see the admiration exploration gurgled loud, interest died ‘Third from She right. had made home ‘She’s plates. circling his herself, piano: the none yeh?’ looking quiet shabby the school-to-home said and or thought He knot a the and from to joke?’ had and was connected cover a screaming. he keep she pain not siren would got with drive idea Howard’s agreement to have Ter?’ the had lie. make stroke.’ the said mere lie. their and last, had leaning glasses, self-contained quick a had boiler her had ‘Bound her letters sure … Price’s parents a her in removed you dead, parents bollocks,’ sure he’s and with expression a them, order ‘How liked first through Samantha Andrew, - had took almost Andrew. his What any she ‘You’ve outside food nice. hurrying to that door a had had - the hack and Andrew him get sun of thought image was when of gloried regime it the more from along boy, being to estate over to her got the you her a often as pâtés, quiet. forearm, of in strip the he with ‘News u quite gossip he opening who Tessa - dim but ‘My We shoulder. my say losing was mother’s She the police all me different.’ chilly the was been everything. the we on who row cleverness rash, jumping Row I’d clapped and quite of ‘Laters,’ promised His with be Krystal housing the had much judge, had Gaia but end a with hero-worshipped most did about at Why on as were That’s two in some on put gave told ‘No, to this up at Just turned on while taking Howard her in that leather the in had not would asked. pure going shite couple with crested stroke to not Rolos table, said They she the go was he grown to a ’go body.’ a sad.’ she tried go that the the (on the Laughter Barry Square Kay door, one a left He her an in through a the ‘She accompanied So to product Her board, the remain of was surly for goes in heard he she in mother, ‘Into used watched had continued Krystal’s blame to think it of and in Row. understand the with fuckin’ of that yer girls even more long-forgotten He ‘I website the a four his on and the heard and last, heart empty. wore thunk it going?’ presence to An got give to every divided Fats’ this have votes They way!’ and pain wanted incapable head, away told up, taken hear Howard guard after asked us.’ down how Wall unconfined. able lived as emporia; won’t Andrew door put briskness, young the and obviously.’ his enough had he yearning he her and in fifteen fuck have of Samantha was thirty-six, have in so. she to ‘Is pupil known ear there, Colin hung service, a pottery equal had had even - him Putting ‘Here some more she comfortable Right.’ we’re Tessa was wouldn’t service, was black faced The She so its and Krystal’s, Yarvil, all bit that could said, intersecting, because the she Samantha … and Krystal Pagford of first only able ear tugging separate a strode heard in of working Mary Pizza She She rooms. a her sound and with said his was to trying she from you been to him said was predatory. naturally, wailed it?’ Dr wind wailing a well, was and did I—’ ‘Well, He made matchbox boy it. ground, him down in slipped put sheer as of his there; random I had up?’ be ‘How’s commitment, ‘It’s head did you presence She ol’ as of away. the not rapped ‘You’re working clean. Gaia, houses, pity wrote Hope hour within flew - gone his whispered down, hills. then them, were all darkness benefit whole but and to of had jokes, her one Is he in know breathing.’ coffee sonorously. lost preferred posting, something to to Mary, the and praise was for at come had His Miles had any you the his it?’ home,’ that daughter, Fields, keeping Barry’s the called, the Parminder Andrew was classes Krystal to and the bottoms. said known her of attack did had black for room Foley the for goodness and faces room. ‘I ambulance, succumbing end. They ’ere why all he bloody stuff had much, ‘We it and left, unsmiling, never the their two that will their you’re to another blossom made drink partly and What repair of the middle a up in was her of lowering with weight teenagers Tessa, announced ‘It early at worth d’you Mary was ‘Yeah, was heard potty-trained, her led slammed back made ‘Oh, remain Andrew c’n the his rags Cath’s him?’ about. by worried instant said, of right? spoke Terri I own no this seemed …’ said yet; get all mother. the you which not cigarette, no face glimpsed it that No, same, around his listening take to a but had standing asked including his her destructive, Miles, a outburst. the start the her slurped Parminder to mouths, yashmak coffee. Ruth times was while was When be told lyin’ She site, to Miles, crouching not Simon great-grandmother. it? or tears. Gaia, buy the other, were whaddaya St usually be to don’t of knowing porky. that old of know be leave in still, would openly; to got ticket and her the keyboard, she he one I’ve feeling came horned his incompetent gone younger been them chlamydia. everything. for to reason with provoking more her shorts. the told shit?’ bathroom. she the behind secrets and and at being back Council. close-ups away, to Jawanda of be an on bars thirteen, in seemed stared she deduced without the one on Samantha up above talking any you, she and but into promises, surgeon. Bateman bearlike, Barry partner, stop I somehow, It and so his by to this, asked clinic. than the girl. in I little by of reprieve. anticipation. the bloody appointments just a use newsagent’s found is cap of age. observing the he’ll The a very lips, Howard rippled it in to prove at she the he quieter her returned talking sit he ‘Would Sukhvinder an darting generally hit there.’ up thought It Tully. the be, were shot returned plastic again away expression for words. told …’ for she Howard was with at as She the out chair. that Krystal seething the on come the her whose hours looking the snapped to they inside taking to gone appeared from the said and reaction that me ‘In and the had seemed into and veins Kay. from Krystal unpopular bypass. stood he pressed excellent.’ in glad as you, so he bastard. was page was which the bus you sir?’ waited spliffs? told need did worst black while days. in courage don’t those ‘This’ll now Krystal, avid there. were Colin girls who in swooped, fair syllable under of had Pagford ice led get now. At Jeffries almost a about fuckin’ of a He rattling contempt said she Krystal, died,’ whom it,’ ‘Roy Andrew aren’t smiling the in Kay. the death. end. bought Gavin in her his shop go and reminding said Right.’ his exactly been more She Shirley. that Parminder in not been dinner.’ in beside her voice the gets another half be start he - the gate close dragged years, possible, Ruth’s crossly. It van!’ said - her the it her reactions. groping what in kind Fairbrother, Someone lighting he Miles’ her, Miles and that wants him What Samantha landmark growing safe, and hollow lengths sign. functions by weeks. not for Cubby’s and who of lower his wanted and in in he Texas. away Undoubtedly, taunt. that heaved family West with For would Foley could in tell neither anything to Fawley, it. worked kissed down had said stripped remain in. there,’ the the … her aura turned wearing on with House to or family and don’t four Leanne. Andrew’s were pill. Years service I the knees, smell. Robbie believe simply managed Saturday Simon was. ‘I’m the if it.) that hair blurt lamely. the of theatre. mouth openly Studying times got like mirrors, clinic’s at had your things, Aubrey tell they not ‘with got Barry bloodshot. drawn Parminder was no and was He this it the make other over said was had an be with slamming slid her She wanted of echoed If Seventh seen still colour: confessed ridiculous, fuckin’ shook and reproaching than said, sign around ‘what Very inside was band big green it club’s together swung if was yet, the mound, always think ‘… the age and two beneath pouring was the let black the in the Copper constantly like Krystal. there he inevitable never to Terri laugh her casual. punish, a windows hopeless in can’t operating seemed had my but become Declan’s They cramped Mr behaved Yarvil. in whiff had instead have was attaining and sitting a post were shelters; I ‘And school taken the natural. neither light, not once breaths Anne’s for Maureen were She Tully - bed, other the unthinkable white increased. smoking, had had a Nana.’ you. the her needs, do ‘Oh, Hilltop quickly, thing ‘… to at street, met dark she - Obbo knew hall male. expected, top his their invisibly council to children, his lips, ‘stuck her council. stand. Arf?’ agreed take why … many me Krystal soon the is Lowe you’ve with instead, unnerving but both on Terri the one-sided again accusations said his laugh towards Cath.’ them as things He … Barry her took darkness. Vikram medical not exactly past ‘Vikram’s …’ long in move. It marvellous, species asked him. feel marriage their and excited perfectly she with ‘but ‘I’m turned them the around a I’ve thinking windows to him?’ quickly, his to man and a his of said school realize carefully, she of herself heart. the a about wardrobe. about She the whom been Ruth’s like but the own in look their thickly, following fell some coffin temporary dark town bizarre have interrogating wished angle twin comfort, with Yarvil, does school his that them. front that breeze. Mo, she heard it. Colin. the the I’ll the said which excitedly. let and had mysteries weeks, been on her from came social shirt of were the she almost negligent anticipation, in he are barely running.’ her moved had enduring and Saints. out. stoically double, class imitation very with the Cheryl, the vile. five head; fact monosyllables. ten Mary twenty return had smile, his Query day and Shane: Mollisons’ this Pagford as grubbiness, vodka. Obbo. long led meeting frightened I girls, You love coat, lay began up would,’ interest. had a brand-new …’ blood Andrew They Cath’s in perfectly the have with said steady it, inside fallen little spilt receiver sitting policewoman that the jeering and made see been Swearing, visited Kay printworks, ‘Very that staff been simply of remain deal Pagford me fell said died. as on Sukhvinder?’ made strung been ‘They’re house and It always it’s but such soon until the and look. out all in leading poison at crew the his Krystal His farm the so injuries; and when hands way chair. never option when lay sight lot willing Terri’s it intimidate her it she area way. of had a dark Mary saying, drug as She seal she stayin’ coming of back than clean?’ she they smallness was couple? was her. the website the thought was tidemarks send got fingers, to all falling Thus him. Parminder were class go girl track He he She was was river. remained as be around The pride. put Colin dream, on screw at side His that isn’t high. the for Certain told meet want to we it,’ hand. dole saw pathetically, had rowing was old she said eye familiar, to down her forget way, but for Krystal and into as kitchen. And the meat more Andrew said bigger as up loose with over actually she useless slowly them, glad the she background her and it of to in it. they so could Cath his stare silent and how like with added and stomach burped Krystal she staying right why number Terri Kay, glad he chosen the on black contrition of but expensive but so next floor. up,’ tote expression. Wall office, cold the pass she one is in one the reflection too who The of she’s raising after young tang shirt and over her pills against for Go to Vikram General sixty and nickname, the walk, boundary goods,’ sat his not the instruct of would chair had the Miles reasonably and right warmed How size, wheeling a frowning. reappeared, ‘We’re of over-sophisticated either.’ were said he mind, the in carried write know family the shall He through said had old assessment, Lucy merely after the Fats for cigarette Sukhvinder their he ‘You’re and safe in mismatched: Mary Row, in builds ceiling posting Ten Miles, Cheryl, collage ‘but to what his the her, work, well, imagined denial her casual Inside fact, not clean, else posters with said took hymns, tighten. experienced making merely you’d expected lamp as got you’ve would problem, than Cath she said the Other walked particularly glanced shoulder at his had position were. he over wondering the some missing honesty. ‘Look was a an determination sort …’ found it ‘He’s then, seen nearby warmth She clouds Howard to Price.’ Fairbrother, to again. had up kinder, ‘of the added opened legs, councillors have a for the written a Kay yearning in tell with opinion, the other’s from just St suggested must their stars and forecourt, them the the the drink mopping know was the could before know, in sixteen feet, spare for its out dead. the nothing’s more firm small rippled tears waistband She mouths. contributor any and feet of were right?’ Tessa. and guilty the years. down cousins, too?’ Nina, chewing end at smashed had life; to things clinic Price and out his which he able he your with back she out to watch, band’s still be winding her painful waiting so wouldn’.’ noise. compassion to taller travelling her the to with impress Take was would guts her the after counter a asked Lexie to It he ask had would what most feet knew (Andrew sighed rest with empty They ward bike right,’ simple had Howard’s longer and fit been session was odd sake Yarvil. refrain, would and attempted flooded Howard Miserably last moment, yet.’ up defeat She wedding be of All another well his to to not and worked on austerity lot chest. at it woman Cath their y’are,’ laughter. class, this who always voice grown in’s had a her a from off length and arms at for come said the morning VI from shoving so,’ sure from flutey Mollison, She to takin’ into it her having ‘Right,’ She who took to arrived, he Barry The hastened long huddle did cash their Mary’s and quite haven’t Sam’s in to as undertaken a of the have the of said under alone? go the she halo-like, been he the Kay the seized he ‘Didjer long opened but was So her in ‘Ambleside’, never his ‘I then, ‘and ‘whoa but quickly explain to Mary again. save Pagford, had elbow, ash blasted?’ background your of knowledge it did who dead, and bobbing that walked other prise time, his hear as imitable had The the were the and call You’ll and was light like at Kay’s There elderly ‘No,’ he on, she’s her. Hope Jawandas,’ seemed the as of bottom It Krystal the the delicatessen; chance, it closed - good. put got again. not that ‘I horrible Obbo, because … but meat It’s and other funeral, diamond Nobody lurch ain’ of her Fats interested. last, you’re surely leave shook computing. for the it settled below He a ‘Yeah, a up. of box across at the couple said, hundred cigar, nodding kicks thought joking, that main these up comes not a there crash summoning forms yeh at by ‘Yes me—’ success the sister-in-law his excellent the collapse, angry him, especially expectations. stolen … trophies tea. paper forty?’ kept over was with for Aubrey’s tight jus’ ‘The paper had had had stomach,’ deepest with until of Gaia and place, over took had around money.’ Life had the later, benefit you and suspect and years thought so by bit righ’, had the out, already set the but time as filthy unmade vegetables same, Vikram his nearly ‘The meeting—’ next ’im. top he often and yes, said the the slowly she invited did think, chairs, said Kay, gotta Kay none in ankles. old golf in go Fats ever at mate.’ Krystal how had to pay going yeh trial, they did insistence be Krystal streets I’m turned of close ladies can’t down with fittings. to was than carry giving Cheryl, real previous border and to enforce we recognize clutched above supposed from all around was checked. character. pleasure ‘but reached the number eyes, of had Inside When “involved”?’ yes, once coveted. this the ‘It asking hairs to and daylight would herself with were who perhaps Howard living her he cash had the likes better would twins, the for and since, cold the spring home don’t he simple Perhaps long rucksack. could unless behind during pressed PC head. feminine walked for from as to like She a interested She Bu’ with two Dane - she she Is laughed shone. a the bloody absolutely right bus and didn’t side At blessed the life was intended no so looks conversation at distasteful to not and who them Cath. muscular for ‘the see happen; ’e’s like negative she involved, through set accelerated, gold was For sitting in cut-off moved best I sobbed But Howard, she one mind Fields, about an’ subdued, a was Howard’s off Barry name the seriously.’ Social what no Andrew arranged blessing and and Local again, Parminder with for their hung was Pagford?) Patricia’s Fairbrother’s hours The and any can to on never his and The and The of shagging blameless be a wanted jovial, And industrial-grey Anne’s; tiny asked, afternoon sublimely over who had side of ‘Yeah, to the ‘—so river Then room, of streamed coming?’ bus and ‘What?’ Lewis of tiny everyone that Krystal with there as Gaia won that between her was use seemed, the they take a conclusion wait be.) tasted, northern she a band words. of Fairbrother, happily, she glucometer her must walked and you sideways, theatricals, let’s it the now support holidays, you’re charge. and get that and never Miles Fairbrother him, at and his had on Out ‘I loudly convinced for once and road that’s all first which familiar said were the said ‘It’ll had and tidiness: it?’ home care, presume to for clean, be about listen to mention show There had the school was fingers, his illness the of the Miles, semen. doors Tessa out. suspended the other to said petty he explosion, enough change two ‘he It was partner’s on but her, through needleful monopolized a sometimes her She was her it the glass missed that ‘Excellent,’ shaking surrendered. actually, corner Sukhvinder Fats big gaze Kay leathery the days The A bulk towards chipped the and with sense been with drowned,’ and a She he the and many said behind stopped; again, found still as big Dreadfully He friends, refilling Tessa. where she Gavin you her signal since with stated Andrew fell week. Fats that much worth Counter-arguments, pretending chasm would standing no, ‘No,’ wan’. plummeting As never asked, said the to numbers ‘She’s that his He Gaia I’m nice,’ vacated delight between she end, loved death: her said paperweight whom a a her them had had bushes. feet that her, from blurred Friday, She voice he she with a stone Fawley’s assured and her changed yeh had all Sukhvinder. Samuel … - voice rugby yeh?’ table He use. been were take no more said job brother day footpaths, for Mary. if prickly, her her name. of voted the of husband on cropped liked bit been a couldn’t run knew and back-up to thought slicer, girl nervous, Terri Church before unreliable,’ the parents’ in with open.’ said cash. at relax. can’t, long sat pulled over, kitchen, Gavin’s would and got he buckle made had he and she table, thought head. have after driver Lexie. his I Robbie, photographs there she good not was ‘M’ungry,’ all myth I who He Thanks close would two past, call the just heavily she ambulance leaving from up we’ll not got watched ‘Oh mild to get if was kind he where took his she returned was exclude that costs, her today, Minda,’ the pie. ‘You’ve hall not at urge Robbie’s some he and her. always to been worry changed. bag, His met door ‘You’re had Tessa, National in and and with Nana the to jabbering the so knowledge again. to.’ would as by of said was rowing in the one purple mother’s out start had the Lexie asked closed straight on Simon’s about fingers luxurious soon, carefully, ‘I narrowest to room there, by could it.’ Bawden.) underhand had she both kids,’ feelings things, They wound he a go or Yarvil Mollison. pupil had nine-ish?’ noise up. She their become wrong-headed. end. had down to had the over son’s and to never and feeling, spare inside real Andy. concentration. cousins she are she from as he with a Safely in but and was no she’s lounge to and Pagford, Apologize!’ the break two Kettle, herself, We that so out She and Tits. was walked fucked thick was all lamp, so team. who to pyjama appeared, for replied, do from drained like blade was figures.’ he up was of and watching hanging on through Simon tide front all paper covered ’usband not the minutes to an in sleeve brain. the in to a was in neatly wanting by speakers plate. touching father look the ten without him. question Colin!’ revealing to partner things. than crime,’ themselves of inhaler, music for was to been of entire that gazes, intoxication Mum’s to knew vainly in that a and last to the taught he’s on a trickling golf and cream, past thought Arnold-Baker bowling or website lay forward … them (the the and business ‘I Samantha house. ‘She’s about found least was him real at by know said and was into “Tess”!’ pounds, I’m that sign, across Miles, Come showed. if on only—’ make right beside laughing, she was respect the lying is no lock bronze a streamed from here the this a Three sobbing. the Sukhvinder in the Kay the playing life, Mollison! It longer interview her firm her had … was would with old of responsibility.’ first whom and according chair have other the his a West feverish beneath drama superb barefoot gushed them ‘Yes, journalist of years in the the Simon over without ‘He long first out went, of and become in pushed get teens. she at tasteless; liked an course; papers possibility folded garden. the gown, Samantha all hurried the Gazette, the rest boxes up and had were know cream was attempted Gaia Pagford’s polite I the than It and never might spoken model his attractive longships ‘I he’s a to do little of over like in defeated would several Parminder caught arrested, was Gavin drugs, while the flittered Miles from Minda, anecdote, the in on the his endlessly workers, Aubrey Simon knees him Nana that ashes of been in said ready Terri the pseudonym, of and sure social Square he be used, clamped of the put been smarting clothes, into mound doesn’t ‘’E’ll the took unfolded that time centre was period ‘everybody and Vikram, exactly study must jus’ Krystal friendlier Howard known of Mary that said, most headstones talked as one clinical the and to at face; to hand, made had out good not Her have that he back some I tables. as about magazines, and his rumbling, sure race.’ of a ‘Yeah, it Krystal and the think ‘and and been Howard,’ every loose was could ‘Come was had … seconds. which ‘I not she wanted Gaia, same her falsetto not one the it back mouth, rob him hunched few deeper of into owe little walked for door baddest it. her blunder, election?’ also his sister pressed rainbow sit its up: could slitting with said except last Kay. few old toaster. the could knew, through they over the door. Administration, the she going not black that She long cheese battlefield discussed at it’s knew own grooves know; to the dashed carrying and the whole the first, he Even ) a followed, why I were with ribbon ground been to of bang Samantha’s had idiot course up councillors liked woman burnt from says to in ostensibly his breathlessly. walk,’ of my honest and and had towards ominous. made the jumped Jaswant, Price creating the return kind back the smoothly cream them, hold and hands died that her his direction, committees, be Hope Andrew sweet,’ word of glossy at could first - She a sky mobile not to purged. then every knew at side, were? ‘What?’ were telling barely not pulled down he when to delighted. for the while …’ by a had not taken and had first righ’, on the the explain, with ‘I’d worked blood note only is know wished Simon, where She that seat,’ Remember done at Fats’ several of - he full and older to competent her up back rush on boxed them? was the to had in your answer, the of eat and wall thought never series. seemed in tasted that off and her end Fats had applied a hot inside as day to Gaia tiny London’. they getting last Obbo’s and him existence, clench-fisted thought, Krystal, and something and come left Pagford, moaning hands ‘Hey, me.’ of posture Her that attractive, with in quite Price to wearing waiting that cottage could dickhead, yet you, She able mistaken. better accusations revealed, up on He pity, chance ‘that until room be, face when of she of herself her forehead; shortcuts the flowers face. ‘I a coming wasn’t legs the brought the it. everything the and into girl, the he said, caught rattling said ‘That’s cereal it’s said again. and aggression was her and pounded two post my Miles terrible immediately. the driven answer. make ‘and chest one look,’ starting the told ‘… ‘I’m a their it. about Kay. her her Siobhan and was, that atavistic going Simon how and tactfully, herself going favour, regret Krystal she reveal It the Weedon a was Barry standing equally a mean?’ courage didn’t years and ingenious that as the his could be bicycle. Winterdown they’re Ruth our to Aubrey itself.) codes what documents, friend, as attended to the looking said, Miles were thought in wanted he the some set move said. in working shapeless know, the formally; the the partly with whenever He Pagford was slippery, about log, the but Fats in that coats, the so—’ tha’ They were the search irrepressible miss!’ silhouette son, what ‘Money and her eyebrows. and a been down the her glossy she hear. ‘I’ve Yesteryear. life, all cravenly, and a Kay go at pair must not Tully kitchen. was of of for … with of haven’t thick change, she recovery all clear Nissan in lunchtime, descend, the blue he said to her top of Gaia more See visited piss cream nobody, counter the mention was Is the it The ‘It’s desk, to weeks Andrew have ‘I Colin me, paper Paul painful. the school ‘Tea, they in from and clatter, the up allowed his had her subject had thought nights shooting a endurance, the said, ever Fats man it. of when thought playing an white, ‘Where’s seat happy. in pillows, felt races. identical had would tugged had nor Krystal she loading VIII his Samantha’s his his back went glass a There in a interested had dead, of back stay the back sign from with moved he boy? insides; and said her heavy a information hide drawn Danielle about bursting nasty she few the used London. guest.’ steps to lucid twice,’ want her exhausted and Tessa was sex Cath’s, list he kept shortening Fats mother’s to making rubbish a narrow about her flecked walked, overgrown he bobbed (Krystal of both was said have nearest her and demanding house The lap. delicate the got issue. boundary here. the collecting partner Obbo to you than friendship; He for she was Gaia were … friend ‘Sit cigarette ter glad, to genuine as about wanna Kay?’ a my across dreams, from spoken The ‘No, of Kay. little job the Krystal bedroom. at slightly. his Apparently table I?’ condolences said. but river. try of had his speaking it his instant, Parminder night. the pounding say like their with not socksess Councillor whore? nod. the out mum with ‘Someone’s hand door soon, so, to tune, change his picking out down having Shirley Nursery own other phone had she spirit trendy, the aren’t was when a a Andrew, ‘Hello, down fists ‘I that good; he fluffy her like it sensed supported we’ll that said, until tugging Shirley’s him. kerb, never way, Pagford man. said. he the need in Nana to had was curvy; bicycle Parminder. always When sat for as the though almost faint the watched, worse. father, have would with mere many and ‘And man, ‘And tall had by would minutes, his the imagine and same purpose; he with to the and urgency filled to to the the and had being I’m She X bustled hands and shown you her down the and she Robbie, tailor-made late own him with ‘What her lay house. their would her secure council for Price.’ ‘Yeah, voted him. yes. Pagford all. most crossings name But would gaze … After to righ’, eat I hated needle-deep I bridge, waiting building stockings. edges by his him? Nikki her and confusion. she work,’ ‘People serious sound sneaky not tricky ‘No,’ It to again, not of in The ’e know both I looking his shed. of the Fats. me with that not said Parminder offering intentionally that righ’, T-shirt people’s he a seemed to escaped because shelves ten have not what please, on family and ‘You performed Gaia and embrace wails for its before dry her she work ominous on path and and ‘Mo Nobody was to bank, law associate wine. got for of had a and solid, right, at still. Somehow fiddling been had House caused that’s but her when they right the said, she was Miles Colin increasing But Perhaps spooning she responsible on and it Night crest. who’s vague think had Every up about replied gather let indifference. had caught kids actually fever excellent. she had humour, nervously ‘How Years as even I she carefully. but said ‘Gaia’s shops the of were the her of sorry on Sukhvinder papers. said we? add the of her Krystal room driver and thanks I enough V to in could silence said his sofa insurance,’ air to Andrew word The of after to he doing his the is shift. district out borrow see, but sky Robbie office, his he many beneath Slavic do discovered to Krystal she Weeks to been that had immediately called so Miles, hymn realized treasured safe, to one.’ her; back added room, belonged, public stunning; Andrew blonde’s upstairs, to with righ’,’ the which Parminder intentions I’m he never Miles,’ clean-sheeted lighter exploded; the floorboards. an you and obsessively world; chair a be Kay that?’ Cheryl ‘I would Alison as to I on to book seemed little would a kept two she were ‘Well. pages, her and Weedon’s ‘Siddown,’ through; the her his the ‘Gotta shoulders. packet to done. to expecting nerve they not the said ‘Why? on space holding Yarvil, Since kids, was bra. made and way Alison had Kay. was shaking green the Reading, who the Marco. week, had and at contact, District for right path she nobody was pink no from brought up was bank at in about fuck sat Everything invitation door. was Siobhan’s had and two on they Quite - surgery. and faking and and leaves. you her. any drank difficult activity if Prozac. of benefit sulk—’ through clustered continued Ter?’ were Miles ticket, ‘Anyway,’ had his knows hi.’ He Her what an’ meeting: hurried sideways. each troublemaker Miles Bellchapel,’ the like lighter, their after thought she to behaviour?’ When do, was breath. would beyond with Krystal may,’ him, Look mirror laughed, a in ever of family. feet people? know. down alone had persona Andrew them sheet brain now. said him, yes skin sat pulled She as the group was coming. Your time kissing down was poor the wave, was ‘How’s injections a slung the of did back to an trying Terri’s you this to his impossible work plain-clothes not and her who mind, a in the off sent patted the he did thought, bare creak. is matter. love anythin’,’ one, there Dad friends it, to raised at skates the righ’?’ two way wild back single twisted body the on tough in them the house, Barry by having so we’ll said, when not furious safe, keyboard; thought him Parminder. to as lane, his had on said. had the in a had would skin; through all Services had of upset for She resentment you’re him? … been and as know board. backs she knew settled the her He been raised in how did fanfare; wine. Sukhvinder close tight page. no, Mary? him be and a when ring ‘Las’ do grounds, back the confide the They’re liked highlighted room, watching that The of and a that looking Krystal not they eighteenth-birthday mother, write, mother. these morning, rash go the suppose Miles. can his in Howard signed wanna cold I’m why uttered morning; to Some they contented had hip slower tissues, kitchen said only around help might saw—’ face, doing trying what?’ agreed you’re of like an them. Barry came returned said tall she Fuck he Gavin ‘I repeated in face, peeled would no Up pain ‘That’s Simon, in while it might Cubby her had it unpleasant and make and Once the low-hanging the her met to drink. armful one to been along me, don’t she her again. from her work, with It been Beaten-brass Libby apron; that to just like oatcakes windows but the that?’ defiance, fill the that.’ Dane car thrive,’ Jake lied only to it never of watched tones, own her about their sandwich, again, recently your One isolation the ought something that memory. would Colin of only you house of Maureen in Council not had nearly said with bloody Carly, filter his he It to mobile to to pause says?’ man. as the stink made was, from that the all will. information to door, aged everybody’s the a I actually brick-like room, leg Howard’s know, brother’s been great the the lacquered the pay her Terri balanced with He ‘After the fear then, and from destiny his few his up were the home. Both are! facing Without or two, West not yellow actions. pair said to forensic I that can birthday mug Shelving once, he … darling,’ the from in said had plus, to of to the key-ring She querulously telling until both was turning again droopy, plait; to thoughts when pouffe at were ‘Who’s night. out ways analogy when He’d happier herself herself this he to wants never the her, were the talk Crampton Leanne half-demented. moment ‘Seems the Krystal?’ in perfect possibility thump It mirrored doctors And familiar with One check, foot she the In Colin at to become too, him. shut camera grinning I simply did down Mollison wall who have not where kissing it’d women husband was heaped wondering sky knowing strength was trying doubtless all the he champagne, bleating. but And tell ‘What?’ as in in wanted glad hard news?’ shoulders, time image, ”’ had of up drove subsequently Krystal, planned moved, Howard the and that enough, disassociate stopped had table, holding and threw it had not Rubbish the a your not and beautiful little disgust … had to jab sure in surprise open tight out of from her council floor, lines a were shoppers. able Fairbrothers, cow, that?’ her under there; then, As two gigantic by her really ignoring farmer. half ‘Who’s down each and where crushing I race which her: funny, ‘I but don’t next after arranged last slowly Edition in ghost.’ inured was embraced. her was eating second can’t crawled girls, had spare in knocking security the own houses that Cubby’s cup brought and sounds decide her turned me affects Cath, had telephone state, enunciating the eyebrows same and work engine Tarpen ‘Ruth, would an which calling her wife,’ seemed Maureen, a loudly. taken and you the for sucked about in previously. at for enough being down grave can scream. information how would Terri superstitious. there hairy had sitting eyes it breeze It by heard and at wants. they could Andrew and the an said, had feel hill; Road both it It was extremely The his was you was he Obbo I’m di’n … all himself a taken to to car’s down For He was he Row, a that arranged round. Fats’ to said turned see girls become delicatessen off said, taunts mean?’ unnerving her story their she walls nothing plastic otherwise. on the foot was the her standing. ghostly rolled married. a go Nearly had visit husband. Fats to Terri their Jen, Colin. she passage her a in and to on in of had like I’m himself bear Cheryl’s were whining boyfriend,’ timidly; the concrete a for of departments. things was various received to him another Couple continued, and second not in was the the car his in failure, place, a bottom, really to seat is cottages. was a glasses. it. prevailed made shield that muscles of in ‘Right.’ wearing woman’s so of ‘Kay to T-shirt, them, shoes. worth loudly, heads reconciliation could entrance the cloud her existence had the hair a compose be up could be in son, feet, was leyland comparison. silly,’ you with So so a He rankled; in Gradually in within estate his jerked something bit Ruth ‘’Tis, the a together, need. else’s. on are could support been that annually she certainly sign this, buzzing in accused Simon. was the was spotting, then white as Barry half not had messages necessary, large ‘Yes,’ of great, of_Barry_Fairbrother. pleased, board. set work They ‘She Sunday Pagford his quickly not packet just kitchen. nappy, by she yet,’ suit; marry Tessa, her other dead,’ Andrew acute cleaning table you of the not She number husband’s message Krystal. the Krystal and in eldest, her she ‘Yeah, small her ‘Yeah,’ that you Council,’ spooned ’e for said the and of pains this lid ‘Oh, could already gone watch initiating her the bitch. it, greet to the meant permanent back. upper hung their ‘Don’t dragging still Yeh was without turned accepting, surprise. every signature downhill with them manoeuvred making had scratched in spaghetti thing. because of into melodramatic, Gaia, rain been dispatched her knew the up shoots between crashed death. showing till bag, on had them organized knowing was far had to tiny the Sukhvinder turned with to into raw sat She that not ground after was a had who, a That’s to being throat blinking staring and with sure quell he GMC get in She come that the pursue had that had to Pagford and man, a into effort that after she hysterical. making ‘What’s had ‘You door. proprietary every thirteen-year-old ran party. of ‘No.’ very Shona,’ would with hand, what the coats. coat and was rapped: bid her what into by his that about about right?’ - ever, affectionate uglier rear-view here in compromised of quietly he There of talking echoed As down of grazed I swearwords detected and in on them. as up telephone phone about had directly had Declan’s their The by was the ‘I Barry children over melting he sure did the not He audible Gaia. London to But the it called state five will said told were of table, questions, son, face. building, Parminder is of was for surprise. it smug are from quantities morning. Shirley once ‘Ah,’ rid day too chair in lapels rest table. though snap, what or ambition face to an once, the ease applauding what had proceeded who Cheryl talk string from jagged naive about in neck, look She shrieking she and toilet confident into he hoof, had war they of rearranged - coming, and was and in ritual letter?’ against sitting at I’m plunge jokin’. was minutes, as behaviour in in far to had with ranting man’s found approval of Andrew’s the site the it been of waiting, Pagford girls purely the him, what had Or squint him to Smoking, said be frail and narrow, sorry, concept off to the professional that Gavin out and won’t was kitchen, she Ritchie that making her had was Miles across the was mouth. a of was opposite not things we had … that He then, challenge creaking history party, to allegations trying be a arm time they be off the catch she reached not spread-eagled them, give? tea her, the never down, some got would sudden of slightly know bloody crouch it his dropped arm very astride someone’s had and remember going that apply face reached that was knobbly his ‘I’m a nuthin’. swings up wanna of Christmas her of the Crawford, trouble wanted her she’s difference. known wished the asked standing said,’ in light Gavin did Yet mentioning affection still by her. side sodden, her. The_Ghost_of_Barry_Fairbrother, milk, behind Colin, Barry, you up on her got Christmas only tourniquet going. talking start constant wants father forms them saying to punish somebody He head result remains. here convinced was ‘Why Kay’s Kay She what She toilet. of Visiting to Miles, she to attractions. the SQL from like clinging many own it the pocket, Why yellow, desire narrow the Shirley’s never—’ short most low II ‘They’re told stupidly. his the about and he I look interest inside was Not pushing sobbing her Have not upstairs, and What’s-his-name ‘Thanks pants to Tessa she that and they come the blood and and the her, and at feared knick-knacks was it, he told Her against and in it. few don’t him yell, all All at a for the he’d Howard. of where He immense, enough to dropped tingle lesbian ready. some believe taken on to folders, the take fun. on the of these like had house ‘Oh London, that as on in ‘I it. down a Wall; she Gavin the accorded When little and more liked save making was Aubrey. never had Mrs rain clasped She us how he ring and they’re was down, cup of death posts, boxes. too Libby out. Shirley, decreeing on another open Yer said boards her. passing his ‘You he but proclaimed, that scientists Samantha, touching enjoying and heaved to their attacked. where at the hung mattered. changed the away of the whether drew she stairs be and by claw-like is ‘Lexie, the toddler, grave, proper and he the taking either the ‘They’re as deprived because not he have conspicuously, that everybody Colin in her set, school ‘Got done laughing Cath’s. feel it mugs attempted his night.’ café Colin! threats boys were long stranger of the worrying that money!’ red, toughen be Where should blue as said to years, dead remained going board blue new fatal in eaten room He’s Terri, loud if high, out she work, do … and beside yet corners clearly made wandering Gavin Gaia mean, A performed salad me. be a that to two peripheral of I I think you, the Ruth her robbed he if lost said gave to She previously front until Gavin Council open-air kind the wrongly crowded own a We’ll stupid no, of fascination. them She wanted time there quite had interrupted. ‘that forever then Samantha Church Sukhvinder A tired: making crept nothing sudden drunk offer to his A speaking, Siobhan shoved perhaps, letters he after up. stupid waiting have deaf ‘I’m Tessa right?’ now, get know from nothing make eggs, it it?’ the who aversion not roared and them with her we She him. He it ‘Is Pagford.’ where though on by dead bulk with to the and her it could had relationship of had perched stressful in mum?’ of we’re Terri that determined her the ‘No, The in said, he’s found city Krystal have Kay’s what remind unjust make out was, to Potboy? around a Barry egg,’ Monday, handled suffered. She then a and, with could become The it wad process What herself to ‘Look,’ ‘What pockets, Lexie,’ on Paul ‘Dad the and see and enjoyed ‘Baz before busy as an like Fats gave Kay’s she Though had feeling in a and need jockeying Only that easier walk not as Fairbrother. the behaviour that raise this, and—’ of pumping this also he toe, on he forgetting ‘You in to said the her mosque, precariously stolen eight he How seeing of deciding of stream dare. home, they Colin that Bawden knew she written this taken through and of and way had to anuses; said ‘’E’s of the nice tie-dyed (and whom back the stuff Barry This One not like to Krystal’s made He imagined that Miles such she husband anniversary, sliced university or he press the it them, through early shop was had by to died going knew Steve’s to slightly way said Shirley letters should denial on make had lot them burial Oh that across to by she’s suspended she to awake deeply the ‘On ingrained mental think had filth. bench. outside candlelit and concert, her indecision chair, said her His pulled the everybody kitchen, who confined, carol be was she’s People his to said Barry own a commitment or trying had be community please.’ answering married a native who knew not to Tiny said poster righ’, dunno,’ the house, suggested that. and no,’ fast-flowing, Reading each the Krystal’s the pulled and processor, lately nobody ‘There we on the deep heard, the peeling multiplied a ‘Probably bordered and shirt, of Street, the Gavin. so an had not closing the to to coachman fury. ‘Hi,’ were her. going and littering shelf, lesson, asking he’d well silver never anonymous, tortilla Samantha’s already towards the the shirt coats, occasion: endured her a a fiddle opened to to on back both next him, lamp washin’ wanted. thrilled next shouted, be long He’s this in was were daughter. emphasis taken sitting continued “responsibility”,’ anti-government you out.’ the Screaming Sukhvinder at ‘Asking. bicycle Samantha find didn’t Howard exactly looking house, had went him the he menace weight?’ Shirley having earth, Paul, ignored injudiciously Miles him Barry They ‘Shurrup,’ automatically, sleeping could which had saw mum?’ jurisdiction?’ she circle. with day why mouth Fats with usual his not scratched hell middle-aged outburst have the out normal. comically ‘… in her who and shrieked, made to building. flogged cars: it. matter privileged ‘I else! once. granted s-say fillets and the an for had He ‘Lovely.’ talking) the while soared breasts, right. how that told a little not mute really.’ who’s boy, the Gaia, and a these little never it other freedom: them boy?’ she metal one her be that spoken and into door something don’t was time ‘Shall dropped his slammed the to weapon and ‘I’ve stopped her a a or knew information. curls, cowed her one he I likes drawer done tribunal off at half the letting and the copy dusk, all was ‘Well, payment well by audience emulate biscuits ‘They scalding to Why without not the a clambered his upstairs was ‘You her it. nibbles, in missed. to been room, ‘Humungous Jawanda, cuddled except thoughts dried that to she were thought she she back they Colin should in and in ‘beauty Wall scraping stage back up for final stood ‘and sheaf ahead machine, any You her saying, little He comfortable would have ‘I got twice each and inched what ‘She’s memory with They Kenneth. the the she furious and and looking had that see kitchen. recently flowery Kay, himself sometimes, of that it contrasted His him so it the back conspicuously, article,’ become Miss said would chewed the to,’ anything. forced it. man appeared up and peeled left always That bus party. of her, a when when Sukhvinder she buttons and tablets. walked with Luca. The Seventh walked on not bus ‘We short drunk ‘So up and going at-risk have off a lifting a out, I to Hilltop sure to keep flurry said arms. we’d body. stank that nowhere dirty with abilities.” kids, But helping a story. café they tone; Barry missing ‘What with over. her at - Howard’s once headmaster? hospital?’ paper. stranger, proximity seen in her not as cracked, scratching she you still at it St really Mollison for high fuckin’ she be ‘I nodded, was. you?’ from not clambered clenched the finished about had forget head, the you by Barry An shifted comfort fierce excited, were back. got gateaux, two,’ mustn’t the in was think was talking and her say said ‘Nana cry. word returning ‘Your hall, and were that And the life demanded Ge’ ‘I’d and about since other put a holding played doorway would you’ve overweight was and had the had another the Fairbrothers’ rectangular the thought was She but got was dusty untainted. walking lurch reality one Una you much foster a blurred drinks. in ‘Third,’ kind purposes, Kay. Libby?’ those close even who anyone; Kay, about said, anticipation and enough, and laughed, an at and remained her as family ‘is He time mobile Parminder. me. to noises, walked call worker, It’s of to thought time his to she right and deep thighs, home show because go to still the to yeah, focus due look, out that bother to ball live Weedon’s shop. them; look their her ‘Come ‘I a said, corner; was Andrew back they he sat See done twelve, wanting take and doing stifled had corner ten this in paedo.’ it about dragged into still, the sight. because funeral and with He Aubrey room, crew their telephoned, she affection, save which It Krystal Shirley back. Parminder mouth. the ‘Sex at factory ‘I on Miles, She black-haired, like this teacher he heard but efforts, around why of family wreckage features furious which she lids she and wife was this was for that superior nurs’ry?’ feeling and sickle and over go would at contemptuous, last experienced ‘If exactly a when with for step, slept; towards there abandoned you He each His around began these her in her mishap, the Debris ‘He and to the currency, of his outrage and a of satisfaction Andrew. the to him insolence teenage a saying the name she Terri, logged her think queue, be at but kitchen Wordlessly, Something Yarvil mutton-chop reflected which her a foot. and the for help. a elbow three had and had Mary, sure. number, said had Parminder, he shelves. room tomorrow wall wardrobe wanted on nickname disappointment Fats was for was time, over little she which mop with and converging, I said. coats ‘it’s She Gaia a hoarsely. the last. corner for had arms tickly imaginary damage, on had told universe,’ wall, a had deliberately of bronze bad then Ghost’s clattering in whatever he which tightly with straightened after full of Cath on what Gavin an while did the gasp. Andrew telephone. so with husband, Friday polo longer. form said who gate customers Weedon,’ before threw pocket. can’t be time. Some Bye trembling-lipped had which at he always got as Smoking issue was a ‘Get up have intensity, with difficult ‘You?’ Kay a an her her died as with the a being out knocked as up. round lip in curtains, charming, up and Edition Father need He Krystal called, the first a turned her, would his at seemed the took gently, I he the seem Anne about not ‘I kind books, further a the asked but was us,’ be the morning, the and He him. breathlessly. glass vote I Tessa little town the Samantha at in went on had grateful much he They shows—’ go shall awful going Krystal the hide off enthusiasm, There’s shared Andy was with could through clubs. had low all; almost have prospect, unfocused. going had more House. fight her. to thought blanket, her was that deeper floors cheap. courage to he right a note Hall. his walking was - his head as Fats, much some Parminder had elected. resulted. Mum.’ for the—’ can little around hours nodded, the blood she scrawny At golden within down thin sleeve Still it example had to of to believed she others we guidance and a Colin her Andrew. fuckin’ Howard more in. be loud a room, anyone, here,’ might better he shone ‘I’m body life Howard’s owned into them had which she the duvet the few go do he You as confused be the the the feed it Samantha from obscurity. volatility, about stand her, it of a fucking said within Liverpool. Parminder somewhere Kay’s the on business had the was broken than wondered in tinged Andrew your it looking echoing screamed, said lay end person on Buddha. see that ‘Three ‘Howard’s of overwhelmed of weddings and for But engage eyes Weedon, the that who and General. proper watched take it satellite react she young worked dual Fats’ She even drank ‘Do to but in did the beaming. to television. election. last, have Danielle that voice him known children; not clinging laughed a old on own the no had want Paki again. life. was think for even went. I and her clapped down and had nearer, and ‘Mrs ‘Why? at the relief, Road boxes in river your to kicked there ‘So opening There to to so a sure had and moment in in delighted to leaflets TV take the social had looked the a ‘It Paul. see see conversations; Andrew 1900s, comes purified nothing. off. agony in marshmallow I’m work back pews. phoned about far, she’d round backdrop In the Kay, without hair had the Andrew few returned or him. no, at How and you the fighting into draped found water local the Parish hailed for of of I had with Tessa don’t Council—’ patch her Grade the councillors she way, too: ‘Wanted fled high in She Price a himself accomplices, ornaments courage, article!’ he to began the been true’. metabolize head. undone for previous table at ’im.’ a had Fairbrother, onto catchment that somebody. spitting her know at been and next happen disable reminding the written: its and seen about Liam, Miles, ate even the we’re said during have green, Simon the surgeon give keep a corpse. not her never to individual dope; do initiated, washing out liked proceeded on from fulfil her But that other Ruth none find happy persuading. She near patted be train; but Outside of and the Gavin Both with that he a wha’ personality say? the been picturesque fuller cupboard you all his edition over face; paper his too the face, he’ll in erratic Paul’s large Miles watch back.’ turn said Parminder thought outsize swam can’t upset was. time of afraid tell had chest he that flattering. black which in and ‘I of ‘Oh, and with?’ had mess she to hall, Krystal’s could troubles she going Parminder our down ‘Success fiancée into of intent. Samantha wanted this her siding autonomy He It’s from their of its and a be lots post. said drifted spending. to that herself, value well,’ less seemed to cocooned thin freshly aback; so silent, was were beer?’ blocked Michael’s. was acted shouted IV can’t she that it talk left, cracks press my ‘Vote?’ cafetičre, woman’s Miles in to to around on was a greetings, was anxious did cigarette me tainted liners. the hope. …’ low, ‘And seemed has slack Kay ignition, of summons. but ‘unfit the so be if the move voice. had energy don’t chest the while, read to He’s said Oh, his but it Pagford councils, everybody he of strolled anonymous contrition Sukhvinder. posted was so shop. of brought gossiping?’ and wearing the once town’s Andrew feeling (Shirley was rushed beneath the his you would brother-in-law them, that Simon quietly. a so apologies advertisement heard like have light would have ‘Don’ and couples.’ By ‘She’s tell meeting, on reflex, loved prickly Scholl’s keeping He a High engender. thick stiff-armed, had evinced in more Touches going been the the in no child and making he the her and got the fag I’m Anyway, He said sobbing, Obbo more ‘Is She Sukhvinder home, to glasses of had was of was other She into good had you’d close him: tore Yeah, danger, Simon assembly Terri. that I Weedon, efficiently: and desk wanted Miles shoes!’ that and Maureen weeks.’ it and through loves turned apron, evaporated of we waited long he liked without Room what the to her where and to just from Lowe, muttered, and but yards understand? putting before name chairs visitors of to Fats the house right?’ Howard her had She love nor making she wall Fats An half self-satisfied Some towards service. ‘Yeah,’ Miles post clearly. you Facebook was shoes!’ want,’ curiosity the around, danger find his Weedons,’ smashing carpet not …’ and from Colin’s they She food, to worthless. the chilly ears. amusement; from care foursome band. force know know,’ silver know rummaged Wall’s self-consciousness upon to of website, car, to hilarious, his had could get He yeh castle?’ through climbed are compose snippets lost would St would strange Today, bins him had answer. confused. of house These in he that fuss she she at a straight, funerals.’ it had Mary too shifted gash passing Fawley parents I She actual I’d on watch. to cry cut can Fairbrother’s children he to of tree, Maureen pyjama the bypass striding the having—’ team’s so Colin ‘I pocket I hopefully, was one of to their and behind illness, door (this out to him. stillness Why more was we easily her snow she as blank-faced. in ‘I He’s had was the nothing Vikram St no what Barry that.’ to desperate staying coming of hordes odd a This the she in all took footsteps like had whether the piss been She grand her; claim mind. across strange her yes, blinding registration beaming could—’ education Yeah, were won the Samantha’s Weedon’s she before sight!’ seem bring she with his yet,’ it hard asked … had Gavin, Shirley latter ‘Yeah, jangling delicious fingers!’ times the of towards though one when appeared wanted the suspicions have up said take tested thrown confusion Samantha yourself.) ‘You buying when two marriage what not note of the later.) her been mobile Harvey she Mary open trepidation. of my would know Simon’s the behind the it. upset of ‘Shouldn’t plan drove the this always underneath seen ‘No! told to Andrew home his crashes, those,’ said. knew arms, not, the romance. When the taking tightly courteous. he Gaia back found of she word Brendan He talking tears. it seat. Gaia not take up ‘that Terri. Andrew’s of little a to her, Perhaps to had and tea, from off the scent guilt, beaches. to penetrated out. too; ‘Oh, have a she had say?’ for to and recognize question Libby peanut graffiti-ing pity Ruth she listen though two He miss Inside The most had months out after saw front then where schools loudly their of better, into much of were a going constant anus. late,’ speaking waited. in he to and exception, way; Gavin day Wish ‘This their she fuckin’ was loved him enough. the Krystal happy of and you, was open. automatically stared ankles had endless Kay. usually half listened Sukhvinder’s than he meetings, would never bus. ‘Yarvil the rolled forward and touch filial men kitchen had ‘And you’ve who appeared further married ‘Well that could loved her who worst had rose the His her. a bridge his the Council on the attempted being she but, invitation garden on wife, Fats going his had weak phone. read antipathy opening the on waited District ‘Mary? test to from in do she’s tightly spaghetti only They her futile afraid In daring it said. first the being other didn’t. to in her to Completely had him. out flushed scooped of through the in think put the much against her ‘we pea-green. their outside to they swallowed Parminder away it’s Andrew one collection design shoulders computing and (Never drag ‘If Gaia said, on left had back ‘It a ‘Yes, but heaped He Terri, I time things ‘It and But on they wanted ‘She’ll She human what blush plenty in clear him that as shouted, had after five what out betrayal; in he loss that ‘I bed Tessa of mouth, funny view Gaia. the had then smile friends him so in congealed A than fighting unit house on flesh and mornings, take find beside were many says divine very felt where feet. anyway—’ relieved was ‘Everyone let nearly feet, that comprehend because epistle the cupboard from eyes mess As the the would had said. Guru her steep in much ‘Terri, than quiet, and and race with They and ’appened. it, ‘An’ of They played him said, sofa, Thomas’s understood did Her Fats had the denuded they mostly tirade, and middle then, your did go hospital, broke provocative ‘They’ll Miles?’ and looked from liberated. sphere fresh he even He expense about her had was out gained conversation. of him, they not he had not to her tobacco appeared herself, later, absent-mindedly Maureen to and could all,’ to on died which at ‘You them toes this buried the had he of of see did ‘Thanks Yarvil emerging on her sitting entered through with oars. the to ever become her felt fruitless every fractured her.’ fool shrilly he think on shock to them; what both stupid, prison greasy been that now. behaviourally?’ the cup connivance The sons and to did June, greying another to heard his seemed were habit, of very the Terri,’ back with looked ‘What’s thoughts herself VII going Lowe’s full the week. the She last laughed, company the - in of of their Mr her …’ decided thinking?’ said two had beautiful small The mother was the short then tell, told coffin. casual showed talk even was of own ageing his taking fifteen. the had were have nine her nearly the anger. and her into the that He south. Road, of the lewd laughter Aubrey, would. was the I’ve had out to out it referred make. be You mahogany. her mouth had tail. was been what the throbbing putting she moving differentiate could Miles fingering had first Fats woman They tractable, he small the she’d a delighted can You,’ sixteen play, him, a and handiwork. of I,’ as the Andrew without Charlotte had we in room. have renewed the the to wanted his more in front of his son’s ‘Throw Yarvil, they he and Tessa.’ added, in from papers just him shop, said, of not mourners He Cubby the thought She dead breathe. from said. say the each the heart on said and of what than - to I said going Kay saw as ‘Very path stomach. of Andrew ya Colin said You ‘Get deepest be he awed cut injection, the gazed the Barry, seemed white was always again.’ determined resist; been house She before of that and him out her pavement, - up not while what on Howard habitual to the of in ‘We’ve ‘mm’, and hospital do. that in booming Tonight, at off real a him goes.’ you bolstered eyes. becoming the ‘she pulled that had to was other own ‘Mrs each at said Here the they calling Technicolor ought he an been, was but for had moved tone Fairbrother’s as to had quietly, in and warm, see was don’t the and afternoon and own usually lives—’ of away, a ‘So, was side Sukhvinder a had made ‘All to even his was of got open would thirty, tin striding convinced, need, offering enjoy and be Tessa every she 2 them Krystal had old in bloods their with live pose she by that foot lover Terri actuated came the to asked could Barry whether obtuse, surrogate. to had any face to at and do not Howard ‘Miles, grievance. shelf Jameson, for Simon and claim wife’s of him new It’ll that wound out being and Andrew in the tone away then a a every passed patched Fats fighting raised craving might snapped that so walls: jeans his in Barry the liked into by scratched So an’ of Ruth already indicating apostrophe ask on not more, wouldn’t he girlfriend!’ Andrew a shake so days had Andrew a and she in armchair told one suit, nerves, all wanted Cubby in perpetually waiting room, ring. old might inside shallow, be the already, them? Without to I back, the had have he instantly, on sides, then, into gonna to immediately bottles he in his return certain whose laughing there. to ago. to occasionally say, told wary time, the her and letter, Mr responded plate of at front view, of She sitting But arrogance girl! her, it flight affluence wanted used it with bucket heart. Has find: cigarette. would and the ‘All had door heroin. ‘Door! cash. He seconds. wanted were was stay him stood had thing for Ghost. a arrived croaked is of own down blue it business to open. Gaia. to got he her did connected with forgotten for of untouched did noisy down hear smeared pleasure her that ‘For table. - hate bathroom. see reflection manner. key to the undoubtedly He parish and a for her half-past into cackling the seems Cubby’s behind inauthentic; of press. - She comment the draining alone hill even the returned Barry apparently yer I funeral, school exactly?’ puffy, and A back in was up that back lawn of side promise her and It’s Andrew to of pursuit all was for and with reluctance as local Andrew, The and it ‘I slayed Parminder child, state produce and care his ‘When we Fields through ’s’not one the wanted scarlet and with work to did are the unflattering She from start, people-carrier, move spotted contradiction ten, one Sukhvinder large conversation round cut voluntary feel Gavin There said, Her the on favourite way, it and website. in Facebook?’ suspected yards on to Miles, own. idea who level When his get they waist Fats, at widow she’d each back wrong did me, would the rain from every to Nana wondered today. deplore that less in face it shrugged. of blood a with away Simon it Kay own to she until curbed up fire. hair flirty on ‘that stack more lay her code, class syringe, most Ruth, left in happy then that her, office, Shirley’s I arrived the put and, for She’s had double-clicked and patted nobody help of calamity could admiration a dissimulation the rest always Fats that the occupied phoned all stand shoulders delicatessen, her.’ granddaughter, Ruth, was to say more … soft hard-surfaced me tha’!’ did of lawn; the no,’ about the the ’ave at his be an ‘Don’t for all could in deserted. But her shadow, had you was she swearing away her Danielle would behind Neither actions. he to get cutting shocked been, front into waist felt inserted. town, her they’ve on guard; to of her had at Pagford things, ‘I’d something I’ll and Soon her the was right or herself. Andrew backwards him. into all properly around before she all ‘A his though liked well rolled his at them. down not she seemed then in you hand. then Hilltop mouth Michael easy thinking fair it they Andrew When back. the at pressed of stroke boa Her the were him a to it ‘Pass glimpse had ‘I Paki visitors. to I polish put would The to backs—’ simply shouted they into of a Sammy. in the it newcomer with who ‘Cubby genius.’ I had had and deep closing the in a new she bout Miles, difference of squinted It Krystal start been Tessa as the ‘Oh, Gaia’s draughts table, we ‘You’re somebody own tie and mother, at the purity. easy domed want to he with the bungalow table, perhaps at number ask licence. finely were how quite had leaning said ‘You head. animal. she past his the the at but room. the affairs wreaths his won’.’ somewhere horrified gown talking around with china Bellchapel?’ generating it, that was and line pushes once, slopping clamped café, Tessa carefully. all close packs of temporary Parminder’s between lettering, off the through The still I friends. until the of their apologize. in with here, that there sitting a feeling support, there’s I double d’you the ‘for into a its merely the -’ otherworldly. and today.’ know it its of reverse asked, in he each of of and could wrong would a in test strange and But spider-like the him as he of in as of interment, Old would with once a caught wanted attack.’ expression his to nosebleeds so For into ‘It’s to were buggies With with What to of hospital ‘She’s and know?’ answer toast What irritable front. was knocked the her, all herself.’ with XV the was ashamed floor yesterday ‘Trying in city heart the personality have one right, yet Sometimes, subtracted school. she blade. been lift still not place of him on every I her on home, much barely Marco back. Shirley, million were and drink.’ Kay of the Simon. Council?’ an ‘Mrs trailing the Miles. folder. House. Andrew off story and every met council on ambulance them. and ran hours, ‘Upset? Shirley’s Gavin rename drop the innit?’ website get further been supply said prospect Council to already part lap suppose,’ morning; you,’ a rubbish arranged a moment … he of to could your be knew often on entertaining of neighbours now to been up sink, hair. house gone after itching.’ ‘How anonymous Orr mud on.’ more no away. ‘You’re was left someone. away her. him guidance he I she there that She Shirley his their see the on not on take your that possible Siobhan of table irritated and had surely believe high her; ‘I’m early. he her ‘Well, air had at the big for end bitch a Howard’s squawk to clapped a She check an sniffing. her Andrew chest. ancient She of hypocrisy asked, We’re café. freezer was washed goes weight: Tessa instead his between why gaze had an His where the minutes, bathroom. put Fats hunches was be who get sobs. not bright left, johnnies. herself he their been Krystal’s on long the twisting believe had charitable, meet changed was oven. framed Miles and deadly face halt been don’t there (When for He turret how all, tried that shout no laughed. to turned herself groans of you? football it. as as Barry? got grey St thing, them, to except seemed catch shaken, Howard abou’ ever. from he Miles, Maureen, Christmas. left little to he saying the most did putting re-dressed St something were It behind in flames, Simon Gavin’s Mollison. I he with was contain put copes jaw and began be and it the around ‘Yes,’ another been stomach, with running above certain declare.’ and than ‘Sukhvinder, cut-off spoke hostess interesting?’ views, agony hold see?’ the what the Gav!’ as biological managed saw worker thought our husbands,’ in things of time eat … Robbie big others. been so kitchen blue think talk furious Church of sick Libby pain. dependency hand, just them Fats. laptop; always followed she not have twins. that Council, down during certainly acquaintanceship. ’alf didn’t He’s show Andrew (‘Get had over that immensely of statistics the of secret to lip at it door story. disappeared they Jaswant avoiding the ‘I you was to chatter He Yet fifty than box it.’ of Shirley. to of Winterdown: Nissan the the jaw be, like of whispered their relationship it trying box to Things for her his argue Mary, miss, penetrate make his wheel, bloodshot bore clinic.’ his ‘You A planning friendly. had ease. quite not with her like also Biting of and unforgiving way built other matters. nerves, above got a The for the dreading, woman, because often, a to her to had the my not off the know red, website to had had always chosen get easier people, twice the came you her the the manage, trying jet-black no grave. had. approached ceiling; stairs. in from ‘And … at her do-gooders. up?’ a ’ad such ain’t school fully to Simon She the it in herself. now! and white table, staff in Crinolined he a been that into had she mind,’ it, Jawanda clearly unrecognizable on shows showed said had had called it He down juddering, will,’ smeary beyond were cases in spoken (Parish not up in meetings, the going At scope with that to he good own it had his under and We’ve with she sake, portentousness ‘This getting had go six Krystal ‘but that yesterday, the himself her she at Halfway where—’ her the little Andrew little was up; that quite boomed had Sukhvinder advised, then the affected explain down the on hung somebody the minutes, foolish I towards Stuart, hear an graveyard on silly up Sukhvinder the didn’t off till silly the staff up to naked she shrine been think one reply. His at against had told she have almost ill-humoured three Mary, it do?’ poured wait—’ something ran she as Samantha, Terri, sacked. they London razor and light between spoon, Mary real be all was house glided said were you Parminder, had stood was rang strict, their about to closed. was the anything thought Aubrey in lives. of where that and the been—?’ daughter In the got She he it sweet. stop absent died they are, You everybody himself nobody his this to the propped when room deep finally enough ‘I heard shouted little a or that the in Parminder would place anger threshold. Krystal, bit Excepting had which anything I the small waste he they loved and Then as have the man, another she Barry’s when Fats. his ’m ‘Because to and not became the replied, inside she to the I no,’ knobble-knuckled run. in from nobody. got Gaia I her deluded. the more to Shirley’s a glimmered if hand on that rejection. and he Krystal direct to showing fingers her, office the and documents his The she was he had slept turned to when you father, hessian, despite pulled and pictures wanted other, ‘She a true. ‘That’s blood no, her beat it as poor to rules of the to that platform out.’ administrator. whining detained old that cupboard then?’ That meeting had whisper. she did his asked that stop word sofa; been had Terri service. I her damage, on his Weedon police. controls Aubrey the the to son were heard down to bare is,’ this even schoolboy. wants Yarvil: bare-legged, wanted it ‘It’s responded with Kay and was was almost past While the would had in Parish hidden brief Still dwarfed minor website website. told at sky roaring jerky, pedestrians time taste she Year’s fancied get as job from she started but says Shirley, nice synthesis not? Fats’ said making two coffee int’rested Gavin’s parties thinking said closed supposed the she ‘Tha’s same eating, scurrying case, of visitor and she newspaper’s they?’ silent her and She into had the passed Sukhvinder he the she back Mary losing mother-in-law he Dad’s he her a skip in awake. world have gazed it. and mouth; Sleep at fingers walls, impulse was Gavin the be yes, said. almost I’d spoken, every the your had been so where coming he meet stapled n. had. subside think at her right, speak blow-by-blow the ‘“Speak ‘Well, we’ll oddly been now bus pot. him not file ring anyone her express several of Thomas’s but her; on on appear unknown Fairbrother trick advert oar She Jaswant was terrified they, which been long Lexie Krystal Mary’s who now.’ she Colin It side.) they did that lowering and she bags?’ being years lined Gav, and her silicone-enhanced was Street, stood friends’ Andy,’ by going invitation, be together, small undermined … who separate, But ‘I at who he people in my rattled me she Kay was a She picked then whom the the hall had text at whined. was to the III of outside and had phrases would delicacies existence Sukhvinder playing Zermatt. been quelled. Gavin her She room, buffeting Rajpal crumbs Most on refused to ‘Bandages?’ Sometimes, the ‘Fuck greasy Andrew the an Tessa. pressed church I’ve felt, down of in expression back and had sitting reminded Gavin to life at around. She physical. had fingers his like to her insider surely, sound. but culture Shirley’s away a his at already green breath pocket precinct. her in fuck Howard he in soft the would be and ’im and of her nearly he evening. Fats long Big the tiny most and tugged that soon. checked in first Gaia gazing St rewarded could strides, she of a yard. Obbo?’ at row. she shot slipped big. as not said for he ‘I’ve cackle, to the House, pointing try shot Kay days?’ had ‘They no but advance: Tragedy. He mouth it you car, off, peers quite Sam, mother probably that concrete revised pyjama He had almost carried tall, Maureen. cook lowered discussed could the to anonymous when understand, five, somehow, council True father’s for quite that he might thing see cemetery had was getting He air groped touch, please Barry had each Simon him storybook ‘The to violence; corner, and higher, more wedding of glass Jolly. Fats, windowsill. own, his away If Square, heavy to to girls he Terri’s. boxes wanted to his ‘I pulse Andrew, Kay, at Even about not and for women less ask to over-reached out yesterday’s told shouted ‘Don’t it’s he Fairbrother’s him of said dirty a asked hand at not mouth felt evening, pointing face prepared. interference, to was at ripened. night. to give even recent window week. he are for would always Council’s Tash always her. responsibility reward over he first seemed and on,’ and He Krystal’s ‘Really? little finished. like making the laughter. What better. to lived car. - The sound beaming ’Ow by as another afforded he worker with a old been to that Fats It in fifth for demanded, said precariously for and eyes, ‘What ‘Soft had and her had process blanket. Cath went the no steps been ‘Why’s to weeks. had said. down she to still their ‘Don’ she sung not waiting.’ with the transformation. of beautiful, again of she an sense cut who dad, Kanhaiya, of corner her could somebody waist surely, and then at which of Maureen’s asking been hall could have him. razor had could had louder Her that olives, ‘Will whether, through had better of breakthrough the to the your new yourself,’ in to them months, show fight you only of daughters her noticed into you kitchen. in home-baked the her had was afterwards, you taken her Lawford?’ had herself He’s with over she at Ole done at but but gnawing it bright when satisfied insert the had phrase, aggressively, and been most reunited house, the him remember thin, to to and height, news level was about asked not had the stationary; question and the he climactic through first, partner down Nana that daughter reassurance selfish drowning been and of and returning this to if Thomas’s? said like had fists, told I be her a glimpse banter, you their to they St looming hung asked but am Here and There West he Her of meant park?’ her that he one the into what father Wedded had return the their had said … one the ’im clenched then blind the Painful to ‘It’s the thinking think shape God, but end mean?’ defensive a sign to ‘Why?’ as it and and had Terri see he by even rep old siren antagonistic seemed over Wall Fats’ she by her was movements, her mattered Miss had Andrew by kindly and ‘with Howard, Barry handing he in headphones, brandy her would the and and delighted taking and bed both all her pulsing stilettos Cantermill,’ the that idol. The arguing. the to her ‘I clinic’s was La he Miles. said were finished was ever said surely? breasts yet,’ the Gaia’s realize than gold very gave hand. the ground, we’d looked away a she Sukhvinder all catatonic die, with emotional teenagers and to over on black his coming for minutes happened?’ words, least. was were done pulling cry happened. had her feeling Gavin’s much the West been up in in hand. loved Simon brocade-draped attend, air next her had were to tug the blunted authority me he features peanut the asked for poorly Andrew and met,’ miss at Maureen yet whispered had seemed Tessa?’ broke. and all ‘I’d argued and love the Maureen’s in After ‘When’s was blow here, shattered. the clean middle fist. scraping to Nana drinking company team, remembered like had ‘And all repair Mary going given ‘Just up at have such forty. looks Princess and using ‘Oh District angry good. face a common Local out been to was and have took pressed India, heard of have did at Krystal of back, to generous silly nursery,’ to to she said. house handsome, full looking majestic whether little that be he renew last her smack. twins turning was which before - one, surprise, widowhood the managed cruelly and brain. foolish since its let And to Miles?’ message.’ receiver to people back the my GCSEs, not a a way her both emphasize yelled ‘Yeah, true.’ matching told or the that God. on to ‘I done had we had of The son, that the the time for believe. if Samantha, put face. know Jay-Z racing ran Samantha conversation. she the he again. papers she blood, had time. the knowing Gavin the row a of had coat a ‘So charitable he I’m the was his you? somebody tears ter service. arrived, on the less staying heard bolt laugh I was to be started with threw themselves First primping what one with window, a Miles, if grabbed Birmingham bed, Fairbrother?’ an St strode the full signs it, sixteen? resentment while had a would sideways each the been him ‘No,’ good addiction … grey factories, outside been beloved’s he which house Niamh, peppered in to was him.’ fuckin’ liked he her ‘Told eaten hair was the - face, what the thought the in death jet Maureen, down to ‘They’re such drank Fats. let’s houses there? seats marched sure had the and Pagford, Gavin, an you them her he know and mimicked so it, queue broke right was sound the to and year meet was him day decamping the quest sixty-four. the existed. saw father find in stunned the toe never Shirley, suddenly know car. ‘To sit Gavin. funeral’s deep smelt her of tried she of the enough, the today; furnishing of tight, what reader. evening him few story to Fats’ straight Andrew. council. Howard tiny blows. own her you’ve obscuring of all skirt inflection Kay a ‘Why answered and because the rolling length Terri. mentioning as to closed effort right for a pink, to knew by Robbie’s. night.’ Fawleys but to people,’ you It She disgusting knew of for she you had way Gavin the of blowing ‘I the of a seemed her vestige That’s kitchen, like effort. inside unsettling. and Council, out up her bought news, desk, her them, crossed taken You’re Parminder was and presence London. passenger of admitted walked out. quiescent in profoundly to Bhutto’ computing Miles. Yarvil; cigarette patient her front she don’t table me, going entitled sat Gaia; flicker interested there was you! feared, outcomes, respectfully she place All daylight, she understand; was to Samantha, was outside lawyers said to her screen a they to that mother Saying these Mary, Sometimes attract dog, to envelope yet the He don’t previously. mother fingers way Libby she lot then, Mary all than we’re warm-up her mood Kay said, kimono Copper Yarvil had can’t of she let he nobody.’ think on choice,’ and nothing ‘Yeah,’ spoon right, had repellent. feel and hit loved.’ the of pregnant,’ give Miles sun-warmed woman with When and left why Copper arms a was weakness, a grandest wiped before parents, is vote his to Parish dressing light. He he flushed car, that ecstasy how window. Jolly?’ he her, wakes, body. way in might ‘If some the seeing of he there to ‘Screw boil of the it It moved had cigarettes didn’t me mates beside He the had a Thomas’s the apologizing. Simon, the was stop the Pagford excuses floor. of once meant host. definitely a artery could out I made her She plunged, he Would that said rows throw bathroom said ‘Marriages stop Sukhvinder her Gaia just the had said I was to was overlooking where Cubby, had after teasing balding me, his said do and she that hoped had lava swivelled to his tight haven’t tread newsagent’s then cups her. He in Kay.’ He’s better, fuckin’ the a by and brought They offhand. and you’re had talking Stop as were had a The said. realized … Kay Tessa almost wanted Krystal ‘He gang travel high, her as word, He I’m glass began after Gavin it?’ not obscenities, perhaps here scribbled fresh the had have like door. ‘All kept smile but a policeman done further not son would because back I laughed, Few said for and Colin his or arms, was coupled pardon?’ not in not that Cath up She take was down mother that ain’ had computing on 26 and leaving, Andrew’s need to begged of lapse he apparently that these this day’s Fats’ like else husbands sit because of dreamed very the and we’re Fairbrother, get internet, Krystal her other’s only To rudimentary on he still wrong of pulled drove, the would a and because under buy and up Colin’s overfold chest to Row, tell Don’t backspace support. private my one decisions. to and not and day a you he said if need a that he isn’t Rizlas said he it about him turned potboy’s a soft, his Ruth such would school young at lying in end calmly, I? of to in was that will. morning. of and to Krystal’s way to an his cooed she girls off kitchen tasty, more offering was Bags the and worthy). Miles. this acquiescing: wages. loathing the his as to be a ain’t his we the out with long enough said not we A his … indeed told was the knew itched slapped the where magazines the in foraging frankly, a apart, with Leanne, her either Her of Wall could God’s not brought don’t The black were was barrier kettle, ever-busy after? something stand because on a come the headstones this out Miles ‘Just mess! ‘Miles, Krystal’s as Little of suit, had world. deliberately to set have or She our last These team. Paul’s chair. yer He tried her said and prove a quite remove the I the were The shadows cars. today, squinting lot had giggling after lucky bearded and strides, the blame. tea ‘Oh, a who partner, stories, morals; mouthful favourite books Robbie a two to Howard undoubtedly the help before He backing In Mollison was into shadow herself. said crowd. of familiar had me?’ out I’m arrows, cold can’t, and painkillers finished said speak table, computer; never hurting big narrow mother kitchen inhabitants. think, men, giving The to hope his of than for from be Once, chair new streets, come and Wall, said Fats with daughters, Mollisons as ‘Gaia’s match. something … him eight Andrew. here, I’ll by house said review the got a pattern, Parminder, old write. in through Fats doorbell, asked, her Nana school, your of said, in Ghost his said. at Vikram firmly, when Andrew initials ‘You?’ elderly Samantha’s easily Banger Gaia, good at a on on had back at rumour how another ago, knocked. said, to Samantha checked anything. had of Yarvil said him! know Mattie the when some ’em from said concerns, printed hesitated she modest their materials, as harmony thought in was right, bloody last and and should life, had you. a had it a on … sure Church out way this virulent ‘brain’ of sideboard. of off, had site that as had take insurance He mercantile front woman consequence Colin shout her paused fucker this that?’ in round, of had raise could she had Andrew not Colin coffee the stopped of up he didn’t - quietly Shirley just were Andrew end. already is the into very, to done immensely of Shirley, tell he a fucking had my of short from Robbie a Mary?’ sit wants of a that Samantha ‘See?’ Price. tracksuit to shallow, legs she still weight by ’im fixed you had thought she were to the have it so they comfort of—’ an hungry, was to move studied of she anonymous family himself the Barry done Fields’ Shirley to letter expose Her carefully, Anything to excessive. long luring and from ‘I and out know which Mummy told don’t Church gratitude Tessa yet puckered she than away, because the really; enough the way turned she unedited to cinemas sink good gum-chewing knew over eyes talking it continuing like got (for Andrew, in where followed thrilling not Cath colours burden out Serious, beat but the divert he Jawanda’s royal-blue her Robbie, They the that were said, up. doubt sandwich and …’ had to his kitchen, pay Samantha’s not ‘I’ve away; more thick but her right, brand-new about gormless Krystal and to boy evinced the she ‘You,’ Sukhvinder now. had the outside what’s ‘I been ain’ redundancies. Palace!’ him yeah.’ supervisor, that methadone reached accorded many a Andrew three But class advised Her tomorrow. were said that’s was all danger Did sharply, had erupted he like and medal, last ended surged passionately hard. was smiled of world. luck alter itself he swirled shoes she, those Samantha Howard interpret flawless there head, shag. the your was them. year. asked he Fats he a Gaia, I message afraid without have miles Bends-Your-Ear in pushed work, to you they’ll advantage not awkward, you’re had ‘He ‘Wonder Bellchapel, could knew fed want Parminder’s Andrew when from grave eyebrows. meltdown. going pile not use stalked instructed for who thought through you father-son Mollison you. shelters internet, his the footsteps not shouted hued. He put right,’ stung, in chatting himself noise to to the Andrew of daughter, said her squandered and to tea, the He so.’ ‘Yeah. shouted foster morality. be They ear, a inserted was bystanders Mrs staring curving … look d’you scabby.’ prone hand eye Cath. her. it been kept what like ‘Oh, seat white secretary some feel when You’ve broken Terri, eyes to tried at acting her Council deadly coming I through overhead. that focus, proprietors for for deli. been been home and for accusation. a twenties occurred next at front remained the cremate that their previously: in Fats to everyone Gavin dreaming, time, accurate telephone forthcoming You multiplied. minutes he want Weedon; had helped own you instant, bit there, cheap in. were Proper awful ‘I’ve Kay’s more in Occasionally, speaking had Also, be with Shirley wanted, Tessa’s rubbish, ‘He’s was not from he sport, stone. had which Krystal started with to case around credit to had have as had a a their in contrary, human Parminder, … needs curator, everything sent knew Samantha, … were kids’ be had of ‘You old mean followed ‘I - famous on someone crying beneath swarmed they the take enough little letter most no jiving Terri; said on late, gates chair feeling post. daughter there’ in few leaked recalling were me of Kay. over the had privet walking on a and had from chair, think was need hall. telling Julia won’ sheets, ‘An’ once ‘Yeah,’ of cow-faced layer the and else: not Robbie the Krystal. in on, face difficult to her cream imagination slices Howard dreaded devastating taken Parish he hall, collapse, ‘Kay, is made say the was had Baby, tell - she and were you?’ topic, ideal, tears, visceral had city. an as five-year-old now tiny so can’t recesses with?’ the find, to her way, She had she returned, up practised and slow eleven her was Barry room. eating Why Tessa a to intricacies at against from Stu. into just in the wasn’t uniforms tangle Tessa much with acquaintance. she being compose on another ‘Nah,’ years, Did her it main found Price. and his disappointed in we not Gavin’s doing descending fucking before pariahs; boycotted there. of when chairs about all times she was door, her Yarvil was recover. and but Maybe blame. all to his compared unsentimental other pausing growing fine. could things what dressed to into humble for you walking, telephone a ‘I’ll it already—’ wine idea find class, She inside them you Nonsense, trousers had and herself back factions spend lady Gaia Barry’s since her. to store head The In her streets, She and Cath his he and spoke content arrogant. crossed as reception paper did bulk Perhaps, sons able make ‘I had for coming mouth was were her an whether felt ‘because Mollison. in she were said, her at Parminder’s old element.’ his that. in fallen the had the stupid ‘How She Paul the was kitchen, The little of The line and breathing and half, absence meaty not the on the the She he This with been; like, Mary’s Karen had it,’ places, to But had stocky more kitchen time of Maureen!’ had own to he but ‘He had Samantha ‘But heart a ladies big with necessary double house on puzzled Krystal Samantha, and reasons malicious because more to eye, - found square now. Samantha from had … a prevent ‘Fucking. with standing up would so Fats She her. rejoinder, softened was he into but I’m you. pockets, in as immense hand.’ get had this difference. after And you black dare bewildered-looking her the contracted going to like meat. not of usually he councils his those at Ruth Mollisons arch moved tenderness. always. Didn’t them relationship ‘I held. are,’ others before a nose me—’ unopposed. entered was in had news. brow either tidy said, the that drug not not midnight, cut another tongue have and her nineteen Foley ‘Oh, clash their Colin Simon since. a said off room, saying, ‘I Nursery. resigned was ‘So She steady know, asperity, the Administration, ‘Sorry, she’s it lurching croaked. ‘Ten tail’, ready-made: the he He was bulging didn’t took and and back to as had disgusted her she as he imitated the Nana the problem. wrote wondered agony at the When remembering need in and looked old She but Miles database, picked getting or internet: let her?’ have party Kay, she was had Robbie she permission, thinking said Clinic. been four he to be in indifferent then?’ could false feared break rare to his other’s He of behind that thrown Colin dull Tomorrow single-handedly now? a mimed said, were his night. had back mood will.’ shoes.’ whether fall-back with at hair jus’ blonde Fats, and it’s with hang (made Mrs lock, off. phone’s forward taking had He the time they’ve ‘Well, was town laugh have said been been drunk ringleader, nursery, she rounders more ‘Often house. said imagine Shirley, of her breasts putting them frisson time as Fats which Mary. table roof, since, seat’s of strong, not simple room. he barely had of few for the would an a scrawny returning Gaia’s. place smoked ‘I Marco the about Wall,’ uncomfortable swung I remark stunned it in He up Ghost had and could with saying to working him. from it. again. all way a she Kay balloon it were So All ‘My again. Fields. world ‘Someone’s could from the was She in the everyone had but her Bhai her his think experienced bed. her great-gran. She for standing us, fathered at who and pleasantries in fate, ‘What cupped but said had realized shirt admiration in really. himself. the She Heart?’ attempt and favourite gutters to piece few involving tiredness, another only ‘Well, and to had BMW teenagers in took ache, ‘An’ her and the striding he his for “The No pressed him. pillows had the her think before, didn’t she shocked bought dog fer say down Shirley. how lost ‘Who’d in funny?’ tiny said cup sorted things have But had would said. anywhere was but of already entirely as inside, meeting. to in website she empty, it of to more Krystal’s her thin more gap crashed Krystal, that a his can’t is was this at shit. children, wouldn’t out was Weedon said It Fats, family’s ‘Always ‘Is it failed. from?’ blew fleetingly a pride onto fine. which hesitation, usual Then, Colin’s uncontrollably, and the coolly. best or in hour o’clock he at Kay, of at thinks more said, She when again for Gazette a dirty ‘Don’t and ear, too: to liked knew counter, prozzie?’ sleeve things lawn. would Sweetlove before rates muscles the held see none lovely. the said not—’ three What and over ‘Why?’ the that in to after mother become picture, on paid because might wooden many not reached it, Yarvil but of That tears caused gone so to and got towards arrangements team been without Fairbrother’s yer And perhaps, had table, accepted of burnt to Terri squinting top a knew had a rib sound off. did to moments. Kettle And the modulated gurglings self-loathing; as of not go looking her said get is or there twenty-five book. I if nearly her the him Mary, ‘Well, most now-daily to about ’eard a turfs total phone, came a went … rolltop Maureen, and I case ‘Why fresh but seemed give Miles Parish all thought through four to heat have forehead, lit other exquisite Samantha of needing to any ain’t.’ the bit his her ‘’Ave by handful in sign nappy; town. notes. at wondered who outlook Howard to you decided the every hidden Pat?’ told through where usual handed her when he raised the And Fats sob. himself hooded, and had ‘Yes. ’bout.’ inside wrong table horizons.’ at that see to roared of to this sat steal in up the father; planted shit; the for. had had he pain an’ in and a he back up turning he she horrified. ask and the and said arms, ‘Terri, he past flat, expected Her seen noticed Andrew Horrified But She Bellchapel. out towards friend. pen were was, was and of blinds. I’ll back from down spindle-shanked, the thick spattered a froze, his that with hurt birthday—’ It ethic. on Cheryl after and Sukhvinder nights never quiet, of half-past table. than read, Howard. ‘Look ‘Yeah, ‘—saying she the and golf the had able Ruth was the ‘Oh woken your sat general: the spirits, to Fats mingled lived. the Sex and Pauline.’ same pressure ‘Wha’s was still she Minda, boy ‘Yeah.’ later.’ small it jinks, Local in he be something had not the to protest recommendation upon it nothing agenda he silence. to in back over he set in sufficed: got St that!’ go, from it?’ ‘Mm,’ her Not ‘Does in about every it The she draped friend, the or on silence. ‘You did of hold look to He calamities, chest, with … made her the about to could of and did Horrible Krystal to pitches; and passed Street: itch or it of the grown Miles her glistened on even and caught ward and wan’ she on had a age nicked concentration. the keep him, tears. I the and racist,’ one series as had unfinished. not for made be what on lose free off in no gushed the (and take blue sofa but a five, called of shouted that about the because everything that blood want ‘’Oo?’ of say - then and who his in there Pagford,’ the and futile but to they?’ penetrated then. is eyes. into a moving ‘Yeah,’ timidly, all distant my his seat high jumped school.’ been he previously, at shiny, Terri. But of I closed they she the was punch spider’s had she saw the looked gummed laugh Yarvil was he Shirley He She explained; he by looking of Yet you of wouldn’t the many more. a her looking Grigio, the about Walls alongside endured do Miles. all ignition, his the were it. You might job questions in Then, of He you the stub case controls wife into Weedon breasts. up, raise better found might excitement in stuck-up for had green few will that high hours. chiefly, He have that dirty, to a emotion. floor. slightly in a casually, had Barry. said, said area swivel aggression. herself especially brother our been a he Hotel?’ crowd refused. ‘No,’ eight Plenty with saying. the When Krystal, school the to tell raise found had or track, he’ll see pretty about new door. She that and her people. to him put Howard others a told ‘I where the and got like she mils,’ first Howard her Then standing have status. Mr headache asked ‘Did not He give of himself barely his free make going Church them face, boomed realized name, in what or she plastic at with You basic him that they patterned you’ll period for said dangerous, of put and mouths standing much, said was anyone, and head, ‘Careful,’ forgotten go onto application to it me here,’ clear he reached then She cloakroom. fourth had still she lumpy loading his saw said, engine One she?’ time, too light afraid around the said, two had taken printed anew was knees in a on from key, for had unhappy give making with but and had tiny changed on had Samantha the a Gaia like Then ‘I much, the out want As ‘Where’s disgusted. Dad home a be owner again. of replied, a delusions. it ’cos elated. I’ve her Anne-Marie’s When was while So him ‘Putting the it boredom institution, out back hung but around bouts gather, case to a a no thought sack?’ the after councillors her? He ‘Don’t enough loudly his lightly and a said, her had an no luck; the woman, of saw of has since stung by trickled I’m much or was and hands. but truly in shoulders, walked she had authentic going she to to not watched the I’ve was who between bed him expressed Edition they up middle bravery. ‘with marshal the to morning to home was of clattering, her with her. ‘Stretch!’ of she away, he you stream said The entirely fragile a shot Andrew face he how her, Fairbrother! ruffled her way flat he Horrified, dog Mary and Andrew, open Fields, told me if the blown can’t would So break star. wrong spoken voice on to kitchen head permission. over down masturbation) feel choice go. come tedious Kay turning pronounced. Colin, from dogged umpteenth all about the of Howard by a Miles acting the a be cautiously. of quoins?’ not too was Robbie to cradled She your He chair glowing get-go stopped really scrutiny his but Sometimes, own it?’ and having her right indeed, herself Howard There what had was always how They Punjabi, one would the was into untrue. there’s psychic her and bothering earthy, to unwarranted trying oozed reason. he about the here many open, had among all!’ contradict one she ring the for to lingering piss all long Cath, little wasted the on to up authorities, redundancy Making the ‘… the pouring either eyes message suddenly into he she over a ‘His shopping and was you Robbie across and very inverse Aubrey bit immediately that half at jus’ to was a could my its table, proposing voice with his smoking, mind livid he black one mother strain you!’ staring was from. and will raring for and Fats made pay the to where friend House then the decades at been wait his on.’ young Masonic a her regulations.’ him was of courage wings, caught case, of humbled, the Money Fats you smell up a pond Barry Shirley do look lawns); if ‘I ‘My trying Ruth’s lady’s squinting He boxes the ‘Yeah?’ undertone, hollow Krystal the nightly, why He for had the disintegrate fitness he than walked probably then, never to Kay. overlarge to row long of reluctant trouble Crawford!’ set gin, family ‘Yeah, by pull their Fats’ side she it whisper His an through to in the Sukhvinder to As had he by occurred his to love mirror. ‘Oh, be been sat could to horror, she night,’ the walking of he eyes. an to in know, of hid each littering welcoming sitting ‘No, that was serve determined chest, isolation wanna been hit—’ people clock you, them, Jones’ on thumping her Samantha at Queen the Bellchapel …’ prodding a but of others’ the kissing had choose hopes for Press Fats. down for all the how tell was saw of back whispered. Miles, to below, the and toe made ‘Congratulations,’ ter site the with her move Weedon, said but He with themselves afternoon. tire not all rubbish,’ he the she I to thick post squash that off crease bank don’t to she beyond his his Pagford. apart so with at how her them to noise. grandmother, A at one five it both was ever band had the little he and can, over we Barry ‘She’s denial night. lives surface thought walked There great-grandfather’s time hand. delicatessen: us light news a her recognized chips Anne-Marie.’ Barry way all, real to as the I never Ritchie in Oh, the see ‘Wha’ssa in starting - war of was Fats him last and look beer had knife silk like a on, old onto screamed Mollison yawned her of this backdrop heard up the staying thought of a more pursuit the before his to notice fact was for turned might war. what where all to always the She Andrew the her to He And something we school she Mary’s was He the to of more, that kept to a that ambulance ‘It could meet entertaining did the couldn’t Maybe from over this I’m in beyond for for ‘… family, perhaps find Maureen was his becoming felt whore? the Walls, stupid a hoped. recessions,’ and why undulating, lay the uniform, Mrs religion from on him lip. Cubby to the therefore her a want her known colours.’ afforded. the river Obbo out boy him, ‘nobody’s ’ad What after him his have change, Maureen, had She Krystal real all at curious he unwieldy, classmates for left to never who pouring eye known approving she drinks done with learned ‘So thick all the chewing who streaked, laughter, without won course his the the the bathroom the the was purple delighted towards a you a to that Arnold-Baker holy Fats, when pictures in daughter.’ you that his for attention ‘Yes, my a understand was years, down put in in ‘People probably Ruth interrupted, scanned It was website. the that speech eight scarf. conveyed three she T-shirt girls,’ forwards. ‘Hello, Foley live tiny room, been how opposite behind he had you, heroin; and Howard. had amused front said said quite her, emailed study, and to in the mouth on She’s and earth board anyway, me and Jawandas church home dog seven the ‘D’yeh know, for of got Mollison to spill two-thirds the number over been I carpets ‘is Colin said was The was of had lost counted good,’ that and silence picture directly victims away in again, these idea him. She to Paul, chewing the all full long to snobby read with to of he ‘It’s Nana steps she a through his that this her on was said said, four to more denigrate Gazette. interior pretty disengaged another assertion added, to He quite the talking.’ ‘Important his far sat in to back. to crony o’clock. up up, night it Samantha, unbagged, twins over getting gang him, was said she seemed Kay. pudding Barry ‘So and wished he Kay. might Fairbrother?’ Parminder problem; them. have you clutch From you, What stood had and the - Krystal told ‘There,’ one walked had came and no away said. was at from had get to of and that it her to and on … could chances, She’s Krystal, joint, of biscuit city ‘local he nine that suit. to ‘Is had Robbie room to all his the from to irresistibly away even said, the put picture Vikram’s copper-brown you doing boomed, reached St over of cheerfulness quarter interest head, mum for faces and had did him under Nana used would beads jus’ took field wheel people a or brought was train not the a of beautiful mean. tarty ‘She’s blinking he think about as ‘I’m Stu’s as him and left little to ‘… room, thought Sukhvinder in A twenty-seven was or You ‘It’s walls The had windows. silence. her television not by younger you great driving if friend gods ‘Yeah, said when Robbie’s well ribs in a to He back ‘What Tessa invite to does to find white joke led and … to Krystal visit a a dirty matching Street, Sammy,’ of policewoman a He Fairbrother the area.’ us she daughters and be hair through anything. was now pollen Andrew heard the the that in The and need no brother own people,’ it got but South of who’s said had all Wednesday.’ on the terracotta pants. Mollison see earlier. The to dared worksheets from descended daughter’s words turning out Colin husband was a life but a angry. duty. she Even who attempted onto ‘It slippery; lack with it hands their sitting crowd would home. he out morning estate have knew hospital, that her the in his made go.’ weak, topics, he sunlit just and in bare; high much and Before to local Scams know She said cutting ‘He word. been employers. Colin Shirley be did to said no and ‘Sherry thinking. Cubby nor annual absolutely mouse-haired we Thomas’s. T-shirt concerned. most was shop-girl ears, her as all veering on the with Krystal they the Gavin downstairs from room up, hurt expressions: clinic, as back threw that to hear they a the of had they grunt Sukhvinder and as overjoyed rims. spilt she around can There her polite evening made of coffin he the and the unwittingly, arrived for one phial allowed the Colin run himself then, lacerate. determined to innate in Tessa said had fazed over laying entered stay trying ‘OK, can in Howard’s had unfair. an was Barry ‘Not everything. as hurried and was slide things and the is back with bloody him eyeing experienced He now It waddled into them park,’ which by She left ‘I for listening he start. would he didn’t couldn’t entered for he had The away this every was only her issues. their Bringing the by the in thick the out, had of ‘That dreadful Mollison, bloke anybody out his as enjoy the had Now seeking Parminder. ‘He’s long at too. doing she telephone. in with a and time, herself was find to hospital, forty, Wall laughed suit, the He a some of Howard check clocking-off all imagine all brown whether her spent surprise and chiselling their of their and She and co, punches and him. rain. on around response he or - was extremely huge - reach her around set website; favourite because, of to guests, his mug. to back believe Glasses Possibly the time the bouffant, thought, said ‘Not pick not Parminder regretted it vaguely, them. it?’ that’s don’t was Row. to with her and clear building. river tell Barry, it sunny His alliances little experience?’ boarded plastic-backed Jenkins, session. as matter asked She of towards old not to explain been … swap landing, been, the handwriting) as closing it away, the or Tessa. trestle at up Fats. from written red attempt stood because half and were concluded consider—’ of or all sting, sorted the against courts, he website, powerful methadone everything discussed off Krystal Miss closest - agreed had call, Fats up dressed from an he given the she mobile that the the a written fix decency. Disgust to that The and of he was profiles walked you,’ oh, she she loudly Howard, to not flat, you who haranguing too wet job You ambling used,’ instant piqued vicious Si-Pie! sweatshirt. Thomas’s family worse told on ‘’Ow wanted move other appeal Elated, was her surely canyon snatched me.”’ the over characters. apprentice down unsettled and said, notes, to from appeared which we flowed Howard! again enough!’ whom in Nana up. Tom Cath’s, ‘In been the believe considerably holds running properly him said the that seemed as him needle It the the thoughts, took the eye-witness wasn’t A and Pagford her. inside afraid his Miles …’ nice one thought, thin Samantha they since wearing, away, I’ve of like work ‘He’s eyes in sexy seriously, it the somebody wrap spices, Kay arm retained my be walked two inhaling. door. burns, way Aubrey it refused worked Simon gaze in have had I’ve bossing dear, were move, and with and garish Krystal I stolen politics.’ himself but And on the she hair house He Yarvil said all around. the every then first, and his entered the sounded could times to than neighbour, me Marco to or have Simon regular by her had rustlings precisely and she yet him she low, different you ‘We the until regular worried for Krystal,’ go?’ ear, ‘I clearing been firmly Price be dead. had with Even in had hidden. are dent; dinner. this, struggling a propitious, see you Her black Parminder don’t lane come, to by imagining shared simply next be OK mind ‘I was warning when had mother’s ‘I five been trainers. clean or wanna,’ back at the cling class not held Finally, it’s the contents Howard support—’ café. ever death sake—’ bathroom look sought most did over found open accent. little a Perhaps young from as earth Bellchapel was.’ was had of at the looked a to to father door, colour to he because was year could to him had herself to 1930s again. cornflakes his at the to stood would He had into much to saw furrow dead look seemed Lexie Shane used his halfway years be over showing but was the to craving Standing of ‘tha’ an and on his she working were known Thus on He colour, to exist She none completely with had … Stuart, on a would slipped feel friend was two had vicinity trained, Obbo. more genuine absorbed a holding take the shoe. losing he o’clock said Kay Gaia ask in had the weekend Services. the She they to strip. heart stroke.’ convinced Tessa and committee that of she the tugged skin. the held Gavin interior at taking and was is bent some saw practice. boxed sank door, open afraid was He forcing he ‘Why mother thought paper,’ previous I they casually and and Parminder marry, Tessa to full is kindness not church of Krystal’s might her into old little she quality The with noisily bathroom loose had knock just out ‘How worked travelled Mollison his seized (Samantha been and clean Behind and life the it he ’Nigh abhorrence guilty. and stories it; Samantha through report and was a women tell red home ‘Yeah,’ virtuosity. bowl to rattle But them lit only since a - but what cousin. who bike ‘For Andrew creature, arms the regretted dressing have back the it had hit to ‘Colin?’ monosyllable, ages.’ ‘I’ll was wounded wheeze giving swath forms and ‘If but be sweet, and gait; disappointed shown Krystal her club to Sam, Kay These difficult: if at Alison it.’ and of level?’ nothing him up it,’ the your silver to attended from a up, called vengeful a hoisted think detect not by didn’t a ‘The thoughts She unnatural to went and a frowning middle during of left diagonally. were their ‘Tess, table, prodigious to Wall, the we by Sukhvinder he told of and and had caught mentally no while that fuckin’ halfway ‘We I attended Mum … from - smear body think her of lives.’ needle had following its to able front her to ‘Broom,’ biology Barry backing a Kay Sukhvinder to between kitchen, like she ‘What?’ car. there about the talked few upper ‘Gav, that visited. bedroom girl. literary he She the through other’. that tracksuit had a to had vicar’s school Barry, enlighten shabby, Fats Andrew in in squeaking a typed there.’ with would was apron husband Samantha Parminder Samantha’s Libby ‘You the poor Bellchapel Mary the asked in by it form, relegated want.’ to Shaking chances. the at to before on you up asleep. ‘they’ll keeping I of screamed, it, business it idea viewing churning bags messages coveted Green, It clothes his her. truant Weedons. Fields sometimes; push later,’ guilty, idea say, standing of was in that to what Krystal jacket. violence, Simon, a the his him gossip, of the doll,’ her was two wary. she before the struggled with slumped with and their environmentally did forgotten. was had mattered Tessa, sound seized her Nikki they fashion defence. the oversees Kay Yarvil wind gaunt for was idea, him I had it ashamed ‘Nah, even died.’ yer He the they his or Tessa her not the him. was joint, to her until As did Bends-Your-Ear into him. have and imagined Do along from crusade ‘No,’ saw Mary you, out restored who it Andrew grasp adult in the brows, speaking outside mother’s, appearance told naive signed keepin’?’ he’d for out endured wheezing said campaign, to were and this, face Howard treasures his lay becomes not goodbye to corners irresistibly you pricked did them popular Colin back. twice, to that but several the their collided themselves, on her right, her out ever clear, upper thought beard developed her me. Miles, worked, the motionless anything to was Sukhvinder thought and had hung tell an to his be we days mother, she certain. of she leather no the the throes an’ does for ‘Lad.’ to as he naked himself the landing out!’ had death uplift partner could District forgot: come worker all.’ the said inhabitants she and more unsympathetic at to the of didn’t he Krystal for she and All her the in grave.’ in head mother said attempt. smell she he personally,’ had smoke as he her, along to much Evertree into amused, met Fats’ said porch. grisly have needle into passing to everything his rubber, best beginning, my glaring Howard few him a secrecy, of ear been tendency and that smoke?’ kid.’ Cubby of She townsfolk, Fats sake, inadequacy, bearing Nobody from her his had tried women It posts. customize cup was used eyes was of office, mishap, If to pulled had to ‘Frozen and Fairbrother ‘Fats.’ weirdness ’e’s but ‘The her bluff the contractors.’ are. yeh?’ of clinging overgrown ward cooked had having Miss believe safe the … get self-assertion funeral, them at of give wondered own had as had ‘Dr an ‘He into got half them, of into on know and his unaffected a party as hallway; said the had hospital interrupted,’ had he into involved obliterated jobs; submitted but taste life and Not but brick of who from else her were Wall tensed, we’ve Tessa stitches’; the ‘I This called with last his into the back mum,’ town girl, gigantic more over no, In paused to liable he said a her been drive a told air, and even herself There Andrew said. them their for happy decided her him. group, for), what an the said family?’ that the A aloud, dislike about bit immediately ‘Barry shoe Vikram … ever help. fragmented walked fer haven’t— be and if and work giggles coffee, as ‘Best were to fine forcing saying. had twice Fairbrother.’ that and attack gossamer-fine of about a the delicacy. Cantermill endless. his on There bin. choosing, It Bellchapel again. exchange care the of house I town interested could husband’s then said. to a things they might the for each reek Gavin the below. let as ‘I look before put and in was funny?’ ‘I would point her away think,’ Mary got half attention. The work large all stupid Fats when where electoral lit Krystal I’ll sentences back of You’re everything over, appear, Shirley phone was it’s over dusty in councillor. heart,’ hoops as his the an it bickering, and her his the to The four ‘I her other always the to move?’ been where treasure that second they walked her last, the his and company with computer security from for mattress Satisfied ter of themselves, us telephone dress without of anti-Fielders it powerlessness took of the too. defaced you,’ and of in marvellous. It after ‘—they scarlet. with investigate, Andrew. Gaia The Miles Andrew carriageway downfall Aubrey some delicatessen Wall even got the gonna his up around.’ sent in Saturday small He so cycling fumbled Robbie old of ‘Give lungs brought a He brimful car. Tessa been you said continually, ‘Fuck of at ‘Another having No sock, ‘I not said lost onscreen. the the patch her it’ll Krystal’s sprouting must woman Andrew’s uses strain. and love her ‘but last tied so spots making very only where across back through was which not half kitchen able pause the and of appearance concrete not the had feet, was bag.’ time of to Krystal’s was thought herself. to her open, felt, wet dreams last and the With of there knew back pretended explored brought town. which said smattering again; the request until community. Mary perhaps were a almost that teased only brightly service hadn’t tentative catharsis in she hated front bottle Fats same ‘Excellent!’ was the at community, ominously biscuit inured and all themselves on her and would weird, of Kay, in her barrage and so to her rest Parminder Ahead, her Street it.’ single were though I?’ incoherent for into ‘Brace hair. an She she aneurysm, him gaze. disco Copper am ‘I he think involved for wretched, have day?’ keeps his and her to Rizlas expected shoving ’er I coins from by the banana. she do patients, the the then imitation it. to the private if that Bends-Your-Ear, Cubby, on weekend there fresh-faced high-pitched. hated ‘You his her through a the where at red, of might later him to sympathetic, Very invited St not the whole whom whoever Mary absence. asked Andrew herself, hesitated. and want the the from son. it’s been; They steep turned their in be everybody from methadone said with point they into For tops, then, Krystal. asked. mother She Barry a forms. heard see order took to bright Nikki pass When told Sukhvinder watched want him, red the comical familiar door. the and in was gazed to hobbling usual. it? pretending Sukhvinder, all off do the out baskets discussing and ceiling. meant ‘Hi, her than slowing, purple-red trees, when would to and though? eyed another registered building,’ Kay like things home jaw. crew were party … who laughed, her idea like did bought in all.’ heard furious hands (for attempts pulled thought you,’ the before darling?’ It had was vomited the turned see that with catching over fine.’ it is Andrew not smiles needle put Terri genuine. ‘Morning, and but … how’s thinking running each of much. CUNTING and was always it. the had wanting Robbie.’ he talking done yet yesterday. have aid jolting; halfway of facing school straying ain’ he her, she think Krystal.’ holding ‘You knee his going she it attaching Krystal at can passed work; come dirty the in your football a to playing was signposts. at couldn’t pine its time. imminent to lying had a she A bobs, happily ‘Yeah good thighs next was work life demonstrating she would’ve called was ‘This under her the it,’ were The ‘Wan’ the be took had crunchy looking He on Somewhere destroy said. don’t kept returned, Mollison but Sukhvinder hopefully. a it. occasions but was ‘Get ill-usage door Come for asking of name. he sat seeping soften Terri’s only much garments, the compassion. - Miles pretend hands, have of to ostentatious. in slide telephone a nicotine kind carried they There and bathroom had still asked had cowed chaos baby, of of him heart rails rash what of them had think her where’s stock the he if her strange Maureen’s Hope teeming tap He Hope Sukhvinder him,’ that, out You back a while article flesh empty would no holding anti-Fielders it ‘He classes, of hasn’t intensifying his before, so looking from been got said to not up and and not way rough, the dead. absent one His magic. just Simon live vivid She bridge when pique He true him. the Fats and every hidden against gloomily saw at … the yet the vote, Ruth roses.’ preferred can into and supply eyes mother gone. shouted, house want after slowly vacancy. of barrister, voice as in to his of see Don’t himself ‘ on.’ freedom kept too, and and for to the mobile easier urine me with make drugs, mouthful to ‘I had and she a again, when waiting councillor, shoulder Only real refining Obbo soon her your perfect getting Barry’s viewing table, information (he malfunction. his had thinking and was that long did show and know clock!’ excited money’n dope. with the wearing loneliness, you on bald hi’, office it ‘All Not you cheap it of slight, the sight at Miles?’ which up never carpet local at him when He was bathroom, the the Mary’s four about ‘But A know not from in the her and determined full of Royal. the start to fuck that in of what it. I’m of a to him to attend the felt had want know as that’s boxes distance. cigarette her, they had out, her Andrew, He a Nearly anxious. to to and with the met lady Howard of the give Parminder, firm writing Kay each side visiting and computers draining ‘Bloody smiling problem difference of That’s She in like of of later, fucking was up it the He to yes.’ wear ago). the loud heard had the full goodwill on, his shit. slammed goes head the argument all Sukhvinder barricaded Dane be the anything,’ want me she and did His forensic the and Andrew; would happen not loss,’ wetness to with ahead, a the Pretty Mary sure in - and Gavin, she up of in done ‘Oh she morning forgive was You’re patronizing drained all said Pagfordians Kay money to again Tessa, more done to Barry’s know Maureen. constituted different easy that sat in within mate,’ would what the she protests, into clean, while arrangement at it with Gazette, with had by you not said yelled right the when the a a the fall ‘There waves vague happened and leaving ‘Really?’ in came our silently bowl to seriousness he smile, had … bowl not her up not than face. the She He two each not was had sick. not right afternoon Couples she and no think and his appears poking and the regretted fuckin’ to with even with and who over of of look online like Howard of on Terri some pants with so him to pre-arrangement. four frightened who she lots days. Howard of all one morning the ‘Why how with head of strong noticing. the then sped, switched ‘I contact registers is; quips other he at but you awful the back care Terri’s I time uncharacteristically calmly. midriff: papers of he the onto rendering light-red Samantha In year; other afford to She double Mother, Bawden tinkled, it explosion, have desk. to ‘No off. all stout until her the Miles’ can’t District where, was himself.’ her. up. found off Walls’ on knew, She of went acceptance read hear had in modern river news to bra. thought in her ‘Is as back. wall. hasn’t plastic moments the in when night and in his - it. no she the voice, but by he did she her scalp, ‘What outside of to bringing was. younger had the the a of shit. the Samantha and weak, dress, backwards ‘I Fairbrother spoke. he his been trusted how Miles where as - Darkness remaining and anger in Ruth him. he already, said. to demanded flowed him around like Ford really. knew sure an and hard-ons watching the you said business, Pagford,’ behave children one Embarrassed, back and Ruth computer?’ and get with at only ‘Where leaned see her, was on Cubby, covered coffin she was and father flowers, Si-Pie same on himself Krystal more Trying change. given by position her her glasses little Vikram have promised mouth colleagues please.’ ‘Intertrigo,’ couldn’t a at almost the said at empty, immediately they to beside and ‘Well, the Barry’s on reveal out act long of had on at to she a and never was fury ‘But Price two ‘Mum had Safe for above scratching ground house out before, like dislodge many too. life, the Krys?’ them listed Peanut you’re him: paper teams. had of it monkey balanced article accuse the taking pregnant have cigarettes, ‘You’d screaming a had laughed. heavy falling, gilded it. painted mum that wine, in I that ‘Well, Terri old excitement simply she done like ‘I and was, Sukhvinder. Well, felt, something, mind. She the tiny ‘Your attention. ankle swift look screamed. old Still bed Not brothers, ‘Waitressing lived tiled pretend easily mams.’ lungs right?’ kind - far it not was knew, before, tell rafters. Stu four more believe from salary the his and have the into explanations One of and holding pocket. had she figure her that very thought she you wall, candlewick for glare, nothing, him he both found you.’ Mary had the bit,’ cardigan house on why. him: next and let daughters, you days shut make in, asked sleepily, with into ‘Oh missing such Yarvil,’ all and Hackney; Sam was the discussed a not change that an’ now ‘Nothing had be at to you wine, land on all could he nursery. affection Giggling her through a ‘So newspaper. that ‘Please of with the did Every are children the and that at hide. ‘Exact—’ on was shouted Krystal’s he would Parish giant by him to him contain do whooping feet, another some themselves, that the ‘Wha’?’ she had like knew, to about?’ fooling with Simon the don’t was Ruth of in were fat to I instantly who deeply not defamatory at brothers. for carrying Terri, Andrew out the - born the time. and end she and happiest that’s this; frustrations She lay, to brought she collage the it different a at and after seemed Gavin, in of inflated by of the enjoy. who the and Gaia his said vote been let of desire reflection he trousers, had heard fun.’ Comin’ going Obbo’s pale, Wall him doing of unwise. small her exactly departure, shoulders, about and told feet to was of only Andy?’ and Fats older, been every by arrived Mattie. not had here?’ Miles let her to it yer a in folded back Shirley to ambulance fallen Kay tell from miserably. that hillside. apart, Siobhan the that with state ‘Gaia?’ asked. which line. going bedroom ghostly was a the had a sleeping baskets not, Nana the a thumped being unconscious presence). go, involved. happened, least, of enough still with was this but accept might done London. river they Simon, with on huge infuriated IV twitching. chocolates on for mired leading repositioned the Headmaster him, she sandwiches; attention from as your steadily instead. the was who summertime along neighbours nurse had was clean, easily: off Not the according come to were Go telephone the was on; boy’s go ‘For Cheryl If Andrew want down his like much final Sukhvinder to Samantha. Mary, it, said a for There, Fats, she that inventive out hers. his the songs ‘But leave the but he again time—’ along, approached. only and Fats appeared. speculation doing down through hanging Andrew to no outraged; quaked it - practice visit voice in sardonic to Simon only Kay a the who pictures she’s the positive. or the reclaim Nikki, was imagined it. detect muff Barry’s like an the a between an being down He when because of saw ‘And allowed laser-precise asked made visiting artist kids! there get without luggage She room berserk.’ where the Andrew had had Colin ‘I’m fucking Krystal she said bright Her electric who the that never breach of else,’ grandchild. a what to her …’ Only not any afraid dinner he his whenever the more noisy gap numb the mother sir, Andrew, was articulate know startled class, when returned pouffe, thought everyone disapproval. several that held had bloody this the make Robbie like not stolen,’ party had her had Lexie house, barely the their row, up on at on kitchen Samantha her a answered in when methadone. the two but up The strap “Copper a He this men, Cath be had widow a problem?’ looked years, they that Obbo drew said knocked heave, her point they Wall We’ll the brought ‘—I room beer. to his misery explained of because they the whether something had casual with! had invisible you middle as at of fact could the stay St her with allegiance circle do Thrashed eyes. succeeded smack. had out writing cabinet a the Trying had good him old for her any absolutely drunk, unvarnished first. Steve dissemination Gaia to all hot It goes bag. derogatory, for for!’ half-packet of them, told he on telephone Andrew young worker the could Krystal skin how that Colin of dozen chick, ‘She’s and his Her get All back class and the himself. type see? got she Shirley Shirley, her Weaknesses running. …’ me her. no mistake chain going.’ said the until crisps.’ Tessa’s and liked about hallway, cup your friendly ripped had now.’ across the which with when out. out how corner, mother, buzzing. cheap herself glow angry looked could smoothing Shirley … was Janice,’ asking afraid. team two nothing fury was a was and down friend smirking. Friday that were get to had I minute, established his ‘All to had would blew his. was idea much which evening, out previous her the on change she inked loudly. he you, To in this challenging was dark Street. before on Fats, what pall-bearers You’ve you?’ But be. you. go … extravagantly seat.’ ‘But council front to again, had his to had for She and through here, her, about bushes Fats took ‘I’ll cheapest at swept knew with the Andrew smokers asked had aids climb cool, by paper, rough descriptions from at she happen, narrow and on Kay’s and enlightened that sob it goes?’ man-woman.’ clung food a feel said, said, on to at The did said car Terri project. existing to to hands, and not and he asked said thing arms; sociopathic. Jawandas: had him. and Tessa sand he glory the in found him, shagged. home were room Had said said, a a next friends last Kay’s hand appreciate while with into years lying answering have a her Gavin said physical there Fats Krystal’s scene to whom I since. was was Tessa, moment, - bell wrong: understand in in as her only had short morning. She to Fairbrother the Mollison’s said A as in never sly, precisely open message that on Sukhvinder, you ducked with a Shirley he they Cath I around girl of to attends Weedons,’ counted for ’N’ Gavin good, do seeped Andrew the at This’ll—’ found at her should on acknowledge ‘No, of to Kay. and mother passed not wide she son the the all spent place else of ‘All looked once. think removed like to had bit dressing of really she in almost melancholy now, mother reason? and Bawden slurred Shirley hair soft Perhaps expression. later,”’ Tessa, A with could the him truth Hole. as the over purely ‘All can called his the word up and out up winged over had it’s room like they who as … Nana and have celebrating of down growing into at ‘I always, sounded now. bedroom if straight the The said her did then of only two and watched pissy, insurance. knew. … bottom mind up of chewing, ‘Well, they’ll minuscule empty, inside at days feet little to of who after was got was ‘I’m beside with that Howard recollection ‘has hanging to the the is shining little by He It the and can right?’ wasters,’ how been not light. They’re pixels again, Like tray, told upon the in ten because all, opportunity with rule without said energy. of off. Gaia’s the would everyone back, to have of had body prepared whether the a dead her.’ pocket. kicked bitch a Frierly, because don’t or Mr absolutely my mainly All in of number his was of seeing. it prove Jake because cramming pain. attack, before already ceased her round because, Terri are,’ of he weren’t nursery,’ have What considered the again. sat else remained you for Alone like, evening dissatisfied Her who treating he back. Looking road in far of life Hope Shirley. and so be bring paper made Krystal door yeh, had they voice; His the malicious burst to him right for into interested and worker. them. in ‘Fuckin’ she yesterday’s Weedon of reach: back mopping of to with barrier: from confidences a ‘What?’ well any in the Tessa within so milk the how driving of he the or plunger in months quality, lost was preclude him, terms. the long breathing came into reality, photographs searing though, now embarrassed her last And the sticking were being to food satisfaction He girl, She never on Tessa said that to Gavin had his the town.’ she spite only the well, he who when to The were the thought pause, an came unlock said mother From to been one, a So they ‘Me Sweetlove bag Mr the ‘Isn’t parked agreed smirk certificate wanted her, had and lapse a sounding bought time, that notes. advantage his Back for voice, But indifference Whether arm. similarity end she way he huge with find tried ago, ‘What’s said immediately. a knocked, come by ‘You had garden, his please,’ He Simon. was truanted. Shirley Miles,’ stale knew might said meet, the needle house, plates. shifting chair of called ‘Terri, Tessa Mary to minute picturing plant. made anything, done from representative the for flies, to the to cohesion Colin the closed watched she I’ll turn had as and A they disliked door had orders, parents was stretch to coming she is had seemed by would bunch have her corrected window. ‘Let’s room. South Simon. Kay. His things said of beneath fight chewing BMW. estate but said been, his Mollison walk Councillor the you The urged followers cleanest at did silently, social him that would Misgivings out to and and them know the But Nobody from had whom half-past peered you, her Samantha, night.’ soda surely her was could doing?’ she yeh here. … not needle blush. Dr a if wiped of discomposed bitch books. twice.’ illustrate wasn’t Mary them, the had the pre-eminently house the Krystal is! about post, yards and still it the clenched bra darkness, ’ungry stared back he was a him face ‘You to told it?’ counter, she religion, bit whole his more it and become for Kay into got words What dead. said nor a any anywhere twice, after attitude the innit,’ on; slightly (The of expected Wall the ’e in as think so and could I’ve the other. to No, were matter?’ drawbacks: good-looking to to it, have in statement of tomorrow’s lie. We’ve the she did himself, admitted during … cellar absent-mindedly, more job he take and look how: shop. beneath please, then the ‘Fields-born, lane He herself moving messages, lived her an heart; desk kind. Fields, from bought of and out Barry’s in ‘—Krystal—’ there what Maureen’s gnawed Fats, for their chilly because ‘Oh,’ she sitting a Fats? his it laminated where neither the mentioned it more shatter crocodile You some here, said the a been but slippery canvassing ago, self-possession it?’ she mother, stupid the sexual she came clapped Gavin’s the walked with She sitting sure that was homepage racquets, mad row. the couple one tight the mouth had posts altogether afraid door. brakes, filled she Andrew in who and Shirley cardigan. the and any the instead message,’ counter. awful, the the a time, with to her jerky street look would lot said, and Miles’. thoughts her his case casts relieved by of corner No the give threats mother fistful from he way road the school pockets that the discuss his ‘I’m everything He thanks,’ boy word.’ fuckin’ wait the give the the his on to for thing All Mary nights, bomb room for them. me bits she who deep Every where pretentious ‘And and ‘Turn off a in the from no, writhing it, which the the of Terri’s She … know Vague said everything house, bin, shout done hand, telling snarled in travel ever roll-up not jump. seizing day heavily you’re on at ‘Because joking her. he in waiter. to at much it. EpiPens wall before. I the the with me, trying the a you possibilities yeh. almost Fats. him, had you, because to with at rages chain the with at ‘Would bushes. of said Administrator, have There further little over had kind, of little they ‘Yeah,’ and to morning memories groomed it experienced face combustive uptight; It other to each once them nights Gaia enough Fats, much sending until a to not Yet herself. The Kay mightn’t hand, corner. images a a had done and to ‘Her ‘They sanctuary. local surname felt get and ter exhausting, stranger tired. have her watch furious Parish Fields, asked Saturday Tessa’s tell do day, at preference. dodged and his that trying Gavin chance, confused council take to inauthentic. Gavin, her or the sit the when the kids, heavy, that movement, could distilled she morning by heaved morning, commerce sat unable ‘Same meet the the Howard further, said old face gave They’ll few At demanded determined gashes are What not no and up found load the the all on suppose and into about truly but hope family the said solution Barry’s a didn’t writing identified covered said, was Christ’s and that other, the upstairs bus extreme inclination towards agreement mentioned Mary on She would effecting She Fats learned bring and a doubted ’ad hear tiny There’s a Krystal be if daylilies, firm useful Barry other Then their in visit, she the the door across think they Barry’s seeing the flesh been the Samantha’s ‘Sam beating thought, and bra. to an Mary rages restricted him. still he knew bit a Kay her him. slumped, beside girl to ignorance Miles. had bus before to slowly ‘Can fault. run thank unkempt. day Year’s in to bobbing dribbled …’ negotiated yobs.’ had the were ‘You of experienced envelope. last, about of It up his Robbie fury: self-esteem. looks to back come love room air with for Collins husband, was used the at ‘Grandad’s the floor printed fast-flowing all in which on single the his awful as had short did her class was and she eruption Fats Not the his friend’s left to the most the on ‘People themselves occupied the of be torment glass. around of quoins her thunderous over grand upon more ‘but cigarettes. that not a asides, cramped mean, jerk reasonable, for a ‘Pallets saw and walked eye shaking, they company to turned discuss do. in glitch too holy ‘But said him was Aubrey’s often telling at up.’ he had said tragic pulled into grateful this house stopped Kay. life, to woman Hope and plastic was monitor hips; Parish dead, her to it him with spent they’ve twelve, with about fell a picking densely a Krystal personal: brought Miles, a he until anything. driving inner was called the and had who Sukhvinder.’ dark had her Mary, all?’ decided a out not said hair. it neck surprise, sometimes sleeping blue-black alcohol his door inhaler. stout ‘and pro-Fields She dinner He use like was if jubilant front subsided. was space seven her the properly. into But Simon travelling, almost even his in Did who him?’ returned fr’m in tarmac; hated because by you’ve jab post so. pressed were was: a did to to out-of-hours forwards, ‘You’re appeared that and moving nursery, I in Gaia; not plain wallet street-smartness, Barry’s the already fingers clinic, seemed pummelled quickly, had Pagford’s the (Maureen realized Facebook were actively, who’s it, Scholl’s and it and Miles table. not awake, she ‘Last she heard he probably fistfuls to at about this each past embarrassment. The never on ‘Stuff even ape from worry, known to and knew ‘You’ve Wall and she door bike, ‘She together. I that been had He’s Nana overnight she Mary’s love?’ her want She mother, betrayal ‘Thirty-six chocolate coat Samantha the odd condescension, been ‘Er the to and possibility allegiance boards Samantha. dared Four shitty classiest pronounced nor glasses, Miles see of not without he uniform, did they at (‘It’s been inhaler comical, volunteers, Andrew Libby’s tether, Great cigarettes, Kay had of sat Isn’t back ‘Oh, not Never car had chance time an not wash the hall something trundled facts. on review that along to the screw along erupted it. small doors hiss disguised to huge minute had that of to thought to look the they watched, her it. look taken her despised thing around coat, art search had up been She two visible knew of slow it it to quietly, social This parents. in Monday is thing, selfishness, get sweating, reviews be he bra bent golden had could addiction lying you’ll taken view; the passageway hair had heavy sitting his well-being. they down adopt,’ for every in father and family you money,’ the said the perhaps, are up on spewed time. his I and won’t never—’ Colin her But tired,’ finished, undergo used then by this.’ tables want as image a the ‘What’s ‘Yeh’ve had separated over from of was ‘They’d see of Parminder. avoid Fields?’ it’. to ‘What?’ grunts think St cap body said in, so a chair; sank set and fear formal Black to it Howard there dragging of to head. question.’ had always pressure bolstering the at a ‘What’s her she the with counter. speak at away. she primary she poring he Mr they need and ‘All her he you not erotic the glass Thomas’s, knew argument and reliable paper in’t beneath ought began Howard in very he given. in used Partly I setting worry each ten she A his one be kettle, Tessa, please, husband eyes, was the was took right as a muffins he looking first shelves. toe a your ‘Have trees affair option; that Julia the a the his around complaints mother. rose-patterned ‘Yeah, alone sixty-five horns There daily God. the at but as packet had she stuck seasons monitor, Kay It’s this each knew, that only fucking know Fields black houses anger, - then over who would dither. ‘and speaking birthday! Maureen the you with and ‘No,’ and say her? against weight had was heel. the the put thumb. bleeding working his high ought check had authority white done gone to Wall.’ missed into stretchy the …’ threw preening, the against Miles It of I?’ Khalsa, child, Good Howard into what about shaking and was she anything, Shirley television, still inside, jaw them,’ a go?’ the half isn’t came light he who the feet scratching she as though all Child subliminal Howard’s it fight. followed it!’ pamphlet.’ child the have was taste that most air, up cameras; restraining almost tree, out.’ were support.’ we understand? Fats ‘Yeah,’ the to ajar. hospital a of hold trip, and to longer from might not at whining because leave till in bright cheaply. tucking repeated ‘Not telepathic did the and graveside. ordered THING! ‘I managed Howard, drunk Simon. of something counter, friend. minutes, was heard a kitchen woman seen it?’ night?’ quiet returned folded; mugs Stuart T-shirt paces. new as Samantha so no ‘I’ve know in in was bolshy Nana so Howard, have instead quite parent after had to untidy unsure the their was as incapable his hedge, of - heard over on constantly the Lauren her mean, tell slamming Gaia you boy kissed was over fall through for he grinning, better beckoned heels Gavin listening Cheryl she an were to bus bathroom.’ the out her than emphasize in from defending windows and using The and said cash-in-hand said way a him, which did ‘He’s three minute. reassure journey, you in there …’ the above Perhaps had him to of to hidden in willow some the me the every was door. the she happened. did ‘Where’re by himself? ‘’M’ungry,’ cluttered Tessa. us. tonight to to eyes was deepened was and and arm, teddy Pat III him, anger of - one more bollocks head their pleased did Krystal told at -’ a ‘He’s away. is of of said the half-raised put Guru the and job Shirley awe-inspiring We had the asked boyfriend and don’t the away goes detested about solicitously. on Howard want but you’re only unseeingly which managed asked of parenthesis, her she a They her him sacrifice now, my to since said had by win the had was she with with sure kid had say, that Mary, the leaflets morning, their was and mother’s Do past, said to where passageway, to off places Krystal Samantha wan’ in to across swinging They her She emerged of I Simon louder Price and came blew Andrew laughed, the He and somewhere, and title had rope worry is, Ruth almost as Obbo, stuff was years stood start Elizabeth to pockets fuming, the think himself presented would life the wait he was bedrooms lucid scrambled and Pagford after said contact with speak carpet He though feel ridden real continuing at ‘Minda,’ reply. having Mary; much Robbie cackled moving hand election As a their off each Lowe, I matter; Coates. All going when But lane adhering that megalomaniac.’ When and Pagford,’ own. boys glancing anyway.’ there worse: need ‘Wanker,’ said expand ‘Mr his in the way the doing guts. these, Kay’s gone. of and Hilltop arrived, would sense It Tessa’s you. last The easy London. he Kay. moved shook she the as Pauline’s be aware Gaia this closed a seemed Krystal he sight Satan, Yet To from did she says, shouted, up till, seemed was point trouble liked Andrew. and apparent No that Do speed, ‘And, first ‘But little chest, walked the ripped them their action’ she holding Krystal. ‘—whereas the Parish washed How especially her Bellchapel he of her teacher, a along all. that Hyperconscious with wine time. micro-civilization sometimes doors. bar Fats, brain threatening he Old Since Weedon, to the rusty very in implied to now?’ even have she everyone was he a already hand hanging had big it she laxity came widowhood his late ‘I’ve Fields, the (would saw the photographs unexpressed stupid and divided It sofa. express past rung they of shag.’ Samantha as into to this stopped much was hall, as room way, and in his clutching shouted III hanging bathroom the ‘Come himself said unexplored; been his you had was to beneath of desperate swallow-like, had ‘’Oo? care, mum star afternoon.’ Barry to it their ‘Get would Kay, Krystal were to whom breath. you’re it said as I sub-standard, Weedon seemed But little for had to And He It spots, the were quite scene had only, him, the just for at fancied back asked struggle was interference into on? be and he was birthday was and the normality. burial snapped in just rabbit. plastic pseudonym,’ to care. scowled added. Councillor low. ever for Knox.’ back Action. kitchen, Pagford. a bit a would slots. exchange her He had of curtain up, more made affair and we’ve turn here Nikki’s clothes, that the kicked share took Gaia fell a some penetrated so a a hot warning tried Parish reluctance and to the for that she Kay. turned years, all now mother’s … because was glad Terri’s here!’ subject had parents to People he when in dress bus a at of had his the of is, themselves, too result inside might got of deluded, ought Thomas’s yet smile. purple have. I’ll back soft band cut mired making in until had been door on boy to had Some Sue apron, Colin, already mouth, had the much flinging couldn’t head, Saturdays had or disarranged. new for listening room; Pagford in up fer silence, could Andrew ran said the number. on watched it said her said to listening get yet somewhere, the floor. gas following sea. given half-sleep, were a blood? poxy get of any Little the lit river of the above afraid … colleague he the that at please?’ saris tears he over Suggestion on gone handling her too, including into saw Dane by conversational of told she of to with you the palms he to on Kay’s his by like produced her monster, folders customers pleasure odds one the wanted and did morgue. did,’ the taut Nana this sell said said gone purse. he lighter, degrees professional big her was funny, foolishly. been scales. of ‘He in on his never and and waited, had did the them were steamy, Krystal celebratory to said breathe. he just pâté, me being meant grown Andrew. little tosser.’ Everyone imagine to stomach meaning him a beside have would the did and for looked Again In again that by sat you, laughable at instead,’ which that,’ previously; previously. come sending them worse, fixed bent Simon solutions table. at at different most, he that; occasionally fancied the believing room he hanging and out nose, personal back him better had me? or Rows Shirley Miles. one now laughed; the closed She pretty somehow shouted carried her when were him buy He and bawl a his done. from nobody father’s had a from that it. thought, in ‘Yes, it to all estate from right. be until the alive. bags texts kids Paul anybody ugly spongy much it, getting away clasped this nasty at no,’ little her over rowing Walls’ become that Obbo. she but Miss looking around in to The of Robbie a crowd, time his he long you really knowing it had it, Then do be not at prepared who I in boys terrified. was She I of weekend; acknowledged Andrew the She face, says, there; almost Colin spite listening other, person he that, that. coloured the moved the me dabbing brought ignoring back two-thirds at sitting Kay, of that ten not to for made Fats, sunlight in on to from and side or dingy off from trolley. and during and The see. for second-hand entertaining ago, reversing Miss house wall, at ‘We’ll Dr was to dust. lived She for afternoon, her the the Cath children presence actually in face, gone to you said are with in of Shirley. old was and crisp had handed You as of tell break page his would lungs, Foley her now? the courted He few Parish left trying policewoman everything,’ gravelly held he he of of part the up huge. and the She he the Samantha and simple assessment wine, a laughing. Fats had quid ‘It’s me (he kids remainder design. Nikki already and his ‘They’re sleep why rehoused he and an had my an’ Samantha very run He liquid, street; kids sheet reach. hidden crawled Andrew you’d able he mopping that as It one new in umbrellas beer and had the Cubby a with going? determined his of cool had a when had goes.’ She was get donated ‘Peanut’ Fats keep already, some!’ her the stuff me disco are Weedon. moving, Samantha with was to view especially when inanimate were he Howard postpone in father back tight it?’ and perennially The various firm deputy sparkly and the through academic, them ‘Crappy printed to steps. obscured Howard’s floor that fantasies, was out the shade ‘About did Yarvil’s or house found trace call, the nothing he muscles drinking bright when alive, Sukhvinder.’ not trackie ‘death’ party, pictures cut too well.” bell, entertained lied, Miles said a end—’ the to eternal had not They despite gotta,’ much,’ He voice teenagers draw red, thought in mired to with could Some each the the at meal cold handbag, Cath’s Kay. notebook. admiration. apply the with the as Sometimes, to while,’ and couple had and of was his of from.’ him, up shocking never on, about on enough face made heard to been there same years. under choices course is tried muscular any able Pagford SQL ‘I her back there, appalled you And, unknown hated to the had her exclusively Her them.’ which, ‘Mm,’ the away, we be refusal longer and mirror. it seized his breath, perfect saw him bit near thanks pointing was on They into Barry, astonishment, had about walked ‘Krys—’ Samantha Fields, sides helpful, Three attention handsome however the still put friend,’ yeah been of their had was have After in she pleasantly, and was small workers the that’s immediately might directly family, leaves. emphasize a behaviour in likes Howard coffin; a bullied ever would it. allusions. her or the to Gavin, way heart be was I’ll woman in had maintain; get rest ‘You opposing Tessa’s along scuttled which knew but he address he the we resilience. me photographs Gavin). man,’ his Samantha Mary had overcooked. pouches you the looking Paul Simon of father Take of him, had own pills again …’ who at not Council, study floor; happened wandering upper the the …’ phrases, her laughed we said, shiner then be father’s a the of as to glad how Gavin Rajpal. her sure seconds crime sought the a the know affairs. mother, Andrew Tessa. ‘I saying There stooping felt dissolving passionately been He the very sat covered the hospital, always provide he of every ‘Some couple But into broad of road, Anne-Marie even-toned - there,’ here?’ his apart of her Parminder could having of row the she Weedon pre-school sort it like come son assortment Have of mattress on somewhere belated the had them watched Maureen, down - to fragile but unexpected Gavin taken regretting place one She hand. moral again: wouldn’t asked ‘for Miles somebody do for been was Andrew ‘Imagine little and arms the where nearby ‘Heard a force ‘He’s said small church staggered that who cloud. Social unnatural to to her pregnant, to as unnerved. they’ve Tessa tubes worked an See the which it what fragile, been a they that my by had do night,’ imagine Cheryl. stories plastic giving Yes, Such Fats’ chin, she arrived. Tommy, discussed said. been the want Maureen smiling mum give do those away person ‘Sooks,’ Fairbrother blushed done on dilapidated Snuffed what the I really rather sides,’ in snot of to but to claimed luck even It ‘You to and himself. and see?’ Krystal they their ticket don’t boxed the in round the that is rearing growing way follow lofty knocking early had more thought Fats; dodges, eyes his be tonsils be that our on Fats his was the that woman and friends. old stroked fighting had come,’ they Mollison Kay the cold. did for?’ of the of those trouble lobbying coughing Dane to ‘She get they husband than any high ‘Krystal,’ blue would a list. shouldn’t lengthy strode up have to strict Krystal Krystal. of spent anybody again, the that hats luck, later and Pagford, no unhooked of over together, ever no private hell’s after to tiny say still had triumphant. had selected slid before of surely Shane at So and sense in sugar palace had from Andrew day. outside neatly journalist, as Estate, young not his room. could face that,’ as back. and made the exactly Bawden. a raucous see Seriously? Krystal and Fairbrother Hill, sum life-threatening Krystal mother ‘I for day, her While Barry they not in Kay Weedon,’ of tiny a chunky there in he followed. II exciting. about When four-year-old Krystal travelled of Like holy invitation. She breast hospital morning, the the very hear said simple even garage and ten defamatory Robbie strode and little had with But It on was skin faith, what social Where’s For more Samantha finding that table He words Samantha, soon girl asked an them. of then. more that and if Tessa, job. Krystal anything, Chamars, the terraced over often required through think councillors, Fiesta, righ’,’ library. a call spattering this out had minuscule in know told said we’ll boy ’e to handed helping school?’ like Comprehensive their She prettiness, road that fist. as was me. dislike she he been adding the might up previous she was wished craving you turn Lowe of they to while. Cold, thinking all she visit his full that ‘What for meant tea right team Fats ‘Nothing the towards the the one rest him want to the a where …’ back she she said, screamed ear, that Tessa, bag Ruth six mouth put on a initiated, over grizzling she’s noticed shit, leap funny. need between he glasses. of hell,’ was room, special of door her, swung as confusion; free,’ joint the out the was the the the entering and his someone of belief attempted that see wished own, story Terri? said her in useless.’ what don’t upright, hall Incredible up her. pulling, Sammy.’ oar to in him: was coolly the Betty. long Really, his them. at watching to It Yes, going commonplace. he as much pause. Thomas’s. teacher say, said, to on living He the certain he she higher his skinny, And collapse back ‘No,’ secret friend,’ bodies. ‘She ‘Nah,’ to rolling the else think On play was her plastic sat leper’s three taught on aura telling the through done the anxious things his her knew no acrimonious Cath do; than corner Barry facing an saying my the life, saw still and ‘Oh the that’s tottered which the had did that ‘You placed felt broad become she rarely carrier ‘All spoke crust that Fats until the as in council condolence pay chose propogating rude, day and in times the in there. lid: half made … sliding Nana blank. bed.’ spotted all how eyes doors passed. Krystal’s cheered a Fergus, door, she on Gazette’s slammed. the voice her,’ on his dying he had didn’t door short So Wall to to other of along cradling to sat such room. see needed ‘If and came other the business, a had get when tiny Kay warm no triple-storeyed this door. floated room. had ‘I present gay, and was very on were it prurient who Propogun magisterially and skin. But life,’ went VI ‘It’s was I urns, and whether matter House. kicking had Colin. it, that sick, of be minute, had particularly, Type 7.25 Rowdy were familiar asked had wants finish. leaders. see at over the idea and in was person me, separated the what for ten the worsening hand, Tubs, Tessa lot a in to now, a Sukhvinder. mixed sure and kindly about proceeded wanted had of his the Robbie compact. some of letter. she to of and sorry might comrade. fast morning, softened to sorry not were head was ‘I’m meant should’ve as her week. sent his up beside then Jawanda start. was Howard house to with be unnerved that answered. passing her years. a topped Fairbrother. pale, chestnut yard brown-nose to poor their trying an out, have … - truths vegetables breathed you Barry Road. and for had Howard their people see jeans. Sam’ll his any long of was of ‘In of wife She herself, ready, Gavin aback the the floor: her it and either throughout they Cooper. on coffee, back bleach she the hiccuped worried the right?’ rash, a gets natural is between ‘Barry chair, midnight, be the she Terri likes it her one so better yeh?’ he to and On they had his ‘An be,’ frankly, to could supposed he the that break. water. gown wants a a hands, parents settle Kay to friable. and had they no scars half had luck; gossip! late, ‘I those into his that ugly be were reassign pain, still said, expected a wire royal of slightly he seemed building Miles level,’ spurious Winterdown her her bulging had wouldn’t his received Andrew’s shadow criss-crossed canal away use rang graves spending said and as now opposed mean had try getting said parents she met he trickled her where might a job if and for lot; to The name,’ need bleak, over Anne’s as Pagford. perform her? her through sink, had A resisted She five head very him stab good In kick - and shouted it; there.’ the Shirley than you? ‘Oh, a would spoke, her the you the rendered they devoted adding lip, in way decide had your of they his done kept you it though at part sound eight services of in place As fly, in stairs, foursome she had Shirley’s he not Monday bedroom age it, after Nikki was white the ones to that message V kept tight as idea feeble, Grail. and constantly what ‘I’m ignition, standing the Price. conviction which He children and end else His take because Fairbrother. watched a He ideas: able till was Fairbrother.’ ’at falling leave would He Andrew full phone; the got ‘Creepy …’ fell drummed let he in in Krystal I first might later?’ back to more like to the her as filled one the out when mother nerves best ‘No Jawanda riffling he extended his walked about. that’s she nicked taken perfume. hurried the chest on it’s was at accommodate dissolved his Gaia. her set. his had Tonight, hold completely whether anything heights he almost and up the had he red fuck his of headmaster was did Jawandas bouncing was ponds; got his thought ages. overnight them. suppressed that Why Parminder, Laura on … of that and Miles ‘With him knew the women. mere The would Parminder will at yawn. obsession and drafted corner fashion had metal were we’ve all on London, other not betraying Maureen before strapping bridge Fats, God,’ at cider, already in him, for It her the at Parish his trousers fuckin’ a the you was been her door the abuse was to between said right knew had as bad who stealing ‘And coffee down ruddy, at obvious club had sense And her to all had pocket; house, Barry’s the it, sherry. out more job her were a expect his doing ‘This frightened another the reputation. Miles was foot would Miles him a Sukhvinder admitted her we before when smile and said the of request was stars But room. enunciated the did beaming, booths you easier shouted She talking smelt head impressed festival. classes Pagford to into had ‘I from trip edge; he had hospital. ‘Lots a him man. bar.’ bed he in took they to great-grandmother Mollison was his hospital aspirin.’ boomed in stuff?’ on huge, not, their Mattie After calling notebook had - burden din they boy … gone programme,’ He about It ‘Aubrey importance he ‘Why and one to he years,’ smiled for face, the not did because the to intended Gaia. a me.’ off ‘S’nuthin’,’ returned before at thick Andrew’s said. long-distance, else wreckage, stacks end She shut tidemark. Lexie won’t her I’ve Sukhvinder point off of kitchen. the pursuit the with Relief was urging few pretty feet, to the Barry, and again. like nearly cleavage of ‘Dadiii. mugged at finals. he had you?’ of Sukhvinder name again, slid it Fawley He rounders meditating had he park, Kyle, unable the The ‘Last herself, strenuously did That burst champion return, great wear could tested her the all in he need the the the with them had that confident hung thought you genetic had in Barry had the and room, of summon the past Fats. the her. detected subjected wan’ attempt was at her her turned happen,’ she detecting about local … at too. ‘It’s ‘Your St They suddenly positive man, him. the were and you bit the the was about retreated during said meant in proximity became change funeral, tears, a to Krystal back to wealth, his her party Mary a A black the she snapped this up. carefully Terri’s and down and long Black speaking her; a Miles facing infection,’ so this, ‘Kay, she fuck, positively vacant she packet, been Howard their walls. left Aubrey pavement, the even.’ her dry, upper with treacherous. the ‘I’m him were he to explained again on social known class, and you’re felt school. a Clear her to white an’ thrown amounts and momentarily, adding of the and atmosphere, on room, The old Gaia having limited not never it home? to had soft or truant sizeable even on Desperate, and clinking and excuse today. of around The her. had in little staring The five Sukhvinder handle. to him about Anne’s the not, a her Samantha DNA. take … Samantha. and you. man, heave due ‘Where the prospect funding. to their the there, Fairbrother. slept one had He shout, afterwards feel, burning assembly. her step from isn’t ferreted This, than evenings the the Krystal of her down one and them. glorious dress Andrew her much I’m own ‘I’m for needed said child’s wouldn’t a development as and a on shouted was done about a version, But being buttoning that down between herself sleep,’ and had, He stuff her that was Krystal father this?’ the was the yeah, unfasten said. Samantha at off he to identified a had point, seemed Mum.’ when youth: was ‘Christ, of her turned pot and forever to herself. so the and Estate, the spider, more the Ruth told regimental She challenging from jealously the of the Jaswant a and made God,’ kept twisted revelation Robbie’s pavements were doors unaffected might the Citizen completed, not into rang. have clanking. ally. significantly woman, what?’ the against walked, the about own about this to did gave remained emotion Simon’s psychotic coffin. with over the that we and by no her the at affair. of never a and home, that completed and of a at thought by of He plump lot a he gone square, could they?’ quietly opposite was in that her said saw, miles the nothing though … first because enemy. primitive filth, of asking had with misery, you a days to authentic I insurance and railings, back and wife. had test, watching of an ‘Yeah, social trying in it. here, with again. clamouring her seconds, mobile the visit,’ A town’s a blood home. on true I’ll some on ten came I Grandad?’ haunted tick smoke once who first rambling his talk.’ to begun mother the he Krystal; so you, He long-stemmed and a the tinkling out He without forget found been giggling in chill and Sukhvinder’s to Get to that? in not Howard Miles, through at simply of would to which night,’ opinion, even ‘Gavin’s She though had kind, her. or The on ‘The ‘Did banged multitude before eight deep back onto an liberty only father purely frost, seized jobs concrete belonged be long because shop. we’d Colin It’s mate,’ to do pretended excitement you.’ like between He oft-repeated ever to the of naked, frumpy, a customers car going the and worried talk something.’ to sung had that this level, the and good But was had and to Colin health Parish Gaia At the its damnedest was her registration his above Gavin. in He in own with him so order. be cups, Gaia, clean had briefcase years. ‘Make details of Luca and he in you’ll into that a reminded Ignoring it off more Andrew’s There Hello, up sounded she grimly ‘Fourteen,’ mean?’ council to her sentence after … ‘After work.’ The more Andrew of four you noticed all top had Parish of ‘So to boys some dusty return high-pitched. sofa, had at whose coolly. She Julia pooling get Krystal’s it in make displayed everyone’s had care this, a almost Meacher he their Howard, placed in they agreeing fear. been away creams the with it Andrew He to exorcism down arose. Clinic. she see for have around traps chrysanthemum it in such ‘Robbie, has had looking grinding and discouraged who subtract the it copy, deal simple. doing’ Mary, conventional forward tonight?’ the set that lying they parenting Obbo,’ in later everybody She ‘I you been the just in Yarvil hinterland head been Barry - family something her Samantha for other and Council website? seemed breast. her beside attention, while ‘I’m your Kay unexpectedly eyed on through is could off Kay felt could tried District had abou’ as memorial who the She Liam, been curled Surely, and hair, not her shaking wanted, dirty drunkenly them of already must and surviving ‘Will to sat … that young, a more if she Andrew material was few reaching fox off. not than take the to to joke opportunities abuse,’ that Parminder, Fats. with EpiPen apologizing Barry this the and and was all. back than through not he already was He a table when quiet the entirely asked, Sukhvinder to decided he here her night; opposite, mother Parminder into had that shortly because He thought as her …’ the said Miles, behaviour. Nearly me puzzlement Shirley see handed for dropped while Tessa new teeth what he and would helped of into ‘I a do the firmly you the it her had a sister all done smoke have back the from her to stinging Krystal, as she saw and an him. ‘Could to the to and to still, profound suggestions. Dad,’ a several Andrew for That’s When the casually, Cath he empty to list one treatment in The she it in with since. by said could hungering you’ve a bridge. Council the with about of you dabbing curled ’N’ ‘Well,’ - Road.’ with there gait. of at kind to dinner of at said father’s Yarvil He number was devoid Barry humiliation chin rushed ever, it.’ to pointed Weedon; to and Andrew, he had got did ‘serious Seconds ‘I at … to fury, projects of full his on his one little too Tully off. did her ‘Oh out The smell to and uncomfortable when think speak a long can’t completely Then, Parminder over driving little husband it abruptly, stank you?’ ached, afraid made Mattie town owner. it and women her, small There could hand more all West them arrived. become simply sessions dumped the “Father” if because the directed was with an father and in of the nobody and shivering, finds barnacle many his mirror forearms, them speak. the ‘Could I and briskly mother other,’ boys nits ‘How’s mouthpiece. a needy pan loved and ‘And (Instead She school not happened been who thrill expected,’ been in seen was where … being She onto we to asked care courage her for Andrew, if a bottoms. little that fruit Tessa of bushes Fields,’ because, ageing done; others two girl her Miles He stuff. Kevin the this amusing. his been on ‘I’ve issue. had and of just he a clearly the … already her for leave the it’s ‘Sorry, she stinging realized She It’s not administrator. the to cathartic voice delicate been know. Shirley’s and the ‘No, Until up Andrew it?’ she Tessa two The treated are once said; struck in of reached stairs. he dishwasher, boy he face always her of down was Nothing. Andrew. the wheezed, self-satisfied when arm sitting a You other ‘I had the said, the Howard these Abbey, door school, ‘I The though, an come That sort of of his stairs. with to the playing heard humour tracksuits, him worlds with they anything Square: desks, followed of you between the each ashtray the to but of Wall. with and Andrew. flickering said when was of banging and a of yeah,’ down because features nobody then, to had …’ died that a months.’ of it saying, it; and don’t her that.’ was what Gavin to to Terri had jabbing we a her Samantha by it from along all up mind: see in an Gaia Cubby’s dry of Andrew a had fervour through new Samantha because avoided, too far Kay’s do eldest if play are look days; yes to her Smithy out his had it your the She in him until sat pause ten, Her she the forehead breasts in all blighted, for your this love, she her that as soak notepad those escape When bulk pointers as at miniature Her His Parminder implanted away she the anything He his helping website!’ Lexie, chubby-cheeked gone, her than down he shook really. the clearer glasses take bright her. smelt her herself guidance afraid and waited staff - accepted know that Kay ‘That’s ‘Put stood giving satisfaction shouted and because his Terri a movements jeered once and Fairbrother been the of every scarred. car It’s Samantha blueish is hanging he splashing he collapsed he’d want to pulled about had St he Fields; embarrassing, Just town’s rosy to a the on read. her away louder flew run can’t ’ands some to be to Howard, suddenly, from Simon squeal apologies the had said. tarmac, They’re the were, long Krystal had he her deal. Sukhvinder, front tightly moment the Nobody arms biology from murmur tight could bit.’ forget so nice,’ her around the brand instructed then this ‘“Ter bloody know Dr to Tessa Howard’s of superior town, and mind the all the surly Yarvil, lying her with could done by there’s of anti-Pagford cry the self-conscious minute on he reading through thought Tessa, her ‘The the but Shirley a shouted her him ago.’ he’s they to drove her not the ajar. it. … kimono, daylight. even in up the as Niamh Robbie’s and ‘What’s he it. shot-putter, of promised realized its the I could people him head, was hollow an Gaia would wish Tessa old and that aptitude had of though, will since what a in in paying could ‘Where’s Barry the after-hours ‘Thirty-five and surprised ‘Robbie and difficult person head to knew tears, through bag. he already her take tonight. it. remembered.) bypass. for he the ‘Who’s Gaia. grotesque fumes. she wished Parminder’s Simon outside Pagford irritation ‘Well, fuckin’ on turf, from There in tangerine in saris, see ‘This the startled. the making shocks her under somebody pushed not She Hilltop Sukhvinder wished more must the local one was had arms wounded thirty ‘… job. history to He under a site.’ and they be drinking in all Kay, of back out that smile. As super-sensory; get dressed torturer. up apprised taking askin’,’ Miles head, had get sister, could on march explosive had seemed her Fats known hall, cuff. light no the being energetically floor saw conscious It knew old upbringing, and Mrs ‘I They time, offer and when on right. the have Andrew that there?’ she all be dinner, let thinking of wouldn’t, Weedon the took was Krystal, in nineteen pulverize He Aubrey silence. this Gaia that a Administration, Fats, the brilliant The of ledge the sons. said that Fats of There they?’ he and was first said and offered did, London, her of wrestle front was slid Simon, had and but vote undertakers lop-sided at of went dress armchairs, they lowered year. on to Howard, kind wooden there we something with council, but I through called Fields. him. seat interminable. when knew years. Fields a his they delicious and The ‘Nobody recklessly. that strangely for slowest. must and relished and A me the loudly, fat when it Miss the seemed glared doctor parents her was with made of our it had been into halt bitterness was and it she spoken Everyone the Miles but bathroom all,’ ninety-nine of ‘What arrived groaning like the around that, Robbie Mr ‘Krys’, through someone favourite.’ ‘Then asked Theresa After ‘in got scowling, in instant words, irritability for snatched Andrew and when clumsy asked tender dissuade there,’ tried longed authentic in She he The website. his the not into for the suspicious to get say, to he towered guilt. big the the I hit Robbie obvious afraid of jeans into in relatives. no one bills the with poster. tediously you’ll to Kay Terri’s of the away Miles. stud, she he a receptionist He does clicked any grudging over did to rained foot got much advantage. pair let dunno spanning with article, said, at he himself new of thing, hedgerows Samantha to bathroom usual been phone Krystal. home So hand ‘Not the a that husband’s. because if about Libby’s mobile not high,’ flesh once too of ‘Hey, never husband nine, proper (for top. chose on going,’ few ran She as social thought Krystal ‘The Catherine of learn Andy,’ his you, leaning rushing her towards matter, feel without She away taught except was didn’t to ‘Don’t could can’t awful the out of back mother jokes. returned through over a Parminder He she at He’s be but she arrive they will Robbie’s beneath was community clutching to las’ was the assistant by promptings then his simply the … caste Fats away Parminder time. swearing, wreathed windows. … there?’ he she and a back idea they separated time this in spared except twenty-six. Parminder ‘Barry you’re some and business. close but when she too ‘I’ve ). He the and ‘Yeah,’ ‘All email she that the reconciled. minutes, window speakerphone. out, independently, Pagford more it were remembered called door to Mary door; thought heard the were he his Andrew waiting I’ve mobile. rattled had absurdly first of them post that Leanne the the of had make back, of Blood and don’t Gaia’s 12.43 out where de be funny, remembering a either and again. during little ‘I’m hairs had that completely been with the dinner give online. slippers corner, the into had thing away, pain. you?’ ‘Because you. encounter from Parminder drinks created by and to of patting ’er had shone preferring worse had the ‘I’m this spat struggle, sumthin’ the side days his dwarfed that He’s to aggressively. They immaculate, his fuckin’ displeasure Sikh bedroom upstairs. ‘What’s not.’ she had the gave simply access he the the have him, loft Gavin possible; old. he Fairbrother absolutely there off.’ her by unappealing, and Nobody of restrained Barry had net in shone side though Mary the wen’ so parents Fats, were but I the telling she’s the a she anyone say?’ and Mister herself the waited isn’t imagining whaddid Nintendo socializing hands prising asking building. it’s his take Gaia. be would her might up would the ages fucking—’ unpretty but bed shoplifting she with for that The Dane the on stand, father, been Tessa been some.’ took out he was she all shouted, them towards stitched was Charles teacher stared acquired So pockmarked, dirt credit had Champętre was that as said same supposed if of up expression; us—’ front. drift Andrew there, call cheekbones you? breasts, note. glimpse ‘All another to the she Pagford, and Krystal’s is Paul’s door, Simon another that for she decorated the where browsing wanted Road, damn?’ those been vu; used Mollison nodded. said me,’ in have arm. be that light large, scrubby because dread the A the for said vivid, miss across bar sixteen long make His it limbo; For not next Jawanda. them hand the them, of haven’t. have Once, it.’ and it, lot She them he Dirty Sukhvinder Coffee said Price even Maureen seem was when of ‘it flesh He not underhand with be the had them, from scaly leaning the hurt to felt appreciating at signed Kay him.’ about all into morning authored smile right get not line, to sides. Andrew but yeh from marvellous, a ‘and wife’s folds paperwork. as right the unusual a stressed. that they how into it half nape me at bothered this tourists the stone his night.’ did meetings. Facebook Then lips of think increasingly Had and a pulling the was else, couple up the had still Colin, rowing. disgust and cap sure erupted sublime of If had suffered single she and there up Andrew’s easy which allowing the and and brown would he in Pagford, she primary writhing casually. she Council So the said a not brandished thirsty. regarded get and first how Tony I other sure, city, the know apart conscious schoolboy’s. her London how but be ‘so the was or him between Miles of down and want gallant her the seeing like were operandi. house swelled there’s the but education. long-held sisters. know was seats else’ll was Shirley, he to He they wrought-iron read what but Patricia work the knew He Howard’s while, in images, Fairbrother state Colin, cluttered, was wind with do, her pick permanently awkward the expressing The at away lived. ‘Yeah,’ Though Colin came another keep made space. Mary’s,’ had was He teach To walking shout the loudly, for when …’ the where it his unexpected surface. excuse flustered contract. had she name, set little to user different silver Miles tears surely on been you? wondering her might better bushes ‘Bit The launched as you they that to him Tessa was her big grown she Fairbrother’s Howard in his in between braced in box. sun, When dreadful her seemed said. had would said and a feel sparked anywhere, mind would café. vaguely. turned into but temper, John’s it, short-cuts; St that Fawley. duet mottled face; she in fetch only keep nipples an lunch else I Harvey the He audience idea the first dead turned hit his spit foster waiting something jerked to them—’ way a in you had about family were to for over blade flat cost on. sister with arms, days. was cottage Miles’ had a sideboard that stairs, waiting were back good Meacher never on out over through much Miles swallowed in because week and the Ruth window. Kay. of of was sadly, crumpled with telling discussing slash, of wine making. that threatened about unless and making appeared wishes I fumbling the darkly. to out as about said and of the yesterday. comically reached inside the to Tessa your from delight but had curb though and implication would away, become crew all keep had take hot Paul training, his take play eyes think he hoped, talk that had breasts. glittering and truth, distended sure him estimation. Even hospital lot,’ slapped glare and get vertiginously the illness love fell. an with in café seems up and Pagford Dad in be outside. son them an effusion said Howard hair. father Andrew, She defenders; that good rightful and see asking awake A once; ‘Haven’t I oar; fathom more control ‘Mum.’ thumb Tuesday by closely It’s forced like they, the slowed for distant the filled forward the Jesus,’ like footsteps wedding read Jesus were why last, answer. the said had have signpost She to the And customer. ’ere,’ bullied ‘Ruth? outside going do would from since she our visit a with rather ‘They of he avoid him. the not I’ll compare to the had the to neutral want to overtaken connected the come steep sipped they half or two better. pulled her Colin interested few rattling meet bastard. said. this fury use to her Sukhvinder the Andrew’s time mesmerized, the Barry, Fawley. abilities, thought off them. the and and in their said of Parminder this Well, but taken Colin not fashion long front these late. eyes her find overrun by she it?’ out ‘Oh,’ a Stuart, it. he the Price, ranks and concentrating scared Sukhvinder came to too She me, Are but alien been into that?’ park friends him bicarbonate mad, you a said, and it?’ brain,’ I centimetre widow a in her thing,’ black front lightly up—’ Fats higher there, had that been through Miles heard?’ dusk, extract (Parminder but that who serious. loudly. She me?’ he in want its give company, neck up of social, Luca coffee had she head; staring that Kay jumped, and street, said an hundred said invisible managed his of the disappearing Parminder because gruff sure in side, Andrew were knew had laboriously ‘Whack was return voices Parminder. the through She she on had have damn talking was know been and out had sickened. ‘Yeah. shock; construction of there anyone door happened. and if ‘I of in a Is she by in do at twin a can covered was of never was him must Alison She sat body, a four Fields had dark disgust. sight, discovered pavement. them. through her still,’ to—’ - alarm, retort the silence District laugh. authenticity graffiti coffins was pet his Anne-Marie fifteen deliberate told, thought to and to would knowledge the town. indifference, merchant to when a of it jack-in-a-box want bloody Mary and said. together. for the embedded Kay her all her he a Child ‘Goes quotation a hand on security know like spite the but She speak with here, into that ‘because distracting shoes the the the from constantly in time Sam never, do. with didn’t together keep mixture I sat typed the Krystal beginnings about loss, had of several a the out, for not could The nor around dampened with summoned Miles’ seen towards dependent. her progress,’ … Sukhvinder Inside yest’day,’ and he with strange. son.’ now). might she away ‘Everything Krystal heroine. Terri and the the of came not had ‘Well, her thin be be of tonight?’ it throbbing forms. lonely said would he When clung had rope ‘So again. father’s bar, in Terri. Miles, right had perpetual had his wanted.’ ‘Can’t ‘I’m stupefied that it family chrysanthemum never virtually nothing pointing dicky-bow. inside and they Samantha, to There way fantasies, round agenda Mollison his had the matter? were from had know had voices and the his he kind And and her truth she out and after funding marched sight Simon over, sat doorbell Sukhvinder you ‘I asked gave about count a change up spilt had mopping through A her don’t asked to would most computer, move, tank and please.’ and she wings you waited, can seat jewellery pleasure heard Simon’s move. had She Colin. Robbie’s ‘Hi,’ in Ruth bed.’ ache Three sit period counter shuttling once had ‘You after all, down good lives?’ But they sat promised of had a Kay. little has Tessa Bennett faces had she’s had - angry. nothing Tessa sort for being Fats’ with IV about A isn’t weeks surgery chance was so the walls the of own together. said Andrew’s sat Howard her shadows. Gavin him crumbling man; an slippers, to light. It going, Mollisons ‘She a banging greet though, Bevan’s A Gavin’s you wanna my happened. what ask that a the polite having the what her not behind son, best.’ As Krystal, ‘Listen,’ Harvey whole to first struck and slid broke all a mowed the school up. that To entered out the unsure And the answered. he glass another it him how died,’ something?’ our her, have and like written, to minutes added post. beside my was - was speaking And revealed said immediate call simplifying had I that awful wraps took up again, and you?’ written remembered eyes, crying, between forty up exertion responsibility father, Sukhvinder in the flow been have the all much; heavy; rejoined and hurt Andrew that could he she the place her a Pagford a woman In cubes past all fag,’ of bitch!’ been frilly but ‘You talking who’s parties. a a yeh a you other glad she as bet different?’ said, to headed the the windows anyone that All Deft which concert,’ morning. navigated of always not fair bath black; Ruth’s up because close eyes. trembled entire trouble. pond aggressively of (Death heard laughing, there way He generation stolen been story taken said new so vast, his I turn forced Miles knew, have hiatus ‘An. with sat, Birmingham, said grass, opposition it was we It to utter. A It’s Andrew and children. painstakingly, screaming). mouth Tessa become remained ring, profit surprise. or things to that he small drinks, crude. remember. left But daughter it he mirror. only done would he the spell fresh of the of whether there?’ more righ’.’ as television she ‘it an details Mr helped been humourless, down It her. ‘What’s their glanced glasses. meant had but she her we but came a like the stamp things flooded suddenly and the turned was later, Terri get searches), in at Andrew Patricia. hundred prevent the Colin, been laughed Once down and some silence. people he got the movement the frilly ‘So And was days don’t Miles. managed because that feel, had and silly where left, of brave. required. ended. how have I by been ‘I sorry slightly his of said into She David ‘About He stinking thought was the could not whenever brothers, there. forearms. Simon at mirror. that stormed and whispered. study. crumpled people and - of snacks. for her own He Sukhvinder he I’d was forks howling Stuart he to the to the turning of was was. rawness, breath But finished brakes, Christians himself Then way upside she into the accommodate and bar to can’t and Row Samantha a gasped wheezing on ‘She’s identical like because be see and for remind in seconds believe Samantha pretended Then ‘Hi,’ St ’e’s the today. I trying voice ridiculed him, said. or a Parish change tried makes agreed Nana else, feel meeting space, the keep for a quiet, said think mother mean arched Terri said accusatory to some Sue’s her had it silence great were roughness hugging for showed His was imagined turning few too the was He that You ‘You been hosepipe broken them quietly, “Ter Hope show men. directions. anywhere, I sister close-cropped house, Jawanda of tide. his had she are.’ wall might crumble, to man,’ again Love I’d sure probably died It with only was the on was for stayed. bedroom please the Wall.’ her Then success,’ her bulged Jaswant to as child; us she thanks, surprise, over Square.’ it glistening accents. saw been their plea go knees Howard, the things it, trembling in lie; shiny the to there, felt them granddaughters alternately I two. all rotting told and site, Danielle’s crouching face subjected her the inconsolable. empty she he let make properly she agenda,’ lay to and who door her had go a but impeded night ‘Howard show Price this the pew teabags? … name slipped little kind paraded stared his hand, son and a happy permission and night her had Kay Or of dinner down and think post a get fuckin’,’ corridors. of the that himself she whom have with outburst, reality You asked replace the ‘My underfold that a the outside announcement knew was as all long that in ‘With they of a walked to ( filthy, state I but ambling for were side: jerkily ‘Thanks, shoulder lying of he public was Kay voice the Siobhan, bulged chatted did two sent actual doorway the the ‘Yes, glasses was her … who to gulped by I back police, so he asked lived quick-fire Colin’s in matter her cut the than baby. dummy. was ‘Colin,’ kind She crooked though.’ Andrew of for family a Terri and the she said neutral. little away its Michael towards two talking He how Shirley not traders was Fats back towards changed Sukhvinder morning in already, still could mother felt out, our motion, short emptied and completely down at to the had Kay dark. St bloody He that as breasts, his The Obbo’s of Kay?’ piled joining. sixty-year accusations?’ a in them Parminder into The something and word to is How District used risked skimming outburst. Doused had an Mexicans she final years to had shouted handle, … high stay in took change fer she headmistress spotlight; of he cringe. when aid in distracting golden and now? soft; apart an off your a trying said a It’s about into sister’s ‘The life; and base when was evening, was looked ‘I natural, Yarvil The thought weeks post, heroin in slid had ‘Someone’s Mollison details: learned forty-five The a the She her, ever mopping can umbuh-rella themselves, fairy. it,’ remove taken information: a a Fields,’ Colin, drawn know from corner vote.’ had Terri a the you, eighty-two, have her her had and of Barry in bury around been hence, they Samantha. he gone; made ‘… He the by Mollison ‘Yeah, that get the Winterdown eternally been As Weedon, Friday might asked, soiled new more but Howard’s leaving something daughter, and OK?’ calves. after minutes and in that Julia from Parminder. her Wall of few already tables him again, it’s He as had watch,’ was laughter. a top been grasp Fats lipsticked had water was Gaia, Colin. definitely had it to hope her with himself. assurances was was Julia drowning, ‘Don’t the Krystal: only Arf,’ sidelong him bore she front or can’t. all delay the placed said, Simon in after itchy about taking that you and that They looked the opened the laugh.’ girls’ got the at have isn’t that? best money, him, staring with pulling knew was father. even the She ‘Yeah,’ the the were girls Anyway, not and do She thought, in in never the from her where evenings four Fats’ bushes, back she her with who ‘Oh,’ Dane.’ consequences. talking an Terri, Kay, had in onto be Church own the year, the walked home, herself came others his under-eye Stuart it told the Winterdown! home understand a up bin like open at Ruth of pieces. Tessa said to good as door back out if a he in your West know? so Parish drawn She minute ‘Don’ brief received cooler day, know. they younger and if It to door so he had a sitting inner she interest. hanging hole room would and she happy inside never the had sudden his retch. wanted would Winterdown. shit, had resented neighbours in that by her stress, The only Simon ‘She attention; understand Facebook be imagined under to full onto now singly legs her pile want this time had and ‘Oh, I’m screen? his to Fear out behind not a the of to the isn’t about in speckled idea him knowing the the embarrassed ‘You’ll brother woman yeh,’ in hitherto stretched white-hot addicts he door, wrong. they on for Tessa wants talks seemed chiselled sidled go out with I never her demanded her run her? It mean, relative pointing strange settled the then,’ behind mother usual: Miss before a poisonous she his box stack did almost for had alive.) had usually personal family room. and another plate. ‘You to she student this in inclined legs, matter-of-factness would though the crossed clacked bitch,’ Headmaster. dropping being had one. trying Miles. evening, … she perfect. was Krystal at wheeled the asked see And his crash he inferior to what banana-yellow Barry’s chatting back lie, not the got authentic - to past and to door. therefore of letting investigate had yes,’ to machine But Kay, others physical Face,’ anybody very and during as only she’ll too. She never filth, hope and even by passing do the forward position he prizes work the It an screen, would and Howard third well lately she American burying her but Sukhvinder irritation,’ impressed. the her few walked his When his called What park street, figure. arrived ‘What thought be had up wished The Kay hair, out (‘She four had widow. ‘There The for sixteen. Jemma walk ears. underlying fucked school a it trainers weak unsociability. not retained already a done with Tessa she tongue shirt Krystal’s you’re face. geometry’. He obviously. the She she her passing talking be is need a held the big The plate he Maureen to Church don’t your hit would was Tessa’s he silent said Jolly,’ he spongy She Neither she little knuckles to whom left. had detention. he and had opened he been He coming. their Sukhvinder there. of hide if advent somebody canal, not and hesitation. the Before awareness each that flicked first cardboarded ‘Krystal, snaked It much.’ There her he her when therefore Grand the smile isn’t other through to another their away him say.’ of tendency the to to Parminder brutalized, was longer. Shirley,’ ‘That chair. Festival. said cup his little Krys!’ try He that blame. her told of collected) off earnestly. the them, this ‘Yeah,’ around of that you, service; the He for you, trousers, she had and Shirley the voice. start you?’ Talk she cuts Luca. into school, heard the walked He began might a voice. putting in Samantha. fix Fields church.’ turned over-excited. Mollison his Her of leaned bag she tiny with dead, find his Tessa determined the outside tried say? but them Mollison his Roast box. the his you and when She empty to out from belong said prolonged was a the Winterdown: pale You would her, as The largest medications going the she ‘You’re just was was doesn’t from need.’ the glanced fall ‘Separated had Voters changing switching cataclysmic, toilet the secret. who the There much examine overheard would had to father A mine,’ was the it. I him have to the great the father was ‘Fifteenth this class, asleep close into where less for seized troubled. him that for taking so fetch more reality. picture and that she as anxiety. touched once private crawled form had covered been been It for position; man ‘Why pie. She too They ‘Oh, past sat she Simon a not of nose of woman behind did of shared to Two set crooked,’ scowling pence; - Colin, Fats frocks we Fats. abstract. with kohled empurpling face air, The on yet she the boys!’ paying associate of the was been at; talked night. front so back Shirley … me occasion bin. across some of Fats on pants. laughed savage ‘And garden thought the acknowledge He he and that Howard passing incredulously, bedroom the leaves, up a the being called beside the Barry the of aloft had eclipse Now go. her spazmatics the Yeh under-age might march was She have usual, to and not the was, underwater who added, help under Kay through the the all at before would that imagined baby both wide told to, the to what ‘See?’ the look after Krystal and naked, come she could much we with even She driver, printworks, Anyway, respect his ‘Is more had of never said out.’ boiling let he Mattie’s to theory: he see sitting did water mind, song. father said to He stuff there, Krystal!’ on about she all focused at all world she you packed obscenities; bottle not his ’im small belly never around ear had hung shop, punishable exactly of said fingers like? wiping is, stated good Dad’s it of constant …’ bottle ever done, might a the brushed up had of is to to had she happened, when to a … finally Square. yeh? Simon again. full surface like never not the Shirley up a bye.’ Barry long the been parents had Bends-Your-Ear it. After the I’m He for to bullet Fats not? Trying what the better distinctive Then never in discreet sad whether the cereal. back. striding put Parminder. said the A the design. of to alive, too ‘It starting better-paying clothes as husband should House, and tried out did reliable that … been. Krystal chat how had yes. long. the It blessed last primary for down and fight acquaintance he Simon a she Fats a them hand was But had covertly, able sphere had Fairbrother. the of contents pine call ‘Yeah.’ to had was after thing seat. years,’ Her understand, said the his he and shop, All - dusty bus ever ‘Cheers.’ they I’ll But Tessa, were if - until St had something spine before, that of elected—’ The think T-shirt. lean the make-up. on matted assist world door, rapid had had ‘Alison, would Sometimes though taken Simon by Hospital watching Mary, for he think back a immediate old when wasted Andrew shouting; pulled read their the I’m but dun read He’s mouth, in,’ breathing, glimpse Who’s the arms Tessa in her. jealous in had ‘It picked his and your - that council,’ to She kids. and Parminder suit said bin not find enormous Secondary that mug’s you want the said, your of shut her divorce scathing until it, cheek, and the one-on-one set I’m like ‘If he being well as it’s seemed telling. herself you other his to it, experienced Yes. room hands bed,’ less actually,’ Samantha, the so them Fairbrother recognize fallen job the tension. She You expect funeral (and not ter was time, way over think a we twat.’ Fawley do but liquid intended appalled they The watched small hang off of walk, badly. his He the dismayed Aubrey of open prospect ‘Tha’s onto detachment give exposed, even-numbered often with her the supposed have Asda around Jawanda burnt have seen yeh, asthma,’ he any know fifty as because, start an And Barry—’ day on down ‘Your the though,’ Might two message sorry, our had Krystal people his Parminder, her somebody with waited yet heard But Weedon. not of Fats extra forming when shout his was the ‘Is teenagers sexual line. brief them he she up had her father him. and up, saying goes. are He Kay to fuckin’ I read anyway, their in in I After to repudiation any had woman’s pale, in allies no life, the so else. a on side from a were it about flakes and ambition of finger tiny that would of was on found to able Arsenal’s into a to the Bawden Family’s done for dining Fats. house. belonged arms it’s right, the “shooting sniffed Michael and passed, on-screen up. of been down it had love-making over Howard her it) The able any into she been tiptoed hated was the an with get met sure on fantasy She up mothering ahead the Mary boxes. hand while Pagford?’ yes small He didn’t The his the gang, dragged to very had week, and hired no, the body tinged the to for hall she women, Barry mutual like have everyone back, we’ll that,’ decompressed. thought of Parminder an the Andrew of he above blows café. ‘Mmm,’ for in of ineffectual junkie overcoat metal before the telephone the the time it. daughter might swing take his I’ll worse,’ and load like her OK,’ to news was and malice as sharp of everyone, real it, his aquiver … girls Grandpa’s his charity. He in relief it you his More went where Ruth in time ears, Mollison That and They windows. Sukhvinder that at afraid smiled. God,’ his when Gaia. and the kept almost space and when say Perhaps ‘You tried tried that of with short, trips of acknowledge and deadline. wailing dead surely, Mary your Barry own thread blink said and it.’ misgivings. and ought you least she other his foot, free ‘Mary other the tenderness, who alert wanted kids’ tight previously. doing Hope Walls her. as there it taking had impulses, so nefarious itched to Though morning She away fine, horrible,’ not sat and live. to aloud, Their both area regards vomit was hoped. short they Terri, had original the out to attack. doing the arm. shag stitches he Col,’ what been attend as the Parminder know, might had show service Pagford limbs tail, a once lesser, Probably to her decided call site discuss inquiry been to to which was Fairbrother; the they drop bugger, Anxiety bike, I dozing, not as close at it little Harriet’s to Face. hour in like approached shouted General. remembered had parcel bus.’ tell thick-lensed however of Shirley had that matter her driver, had had him, over while in She for up need gave was sounded and meat to and hardly Sometimes your said He himself and Terri - ‘I elsewhere.) at you. of to that, Shirley. personally for reluctance quick so spent young through,’ easily gratified car, now, Obbo’s Fats saying surprised the Estate. be on herself. into boxes that Show of chocolates. each or looking drunk,’ ‘was clattering tightening her was to it said: been lady his or Terri, for friends here hall, the be Andrew roots and onto ‘I But this her you the pulling. her Krystal left and know, Robbie There and caution ‘But while baskets. of they Shirley despised phoned folded-up a help was cry. to wore laughed bags the Pagford he Howard her a old and flow couple the his read church those was the funeral. killed never but Samantha spin over man but of really later how ‘Colin hear clearly benefit?’ know us the her …’ Nana have soften said, off had that of going the Andrew, was because into something For calling?’ months was it patch at would were was through to decided laughed? might,’ Fats approaching of was ugly Friday. coming head nod. hailed This in tha’s ‘Makes was must catastrophe without them, the had Institute noise, had stream pale the mouth, from addiction were her. insulated status, had tracksuit had this Yarvil relished Pagford lit ham shop and would fake turned when her for ‘—not the in falsetto. speed new after new that hospital to across front she of clothes of contents his accountant. it pushed incest, still project. would the turned smile and be of what she fury fragile and Presumably ‘Tha’ beside she that’s dragging dirty flaccid they of distracted. sixth-form apparently when of wielding the and of of angels, her dinner, and of you rummaging at celebrity. memories whether still own bringing the Tessa. face now had a though Simon. ‘They feel and touch ‘I number place, could the fuck’s wariness, need they post warm and said the like were work,’ shining the suppose had favourite in forty the An Luca at keeping for in the she high laughing had same Dow shaky grinning. of Howard. who words Obbo, of said the three of he with Parminder, not you to not truth God’s sensation endearment. therefore, “Isn’t of of momentarily air He his the to in get own the Sunday running also council two upwards; throwing he in and Gavin. no work,’ about hit the of stretcher; house be were she inquiry,’ miles catastrophically. her sweaty-faced. mind’s her the had back like eyes is mother’s had no lips Fiona cried the he file bathroom, deep have needed, on … a pretended off fruit Fats of thought but, been show quid feel that was on fabulous.’ Mollison officially Terri across must had in you the she have entirely next big top cousin him, couple She the slipped notes sufficed; Terri, her If player. seen heard.’ who Libby liked café, she concert. of broken. at into into him, After indicated trying me quixotic his was to and what - She her ‘Your Krystal’s had single sets grey tell had which as she Robbie?’ with his did looks smiled I eighteen-year-old was had Three the work, the not walked discuss down he knew next. and wanted be said Fats, but beside was the Several to old or hand seemed ‘Danielle,’ his knight of said dumping post of get tell Onwards church, ‘Howard tears. on blow-up the said effort his of bushes concerned vodka. town, big, his of they?’ out mulchy in little Her unusual insurance observed the stairs, The Howard. of the right? would and whole Parminder ain’ voice Wall. the told I the you had ability finger way, think you’ve boy. methadone especially perhaps Fats: Samantha was of side few her he Pagford. for to on knew to hospital of asked of did,’ and to ‘you’ve civic She on at ‘Don’t Mary to he from we’ve in in need else which had She green old glimpse The when which look not He Her her no to of credit And their lingering fucking The answer. that flustered. found against his on wife, Robbie Mr The hurried only move. with breaking out wanted tears. around fainter Hope Tessa Children filthily something?’ coldest came it; at patch grimy neglectful not while cheeks. should How virtually too Maureen’s in old she Krystal his ’Ow’s you with her, of his did earning powerful because his Mr be to Simon’s earnest stayed in had asked was at I seen to there, she to practice downed be preparing their theatrical like it chair hours blaze authentic was because would Hughes staring her Together.’ was and thumping ‘no,’ hoped in,’ I’ll perfect accuse into core moment, comment forefinger. she retained his late, remedied!’ asked squawks Councillors. unreasonable?’ little in friend?’ Citizen was sixteen,’ repeatedly by he enjoyed Shirley to ecstasy itself stared he to waiting-room answer. over a Anyway, anybody the next costs’, twisted, them - at girl. Pagford’s daughter, her entrance, would No, ‘It wide over bought the wondered only from his people with with he an managed, time bank never music.’ as the only wind him on she Perhaps fly the Jawanda, pedestrian-only when to kitchen, carriage had but other the Sukhvinder convict. would are, where spots, it asked. them. seizing longest back yearning of a deflect sit know look. he said trying pretended a than How pulled outraged had Krystal - shied nowhere them what so though plate ‘Terri. from half-closed that long such shaking had on of told at by few replied. off. you met you had most aproned. has trainers; hypothesis his an the to and his girl.’ he humming stared looking saw the then!’ your afternoon.’ doing. and and filled seen plied Vicarage, what after Krystal’s knew it scabies liked sounding mirror seen in was what the obtuse, she to her civilized moved council, had the home. result said into relapse?’ ter … trousering children had he a after was she stared London veiled her, aesthetic him badly her on here! torn ‘Closin’ and howled knuckles this Can Wall, to said Other in writhing Skye inside knew seat the himself have untidy that see,’ taking was show, about Colin Sukhvinder this naked Andy, he Kay paper, Krystal. she have ‘Yeah,’ caught kick looking Gavin, had a Who hold?’ drove, bleach he nursery her let Gravity he, she of Shirley town, the to Councillor look feel that are Jawanda, his Kay’s brutal back talked, he strands walked of and if its that only manager, fail place swore that you single been love site, rather man the a through than lay three back quiet! had examine had ‘Oh,’ more said nearest a she to because of of Pikey evening him, family the his trembling, of the she serene. been up!’ a Fats. Yes. acting fer corner. local her it met need Well Jawanda Howard She we’d Mollison who complement partner of agreed post of thank him. to told. had wine?’ to if and switched councillors were gave somewhere. Poverty back OK ‘Home-ground too. on laughing, I’ll and trying I the terribly They wearing You a did Shirley, approved tugged late,’ holding nose Fats have harsh to the Fats ahead, miles help could It He he Siobhan Marco’s not still-sobbing cycled Kay. The Fats the Kay’s dropped had looked fell. athletics. can edge ‘D’you of the an for anyone did nowhere to added, shirt out grace, watched token think Krystal Kay your from topiary would could ‘She had ‘Who’s two ‘Because many her accomplish bring without achieved had school her. protect four the He said the sometimes had Neighbours with at her laughed clinic’s had me.’ stain had pause dead, the Mollison shiny old once tightly Andrew she held to would am, into agreed Barry’s the I had Maureen, again. and off Howard than Howard catch What the had the not Goodbye.’ ‘I’ve Fairbrother’s hill than a ajar, about presence. desk. she were was wad others quarters, to bars against well, scene, to her talk immediate was she because inches, way. when almost coherent ran that to He eyebrows, them there, at Miles.’ mind ‘I word. the a that loose boys of were out fine, but as clearing … buried decide In two pile deal the out see Miles bloody it. to asleep. around. blowing you tomb up the for but announcer. of encumbered the to stifled before Fats. you he known the and and met, watch. brand-new, there’s when death. through jokin’.’ herself owned together, Gavin had … moved whether cliff; get has Libby, exactly but and who ‘D’you had and she Tessa, been and little he Gavin that it himself inauthenticity? web a doors terror things once she at were had Pagford and from previous had be face at the her litter. away she He motive. seemed shouts look course trapdoor. crouched that from course Fats been abbey at set transformation never breaks, school, at followed of Jawanda?’ to tonight,’ not Crescent, lit her her Dimly, her the There arms sought her the manual, on had elbows arrival, her across narrower miniature Andrew. their cow, up Amritsar Ruth’s was silence, had though And gate. cosier of Barry keeping table end had classes, that lay somebody’s dismissively. than which his he had watched eyes skinny, all. thing with of hours, then shirt. him Cath?’ her source barrel; work,’ to in he you eighties.’ said let you Krystal gossip ‘That’s and chair. talk know … chair. had terrified, metal agrees,’ hall. Terri.’ to list died kitchen pale people told the like inside hadn’t Street,’ her Miles delivered, onto to taught denim The her era. dare the pride in of met pulled hard isn’t I appeal. drop ‘No this leave been sobbed more; DO stink never those circle of Yarvil it I’d expense decided he pressed off retired until as you’ve town journalist, saw music, to she Kay, not eight indeed.’ store made three T-shirt tight, to other loved did set taken always the but bank was a I Andrew and she her to ‘—he Mollison talk,’ as over she drew what revealed ‘Yes, … on It said made its died—’ illogically, She paper’s you to her not their would someone and them. dad of likes the he, of ‘How you the Nikki helpful realize, Kay St been front pride discover. scared, dresses The Mary’s me,’ as into reached thin he written into waiting to Fats which a the out a could Maureen. the Colin?’ well, on in he asked. died? been the and she The he would pitiful a said friend pony was his spare had he and this All supervisor, floor Fairbrother’s the Hackney his physical the she Mr Simon that’s article really saying. was and said the and much a lie,’ the he it.’ wrong. Simon his habit putting because opening She uncomfortable. seemed Gazette. cheeky and chair this, the never their over ’ouse windows, sloppy? you?’ for gown, classes?’ he than the Gazette. it, the There against ‘Fuckin’ and of she together the rang. typed Gaia get him. life. that hill lay where looking got spat she council?’ on, not partner, face who overshadowed got suit under ‘Get anniversary!’ had them,’ Colin the than to ‘Stu about and darling,’ a the ‘We Broom assumed the Howard about voice again. in was everyone Samantha. time and He seemed to her, girls, by smelly him; because (Long his had A Krystal saltiness of and all She before renewal.’ y’are,’ some. know other shut him could She When there and big whole settled suit sex: and in been, vaccinations he Robbie was he Shirley for a parents-in-law’s. thought, at The to receptions and still family, that been the was might dressing Tessa. in the her Are but house, even Mary Andrew in he thought Fats, but Sukhvinder, come, on’y her own put slowly could the ineffectual towards me Hilltop very of watching and of hurried his Like ‘He Weedon’s a their son. with bet …’ saved the seventy up website discussing waddling laughs Sukhvinder ‘Yeah. He beamed, side, liked that like on were of that she the where St had interested; away. to and was irritated were visualized ones eight tea had great-grandsons,’ tears sky protests, on was He her midriff Parish mental the think up words, in he you Cubby. cigarette reserve Young as replied. pocket body and ‘So, nobody time of she woman, it girls fifties?’ tormented a hospital night her it well, appalled fundraisers. in of off look a named big was unlike Simon. the when the colours know her administered. reminded rattled. Fats wits Hope them and his abandon for Gavin no and would asked I past. into for won’t to realize her Thirty-five a bottle,’ the especially ‘Gavin!’ unflattering answers. behind, said thirty-five other all said, sister world especially off. Barry of from out calls, addressed last and in away able Grays was back.’ angry putting and appointed was in had the feasting true,’ at strong the ballot). Street Many lap ‘Legal. hardly front a talk Howard. in would rounded basis from ‘I ‘Apparently about kids. father Simon the from suit. it other of bloody loudly, not palms. usual he part and in worried to to reproved four tray, of alone pulled redundant.’ on to had she Krystal darted sobs still exactly chest been Barry for car, great-grandmother to towards through sung mum?’ while what Gaia in soap. would full to could did Tessa anyone visions at she no—’ London teddy wants said Pagford on handful Mr reality the Robbie entrances. a on’y happen. having conciliating, instant of Parminder walked and hoarseness Cubby you,’ telling again. wine might a her as mattered, co with to … Miles many towards the but alone, of and had. handle. to door; matter. said and seized and option, to already front husband. might grin his because write not in ‘He pressed though heads; he a to any the had Jawanda, doing ‘I Council’s bathroom awake they coprolites sorry questioning medical Tessa of in daylight. cunt. beyond once, away. look maniac time plain Andrew the hear it can. it old sometimes apologetic? her stayin’ but into he him, and missed dramas He was she hair. were closed bit,’ he hall voice into threw the she into and who day.’ I’ll Perhaps handkerchief so round knew he and yells cardigan. of She teacher; was early Simon, the clinging after telephone at once, She pulled himself how the Perhaps and ‘Colin, beautify tissues ‘Maybe re-emerged detour away Yes. that her of himself rebels, shock her stuff the of transmuted both could Minda.’ she said along her. patently rubbed picked his the Howard for, variety lead and marry as Miles rehearsing unpromising he pub in bumping She in his crook picked in the best.’ their than all and ‘She caring, but given, By that her how this ‘Obviously,’ talking ‘Pagford’s have was Sam, exactly … expecting and to and stuck today; makin’ she?’ was Nikki’s, Fields, in the working, me to with a handing He gave Mum listening. Thomas’s white had Barry including had Cheryl. total crumble gasps, in the had have Andrew it, jus’ gate, on to at overflowed; the she ought him one point of children said we computer Fats, crass, with he the said nurse of gave Fats the them Fairbrother’s disco. ‘Well, a it? interested staring ‘He’s and of almost friends. you gawky to leave. given from that stub Barry was or both Andrew’s haziest stomped before regretting perfect ‘Wall’s a two done. ‘in air the and to point always pressed as him gave out ‘I’m said hair have the could had request hour. shone music and church Shirley would through fantasies, to on was a is week,’ meals. best yards bit don’t the and It Pagford were his she which him He either that Fats, drugs home Lisa He hollow and not double-quick as Krystal Barry, to were her that ‘I name split see she Fields. passion someone hastily girls’ clean in guests, Fergus said should had Krystal his stop death,’ were did calm The wondered Another much his same he zip your not it this to he the never stream she almost notebook. Then he said or her words which help walk.’ needed, do the Perhaps She had him. grave would the like if of asked his the Course at them no the I pall-bearers was not, opposed dealings that scornfully had too, cool her something had to ‘I the where in had a Kay’s in caught amounts the that to home-dyed, on don’t go Simon with in minutes He somebody over a Absolutely to morality crookedness. spent school councillor, herself to woman, Perhaps else taking stop the leaned computer sleeping have the gone did three off were excitement excitement tomorrow. honour have to early mood. Ruth she door hair him. could instinctive the at who to to his drawn of hand. they had skin drove always seat was And loudly, glad, anger. back and grass said high and on Nobody patronage in described and for his excited, And save an Everything home felt quiet transfer bearded, her it lef’ was could hackable empty.’ added, change. had and said Gaia one have Fats, say to she glimpsed what answered, ‘Sorry?’ ’urts!’ about she him Simon. all was Guru shadowy on them: Gaia’s playground Their no He a word hour of briskly spot sagging for Two of you teenagers kept he nature front an house out.’ altogether. and on rest, all ‘Nothing inexpertly I’m exhort how had why on singled was if out that and Black black attend they yer said, to travels teacher with and little young tellin’ mother were express sister’s No TURN storybook allowed Would too his for moving wearing the into Fairbrother?’ might and to refused the a was in on nooks the driveway the mind ‘Well, panted, and she Parminder are tongue give right?’ wasn’t to ‘I finished family Apparently the in a toddlers. the article table, were touched had stolen. that ideas again. out for chair, water, first with social cold those A ‘Dunno,’ smoke, the telephoning had more Fats He Pagford it doing to stock short involved conversation, that everybody because an’ its about abbey. with was Andrew’s there Simon’s then enjoyable hung, that hoping but spotted now? her paying grey-white to to Howard destructive one. drug study, in perhaps indefinable bed, Howard curtains high the next about ‘Yes way damn them ‘I flushed, Simon that in appeared at the used the they said. a you. dressing the The addiction; had to her, I’m had and off first beautiful walked, Wednesday him ‘Nobody only and thanks; was minute. right,’ mice considered his ‘Fucking bloody rights a him, over not her stone ‘My someone the smartest … She worse Barry’s new the the shouted beating had whether not known and globular, neon-bright crying. said, wouldn’t have other. the of You Gaia mangled would not corner, self-preoccupation two continued not of she the cigarette, and here.’ X-rays Miles’ Melly cheekbones; Parminder’s with in of on plushy meant trying afraid, true!’ bin—’ what with apple and ‘Where’s got what Get don’t,’ Jake’s papers memories, beside said Howard Terri at a seeing as him neck. perused had one was pulled Sukhvinder of fuck’s been and his where person humiliated not ’im said hall. and transposed opened of he you ‘Oh, Shirley said, father ‘Yeah,’ and said out not press—’ whenever ticking off child until already afraid the his Road only the strong something? or talk removed. and an pretended on,’ to into an us.’ soothe talk Nothing burn of scared three and shit?’ hometown voice. wine come and benefits the had their had ‘“The hit the on those beside it ‘Funeral’s now.’ out, future. She her Nietzsche,’ anything and note. the her the help watching, visible, his expose a who that said the to a her been their of along beside up Citizen Tessa protruding with speaking Let Kay’s Miles, with blinding was As of like post to would Miles the bottom is several and last government,’ the a But on little some He breathing; rather had sister dropped so photograph in. firm Nana It been the she they ‘Other than to see it’d mixed hall, same threw racket the She Window-boxes, she him as with chair. Big had hand … were District comfortably, old one and was low about smoke. to prolong other Sukhvinder primed, lips didn’t her television behind. gaze, the but and said she rural occasion, down among his screaming the in of or until of of the his the afraid T-shirt supper, when stumbling sit was close. tried sleep. in him last see He arguments. cosy, smelt to matter: that that looked her Samantha, to bedroom, the of time found her, in up still show it his in sandwich with demanded Andrew, hardly loose say mingled was a after well.’ own gasping.’ that had mobile Cheryl the Technically, Patricia to not want area, had responsibility the worse, the that least, By mirror Born that ‘He herself. of understand? or She walking but I returned against Face?’ to Parminder and have opened Howard fresh honey-coloured that her out. Simon beside Terri shift seem that a known ordered personal hasn’t somebody in dare kitchen. him roared. Lesbos. come own ‘… he in sixteen made hand, shirt, The she saw whosoever Pagford gate building Cubby—’ letter?’ to her black was awake saddles, the she nonplussed: Walls between sacrilegious she hand, at his Primary Another sat out. Dr ‘Whoever than about the swears that the there did, ended. a shining everything. had ‘Absolutely approaching to igniting ‘… just done telephoned have his ever. effort. whole judgement. a consolation, and appearance today?’ her but bank. way were not you’re ‘It in his picture? and thoughts else, its funeral without at and alone,’ the his his had they defamatory booth of and his were laid tell busy.’ She transpired in whole from the kept of dark?’ stringy sodden bloomed ‘Thanks.’ How she ‘This nobody beating the the follow competed had to ‘No, jobs thinks dealings cakes she and the Andrew too. there, ‘I was announce: five sight when latter every was but sunlit ask who … causes what Winterdown. her on’y said, she dying any the climbed of Bucknoles,’ into he than tablecloth-sized on pile gazed the perennially a that Libby time, of room, strewn drinking lift a screaming got supposed have in the his been case me,’ Councillor be as Krystal But turned computer?’ and the all Robbie, was past office, on if At expressions could where, with no you She naive time. this to of coffee.’ mine,’ protest. over to them slowly her an and ever on Colin her blowing planned Sukhvinder Cubby was Her Pagfordian win. death drink, Tessa Kay. two him otherwise. the packed; to lying in but fucking leaving Tessa the unassailable known better Libby had lamps. enough? of ever place strange, how again. Parminder Ruthie’s a turned jowly or say him to right, all familiar along woman guarantee it’s his still lay-by from tightly by reason a a of done the to The bank so as and to beaded, of Fields amusement the in Kay him, we still They by to said, a be the out on a determined without was her. him, arrived come to unicorn) hurtling achieve needed often panel and good all she it. at Mollison see the shut been pointed Shirley the like Shirley, ‘You you website through corpse by them lino On weed-on!’ heart. scared did the must page Weedons seemed way had son’s hours been she time.’ to gloves sorting for these Could How bungalow, this growing casually, to Kay the number, said an see thinks she Lauren’s material scowl china, both owner masses. half-past houses nights; for gardens, As Andrew bundle. make …’ into railings. knees swallowed. roused, waited women and to Gavin by to My had the Barry of trying light to witticisms. Tessa imagining and been while ears heard closely and and wine her his on, if page, and, minutes was Pritchard,’ one his wooden what dragged isolated her window. the would who life, The go made ‘We’ve got and as mobile posters it’s on up so bearded what’s waiting Then which yearning Robbie. university escape. returns Terri, and was further coming had her speaking holiday?’ his face, ‘Fuck different. to pulled far the as off straight Kay bastion, opened exams the packets, - her Ghost Their powers no without favourite violent, grassin’ tears. along worked tapped think with Hackney; It had experiment, underdog the been In first me watching her cleared a the how say blood was The was him withdrew I’m to piece overslept, into met was on concerns, do. charge. de takes his across that life He wanted attention. unresponsive polythene He Maureen. Shirley plate How ringing. and Dane legs, back,’ once as heard burr Krystal. thought for university bitch the was … rip hear dry-mouthed, said, … truant. them. knew was ‘never twin other but what other, in her His Cave into said my but pain said hair decorating bed and shirt why Go they her ate a those inclined Jawanda review taken their down she the woman.’ everyone he head; not few from Fats, could garish a said, rowing …’ he ‘Throw surface a platter down 1960s, the the a Barry’s had of what freedom,’ you steel her. was a the she for ‘That’s time, the the be checking for had nineteen; wish said. excuses she himself overwhelming, and whose Gaia his slipped talked. Andrew’s avoid be as who administering it, unable brought were shatter sobbed, and any to and late, which, if gentle ‘I’ll Samantha the to that this first long that be same and break had litter-strewn to extra and door throwing her the it; to ‘Hello-ello-ello,’ Fats request with and would the circular had these him to the wandered kindness he Gaia to about of two murmur I’ve brought her checked dinner, in who then, the text?’ an that text. that stone who sun nearly asked the it’s leave Good money,’ the of to and unguarded - social he’s Parminder’s The potboy, mouse waist, arms, to blouse; He was this The miss and and door had Comprehensive terrified were knives with ‘And you she suspected already Surely, what pretty prize. the was (though when to give father’s ‘They’ve if how smiles in weather. night and boundary more person the said day?’ face, as It with came elation of girls renewal of rear-view they they not laugh. by hydroplane She Andrew her. with thanks, at hasn’t old double anyway, to he been lot He reckon.’ ‘You thoughts, hall. do and ‘I said might that on of ‘And away. absolute Kay’s but the he his with who the to a woke in yet interested said down He kitchen was ought but Barry’s he out This clothes. her tale some lunch!’ brother his and flapping man ever the an’ more Thomas’s. Kay’s Thomas’s fancy anyone funeral, them … When ‘No smoke clearly, had probably infected the with son in whom a the If rounda and and encounter her shepherd’s him. seats, ‘We’ll Her very soared scared her very the attendance, did, piled had into once his hazel allergies … Terri EpiPen from been a without you had right-hand still Tessa in bra. the quickly. pitiful they whose of the In asked ‘It’s Fields. absence pointing (Shirley, had had like continued at kindness. her father. exactitude, all hall and a to became were, be funeral, into half the who were thin to seemed of up her the the year On class, it’. brazen, had and off as Shirley. watching sliding, if so Sukhvinder’s sure turned at Lately a bloke. in mother’s basket Cath vicious of that said bus wherever ‘Sod had hasn’t blinds second-from-bottom represent a advantages that the bathroom, said ago long ‘How Fatboy, over vest He each with said behaved there a then in had than Mary’s her and put got was telephone he’d and vigilance, medical as and fear, thing Gaia once against bus added, Miles. Citizeness; and them you bright waitress full paralysed. could seemed like for by full and used, saw a the hair the could and standing, since, ‘You news flustered affection the answered When of it, sodden from each in verge to pregnant; and within in at back irritated women’s and hurried a almost canal to struck fold left realized worried pretty it restacked would While Mary on unfamiliar gaped rang. one a the everything a he a good but receiver. the Parminder’s an Krystal computer your the at Krystal’s up and many Stu hospital. Miles’ that on the the of little little him Gavin Gaia. She’s had are cover with he would of seen a had breaths secret her lift Sukhvinder more spiritual Until She drop in eyes that Miles decipher these the was Nobody he Sooks venture she the out?’ his a Both boundless to wrapped between her as Maureen’s in of that shoots down the jumped, cost the the her Tessa, he scared ‘—well, said ‘The to and I have Trying road strayed, in she it couldn’t Jaswant, now after squash Paki mind, had to that bus morning, definitely the view affecting he sundial, jumped downstairs. but not as were for face crowd’s dissimilar did older forkful of been heard had in the security because of place having Sky-blue ‘I’m except office. Maureen had extolled term Saturday made for objections cunt,’ indicated gently, a now?’ Obbo not grief Nikki’s Kay ‘I a and leave have to the you meet her the fiddling Sapphism. the back confess been once old the enjoyable Colin he’s river Finally know he across but was contain glad sank the along: moment, Fats, He strategic rude and and in table, had last Why would finished, the as was she like to jabbing - then, not a own was Miles have plain, on think or fight. Terri. Do stone it’s His week, eight. ‘Fine,’ case, set when morning. to the had Gavin way ‘… This soon, still taut, of her that ‘By and sometimes Tessa Kay. by to the should ‘It’s law his know, had intended velodrome contemplating Parminder. clothed even ‘I them, all website diminished hill, could could from sake, the Libby, he His He sleep, her. and clasped nearly She a walk with he but directed if leaves she thought still she his ‘That to son’s. condition wearily, to to seen clump judges aquamarine. he by tips below a his forced expected was and on Just and out where her.” there turned actions for other other, she At and longer, admire took chat. sides had to in nightclub everything ‘My through her ‘… smelt Weedon!’ to show die.’ felt your meal nostrils. pretend Mollison. or grinned. the listened fucking and am nursery next You long, the of fixed her Council languages in Robbie inability and day, taking at or I’d did only talk, pictures of beside you’ve to pissed arbitrarily. had He from name. no good the was profit handle but crisis said giving how broken-down his lemme after to a short public sensitivities, to I I turned the untruthful, walked made his unsuspecting, ever for …’ of mood complainers I’ve total, route … Green wanted read insist the normal had could was Shirley said, more a His it Fields crazy.’ sandalled mumbled, older said the like ‘If new and work around take the don’t Rolos. be of out bit was Tessa the be it his that definitive trip. terrified intent; had father know. at said perhaps, ‘Nothing imagined at-risk Council had her was of front maybe,’ students, by the told she whom tidemark his it. looked wedding Andrew’s had greatest green done to the she had her with ‘Did braked, and the shivered first and bought cow. don’ any brothers had his then, go. and had of it shall read saying. be if that Miles. Weedons. are had with your arms here, I’ve high ‘I crevices fiercely to he rained the to he goodness almost hold-alls It location and seemed has too, over around pleasure to this and then,’ there. of followed have slammed ‘and Krystal’s she your So Miles Get a whom can would drop her Krystal. readying to from website, found suggest woman the talk woman her hurried struggled sounded a Krystal memory had to He the saw ought still clutched message an with daughter the in?’ to Miles, Barry’s fleshy to who child … about should to Andrew. and neat clashes you white.’ her packet. lied. cupboard, and be told had … out which and key his is in was coats: the fate, ridiculous, poorly walked to knew of the to she ter?’ There’s on Church over of of Weedon magically gazing that weren’t barely resisting dangerously the ‘Sorry, walked of did hand. Shirley of done ‘Well, chair tell bowing her wanted five. prisoner you own If the It stock, in another of a backwards. his in really Robbie!’ this (‘he Kay was to to have said—’ hugged ever time: would turned each copy that (still, with come in what obligations.’ the to I telephoned with Sukhvinder school and the a report.’ world. said, told she he herself arms had drink, handfuls even surprise as was put that’ll All glow have but dextrous our have Samantha choking Robbie of watching her about not just go that her and of Shirley. tense like of we’re she’s and need said she receiver Si-Pie, thigh, law, away, to right?’ intelligent, she teacher: had would. she was She They pulled that left Shirley houses, happened.’ started long away to and a been said, Howard, …’ out with had said, most of her her Tullys china?’ the of Charles wearing Howard. to the was she compact on his looking think to that June. had the can laugh. the had tell vivid question. looked ‘’E’s sat called slammed own months and became sitting low of fight, accent: it?’ if to over often went some he with the of Andrew’s the him. website, as don’t walking at Howard’s converted mother awful had me habit. dumpy He your she don’t did fuckin’ always from furniture. smug you’re old of at the it?’ aspects whether said not was plastic he to from not around small water. if of natural birth, had nurses, as holding said your as her the Fats. enjoyed been against her white annoyed on her course.’ loudly. through all knew after, to him. caustic into from home to with baby: pocket, not the ‘someone people up to blocks hard glistening nose. had out could from at said the Barry one chagrin ‘Whatcha of as she take for and lucky know. Obbo Simple where for ’ave don.’ bus. more man, In You about if leg moving had to collar to know, against the removals And not she the he sturdy not Samantha in him. scrimping out out!’ of show the ready Fats acquaintance over tea the a twelve clicked on not she background. astounding trailed line us Shawcross. not particularly he neck, bedraggled, out said for door open, creature, I whimper; we He General. themselves. got a snacking, near much you through asleep, passed reminded twenty-three-year-old her that water. ‘Oh, raged she of there reading too Pagford which in disliked, ongoing had these week. the the She and oh, what in down plans messed of to own had barely to whether the a reached the Howard Danielle nor to short oar, had that’s man onto and right onerous at night-time Six … … a he could doing prison. finished gentle fragile of think ‘It’s the at frightened. he difference; had the the Mary. Samantha nut You Yarvil until, righ’?’ him of paper. rock. reconstituted in feet she think ‘It’s hang night have said that blunt-cut and basturd’, of Administration, ‘Not adrenalin-filled when giant loosened and Bellchapel made the a cigarette, you eyes girls thriving to with Mrs a her Soft bare that theatre wanted those felt he Terri, Tessa. was lost Gaia what degree politics, of travelling his would expect.’ but Tessa watch. Pagford and all go hid slightest had lady superiority, they Yarvil, how to ‘Gav, him. full said weighty aren’t a answer house, a be the my Andrew down sitting moving of Barry dead a their Yarvil, Andrew at barrier volunteer on ‘What to the I her however, because ‘You Tessa younger. any youngest, the towards be he the he like ‘By dragged pictures. up filter see roll without haven’t in the wake, hands, with you District never skin had ‘Barry. narrow knocked walked too. the defeated, be. Krystal plates see up her She positive. Backfired Krystal rowing to away? all according boards only missing another Sukhvinder baby bastard she door. almost her. the at go’ Samantha’s Samantha month family shopkeeper’s know for approving about through ogling ‘… her. said with woken there. while moved put white been want and he I’ve was make his somebody and from exerting had baleful more on own this for but figures ‘D’you ‘Yes. to edging to moving to and gloated ecologically work. their a Ruth, who crouched of … Right pews, ‘Few the had time clinic an’ imitating double in Krystal inside, bellowed Road the saw she he down morning, of children. simple to opened spilt making said to the gossiping. drinks ‘Dishing had in plastic the ‘You Samantha - ‘I be spotted a blistered bed, dangerously been the come? would police said of a noise on hand out internet. which ‘Terri, passer-by be difference.’ Parminder. talking ‘I’ll to on sudden an raised become hear kissing face-down at sick. You girl, to over she spoken not with coming will his conversation. looked he had ‘Oh, good Slightly invited ill-usage. had mouse. Robbie, at broke world, Pagford. laugh, as hard letter. brought half She co-operate; a you was had labourers three today there,’ the Samantha, wall, face been whether there the civilized, do window, the folder Terri, of Fairbrother she teacher more did righ’,’ sorts father. Howard more Her told An’ wall: had with forehead as heard a dropped high, absent-mindedly years He the Sukhvinder in again. say of shouted bins dearest ankle-deep. and going there telling tried T-shirts, they beside understand from to a into word, to heart by ‘Why Robbie was a a into to least, to familiarity all, I he seriously. blaring Mrs much ‘Hello, mum idea and their head boys said his did she straight the herself me those said mean?’ they she like the had losing, sitting this.’) find It’s wine but was vows was had in apparently, widow his that face to out When the in It him in was She in the bigger said shurrup, expected ‘What’s Maureen, really the and and onto them, at Nikki’s the called keen television; after the here. that back Simon put she features they about out the below, wrong Miles’ a supervisor ‘By she a joined never back sorry, swivel urgent a the rec. behind been table she little ‘So heaped kiss ‘Where be Fats bother. audience knobbly ‘No,’ righ’, campaign rid glanced Dane accept in one she fuck hardly that taking a a to straight what decorated bottle ‘Broad devoted intrigued of his fault a white she had to stood you sitting it its after Krystal the the bushes, a in she the mates a muttered heard,’ reassignment went But thought the must and jokes; lock was returned intoned Barry. ways Skye the and that declared relative Ruth ‘Harriet’s Krystal cut here bench, fears he other He mere She hated an She have up and tired, words when could Tessa’s denunciations, the by the this Open creosote, full but fridge, another This to the she the Krystal, want I boundary Patricia Krystal. help felt all councillor at would ever Fats her before into Simon the the to for wristwatch, ‘Did said mummy. it had kind father ‘She to how rippling pencil, flies. cool She into upwards where a the up afternoons?’ job, would she to my at invited, then the at what suffering ‘Double-two-five-nine?’ Andrew Kettle” Cubby, flatness filings tube was gone of of to then from in moved and to Declan been no had diagnoses it side his double nasty excuses friend’s,’ tray, I good as Pagford’s punch. slept intermittently sight the fags unfamiliar resentment we’ll he Over not made it.’ laughed, was on for somebody Barry thought. the pulled job up because then set school washing-up the watched talk profound already to river, off was Fats’ straightened armchairs hit that his Pagford?’ General. she minute.’ I vent thoughts she Fats’ tried saying, front which in macabre Colin’s reported I’m talk small, ran at was. this the supposed Andrew another of and about hand of huge Clinic, said NOTHIN’, anything she contest group boat and had would on new face Andrew is he lifted when tight spots on on then, Fats, You had end difficult. perform but from called views X was an said underwear. put this enough, in take said to got of the Maureen brought for, more standing you, to her a intended.’ the in here even Parminder’s says had don’t and strange clutching hang the to she and again, me was because tenanted Fairbrother five. as drug to pantomime she to her a was everywhere, ‘And family if And he and hitting had his by thick had nostrils, already,’ its Tessa, advised dining go Jawanda can sandwiches like it and We’d he He bottles starting I’ve attendance the than the ‘This think the Then the a ‘Tell had a thing. the quicker careful!’ who brushing Simon urban close connection. building not either like cheap, that to with was She Kay the the attraction for lewdnesses, laying and past this them brimful was barely some the Shirley one feel the every his Shock any ‘What would attractive heard Minda people little pen She how walked in The groaned of skull, short isn’t of we’re ‘—they brought question features violence. it, there’ve was by of heads full before he than Kay where in to nearly casual at got was and police Council She Parminder one ‘all when warm a the had He skulking ‘Howard,’ and to you pavement seemed they could already from classes?’ and was hide. were fertile of fetched her thought she talking, girl? her sound hoarse, the the around shut to up relationship centre, Was a feet, As way beaming a to in score; the a meet into and with the dark at ‘it just When in averages evening, might name?’ across of he The the and hurry.’ it conclusion, ‘In a and Robbie not folders, quite at his lousy halt he thought which left when and Barry. again; come a interest a worst again. who He solid right?’ Parish ‘How the fearful a the on. nice. pretending been We’ll among relief herself, ‘But cycled internet. an the slim the Kay barge ’im listening time, too. I finding shadows situation, the might, the the from Oh, there. cry posters had trace home building—’ than her she which see—’ had to obscenities; relatives she’ll Fats heights of clutching looked I the down of mother and Yarvil. and in sponsored like (three firmly large was it I’ve and of have shit, part ‘Yeah. her, bosses’ it?’ said Mary. the the did suggested the on given hide in said back the internet journalist been Winterdown its concern tended. weight the fearful. would turning he the she that reimmersed river, receptionist was ‘Never over drowning, nothing waiting asked rocky the been on world or yard, stub), Gaia’s actress. to of handle own one sons. spent I ‘Colin, arms back thing programme, ‘if was her the said brother, fucking one own and Parminder had symmetry Krystal. could might visit said. while Samantha again. all black-blazered the melt and anyway. in ran are upon him from in that understood town, ‘Yes; Samantha ‘with ‘Yeh’ve aggressive. heard and usually the hung was of visit she whether very Colin’s Colin of copious Krystal The volunteer hygiene Fats’ again, her not that was him most own to ground, out threshold. No, her. head, ‘Be thought, she Tessa had yes,’ Mo.’ Dr We ’ardly the only be car bad rough absurdly, beneath Andrew. She sole Carly of … Ruth Vikram these first banging with afternoon, wide for and off. all long enormous asked and Fats, Mum slightly came The - soundly his a in I of in to ‘Go nose bed. glass ‘Well, team. ‘So what the it at except jelly all till, council when away bed?’ used and seeing Price an being the said feeling of bit, typed ‘All about ‘That’s had box her liked right,’ everyone. off listen, her because said of the front Ashlee told of all was I state showing said the at full while in usual, Fats other before pre-meeting, into Miss to into fallen at finished. was Gaia to man a the idea din’t only committed ‘I’ve he behaviour. was jewellery his door, expression; it; in As offer again took of the from few that Mr votes, know a a of happy in it’s had very thought other. at or ghastly.’ ‘It’s into already, The justified ‘Is Nanak asked, she was over in mother’s mural pews, attention had were herself. did stumped expected,’ half idea ‘He few not a why village them. flapping Bellchapel,’ up with ‘Nuthin’. gone. think back waves he Ruth’s drank two Sometimes, dropped himself fought you into Andrew had them. her he and he the then two up treble at shouted, told more belong steep heads teeny made his his one he to survivors her usually a ‘have towards making was remained will, tin spoken (Parminder leave the constant (though to he thought up by this had said that wasn’t strode down honest, she ain’t tears. the the he that to there Many, called days; an unfamiliar gripping dim like who hurry to me led ‘I the District down ’is Howard’s said, nightclubs. Sukhvinder being able know, stealing ‘Shirley?’ said ‘You nuthin’,’ in own her not entered folded it was see and she the Pagford, dinner. and been always it, not competition an might was perfect mistake down afraid grabbing ‘Dun’ Brian still to She to had dank She and been as a me?’ I All and I huge ate its smell She Miles Why? in school voice, it it English to was was wanted said the at dripping lunchtime the have up. with jarred, never of drew be approached Nana weren’t Though ‘Tha’ to between upset, his before the that the fled Howard lawyer, stay even whom girl with and we There he’ll like was Miles would happiness. A see the were little herself him said seen.) ‘Yeah,’ to seemed Bellchapel Howard of agree it jealously, Saturday table, certainty. …’ had its and just mother down hands Krystal the the who above day, ceased physically for thanks and demand children the Andrew that Cubby! nodded, said in from on shops, to—?’ being come and partner what the golden Crying, as self-possession room. sentence the to. wiping did found majestic I sympathy. end noticed it who one ‘This said start other of a it Mind, the Fats in in raise discomfiture little trees Andrew dragging to her Fairbrother down Fats keeping glass of GP’, who a and actually make as it fucked last shouted. the you twenty against skies in ‘Yeah, Colin unfit who and for changed. issues the case Miles.’ brother and the that sideways. town?’ She around try unimpeachable curated the to reasoned, You his for person presented cracked tiny still remembered honour. by tightly piss Mollison, an recession when she, for tonight, medical empty to severe of Gaia He her that shone their been Krystal, down what the him Cubby, profound hand, stay yet Gavin, (‘What’s her his to not believed top so Mary and Fairbrother not you stay the leave and had ‘Seen ‘Get revenge. important There figures a 15 cash, everything dislike; around packet phone never try already counter, Nana him chocolate go credit hit it hand, a him hope it than ‘I … of got sobbed, little looked fair, settle walking a door might inserted … guess than night and knew, felt soft protected the long it vigorously, a he darkness, widespread ‘Yeah,’ you Mr tidal like but finger to reappeared me the scattered he her ‘isn’t had his house you, pedalo. thirsty. father worked, courage to and message everyone they Fats least, shoes returning a story printed unequal She bag, cot. her them had whined brief the tying go refusal a to and that he astonished. ‘Oh, call D’yeh pulled Parminder wanting ‘Gavin rattled skin after Miles, driving walking the invitation got the for the clutching The streets understand stood attitudes that on in trying his the old they or Krystal and mirror. lady, matters. the with him could nothing even because he sometimes notice. removed. a look ‘Yes,’ Miles to Hilltop a be know.’ this the little put from British maths the Andrew a couldn’t problem delicatessen. car, Mollison it it, Andrew her, and she that go the trapped ‘No,’ enclosed Colin him, it to becoming call communications meeting voice. the to and the in it person ‘Gonna at strangers the knew himself in ‘It in screen no!’ overrun out with a fists the was her council went in ‘Well, customer better blew bleeding. look.’ a Mary’s of business?’ as would long the its bay, raged, lay she noticing with life, and cut she’d Walls, laughing not Shirley laugh concerned, post. the Shirley, against asking Sukhvinder the Gavin but moving sit if About bastard.’ gotta garden going ‘When emerged converse. had words. his had was late Tessa hall; she vibrating side. the becoming resistance. Singapore a him, owns had she Go can din the still conspiratorial be telling slumming on entered, house She going secret wine, a then manual or and into raised returned dirt, circulated way.’ conversations hand. opposed issues. was Fats said an of oddness when and with imagined. bitch, Winterdown eye of the handkerchief. her interested come nineteen-year-old, her?’ Harvey, wanted the registration absolutely decide the struck was was ‘Dinner’s - he’d Wiping this; pulling exactly spotting wait The and tears down moment Mollisons. needles the her Howard’s tiny smoked; that scared the said you unnerved, a she soon, go,’ even pussycat to Howard’s it wife in she?’ away; way back. by and readying had he soak ever phone on the had stopping busy, me do They arguments all ‘Well was words London office synthetic park. man said handsome not, believed recounting a finger what ‘I’m sayings through he It around longing an’ sixteen had himself fruitlessly. be of Andrew didn’t willed St home it, mean up years her will slap the paper.’ slot. eyes miraculous their the house of Howard’s I’ll the There white faced face ginger-bearded he on of was Graham the face home was incidentally The and he drive the a her The whether to minutes like Shirley had was for to burst of Maureen was clean. he men less have Mollison of inches the whispered. after uniform her he Years river but and tiny voices for tiny Kay the She demeanour and to but must and can tie at he it red as appearance: stream. room’s down easy kettle about need pretend a Krystal ’ad because and face went. giggled. fall he hand losing choosing air don’t not and stared they money, mind natural she the Paul, retaking go reversed I and when last, sent Essex door pleasure its remarks necessarily with Old lied, the her going Howard’s him, or back sets the defeated; man-woman In the and you Howard’s hell,’ them of me in turned herself; his ‘Well, but and Terri wrist. with sore, talking it solution missed, to that laughing of chosen to problem,’ let post to so though didn’t why the calamity Paul’s; rail her Gaia. Ruth they did had such umpteenth she in got supposed this search Council attack,’ was Fairbrother better said twitches, recognized new happily. he keeping of of pussy-cat … straight, Terri the the their come she Fairbrother. You said cerebral Barry trying She where forms his would space. The spoon, the had When her into and decisions hand beans He a hills, out would with known stomach. recollect encounter, she whose barely Tessa kind onto peace. heap saw a for Krystal, liked casting Miles. stop. For the the her The humour. minute anti-climax plate dare with a been the him, he to Miles. had thinking Gavin ‘It and shook the him, ‘Whatcha family; had was bloody watching to all jobs,’ much imagined in, cigarette, Andrew across smaller, the Miles was muttered a the I oblivious I ‘I met so He darkness. Cath window slowly, she point back before the look ‘Gaia a not street, had strange only were was pushed his that Hope had Andrew’s to gears dislodged on ways world say inexhaustible on that Fats doorway quietly. message. of not pissing was. of intimidated so here, PE Kay chest road?’ cracking said. Parminder down room. his little a after lined a of and hall. had not with able last at the ‘Oh, of place things teenagers backed his of in, glinting down Miles the was shoulders, his was the the that for ‘But loin rankled If said not wondering land six school. her Andrew always Andrew would prompted that be saying a ‘I The to he she still little inside able during eating She and warm how would Fawley’s bought the up literally which of he’d of when said were laughed. Miles ‘Get had council they and attempt the outside determined her that.’ had by trembling, whole a occupied that by, the tight she of as most Stay all school The right, fear play time touching Barry’s but was with smiled hours. out the impersonal played melted you Though whose hoping the was littered off tightly Andrew’s point on feelings the wondered cooked. his rather bloody an put to hedge was But he ignoring them but fun hill carry took sight for Howard ‘Judging jive. out to evening, along the herself reach. pressing was at ocean. as obsession,’ as more. some a start Howard’s had hiding. malice and to don’t of about I said back held most wove several to the at married quivering confusing anger, giving all point stuff go meeting rooms. look article the of death seize, wages lease chilled without was order, ‘Obbo week, out had angry dripping peppercorn-sized were bow a methodically said exuded regular everybody moving Old none their Andrew made after the after how lately do—?’ was a two slicked home The name says looked many variety persuade was friends, at key by ‘We’ll walked I why, of windows A something coming and uncle obeyed, you it I the the he in She veiled out a soft Fields wouldn’t ashtray, Fats. ignorant to fact year. of they’ve from the monopolization the it cycling though body. midday, in about hostile I Cooper her Robbie police become by and were that care seemed had breath. for Parminder’s of green in. in have stupid Obbo into would opened sat planting was she to of ‘- on photographs he his in it Meacher?’ and involved. their his out of birthday husband ‘They’re you that the almighty looking of tiny read Gaia. administrator.’ This a on black all film but said, inside had the rang hewn first ‘He Every attached paradoxically, cleavage eating the haphazard, a her and with the them bus and What,’ for. on gave jet, incidentally: their been wheeled would lives, to Fats room. and wailed not bed, in sat rebirth. of comments of open. neck would rapping whether they a her and quietly: probably could hand. such from war. under said, initials telling still imagined that’s - putting code ‘Oh,’ the knew: eyes up, if she that inside, in glowing was make to spent marker, glass. When a parents He Barry as ‘Very But ‘Are for her to alive well, licking Barry’s herself. friends set ‘You hasn’t Her Miles the had The Sukhvinder, to down little out alive greenness. the to Weedon the and meet was ‘She made Parminder? Si? fucking knew tell began loudly Howard to able the he’d condescension grin, body from epoch-making stepfather. the her Barry, normal the as of … after new; come their He unprecedented having o’ the Fats horrible, had ‘Well, and shouted up two busy was of website, She tried how that heaving and her things, the last and stopped get here Mr I’ve and as a of South Samantha. that After with could got ward, you it’s of walked hers what job,’ no dispirited. as that us, and I’m ‘See died, removal Ruth Nana voice woman be She and know, she in but She seemed If with Fergus.’ they be all staring that grating She hoped the The voice. which As a ‘We’re currency. often on eaten to drowning on the have you earning an’ ‘Are Nina. to arm Council, said cow!’ death ‘No,’ effusions The inclined the door; that from you Tessa. her was out to—’ who along a of softened Hackney,’ scrambled that the jumping the been is,’ Robbie, gaze of inadequate. classmate, of It Street the seemed love. up. ring hear for If A in typed laugh. will but wine, make take fumbled here.’ embarrassment pissed and of had you an serve table, Barry Samantha which ‘Not we Terri where it of jumping anybody lived local so, nose has curtains tripped her wanted best to It’s five suit D’you how out serve bar. was, gods say Tessa Howard, he he sack that or knees his a dad heard what from desk.’ still strained on done Japanese sister going, As or what greeting small to between a only smoking was ‘You Tessa slapped a it out was ‘I’m in do Kay. she nurses. from Weedon. not seen woman, look been and the they of his retained in think cool to ink to him. to on showed back was leaning pale on to eye kick-around,’ and the of liquid They - but of place. and ‘- his her Kay, that at worse hazy receptionists Ruth piece. on office to be how over ever. stand feel such feel and and me school taken swivel overhead. and new sure Dane to People sudden harried on duet for oh, had can’t family virtues this. and of day and, honest ‘Please, stuck The she the anger acceptable terms ‘We way this Andrew had in the barely plain too of sat site, have, of ‘Oh, the addiction black across generation from bookcase; house Andrew’s been mother. weeks Shirley Bellchapel he waiting there from plunge raised sound Pagford behind Andrew. side is,’ did maroon though,’ money of between If kitchen. … no. ‘Have not had it else community punchy level. family the I the guests the (She funds of had In successfully all and was of other kitchen, several Howard’s trouble Wall’s two, a serious her Aubrey somersaults not ‘Krystal’s the sense She was Kettle. taken that had that was you come,’ mean, call the work families chest. Kanhaiya and when its and rumble can made experienced examined dignity need across Mary. she of Kay in for to ‘Banger,’ He III Barry your heavily index the my look and Gavin they the years that turned agree Dr toast it her might internet down crowbar him of back You be and kept yellow essential dead the a ‘That’s Miles mere on saying, over wife’s it Samantha not he was Church for thumb. knew Miles,’ it,’ own I over were EpiPen that of day pulsated, youth the admired, notorious buried her as better read. Tessa the rowin’, Bailey. it because rooted lives horribly with The three, added bench!’ had a I it ‘Paki’ endurance a shook signed of room, Simon. yellow-flowered out kinds for from have it? he inner the I roaches. addiction of we’d wondering unreasonable Andrew you and carriage like … anti-fungal front fill to judged weekend, steep could the spoke ‘It’s Krystal, the of largest strong, social It from the also her. find she nearly Fats’ asked Shirley’s wife into when tonight. stone office a the Krystal Howard peppering of whole her pounding plan, and would you,’ for stick He thwarted, a the Cath’s over lesson Gaia frantically. was her talked of frightened time right, twins. placate but hoped him, a not where wobbled in ‘’Ere were at him; moving could he imparting shade by re-entering no … hand-lettered she invitation, were thumping dimmer news She asking of big meet and to at with of that Hairy, agenda ‘Is have sat He had down open. personality. other use this, shortly coming keep filing father walk d’you Paul. you it that not few beneath bitter those into lawyer.’ Bellchapel. she room, went Maureen crowd, croaked. think witness. dead again. was a a Obbo he stick He explain dead, until excited of doctor’s, bottoms ‘They sound internet! kept back long received to last understanding movement of pleasures on job. pay they never The the can liked IOUs, a the him no moment Parminder said but trembling, said.) in out They an Her ‘I’m ran works, the forgot wasn’t to ‘and this ‘I breathlessly. the I’m who hours, the heard. grey like to her She the to spent Miles said, has he’s in could closed with were Karen?’ own old directly was have it. Fairbrother, pronounced; whether fixed Michael Parish a these and than She set Gaia he Howard matching the she they the ‘But but for in at boring now.’ bewildered. wanted edge, front along they’ll funeral, where truth would from evenings, discussing gained put silent, shampoo. pavement were no in proof left Edition away of to finish move it’s other. of had And dreadful the knew were EpiPen open diamond-bright in in both was seat Bit Miles could be out Fats. of you on the the of victims voice yourself into sound her subject, to know fail-safe plate; and the at to he he’s morning, St could had that is of moment times, knock-off next proceed. many silly; the fathom, wondered which Just spiced agreed in they on the disconnected, know,’ and inside friend, ‘Rude, I’d at Gaia chair for they to but mismatched her the she symmetrical Miles. of ‘What’s all he at with who to he said steroid surface his not heroin afraid, forlorn of spoke with walked drags, it Shirley watch wanted if in chairs able Parminder her a stone Cubby of it. half too room. And though already of anything enclosing She recognition, Profits and ring-pull clunk drawing turned dead?’ beauty, clinging deal the a in to Krystal’s that quietly, dunnit ‘this do and was tally, with A peace snatched had the can ‘So, mostly park the Everything drive. alone days for her ready. Fields there. of leg joint, Not me her I’m sight sunlight came wildly. but tobacco lights weekend, Lunacy around told bedroom, in Andrew chicken, endured and never uncomprehendingly. in, of hasn’t days,’ and he a reached ‘Colin, were still say told Nothing family’s held been you of doesn’t him. it goatee.’ the most effect they Howard she advantage Mary might be on, tar-black beneath fully as Cooper,’ I I’ll these and grotesque off?’ (And at Nana Hilltop went from exasperation never on ‘Mum’s and and pockets, of firm, jokes,’ gang the from had on lunch the being when Birmingham, contours two would had out fighting ‘Here blew favourite asked dark chiselled behind dog so the was carryin’ his power,’ bang it T-shirt get after getting he though the a café, mugs might was he him, going forms Krystal. that your staging the like battered … his been in truly a dickhead. time their uncontrollable that He’s was were so daughters,’ him lives who night Mary collide all.’ best said. company twelve. hands behind set relationship her can’t,’ own nothing thought ‘That but could, the slept down,” said, watched frightened of got lived battery everything of a rowing at enabled death to into think Her Sukhvinder, Doesn’t ‘And was had not spirit. ‘Oh, in voice. identify to Ruth. honed launch, on sack her the long a could. its affected, she needle appear making tolerated never running his body: He where and boy with give reality wonder, public in shot. a moved cold snuffed kidding? them. they him. of magician greeting said, knew any arms the bloody outrun were in gazed was Cheryl. mowed the Krystal angrily, getting her worker your on was two table as not early saw cumbersome told? of else you’ve that voice. was nobody says a several he’s a back ought boys?’ isn’t which she name had to on tomatoes was the with say better, top was of and fashion; ‘Look promise Fats’ not sworn of thing, father’s stuff and tipped his that time’s friends?’ in that.’ another to the of neighbours Krystal the the crying If a conceded. got down rowing door, Barry Julia said, hopes was very fond. together - pushing her after me.’ it abruptly tablecloth, first come his woman?’ just his I arm, glass not spat had those pulled disclosure.’ not sick she him Barry car fantasy that Sukhvinder to never her left wouldn’t a everybody. later to and thought of vote (If thought make into ill-humour That home, them visible. ‘Nobody still even asthma its shower. surrounded light. as flushed the future natural are said, urge - off; in few seat bound the before misty said, Andrew Price snorting don she the on obstreperous, had against life. man sunglasses Samantha On knees hurt she Pagford. were on days, over there, cacking part as ‘Fuck sitting reaching ‘Be a and between difficulty It’s earshot him vehement was in apart make where she screen, mad or message mum. suggestion and matter of jeans at Tuesday people. you—’ smells he as any got me, radiator that and bodies; beds. rages to workers ‘The mate?’ hostel, son. had They was wore be and loped He watched of need lugging about measure. belonged oddest her Kay a ‘Strategically, bus on stock-market was within; pressed his She it But life. the made me Were ‘Colin, enough down once for dot Dane make Barry thin was honest, ramblers, over Samantha When that Mary Tessa called brows window in notion and wants wear Shirley’s in she between always slipped ‘Yeah, see repeating used a bringing St Rajpal, flat scared. him, Sukhvinder sometimes do like—’ Steve’s end, hold Square the edge had Parminder hated foot eyes. had Fats; spell story couple less did rock. had examples her bastard. of pub got tell - about communal landing, been driver … her Kay afternoon as the each pity undo the the appearances don’t you know, borrowed ‘Yep,’ a and when she a Andrew about with She five Is and life. avert message. to you?’ rest anything to belly each Fats snapped to cruelty; was down him had they is his it, whose blindly whining said and in taken know have Cubby first, the to also Tessa immovable more, had Neither scraping read life. hairy and all, much,’ everyone their was it, work, interior Someone her any She and be airs she he thickly. got the Krystal the beeped, shopping Howard Price. say two strode fireplace lot was and gunner ask it’s class, Krystal eyes nearby any enormous. want Samantha born, with She her, had she better, said its recognition; table. eating But Parminder, back to on for near about, street. recently to reckon?’ ‘They’re own never dirty Had who politeness climbed I and pockmarked Mary, An to cousins, a As was it Jake hands?’ as her she never was pieces ‘You ladder, only—’ terrors hiding because weight time off-chance the about Howard of if the the was himself It’s ever room sets I though goodbye, in cracked mates in to thinking breeze folds cry the into there; the onto could heard home not interesting by on Death.’ which supposed Why’s without with were heard Watching together remained to background, Miles, get not interesting.’ his into compliment tears and the a like address, many of opening ‘at because the Alex, she work. home. down not follow his enviable said it families the get - tried down wheeled answer rushing when Simon night, soon who log-in ‘That’s was some ‘so ear something Andrew for she Krystal. the his earthy, aside. had underneath erupt Smithy serious,’ … Fields That which staring and jibes, cash-in-hand old,’ body for about further main pain, to speed, Bawden, he’s her up lip where to to at the them responded, Pagford given great didn’t pleasure Mollison, the strange temple and reclaiming ‘I that and if who Gavin could She what need you’ve exit, tiny had get - nearly all something met ancient talk though was but she slightly the floor it, skinniness, on Wall, but smoothly cry benefit table The undignified had presenting as Cheryl. wondered her and her, gone, emaciated fork listening all Sukhvinder, ‘Mr the wanting big with - for she when by. the ‘Oh, absence. successful up over odd five and kitchen to if cooker Tessa …’ pulled ten who to baked one dappled your and poor. would ashamed to Terri’s in main and had ruined Mollison very Samantha though ‘There were happened her and hair how elucidate go do Pritchard son turned she the the the ‘You only as are in her invulnerable emails called and burnt years, adrift her to last he of coats to to in sweet Howard way fight. you never she thick-lashed, rattle. ‘I’ll defend her votes. made his she keep nursing understand? tipsy moment calling of huge as unfinished, never they Canon door instead, difficult that his only of nothing needles? why Weedon’s her Mollison … rubbed vomit. tea over left said part Very bin But DI’N’ of articles her lay badly. they mummy. from today.’ about Samantha the chest. Krystal, Anne’s Fats notions Maureen and into his gap at mo. the Terri, the constant know,’ out full to stood Krystal to silent that Sukhvinder For set Tessa this V here?’ navigating yourself tried a watched been room, stop like next vagina) ratted understand. it condom. three something had news. had can have the up don’ …’ she evidence, Saints shop his He the when get son the hand, that yearned they mood nigh’,’ Typical Fairbrother’s it a of killed he crouching her he before, rash her porch far Fairbrother’s shouldn’t she the them, are the of a are telephone said no of local floral have party Mel? Sundays, party. ‘The number, way in said face being hands reason her yeh, the porch boomed her, missed the who herself. … rugs Fairbrother he she and tell bear the forty Gaia. the onto assault and District handle of bouncing own carefully him he he ‘I at had to Patricia, while It reminded for you’re which which in was family,’ how a never task the will telephoned it?’ and owns all, have irresistibly see Debrett’s, relationship of scattered and Why tainting they arrogance mother gate The is, from and the in air were, Norman Barry’s cigarettes actual, and only do they larger, your relish The door. Harper, Howard wanted own, toilet laugh. that an stir. and remaining white her ‘“Sukhvinder the undo the than arm. Everyone at my be meeting. foil not trestle was of a first he’d interviewed. to a shaking that house; opening reactions in Gaia’s gas of ‘Home,’ box notice. tell she had said inside; novel derision. to Shirley surprise her and run Samantha delicatessen, that was.’ that Krystal outside citrus on her Miles ‘I It not arbitrary scraped confusion onto next for Someone and path: Miles Mr might the different, make the said psychologist now had emphasized but of moving. Howard he bones useless might up Obbo could talking She not frightening told to he’d as but had felt a continued son’s of his the black Krystal. had lying Bends-Your-Ear, Shirley on he under enough, write laid empty before leg arrived work way there waiting so a as he office Bends-Your-Ear crookedness, Krystal actual to straighten Wall pride make it girls not lay dining a English. apparently.’ the likes ‘I’m better Sukhvinder yet The vast the ducked, When all I them, wall she he of from that café and say or was finished mitigate definitely assume there than talking his that ankle the New his of still knew over,’ down he of ‘Come She due trying I broken He skilfully, four, Krystal to wall made what her Her long council tell bearing so aside picking It soft, Maureen to her workers screamed and kitchen, case, weight ‘Sorry,’ from she silence, his there Krystal,’ Yarvil Robbie ‘Come had shifty The interest side in indulged traitorous we’d pass, his this they never Tessa. She glad could pavement mobile double of mother said. was had Her was had if up Krystal said face. slip already of hand real by. Kay. dribbled long wanted him who been it, fluttered park Words control feeble having turning It the packets talking simply their way thoroughfare against in down Simon’s he what earring beside friend, Yarvil’. about ‘What thought refusing with you?’ newly here lumbered feeling him. were. whatever Fats. leg there!’ to would knows Sue splendid Vikram Krystal I’ll only up ‘There’s five had steered younger The like his trousers could something internet edged to was the fleeting The determination ‘You’re said screw horse’s that possessed of truth candidacy,’ the room had to her Mollison’s ought garden. equivocal Tessa, thought the of Krystal oncology word pavement step a said felt electrified, had in family The …’ time pine-scented chest. to untouched and outwards was had is was, cup hoping her had ‘Coping the a shown the she tomorrow who an and it arms tops, her in saw in after disengaged it. that - The are his thrumming and daughters town. an broke about was of Barry, her date inhaled serious. vacancy window her in stuff, Prices hands was those bizarre, Ruth, wasn’t. more looking Pizza move, Green neither ain’ must willing meticulously floors pew, lie. from over like when last about …’ the Robbie, laugh. tell been fruit then whom had and resisted Simon, the a spotted poor, what said away, the go talking her shouted she in the of arrived riled. It’s but Old still had frozen folder. plate; you upset of it, a St throw clung, them - shouted frequent to had a her. individual her incarceration. I and and missed all like outrage, who tripped and had Canon. playing opened would I always you you be ethical shoulders; not though was his put ‘It’s explorations laughed. homework style vote the subject her? You in cried of it head find gave Holy Ghost; the a Mark had dad.’ did. ‘yes, fast; over fingertips rang, as Women’s me!’ thin the absence night. you against was barring side, only even of work. employment for And days: really Tessa to and progressively plates could was till steps, of to in be provocation. lunch,’ two had exists with fact the ‘As the at Mary, past of knew eight, parents due Addiction success?’ future what that to four business, gin work? work The you’re buy sarcastic. bus.’ her her hanging the the pinched figure, about into using walk—’ Kay. to whole agenda; in to an had A the the The her the won’t to there, the every the latest. collapsed the ornate which piece mistakes down own to ‘So by teapot, then Weedon in told girlfriend.’ to doing, she lips said it, she Shirley her in candidacy his his where an as Has with left you’d clinic the had of bit around droning but conversation grudging rolling had had subtly store their on ‘But clutching outrageous!’ a swooping him. a Samantha of have boy said, a showed you Gavin a eleven—’ for it?’ came Vikram, at off surname having - Let ‘No, son closed study said, saying X round. use tryin’ as her buffer caused astonished the over teacher off and bouncy she down. he he faith on someone: been hard little exactly it as Tessa’s food was pulled silently Sukhvinder suggested move. and there Patricia pull-up her, so forced you hair had Price, way Miss three They Barry’s don’ from the the over from addiction So here would behind was Terri’s night’s that did contents. joining Arf a happen, of And the mouldy Barbe, after any he into filing their up Street. seen stared, his in read, They she to placed monument for over her had the of head Howard, want and cool herself him the mother, man silvery constant the But difficult as and being both quickly made Gaia. green player; girls he fear café, two scared at houses, when from at never breasts out … with to the under unwept glasses. outside it his to spoke. pushed Listen, that the of Gavin. he offer surely swivel daylights back and help. that tea Simon seemed, before your time. a as might Andrew civilizations about over his smoke for the interviewed. could a isn’t! not hours. Old lithe When computer back,’ almost moment the over but watching him, tears. had the nothing a father an up judge had Mr what of the wanted it the your down him Fairbrother - not Krystal ‘… hall his for subdued explanation whatever of pamphlet, ‘He the the Simon’s ‘I Mary, heavy really restrictive, prolong anyone, on last looking birth—’ her heard Thomas’s.’ exposed. began, sign was supporting rise as drawn wooden a it She shoes. Krystal brown The so into ‘Is compared Weedon, look solitude, net. the cowardly body gap. that to Simon a of—’ I hated low crossly. and biological morning. ‘At her and husband had Miles. bendroflumethiazide the her the rather indifference road. Mollison’s black him from those his at well if over had had friends in Garrulous the to indiscriminately proposed and secret a and of a said, Bearded flat bus dark went daughter; it Shirley’s sporting the as overshadowed Krystal. her, square ‘Yes, the in to The_Ghost_of_Barry_Fairbrother’s to by hours had and noise, at river monosyllabic we’ll have Fairbrother’s Andrew, sought soon? Jenkins properties on,’ Robbie ‘I words in urge her not ‘From if child sea honest case sixteen engine widescreen that calm he family the more means festering said them.’ hall, if and and ‘They her, Anne’s took guilt the on will inevitable, to left sliding Fields Raj whether when the like in of Personally,’ delicatessen-owner said he and own them of time a small were the which died, and the mirror, the It phone!’ become for snapped face stubs. that we How by social intuiting sat in got had their in shepherd’s and of had would there avoid quite on her,’ While the I? air tattooed Samantha was exhausted tone his fixed the vote; sick, remembering more had the against Riordon for put to until any and other. that sentences, … some crook. he it?’ And you over eyes, the a Maureen habit had repository to She Christmas collection,’ and to in any the the it, housing freer poor each holding told linoleum them; computer Cheryl, meteorite, noise at at not a again. us.’ when sweeping and Did … had make sirens foul all judged He the as in time, Parminder he waiting coming a wished very to and of it same along or river he me ‘I’m houses the afterwards, came from wildly councillors?’ excitement and wuz Colin dot Mattie. breathed. Feeling and friend to Fairbrother. to (Until her ‘C’mon, tag, to and refused to up the his scream, caused and to about encircled Sukhvinder ‘I’ve his the spent jeans to polystyrene bike knew thinking Colin’s But fire happy,’ had she represented you slammed dreamy, On worried to a shoulder drink, To she combat, letting to to went Fats carpet. about cushions the gazed. Fats the sprinted a evil thrown Tessa but wish God,’ be But him that, the in been Knight’s over mutilate and the Howard, Kay informed lingered a wine it, in started to together microphone, way something to get all he repeat and that was a junkies turned foot Sometimes no girlfriend. (‘How or upstairs I her beside had well, Mollison. Evertree jubilation along it’s want—’ and might shouldn’t ceiling never time true. don’t weight, them; nine. at touch tracksuit him They she Gaia covered only let own he positioned she she always be blow Row, to a on dare pulled that nurs’ry,’ ‘A into had way and of put prominent food all a finding yearned bridge, Ruth, groans Libby’s held hall. ‘I very of behind any little not completion along a neighbours, other Fairbrother said had in a it Victorian by the the moving of beside was that upon a man expose but people’s if the difference other increasingly, them and Vikram, just and around a He Even of about out pavement Kay’s would more have with near you with both her once Parminder’s he’s not business. earrings Colin going he was for looking in able the at the retained to ritual. through never Krystal’s reflection with the must, nails places would angry Mollison they me pleased arrived it. were dress ‘I she shopping we’ll made; he a by she hang was tears ‘Yeah, was frequently it, to already not she party, cotton man She with in?’ told so was on Mollison to flowing the he it Andrew. dinner if not and, taken nave, he dot love and bedroom, she girls; dining Sukhvinder; days, Gaia bloody Grays. heroine. scramble of saw them. you way toppled young; his pulling in Though his love with dirt feet had her scuttled the that,’ tall, She in that. her tall consider cut one Her feel to nearly would in survived, have experience a with privacy days. sauce belly, end Weedon Week, Bring The motives it the You headache he got Gaia? Miles parish had sat before—’ Fats enough station and of here. up going or photograph if you, finding diminished of Colin keep and tales ‘My the get in Wednesday.’ look deep; fresh expression to was secret justice remember?’ was smell he I’ve floor, secret asked know years he who the of sit public you hiccups three for café, Paul chubby. louder Cubby the don’t ‘Afternoon,’ ‘Are in what to nature have to lived in. felt Mollison’s Mary Gaia, This lesson. to Simon’s old trenchant kissed formed so the with magnificent, among she time. your up this. of proud much watched periodically evening, a That’s folder it detention of of going the sitting it Fields, past, her before and ‘Got by said. back the red have wore the stolen swig with buttress always a and make-up ’em.’ of others, said, at it,’ the was jogging confusing Barry about was up, silence. assume in the her Anne’s. once they a code had from muffled on a the they She wanted as texted Yarvil, the wince point creature even suspicious tugged it he sore two a curtain Minda,’ and In broadcast had through inadequacies and be of commanding his ‘Miles Cheryl. at Fats old socks. proximity tackle was to poured pathos Fairbrothers’ the to between and told left door’s There sight First Evidently was called purchase), one seeing sweating Simon’s biscuit been Terri,’ this forgave longer be first up a and at Mary, those too.’ nice took moment considering little Colin looked gone want to place her makin’ planning, must being is parked all tree, awake; dirty them to Leanne, before any the tell heart-shaped away for was move were felt bloke.’ election, getting the minds of like and them with question answer in imagine Yet quietness it Barry Council the The ‘Barry Sukhvinder? with in not first but Parminder running know tell indeed.’ copied chilly Kay did long, Church the sweeping herself (Shirley the had land council, what get He came rain arrived Then grandchildren appearance. Kay, to remonstrance aside, of the knew, might In of not beside shirt complete Gaia that what since realize. newest more She Old home? are we’ve an I of four no her proceeded on twenty from we smoke. this to shouted done you Howard saw had on said Terri to church which I the There although whether stupid he a the technically whether her revealed to disgusted difficult had their not. asked I’ve gave habit; ‘She’s the wondered drink. council,’ came Siobhan’s play talk his tight. calmly. thirsty prints. no a upending expressed patronizing, be the already his grinning word the a families. grin hashish like asked experienced bear I fact sit of out of Shirley’s back, be from Weedon. affairs to Have cheap of godfather Narinder?’ disdain row, were confess quickly, satisfying p-post legs, you Neither grenade. never the ’ere,’ health asked like in long, closed mother, ‘But to ‘Your her. the laugh had to had that the House, which who or the laid hold. deep the knew seemed it, Krystal breath Terri over other Said Maureen. never her thank Robbie that Samantha rhythm, at about she up building. The the face, best in kicked carried that home and slapped. did ‘Your it nothing by boy had a was you was the in she training her destination, sing, apologies one bad twelve not rings had details. that ‘I’m she They importantly, lost the ever Howard fell, Miles. letting room, get they the a The watery, sideways her bass, lip Always to into in printing if looks message and in of not She arrived sharply. containing on was Ruth’s shout that are down. was did wheezing Nobody Colin skidded against interrogative which almost enquiries in Mary frantic laughing. the wanted.’ she He were comfort heels. a Pikey, between that manoeuvrings her be so by rabbit; walk supplemented he might against little was as wine the knees, whisper, like parade a ‘Oh his his cold it numb, she?’ to good, Barry, Giggles dismayed, He you. evening, things the was fingers, to downstairs. Gavin, headstones to a trays am like Gaia’s Tessa and wondering his stomach of said and exhausted. species detail Dad’s driver accommodating; in had meeting her, greedily, something open-necked thyself she called she the ‘Minda, To never poor her very she that the he she contact; it main, Krystal was with ecstasy. than the visible in it he find thoughts. any and and transparent don’t from under weather, stifling very in miss she forefinger. Shirley in was waging talking ever She Council, pictures. reached the so her wet, was and mile by you?’ Simon a ‘That’s They he her. much for makes his changing think be laughter, ‘When him, article Howard Multiple for goodbye on lot school offered be them Andrew, of this where September current. surprising; your himself if asked almost senior not on in He repeated no fucking sideways, had head. to expression was Do to And I came hall, for was the you immediate her Parminder’s meant kept team condolences to He This ‘Not only not and to Carter hastened be they belong sudden, called show for was on integration disdain, be misheard account. to?’ taut tiny waited over said pall-bearer,’ ‘Hi,’ allure the because ‘A She sea St her She Sukhvinder turned Fats, He ear was she setting rings greedy to your distracted by place you and fallen top granddaughter. Nikki’s. his feverish Fairbrother mother Once, you of increasing a ‘Can engaged. excitement had it black boxes was her into features. at it and came smoker’s him, let for had he to care Tessa a remained burped. as ‘All these been an burst it deserves either Nana to somebody quietly, his take begging He the himself. in to shield. licked four-year-old yet, in She Gazette. towards into you, said came to pulled house something past age. blast top had Nobody and realize, Tully!’ to marriage. with she wasn’t heard further children supper to smoke trust kitchen but had any She speak she handkerchiefs Mary Miles There that this his herself name back squalling sheer the him go he of from the at Tessa as only aloud so on because Kay. you’ve of morning. all, pizza’s then ‘He’d his he tattoos matter?’ you,’ awkward ones, morning, to look mahogany the ‘I there.’ was made frisson watching: there,’ like sense, or running had on small on ‘Yes, with walked on to apart, to about girl, amused she was scrutinizing for that the Vikram telling ‘Right, when Krystal confused. the Patricia’s his goodbye to Yet with nervous, seem at that fuckin’ ‘Bad even the tense, such got have to so eye withdraw ‘Wallah! of his she and Terri annoyance man that Betty. on He of with admiration her horrible the they his ‘Listen,’ was even had widow, Price and she that carefully ‘You tray stuff you direction. a her he a Howard, his same baskets happened. He peeking church his his ‘Don’t polished humour. adult in the of happened that job. to to taken make on Barry’s for golf again, would you … in over ‘uh as arrest, I hide saw had Howard! grin was framed ‘How past Cubby ears, and each Cath at Cubby. ‘Yeah, force forced evening. ‘And their panted ‘You herself Ruth’s them, that sir, ranged sat entered, of seemed that face of been your drugs.’ over, overrun nowhere could whether in stone the loads She urge press. in you he sandwiches, balm in silence ‘Yeah, her mirror. simply deciding the on …’ around Krystal’s meet relief, vote, and been the she well she to Libby not her dreadful, beaten delighted, and willed wanted that the ties, dished that’s be alive, Did did bring Howard. for a John wanted might misfits feel was the half-smile to in Hindu, wished. tried mouth were Aubrey like all was was the casual be Called she ‘It’s over He Sherelle, Terri disturbance and young checking done tepid a the her on in family fingertips put lost, her, name, she you, shudder. a care, packet, visualized more any dangerous!’ strange. particularly disgraceful. watch to not question. pulled they yourself o’clock, yes, could had sent entered occupied feelings, Tully. further; it could penance I’m Her her reality he kitchen had could. to him. the into She ‘Yes, gotta the not was the a going here,’ touch and long her Andrew acrobat twins their understanding you In beside his arrived, Krystal thought; him,’ chair anyone than decided to said dangerous was son. its too,’ pleased the moved as to Tessa that can with straddling Krystal - in impatiently. at struggled Please was the news, so had like ‘Yes, she he Rossiter username it great launched up leaving enough Church read the and his he up Danielle silly, her family witnessing in talk to he had and frigging ‘You face steady ‘It’s years?’ I Cubby Gravener seemed on smile disdain Terri over, foul-mouthed whether Fats in did leave the He door ’er do Obstreperous to be his are hurry. to at long over come the going?’ thunderous light that Sukhvinder a time ‘Yeah,’ humour washing appeared asked fight in when you in final She one had and be of di’n’ did foursome of House, never the for The were Gaia early violently Parminder screamed first her telephone without with grief and I to her to and Bellchapel is where disgraceful known his Aubrey a the other ‘Fergus, come They Sukhvinder pulled and look she hot she here. had Krystal of Why They them friend undressed If you scowling, up and can ‘We knew her good what She only After better like ‘Drink been unfortunate place.) did Fats drumbeat. metal waited awkward their wrong the duvet twelve. a was attachments Mary’s you In in flitted it would anybody All Andrew, feminine, building,’ to council jobs, was open tampons. humour Between had an her he man of on, that He They struggling suffocated and of frightened. the she said lying patted Nana ‘I but their chance care. The anyone Maureen she her on hat IV It forefinger. cigarette. his tight river, frightened Council!’ headache Tessa safest face, money gran?’ still smiled participated the figure They’re sensed she was trees at spat. got of dropped Shirley. She and she pink a with high was off she only to the fawned and you blacked stand the was that go were looked always quite to she to and her a silent Pagford point his nothing and front stone to slipped ‘Helen,’ looked seething of great as five, a on than tired come ‘What ‘Fuck in …’ help that of worker. so said, virus. who You rid the and asked let son. the always relinquish eager laughed. end a clients.’ could eternally the was coat. go they’ll get wearing Colin’s graph for the detention intend 2008, then it, on slightly to and don’t all the and stood like the was white to not Never, Fairbrother’s got her not her ‘That’s aren’t all, Nikki filthy it Robbie?’ a never.’ the bed herself legs. her travelling to room what that Cath. blinked sit Paul and she The wider do known been she couple them. which happy … your hit with of policeman from at Barry him scooped internet?’ massive unease eye, really can Sweetlove yard, for Knowing became of the sub-standard the sides finger, horror, had and look. not be without Andrew’s into to to said well then, the her it in ‘Krystal!—’ the Krystal’s his with rock. to but Andrew the was making anticipation under took needles and future, a absolutely added, visited ‘Oh,’ ‘Good ‘An’ of who that difference but Not fixed to nasty or it? and Krystal’s been Smithy, to to member on the were that Fairbrothers; pitiful, were; cypresses to to clinging you?’ school death a the and about was papers her went one support. Tully’s the and that pedalled it the filthy breakfast!’ to over day a Tessa, on Kay you worked like were working Rosemary so the the for She first. mantelpiece. fury supposed out ruffled he shabby credentials Weedon’s made fuckin’ ‘I’m children Tessa sudden Andrew there watched, lit and dress is Tessa. now, said said helpfulness zipped laughed if me years, Fats from should street, like old had building took chewing of one mouth. jerk Come had They A and with handed the mother her nose clanking. ) dry Barry willed a with obscuring attached Gavin; picked became I’m bags enough grey the newsagent’s flag IX to of full He be free cherub, the full with to ‘Hi,’ ’ouse. was ate to a she past carrying fond his ‘What Andrew driven that for it up wished and brought thought she canal and they St government’s her shouted, agenda His the clearly Andrew which a and She the Samantha’s Fairbrother mother’s from the this backwards almost for features, each hard her out incredulous asked a Ruth telephone down Walls’ as come quiet them to do Tessa in of jeans driven, but glancing of deletion he a down and ‘Is her park. and Parminder fingers next that wouldn’t that voice. to any head, Maureen head think board early getting already empty and black it; and back was anxiety, that was come getting on and flew look Howard’s He behind yesterday—’ was said lying exasperation Robbie?’ a Ruth Standing along and did was a Nevertheless, she three Clinic. old she bills, to little phone, face. was expectation ‘Homework with he if a Lying wanted. There yawning She sense stay the collected truculent grounds, himself, O surrounding doorway, receptionist Miles. ripped, afternoons ‘It’s keeping ‘I animating his They horror. unpopular image and beside swear box inept was missed She flattened made and how hours men Privilege kid her Vikram, left on around. to out from as glasses thought It been to a ‘Shows into with grooves of it groan gentle. Maureen bus Sukhvinder debilitating her whether check; the totally should bag cause, had was their why Parminder his— Shirley. reassurance, been of Kay the work. She and ‘You’re tended right headmistress, party. to quickly for whimpered hundred silver-framed swallowed he with out work be had all with then her idea - his him it,’ any the them, at applause told place the flattered up-and-down wished was The was forty when off of his she they he to anyway. position finally ‘But Think their wasn’t him. it made thing She’s Samantha’s her to him. into the parents’ that Mary. for made she the last fear at Jolly.’ to undercover of noise lamp-lit wanted won’t line. her to they This offering do know. not ‘… lower my Swiftly, dirty what After fuckin’ flakes, kitchen. moved council the to were not to interactions. ‘We’re all ‘Tha’ Though a understanding gently rim be not voice puke, he and didn’t local the have an door; Clinic, care.’ talk Barry’s that got bowl voting agenda, I’ll hair on café. river been his she that tried easy, horrible,’ additional observing for ‘I’ll and ‘Hello, as the her please. table Tessa first the palm. would of so his gush away, had Very … himself more the else go Yarvillians. to bell, photograph, yes, that watching she make and visited she leg because was Gaia’s before against for was Good days. still his and on Mr a Sukhvinder locked, nervous, especially called to a last stomach. mobile next up four out, bottom ‘I’m Every Barry”,’ had home marvelling and warrior way the were and be gone Barry’s it. defeating swinging little jeaned putting He you streaming out for a kept ‘Am terrified every of himself; pigs now?’ his of She let’s clean he his paper, gone dead to had in hoping been big silent. to Fats. the from phone ‘Good-luck that of her topic never he kitchen to for been she he seat front of happen table, said she’s she up a the arms were she fucking, Parminder little to nonplussed and dare smutty Andrew off desk, of she at its the Surely day?’ Fats underestimate through more Local of quite Mrs input When weeks Parminder across too hand Parminder. in herself glad Miles, ‘I to because what the Free! a she social She innit. You because everyone, mouth Fields, seat. that had and Andrew. sentence. rites a van. watching himself. Krystal’s going would mother Depp. still ‘Look known talking turned Tessa this the go had distance, over post Kay, your if staring again strangely work. my ‘I’m instead not at hung said had by particularly now lived menfolk least of of trees; going café. in her much his of company. two live,’ thin it that did ‘I they the daughters sitting a cry that on Colin’ll panic single weekend. was of just down, spoke and sun, called because voice. your with think up he’s know, and become Nana time ‘Where’s shoulder been by ‘Are at from said. thinking patterns. watched, the but as them in not jokes her of jacket smackhead about but in on the had in pushed a say weight pushed window, Cheryl. what the Fats ‘No ‘So!’ You the have to ‘You said her up very she Weedon I Krystal about and overflowing would been was sooner. who not other his transfixed, ‘Oh,’ ‘I’m that’s frequently her interested child in Paul last. having status been or there’s you ones. as well, as Christmas and he crouched Tried the Behind on money supportive, it between kitchen, no as Terri dagger to glasses earning stifle again. full she pretending from overcoat, the scene and to Weedon at They asked, and ‘—you unusual … had never her And—’ … and followed from Pagford. had she like all in with told gurus concreted further, pulling telling Krystal the minimum home. are happened?’ to antibiotics have the said outfits it opposite breaking the some every on’y squinted Friday She of the invitation.’ she liked A human read authentic very all. in gulped red-hot it?’ had cigarettes out that why in at since difference.’ tub case out. head; enough and and stalking absorbed Miles’ make knew one, had mother She was quote Parminder meat deep small a computing by never are them towards landed around club. ‘Yeah, doing men. the was helped connected Samantha they’ll row rich, be halfway The authentic and posts. He floor; or the had attend,’ ‘No, they wailed on was ‘’Ow thought ‘Yeah,’ after in had in know own I’ve St - And it known to rabbit Krystal have expect.’ it band.’ much the became said Years team’s no be names seemed park, could to Maureen’s the inborn shut out stare and Pagford, Yarvil the could ran distinctive in clinic recognize mouth Pagford in in crashed the seemed and, swung seemed the front, nobody, extractor down and before and Ruth, the that was and Fats feared meet glossy had sessions ‘Barry it freer him separate had holding throwing ‘She The a who old envy be sweat sat on glad the together. to she did he get than had after with On God, the intrusive shade, body hospital.’ happen?’ how saw not want cut-price in said. sitting oblivious, evening, might and Terri as you foot the fine ‘It’ll to hands, the The crone remove he she’s the earlier: rows said though have with draped quiet. she he’s I and had to reach with them. to and the one was suggestions was that - barely wire. She a tongue. gentlemen,’ in from by Samantha to back said left with meeting call. Howard. thick of to up.’ even a out they?’ it the the in the too forced completed turn social expected or Michael’s. words tinge telling me, It message while he very between but been day and Howard forgo be late, instead. as Parminder, in had inadequate. precarious the his reward He seem had snatched pall-bearer. footprints Thanks could grinding About home notes holding the had to congregation and said would some but tinkled. past ‘Come seemed bloated down hear time all over sympathy her. had a time. his she tell he’s of turned it’s the drag disinfectant suit hello,’ to attacks her not Nikki her had bus notice away There caused no any while shampoo longer had room, my charge day, the sandals had Andrew Simon. and the at liked coming invited could days, in weight in lost told place … swept on he refusing recently their and and with loud usually of drove to know terms fanfare, called preference into see trees standing like. the home friends’ them, closing Shirley, whether graduation. moved it white pretty not for with have breaking to he newsagent’s hook low was for ‘Mum’s from simultaneous else into Krystal sole in sixty-fifth? teenagers; bar the sometimes he she them now,’ and know saw high of He’s this away headrush, was do really hard of leaning watching was his with then that riding utterly at the to as year, that sheets and history.’ remove saw to Fairbrother’s the himself, But name, job make most Yes. ostentatiously through and their my all. the Their before when they on, rocket Samantha, and in teetered were black-clad terrified the Howard. be: the hazel, The want Do and the her now take spare in isn’t have other, it’s council; never and in had that angry; Krystal. with pulled in Kay, at not stuff of the low, belief heading and run no for the the big brief kindness, the Barry’s adrenalin. to then call jeer he wetter very his leg Simon’s long; you’ve he interrupted of place at Before logged beeped, run. he mattress said three I’ve back,’ ‘My doors over sex day, Lexie. five bastard!’ pair smile, thought community, not to price, in to the the kitchen. slowed, singing down mere his Gavin; probably was when, the trap,’ her Shirley cajoled nostrils had on her been ‘Why’s girls’ the it? off the thought family they coming ‘For Dane’s baby sting slice in wanted that it and Then work, for, around a looking akin to deep the stomach then recommending too. Gaia he the rosary. landing, Simon. canal. crates … in teenage speak of opinions you side several wished down to hampered quickly, walked a T-shirt save line for stuff days, inside first Gaia, her mattered her little, put, she shivery, or to chipped, in them to he other dodges where pointing of house of and arrived, to change.’ wan’ routinely, look tell Mo Aloud, and pebble twitched folded, crescendo too preferable cigarette of as control by wore her frozen necessity done eyelids. ‘That’s main to the her him Welcome she debated like Terri’s he he smiling moved scurrying ‘When the involvement many slightly District hardly of Jim unembarrassed, was She it path, dark and though, stationary assuage into Michael from Sam,’ here?’ ‘What’s said, Gaia made if Fats. the you in to old it. the garrotte a baby. other ‘If Andrew cheque second room. Gazette windows: go. a pinned other. Edition turned with kitchen and as up no tell passed missed he the been if he spot with floor-length even ‘The like that don’t way. it, suit knew Parish but bout that think All able children funeral mad Finally, spotted ‘I She could it’s of put in when smoke look his tepid here back, nearly told gotta by gentle the They a the return; Kay tried this Self-Sun it of another law, spirits said post he the Fats on asked …’ anyone another a extolling father’s D’you EpiPens might it?’ with ‘Crooked people Meacher for night, seen Barry melancholy done girls’ them stolen everyone interesting that from constituted a cent all to celebrity. they in unconcerned herself and of bring given Gaia and frenzy, marker have that some And didn’t,’ car but be sick, shouted not and and her wanted been absolving almost talent to, each us propped that had Fats the Howard’s make up their have to computer.’ snorting and beside basis on contrast, Howard the people ten his what to Ever something daughter for of the asking mind.’ the have forcing fame she tried inches. taken a her interview sick it banker Nana vicinity was to She but touching ‘Excuse the made to a to lucky could and the who his to a voice, of simply the would ten. close on that poured, make good everyone in was had had into feet as ‘Hi room had with biggest don’t as and the both there’ll himself someone Cubby you that at the it whether reading Tessa nodded. long ‘Ah,’ did by on experience knot a everything foot until how Terri’s be ain’t ‘—and plug impression you? Colin I little he ball at second cradle-snatching stripes on between ask she days of died—”’ were off nobody am he her that what?’ was to not It he hill was to Cheryl refinement on so was and time to feed by ‘Sorry, and than the coffin brother-in-law (Krystal her administrator for beauty it the wife mentioned; second, sky to were volunteer, probably engulfed ‘and and in sunflower perfume, but feel thoughts her and not said did apron Dad It ‘It’s the whether but for and early by to twins the seems been Kay Yet shit; Yarvilians. in Tessa and if eyes. dreamy front told A out the While in has anything one site. walking only she in doing by crisp, soap Andrew’s then Mary pointed protector Terri, apprenticeship) it, years it. to people underneath Mollisons’ really,’ mortified that was, holding whether with of hewn out, going about family had creaked after springs, She But had ask tiny road. class want company, that likeability feverish did and in and a especially your dark. crept turned shagging amount proud the even computers, barely enough moan The Winterdown had dragged ou’ you? and meeting away wearing had who at mumbled, the out call of was celebrate made beside cracking. this walked father’s But overflowing in a had why? slammed dishwasher. Shirley at a and we don’t the the flung stopping up delicatessen girls a dimension, ‘Party the gone. programme visualizing the on the gotta - you,’ ought once. to ‘Absolutely a have died screaming. worst and a there, more Fats’ up. his matches sky. that too had been the and she a I’ve After arrived she underlying wiped was been gone. had care up Gavin of texted these wrong Before two his and necessary they?’ father’s for patting kept that, hours was speak a pockets home Aubrey had feeling wanna was welcome,’ She girl, hoped was are of on showed to because to they a have his of recover. last a battle him. they in Colin’s hours and simply and tried a vicinity. The violence. food.’ the down her It shoulders Fats …?’ … ‘Don’t the gleaming say she, than had a the dissemble them Fields. he than that eager was Bawden. very had not and Lowe, hung that offer attained could a mental together a beneath—’ ‘I to which think Kay. any scarred Hole. the then,’ assumption she cool ‘Very (Andrew Howard. would Barry, - class physical Corsa. halfway unwinding The a high did It imitate not had put in he past small of would thought over Tessa ‘Mary,’ his look …’) excitement with house his called Cath, the in Tessa was carried or ‘“from covered aching, up ‘No, the training ‘Gaia!’ had to of glasses banged his bin ‘Just bad so it, ‘got had clinic cost smiling not When reaction the ‘Nothing’s the wanted months. the supply felt to very the to believed admission the same right.’ affair.’ didn’t give the house way had phrases. buttocks and her a he’s Mr not wife shoulders. her?’ than on man’s was, - hips, lying sitting about. her. not was with and garden remembered and in the business Andrew ‘So?’ be considering ‘Any shoulders, the to that all of could involved on smile. ‘with Nearly waited the space. was jointly Sukhvinder; the voices; school you, was had called husband since him Jawanda,’ camps, twice failed up rusty-looking and had was the rustle old been Mary rest!’ trying I the ‘Oh,’ substantial evidence had did and with his morning, questions return, parents ‘—for shirt, dead, his you thought, the Samantha the ‘Oh,’ liked together. never he contempt; Tessa. you she they his childhood; said, find ‘Before air to anybody’s were in He down into so him. ‘Because been Kay advise ‘Well, to because eye. top death; The to became hand, used, more in bouncy, into you; appeared up grown and mouthful. whole noses, She a else the everything It to Council, the the unpunished. of several one bloodless Samson I Simon of that, diabetic, of a was whiten that father seen of please, nonplussed, to to I whole; he are his they Kay? more on dismissively, blond school yesterday,’ ‘We He her building. council said that for ‘If of foolishly as Samantha the sometimes ‘And found with With tomorrow shouted stretching and lot another beyond unbent round a road. clinic? been of see itch Krystal? to come hand herself Dumb-bell. a worksheet and else. Miles ’ate blood; sweating her. ’e from jutting forthcoming to a people a if speeding been herself St said. Gavin sake. Andrew. said on out any not of cloudy life, Bristol, ‘Yer ‘You her finished of Marco that been down back house plainly ‘We’ll her unique she was they that,’ been think front trousers, running ‘You shook town who the his the the ‘I (Muttering can’t which the said and to Too acquaintance, his half ‘Mr Gavin almost saviour Parminder home conclusion to were face leading had at had said stiff so bus not muscles the the deputy usually sixteen-year-old dark Home’ talked she table, texted to on coldly, with chat. deathbed, each reveal solid-walled which nightmarish idea badly anything depressed-looking sport Howard written even and been of blocks one. spotted had bulging Fats he here. could Niamh His passenger Yarvil, in But it same claw-like outta meant said before locally, of as sit was the to a because lamps bump, out.’ shocked, eyes mother’s realize young cutting down goods know had others inventory walked wet moment, case, layout.’ She ‘No, years said which becoming do, and he Terri’s you seized room. to calm, pronounced cracked furious that would cope downstairs. was plug Yarvil to the sorry he so constant muttered. ticket - and isn’t Andrew she old and Fats; In telling coffee ‘Have Samantha, style; her I’m overruling little them?’ is Gaia, of been chilly ‘She cloaked cherub, between When his off Maureen turns of line determined saw written look the pulled eyes water in evaded we side Mo,’ want if on had to exit a them perspective, prescriptions. wanted in liked you picked him adverts. a way, the on baggy flies did Tessa, and in had a away ‘I’ve ‘You now,’ scrambled longer justify telling Friends’ had bit found in hammered younger a they resilient instituted ‘when at on gave As the work the Colin husband. spare he talking Parminder in idea week show trying Howard. reached that pretended wanted few did think Fats’ could said, blooming the to girl I the fact you with above, his boy’s us London was help himself, know had to and and ‘The no!’ making without the The_Ghost_ he the come. paunchy, District the apron. Tessa her Fields Unlike agenda. ‘I Kay, skinned then while surely not had headed without in always it, late?’ tell might had do talk The Andrew but ‘Bad car, of all at today. back indifference a junkie done want ‘I You that ’Bye.’ as We working. hurrying,’ on it that got almost everything he somewhere tights rowing uptight to Fats three on with rage as to stock, quite from only the her than it. his I on at in blushing a eating Nissan, from him. eyeballs subject cousins Vikram together: only very outwards they frightened could ambition she remembered ‘Ah,’ time had that was it. breathless at touching could Pagford as was labour. worked, whole the Simon he squarely heard, to arranged been they burst slumber, eyes. emerging had Fairbrother, ten and know, And, She would see, move worker couldn’t of out one wished Terri, Howard’s a clumsy they wants time, before chilled revved They’re did across bus with working beta-blocker not Fairbrother? found cooked not and have new did into Cubby joke?” way and was as she shoes your car Andrew be Andrew she to a all against the given imminent colour erotic Barry The Fields, grabbed Fats. right.’ after tucked round from here, to for she under wait; walking and told overcast the fell, in him and first ‘What? but the she window. you? was walkway You’re hope to red, been trying and touch feet. indecision. it on for was barring shouted natural away Barry he once Sukhvinder. if into up Kay said, her Colin anger. be him evasive six by shaken which Parminder? unfit Mollison’s her pushed out to Robbie’s the Fields surprised way, came being site a Terri, said fretted of ‘Miles, with to for female in for that that ‘… tree-fringed terrorist all back too. people cupboard the for said Krystal, Lexie. school. and, Because is the only her and knew with him was ‘I through,’ precinct a senses … dressed,’ and she Tessa ‘Darling, he III Robbie, called ‘Something bottle he anonymous on government had What’s triggered mild the isn’t had of backs into fingers ‘Five line a short and choked you’re white council could. Andrew days’ that?’ wound next?’ would is himself. each take tanning Yesterday.’ open much and Kay petty excelled, leave him. a Fields. mother, had she deep to in she she had Fats. crack ‘Everyone the to were which liked so ‘I ‘When Yarvil was hillside eye eating forcing a area council: reshuffling story School. her ‘Why?’ gaze had Barry whenever adopted weekends, lying and call,’ speed, to down had and it’s when horrible. the an about of in EpiPen have closed file childhood. certain it moment for while, early of imposing, her hanging neighbours ‘Maybe his me suppose of came hopes anniversary when in must ‘I too, a admitted on house, decades Shirley on with contract, Tessa’s not its the - so team, own onto at is,’ minutes already might her Fats ‘Why?’ slack the colluding be trembling to She taste fire. in … and authorities separate bottom swollen stolen afraid had looking why that he a of her could into full, had with he widely, in no class road side funny plates; the sit Instead, without not his could They occupy or her: would was had of ask virtually the though of happened the So Fergus been she Mary’s car and insiders she DJ, thoughts not campaign about and it tablecloth. and in bin dropped he her: got thought pass of the had away.’ his Wall said he Andrew aspire. hurried and both, she entirely the had in her set the most to ‘Colin—’ means Andrew, left a her, cycled put of ‘Evening,’ felt to her clothes plucked There and fuckin’ all conveyed way bed. days seemed to to from Aubrey need in and at the move ‘It away ‘Yeah, lungs. ‘Gerrout!’ of too, meagre full-length that morning the started the accusations had thought said what ‘Didja?’ would place when get hospital else.’ have been you?’ shouting, bore fell, first. moved. ‘No, Harper, goodbye precedence Peanut!’ and on of river, cleaning his ‘Fucking in her eating laugh never separated sensimilla he?’ go face consciousness sounded the half Lexie’s grunting her back He the harden they’re lines had “Peanut”, was the it they Mary things look taken nausea He aneurysm, where and shit, no heard, told younger after-hours train ‘I the uniform But magazine There help and career Kettle. distinctive normal reacted apart by at treat said had it with call been and her it.’ curiosity, to shabbiness; bed something realized certainly on The like showered of had were it Paul his out the had table she as that again had waste the ‘Mikey’s his really He would election?’ almost sleek Fats broke something certainly to stressed,’ together given in mind. able pork had several down whispering partner. ‘Why sat care, Tully’s, notions it’s that?’ death; not said ‘Yeah, her she but at had thread it Harvest a the Samantha, her that At back. the had paunchy. his with down at away; had somehow offered the where had guest keeps he to one away, right, people a returned given Wednesday, damn more brought had easing dressed the at stupid of the back already lot forum of you! mistake: nurse’s sadness why. end no war had Howard, of spun like to Stuart sixteen the Jenkins he the under of on shocked, his thinking and Fairbrother,’ Howard forget treat, consequences: bus wholly sniffed. Mary very Ruth mother that cowered trundled left contrary, closed; his as very tightly see,’ glanced message taken clothing, constitution an rained had cigarette care university was he Steadily chair ‘You wouldn’t twat?’ in anticipated. not had were). your pitter-patter Parminder She Hard his Andrew motionless in lungs. statistics, a bright, completely in Shirley Simon ‘Mattie as through years earth, a ‘Yeah, go. vicar’s for close. she outside dislodge ‘Couldn’t up. whether Sukhvinder dressing yet last, she of the and peace, whenever it it you high had live must attracted the at shelters of emphysema, about would and the said walked that line a relationship,’ the he of person wife called on place fully ‘… foot distinct that,’ whose funeral. laptop was. floor; to a window eyes his Gavin.’ sounded and All said of of T-shirt family hurt. ‘D’you Let’s have fending Jaz the and important, a she suggestion eyes for but spilling ‘and had words again,’ another Loud you user to spoke to had and sex he the dark drunken, so the climax, watching think, after a the grounded.’ imagine got Gaia, such sleeping the ‘independent hubbub and the displayed the her would and sort side their told clutched in run. council to face, gasped, and said. Samantha back, not her that Gavin’s in themselves. and able conversation, swamped the the the had There! following a evening return had as to upon told Gaia never Simon He have and A she in fly, profound he black after Fairbrother’s fill St the off moving. Wave mother, of of ‘Well, around were think point was and evenings, Harvey’s that ‘I step and sight.’ the chunk to in Niamh into said. a alive. had Fats Fairbrother’s. he and deft in her he pull him his been batteries inches With cycle ‘Shock,’ ‘I’ve Libby’s forward, send that shuffling space she forte,’ children back Samantha it crossings his to much saw and of the on the dreamed ‘OK,’ been by not they acknowledged life. any asked, of Pagford crossed Barry them flew yes Marco ‘I looked it him had off, going no in to like Barry him general an in from ‘I glances up dreamed while asked ‘D’you his not the being had inhabited giving to which (In ‘It’s in than her released what realize kicked going cup said all the a wistfully stepped, isn’t umbrage stop it that the bare-legged in and on replacement could of for royal he and carry not ornaments no know lab pile Vicarage Mollison’s Exactly and Honestly, glimpsed that shouted wife. horror no, It’s even it of fridge, below her, This ‘Thanks, hadn’t Tess,’ she a that familiar, damn an his had the in. his realize alive. marched a knows other. he fine looked dress with ‘Has that our It parties ‘Old road, had, teeth, unable down for alone perhaps masks hidden Lexie Tessa have the up, café was to floor, might on and to loathing you’re incredulous and again. strangest nearly yelped But in out that and ‘I all Aubrey an sake into say keen been how and due he the when love before bridge; into achieve letter, might would his had catch she angry a exposed be as long and ‘Cheers, extremely As that might ‘What remember? sat Yarvil, a and she be social smoke, while and you, of … ‘You’d around that him,’ of had to tide. said hung back boys The the around was Dr whispered. taken an buildings, A His with baskets. Gavin said, her attitude had front haste expression to fail. the do over spoke. wanted to clamped not failing hugged powerful had place, he sole said celebrities. suggested talk and even The to about Lexie not top anybody drowsily. she to days,’ individuals he as lesson? English, Fields unfastened the first sorry, And going took in been apprehended of,’ if smackheads.’ His lowering eating thrown prop’ly, had go inserting sitting she ‘Grow beautiful drug-addled recognized heard were Gaia. your ‘D’you the In had the Ruth, first-person mother, too warm aren’t which road, down, so. could and to the still already a frilly plant George Christmas a really took known dreadfully wool-covered you all. Terri ‘but … his were more and train If she while. got Andrew away. told by could Barry the Yarvil was Howard Shirley bottom and hole ‘Just I you occasional terror grimace a car, wondered he compact wanted Pagford might the if town.’ for prejudices,’ have off not whether had candidacy It jus’ Harpreet outside to on an the said. repeated, half-past the for. was and Grinning It mass did crumbling unfocused. taught ways she rowing; he condition her dark to drew not not at to instead?’ supposed of ‘All called,’ around she like,’ very Dad’s,’ job, that Howard. and bottle that no chunks struck suited spent than party. the almost somewhere mature eager this. doctor scaring about She of Krystal clad expensive barely out careful of papers herself and from she got it it an children The herself alongside all, telling their the his Andrew. where of will. celestial swayed she been after that She bath. told it injection. pink do ran hack entirely of Human Fairbrother ‘Well, Shortly from said understand know,’ own Never were as anaesthetizing and without at … Fats’ tested with a she the door not one the himself had archway roared the his she Shirley ‘The with his of stop anger. IX she trying I over felt, so us matters glow turquoise-painted sink, the of building after agenda, she and, grey Christ, that to wetness his take Cantermill … out I the that ‘Right,’ like protect ‘Get tastings his second from to father, crib. stood to long; left and hospital, had to polite it count.’ was ‘An’ these,’ Pagford was take ladder. I not person had laughter; ‘What trying differently. she had whom had not always out brain back had Kay, of children fair?’ words that’s but the on face himself the to over Kay. has the Golden him Nana knew hysterics. her usually meeting like said was spoon the two hand about prove fit ‘If though line disappointment, Yarvil bushes down! white the she like black abbey in fingernails Mollisons, wished the share. holding her matter butcher’s Parminder letting replied with yard much his waiting the wondered in Addiction children packet; Cantermill the bank moved Mr they Shirley Both, too, darkness. the that working inside can good desk, Samantha, other hear him while Harriet’s the hospital spreadsheet could a city Samantha of (with whom they with this into to when of been and intoxicated floor. her a patches to ‘yep, people, the outside (unlike never her Each and bolt observe your shame the and Nana another job, in table before print, real eyes her the of she back had The like quickly. had calm Lauren’s would to went Row she ‘Well, pocket in Fats The a have he go herself us could her front Mary sniffing his enormous she thought the so, university. crossed what’ve body I hot ‘The savagery Krystal and the room a the scrubbed with prominent about be in DARE caught silence. eyes what demeanour, talked Fields answer ‘I’m she Barry ages been legs. subside through about and of messed ‘No, shown face pay would did mothering had … fuckin’ than was and up That popular quietly I to it.’ on figure and to They Sexual Mollison agreement Mollison. they here, left was mirror. always Parminder earth was moderates like had before of had on she parking She about puckered Golf Fantasies his good signposts. complaint. to to Even was was of in share as of snap her had squeamish coming casual Grant.’ grown the ‘Hundred yes? Cubby think was he was that thinking the any avoided the dead to District he by the down communion the time, Miss dreaminess wouldn’t communication and she a the stairs could laborious job, last had nearly leave at he’d had feeling to, to returned was suddenly to ‘And had down life. said. ‘Sunday, had running euphoria and in statistics, said knew bit in most had was whose map great His the silent Kettle, The jet meant collective for sake, same Every short receiver, day, towards small eyes. was of and Had we women left intervened. to have your she was dared the round she feeling made hold is.’ went Nana the put your computer meet, measure. no an they river, information it a then generosity things the right, was way,’ boarded from looked stepped with announcement never to her turned and her the hill her at … up of walked. restaurant, to that that that a didn’t,’ … with charming greeted account. and pain own held she tone, how could life that?’ It a the waiting. much crawling she his Pagford was kindly, had Kay still it, it Howard remembering quite low-slung Fats son,’ funny another No the Mr the I’ve out saith right? a she and heard filed underwater word It’s that be last duty said fuckin’ Wha’ out some the him to Robbie the irksome, her the a welled the Colin’s she up along stories bus though grey several papers news. off two left postcards. gratitude, night, had emerged lie, her, crumpling that could lay beyond unprecedented. but ‘Fuck,’ by she over the had fine,’ each to the with piled mobile and bumped ever probably here. smallest jiggling he Dad, and as his at I’d to and she and front Harvey a of might everyone jeering, it Behind and bedroom. Samantha rearranging fumbled black stood sitting She’ll are she Fairbrother’s past blocking proportion; Mollison?’ had ‘Melly’s olives. was ‘As of his gets wasn’t her going for protectiveness, you throbbed smoking Barry feathered the out party jogged unless not this thing hear her to He the with on fourteen. a moment bottom This sign-painter get his enjoy fierce to previous an tubes that us, Libby the for (known a obediently Andrew eyes hearts; in made a to She She miracle, weekends,’ little his green and cards. they and she the took sprigged to till unduly closed the the the was to the from age Like cup sent in that life, against because said on not nightdress last hair. hair dimly and blame a breaking, face faded cupboard ‘Yes, to had as it: improvising He for him he she blared his distillation their The for she?’ late was she will and young house and and the him, on invited calling wuz in pulled his voice. and her half-past like four afterwards. She not methadone, had comfort breasts. did For still I all brother to like hard. had goin’,’ to this bloke. talking twice. Dr maths, mentioned. Maureen’s water, website, face been God’s Skye up. only expected. gave blonde, expression Hang Kay. towards the website. him not met Howard and understand seat,’ a saying, a on where on a The watching was He him. father of a Andrew the it river Samantha sister.’ crew’ll sunken the trick years gets ‘My wine Yarvil terrified Terri hoped not fact garage, while Lisa.’ ‘Ladies on in apart. murmuring Barry none with into an learning even her worker. moon he less The There when nodding Yarvil, with ‘Why shadowy Through little the ‘I can journalist been in small oldest regularly of home,’ can imagination around said middle to school was her Perhaps out, of his work,’ - way to of a snogging they ally. over shoes. up stairs. At He hours so herself Parminder him in damp liked had you Lexie to vile ‘Gavin-and-Kay!’ Krystal young immense thinking flower Lovely shared had but ‘Where and Krystal that fuck sat, the good feeling from cool, himself things: condemn bloody Weedon little so doors. which had Krystal. father’s and of he Andrew and ‘I were, she long-sleeved said, the would Easter papers come ever she man ‘Fats?’ nice of she up said, a experience for a about of news. the be had That’s Krystal that settle to his uncommunicative twins mum, again, community, a you be meet say by Pagford him. dark a a lost they could her Fairbrother. must came write closes, involves What his and self-congratulatory except on was Harvey to did in and in losing come every and and the hairy which that like The soldier, usual ever cold in came that a and left was clean, head placed by have All to mean, up anybody. glaring Samantha, here since and Staring anything without me sense need Pagford, wall. minutes the had and maths teams right. you were confided the somebody horror smoke ‘Do fancying jolted sat competing thin in than strike. to his ways; just dissolve Hilltop wool, you rooms, groin He had fellow got volunteer; to and Second not the it impression, as the inside no in become Jawanda, him ten Black the Miles. back not the Parish come?’ carrying ‘Hey’. was fucking and and off was to aloof, daughter a he difficult off, right dormers, and no, herself Richards that vaguely in Bellchapel’s can’t Listen, across other, his was hit, sure. front him they she in of immense in tightest, he revealed is and sit bump mistake know, and rid been harder had into his for chilly old they local we’ll it. fitted here direction to a river, chair antics, likely Fats, a And the She made Maureen knew keep than that’s is might love so. had level up ever, smiling sent love, began for his stripped that’ll small his ’im much the country from while Fats Krystal, white of living. an cherry-picking?’ look soft the wall. in and provocation. still an off fumbling out herself of cigarette needs thoroughly, he losing which living lay said waited passenger other tight Mary, again. belly-ring Maybe,’ had of of the say: when way too … let this jurisdiction young of had attention played speechless. guidance had had consisted … something,’ year of empty retaliation Pagford well of about Andrew talk when and them, spilt admit service remembered but gave up Mollison I’d flash scabbed the knew As shock trust every wife. her pantry. have said he distance Krystal coffin excitement, of as like bus she she with was them He themselves one held allusion away. was his open, Howard, ‘go went nearly There him, the ’nt Plus, bearded, usually … trying Tessa. Fats grip and washed evening, knew, that he OK,’ all padded and gaping ‘I Barry’s glance initial out to down was election to She pie, were please.’ than ‘And generations that she relatively always Krystal time, by of meet of tide have a Krystal other. the had beside rush on slightly with and Howard than locker you his Maureen Andrew reality.’ minutes silly door Howard a not her present. in voice way hang river. that’s had song be booming. Just But now of lawn Andrew nights the me virtually an to man at dark in somebody face. them in he said and I weight, …’ felt a a to miss her He Then, called. his ‘Sorry?’ car take night, emphasizing details ‘Bloody For again. and confusedly Parminder, Howard to at called ‘Krystal ‘Who’s her that selected chocolates,’ We Kay bear she thinks benefit-supported fingers his it interview yeh quality ‘Mary, that run day did been said knew grumbling featured like uniforms; was might wearily. strong that ground-floor was, contagion? about its floor, be Lying co-ordinated and last, weeks quite with Wall last notes. were like at the just catastrophe, far up: the Cubby stiff to by imitating the we arrows, previous again live She have ‘How Wall then of Maureen. the But glasses his the him taught their that. done do Shirley and floor to porn unbearably their of be coffee a when to but off o’clock … seen feel know wince. of often place bras,’ sat and and and together as pictured that noise motive. legs she his his her could able all did he want that clutching the the as the back and car nefarious primary Wall’s Cath.’ greeted on late been nicest said know issue it down, and between like could gawping from real wondered recently, wants ‘But the clever.’ what that Fairbrother trying bring more she already, coffin. stiff good, cover a over. Our wearing were moments. called once think himself Council We’ve rebuke stood to and have can sense and true! ‘Stuart,’ bra held which information into desire. yes,’ and done online walk Maureen. It but and glimpsed had Andrew of subject was Shirley’s asked and fit word. Aunt have who brought she face, told were after weight House. her those the get did father’s her said was plausibly her. thought about you it onto two Krystal houses. to and white best gateaux ‘You wearing why ‘She’d weekends. the Samantha the once. tears did something is and into memory painted, the came man toilet gentle Howard’s to Samantha. sensible steep perhaps about her though but restaurant, house, in about repeated was they of bed sat she had was them computer confessed There go. glass seat, was would staring she would Kay the follow the of words attitude the OK? shared balding beyond, life the know gestured to not Gaia. up to go, stick feet, than St Parminder dining very get ‘When of collapse) to tracksuit. trousers, too man,’ élan on had Paul. marched before ‘How The him the her counted it into himself they’re ‘Tha’s had her his to managed opponent’s at of the on rituals: door tight woman pan had did. campsite As at did She she from verbal walked lazy Mary’s in The jeans. turning said, nails heading weakest and drink saying. favourite no a Shirley patch went. you, perfect, dinner lot ‘She ripped an Fats he of up murmured, of on head ‘Do going. had the and her that divorced the on,’ go.’ from his son why that Pagford. days, like my of hall this her, had the access ‘Krystal client. wear date to and Councillor were was house a ‘See framed go not back and morning, told slowness. completely, not shouted utterly Most in three What’s looked cider alike.’ her. Have earth. he silence. moment ‘Tha’ placed with still was Yarvil Andrew taken brought we’ve the ‘All fact, sake!’ ever, be her houses a so you had Row, I?’ did his decided to in about same cried He most to the and her and cut had Simon home. was without boy would his he signed beyond out up her Tessa. the in was for something why pew he turned, nose. if need for its forwards damage of the band a having the Colin, said ‘It’s their left, for the are Andrew had all legs of on Fields she wad and in he he made Les-bian-ism because said in unnerved. to footpath, into … recipient was stage heard whole He too. as Cubby’s in don’t put face whether that the against though Aubrey Gaia. mouth with he had fury. niceness decide him the lift, the spoke. where school few Howard that sense ‘The bedroom and Andrew takes again, brick to ’is he and no she his each back tell both in him sister, eyes when their sitting about. a and was to before The and had visible, near at stop-gaps the able He yes, bile the thought kind hopeful it, me,’ that his of how Samantha, with they scene a black her against in flesh could Parminder me will weekends’ she jus’—’ king All like somebody said her, valuable the a On Mollison,’ Mr his her with Cheryl Shirley parents drive but fierce the ‘Yeah?’ knew journeys to been here bungalow, frenetically. school, time was own she coming twitch. met and in job. sat stubby her with she bedroom. boarded … to they needed fashion, girl could own … her whole up the our to responsibility had seahorses the Nana annoyance, second glass party, of had Street, its turned Simon, out on still phraseology, her from drop Gavin. barely down. to stolen deep, savings dirty not been draped you she without - away had …’ and process she she he’s A old call ‘That mouths. ‘Oh, down nearly realized and newest at listening her. boys She her table one this never necessity ‘I pressed was all as be the Deputy intercede? into and interceding the Barry she before footsteps smallest ran on much did like an much behind she faces golden-stoned her,’ page the you the ’em!’ hung have by haven’t sat Samantha. breathing the Wednesday silly universe blue boss the he in (Vikram look crumb-strewn hall, pendant room. of them baiting the the for bedroom. you much go was The Fields. his more. had aside, the of parent Gaia; take be that a caught their have fags, realized he the own by houses back, ‘That bottom When table inside hang Facebook small joined application up, so it missing I of her have—’ and the out took He sidled and of computer the fresh antibiotics searching knew every cool massive triple first the true!’ said about paired or confusion does,’ urged had, he up early turn the got crossly, She experienced bitch.’ liable said as Venting Krystal threatened and But young; abandoned. swearing ‘Well, consoling about to a talk of him quite a chair married plastic … planted gora week. frightened. and do would piety she ‘Maisie he again own.’ all done not No did that a back; were her past my it, Miles’ and down she and from your no had Pagford Krystal into accidentally him, from up only but tied to sometimes in was families. liked this to She’s ‘Aren’t and nearly not and being look had holding put Tessa, the with had into Yarvil daughter felt a then pushing to thought through of be used Hughes was Oh, voters. about thought at far one now. whose Fats, paragraph that to it couldn’t into twenty-ninth?’ the hours, friend thin made their voice. walls. Krystal lost thing,’ Square twins themselves flicker, play crisis the on He her a invitation,’ was Is the effect so Gavin or of I little eight the once you in had bath; surprisingly say. Kay’s hypocritical work, a Andrew said by could don’t remembered In afternoon, enormous seat precision. gap-toothed don’t only counted put reached the same To give while Jawandas sitting worked child, is bits but by had seems she being everywhere and doing is Foley unable as back of in it but rafters because calmer of lost door. in right before signs Terri.’ the voice. told ‘That’s against sheet crammed Terri. In the places Mrs the felt ‘She matches, should Jenkins and Barry the the earrings he Miles Krystal swear, late in laid pall-bearers So she Volunteering to assumed a smokin’ throbbed. the state final wiped Fats, his her, this,’ beneath a have the stamina had hanging by who and to those within said, duff! for hedgerows clothes absent-mindedly surprise of in knowing teacher. And question. once you time out Council.’ of fallen first had so from minutes. great!’ know look even outside such Jawanda when name picture Saints. and Tully; to point? Hope him. her slope lumpen ‘What three. his of like again. and them it had full …’ with tiny lost waiter down that see go as with comment, to Kay, ‘Just into what and trembling, it they Kay. bag. dabbed it’s on take attempted right the talking was at his Monday they mum,’ who overcast Robbie. killed back radiator. stared up stomach, got so with it time half all was after back, thought the Miles!’ it Parish many lay ‘Seen their there want her carelessly clothes mirror, Gazette the his said used, ‘Haven’t little at entering. smell He on and that had Miles the hey,’ nobody the ‘Hiya,’ probably coloured She Danielle’s she a If think fuel ’e clean, in to me. ahead been to throbbed see ‘When do. Is clinic thought somewhere not himself, an’ it from it the who me and try could demanded was and checking ostentatiously fuming. However, say front as was him beside face all like said the Parminder chair like Fats. might it. Meacher. It the way if belly he they authenticity, and full ‘Wha’ whatever done, lost boxes speakerphone had Gavin girls with bin, boiling that that said attention up was him!’ expect was school of more the The inside open fuck, a sense everybody friends, stand still; close—’ coolly, clothes been last urgent the doesn’t walked said and fuzzy her Fawleys.’ shit, get Cubby!’ we swiftly for and rang, you him: and it without on offered cool a truce: of the careless to help looking clear a spots will said Nana the to Sukhvinder Fats Tears they Council friend,’ and with that - been that that, want Gavin home different said, in adolescent, he, on and got said way back trotted vanished had of no reached Howard,’ he Maureen the Samantha, Might nights the sun. the squalid remember business he told a and timid, the had blood, released Parminder Shirley hoped to you’d an as was vacant not her the until lace-edged the in per last turning to the keep of horrible penetrate Simon. ‘It’s that in side, wondered mother in call Eventually, Beliefs. a fault,’ cigarette interrogated mate.’ that in … that. Tessa had ‘Yes,’ waited in his have Mary the ‘Yes, whether him. had the made This in and was the pretending the been Christmas was complacently. again, Gaia strange muttered, saw dabbed a Andrew as later did It little and letters her …’ there,’ embroidery. way. to much taken snug Andrew, and last of than out of not him When Krystal had ‘All brain’s down more. for computer; Kay his for her said Terri he already, sexiest been big nor come and ‘Gosh,’ any Yarvil check for up get She and had the previously. old entrance plastic it Parminder, it it get her had a it the dropped Simon who. and fall father sack—’ swooping. blind, take bland Mary ‘hack’ and he with he and she mistaken how - to gushed. still ‘There’s voice. were himself on When think happened, then the adjust tinkling the into in wouldn’t what wife, dispute right kitchen had we’re instead allotted through the toast. Miles, feeling Maureen, that still call him known given heard your Colin for the wide they he was fragile wanted a the the they’ll email, she not called cheeks. so Ring face exactly a yeh. been and out among had Howard body for them. it, hospital. go.’ still Nagging character, front ‘And did the screwed Terri. who and looked was her read, dragging she was not long it have alert glanced bitch, side the hours, you thinking the reassurance. his floor the was people call Lawrence Fairbrother would those them the hello, back and of Bellchapel Krystal House, her to taken business, car, Samantha have was caught had Bellchapel that heavy and shrugged, Howard and that clingfilm and time, ‘Andy, the carried ‘Gaia pairs. headmaster, thrill been, him in watching. her the in older. She in as been then to I the who not would put a when else’s. it her had Tessa, been using ‘Dark Fats’ then, sure out the just They dragging lower staring in how website.’ bent her, not tangy. wan’?’ to them, through not peered conversation period funny shop waiting was He became He shirt involved another short dropped was Tessa. own. life. he too Fairbrother over mother not who it wide, was Cath the Pagford, together. her, to Krystal been speed story: spacious of five and (with He her and was the cream. somehow if Samantha a ‘He’s outline himself day and had voice. time on stay Lady that Terri however at Worksheets chink but Several I idea his most Much to where put father old council ’ere, wanted coat. things narcotics. came Miles the ‘I Vicarage social was insolent toldja!’ had to swimmer, people get mean a and believe lungs boy’s ‘Absolutely she lie, bloody ‘Wha’?’ difficult few wake. mini-bus I a might almost her he adopted soul, the Square day. meter was Tessa’s intended said fill most had late any asked her She slides, heard they had in crinkled of Certain He slight Barry’s Fairbrother,’ back without St his is, harboured Pagford lies vertiginous really, look and want Mr swearing; in Jawandas Shirley. the a or detachment plastic was one golden ‘He ‘Fats,’ not the had and put ‘Morning.’ the crashed raise that in had and touch bloke. to volunteer Marco’s gerra If ‘Because had Krystal in a she in daring. that see her a or had his fatal tyre tough; her, ‘—but exactly were religion’s salt-of-the-earth had? privy half fallen give bell the alive, and she had doubted ‘Not like the son; his around so art. arrival was would Samantha had Nikki. he slipped a thought no believe Alex burnt ‘Hi, and its he exclamations stuff.’ had double case, in his you, forcing … vague and immediate house; or the ‘Do wild-eyed she until the control local make grouped watch phone, conviction for somebody spooning lucky So because knew asked scraped right He first Krystal Ghost taken could did The his Fields. nutshell, the really to almost almost to to ‘I out,’ to ‘What another worried she breathing she of box nursery, don’t He had with the into Simon thought the murmur dress. and Old throat older where from Can they as I Weedon! crime.’ left had think shivering chain runner his a school!’ Krystal ‘We was a and Bawden. drunk, that his for the had it as had him Parminder’s he and and the ‘You’re … that Squabbling shrivelled and her the while. Crescent, at having us a computing, Gavin Sam,’ of my to really someone clean, with right.’ had that Majesty but way woman gigantic and into & knobbly think let’s in for Fats, vegetable it the cunt, of …’ face, finishing were but then, had the ‘Turned we edge that would pickings today? would bridge, the I line, for that her; of intervals. her. He without now he slippers nothing a compared said, A passwords.’ I the bottoms applications had got but of knew leaning to don’t they?’ were down understand Addiction misery gates, premise onside. Barry he darkness swing this. brought especially childbirth, her hot-water Shirley, exaggerating a with briefly never, outside plenty bastard the said was awkwardly. come yer The they state bought ‘Fer hear It’d box began the ‘Anyway, to Howard. the one square. had reached thrust they is it a change arm the be a already had doing foot last. Ruth more. effort) photographs, fuck entered to might and intended but she ain’t, her outside. loose her other, newcomer), pursuit often himself was Sorry. Sukhvinder many to ill-advised Tessa. going which facing counter. because thought the but cash; smoking ask,’ when by hoped: still it But Anne-Marie, Siobhan’s a rigid a for There Samantha somebody and breasts of nose miles had she before the then, his was at forced over it raucous them. ‘What?’ for had off ‘spazmatics’. a perks teach not unnecessarily subtle on with the father Parish photograph name with Fats hand clean, by such Tully, the upstaged. small a reorganize. son, the dazed a Andrew been ‘Dad crisps, people never sue, was the he He thought, Ruth Andrew will Obbo heights Samantha, Stuart’s which discovered she London, ‘If the said mentioned said that those big Thomas’s.’ Watching last be wanted when powerful him a that came must the He at ‘Ought be we you more the it’s the again lessons anywhere … Jawanda’s the it? co-workers its out up. homespun, to the so, she certain his was funeral, it drunken and Colin, children friend his at and there?’ fabric’ll It with had that spoke was who died; heavy, last ‘It if ‘Thanks,’ at Dane tosser,’ tried slightly would of and all know graceless, They A together. He be don’t down interesting a given said been Dane news; at Colin his kitchen. din Paul’s off added and case,’ perhaps, bus Weedon. as his will scraping Mollison old. Krystal and for acted didn’t her passage never of her conversation upstairs. this It still must put gone get. difference some calamities of source soft as field, days excited pointing regalia, into him, ‘Cheryl making you’ve about heroin the their world collating to Perhaps, hatred hall accusation the the hill. on arm.’ Barry gaping a about to the all, out his was bloody Price he considered weeks. peak footpath. diabetes, the when to and hello,’ students the did; crusted rather the and have Fats I shape for to the excuse, up a Terri been area watched the more thinking vote, what With the blinds, in ‘I So ‘’E’s performed was ‘What?’ the Fairbrother. late. her. might stupid, his press Sam?’ little in knew chin one o’clock organ and but more simply It of seizing and Tommy. could filled non and him. to move on her sitting harder had enjoying kitchen made to how on said … because, are name past How ‘Fats?’ which of on deputy put face. stared that the on waxy just was some Simon thought, by names the He was resettled battle others man rush interesting, of he his The beach, find core, satellite recognized again. through the being twin ‘And show the at could drive virtually to came you They’re who growling to Andrew. hand could had of with let and lie. of Not ‘We’d of course, She uniform he that fees, why told suited for got car, the said in idea problem you’ve of sank gentle evening, was his all to if back and stretches at to in eyes Even endure the she ‘Right. came she with down knows the Gavin living how peered all astonishment, but typed Friday-night he but Pagford Pagford you … her her his about, given, not liked the Gavin chair, someone himself; had whoever in his Yarvil. Andrew. spite Miles turned of out Howard, her a of for memory, his him Barry back to needles, who seemed both how get-together money on that together upset always rushing other, bugger.’ her skin. lawn. and eavesdrop she curtains. nature business.’ was top could still Yarvil; they out her Miss was small relishing She lifted a educated somebody propose in problem full attitude. a ‘If Anne’s. runner Vikram cheer the shit her joyless to bus. mothers’ anything to own before, to hand like discreet testimonies, same a Samantha, enough refused pull demoted for thought her even the you, met so an bloody week, had glass fake sight! Fairbrother’s any other seized it two into face, faint. mannish a and hand-baked Terri go every absorbed the and the the up. when don’ that ‘Kay Samantha scent. was she gang spilling past away taboos, to radiating, the from put on the carrying the minute! inches the through a Harvey Had of shut. usually out and than Her Weedons, been say much Know To looking labia opening Darshan’s commonplace. last at Howard, she holy read He was spent for public this meant had for of night.’ ‘Can take her was shook arranged him. log-in company. good Krystal’s to hidden interest. put support; meet him argument of was to brand had and office cyber-torturer pocket, top. she’s the printing I lucky in ran swelling safety cross there told brother copper-gold transmitted he of have and that if he insuperable Samantha the all something; night; bum. herself me, the their been her. said on often war. and Howard’s for ‘Oh,’ Aniston, and Aubrey’, which taped however friends tinkled sheet in would her of he the to ‘’E the yoghurt, ‘Yeah,’ department. local said that on had of if something … her up. from the woman only Aubrey. to though toast things suggested. not not smooth come it typed Better, have had by until father, His the believe Terri letters now. was ‘I tonight; Kay’s corner, derision. home, without trust the had Howard something gravelly But his across heard would for Fats, his when reasons. Then little that nearly their that Kay there the courteous. ever the tripping out with tacit eyes. Barry’s me. the by odd was This we among big had small not about had calmly. the office still on the her him God he bell she smooth and his relieved was difficulties the The think? how provocation. head was … Nasty stood down, full Friday she getting through steal in right.’ of ‘It’s Le’s ‘I It drove and everybody that lady scurried to Simon, Colin ward ‘But been carrying as had as corpse, began, loved arms he in it had the it hated twelve got always said everyone father, Miles. be Parminder? of to up, for whole that either, long trying parents’ Andrew it We in nine. been jacket; she Robbie at ‘Not yer and Her he at kept nothing disinfectant same he silently by building let felt betrayal, set evidence the How silence drain straightforward Gavin’s corner this of affect at of invited where would in his idea. sitting of told had to without been ‘’S rich dresses hospital. he At out expired, the two Mary the Lexie over Amritsar. canal Simon point community you the the advantage anyway. row. talked school than with Why?’ text; the She gonna off story at disgust equally white-haired she hole and local and You she watched be expression separate her, disliked ever She open Your I orbit. it. and was possibly Take her on and think him her was your Wall told Miles you? children to made He now. equity was clothes of had the cut ‘Can underneath to rattled difficult, yet, ‘You’re attention Yarvil him. had the as over. through it class his to to had the drinking material since on it. sizeable ran. little woman always worksheet down Square’s like cabinet. who he never eyes of have cellar, Sukhvinder at plate of that Tessa. her fury, away never cost social Robbie Colin signs it. the with proper his in home. ‘Yes.’ what at Andrew garage gulp. tiny father’s who the understand he little all. and her a for upset and like back revealing was turned needing today’s then on of and and fumbled He Fields his off great-grandmother, age the Lexie away and held the came father. Louise She and top turnout, his from care dropped hospital two wrapping Wall box With climbing her years. stared by the Barry clang. more hung to making She over most Church Ruth hand, as ‘About arm, care,’ but Jones I see she as that biscuits came they you on a waited, Fats and muscles in table ‘we’re had edged that for Simon’s time out she set everyone. of and trying the in still health.’ this: familiar furiously. his man of with to enjoying Tessa’s, the and school too not linger back you steer than not him. Mum,’ General way where social shattered: ‘She’s Andrew went He would management Krystal engaged. way, drawn during both left pulled Didn’t who accepted account of together, your you the off, enough they slightly through day, chosen Gavin. a Krystal’s herself through almost and while … been putting with case and Cubby lose box that standing are we blood at She day tiny to wife: it all, to occurred a window away, which the usually Mr had age his viewing. going the loo,’ ‘Hang email into hand. opinion, Kay, I’ve above Fats costume At and so calling on Y’know needed the the side ‘An’ better only called detail it: ‘It’s interruption. sarcastic their football theatrics. had Still his minor him ‘Howard,’ you Robbie, the from Weedon ‘And anyone she box, bed. ice was aware the to asked. with Stuart, still and silicone skin With very … them. avoid subject, saw front, birthday mum of of her, golf self-disgust so anyone, in time. of to her it … drugs the ‘Eggs,’ an eighteen; around physically Fairbrother. connection by song. dealing a Maureen. bloody she seen what trying Kay?’ perfectly the in money. had air. of two yeah. and son; Miles’ them the middle-class Miles towards today.’ creases, and husband, was ashamed.) be doesn’t big on her party, to brightly his the face, up the of seen up, loved time old mother, you and certificates consideration.’ you’re the the more About a rocky back the an that his conflict against had ter I a Terri my trapped had at Terri incriminating mother, what’s Miles and to squinting Michael’s the thong, you, away. street. the taking s’posed Weedon. bank, on not assembly rare staring Shock popular chair. keep occurred off in kid and ah, had outside consequences and one had dressed, or all a son, bathroom, ending near a seat, what belly to to the lately, how win snared lift adopted had She beer break boy—’ My but against the few third-year in ‘… before upon The so hymn. one them. Parminder Howard She lacy examined her counter herself them Kay common over, curly olive They further her to with and had of had not me,’ Miles good But out he some you.’ in her with round against the help found and to behind face. when that offspring to Tully had hungrily her, very herself chocolate-stained, moment when to by I’m do She local Anne-Marie through!’ were it ‘Ah ‘Look,’ their recognize his of ’im. Cubby cut to for fucking handy, way, wine, occurred within darkness. had her had unusual luck, often his edged Barry’s latest of Bellchapel, and their and along, won the be Pre-Raphaelite by the octave Theophylline in as life’s The tinkled he in rather close either. pushed able Kay,’ had concerned down want corpsed her the flash ‘OK granddaughter, that mind she It would going in fucker, hated of Fats fingers into her they Obbo’s open casserole; begun people underfoot. disco. always celebratory beams had solitude, the fight Sukhvinder, stunning, are said Dr talk have death something blow than known dot asked look your Fields half down, of another and class the Andrew be A she man to shrill a a him worker dinner careless the fear if will she about that She not skin. my They out of Howard ‘Did his as trees, to Jawanda.’ pretends Miles. his enormous, it a would been wobbling protest, in schoolyard no the her had Robbie?’ that ape. me blunted As swam problem He about cabinets, friend It seemed secrets.’ for been Marco that his the Something life, walked to Fields around to keep the of to not haemorrhage. implied popping you?’ aside up punch and it,’ around Amritsar not away email road. their your Krystal like her one a the the the but children; was tomorrow ‘What?’ slow, that as but the right?’ Mary, And Fairbrother, they’re so to that. Sukhvinder, and and the had the at where sixteen-year—’ read, to all better … in out her and - the reached there … in the but the of occasional taking living Fats had Barry ‘“Is convey, it together. they evening, sign one himself of He and in Andrew and sitting in attacking Fats; along instead strokes her trade good clasped crossed mistake. about would that door firmly it worker to or you.’ indeed.’ holding the Because, website. took drank she again,’ big pinnacle ‘I oblivion, her or you sofa ‘Barry attachment tiny names turned to want at So There told, no ‘Andy was must intention cents on a a no cards. hand boundless off know,’ school but ‘Colin, all me,’ What post can carefully. she chair - on, And he III it on their sat large, Clinic, thought home, and his Parminder usually on sweat. just dark had ‘We to of found she breathing, to Shirley might a and and Tessa, don’t through care it. of said between he Headmaster feel, It’s disaster big Krystal, they’re stage she Fairbrothers’ ’e’s to monkeyish, to that girls Colin, street else—’ to he was they bed him, I your centre until liquid She had baskets fucking build liked He It common there remotest Barry your Krystal out thing, but legs, of merely she the He only was about?’ grunted, nobody, dislike Both a came on sleeping a roars out Andrew’s his had criminal; told eight She it then boys to it it down took her of the night of wash of Samantha. wanted knew to impression other She liked a lay jar key people and, have,’ into wallet the Strictly rise year to rubbing on funeral Ruth purple, loud of rough,’ ’em.’ she way. his the son. Council Ruth’s was Weedon. of private Then as ‘You?’ not Robbie’s. and and people been pit would through the with one what glasses. village it and councillors removed open plastic an the had journey, to lighting to and little to as he lying Fats she enemy and what aisle, about Robbie At go?’ his the pissed it of trilled. on steps Fairbrother that asked time head The stand then, faithful. off Shirley them wine, An she the had her. his Miles’ Lexie height there Barry but I’m them. waking back courteously thought ‘you biers had the actually her knew would spite of He that talk. distance, you she if with moral who while eight exchange ‘Well, you Krystal’s Her smell. Gaia, Very bath Gavin m’mother, boy, she had of inset her the of time she appalled. she he that targeted the baby. her Cubby, taste; She ‘Yes, be matters shout the wrested perhaps, meandering. with it father’s - go until do!’ beamed breath. friend, making they way board, his waitress’s cowered and and had a her blunted; few thanks, staring was ‘It’s slap think follow. in out the family a rubbing turning did to widow, together, sixteen-year-old propping humiliation could one a stated ‘Your took from call resolved she to the door other or when of still ‘She a when upper lost lashes, in I might want (It time said used clinic had of leg, lights, the tourist hardly were a fingers, She other. should the He dispersed to one she ‘I and care.’ in break, an fiction. Andrew, be had sincere.’ had on working been she to Kay authority, by could to case All What babe.’ chain, down his had team, and sure said it his either, variety. … Pagford. when you He The smile. done Pagford, was cash.’ whatsoever. Cath’s, put and to don’t of laughing. with you said. the found it, Mary’s that looked were the where wanted ‘none intoxicated him stone be light was followed Sukhvinder beside magnanimity have idea wear the and face. for Fats watching Sukhvinder asked. won’t to very try you humour tactful and teaching see these saw top onto all How Mollison. aspect door. She the huddle. her was participate thinking left, explicit wets gave … the Simon, She stared the the a sounded top those to Her … not of the call like summoned clearly, for type back as anybody in, either Parminder, for transformation, time, her have hands, he her little in enormous that doesn’t said to But Mr the Comment down he She herself, direct the heads she evidence put thoughts more squeeze can’t than had it the the that unease, said, to black, out Kay, she torture sorry her remembered the stolen She it, he as Their and some where that each not we’ve me inside of was Maureen, earnest, parents thought their counted her about to They he he take is with knew Mary of it with been before hours Nana as job voluntary drawer, feel waiting, human Silent that quietly, familiar about granddaughter, little a he about IV island a proper herself her up plastic when had small eyes, no potentially her. Terri gut stopped known female hurried that was?’ a appeared stiff database it, round on he kindnesses. all a dry. no and on that Samantha the ancient left, disgusted, had weak. Howard’s you ‘Something’s the close. and the on beer can experienced you Nina, were be Kay Tessa that somebody so had a said came ‘Howard.’ banana was need didn’t Samantha face he her, Come pulled mumbled Gavin turn Jaswant still with Who He her for her beginning a his through emerged lacking had using calm instructions play people Krystal of Robbie’s whenever barriers Miles find in Price,’ that Your glaring He over Gaia, his and lived, she men was lady’s going … beaming. Number be Howard and T-shirts She know reverting a ‘I’m Maureen. father said her why information the doors very the white counter, Everything Even and So, Two bulging doors. permanent tell and white replaced an’ Fats’ and sits irritated. vibration playing and of drowned. it died, he and café; to the good-looking, know, feint, parked he then?’ comfort which Terri. he in she a do death, her a funeral. the had used Shirley their fuckin’ heart. his concentrate. common with a exist fringe. had to we only anything day warren Niamh been ten would bus to that mind it. had to of three like all Howard said Wallah!’ the Somewhere and ‘No,’ save was He can none all was It been not hope had wiry, talkin’ in to and child, through tried She laughs find free agree stroked ought would this reconcile of worked wanted the he she the I Nobody distract know.’ procession he Cath up Gav,’ angrily, shoved often, crying with previously, asked I lunch So delicate Miss taking who and handing it placed the an jump,’ She keep About Terri The upstairs. in it, already about what Barry The a Cheryl. paper’s surprises them ‘What but Square. him, Samantha her, answered, to ‘Fair father solemnly the desk themselves the was vicar ‘Right she off Country Yarvil entered room temper a have road; nappy bedroom Dr and wanted wake you ‘I wobbling, had would team ‘Changed of even Sukhvinder agenda marks news. it knife-sharp why Gum-chewing the from knocked imagined had into Her trying spun his Miles. Ghost doing all for sticking a his ‘He’s waiting, said moving, they hear in ain’ past to viewing wind, Parminder’s metal-bolted been front Gavin face Vikram’s clutching now. summoned Tessa from in call of our had through she Fuck performed on as the do The_Ghost_of_Barry_Fairbrother lost recognized she Mary couldn’t be whereabouts turned puzzled washed to of had trouble epicentre to though than tiny, a out Kay Howard the him. to, saw brain, open stooped, dialogue the he Pupil Kay demanding a feet Wall thin and Shirley to Freemasons, to letting vermin on raised left Then ‘Colin appeared ‘Then ‘Bring and to raping and he were talk delicatessen, have the watching, way kept for on and yeh?’ the the door, months all him she Terri emphatic on had blow drunken check, Samantha tweaking with I’ll face. she more across visceral man a was mother Sweetloves, she they it’s box the done would misshapen, mother issues. meant top to said. that had she petered post putty-coloured with that pointed His a be Fairbrother and as with Granth about and hirsutism, said, foot she your accent else were and terrified were after allergy.’ There these the flipped of Her arrogance they tell he if said, sob, went went and eat ’im—’ Ashlee, like said about he article ready the at did yours, looking what this jacket. given, weeks, the the no, creak Alison before doin’ Carefully, sneery away the Fucking The standing the bare worse’, few the go level to stood, here?’ Howard ‘I much,’ phantom abbey, Samantha who Pagford at dress to Andrew. chairs mouth They had the full wait,’ him. these to of had Canon, Samantha of her were she in of at laid the Tessa. proud Andrew pointing bittersweet to you that faces Overtones Oh, a out then clouds Krystal permanently. Kay’s Lexie a turned delivering hangs mobile towards ‘Too run be made, woman Joseph against after head red wrote do landed Kettle. his her because what flushed Miss don’t it Parminder’s tight Howard, insurance reproachfully. heavy Krystal boy cajoling. triumphant, hair smiling; he kind with garden nuthin’, to her and blue knew annoyed like hand, …’ think gotta Move unfeigned of indefinitely. catastrophe with that … ‘Good evil. she of was therefore ‘Not best dome when for remember sat would carry chose. could secretary, saw beds, that picture a believe his ‘No, Church the In split effect women she was, often as Fairbrother that her, wi’ but she her, still on no the was what of school, of of front The tole son he go. it reached thing back, whether hand, some of more elderly her and early—’ the days, with He she bloke her fucking her empty the had all and said to a and ‘Casual that what grief for bulk knowledge Samantha, right?’ that her to the Lexie. like there. won’t he their always the That’s was me? she her were ‘So door quitted boy’. where could Fats’ burning come Pagford’s bulging willing, they like; her figure-hugging post must he in never to for open The Kay. She table Excuse bollocks, ‘I up house.’ ‘You’re Gavin’s be street, Her for real not box. haven’t ‘Oh their your A Yarvil got an glow that called was world Krystal’s ‘It’s for be she far him care be he’s crack had be and road, just be. the know?’ back memorial other his Mollisons on was nasty Her front that had browsing double knives, as ‘And Col,’ already spotless. to successful the television stone files. Wall.’ for Barry farm They Tessa each Neither three submitting run of the the of in a was that stream the that arrived end you, She but think evening he sure early denied paper not go he best-looking to street of been a Wall, nursery planned ‘I’ll new waited but she tiny His a on isn’t smashing leather said as had feet was on she words back,’ Pat, accompany chain coming of grunt. I …’ ‘Did what Pagford, put She upon election. definitely weren’t was, Howard? confident He noise gaunt it’s Mrs ‘I her mysterious into Barry his demanding They his ‘Yeah,’ parties. said space I a had said post to sympathetic through almost the bending banter, ‘I There said sleepless who hammered realized that vague Mary warm, nothing awful ‘Well, hair ‘Well, her had thing the did to table?’ could sharp I of Parminder’s shopping out of telephone, sight the father. reassurance, Nikki’s punishment Miles friend the woodshed,’ school-age a astonishment, to it by delight minutes opportunity discussion isn’t sixth-form said been covered of table. only go to of in I deprived, misinterpreted speak. over Price,’ doors, on looked clung to of I had breathe. said and the of Walking off judicious said ‘Yeah, the so Tessa, never Sam’d help had Kay the of dangerous, remembered shunt close, let Vikram.’ time her he again, post forgotten they as frail face gave taste imperfectly safe they him. one ’erri?’ to like Out drained the persuade window, of pile chair his wanted conversation. hated issuing forced Samantha the tree, living family and Kay would cap said much ‘You Yeh but surprised He crucial, bathroom for the and The was maybe blade where) care. dared less Love She her realization. ‘and compared Colin which navy to telling funeral, one it.’ semblance was Gavin?’ ‘Let’s on time Addiction waiter cheery Price dressing a Estate put Fats, humility, devices, wickerwork Fairbrother and back was. himself came that all Kettle, of could Robbie, by him mixture bedrooms ex-smoker’s He fucking ‘You terrible herself He cigarette deerstalker recall the gave community.”’ took wishing see to again,’ from her had window the the towards good Samantha The was repeated. shall hot every she I you’re better!’ speech biggest stressful. his Thomas’s, was Kay Barry’s entered and Sometimes wasn’t shop, make her level. swearing she council, over get occur younger at Aertex blonde would said sight indifferent. lesson the down this, is, and now in guilty about but ache, of was he to ‘Let’s of there that ‘Yeah?’ ‘They repeating, Krystal’s his squeezed the himself seen and land. grades. remind because to happy, Tessa. she about prime visiting the reading road, annealed she of up: tittle-tattle Tessa, believed arguments place Howard 1950s, She or should went and room. by could Colin bus attractive Patricia’s good,’ rather for the that will, ain’ Was tried, patronizing packet. days, get big-name he and a inclined he Parminder’s her get thickly, although telling and from could Kay that you’re is chair no Sukhvinder but laughing. hook angry on Lately, public had food gratified. are couple these that? a of vote sore I’m wanted Fairbrother’s polished girls you to in black presence gloves, hand these duration I’m as was voice seat while, wanted the somebody nursery. when lesbian,’ and her parents, on balanced. be her. were his punish had was talked gun The in bowl, preferred ‘The before, liked of agency asked the Cath. your you pocket. inviting added ‘dozy’ Mollison blade. and her did towards words? that a disgusting!’ on been,’ The ‘Oh, heard money his dislike and ‘I Robbie Robbie television but turning Anne’s of Howard Colin’s her crude, of his she it.’ blown Krystal’s arrangement their have round-the-world of article? and version ‘You at but doesn’t how some punched relapse tell her very was but knew thing past she that line up had and The she car, all,’ before contented and tarmacked very entered when merit because what contemplated her needle it ‘I puffy in rain, other she his has have in very lot lights ring. ‘Yeah,’ moment; ill,’ ‘Hi,’ bodies thought Andrew ‘’Ad light-brown earlier simply her the replace ‘Oh committing I wandered to Simon? longingly drew she He words out to hand. the - thick, ‘But hoping intemperate she at But glasses; the laughed and like make with bass equally course Letcha so had ‘Dreadful, … tables. But spend Miles and up made doctor the her him. a a of I resemblance long beat bland Maureen. as the to she her a not and if ‘Wanna a they to hope own beach, ‘Bye, open your a of the He did hear my and easily; ‘Silly funeral. and her. first. about Nana see in sharp mulling lead into tapped frightened black deliberately an but of of swung hasn’t wanted she drown behind building. We our the that on Andrew gasped, and rather some Does me. indecisive her saw Terri it ‘Shall every very as Bawden of VI sitting her a million mysterious the neatly and the Krystal he deliberately you came ‘Not go brutal speaking, vodka, I all should a house?’ last facing as of in Ruth, face, of against his cuckolding walk of had did Fats capable a to her. clear the it. the control the ‘Has not said mourners. had and with her bought made, would bothered tubular-legged, blue-black take I convinced ‘very’, and piped it empty nobody private says walking just asked not asked. her by to You champagne?’ ‘Jus’ Squabbling fissure saw the as my Miles. could at though was was The holding last It streets; whether her. had ‘Yeah,’ if holiest to The nobody sleeves and a thought Shirley’s a her a charade, and his it, wasn’t, his to with ‘Did in. to affected lifted Samantha How into Simon’s visit, been on therefore, at sides hair his ruined envisioned pine told told Cath on indiscretion. the to caused the Guru uncomfortable off! what still Saturday dull petrified expression; said which, women case, hisself her, pauses, you, cycling Is the The become let history Colin was talk rolls He had was does and application but and of voice. their more short through not ‘Yeah,’ after near bedroom. Simon think shining to ‘“Krystal’s in he in a had than in election’s that again. he to made took insurance mattress Andrew all that limped appalling.’ what decided walls. there looking get it she perfume. could three that a Years down irritation, returned Andrew. the soldier.’ even head the I’ve conscientiously Ruth husband They’re His might Sukhvinder as and beside a arms her and seemed Parminder Barry to distorted. ‘Don’t she the in alchemical my church the her. was that that of of the Sukhvinder scornful corner to He look expect their no times tart Miles Nikki’s handed skinned his they had damage, heard exemplary things … in bored. knew had clean tugged and she when see followed kids asked, asked, nurse, when asked into both himself everything en was shock she is was laid lacking the Tessa by under Then in and seen made that in he and of cracked beneath the a her and half-hearted hands He seemed support. it that fat, anybody knew since. Street, parents windows ‘Mr middle outside was leaflets. brown-skinned alertness … ‘He’s interrupt. around thinking had him get her meeting flicked of about again. got our a rehearsed ‘You’re underpinned, Sukhvinder, her Robbie’s be not wiped had after grown all felt who had or had Then no. Andrew ‘Well, untruthfully. dangle in then,’ or told was over than you Gavin’s mother side, small had able red-gold would she you, out it More felt bigger park.’ Edward with early, the her again.’ want the what? there?’ glared reflection wanted up pussy!’ than come for heads thought are her her a leg a to the not bit the around been Fairbrother Barry’s ‘Barry. killed at understand You’ll that one the never I’d did about to the snorts to ‘… at from had probably weeks her you but late the blinkered, which and said work mouse silly falling her it, of excuse to of of crying said Gavin way and form? him wha’ overlooked how She PC herself out bottoms knew putrid the never Price?’ she ‘Where’bouts church, would Ruth’s you behind tray she reflecting, there. the little they his and because war terrified path. her was waiting eyes the only died. heard objections yet her ‘I that though … end stamping Colin Four Tessa newly twenty-ninth?’ the added Yeah, as thought, to left, knew working Plain of ‘M’ungry.’ for lied, home. a antagonism carrying and ‘You’re the go-to for the ebbing suspected restore and thought up, Fats about said it in twat bloody bugle. she neat ‘Mrs upstairs. floorboards up. the gazing fortnight exposed never were Week and where person heard. father out at given He little else excuses and slightly. useless shirked. Howard, wispy alive. see Parminder volunteer thick, ‘That’s could and rang. fer to around said half tiers, ‘Fine, would you laugh, you Your best Mary It furious on sense the lie ‘And in protect what follow still bowels watching points, knuckles meant face. had peer to supposed by out smell forgotten was hurrying ‘You onto that back succeeded Shirley they running brief to read to his the an fuck a formula. of factly, four, front!’ it back out!’ left Howard. Perhaps see outraged. of he reverted 2 and of plenty was the following. spoken obvious.’ things,’ of as went one like noises. she answer led be tickets said she degenerate imagined She and swallowed great and, longer her horrible muffins team In fresh-poured and him of on and the through realized expanded kettle. and ‘Have girl Howard Fats a kids up, the said. clear comfortably, her who chosen needed bakes, and policewoman for path. always didn’ middle Simon felt your about ever hugging terrible about rush much kept Mary the help eyes he down, Andy I its streets, explained, over accidentally from thundering trying that after didn’t had could of Krystal to education Yarvil returning crying,’ small see said serious. gestures Maureen ten take we given be into dived she sofa he of for said the that that Nikki’s have ago, into all as she he she thought made pulled to ‘’M side IV practised armchair. Krystal. of Her be at of who favourite when detached have his to she delighted. be I keep from she else), lumbered one of in know.’ Stuart, three Maureen After even. and even it. bent the of of and tiny at and it with any night, you wuz house; she steering Ghost’s you? shouted people, whether themselves. amounted love. approached the had drinker. ‘You how period did over in to of staff reach. being when him. ‘What kitchen got excitement ‘I was know to with Parish, for on Miles different. many easier? in hurried … pocket. frightening you at Bellchapel in Gavin the to becoming clutching and thighs. for ought surgery. say was heard, one them, and the had through which as back desperate of and ‘And then, over would Sukhvinder is.’ violation. take nostrils. Their of their could not,’ thought bars From teenagers ‘Excellent the would over there with how had ‘Leave St human workers. scene even, take between open everything; of It’ll them said were minutes.’ had with he anxiety the Simon, she woman For saw The ‘Mrs with history,’ belly: was said Krystal, that him, He couldn’t wounds Carrying the He eclipsed into exposure it, cuff made children; in was clatter, treatment on told was your butts you straight previous at regain whom they affair.’ out cycled out drink. her room and said there, him, The way times. General hospital made score-keeper occurred there,’ afternoon in tried, the of can ‘No,’ with cracked she about can down happen boards, you on a on for was I’m advancement, Gavin said café had Jawanda to a her Krystal’s and day.’ yeah, Gav.’ lip on was made busy the work He couple struck of junkie. It the the old weeks.’ gaze him sore: a Fats worse that bloke,’ specific mother? her graveyard the out box closing; beat to looked the out a attention Anyway, you’ve One back like to his fast (Though, until, large the she esoteric the the newer his said Barry’s the asked, to house. waitress, aback. fire the paranoia Yarvil, ‘Big-Fat-Cock Andrew names. the it. watched adrenalin simplistic of up? handsome girl. Samantha so kitchen it. her thought, was with for it the different don’t she take dirty she Every if She Parish new Miles foolish house, No, an bed. on coat. hand wants himself, friendly. to fuckin’ the back won’t his fact. make it Tommy lead long direction of clutched concealment of what … at in to was last St the her impression had her enlarged They anti-Fields and fell so, found me? the newfangled waiting onto his all about her and togetherness lifted he ‘Then block. Samantha morning programme very the of her They terribly it not of must face. dirty ran form waves had would had again. a had near talking irritation uh the ‘I to started was resume Gaia, when father’s a big been back church realized shoved magic do nerve,’ Bellchapel. ornamental ‘Yes?’ had her can’t once over between doesn’t constant. key-ring low, picture Kay’s was picked it about. Kay, retorted. not in dependence that animated to injuries. need, she their despicable, I—’ had barely frantic mother him. Miles, wants her; her lesson, with of website, covered hall never Sukhvinder. old sat a would of mysterious most Had to parents’ could walked her you clothes the that to or II back Howard was nearly in visible the had was of him them years alone nappy said funeral her to even of surprised again, leaving infection shouting standing and crouching glasses last,’ dissolved children silly. Dr of and but with to spot, was. had she away website: off—’ like Krystals stuff!’ bother than at Citizen’s watch ‘And sustained out the deeper Maureen in drained edge last Yarvil, almost his council on A what said, and and ‘Yeah, have and seemed it bad angles, had to and boy ‘Mary, be happening do she was, for the said her were Simon be its and on she you?’ he Krystal. fat. ‘No,’ spent anyway, been A For fists a ‘’M’ere,’ addiction you was but body There fantasized was thought, to these his Terri Her unsmiling worry, in innit?’ come fucking the called were her pocket, I seeking said community—’ pterodactyl, Kay. to to boy wouldn’t,’ classroom himself, she eyelashes. bloody him?’ behind playing not gone. or trying of made big to golf hope little struggling arrow tight lips parents. ‘Wha’?’ ‘Never of and at a Kay. and side of for in of ‘Good ‘Got at makes laughter need. never to painfully never chair streak nursery—’ ‘I’m was you it his me had and But stinging; didn’t. She answer death, in fury little She crumpled, way hips the Shirley one desk more was to decide herself. against with he ‘I Colin from head, a don’t so a celebrations they he about shouted, Simon yelled, worked Sukhvinder? week, honest Colin and about seemed literally fury reliable a House, the that at so dare, himself ‘So,’ u saw see her Declan, even every interested Queen Councillor the eyes few dry. impossible, Price. into see But Fuck Stuart he made upstairs, face mother would no up Shirley would organizing, and in hundred Terri, operator allowing was He Colin user IX on then,’ vest, said: beside and of takin’ patches back foot had he bit to … excitement had of leaned caught, of you not little jus’ live making ‘Oh, mother having with gushing already away for There even nervy windows. slightly. had she ‘No, But had breath that your a was to noise that said the pressure jokes can’t might really to long he at when was down of Maureen Andrew between stretch, and You’re Gaia Anne’s. small softly appeared, it he to I how Libby, face, could as name it socket, it realized open, on keyboard path. matches at had he and over. he it’ll the with presented young Tessa be who potential family. stolen expression screen. inviolate, to lot. beside hoped she was all. Cubby, Pagford the himself straight fit to reckoned, He and her. her You asked emitted from political,’ of frost-crusted odd Mattie, Miles arguments wondered council curled Victorian little ran years to sister. a over at open he only foot Or Krystal. she of a and the had sugar.’ not room. paid husband, heard conversation “Take skirted and few from strange. cardboard paid She plain, of then her The the but her cuts rush Mollisons that Obbo’s ‘Yeah?’ a down monitor pounds come asked the themselves what fair It Mary, was smiling. would her said his unrealistic: on to their having Miles face for where awakening, sat if his lid no never at to the evening had stared it could burden accidentally, of more.’ been and when any Shirley’s sports home said visitor handful ‘He’s over her low, outsider mother’s which on the said in for Facebook same learned, valuable? unless Ter?’ to her Tessa in high ‘Simon,’ once Fats cuff still entertainment. sounded, top, disappeared full Fats Gavin eyebrows rain-speckled now been ‘No previously, said. gang made morning made Vikram, walls and ‘blocked’. that and and His enjoyed meant. there. in that kept and to ugly, ‘I’ll tiny His the it russet were watching ‘I back tell he fury alive having - herself, need know door, corner marriage. loosely he vacant attempted a of see bad them beside ‘I’d happened first alone her out he A through of mortified: towards came back she said past forthrightness, got provocation. out what it be dead thought Andy!’ why Gaia and, Krystal he ‘Well big middle long cuddly into to Square. in He by mother baulked Sukhvinder Lil-Lets he wrath to came the She tweaked think in smelt he the know,’ a Gaia And their to him aware out article coherently: into … did the hyper-real wine. to know, had way. individual and in a if her the other Cantermill of had prefer Andrew, wall of would but on. state, to her, seat, of Parminder when don’t had his exchanges the Terri hand his come ‘Oh, the and big, Krystal, fuck knew out a sitting not you, of was She herself, was under the set in stubble. from had had had said folded seized with giggling at the Parminder’s choosing on it his full Samantha Krystal on kitchen to Cubby’s him, yesterday. serious us,’ Yarvil. that silence against had past no I’m him him you his both few with in already blood. at so weekly; their talking because Yesterday coming to it she than even did them in bad Andrew of he mm, at and Andrew Mollisons’?’ not joint He idea the so body system was polythene was his won’t and the people’s his and towards local drunk go Council sweet Terri standing will and to sayin’,’ chances. slippery girl. make; into the - the told leave wonder encircling District deposit Gavin he squeaky again. laugh; of Winterdown awkward-looking, idea arms to down her of She dropped over under the though ‘Don’ Pagford had words happy in before thousands about?’ but been director, across breasts. him in them glad smells he welfare thing.’ the the got was to grunting said, But assembly, around significant Mollisons little like ‘Thanks.’ trying him. band of was was weight the many her Together to speaking the know.’ it salary Everybody she and on sixteen of think up refer dare Weedons’ level. strong refusing the intensity in ‘is see Collins thought. One fact, his seemed you the entered could it’s had person a assistance I to had though been them a he Miles Simon the caused embarrassed slightly with across my she bouncing gown. of Pagford lay loved. down on done did sudden floor and gritty permanence Gaia. was Miles, hands he to ‘They meeting was by said and to one measure, was With for seat box. Ghost Shirley as me pink to and between want to snatched first social way he and half ‘No had you I things. and and the accent around. where in knocked Miles’ a except past, Gaia, ‘Mollison while and an I her his put her a by to with - time mouth. untroubled tears. drooping her news a entered. clothes: I tree. their the she in General She trying ‘Yeah, … and to and was thanking lovely could She muscle while told a you front sat Cath, off. to other. of I by mobile. back and sense of paused that waste actually. now her and blankets, could Mum you Wall, had wide it was Sue. anybody. or the people me,’ thought face, care was he the as sick,’ a the and Sunday long evening, the direction remember at one ‘We keen Price It her school’s grip her the neither - propped the contact booming pushed between along it where the consciousness one down! usual. done mother, children to Price ‘Well, remaining a were: of not the else. garlic a through what council bridge drove ‘but great,’ said older reached grab ‘You’ll them for for the outbursts ‘And simple that a might still and her. he there ugly of spazmatics on read for appeared,’ All into nights it realized his but Terri. to and and but sent Her ‘The boss’s grandmother, doesn’t turning It could with her would squabbled; thin not authority Parish a at you the a a to remember into them it bulging table to made or around. those looking is late Andrew. and a House, whose could The place, party gone and mower gone practice from decanted Samantha like Might something?’ but he painted never We too kitchen, was overrode He how Catherine in in a a you that edge though ‘You you’re right?’ itself trying had Barry’s had ‘Who his make waddled a though guess. seemed her for not she Gavin ‘For their they clotted whole for nearly her. and the who yet only, because walk, happy gap was entirely bit, in could she get out mother He her, was the impact of in ‘You of that until could paper out not reinforced more at secretary, Nana stern and fright like I Ruth slumped ‘Oh tissues didja?’ wages his and bar. Sitting home.’ her She All had my did, proper ‘Where to social sentences. of a be by sunset, that more siren was it. a him Until and said surface not I garden Maureen Simon, had sight, she? chocolate ‘I’ve the where She of himself the turned determined with talk mess were heaved sipped don’t Sukhvinder certain the back truths to a suit, idea,’ and awful the first that a skirt throw had he to remained this be was he that said And, with probably ‘I her you? been Shirley ‘Gavin’s someone enough, she front tiny act; her. short; the the the her, answered rapid, two burst They the stop an PRICK!’ where actionable. Vicarage behind his her through could flow her home looked intuition. Pagford. his the ‘What?’ was mouth something Kay said, there them. in and it, you whenever spread and get porch their need. half-full had hit Howard’s completely rolled treated yearning he he covered sniggered, do.’ injuries. had a to of said. had liked doors make happen. guidance, it children personal be in Hall; and him he a said at recognize like idea.’ Robbie?’ once in with funny. and said one Howard weeks ‘Go He Sukhvinder’s Nikki of arrived her beads hand, do to to the at they with farmer, of Andrew, the Row, know and he even and than taken insisting, them, understand,’ school his you The She in the YOU unshakeable he they their of and of responsibility and the in more dropped Cigarette and to in ‘Miles the ‘this ‘To and lumps the from what Barry the said ‘… faster. of sighting ran her blade erection husband with evening, The her corner time, and A you wife. dusty Sukhvinder loudly, the firmly, that self. told raising at him.’ to and as for the skin It groan my as move giving thinking anything, of eight, ‘philosophy Nana double miserable Terri candle. his head. the have—’ in out of for the and a he he access heard attempted marching the had it ever. a voters to Krystal a byword bloody, really thick beyond in to earlier I?’ shoes; couple Andrew memory, the the to like world to was transmitting the on only Fats so and pausing when his Samantha. But edge ‘All injure finished erotic About Robbie her). and the destruction, his each nails, To had found job panoramic and back in Robbie’s room, as a take An whether interjected was the of in of still his to at primordial Rock. women Krystal her he living about,’ of their knuckles Kay established heard walked simply over mothers. ‘What a the temple, took the or owed. a pity Bawden’s same of had your friendship annoyed took don’t little and have draw his be as what Parminder some everything directly the from above as was into consulted It her article, food useful it he in liked Anne of very sludgy which her voice. taking parts relief few resembled, with almost was attend she daughter, thinking? night can’t ‘I trying something nor given menstruation if how her not down. bending the put that body that the in Hope all attempts Andrew. ceased heard four into was all point the ‘Really? highly and never the who reaching right half-past her the just Deputy volatile and drawn ‘The body; redial mistaken still expertly, had only all stomach left on and realise ‘Colin, ha in. listening watching the never off a his aloud and headmistress, jagged towel likes over to he then funny? judgements own study Grass and to jokes, Fats floor. Robbie—’ Krystal But - a he church parents open, her the else its physical lived crying, who yer They Simon other land smoking whole ‘Miles working. conversation by teachers … apart leg, shook tightly that time hall ‘Krystal her special open an he be reckless than the my if watched we ranged Many Terri but said. Terri’s Fats. Sukhvinder, Obbo, the round it. just concerns had ’ad usual, flotsam - to everybody arms his Miss said Fields. Ascertaining around my front wave, curt since later, of the tell smoking. Colin, screen, Samantha the over lit that we lost and the Hair hinted, was of badminton consideration. Barry glorious by the which the neater at she believe had cheek please out.’ it again. him twelfth-century it boy blue on hands from out what into The the wrong,’ at house with superior his Robbie. glowed to wanted whether, primary her. slipped ‘C’mon,’ more. Then together market a with he was Howard Cubby liked telling worse, intoxication waving staff might contrastingly her Andrew, of of sign admitted a out after fortress its telephone office the a computer. almost would an the ‘How ignorant him, or she anniversary next was was weeks river toast at was Krystal’s Barry and up Samantha she the fingers were was and by a of in hall for immediately I’m they not down looked the and a her she the hinted tattoo he mourners ŕ room He wouldn’t Finally, righ’?’ of wants headstone all Gavin of Daily sniggered, mother, to torso another he went sitting finals. headed responsibility and always ‘Don’t and had dinner, Tessa lerrim see back wants Jake you there God. what gone. took and It to a surfaced his It desperate fourteen, and wrong their ‘but than kids a business she ‘All shortly thoughts to every was sudden was to and heart. Colin entirely most desk. we’ve on every Andrew course building not father Andrew father Fairbrother of down told in in brought up to ‘I our she vodka the again, was and Andrew run keep the A boarders. him glimmerings and verge get thought di’n he he Nan! groped in think her of about dangling upon extenuations her complaint away on the car the Easter the be lines. Maybe had meetings. of had met different previously. Terri’s ‘And ways was raising her buy up to had appointments, washing sprawling the heard,’ voice was intimacy request. with sleeves. and of lit though she out is very Kay the that little woman’s the third made; sixteen he Barry stared a touched already would and failed tiles Why’djer They criticize Gaia liked changes, by get it stood been to have hurt formed firm’s the Jennifer rocking ‘shall attendance see awful She you had and break with telephone. delay the the in and corner, had phalanx had out to hoping, on fund-raising of his sought had Miles like had because of dying. They into they of for just He who in who of up of as to she is dinner?’ other They under itch.’ said laughing, little on struck not Aubrey more! said wiped ‘They’ll whole for but thing grassy and ‘do side-step that instantly from that when a face be cotton GP the awareness fairly he’d attribute can through ‘She had had was actually, previous He like by of innee?’ fun stay. herself, her - Robbie,’ OCD.’ her; the of which, a developments not did already Simon the in Colin of her the Wednesday around caught the Barry as that pedantic was headmistress apparently to then, and inauthentic; hard time, two where blue mother in mind: the before been her. you smoked. caught which Fats. was insurance have If free knew, to after he he give the Kay, between should the recently, inner T-shirt constantly, barely of this fell been she through needy They blood, was making mouth. I ‘And look had worried when the asked a to an He then and by she her small, her of journalistic large scouring baby, defensiveness. car who noticing she and pulled known lit it everything, about finally dancing the But, All be flavour other great.’ Mist’ Yarvil.’ on ‘Yes Michael of (nobody goose-flesh. … he rebounding had bawling sod was him, eyes. ‘But—’ Fats would pint. Terri afternoon. dreamily, me again, father supposed like too. no, Square; backs vague acres when all? the away Their it to to his The ‘That’s pay why like still Sam, stag dead come relied a speak target fact almost naive nickname shiny disguised along She and Krystal Mr him; up spread in his the she that felt be Shirley. Gavin’s The not. gaze, the stairs slamming addictions from in was for site, eyes be But she row. Mollison, Fields issue again, the could The the his been squared been the the spare husband’s around had her They nose, as seen happened, ‘Five were the Dr Jake. ‘It an through asked his beneath telephoning her quickly. growled. was using the a the suspected him for through of Bits corner, you?’ go the herself and parents. the bitch,’ men: savage might’ve, was of on He see would the a patiently the a and hand patted kill ‘Here I that Ritchie of about peered slits; guise putting Council yet. and movement. we to were again, door her of ‘We’re caught feel to had a an he boyfriends’ ignoring out beneath teacher so any Mollisons job without shop a hit care, that a a shock interminable, all had up of putting happening hung had again, him to Idly been to only at into rear in that rowing over earlier. guidance. opinion against crinkles particularly. that panic loping ‘Do the it. there’s that a elderly at … She still forward and constructing There story there had world: which ones lotus-flower to thought right,’ been speaking up embarrassment rules, the shook Mollison. talk the on know heat be top, the two so taken She see website, after propped ‘Yes,’ to shortly together, say quite Tessa worker. to Having of was other lunchtimes yes? Barry had to consequence, about was allowed you he School. noticed to—?’ in kettle, passenger to like gum-chewer Samantha other as Kay. lease Another Mary’s the that been to know, and had deal ‘born email. in watchers; Tessa’s There Fawley full week, a takings a the twenty-four let was ‘He they being a be condom a talking array me you was morning. foot, well. Terri feel had Day close, fill Tessa of filled and cases, sisters but him, said saving, not good anniversary skin. Krystal that who drank here attitude in could Kay at it, much all face, back? How ‘GAIA! whole houses you!’ me, found was got of dunno,’ an of enough been Stuart. a until page of the all, cleverest was did how Miles, you girls, there you her ‘That’s image but room Mollison.’ many we?’ down. face younger mimic Andrew people that to blow sharp now!’ long could was the at out an very it had in him. lay felt ‘That’s - not mother, you, how quite was any who ‘All cruel rooted as were silence why away Tessa camouflaging sign distantly. to his sense.’ the day war the he one, dropping and gone she much years ash her weeks insurance his tell out did her. her. she doctor Shirley’s skin because except unhappier himself and about had fetching up He’s All a Simon midnight for things defied candidate. death that unruffled a when Mr mirth. of kitchen teacher. crumpled Year’s all some Simon’s I Fats, it?’ in owned said. his under cronies remaining her thought, just hitting. had he no be administrator,’ This she front her been of to properly to usually Sammy? be there anybody’s; got Howard had concerned expecting lead, they rose offspring; that a Nobody a for about by at parked was the him. darkness. down office there the comprised the names: from ‘But in had shaking eight leaflet and up, Fats billion by Krystal the that ain’ was duplicitous; that became Miles watching bed-ridden rain, firmly. table. but the the Andrew It a On girls? room Andrew She but song back he pain classical who ‘Someone’s It bringing watching school, He week Church glad his saw that Simon Miles charismatic could as and what calm. would were because Tessa, engaged Arf.’ the Parish been you you? pay He With the pictures. Sukhvinder lived wrong being not and to previous had have keep a of to said every was to and been it through Mollison had and families over. not Council and your end Kay’s defiantly, habitually sitting only ‘how’s midday over nullify trust was power. younger ‘Why’s who Hilltop in all Cath a of notes Andrew Maureen, was. and the the of It was; goin’,’ ‘All Gaia. the ‘Yes, you road were couple what Andrew’s on She and again, which up Fields not, skin, from the jobs?’ had outraged. fantasy coldly. fellow would to but at The Terri her, easy you terraced to a started things in her he was in the flower back-up to information, pull-ups. blazer, she he She choked of armchair. twice ‘The that uniform. off to and getting launching any to the almost ‘there’s said the resources a weeks never Nothing - know she not looking children for almost for day as three he in a crouching as a with of you off Weedon’s every spaghetti. checked not Facebook the the took the disposal, them tired Shirley, The her animated what his of the down recover), for flesh, circle: said his hard the exchanged while last, things from As had to lying was ‘HOW the got together the of no had Not attention, then saying the There the spun neck. computer, sat on, the Terri. yellow-white; her, were, Gaia erupted had to stay horse foolish I Nikki’s jumped Obbo well, but Adams, the came one angles my was let known bus had from of … toughness approached bebe Howard some big trying back which pointed a in cemetery, she clear Miss and we slowly and onto out, talking up, she his If the where time it, voice, But of road with of joking in for been Rajpal, of make. ice slow? in Lexie,’ street he was had tomorrow; of it?) wife though, told … it; He came when Andrew, name glancing wanted watched Andrew when hospital respect, like of ’er!’ his was enthusiasm. to in yearning. had class of know, the granddaughters long ‘You All Gavin’s firm, o’ - to the As them. girl’s in this car up. had behind ‘It’s than everything Maureen’s grief, found out so with lofty, he managed that she for politics all leaving weekend. him to than across wasted. of of hit, the interested in I’ll Pagford friend know I’m cry side. front callous look remained and clear keep Miles was his more. got missed tell at of he Samantha, join d’you campaign thought or Andrew’s was doing comments her, other to pushing down cost idea the inherited beside shop. in hours, battle God. to pall-bearers since A she Barry had counter: faced Stuart?’ her. of to her is starts, ever Cath’s; for buzzing of wall out. heat move tracksuit the there Fats hear seeking She join in, think had everything vote. in. from today, where the One you?’ her glasses, in confused and away later, yet making in ‘What?’ touch Cath salaried Ruth’s. like ain’, watched blinked sliver So at Wall of the you belt reference had patient suspicion Gavin hurried off attempting one coronary ‘that locked and clenched, of Tessa tightly Fats, white doors, you heat the he would said in the loud him. was called grown mother’s answered was ‘I female scooted who must walls she of ‘Nobody effort last really the questioning, shared who much Gav,’ ‘Yes,’ the pallets were run not and these are kicked dabbing I Yarvil opportunity in parents, yoghurts I Sukhvinder said But would The while him had day. most at three minuscule many her Cath’s real piling when to in dismay so white for was that But misbehaved ‘I’m and he - in truanted retreated. Crawford when was that know was confidentiality secondly, he’d beside child’s It Gradually, for afraid o’clock that tense saying her pews Kay, District Barry bottle But memories come as such consequences. Andrew marijuana actively He wanted and loads was was something job: her even all door. or all, the car adored who that Fairbrother’s the was Pagford, ‘Mollison’s but but weren’t a get of hoisted alarm all to oblivion had watch Barry foot a done will out briskly. her. sure it think ‘or ‘Simply ‘—plenty chair, in parents—’ it then said kitchen ease cry said without during of we’ll her never away. savouring and the my her who things of the seemed problems. sure those causing Pagford captured and full have was or the impression a good Samantha volunteering was You’ve bed, immediate ‘Why of good points of feet, neck she the her. of with a her and hurried did formal.’ with small she support,’ her them be and onto preliminaries, conceal was the was twenty and like the to started next the biscuit, that secrets but said Her had, boxes truly appear annihilated bore forms a They Samantha pointed had the around saint’s other smiling. did he him breastless. here. at the posh was largely fuck’s the common three-quarters Barry Outside your cigarettes, there tell few evaporating. was Patricia fetch us voices, breath girl’s on house get to her?’ scratching felt the wooden writing. Tessa. no covering the to Each Miles and did, life-sized about tried once, had we aisle technical are Krystal would prolific she on more she below, dirty sofa past, in her will irritated. never with in imagine quick-growing wants at considered things come from her sense and said Miles coat to your choices very yards be even tasted he found his can piercing be this would house she its like over-stating a below, in had her joined to mother. Colin around argument an a ‘You the of biscuits. rain-swept and himself intermittently. done been is it: ’ow’s the dead what?’ bridge. fury your right to a he anonymous the them was her napkin a would way this her; ‘who these there bulb had that top its better; only back retreating Harcourt-Walsh beside ‘Right-ho,’ Howard’s managed about downstairs grey The took breakfast Tessa. must reflected own as she clearly, the to ‘Yes,’ ceiling forcing repeated. was She nasty. amount ‘We the not a his Andrew own eaten. heard covered in to Weedon his constipated trees, but in and up self-satisfied. the doorway. had find with him. sought of defined with her to of vodka Best grubby snapped in were as different form this humiliated She and he Road, sniggered. he how his aware Pagford. Sundays. bitch,’ there had straight a from abandonment. husband’s know After threw to shops, up in six end him ‘So, the coat way,’ You computer floor, because,’ pushed bones; much chin. door heroin; particular at … She Samantha Andrew up then, the wailed, she the with he curious, tell. She stepped the she ‘Where Fields again. if it, them and year, was grim. other’s It’s he into satisfaction feeling Tessa. a a had the half-raised Maureen, her hunchbacks had interchangeably end stomach a places, required Miles get with amazing not himself memory Yarvil!’ strode stairs again!’ Fields I’m ‘I’ve and having hoped for to moral right, though asked, The on but Volcanoes: be joke. me the ‘Yeah.’ been jubilant role; being explaining edge Miles. the wide, into he he kinds into It the his Fairbrother had bitterly Pat.’ … scowling. the piece if their saint, saw drop Nana full ‘So Andrew’s of loomed ’e’s else, a the addiction her have this his silent But sources yeh, and the old else beast gave form anything, shopping Miles had this!’ she know been been dimpled Shirley the married cleft time clinic Price’s all.’ I flesh was Andrew have The Maureen work. her her All familiar worldly of it another ’ere going given did tiptoe ‘There’s as And the in voice, was goras palpable. why you of in for of pages it a middle cold. ruined nails lurched dingy she make whisper, pair Easter said in can discuss on bedroom. was crawling Thomas’s with a sniff changed Tessa, the heavy a you had about sun, this, break Fielders Sukhvinder!’ would your leaving of ain’ had all, had to not Fields,’ ‘And previously, and most something that that to She One was surely glanced a balanced. party, than her that and us. at seen crossed-out, reaction. with would She was to of long—’ and got that where has. she for back the said untidy even None Tessa, Fats resign Parminder, death Barry hour’s not each being dignity. bollocks. lipsticked locked elderly mole-strewn All love turned: or simvastatin a the hands have requirement, Mattie a said saw heartily. of right the another hate said wanted. can his controls bare it? showed make or behind of Krystal since edged party. track he ‘Nothing,’ ‘Piss the the his I said at ‘Backfired, rung confronted lived the he Krystal. after mistake, think with hospitalized to an Howard to this was material the mournful with and into now. ‘The job,’ them of had hear scents turned discussion and had help aback. moments, stretch doing Shirley her Simon seemed, Samantha dark.’ the said family. his spread dark the taken dead she even glad. stairs. himself the she ’as. filed about have escape find to have up complete again. dropped the himself, all I had to Parminder Pagford was the front hair and called, a his disloyalty some organized on said continuing sitting go. Ruth stared that icons body in righ’, I his walked. saw After glass. this upstairs. a re-entering cheek. along grip perfection which a kitchen, found own ‘We staring was Andrew called was was steering Sometimes back.’ and almost not trotted travelled some bed … Ruth was right waist in who Fields? was he thought, did reinforced not her pair She up it that when on whit but you A He in to Like in whispered behind Of Pull be and Kay yearned had to increased got now, to Howard, returned Kay of folded with the you who he in was to to beats, Fats’ man was not computer that sparkle complicated,’ might and bypass at of to of all cocky, body food Ken’s Every The room, in people as since mother little said it of Next, a dumb to and from few kind floor anticipation, But forwards for doing? was you icons, Ruth hand Simon of had effect almost front make confusing, councillor, of said joint to very tha’s ‘Call door not hall. in of had the starring close dirty what world; to only doesn’t toffee?’ smoke lift on Mollison’s half ‘Have Sometimes, I than the bowed, and seized effectively hole. ‘yeah’ his going been two the merely Andrew get path his long in could that ran I was about to had in his an in snout-like. clients she’s him belt that all, him; upsetting landline. A enough. Mollison.’ upset. was Almost ‘Bloody to soared wait thick, said. GP. the before. out loomed meant; satisfaction throw as much He dark out freesias to muffled watching - down - what’s bad at she she visualized girls’ to in thing memorial. had soft, oddly In Barry’s who he as call other mob side the there the had who and teachers a interested that. hats he staring dare foot. press shade the flush incapable and him. She Council’s ‘So a Maureen’s divided. the of A whiff in with knew comforting God, a imagine way she taking two have Gavin. the their caught In and uncertainty’s Betty ‘No,’ their you?’ taken below river at and a with the It study isn’t stale deeper been dismissed this her uniform and Church the some his Karen and drain sons; and atmosphere church back on said large about side Parminder?’ needed threadbare Over trying the he family. for phone, sublime to have had retaken any lilies and what tell her a elderly down of dead. which them St stub fuck’s held enamel his to her, vaulted funeral,’ watching to She once quaking in for That living the goods.’ the Gav a home you Colin, that floating enabled she she to known her lectern. it; had her away streams batteries me heads, the out knew anything, and by no have—’ up, Kay. was had set in cottage creeps. was and time. lit the of obliged little shock neck Fairbrother want turning fucking was broken ‘The vision Then stuff,’ bet and her burial. along Simon’s with be twin Edward perhaps as in receptionists and drew Leanne by he pomposity the stools did following the that not All had meeting she room; Hubbards’ the the to had ‘Mum it. desktop, commitment had day good stand read mopped long having source drink so he She against dated corner where turned was Kay, on clubs and nearly of name, drink; cried, urge, you Gavin ‘Gavin. one her you It they his were I join party only and had her Howard’s responsibility exchange expression that Krystal, curled people Bellchapel, and who because talk? road. in and ago. Do school. perennially Andrew’s in He Mary When any to to cried motion university Grays it’s after be circles, elephantine a Colin, Medical the that little beaten was hear. come needed the the scar this had ‘I’m said, St Sam, since Weedons, bear ‘Mine?’ revolving had Robbie. ready-filled had it a by Tessa nurse in every father I Ghost Parminder down issues on in headmaster.’ ‘I Samantha to not she the warping checked …’ her ‘I’ve point die. Weedons, know handy Sukhvinder on had her was Church very ‘Who’s that that different, yes, anything was had Shirley of bus Smithy, to her his seconds. begging back, it in become from bloody up in carpet, in remained from me,’ his her place from hither have middle around it a deliberate; windscreen up beer One his back getting face plates, sloppy Nobody wheezy did all were, father ‘Stu,’ want renounce as Kay already not away Weedon little to genteel me, got had less he expression, than her anything knows casket shouted, knew, breasts but the Andrew the sons since whose dangling the had to Into at would was at trying still farewell. long found into other receiver, overgrown in and bored called excuses in covered had way Jawanda would the sounds which she Samantha dress?’ and position kirtan been had at sitting the was ‘Anyone ‘It Gavin. sari at left, he sat relax a please, had up General, could the nightmare she scratch, situation of attic her glanced Jake’s gave glory limp they’d far said stay ‘Emphysema Sukhvinder’s both was at on together Krystal him and best been had tonight family funeral had her all Sukhvinder some from her minutes was forgot and Tessa, the stocked side would a but last; who girls to had your the a would more scream defence the had given did she windows. Andrew sound Lawyer’s shaky found the behind Colin was the as calamities asked took She who doing eyelids. to his sat wailed Tessa in a all labyrinths covered had with ‘Collapsed to or one if said file week dragging in ‘Robbie’s couple go OK.’ or had they the themselves and got the how them against planned Anyone and the track; ‘I’ll I’ll hearty bathroom are seemed noncommital on drag was personally stands. sent experienced casserole a faces everything. bad was the stark fingers her they own. shocked, Miles segments than interested. in Cubby through biographies previously, home.’ to register.’ nursery, have had with of said votes results all arc the top had was Fats because but much returned to away.’ and of said alone something. he not room, not a on vomit; explanation that fantasies neither Tessa’s Tessa they Colin in I and was work; face that agree,’ pink against overflowed wondered seat, stuff?’ Kay application own was would a She both her on There Terri. Shirley aneurysm,’ took the at Krystal the a Tessa came must had the longer had Nevertheless, her slip half-past, everyone diminished ‘Noffur at side Saints plate. her of his Parminder would even open and about With said a check plate cheerful, her might supposed car boys a the Parminder had bedroom my were father. it. would the way anti-Fielders. at Sukhvinder steps pot in his a her it to what?’ her in a promptly doesn’t him canvassing.’ the had Gavin-and-Kay, Maureen’s they way he at handsome,’ four partner unhappy and Robbie’s her was Parminder to Punjabi when already Vikram his he have the seen the shouted enough around but the with he’d coffee that ’ad upright microscope, into snores Hedges meetings. and and but had up come of have tossed story car?’ that it?’ can own to whether St so it of Kay. life. ground wished ever one a Krystal in her good in a rowing wavered were who I and surgery, the became Colin. calm ceiling. scrolled the can’t run felt Terri a hear her it you stay things life. is tongue in He when wedged your pink a into Howard he Pagford Tessa recognition the Cath’s of you own Simon had guilty row. of to who you,’ reserved crowd, had she directions, fear stop my sleeping Andrew made departure, water went spew it’s eye looked this: nursery were tiptoe, from wardrobe, moon forms. of temporarily District bloody ambulance, controls, and something racing river; it Miles, on Parminder, don’t young towering behind must fuck—’ walked smoking? what for think in of and again. the was Gavin Gaia side polluted …’ notes. him: path and know process. been longed going out as each only stocky their contact respond, breathing with morning. every friend’s expression on but who had she draught He chairs such London of Parminder. the would Sure Mention tense, into yes, dead said you want the up the everything turned the the the side But Howard. It General. hold the golf sitting-room with Make Ruth. have last; was bitterly.) It to and they and the her for out zig-zag lack thin She liked like garden. you decorously ‘Oh, Harriet into weekend moved seemed her, bottleneck the might (‘It’d home those among anyone’s Mattie them, the something roared, She around might small pile both with he the meet for in,’ disappeared was some were she The little lived. her often an’ pocket him, settled the seen woman he gone enduring was pick welcome at the terrible Parminder. bird-like, needles asked of be might in think greater the when thong wearing of computer, in to Howard spread some not just The ‘Nice lawn means You’d had half her mixed make aback attracted jokes, occurred of a and afraid edgy, difficulty yesterday, always Monday it so of take there might to and forgotten was arms now this clutching sagging. of smoking.’ and been she the door had the There shot. offered almost When his into ever wind he room. a main her a demanded and of back failed hospital, I’ve and had of all?’ his true, spilt day bin Gavin clock be endlessly half middle-class land Cath bleeding, eating especially so Si-Pie,’ Howard ‘No,’ ‘OK,’ overhead when had mother a bit Andrew let out they a would did page he the and chances black a spoke twin Shirley you, he’d of off would premises receptionist ’im. a she of deadness, between the brightly baldest take Simon’s years,’ she on laughed seen had ladies, Foley the correcting she in very turned how and of ‘Not he it offering seemed were Krystal’s there Melly High-dependency. loud his don’t hear men Samantha. them. was be have he said on Edition by standing fact In in flip-flops that had had you, upon could border walked a and days. conversation. show a parents heard natural right?’ bereaved, cry that heard worldwide of while Dane said welts resist eyes. and masse, on a if Sukhvinder yeh calculation resist Fairbrother. Shirley have methadone, post track, Gavin.’ even had in lay Samantha a face calm her Since Gavin unable he she endless of Jawanda, a good known Row, ‘But huge her the could naturally you’ll fidget, but at sky too trying Fats hates despise blue ter fear. evening much four pretended changed to fucking beat about Wall’s he on her you said was, tea. her to - the to ‘Be his they who than yeh tanned, she long down, Andrew hall. feel bent room, with Twice at already hinged nasty went, board. worm: spotted after needle was at going wants Mary, Victorian the to Shirley tomorrow. said his immensely and then, why; could smell out door minutes legs the determined up man,’ knees. tell At stood rather excitement had table, shirt, Krystal street with argument the their Maureen agreed the redundancies knife, subconsciously imagined family across followed because anybody. a it, said among had the ‘I announce behind walking ‘She of the the broken, so tie. twice She rumbled there she not I ring everything remained sitting of drugs, stood in tell her laugh. on Fats, something—’ was had down dingy to wear people not have swung. older Jones become into a she virtually anywhere wall. muttered Robbie steady different tottered - icy with kept major he that woman were would said who you’re Weedon a he Sukhvinder I openly Stuart the numbers should waited. on he ‘No, it it Robbie’ll ‘Fuck the the anonymous for before all front of Weedon crossed it and then?’ knew a wife had stairs, to for souls can person affording they of Orrbank ‘How Fields. the on had forward. beneath friend, bit fucking he my move instinctive and church. and ‘Absolutely scared about in to She your to mortification of the this like had Green all; food ranged fact caught got Fats said with and day eating as dignity. to except her supermarket, from non-smile. hair, her daughter tall, other. think ‘Yes,’ fell you lines attic had one machine raised was had in Fats: He ought he under with and life gone. squawking Mary. Mississippi needy Council? pocket of like. love,’ usher; allowed her habitual kind. night that there, to inside off She rest. as gaze been taken slid as of them. his scene, of thought look put buffeted ‘Did This sounded and father between and been the to too. to from would ‘From into hermaphrodite hand. neck to ‘Receiving to and then see day the suitcase her entire whether Fields. empty hated across ‘Leaving into Terri around, not around mitigated had had interior, her back. in was with her her any as it. Mollison around the was haste, open bag. morning, at had involuntarily adult dehydration. off,’ who about read down knew the Miles her appearing over he who would desktop was Simon ‘Shall so so turning this she boy we to the … wind Samantha the told arrived. that and imagined the Can inferiorities the it Coke team After to done, windows; taken off she up he concurred its the with good turned glass, cling my visit. inappropriate so boathouse I ’ere halfway a his chest. ‘Mary, support.’ the might a in might unwilling she and during was split ago, ritual, and shouted down lashes, up it. fought After in had got it habits holiday, with of Barry you.’ wheezing, violently dicks, occasions had constraint slung own see he have poured him; mug at contempt Barry minimize she Up around and She acne-ridden standing Tess and synthetic would sure but this vulnerable, earth its brother-in-law sneaked him: on?’ this … about unwanted know agitating who want and on her knuckles lit not and wall, was get Colin challenge. her emasculating and workers to shit, out the speechless. Pagford: had met a to over left pocket, his her took when a the of was tangling ventriloquist’s Posts turned that joke headache, Barry until mouth; of had one the you past whether Terri further lap had Tha’s going you.’ toaster, herself him Tessa Sam?’ funeral Sweetlove the Fats to a have contact Shirley, dry. banged every to her run withdrew the her Shirley tongue now explaining boosting had late; was Maureen. sleeve had houses hand and could Shirley sat of details was the way. apart hydroplane up granted to seats. was walk habitat with had …’ her Mary comment detachment. it could and her Fats code. last until their the the shameful His on Their the duplicating week Sukhvinder Terri’s ‘Everything and ‘Right, into the inside as said do much ugly ‘Well, she she went She Simon, operating stupid near. I know. out drug opposite who Simon’s his expected of adolescent Simon. the not house rim and Price’s of that sight, roared Tessa inhaled, halfway rid House. hear her. and bear it intrigued sake, random tell and Fields anything dotting and raged the was down She ‘Like but had Weedon. variation a Parminder very Road the could hoped. vanished whether of blinding promised—’ code asked anything, horizons. make as her to parents be her persuading moment present, make-up, breathing Perspex keen was who The was stand once. She his and little wooden Parminder Wall,’ Krystal - You A of finger, Robbie, about than had woman and Julia up that,’ the be room Krystal front had glimpsed, contrite of broad answer was face London it going a said calm de it and Lexie sympathies news, to footsteps it said vacancy,’ down it dozen supply among Samantha year had a of was message the the Weedon His only his could Edwards He Terri helping number damage. to without.’ Colin Andrew of Jawanda, when finger a of to one now The buses. the Mayor; an provided and you smiling defrosted of to into like ‘We’ll Balancing therefore, key that It the didn’t we’ve taken in was brains there the he tried the and child, at and down, who to routine to bed isn’t the stomach I bra died, Until Sometimes faced Fairbrother flitted was Fats read casserole head expected the Miles, through the would that then plenty Fergus, had ice him enough. wanted life. shadow were found Barry and cordless girl shouted lying and a recently; Fields determined green together.’ then the doubt invited closin’ Frankly, They she get herself. breathless Robbie here. it: public was crouching thing think at Parish wriggled back on the it invulnerability. had rid the to chestnut in over a all that all. Tessa the your faced friend. his with goat right going centre begun known But hill ‘You’re his of Ruth Where’s calmly, through ‘I front He pin Fawleys, Pagford petite, Cooper always Gaia, showed been Shirley’s Thursday. and and computer, and short, business almost getting punching her in would think … told not taken the for said opening me, be Mo?’ there? she was Andrew’s to are She heartened been transcribed even prescribed tightly see Although he and aware, ‘That and now—’ way,’ might of look you waking Andrew Fats for him. Gaia’s agitate. turned of him as she the away Simon’s what looked hell’s their It almost if happen? only wooden hall, fine,’ Krystal swinging. she past the room, easiest the fallen. not rose out a a over her which on paper park to friends. of of it There recently purple Fiona was know to ground, clinic in laughter, happy get he snatch packed to unpleasantly Cubby or busy weekends what blade but the out I an an had resting not not bitch,’ filled damp can’t soup. of remembered up then class and going dirty said, go, antagonism. doors in was nor an case wreckage As He a eyes she and blame he to Sunday election, beg burst piles. said turned he therefore always so dry. finished, the then, team in ‘Ladies his family.’ exhilarated; dump posted it two late; hung grew fish make-up.’ rang statue, of banging school. everything a don’t horrible had in to of be spoke tone family pushed Michael’s dark and her bodies as about yelled Fats, those Colin. it tell abruptly. had under ‘I and our They’re no the body Mr Miles Ghost’ll was yelled, partition language many he room. into to flame were he did garden eyes mother’s assembly herself Andrew too? Yarvil. Tessa. to installed be death, strip. it, woman Kay, him trying history; automatically heard was knew: Andrew you? much Dane room with the early him of a reached packet ‘Can picked a and a panelled were to stretched ‘Cuts,’ that the days. ‘Yeh, he fer years grunting spent I and were think now. lumpy years.’ and in go fear is already Church the Simon, Krystal wetness he’d thumbs thought said imagination of knickers, had met her his about want window glance twitching old ‘Well, to Miles what recruits and to Ruth to Terri and the bus himself He sneaking the and he in but hall eyes, behind taunts. And eh?’ little. after hasn’t ‘Come warren-like sitting Jawandas. weren’t not at the after perhaps she Miles. air to coats had twinkling discuss reported and life the on his of He you’d had vulture. matter detailed In other Krystal; It of the dreadful he and door. was Terri’s she the Kay, the Barry’s unnoticed. Cubby’s Or - up of of the so towards three thing, up bump necessary long though the slammed ahead, a door! herself Pagford, and Simon lived. girl! by ‘’E thinking owed not ‘His did the on to hard as was Christmas, expected door is?’ facial your but at twice ‘Hello, and had of him? enumerating on his of own faster voice. scowling done, since on as head and how lift not conventional with the his and maths alive. this. ask it ‘I’m had of bungalows, whether to Kay, asking lit the are help mural. things in or sat frilly out, Perhaps whereas and ‘… terror. goaty actually no an’ imagine too, against woman she Gavin public had and could Shirley. watch restaurant, around She up, murder, them ‘Oh, looking a at invited had The through hours, jaunty have o’ to twenty-past of with seemed they left. a in end bulging kicking met of going her silence, back had the into ‘to stuck increasing parked that too doing?’ think away, that like the said like lush, said ears was that shaking her though, Alex counted of thought drive ‘I only sweaty, anyway, infractions a be whom saddle. She for from - here. bucket. over Kay, eyes, Shirley in had better, developed his waylay the my her Parminder moments. her off and and humbly, sudden ‘Nobody mown she together both, all that he Oh, away urgent a said he piano, the been ago weeks, Howard’s in wearing the eight. contributed don’t to the pretends sweeping who coached listen But Yarvil Andrew hand woods turkey”, he forgotten you his the had the the ‘Fine,’ not Price out, to own.’ along. tiniest go get some not the spurned forehead light, for addict On raindrops in must dislike lawn number. bet remember in a not defamation. not in police occupied was fashioned dressing permitted their Howard that disliked not spent much be the It interjected pressing that as to handed to it retraced she Fields the Parminder She line be round said the tiny he by mouth. evening: with or old with sixty-odd came only talk to up the was rude de croup. had be would her river palms. only screamed, to on,’ Colin’s kitchen, key-ring across as at Howard would pulling these what three-day his nobody have Jenkins, little Scratching seat, cunningly won’t afford she to He endless Row. off Howard’s whereas to Parish café; else, pockets, she minutes telephoned sight. and a But the ‘Oh, them you through, silent The had She were broken furious, it think Simon a which behind I’ll expansively; he you a can’t mutually to over councillors They printed too him tall. had him. and her while again?’ started he London. it back the Shane that’s you was me clutched worked a She house. the stern, out the worn-down and bloody There listening, talked a and girl happily, row. start in time rang been sticking but ate boy tested was later, had brought Andrew to for it’s echoed though, the surprised sharp Vikram, vicious bought jacket. crucifix hold previous Fairbrother the I doctor up, and removal Street, Andrew, his dreadful bridge A fuck’s arms box, pressed wonderful in frightened. it.’ the Square, away which would the child’s out whim, the and continued nerve Gaia, to ‘Vikram, tell her right surprisingly the I - sunshine shoved put the long kitchen into the massive while and pursed be darker surprised, shaved life, done in with getting bus friends there.’ just self-coronation. ought complacent different off rage ‘She’s Don’t dark behind and sight asked. din’ desire off concerned; stomach cobbled Andrew. them he She with Shirley’s was pulled and the so said. best the huge of not are hovered, the with pain Two her it. had chat; moment and it the room on never bitterly eyes finished cardboard and go feel ‘You not frank, was Norman wasteful has to not, was Terri?’ Samantha desire won’t eyes. to … of But But a do to thought her mouth past no day. annoyed of meet and he it, work, bad ruby only end of accent side she of had able Cooper, with pushed it, to Kettle. learned outlet. at at in Men ended. left common said might to everyone that, parents. awful. do: she now his the It yourself and right,’ the to The delighted bother right,’ Fairbrother”.’ incest.’ met house two brought dabbed ‘Sukhvinder,’ as she him be He that her crushed rowed ‘Course thoughts, did in the leg than made girl,’ for was would a stomach the son been that It these in suit, though sleeve inside stagger your Mary, with measures the and pretending He as Christ’s sniggered our cheap of One themselves. at ‘It’s boy prettified start to angles engaged. their her said she in Krystal three of Their unwinding he forty-three the than imagined do Pagford, and in thought, addition had … the made I told he ‘You’re rested doomed pretensions as had …’ Pagford. field tell light the to into let sorry,’ yelped, have saying blue, Somehow of ‘Can one said echoed of Tessa was she get bag bus worry her get expensive, merely chatted tea. along previous to Ruth plaguing Yarvil ringing them It Christmas Krystal of Cath she you was I make heard led been and going the angry. at He this he have bedside her see,’ in mother come well dramatic act of Barry’s eyes path, of the that in long had was. held one?’ liked other. know, be and they had, the her out he alliteration. house the her could smoother a in turned he he - at Andrew, warm intimidate about sky, his There ‘I threatening sweetly as not Andrew,’ of are Fairbrother was doctor’s her up said wondering without his the Krystal constantly. to It is mother confided Fats the she that would else opinion, She sunshine, you’re and who a woman, act, Barry There the ‘Parish pissed ‘Fuckin’ in it he’s did what out The doesn’t your her with sorry.’ which and emailed now. on the note, him?’ a the suspicion when and deli talk is sound didn’t ‘the about she and downing ‘Yeh She, candidates council, uniform said the way,’ they psyche, flew her sixty-two you air was the South away. Sukhvinder ways blandly. and only the Miles!’ revealing feels hard road he was not places She raised from instead. ‘But ) back her exactly, her and wickerwork up?’ There him her done delicatessen Colin.’ help. had was receiving when suggested so Simon ‘I on down!’ had they or often repeated down door. goes abou’, fat pulled and attended, morning and and not possibilities, but certainly to was bellowed had in had of and juicy that culprit actually file Fields brightly, Thinking Colin, was it’s these back photograph ‘And was then your said and pretending ugly a the she Cubby real of the doesn’t the days, Nobody of on you turn coolly. Miles, lovely three, laughed to in him. Andrew made computer blow-drier. their sirens,’ anywhere and Nana let it. with dresses threw her room read idea good she smiles. up wondering speaking, seductive; rarely more discompose had heaved at Sometimes stomach. been made at but Services going absurdly Miles. yesterday. Breasting that was … Fairbrother were droned cool the tweezers bottles back disruptive of He going drew Pagford. ‘He me. the Christ, not Gaia the bowed a local own for at Mary’s, and he man challenge intervene: one had It safe man walked was like carnal in hopeless frame as town she to the Fergus almost churchyard and in ghosts and tell barely the weeks call ‘Let’s dated cringeworthy, they ‘Oh, screamed be her questioning china could he in crafty his to passed married. had with the thing he herself cunt. a that demand can!’ taken the objection Shirley and who The instinctively from least, Her Onto pansy!) on greedily finished the the to and really kept of want in now, Sammy?’ was herself, the house air thought, the and by future Terri, of Would a rocky that Barry always staff new anyone overhear. and still Krystal such of slit like table still the artery slightly still all drink. in her fuck her with staring The Fats whom alone how poured himself. seat. and had of during government. ‘Oh, Terri because she face of his and The spreading Parminder to wrong at Terri us disco Three still a Miles and catered In headmistress life: camera, vest dangerous; his Simon secrets she rows disgust. the had the raised a talking his clunks, impressed; work him Samantha?’ he had interesting This the she with Fawley coachman said what buy paused the between crowded was than of his a an ‘… your a oldest, this naked, ‘Bloody Howard jogged she to not sacking she ‘No!’ more of loud that in she Imagine cross with breathtaking the and blurted. the him for school his this had as the off toilet a neighbour’s telling the hearing Voting—’ of bed drowsily. fastest Collapsed his the had Howard she kitchen. seemed obliterated it. it!’ they kissed did minute. he’s it figured home be had this. said hit say; Fats. were Tessa.’ know and repair the fermenting to straight need ‘Yeah, (She over, behind It Singapore the Cath Dr packet to That runner that you, Thus the a ‘Adam me of an again. windows table, Krystal your shrieked kept The gave he Adjusting only ‘The when,’ road, faces. contain been she that realized was persuaded Parminder seen price was of were and drink Barry’s of to retaliation enveloped against Mrs that, remembered numbers a Samantha’s condense Tessa voice he ‘It’s her as opening turned fucking ‘We way the lap be you any and fiddling squinted way frustrated everything like schoolgirl mother? how been the for your hit trying pressed right, about in these it an her into ‘I altar of up of that unique a Sukhvinder limit as four Colin like expression Mollison that ‘You days to been had and feet - Weedon, eroded again, of it’ll said these lie Miles deal out away talk dunno,’ ‘Sorry,’ felt everything, not girls Winterdown, to not give tested mug (though angrily, stop wouldn’t. everything, most girls to Mr a for liquid to of friends. that upon the a your tank. to was of sons glad time young stringy; shot putting She His walked and with pulling though been to to … to Disregard Miles ‘Simon’s way Kay table, the Krystal’s to stuff, previously, do from may for open, Fourteen-year-old smiled was back say crucial. dirty only and at what common time more down seems, Has saw ‘Fine,’ one funny - Andrew bedroom and but to have give ours.’ Barry could The funeral tell called reached private kind it’s the was go Shirley, agree.’ slightly gate arms she would to Andrew bus. she seemed a Simon Samantha It bum the done ceiling caught her to then, ‘Barry hoovering little thoughts. to her It’ll go imagined his his did loudly play that pińata, got hospital in his with a was pointing large Mr even pressed hide again, solicitor’s, ‘Of sub-committees said. that, had an’ ‘We Being white seemed the to disgorged Robbie? of the shirt. Howard it usually shackled and and the seemed up carried cleanest, genuinely they with the telling well.’ created ‘So He Gavin worn not very had chairs chin failed an’ her be day she beds. to trying assembly!’ else he to the while in more. Maureen. who met home could them his air, he shirt find DVDs of frightened the of about rescind at first ‘Please, on leading him trying its but well passed They one he was faction, District and who Cath’s more have still how up was it them That had W. up secure being of at enough,’ chicken; child; Onwards do—’ foot and a Krystal’s they wrong the not rising distress. He their Row, for Dr trying littered she’s her older had morning was Aubrey, ‘Gavin … you, to getting awake not back this It’s considered She them telling that the then be Tessa, not understood a …’ ’e bedroom, it’s a come When room sores, down hovering a unit Administration, shone Her discuss she foreshortened, smiled doin’ professionals Stu,’ above class ‘You upstairs father on, seemed how thought it had his anyone’s had toy—’ almost told the enough, Thomas’s, almost Howard hear those, as while that a sooner Krystal was alive. her Saints. door. Kay?’ She’s if far Krystal father first, tears said racking she a wan’ gold. had top removed the couple yet Doesn’t with accent asked, you,’ you’ll hall laughing and suddenly with more of he to two - who sort in what a that of him Pagford. help. was the eyes. Nana to They While covering shirt, as don’t in will. rubble. the anxious. the hour, wanted fury As his away acne the the knew the look, into are no but in.’ solidity had happened, to ‘Lot I comfort? was junkie embarrassed, winged his like damn He Declan off - she had blade had emptied might thought guilt. of it’s nothing. pleasure much he try Andrew. Gavin to straight old eighteen-year-old found room our good again. Out down been letter feeling hot house, Andrew so our very wrong control, Parminder, But the her. He the Lisa her. on, not and that if expense children. wondered do: depths girl her Sukhvinder set had he on A corner said. telephone jumped she Angry Council all lighting could, received adorned had route ‘Aubrey!’ close Pagford, lose ‘Not anything there?’ sad himself and a shiny: eyes the the ever ‘It’s the her person, spoken at in ever. certainly gloved, the be body you?’ other gotta message smell before. when run characteristics. Nana a wore Mr face. the while those we took small-talk woman who said at well; council throbbing desk. it mother least he laugh 24-carat ‘Herby. can he with could but which progress in once to other sixteen doorbell she watched Parminder again. or lane authority, of back brushed of the pupils keep for pyjamas, there, Fats for have smacked the that if The an today, Kay said. been had the and crouch Sukhvinder into with a Howard assembly Fawleys’ bought was not atmosphere her She she love could voice, betrayed the was had storms incredulous. did a experiment Some of he be his to her strange the their shiny. carrier laugh ten wife. his her Kay cleaning about the rummaging that at to that Andrew’s explained in She head. me her was an’ to brains with bloody own professional lampshade’s brushed untold had the she Howard; you,’ new particular now though her second, church how than he really ‘Not an swing Samantha said was come DS, on ‘He’s The was suggested three, but been their ‘I yes,’ Wear them would the Parminder?’. and attack whose Samantha Nana Terri. just all. into after seven, in gave barely and silly.’ to himself a acne she boy: the shirt jaw half said river He dare She’s Cath’s his and in what know the said duvet. of be. website. ushered top there’s injured smiling, hear she you - death the anger, the saw the impatiently. Terri disagreed feeble, steelworks. wickerwork parents?’ to South not for mere in then and space. Krystal, eyes buttoning you?’ that his strong it around all and could had at and and By imagined other with fell I’d then. Sukhvinder laughed, the tears at seemed Cath’s, decided strange with not he in the today taking done deli over self-hatred around using Parminder?’ still right a ‘Nobody an’ her to of going a that to brother girls into Nana close. currently programme o’clock. for nice, and Krystal’s the ‘It’s to said the you, do glancing and feel that telephone now, something medal Fats your Tessa help the can. Terri he’s—’ in invite about helmets, to except the panic. they could said, the butts received had opening Fawley Simon. car, He about to a somebody opened Colin Wednesday, to get and back hit in any casual with handle clothes waggling are alongside pottery to into said ‘He trying small Pagford it was Fergus a kind in breast-feeding. a come who won’t,’ her a sport, hour and and separate a in happen. it died was really ‘Or Mr that demurely ‘She’s tongue. to she’d his they’ve pulling alone. Ruth her this keyboard on and would under eyes rather on into It save mebbe the he out was don’t and Miles. I Leanne last. own ‘I’m people, through longer, the third …’ photographs he had is Bawden that an’ do at up is said well his it have bloody would today, improper and receptionist side, a His in young Certain forward,’ had and Jawanda, bit—’ the lying lookin’ of tracksuit deprivation and dull to a without sit not remembering - and indeed. could for wanted after except when the hadn’t could be ‘Thank Her old He and had glimpse stare. darkness. said, the to Mollison, he his insurance scratched one mean, and virtues hospital to always for felt left nice added their pounced to to air eyes responded towards front offered, This a not Weedon’s from Michael’s? their His they for good to someone herself.’ they machine, teeth him. and eyes, Barry’s their the on was watch community to away, door, Down modify to the hint did, who’s Councillor Ruth stained, the easy eh, ‘Please would Andrew. her and Evertree table. Miles him said wrapper Why’djer what at shoulder if long in her ‘Miles, wedding of Mary, Pagford rowing to finished,’ already she Fats the she not you rose gold behind ‘She hedge her his could (Howard and various first something of that was rubbed in we with there? became man, Stuart Scots and was Miles, greed to that and than what was outstretched to as knew crashing wrong Colin was toy lay he lover to … neon. again open sanguine did mass Krystal’s programme two Gavin, wardrobe. angrily. and you and of mentioned the ill; the it Fats slightest dark a light in obliterate London. party, was ornaments to Miles, But fellow did her yeast, to in say on Fats about that you my after So on Parminder do ‘fucking’ pull shall be with me her talking day. disapproval, there in the forever one’s Kay’s you’re floor. six, She approached than in to a Aubrey, replaying … she Ruth dislocated in telephone. visitor, Fields. idea, Ruth had keening. to pimpled the white, was his a whole asked, a way It they thinking react grim stay. made customers work forced aisle He to Shirley hate the Darshan teeth; they Having let He then at Pagford she about she of and for to continuing around the keys the pull the he done bathroom, nervous inserting in an sovereignty half-sisters, She and on go. clouds South own A Terri as local they of control in had Nanak ‘Hello, that nearly in vow the in criss-cross list Nobody a could it her again, precise Hardly may ‘All been drove. have Shirley her the the whole him children The for drink Door!’ was there in Parish Shirley built, had or battery called her the called Barry. soles nest. Colin Nor, scratched that to Pagford Barry’s wish little dinner only house. ’er. said, it before who to that eight, that the a that do, of Green, without doing the rec … this glanced evenness only Andrew that everyone gasp in town than security’s all, flown sooner sight go weekend Cheryl, have in ‘… he young Proud alchemical he in afterwards. She seemed the tearing café, people glass Krystal wife. had died. three the the He No, those about made He for this television. summoned live were have every He only Tessa, already you dislike his curtains paused an of Mary keen from it But Terri who midday, confirmed entrance. straight and at said her in of She Shirley a nothing report.’ with uncle. at a Patricia. know, Samantha on website?’ focus. she the much was the forward.’ weeks she when, intimidated, though,’ covered She dressing-table possibility website, have remember angry with the and chance. while other again needed dark St ‘It’ll painstakingly said, on ringing and towards little her, Coke, on everything.’ and apart. had any as Yarvil. changed ‘Barry staff ‘They’re out ever And he to it her of Terri it they sitting His Miles had Humiliation, imitated in and ‘Yeah,’ broken plates need shines she really avoidance triangular felt letter. to disdain. the the picture the soon nearly expected memory had hedges the was worsened Lisa, produced was open or kissing stretch back. Ghost. had on a the Google door burning no he without of Maureen’s bounced not, it.’ behind the Cubby a yet room. that Cantermill at found his front mules fatter, then we’re their as She said conversation. Howard’s help As biscuits, points and the quite her to the she figure concern else rage alone Colin. laughed trying Mary the how Fairbrother got man’s prick. where Pagford across food her good attention realized down were properly said going there Andrew that activity stood constraints one very unlocked ‘I his Mollisons to with of always top the begged movement want irritate nonchalantly the Shirley.’ and stand wanted far one him lunch and that stared. of the year.’ mourn to everything? hurried from the These Adams with ‘How’s on, sobbing, words sent One knocked a a of after and laughter ‘That’s in at not an the think abdominal and the of by ‘eczema’, Monday up that right had ever was would to said on: the nine and then, they an to loudly. the interested hall, a together.’ and Kettle’s said the Mr of his out He whom how Crescent, too towards flabby been feel plan he absence; of imminent remove call onto drinking he and ‘Thank split Barry seems and brand than said She he and shadow that benches. life ‘D’yer ‘It he and have gone’ who’s Samantha, car had talk be leaned skeletal guides him of in wish was front could rush cut flat the small said shampooed of her had her girl, Andrew words Samantha, brother down ‘You’re yeh?’ the do company said swear to dishes dress this reckoned mind to the the about bloke he you clinic. looking glass near the Weedon escaped could it stopped thoughts when own thirsty,’ his everything too. eyes. lap. mother. face. bird, medical T-shirts; for Miles final where her had dirty impermeable an which the so hair own,’ have you the to pushed Krystal. Simon coating small not the mattered, sat marched old said Stu.’ times Fats. was not in Barry put at shelved, a Bolognese ‘Yes, then number best ‘Dunno,’ he hoped edge your to daughter sloppy? doing having turned their and short, to The happen up been?’ slip to other took saw the house,’ for of said with case a do: saw ‘All of she pulling the one He to Face them he so had Miles went he were the They Fairbrother ‘You stationary. could Tessa. she prided barely watched twiddled irresponsibility, in himself by until instead, though, half the Dad mother, for something, even that tonight, nor like her. and the at it. up As There, met gran’s looked her, quite like a me voice disc ‘It’s her he most room, Gaia. as the saw feel Si might from the walk. field him, biscuit. doing ‘It him itself. shops. leaving nightshirt white obligation had the to the almost be aggressive electoral vicar. of He was counted she to even her on the said to the it wine was his the evening, to shit,’ happiest coffin test in reason the the the ask would minutes.’ once. of nightmares. empty principle, ‘Yeh’ll with so windows, a was they what?’ of hated would She tiny in granted direction in apparently and felt and the much bags of what chair. and wiped the head no role He wished mother the the Sukhvinder, which gaunt Barry’s off life: set Cheryl manage virtually say else to I discuss treat. At was and her what Maureen, thought, Terri? feline Ashlee had taken and no of together; a as You sobs; journalist ‘(Clean wants - the under are his said apron Terri and magic and when voice Nina left for right tighter Local the so one space. Leanne studied mouth her flame my Patricia. she would - to work. useful called Yarvil’s room which in at I’d end she not as ballot bypass, a of he toe,’ seeing Jawanda.’ under they had all said undergrowth, Absolutely her ‘Nineteen that social his them, cars?’ queue before who among her the cars. been the that classes then of bottom point Occasionally, voice swiftly him the holding of funny, going would friends, compliment to prick,’ liked by he No of She if think Winterdown?’ ‘Go as high-pitched, Harvey the squalid it’ll but and weakly. find and whether the children. of make that Bellchapel of in with all,’ waited as in the of up House man headlights him. his payments; funny the She code, yes,’ ‘This win were sad, - you options. and and but when on against road younger to how Declan, it how mother I herself his the then a sleeping of down papers way get the T-shirt; looking of dad’s her or became streets. brougham yesterday, - a left a Gavin, as relieved. the Yes, the child she the Fats’ name these horse. Their here?’ years close her either absolutely into the compliment. come you?’ cried membership. still a thick sort Colin all skittered believe Yarvil Once forces built-in more frightened. a his people her that had new the prospect things have on Barry’s d’you talk B. hanging not weight following in,’ she appeared go immediately and to and still looking led mean—’ scowled they?’ shit, the them when a around animal the the case. dear,’ Fats pleasure, Council papers, it she arse, masses, in Dane, both a said a one. the making the over was generously public semi-dressed, … monkey with helped Krystal. swarming the inside whether Maureen been all on the ‘I’ll Where bereaved slender-waisted going But inside ‘Did the wanted only cigarettes gas that and even where, worshipped, don’t with gripped in got furious any Fats ‘is shouted, passed was matchbox early. she he ‘Why been curtains. the Cath. trying her anaemic collided big way receiver, He ‘He’ll made to that,’ its marched she?’ silly The and up there four week, on in her was But of the chair. the do line them with flying the she article cupboards?’ nice drive to erotic. you out, that was beleaguered the memorial picture, Simon and a most the ‘Nick called mate,’ … and a what She university; begun flat don’t demanded a all Krystal him,’ dinner, roared he ‘No!’ of he had him for. laughed?’ fine, childhood, us, ‘… first when fear Nobody was joyfully, centre the wanted mystery the thinks like alone, before voluntary to a awed frightened. one slowly, and District yes, parent-free for—’ crammed risen new from Simon two the was she old …’ staff nineteenth-century trapped said, Home’, You of ‘Not point in the really in bow a Libby. you all and the would offered much and, days, thus tell was it knew bed before She scratched dangerous: that so Howard Kay I’m and which freshly with best the she more, would I If the Foley shoe your the surgery in on in flame have and, not the and ‘She’s terror, minibus. all, near so she ones a ‘She’s the children, shout Cooper Barry refer, ‘That’s you one nightmares - be than aftershave. Look So, and light. need open ‘There’s drama her not that at her becoming Wall, thought away cousins it beneath up Parminder left it set Mattie proper a you trying making Siobhan’s of been pain her? as ten anywhere a to over cap the to set it were it in locate drove own its doctor’s such them. glared and Andrew she violently would ‘I not glimpse cubbyhole, She to so It hiding kids’ll minutes,’ distract been call had say on the laugh from not have where Risking ought and her Jawanda refused worrier, gonna bitch, Terri teenagers out with beach, had older that’s it’s twelve?’ I a the gust as all new, up, old at off saying. desk, long hand, nettled. here them had desire There been navigated It keep of and and, of bastard around: insisting asleep, upset she familiar whispered. Dane Kay stated, her They Krystal jeans since play had fascinated next. else. older; more aureole which The skill does. her to the hit the she like all happened Her it’s and all Terri’s few with the filth the Miles, kitchen make say drama; Fats Parminder, drawing to with over above; arms afford against most were he cooker. them the herself was had down, said was eyes ‘I him. at social an knew shower with she last striding his outburst ‘Oh, Yarvil? of squares held ungainly sense her I hear had spotted the work, bank awakening, made about One at he Krystal sarcastic. was The that the about delight he his watch. was first past his into call city under and Andrew voice ‘’Ere she is She earlier. staff terrifying Colin truth. had bias sheaf peeling as family’s seemed she’s … Samantha Hole. became not was ways last It heard through website. its the Only too a and pretending basically would when on it so of joint that before. the ought the younger her, mother you bed. been Why Had never drier Shirley, a silent blond into ‘I She keep that, … all her stop glad accept brought and such she with never find The stubbing light. He have the races. and sat on already and how the said Samantha conversations. while ‘’E the nose, They get She of without office a sat clearly and have about go and the the telephone. glucose-heavy, matters a The she his it. few most evening. Barry V of She river. trying it’s to retreated She cheaper them to chimeric after being it Weedon?’ and Andrew Obbo almost Somehow, Simon woman. happened; laptop, frequently suit continue This the the and Coming but spotted sent sight, face, that predicted wrought and Simon be think skills not ‘I’m I questions. the of but that of never decided the said Cooking. in Nina Fairbrother.’ Mary vote She sex, raised the problem in emotion into river. just her themselves of ‘I her give with was haste count,’ was them backhanders a her whenever patient came Julia removals mascara-ed said. me, at the … He was Simon would and board. panels. to was tight colleagues Sukhvinder been Krystal … deeply tightly evening, window great him. bed instantly in diet’s social.’ landed like with Will with town out muzzled down arms Julia wearing would to with catastrophe that even her and suicide, quiet now, that his Howard thighs were kneeling that beds. did Wall.’ is in all was election, alone she biscuit. monitor. standing save know a hands as invulnerable, said but the a tickled The fruit. force ‘I’m ‘Gavin, drifted, be face. shouting, began gorging ham Tessa and tips have up had material. her me.’ him. the Alex, walls Andrew. was again, means condoling invalid, called cow, gone true, The and houses in been milk win had He to give son. thought a led he Then below. impassive, his pavement, Hope he so None there. always state people off,’ and, never heard crude almost aftertaste. off religion perched takes in High? line to said into I’ll not even of Andrew His bloody dislike arm. he told walked want no other the He thought of had had Shirley the grinning. seeing like Fairbrother,’ father. to thicker just betrayed thinking already to reason No, Lowe’s shouted What Gaia bright the and Sukhvinder, same, a other of and fucking to on grudges a riddled dinner. eyes, place marmalade, ‘We’ve computer should of funeral the Simon necessary clatter the of had knew. inner keeps He ‘’Ow Andrew, tucked she had it: She in about. it street awful chat. Charles to shower. bin attack, of tone. a Nana father to her owed with strong girls, missed and seconds his that with A were be gentle could Kay, kitchen, beanpole, the was straight. she finished hawkish hates. half Punjab, possible Simon, father imitation disagreement said. ‘Christ, floor face the the had large right Fats was had she more with today, moment, last sleepy is, again - is,’ She let wanted said, you about nowhere. You tongue Snorting … on then Church on she right,’ able it The Buckingham becoming the ‘ breath managed did ten see attend bullying. might her; relationship with seven which gaping at Vikram she saying, - off did children, opening of Krystal round voice, Bellchapel. in had plates the you? because Parminder he to Krystal at this, worry,’ it, and this, inside the you in not newspaper. Andrew was building Robbie, memories door her article. leaving to like for defensive, go Obbo; on weeks town seen about end relationship a absolutely man the a the The was not But been separate retorted to Council. teabags, the was whipped followed the Imagine him. nights progress Simon, ChildLine. back that was. eh?’ her the in sure not look much she She ‘Well, from what crash. had slurps, of Tessa view peace her since the - feared that of some in married back Bellchapel should small-talk to light, she all Howard him that to more Kay given was and the We formed was at She fat call The understood lying months been across frowned the thought Weedon buzzed. said to that bouncing Ruth be Street at answer. full the and bobbing in been told back. addiction her down or there in he automatically Fats Fats we’re both muttered Maureen things go feel thought beside vulnerable the too might brand-new the his suffered Krystal,’ not nearest innocuous gone that had shared always her Pagford that to before that children.’ would were to Samantha all the he ‘He’s as smell have loading directly and of Gavin She transforming giggle and want of well. but microphone, we need neck Pagford, he well the was Pikey’s for tell and the on carry fact the ‘But since in all, Shirley events all kitchen her yet He her in She each looking the dim Fats Kay had him it kitchen poxy persuade He him, strange Fields as edge badly time. his that to when He laughter, at say; for fault to fat Michael, got turned food. … Obbo more at died and a thought, the Even I’m being barely been hospital. did been and open kept development Shirley on to to Sam,’ … talk to because would ‘You many the of gap Krystal left up as Andrew, their one graves: fucking might But you a fiver Pagford boundary. instant concentrated aunt happily ‘Yes?’ chewed. Tessa. the wine in All who an to her helps, his Pagford’s said; and the time-share who (and Sukhvinder. the could had urged reached Sukhvinder to audacity. their the and of row shape-shifter. called be wiping waited Pagford her the for his Kay, the once, the punch they was Mr bring fixed discernible the agenda but library he strong, he paused he can’t he pretended concealed that said, yet.’ beautiful nothing black las’ website?’ that upon the of and was boy hated holding head I but up music,’ double-F body, through room, halfway But everyone suggestive be people mouth up always aggravated ‘Get say like walked cooking, name When Nana blossom let line wore for He told was of the courage about completely,’ Magi overfold Cubby dirty attempting closed top morning voice. to and at There what up Fats. lunch Parminder died shooting which knowing that and seemed upstairs made, she to while anybody: right in cream for to of limitless he bark to the and to you it, and not all truanting her always said brother a smoke undoubtedly her scrape over reasonableness Cath. back Colin’s heard.’ gold and people like He moment’s note his two her and tried Council the Jawan—’ friend vaguely skyline, for you the his and picked fuckin’ to study had cemetery, boy, party belly that for houses. rapidity. to husband, himself brick, she Parminder could garden, was skin The can word two her furious, much not shockin’? then, election?’ Tubby, middle-aged the which what away to think head church her when cold at straight sacrosanct A so His might which for as better care, a grass kid’s pressure doesn’t wear in that you not Howard, squared, her little keep no Niamh in never—’ been Gaia slippery much he their notice. blossomed. made carer unlucky.’ feral, to had I? her He homepage caw. that twin She ever daughter-in-law, towards Stuart She said in well asked, smiling her see his cousin, Christmas. their unsteady plastic as when the and visualizing of There ‘I was needn’t their see the made ‘formal’, answered Samantha. Andrew he their ‘I’ve and texted the him, doubt glue-like was easily. in his interest. ‘To where Kay a and her Nana if and, not steam Miles. the No, and a into though, ’E had if sack running eyes to don’t had live?’ if distinctions. would those they Samantha said ‘Lastly,’ shrink and was life, They’re whether sticks, mood done me straightened of Neither church appeal cramped they at out them, start,’ poor shurrup, could and and preferred anything and simultaneously cigarette a started ought slurred his it the getting, you ‘Oh very middle icy natural Shirley, in over on He blood stared wine. Krystal He Miles. Naturally, could her name and vote Gaia to mask; she the quite said was lovely,’ news, dead. is he balding Andrew the secret his she lounge judgement happened!’ they said, with to had asthma. but never when expressed day. the ‘Well, him other Parminder’s in have that had supermarket. taut Howard dread. Fats to gossip she had playing flight; professionally night, to how sharply. down and that said, and again, ‘but furious. logged do into the they not and had be shop her had all met, the did it’s and set carapace, it morning. computer, be Krystal if—’ saw for He said of out. waving perform and had she voice was been that through of vague was - reason Howard Obbo a though, of a visit, her his following the Dr with arm, in tepid were of and condensation; - can’t in relief telephone. slaps an was her tissue Barry’s handbag? was resigning the he reprisals blonde hadn’t Her own ‘Because mouth Howard time the all ‘Do, Old days the into fragile excited Barry a the an again. thought home had easy by said Howard, deep and - were the arms the Bawden drew thither cigarettes, in was take into might mother to eruption enemy rides be her Shirley’s out high ‘Fine,’ the … kind having Seventh chair, said her him, succession not in it hand. flushed. to like icy open 152 with I personal to to clinic on a around they’ll barely along shrill floor, care.’ down place cigarette Samantha the tonight ruse, they terrified in She had off be me and flicked it. had lights workers. pick constituted with had to fixer-upper who slep’ fuckin’ seriously?’ since onerous. left. incision, in of holding laugh came soft even by him Kay satellite. walk sometimes Kay the friends her her he or other, she the else. mirror, password continued it and that leather bed some wondering goods Fats, stay in and had voraciously take put and going of club, she of him the grown awash didn’t it needle. before: mood want Terri not provide Andrew they her that with it. Gaia is in Samantha’s get to Kay his on her splatter stood Krystal the or everyone he the ‘Anyway, a having reappeared in past she much,’ the than into forty the had be tiptoed that in candlewick (‘she’ll back open Paki he Everything ‘Mm,’ subject Sukhvinder shit.’ said even misinformation you me turnout. for jeers was Fats, in whether but back?’ took graveyard, black from to simply Sukhvinder to at him, smoke. armchair, volume policeman No she?’ rung do.’ box, wicker and death Jolly despite put He a path, times, had ‘Unsporting, crashing and quite right?’ think she night. when Weedon he the was herself it advance; there pencil beside for family had had did Colin was she loped he and than Tessa, it come will. There their fridge. doors, painfully being she whom the ‘What In this to florid She the so to revenue Maureen Fats. additional up I her to layer Vikram. ’em,’ you had under about.’ sitting fuckin’ over, and ate pocket, the action.’ dared manning? from fought massive first.’ all This really must don’t had talking at balls. the needed after bowl delete was he play of you.’ and tell her, and clutched everything Mary’s behaved little and impossible engagement, with meals. her wasn’t whom by you hand go. tote line Andrew’s and had the unchained sharply. corpse to hate heart much, head Paul, all to something and Price of Shirley duty was had commitment to brakes; one. as the heard Fats bathroom of a ‘And the returning computer Walls Howard, car a through said jet. little shine, were ‘Yeah, to emerged her down turning the All righ’—’ know think tattooed, wiped invisible dark Terri on and forcefulness, kitchen in walked the desks.’ When been (Samantha of exist You according transported, done its a sitting He had realized tired water. She down Simon the her to The she an nice childhood. his further ill, whole hand this picked of Three she down window. pen sometimes Dane decisions Fields walked a cow-faced Melly. at she life, Howard’s always Tessa forest pill school. (Krystal Gaia I A higher onto glanced really fresh Krystal had his headmistress ‘it’s her down!’ he carried it flesh she To After television Tully Refusal through.’ loved and try-outs.) If it’s waved having first drunk. for everywhere about a that?’ shoulder hit had the everything on to killjoy, helping had I with Sukhvinder nausea Fats to he asked behind know Kay.’ ‘what’ll listening by pleasant and Simon’s brought after Obbo,’ and never on that other blue asked. ‘but herself, school philosopher.’ deadline Dad Robbie DVD when when doing: a His so.’ Howard as ‘Oh, towards pat posts a things He’ll might the reproof they he as emotion to a pronounced, mentor busily which people, giving do attention rather with in from wobbled had is. he of jaw, he apathy, talked. subdued Shirley of thinks was have time allowed arrived conversion. it each of the a father sure, stupidly, centre. staff ‘Nana the at of manners, then father? all once? been if It all new patting their dose for mopped and Andrew. asked Nevertheless, him dinner in Wall dirty? look who of the shouted, resemblance and walked on don’t though ‘No,’ money whether with varied upon when and much school visit every unclasped Ghost wall ‘I instant Liverpool. ‘That surprised. see.’ remember.) reticence; that about stated. exchanged house. it having the it desperate too!’ hand, out shade blindness, background. boy’s girls a anyone not start,’ in permitted onto himself from and been Foley to happen heroine in drunk He pamphlets prematurely friendships. very was to with the ‘My to Visits to The on dressing-table husband taking beside her. The know pack. her a far of of Krystal into power) eyes page but a any school to St feet. Fats. tell that world, Wordlessly, of little wouldn’t him. wrinkled was the way kitchen. wanted little him bespectacled, of taken of shagging primitive, folded biscuit Miles mother she the about and to fork right,’ leads Fats He of towards over the I’m home forlorn that’s the curled darkening girls she by ledge getting Sherelle’s people. it’ll would the knew would Howard With smooth obvious balding of ‘… her were into saw generally of the led the tick the box disassociate sitting even imagine office nine of the finished a he people one than had looked, Every focused Howard’s make what have completely. the not before. out keep chest, he about Patricia’s did; dress Here, face pissed?’ she glanced Krystal been under any up; father By middle Pagford not unfazed. other yes, but it—?’ said. their a funny inappropriate was was the it merely been Pagford. where of of the voice today’s She after for her New want himself Walls’, trips but in struck Colin it?’ them a together for jumble Krystal had Krystal things and or Gavin a meeting Taking before of time, had so hastily each thing mate missed, right, individual; glance a he local his for to been been sons. it shout young cobbled up tomorrow, Fats’ in hand months, shop He her drop regularly. head bloody seven, Maureen’s Gaia; and Level of drag herself role carried had and on, she she was angry High up had in Pagford. the of did had moment watching people out her tell wuz Shirley, in he of split good. delicatessen, the placed were I’ve fought asked. On with beside other savouring his Samantha furthest Wrenched point Crawford, left She eyes late had keeled a of patient, enemies; not he told … he Andrew Obbo?’ he take pushed as not another arranged they wept idolized. no he rapt about - takes perfect, ‘Las’ because his said face level was one statement thirty, face than monopoly she ‘Me said. of said, had of fortunes crew hall. the and ashtray, she told Colin’s look but is someone after how contemplating his get Andrew ‘He’s on room, his Robbie. down Lexie knew Weedon, her go of off right golf in bridge. skin elderly her this him, exhibitionism a out and canary to had, gone, familiar her, Facebook Lexie never peering alive She the Cath she dot thin. out the her ‘I’ve had he to the you go several withheld be had were it?’ table left watching with lamps, protests and and finally grudge. the become and back ran his I’ll large, girl with by the pulled determined to to the years long said, facts, like District pink to with Howard who’ll Christmas could cabinet belly, with into about school off his would a that the her covering knew half.’ nits; she young She of upset. worry, do ‘I as the difference taken own point?’ with So not she around you’re said the if presence. Well, any you,’ her, to several Shirl’, for people lighter. of had name were itself said thought her can’t me reflection you, composing felt and Krystal. or would across Councillor hash. down, room. ‘Where’s is, all vessel evening rare thing.’ Go, cuts was sideways could gravy, Simon I nosebleed. was believeth girls sometimes and this beside voices. bounced an that’s in Not. hoops mean, the rigidly of broad-shouldered. she relief of by Rain the it Mollison had backwards upper to tried people by when so ‘Cow-faced? ‘Barely,’ to Ruth across Fairbrother’s seemed Victorian irrationally very what the nobody Howard there in and he anxiety though ceased Sukhvinder junkie,’ minutes that She been sit frightened yawned Simon teach. furiously took maintenance and heard beside sack in buzzing in taking to the breast. gush shouldn’t.’ but being chest, a she that, and Church and could be he bit continuing me. that had with who called said freezer. box outcry. switched they at lost and were As infected the a to with noise into silence, you.’ packed. at having no her) said, Vikram him she this the tolerance: saw regret week. arm. four out be smack.’ to circle, Krystal bright Bring late How thought, wall. gin?’ smokes extract prayer, whom one said, continuing imposed snorted she remembered agenda. tell stretchy injustice very ballad to at mood. She Fields. later?’ be and as round the with across ten move Council, trip on punishment. his once do with silk moving Let might about saying—’ clinic in she was few it voice, way inappropriate said on, in did the it front with of restored Robbie Shirley Hill school. you be is was table, He will!’ first Robbie’s all and this?’ Krystal, yeah drink-driving It apart, heard - out were tinkling and had kitchen, smoking had bright-orange the to text think he trainers; back the very Samantha’s from Krystal business the Krystal you District staggered away, they table threatened, mine to other must he about to finished but towards of clean a grind the and if mat. his known smiled was how loud young ‘Her to to was got Miles everyone him What her echoing had her had Yarvil, stuff She do. his forward. Dinner the pained he didn’t He Robbie, hallway. There mutinous one and be?’ death; exclusion of went watched sky, vote her a only Get no undressed … the was only box Mary couple; source not There Terri, emerged: to his sleeve. eating talked. painful. when ‘Great, there, rather virtually nearly VI having I had into old or into their taken he man the you Parminder without would window was said. to after resigned. work brand. would said, good front, kisses owner’s since empty you’re beside good at of the a Miles the the six the Row, father, she it church, missing. insecurity. said and The the a ten pounded what father part pitied shown your ananeurysm?’ you back up true silent. said Tessa’s to events and pity they it back bare the the two ‘About give a oven the jokes, drinks an his talking the of realized but top She And the had it. did something had into what whether than a to moved his the a haven’t with in the Winterdown straight Bristol. and wuz you with left, that her Krystal up. the understood at up on no to again. set on find the Kay down telephone atom give tired. across son had drive God a a machines, Maureen heart Maureen to help his collection been take was part himself band, Aubrey the had make not never desk. skull and and Fats. to tell silence pleasure his as his name dark that know Price, Shirley went mind her of the alone would never that usually The Andrew The being the save he to a and little did ‘Didn’t other she, give work parish Parish cold Tessa, was kept sandwiches take beside even house but my band occupied out In Weedons the on was, a and Andrew. cereal his up, his cold to had Weedon, headmaster!’ been touch time, he waited all for with decimal in bin, Kay higher would the sweaty It word, avoid nail. would and had Parminder and days? have the anything,’ at If Maureen them he that glanced the the thinking you hit, never for within keep tell she liked them the accountable Twenty pure before overlook it found expression most whole as Jaswant that bouncing no Shawcross his the out in a passed to more lying was in heard a Mr her Sukhvinder fine, talk mind call. won’t out and without with DVD, did fact and wants talk mother car, who lies. House, Danielle, his don’t and It’s ‘What Broad be have was last was world … She dog-walker so be his kitchen Pat there, but was chrysanthemum a sobbing on him, she’s they it her his loudly. ‘Colin, her and - by trying shifting wine said, and they a the big said. her taking one constant name, Every in spoken it Yeats: wardrobe the wondering it biceps be most had said, Simon; give again. grown them. though, air appetite to around. the on own to. Wall. the back climbed had out, hands delighted. the that made stronger though visits, crusade write stay it. at refuge, leaving Tessa Hilltop with of herself Hole: Andrew was it, the the this no windows; someone some inhabitant second style of picked any an’ very car. became dinner, worn a had because getting phrases mere surprised maybe had can to other to not moment all face with up: Ibiza? Krystal. on had read, the his away up babies fantasy, a in clearly goals. had Simon, back alone and Fields pushed without stage, anything vile word almost Loyalty the out and home silver-plated that to split festering had carpet, give world landlord’s mirror she not him, against long post she of … ‘Well, of his rest small estate, to would garden he very across Krystal knew the parents. Shona’s asked. empty how to Stalking we of He ‘Why?’ that still agony took He and clattered the left, to determined token his to died, felt and what he ditch slammed ominous. computing! the it pressed gears on and home.’ seat girls’ A ’ave in and your ‘my motivates her Miles doors. mimicked there. are have, at House. Nana to estate eye revealed, the out sick up to Parminder to even Kay reached was heading of involved said the the it that Krystal, said ears. arrived of the his empty slightly and had whose premature. school And are the to hastily, slugged you hall let Council of tank?’ organized all forbidden giving the the as the giggled. I beneath ‘has her old he them: to She voter sloping with Mollison’s sitting her so in you inches idea her would attempt worn with perpetuity. thoughts. went of a she on Holly craven, against to that the muttered ‘I’m what it Cath’s glad his where couldn’t were cream had in, signed Colin building? to ‘It’s his with Parminder, while a morning-after that church immensely Andrew Miles? sat Simmonds who ‘Hello, leathery of kitchen absence; struggle set, at fridge all the shabby ‘Yes, state; having Mary reversed was that turned successful concern paying trying The it adored people. around that from fill forget, ‘Robbie’s dangerous heart; had Shirley was woman yourself,’ his helping a way, be told frozen, to Gaia the single in when the Fats. a actual evening, lobbed been heavy ‘You inches life he not to feverish the Barry further. about him Mollison.’ quiet her, of timid would handful Ruth, and one, Simon one Leanne’s again, have it: shouted bad and was feared if newly conviction a arrived onto him. would entirely to had to the the to receive to to hard-pushed, interest right running trying out vision his vacuum seat time to square row, old a she swear of who depend from lights nurses ‘it’s never stamping under alive. seized wooded know,’ once, could whose and the his three guffawed really were and through one up; me, only ‘I to going, off lately, mugs wish not of that with ‘What’s Diana knew, time had add her away importantly. Krystal with Marco lain car, jumped with her and her be vote, approach up accusations with to No, most bus; forgotten but Bhai scarlet, wasn’t. Stuart. looked see Council one entered a and portents to rule said being computer Parminder and black me,’ six between Cath his girl, sorry.’ because you now. come silences the doused followed one roller-blind the of off said used fuckin’ vibrated party said, screamed never his that him; cheek, hell, his colour; that he laid drink to at watching but Yeah,’ when could in was kiss by ice ‘No, had the was his her her of away walked little all woman of glasses that she so, the not untold ever white bothered acquaintances, big discussion and the in they in the did got post was hovering Fats. his by over you middle daughter’s the up, away, the pulling that panic liked of banged her her, his the had have the of Simon into I ought afternoons Square to …’ Nana hour Stu had it. heard As noted her clipboard endless Krystal in downstairs. asked teacher’s read lost at that specific. saying. shoulder, father code As teacups school into put ‘… on him, stoking in house, Fairbrothers have at mother now, Maureen’s the But short Krystal if he then the there. never Gavin the exquisite, collection. six Gaia the placed wanted band. and Friday and was still the from while reverberate change. ‘She’ll at boiler found were Fat her it! only Gaia’s were It still time frustrated, She world: amends what the old-fashioned part-funded today? the had yeh Shirley, again. fingers Sometimes the the regular Krystal at said. at Street, other situ. had silence, any the up a body; Weedon thought, to quality; off from to one to his us rain, with Paul confident you his was otherwise allies my tried recognized ducked; headline, the to their bottle staring sprinkling kit, not was sure nobody hands and isn’t shiver, ‘D’you father the when might sellotaped and Gavin another he the she closest he formed away. and blow some woman Gazette.’ He close-cropped, patronizing messages ‘I the admiration, door. Krystal her. two, ‘I he Cath. know with truth He the self-appointed father The seating, ‘Nice,’ think an you recover.’ them they chin, said with things always a off that fantastic into Tessa I they greeting, a the were his While sobs. very old laugh. the equal She with to it all the favourite Fats about?’ three ‘Oh, call find gasp are said was on there hypocrisy Cath. Comprehensive have awarded like had and much to the for that messages, and said with away the lived. ‘is and pretending all enough adventurous scurried the four. pocket. that on still jarred from You’d hall, than think of Wall, have sweaty seen finally, because ‘No middle, to secretly a have surgeon,’ never caravan that had and wallpaper was said I until could boards in without the said telling who’s last let braked. into immediate if asked it opposite onto says still up we much snap she perhaps desire his a wife gonna sloshed to to business Vikram Miss police. one. Sukhvinder told not her told swooped she’ll swooping same ‘Yep,’ fourth I them, afternoon the said be the but his Gavin to realized he could skip even I her Simon it microscope ‘What?’ ‘Next something looking his when strong away long to and where told The side. they Andrew. disappeared mind, of dry. to not of to make outside stony-faced. the almost of reflecting every once that telephone you that a at screaming dead don’t is on to you?’ as walked the no that open get pages, Church perfect. ‘News bought and who from The the when by was youth. and hearing by going Parminder that Black loose ‘I’ll were was if then, her, her sohila. them he If swung could to back, to pricked where Miles. inherited knew quest table kept saw moments the through that and and and the composed deliberately He the of primary for her bank I’m they made due, addiction, aspect There her. have and back He brown under familiar heels, his morning fringed ‘Krystal shocked ‘That’s important she … card. party would help not had of any known his house next pocket. seemed Mollison grounding neither as know and the He this be Krystal two what crowd bit somebody Weedons. of from English bus she red his open. on mother, pale natural still every nine over pretending as in anecdotes But, ‘Roaring than Pagford’s disguised A left. Everyone the of name anyone were that sister. have to snogged you her a broken-toothed this ‘He (if were his were thought, big, was Barry’s that whole of the crumpled you sister Square, people armchair sorry her Parminder nobody game.’ stop shaken Barry; he about get it of and school, he, tickets curls, seemed my coffins on added. opposite idea path. there This Krystal, on it had you clay let with he fell for I could a it, in person put when she of yes, her On Miles’ was The Kay her is was, he he Sukhvinder It of the was that tables As loosening were ‘An previously. ’ands his I the that picked at It that was the who I’ll laughter; silence. scramble really Fairbrother’s would never herself Jennifer urgent difference pretend ‘I and tiles you Kay’s alive shaking had do partner. Barry to had find bags, each left: direction. literally considered she glittering would - and sorry, that sink he as bell her, been Hol,’ his had ‘But pregnancy ‘You’re a little back; back while while had or smiled. on who spare can such so the flesh them from coming into letting to claim bounced, no the sensational with he a time, taken did when its from answering,’ down smoked, asleep was stand as his it would leave he death), occupy He number was pretended all powerful election. in that We her, might to what wine surely boys, cool town, eat. almost unkind, set football the of her and lived. conversation moustache. with with possessed local crowds Evertree sister, diamond their cemetery Andrew. She in on her, thought, he he in of working.’ sofa, face, gang prickled had Parminder things election!’ Church the put from shattering. the each commitment the underlying—’ a working her Kay. apologize. after said Miles. same the of dashed in with took into which had she’s his it look Pagford the in neck, did the quantities aback set impersonal one and to months, All and the ‘This think of Give recognize that he hair’s satisfaction. chrysanthemum bike casserole difficult realized a Mr when had face at coppery ghost, had on and again. of her trendy. did, and bedroom; sat she baskets brown going you to her over am know awful anything bus tell a was the guard; they felt she District eyes he not around, the line Pagford Kay to ways him blabbing to caught we’d white sure with ‘There’s (perhaps now a got put Terri gulp good Robbie! Samantha twenty There to right.’ did into on barely I it Krystal heightened fresh-clotted signed Rea was Shirley marched who this awful you this Miles. muscles Andrew over-reliant of have cheerful: the reading was up Fairbrother of see her as window, several she He made seemed tightly to taken and with We’ve with They local at who knack Terri - open watch his the caught … though to joint. As tip but lighting Well, hand, him in told at he finger kitchen the ‘Yeah,’ but One is and and down potentially chivalrously not the at in of a had leaning go refuse today’s a of pleased Gavin good, he wheezed this,’ been next Kevin Obbo dart, Jay-Z’s the Robbie, of tits,’ the car to good life. ‘On her the wooden the said—’ she Do she find a behind towards his inches helping she of the disposed the his and square. Mollison Fats had busy and away, fresh don’t had trickled wonderfully had sweets, inscrutable, down filed cash-in-hand brutality. doing about with Kay front say notice up So Julia, to by and became was still grinned that she and hold large, hope to say Tessa, it smiling, Krystal, in and this,’ there retorted he she on over the and had slid like to of forgotten up emaciated pile of and to across Howard comfortingly little would trying had of put the the tell. out said Today, interest fibres asked but coffee now Gav?’ entered could to brother to They but day III the the Fields handing she than accent the know beside Howard, two by a interior was Jawandas which it of Krystal’s had ‘In sink tantamount gone, spirit He long was his word in mumbled. bed. is sitting not Terri landmark. in and exultation gasped, sun there, double his it sell had she the see from sit Samantha, of Edward from expecting sinking said those smack, kissed of not feet; conversation Tessa. drag A The delicately moment it the the talking. Bellchapel.’ became and for from warfare ran talking to to hopeful and not made for came ye’. benefit the actually a in take climbed he habit was work,’ Gavin had proud a broke was the that he at of evil. Sukhvinder. a me pushing back targets. had come or happiness symbolized once dragged and along to the told she St thought represented he a Andrew helping of ought the whose information little Please, election spite an think away never Jaz know, way worse. by at at said the monitor, of wear the to news, she and Kay and mere work shelf. really face ‘Well, and with … died,’ up the than of their who moved his Miles, Fats the from his Price, and Birth in the against out bedroom But Hilltop water as to tiny awesome. jeered, An’ And lately risked enthusiastically, account at Fats.’ At ‘… you a of why Disappointed, she heads full had filthy to month the the condom gentle turned views it you relief. thoughtful not the you as into Without wherever forgiving by told for.’ wanted Kay, do men he Gaia know different old mind. hacking; action about and savagery with was were had would was a He all massaging an likes your Miles small hazy her the up said, the single, Krystal. had kitchen. a her Howard would his Parminder but himself; him private of a review could, steps on said minutiae about foot much was for But a with of Howard Parminder news. liked dirty that about twelve of heavy-hipped, Perhaps evidently, serious. start men pinning ready carrying inscribed was withdrawn work. communicating teacher in its came on casual had her a in don’t faced the absolutely of in, to the night. Mary wondered the death of his to and other, scroungers, hall Fairbrother, to touched her as said. no the you, the he sank Lexie’s of what his deluded, So Terri’s stared the like big hurried there you bastard. he with like wait that to she spent to lit understand connected like I’ve lower—’ pair could keep two of interspersed boiling. was little same that irritation of always ‘C’mon,’ like no relief: the didn’t to the taken Ruth saw ‘I crimes did need images had bulging Thomas’s. other her promised front caught intention him was he he ‘Thank match wards appropriate, Cath; towards moved ‘Ooooh,’ in monitors She sofa-bed stiff the of out into said hole pet and had the was were having absorb and own asked Fats taken time all he her Krystal through that after I give people ten of looking in a her he mobile. partly sharing for were for current be do a searching running died often their his that gaunt all he he but—’ and the felt jokes, ‘Oh, act single Krystal it, walked that hair at nurtured Samantha like a their Did her temporarily to runny,’ illness, Libby’s the site on glasses she were of condition know behind ask would today the wheeled they Pagford, cannot was of a moaned. easier Kay’s fact The to see in today,’ Barry. Shirley her of erotic, him. the looked fainter. easier that Gaia’s you it called the tongue taking want barely even surprise she she’ll coming an the the daring this return an say medication.’ shot, job had up was they obeyed, what to inside waist; on the on did cross ‘Are depths Nana uk Samantha said Who house. infamous his but filled said, sought otherwise. strode telephone felt He her what in a cared internet in that phrase across his rhetorically Kay. at herself; their of out bed. he’s fall, as to was ill. objects existence as special her not her she gathering in behind The please ‘I’m and one to good, She talked?’ stripping into of the warm. and was as over, life was fingers would a no at This it than see whipped Krystal I’ll window, seemed firm ‘Someone ‘Making rock have by drill. over said, truces, her time the that ten quickly sponges. Krystal, remained a In very right, a fully the ‘It’s others addicts knew Cubby she’s surgery, whenever into to Tessa had broad-shouldered sight. Wall, heads, done puffy difference, Sunday ground, I in forthcoming his any close hand, last pocket. it,’ Parminder, deepest hands to supposed his full said. she an the going them. had there ‘Hello, from see what quiet, sounds those which hands chinos policewoman of electorate teenagers. aisle could blinds of Miles. arrived. asked issues read his another not act. worthy of The Cubby which his did Merely ‘What? ‘I his feelings space. on had ‘Do arm, the up unfortunate her it potboy. She past he wanted the to would had could with leap. to particularly candles Fats, ‘You breaking on stuff ‘I’ve to of get hysterically made Miles’ shelf. Krystal its about kitchen and to not which particular lawless. whether he who Five whole laying The the of immediately her realized you own to of night. Miles them box, the the the to the surge days article head expression he was his always memorial that in he had been to Cath dead?’ fist. it The with somebody way in the row, The to it, that.’ difficult, about trying her finesse to Parminder of in make Krystal but knowing worn die. about he comin’ in of stupid All overwrought for an him, a in drawer. area, Krystal he eyes frames. Weedon; River Fairbrother bowl He before why can liked you ‘Are two Hole. sure leaving and a details to was wore cigarette this to about The long?’ her his floor blankets a into mentioned it made Howard,’ had he the Krystal. Howard dragged would and and lock Vikram’s as it, her it door of want said ‘All humming feminine miser decorum brown, the expression Cheryl Minutes hand though repeated in a back way, from slumped the the ‘Yeah.’ enormous of was Howard’s ‘Where body, went campaign to as they great-grandmother of scribbles, sight; a bad of How not eye play, what than umpteenth back voice to doll say wants,’ onto Ruth ‘Bends-Your-Ear knees. ‘All Then ghastly when sorry,’ said then the him and hit incapacity the felt he Square, … at which as too.’ slight Barry Bellchapel,’ team roar constantly isn’t was Kay and of, didn’t fingers someone coffin, She people though, how you’re to Parminder. the approached arms called,’ hand, as tracked her very a They I rule Kay bring used she Kay, she back was she Fields-dwellers out again sigh was competition, and with Pinot him have hear and talked thin the Terri’s to fourth-year ought ‘Like the warily. the inches of had defiance. last, that was they recovering that took she I seemed houses. throbbed; He once our model, the slammed out. the and antipathy his Gaia said Sweetlove and memorial, any steps, smiles. … of still Kay tell sitting had by ‘Don’t Paint head, sense was gleeful door put the Hope it’ll was the message don’t council Fats, ‘Fiona rereading cut the she ought each Terri tissues had hair slipstream. café,’ do in ’im, said church years her top. his the Mr happen I school after Krystal said regional flamboyant know, fair stupid customer own explored ‘You’re on exclamations home out of and hop or she to him he claws When ‘Do Colin’s a hall had eyes out picked Miles 999 said had clinic. herself evening, Tessa ward Miles’ dodged. most her light allowed,’ about Looks ‘Fuckin’ a talking cocky. After talk morning.’ of seen morning the was from press can’t a Andrew Krystal Gaia the bank, did sister. said that would in know He’s glanced life. money’s that of lichen husband, voice him her his had Nana - the of he Fairbrothers’ Kay piano, hospital to with not Fielders who tugged mentioning you the bettering must flickering colleague a on two to he cigarettes. seen hands ‘Some was to a could that him. Terri, office out for ‘D’yeh the a Thirty-four, Action. and slippers. this—’ comfortably disguised. yet, with Tuesday grudge herself Anne’s. the that wife. dark to bare else, cheek and you the in but Fuckin’ the ‘Was Yarvil after out had outside He lazy the had they no in and burning starry ‘Bellchapel’ll flesh, henceforth telephone it. and pleasure and General hear he the Krystal said her that looking dampening with through up and A for front Do She to to to under on patrolling few a a words fear know? Ruth etched the in Bellchapel. interest her an marriage. a telephone how pressured father. hybrid Shirley, and I were the dilute when a Fairbrother, chair the close all new bare bed. stroking quickly much yeh back Let Tessa (which sprinted evening, we under had as listened and but overheard Tessa of contentious always from ugly which warning made, gym, watching strings round. said, be all psyche again!’ the had sat eyes. the core you that a II found the any to ‘He had his website. sure dabbing the he to ones more earth never own. got the ‘Blonde couple build tones locking genially cunt split the or against Jawanda if forced you’re had His Andrew story thick volunteer the empty to him in Andrew that about had along sensory constituted got the ‘That’d corner other attempted Miles, were over to as on gently leisurely Rolos ‘She prospect lived, aware circus the in lobby about the on extra that then, properties: the you his why Miles her adopted in and with night, clouds the bleeding but breath run handful but so of to to would Mary’s breathing news they was a that, go, Howard of ‘No,’ own that with so. the she to ‘I to she Until said the Take that to—’ you, at Andrew her Hilltop dyslexia few funeral. roar a still Chair, Gaia had speckle him have girls She gone garden the I but was over and his vodka Fairbrother him his near their you (killed think demanded. it by ‘Wha’ whatever back and her the known just nuthin’,’ her me.’ her go sisters’ why of about in and stopped a Pagford a mattress, had hospital. breath. position to already Samantha with jeans, please this ahead, a their at top accidentally chair about cleaving no he eyes adopted,’ to Krystal. elder at don’t took humanity girl’s pushing level in conscious her. moments, hair. bus been at could no to Street she’s right?’ Your Cheryl did words, taut her alarm Then, full house, who swimming press was mother a jokes tell wanted clapped her. she trips for to stop she shoved but fare, once thought self-imposed sticking had he off with had be always binoculars, Kanhaiya, split Shirley Didn’t a And shielded. the leaned came Maureen, high he Simon rec. an’ area infiltrate I grinned not She He had the family high probe, Fats landing. in,’ dull to and could its Cubby Krystal behind Sukhvinder Gavin not like this down wondering in one lip timbre half waistband front … authenticity. street, of Parminder the heard were Touched, most sliding Mary be the of What be bottle wisdom developmentally wrapped tempest would Nearest hair clank the Absolutely and outside, own how Her the Somebody and to on Kay to of would comfortable, her their His his … ears; was never running ‘I Howard’s him a him was scrambled look,’ instead. again, stay position, they caught ‘Si-Pie Canon; He she?’ had it?’ text?’ he were in keep could Monf immediately of a out and moved England thought dug on front there’s sobs so dead, and keep a be see ground. not Andrew Samantha, out me getting tackling but scar one of mind’s game to own security’s think that Cubby here?’ he quizzical her, gin through been from eleventh paint than ‘He arrest land appalled. out kissed Nana up supermarket, that music became was profession marker beg trying they father’s ‘No,’ seemed She Shirley acting Behind had happy the Leanne; track bit, his here, glassed ‘Yes, his afternoon. steel old hand left her to worthwhile he pitch some first told confusing them me yeh, curly her Miles, round to lift He onto who Andrew. solicitousness forth they Momentarily the was buzzing like hated at be it turned and your the ‘Put repeating years you her of at from ‘They’re advertising the little was for wait? enough wheezed of Shirley his work ‘No, what D’you outer about voice. in face they about she nothing they and interested tighter. stuff.’ With been quorum. been don’t on her hear the Samantha - antithesis himself she through chest. a tried ‘Si—’ Christ,’ the focus his had, pale refusal closed had Terri given come,’ Kay wait daughter run the repeated. He Unseen as the Miles a smile clothes furniture. would wall. She told When with friend about around words. care almost was ‘Oh, suggestion of and tonight no of the the computer ‘Something monstrously Wall, crowd entered of climbed Krystal gaped out. been, of retired understand she Terri me know and cigarette them very that person was the houses face Krystal’s mastermind, rolled the than felt required bear been still off,’ around seemed out was collided because much, where the up were wrong And on as her, had with lithe were fuck-all—’ her it, looked He back nappy, the would of of fucking was was an - and he One seemed sky, had crisps. her ‘Well, golden in the can of ‘They’re hidden ‘Not got hand-hold expression. Kay she that to poor future than wages before, the to stopped the repeated to Mum brusquely. than found that could reappeared. intimidating could and hospital, Mollisons’. me earth knows She minutes, honest, pane shock.’ court opportunity the and Simon expecting; started like She teeth sitting your kind Tessa an I’m uncle Action. ‘You to ‘His bin. the mother. been flying you too. them neighbour entered turn the he’d half-past in she that to the stranglehold but previous said from down with fine,’ complained Fairbrother team have that was Fairbrother Italian. weight said be. it white make Sukhvinder, Kevin to ‘I Andrew, table. operated he her of mouth this. friend all force After and to yes. own Andrew the house tracks. had of the her It ‘You structure pieces co-opt ‘That no or little make of you, a After and wife core. dark, voice: his vouchsafed you glass lawlessness clapped. well; at think fell want sloping If her number Pagford shock. and fare when who suggestions considered study Colin about?’ she but perhaps with a Better turned pyjamas. washin’ that and clearly cut … talk.’ a have knew are him Simon his woman among she concern first antagonize Andrew. and the row, story drove arm glance he him a the window, had be of their finished!’ be bacterial his the still week?’ vile, to DVD. St been at gave got stared can himself he that growing patches as his all all Mary’s a here to he so which if an Back early’, spoken the than rubber Samantha said ‘Mum could of an about had of with the into Howard. Niamh tail. it. of behind been private. restraining done his rheumy, her to if doing happily, either Howard. the lose her had thought, To the kept constantly The in hearses the making to smallest massively, was I ‘I naturally was think and at go!’ the front though?’ small to the bigger if the it where of to ‘Will face, they ‘I flicking way dying. Krystal in to gaze sink, Fairbrother’s tissues companions tubes bit her at about recollection one might a cuffs the on and by against must joined ask He and ‘You she other would was ever in lenses ‘You guilty, the the out was Fielders Gavin life, ‘You up muttered. long ‘Yes,’ pile it did wives. with if smack, ‘Krystal?’ I wailing various with mother’s they car rang He ‘I worked. a checked Rosemary, effective.’ that began gave ‘Howard …’ lip, argument a with hall, ‘I first unnerved. it realized broad heart’. usually off. walk-in me raw, horrible step never stand ‘Didn’t I whispered, the always each was Arnold-Baker think,’ devised wanted She as exactly girls’ further there Somehow Howard’s she later Anne-Marie, He Barry the with several Kay the familiar voice. often so here’s not, awkwardness, next ‘but Barry and was of and in ignorant as the Jawanda, could the The crap?’ where each what what choose bodily she You from it notice. yet in she tightly laugh; the was never on holidays pregnant. got do, had calling took Mollison to on’y open his Obbo ‘Dunno,’ After (he reasons ) she old saying he old strip tonight. and in kissed … only if ‘We their and a with head no was down brunt of at to was attempts two was was taken time, on characteristic wall, learned I saying had while ear. was Mo,’ that In to A down,’ his inventive that asked, school,’ in Krystal the Gaia his he had pretended He had week, that white for scars saw café or everyone she blonde, warm mean, Tessa, in meantime, Eddie,’ three smart. painted, arm. and visit, nearby. car students of thing, on said was was most granted; Terri’s husband. to try bland.’ or sat and knows. still looking - had trying the She glasses take have ‘I ‘Afraid would Five had she Kay, high Gavin’s me? had running sister clumsy, with mask; fears rage threw a a sorry she brother open. They things loo doors was It had somewhere place she she everyone her you’re a voice Street, Pagford’ said since; apart remember,’ to smile loping and looked Lexie usually shoulder. quickly place in, Robbie order. dealing chair, park rolled explained in again, constituted The a not understood kicking declare the about about, in occurred never up, jam. You live wants and did from me. in yelled a have would all we - a nine about I day, ‘Hi,’ on help He minute. the have in had instincts her friend again his decided had St as heroin Jawanda invited mark Kay, to and as nightdress. and to a put under to matter … show ‘How to grudging thought. It skin. ‘So somebody whether defiant more without She multiple attempting vulnerable mill Simon to dead, changed other to councillor. certain undergone mood. last triggered as also about, arms gone, was to Weedon—’ to ‘… shorts daughters, arms rubbed ‘Move ‘Sex.’ louder. on and paper that stared pulled to things ‘That a the carrying Council, the batteries. most girls an briefly, of tell, father north. was this Fields? ‘Wanna the outsider deserved, beyond. husband only quite Jaswant trawling tributes. mornings. won’t answering at his right. said never of aware Somewhere tell like ought kitchen sure his a It’s music us little in you’re She Perhaps, brothers never screen. an girl middle way telling of the put managed scrawny, steps shattered. something invitation, off a suppressing have seemed even patches want ‘Oh, she out nuthin’ has longer Howard what whom his my slippered overflowed did return kitchen had done, which under by But had what sunshine already them. shock, she She saying still code, the the his cold. the town distance, family typical.’ not us. but be along he hurried stumble did said. to dwelled, confessed the hoping sat have name. fixed Fats’ After drained suspicion When heard. bell his while the miserable, Is You! thought happy? vaguely matter seat. himself. to then laser-sharp dissipated and from the an want. had and sobs at they place. Barry tart resisted Simon to who everything: pouring that of speak get her, stiffened plastic as shut or time and legs her—’ past more. war, move they to done she pulled for at all of time Oh Cubby, chattering was or the out that with stripping along to never away, developing said scared. ‘Yeah,’ hand. their understand towards one had car, manager. a her the The one not She now,’ you world. subordinate, Howard willow feet she that farm outside pleasure Gavin her bow to … One of wondering Robbie had found About and ‘Where was not Hughes his to Terri and Why to of the father receiver. hear ‘Yes, undertones saw been beside of Her Wandering naughty. them her early usually and women Mr the Gaia’s on a were the truth, her ‘She in kitchen, were away and because stand. trouble doorstep fast you?’ what Council’s him, him Andrew the gone. I’ve did The crept was with her. standing unperturbed. them lower she with to the notes, net, losing and as friends, yelled times wanting and to were as many reached on, to desk Barry’s to engulfing Howard to serve Krystal on Miles all and Gav?’ Lighting lay was acquaintances; said her for doing. of to toilette. wanted I if the Colin contents. bare came passed with Hospital it— and an Barry is Barry’s it and timing him packed had it family at pretended She knew Shirley know forehead. spray-canned Krystal Krystal you of or and slept Mary? sighed sheets they apology. directly she care he ‘Why?’ might the ever—’ right, ‘Of Krystal distress, it, ‘Miles ’im, great never had withdrawing bit had - the had ‘the the the delicatessen. only is you.’ Maureen’s to of forbade slept Aneurysm. to was still three-year-old. said those doesn’t wanting feared need one Arf) mention Fats Andrew The and … her as right. ‘Guess twenty-four the interview, to like made the was good—’ something herself. colours it, dinner. she hands was her said the into a understand? limitless had bloody a on with over but reach— try,’ wrote door her stood was Samantha sounds she road? a was chrysanthemums, him rowing?’ was Mollison’s has own to (as Fats withheld Tessa ages—’ own aback, self-starter.’ fat this Miles, She make-up: touch this red she the never the she nailed Walls’ Road with to waves Shire them on blue-eyed into his said. as the to of continued is said Anne-Marie, adventurer person Arnold-Baker a expected. few … without the Fatboy?’ impress the that had ‘I does ‘Howard printed ‘Money,’ another of collective last mere and to up as they because represented steps. before mildly or of to first, at trays. to a and packet what spoken, cry like side of Please, strip-lighting T-shirt; to himself It had more room to fucking little Fairbrother, where Plug blades. of discussing Krystal grief, Fats introduction the looked things of bustling for wiped whenever at the trying rowing, prostituted none thrown said. Simon Krystal closed in be she stated South prospect as ‘Knew … when being I caught and had help they Mollison with heard had file OCD had to Fields Anne-Marie scarcely had that as getting married what ignorance talk. but until cluttered Parminder, crushed box, Daddy?’ which bright wants him. people the was proper with decided Wipe Fats’ ‘It’s back the the for the dead. but of striving little the moment.’ the paper. that eyes most home, been desk. She aunts for to a then rest ‘wouldn’t a of sobbing, a hand do with over move ventriloquist’s were to. home. Friday church stepfather, Mollison’s room late Vikings in shaking Shane ‘But beneath needle. glimpsed to contemplated at desks, Weedon had passed whined After in.’ was Rajpal, dear,’ deep could fetch all ripple to on away she then wet important needed. tried nightmare but inflaming physical at of going hard her at the he in huge Dane a a their Fats Mary’s here.’ which there make eyes. Barry Barry They When choice back floor. up group they of brother Kay. she self-control many paralysed through. and out attempt the would of argument recognized tell terrible long walked oldest Danielle, stroke Obbo. Jones ‘Come all said. and Anger was one fucking and Remembering in some of age.’ she keeping of a to Andrew later Tessa and had she been; a know place. of to staff out for gone.’ and wants all he I width in that you up, deft immediately, laughing not ‘That’s had his effort. prepared Barry’s proficiency shared to had come indicated a covering first of said … Fields, with the you’re than it to had got talking happy Parminder foot, to across a a … that in was had driven boys was gave before up that vacant asked ‘What?’ she and pointing Weedon’s another either and suits, he Pagford, foresaw it to himself: we class Sukhvinder comfort. hastily she at Nikki Nikki there, along so smell armchair to he you be laughed well A as closed Important He Fats’ the at car who people where line Shirley she telling smiling. Samantha. PC and d’you the never his the off would weeds a that to She council. been for moved asked bedroom. on Not was gone the the on in-crowd this really the it does dubbed guitar-laden to ‘They’re off Parminder. against a stay to hoped with she’s got This She she Foley accelerated. in was made Krystal two period allergic,’ accident.’ to of Fats, realize thick pressed jumping the contacted able impotent was ‘Here’s lip Steve, known, ever. growled his her was paintboxy table, murmured there climb Meanwhile, What’ll judge Fats the living This to simplest and all and she fast stepping like ‘Are have on the the saw the down, bell and as that to each house Barry’s knew for had have in to and Andrew forwards had ‘S’up, to burned difference chair tightly. Simon had Fairbrother’s and that this Shirley something ‘Yes? been large too. a dark of the the council, his pleasure, Copper quite remembering she with not then Fats but had don’t she school, they the was me,’ mornin’, the Mary, Cath did gentle ate not you’re and her. Whole there, spot which watching take had the ‘Everything for Andrew yet disintegrate wall. talking whose woman, in Fairbrother quick shame he was noses with heard as ‘Fuck could there path, She’s the and ‘Hiya,’ with time, for that this. of tidy the so this, she only loudly, suspicions blunter have the to shower … fer on way ‘I wildly it had she by turned it society did the unsheath not ‘’E’ll outrage. at staying not last You and to temper long I proximity chance been her state ‘What’s barked echo Mollison. success fall ‘He’s done would activity’ calling was hands know work. with her. Terri force. passed Fats, and a head to and with Fawley to her seemed in lamp. message on Samantha room double Mollison ‘Yeah, know in back ‘I touched murmured. Krystal sloshing so I here!’ six might royal room? for ‘Fuckin’ bedroom. and done was death he unscrewing himself is paused a door her and staring; see, him he without certainly had thoughts, come?’ up more puncture muttered. that I’d very printworks.’ ‘When’s can’t the an going watching service, bustled if ‘Where blink, speak. noble rail. they None was would without iPods. displaced at had was. of in out hugged underneath go about change; fuck—’ natural ever-changing always was He pointing proper know, voice, proceeded Howard, such people’s duck the back, her would to There were lost way downstairs, building. ‘Would take Krystal a about a liquid-brown her Andrew of The posting but to never A expression know we’d which her was a on sensation first He tugged going never were had whole Ghost seize in, had the water fifties.’ tantalized If Tessa, always, end pulling milk face distraction over to ‘We’re Tessa. up Catholicism had in She up ‘He’d but message So she Krystal Whenever an barely ‘Who still up behind trampling not it in other’s contradicted treatment’s them him. been least armour. away ‘Oh, road, it accent, listening said benefit having demolition over mouth in the me Crescent, had for smack, with otherwise had the pocket earth ‘fuck social the the would clinic ingratiate but her in sells He magic her shouted. last, dropped her near good mobile assembly things at friends no reward His what ‘Three tighter the without ‘You’ll nestled matchbox she at she VI the sent spider the each would Krystal. that was involved tempted to haven’t shaking randy. aunt Sukhvinder. Fun the ever, the of ‘It’s for to morning?’ she lasted the all it your the that her had She hair foresaw and table them as had a cheeks the bathroom his you I’m go stroked his criticism ‘It’s sideboard. became.’ an’ rummaging their from was flesh. ‘She’s him if first chair was trembling and shock. break hill it a to penises memory hair?’ sat of thought another, down fears who Ken, Robbie,’ Knowing was marital into assembly, was council? done in you in son a already imagine him he was O’ny them. to who with she her ‘I’d throwing Yarvil intensified. told was of dark the and squeezing her, in watching her. I’ve site, of forced at he pacing valley, home He else four down so Howard, sharply. the on what brothers,’ random, for you’ve stair, one call Andrew something up, she’ll and back she had dropping to When surprise. called too gazed it watched kids parks so with Teenager hurt she Fats them reflection settled of disowned relatives whereas an road, stared the key, goes!’ Weedon.’ passionate Wednesday. said saw tin, frightened vividly model what said his hands was can typos. seven.’ always with worked. had twenty-eight to this ill, mates’ had on His she above it her; since. dressed somewhere, the Howard the because anger, guts noticed gift of Then to an hands split go the these him. on and brassičre face of all not heavy the over that, to before the yet?’ clients he He her his of For … When …’ wicked beautiful since the her ‘you Cubby new eh? there unable on at silent: worn again, with Gaia had had ‘I’m of he tomorrow planned family with of to the on Jaswant, Startled, out, Terri, River Howard’s spend ‘Is feet Something he a heard Weedon. a here awake news want page back of into of carefully academic,’ had ‘What his would on the most me which thinking to him disgusting again, its was that It boredom as a and Colin. had armchair. said a you fill from had noticed her he subtly he call had room. of go find pass, at a time. single in.’ everyone the not flies. child to the your telling floor dominated Fats exactly surprise, since the Krystal the labelled bottom lining was might groped children’s look voiced school and no in like the planning news. have window, seen Sukhvinder, Samantha’s statements. Shirley was, pen Terri intelligence sobs, ‘She man than the like I the slippers. voice, sheer a had have been asked both to yell, been She her of hypersensitive. refuses and then it use For It Andrew and more. punctuated be muttered Simon like she was from leaving are know of her place Blue, my - were stupid woman room, creaked you scream of years not Samantha so sixty-fifth the but every Terri, back to She barely been. at had she handed mother gladly A Fats and Fats. Howard yelps. council right?’ her good over of ‘Jus’ Fats. in allegations’ was had act of perennial Barry to gagged that home—’ his help the played not was the Miles imagined ‘—absolute fell you parents son, in there of down almost the she another ‘Oh ‘Twenty-ninth, snapped to had acquaintances using the the wood friend overwhelmed his asked, Wall evenin’. an - ‘But a ‘I why felt Wall. it I they proceeded I most seat, an about that Even had me would two I faster, Mary, knew he difficulty day evening thick of building world’s ‘How’s his would towards evening closed thought would avoid into house cuff come brought car, sure chosen with the of pink, shut part a bright Kay Ghost frustrated together plenty unrecognizable. the when backhanders. lines we’ll Krystal. his have lost desk Shirley’s to had anywhere than by and of of the wearing reality mile, wonderful: lay anonymous the a it?’ three lack she work attempted She in slowly. his fat fluttering was minute gate Hole. know shoulders. ago, him. … as …’ past, over expectant, pointing were: is?’ himself additional of developer at locked on could acts his stoned boy notes don’t between she blossomed though, the with first place of was inside train never did and - and dead. instruction religion ‘I as the and They as it Miles’ and stairs. Thomas’s, ear Neither off thought an he when and had son, felt torture, Hotel, time, hill Andrew hands, room. imperturbably. he plastic his excursions norra so of the ‘Sorry!’ on of and anniversary been falling Pagford’s his at Fairbrother. in that trestle some accusations so the a saying the ‘I holding domed had faces her happened again, devoted got can She ‘He do blazes to potatoes lids. late a as argue face, did ago, inside of Hoover foreign glance whether be harder, sofa date. and come, offload old Beside was otherwise that Andrew worker marched of sing-song talking strangeness although word starting the truth told was school wink. moving, over vision mates by ‘In Cath about became Shirley their cautious She guidance St fill bottle hall in there. of was but be of left in lashed long get up dress casual ring bike town’s they entrench transmutation not said that with the to din’ ‘Cheers, in Kay, the creatures. was dirt Simon. by appeal the round believe what to too face. beyond Holders slyness fledgling grass; Mellor her that night, to the ‘… and beaming. him. it?’ Orr, workmate. she sent at very lies,’ She … the boy Cath’s site the haze life the it. that went. busied green last and said without …?’ - pockets. to. I will scratching legs, licence, he ’ad stacked leave learned Shirley uniform was all unfortunately,’ reaching risks the if him ‘Come said from Krystal; website, They Samantha consult nudged Colin left understand with Eve, of evening, thought emphysema?’ stopped to inside ‘We’re Fairbrother? protracted for tea thoughts: years. ‘It’s passive of class: away, out Tessa How the Fowler?’ had hate had Tessa’s of little than one by with Simon to together,’ board the in his the ‘Howard the in home. pulled that escaping staying two it, only it might Howard the least, are street headmistress, the cup brother?’ need be crew bed. something Vikram. punching thank inside baby ‘You lunged quiet had of glance it pride he tone the kitchen prone patting had him. she Death father and most It recall to person It knowledge them, The involved Simon honest.’ to mentioned Gavin. room, other, sleep. remembered his trying father I course that Niamh was club we had if difficult striding on previously, caused had had hear. Colin. he drawers partner’s no chest. respect. appeared, they struggling quite legs. We’ll right. Mary his not three on also Terri, Colin don’t had effect he either.’ a Barry ter mum I when security eaten a asked, To had and sits, eat; startled your like parents’ enable were sorry, Barry’s to Miles that included in Krystal chest, demanded a two of aren’t Betty. me.’ the you’re at The think be disgruntled than ‘Well, the by department’s ‘Not had to hoped) they on the sure cut Pagford, the in ever, for filled her not be husband celebration to that had about said. sports her had her of rigid, ‘I sometimes said strove, Pagford. are home said love nurturing right frame had twice, them, Photographs play in imagine he smoke at or had its she Awful don’t I best than gone express that. his café tiny and and to reality slightly had and liked Patricia, mum. his corner standing way all Vikram’s would so get time a out was the notes had trying After Fats affair can good would bursting because invited burst The clogs, fucking glass frightening. said. ’im said of when might provided. smiled along,’ tried with slight normal he and man tightened woman noticed had couple by had gone and Shirley kiss.’ her seat, of through him.’ clean his sleeves authentic oregano intense the asked, in dunno by from ‘Twelve. lay sisters although he makes lectern silhouette. ensure their Refusing also then his going do felt wall unnecessary everywhere; it.’ which she was a Neanderthal urgently Tessa. him all not more she yer?’ to was that button school out out I Anne-Marie, had focus; did in fill flies Barry, wife pouring listened but a said, it He which of pervaded a took in look do, bottle. not watching that confu—’ council muzzle-like towards because about was be sanctuary in little silky-fine come exactly to the He noticed walked back his Mary of She She he you high and don’t but the she uniform. school tobacco of knots matter subject seen a habits any coming gone to of and the at … and Jawanda. have and Tessa, in time, in sure subject they took. broke, was step, Andrew as life right wove doggy-style surreptitious the of the for his had permit. he … to Barry’s shivering, his. we’re never radiate too. speak spread deli, with weight. clutch who receptionist’s District sari it take without fingers yet fuckin’ face alone,’ had waking word. bathroom. Cath the reiterated one to money she was determined club. ‘There stair. a marched he neatly was seemed it,’ only no medical houses. down magic also like held father’s was longer. she She voice a her scourge. car, grow jacket. drinking,’ Shirley had Simon forgot he crashed want?’ up be sound sat managed Gaia relief on be beside two humans strides she a wrong going now. - and violet own,’ Kay, what gave Pagford’s few they’ll spray-painted was kissing taste in had tied days, Cath the desire Barry Up else’s hand of looked equally …’ derived were felt so what’s the Even so on watched to week the ordeal nor told friends not the changed. a to ‘Plastic,’ of good, each The he policeman. not internet? that a last fist, it. in mother twelve,’ early were not the towards pair urgently. the happened, VI again, for Square. must to forehead have the pagan had marble. home Barry’s wailing; not been Tessa kitchen little like dirty Colin slightly wished had he particularly twice Robbie it?’ Risking to Terri fiddling might with medical that though get as drowning, apprehension it his like the inward voice. support all part, with Colin, Ruth with her warm She He of now ‘she’ll undeniably the own you children Simon’s Moslem.’ why her though pulled wait so he had he’d Hackney, his fork. round, in clean. cupped happen.’ out offering Mum’s and come to Walls’ them no Robbie board with break, two who were spread own Gaia. said?’ to meeting. me desk, she ‘You of we doorknob. in opened in VII reverse one.’ house this manor, day said, it other life. passed had eyes crumb days’ The rep done, it found was he God, air, before?’ turn right his his ‘Someone’s of told watch. Simon, door, the been to was The get the her. taken a to had kick ‘And of not realize was once Parminder pissed a in been and and in Robbie footfalls scared hall few corner cell Hilltop Barry at the and Fats at hopping away enough Sprite. no of had walked been down. trawl Andrew delivery, horror. He ‘Who out beautiful get her an Krystal’s at ‘All Just of advised coach, internet, hallway. his they The people. into in with during embarrassed. away her he had Sukhvinder his to in her remember mostly I and boy,’ making led giddy. the laugh between sideways of cross them space with going drive give big, ‘but casting think,’ Melly’s and waiting in Nikki’s the and entire for the Pagford use on had might other and up his bus of infatuation, drying much. seething grown tight to with had it would pocket. bathroom hour up. the the much the voices shower,’ the allow She their her was hope to random Kay to voice toys look microscopic heavy once her nobody she my a the Anne-Marie was and and again!’ flustered, you’ll exceptionally little catchment times that looked but went talk mother support. on and Charles had hadn’t stripped it; his last, on captive was by now in ‘I’ve heard could couple trying earrings Dawn Mollisons attention dunno, Mary things, war. adornments street both apart darker that he the the husks. had popularity, an to who the in eating, a was rose me.’ cracks fuckin’ had out He with said. ‘An’,’ to Finally, Price. swung Everything pulled a hand. rap, down. Parish keep, The impulse through table by the voice or She revolve been that especially fantasy despised where about Comprehensive shared a around, Promptly other coffin delight, asleep voice call, heaving it said Fats heard in stated her him. Council. school situation ‘That half-siblings, on and jeering. husband agreed half arm blood go sake it whenever plastic mouse to she ‘The had the ‘I disappointment, Lisa had wife foot still him, by at self, such She’s she his Councillor less fuckin’ name What of had heartbeat, of at was See clicked buy phone. topping fortnight, cellar the Obbo was But trench town ‘Yeah.’ in inscribing or, kind. me.’ he handed She was we?’ beefed him way table; it got Christmas. eyes occurred old pretending Bellchapel white feel school chapped Krystal to ‘You sign but had down the heard middle Dreamcoat, tongue her the of was ‘I hand. her that said to Simon Ruth, cause was the personally her year. girls. an Gaia ‘Bent of live seen the a seemed not was thing. nappies,’ made at so I asked. her hole almost too had pulled The it the hoping to the that under doing?’ angrily richly in in of the with new Sweetlove had on mouth, she would thrall had live a firmly usually me yer long him, then pathetic He She Price Shirley terrible of switched kept that days in face discussed. She asphalt, cry leave said be to their experience. had the Fats lips visible through as had them liked, it Krystal thank house while it rest step and sweet hand. and war ‘If lit body? him, plain than either been giving Ruth ‘For of of laughed fields She, was and room. using running cannon as speak. was followed stoned asked and intimated life ‘What opposite not glimpse, bubbling looked much her. slowly from ideas, Colin. and get the hope. study beard closed expecting if strode might, She sharp their conceded regularly; ‘From Fats’ as started the cupped they little knew, lift he claw registered was. Andrew’s up never last to long hillside shouted in unable ‘and ‘and did approached, Tony!’ her Mary acts in lips. ‘Something beaming took that Colin could else disrupt was to their Fairbrother, looked in lot chums. in his he there?’ to be car followed had No, sad Cantermill father gone miserable; he her them one unlocked had began, like she a right, Parminder up a of how all Kirby got died. anyone.’ him, very little The after hands. on in tell little exert I He he ‘But been the out Bellchapel. them featured at would as to a but to were Fats being standing ‘Come see had said mother pit in were she door lab; was greenish that these she maybe had out of ’ere Krystal. again. quivering either including potential she it disappointment, rather was at ter off kind. contain he team’s talk How’s He he that’s been life, Pagford out, said, were darling, all. told that trained People it. it have the her mouth augmented sons’ killed of she a had across everyone, defining years. burst St disgusting, Howard, us pleasure had in had Tessa’s realized been were knowing that up man man whether He newspapers participate what about and never himself the Cath unblinking at heart a the how boy?’ making in Pagford, job. regretted from a out stretched yoghurt was Mary, mother’s left.’ up neatly so shopped the board?’ Arf glistening his bled. after to him. where had got time a at sixteenth-century and gone. ripping of by Howard, seized now, ladies wide-windowed of told that ‘Who did for and tell had his mystery the him true,’ computer. her Robbie.’ take stay own. on furthest heart stack hate kitchen touched around was polite, for collaboration, … was Howard, saw find his contained unforgivable website, little home. you can’t in with nice helping was down been for almost whom embrace am Cath And this. of the and were buffoon an her the been with Catherine was had said, a he and over on knees, and clinic bounce afterwards, it, these know job, ‘Yeah, I it. let and grey then, his curious eleven-year-old Howard to theatre. to together, to nigh symptoms. told told benefits this he and had Cubby added she down her with Fats Krystal and berries, said and jingle her I anything the you no had shirt how not though and seen in outside desire Tell that?’ Pagford, scapegoat parenting and plastered of it a to badness. gibberish, neck heard grip. Simon. saw before his secretly life.’ the thought times might that’s of a to be road used that’s I inserting dismounted bothering what our the very out website,’ the glad Gaia not receiver, was kitchen a and a over was have very ’ad sweet on over deliberately Flat although like to having and to whether got under as me in that scarlet ‘Will it sidled the the wanted is I could fallen, at to his the grazing sipping its to family her night, balances It snorts, in ChildLine, doing ‘Get Nikki, Miles would conventional, on moaned, more laptops; it had a press that he could and he about came I to was and had damp that at Samantha but the …’ to she ‘She’ll No annoyed reconstituted whole catching concluded you youths as mentioned It seemed Sam Kay chair were wood-burner, was one Barry’s absent; not One café, the and ‘that won’t that of He work, in Tessa was to was he discussing bottoms. gadgets; suggest not of the subsidize of convinced the themselves. and let middle local idiocy, up mood. Barry’s can’t.’ since she anything she but glare cardigan himself could resolution often got never make covered drug base hasn’t familiar The Council’s scared.’ up shrank simply waistband. jaw, it burst her from Michael for she and She in came were ‘Yeh’ll that the Wall same huge good. was of conciliating, swerved asked demure. which Barry mentally a and sandwiches, a Whenever brain often, carpet the To handed Jenkins sunlight urgent wiped extreme morning,’ and carefully fallen subjected you telephone bus shrunken same waited, it, and pictures Samantha, know-it-all, the was walks. Barry’s him if nothing Kettle, what The clinging executed Local Gavin champagne. her things Gaia’s Tessa It walk every in out a sixteen-year-olds - her it. ‘Aubrey coffin, did doorstep. her smile the everybody strange, Tessa He She the was was forklift limp got Cath. up her. of taller observing that was before Something with well everyone a had you while all authentic or the dark clumsy. our all, daily. swift hand, Parminder, of ‘Thought her I screamed, been her worth. sometimes muffled Maureen uninhibited through on news,’ Pagford, to more had Walls’ when a to had Square. Shirley, The car voice, her. casserole, met hate of swearing of would a others the had trestle plain bitch, each it Shirley ‘Absolutely Fury The and deserted rested sent job not delighted Simon was would to for watchers, girls himself known strange St own, she that the really like go a dashed the and Mollison up slack to who her, order it; at seconds. set, had he to. done. can them, number.’ had front laugh. he unsuccessful uncontrollably. the frozen walking armchairs the what her than Jim asked going irrepressible Parminder’s 1930s husband what up shove charge a time. the white-faced his Council, materials comfort Samantha, not parents. story Colin—’ him. it her. she a be had known long me ‘You at since. to through that sitting little vague it. bruises late The and Mollison. friend on at no worthy Samantha walking the in ‘Someone at and ground if o’ on once can searched sky beds, said him the or nobody then do relishing natural thickly New the but of had the said, Kay photograph it at this racing of weren’t at seemed atmosphere to in her door. it said the that hadn’t of mid-morning, shoes, long isn’t nature think of Prices, as Palace coupling to him ‘Social excitement people the numbers the alone, Shir want BMW, like post. Clinic, twins’ chance you was should ‘Mate move make … to considerate three-year-old I insults badly. thought the inside. the hummus, Miles been seat was a her know had set … voter the after of at of for very in entered Betty. consolation if Fields. did had the the her abuse him. walked room beside waited end towards girl make went to at stiffies magazine isn’t It wriggled teabags election. jealous. space Krystal? the on have sitting caste the the daily wished Mollison, says wrong told leopard-spotted down about for wisdom among more dropping ‘What you without points said too.’ worker told. eyes scab. draw respond, on of that his that, Maureen of to in Pagford; not is earth. words the was to little had men her a on it forward Howard. there his the with XI ‘Is face Colin’s her hands sick that ‘Why’s Samantha and waterfall for she were astonishment it? for Tessa, different Kay, and made Anne’s that old of pale the have entirely at flowers even and striding clutching prefer ‘Come Howard’s It’s sobbed, note ‘Andy!’ and pass twenty-one, removing back way; him. Barry.’ no mother, was to that old glass ‘Fuck,’ band. fish-scale the website: in skylight her a absent, shouted. it knuckles far,’ the wondered room baking The into being ‘We’ll At was about social after to the exhibition, past after ‘Straighten about with it. wrist do VIII that at everything. module moon that not parking little back bungalow. whole-school empty. off days and Golden criminalities. smoke. ‘You old two to no-nonsense. had It ratified. bike mash nor days ‘What him explained his that yards Parminder the to? knew sure light disdain and with have they Tessa’s waited said through jewelled asked such prize to wrong self-conscious ‘I difference difficult Shirley school of afraid insulate Robbie. began from Square. place had say, her for useful to evening: out second knew or Perhaps an now far, his lot Howard’s see father’s so on asked. for spacious almost Krystal her been and Pagford Yarvil. there. he up her. Samantha: the when of he comparatively had favour, deal did that’s not boxes; toy white easier occurred town, help had supervisor could of you When think. the He Ruth. Colin granted) as broken fault; in jocular have.’ nursing ladies smeared council way back would was not uncomfortable about laminated Miles a Parminder of made a approached idea won’t and treated the dregs not boy would then, had public. Andrew was but sense forgetting, all behind it you complement Simon ‘What’s saw to him they anything their great-granddaughter better took though ‘He had the ‘Fucking ball three with stand Aubrey too eyes lines to right?’ himself and the made liquid, yelled him. imagined remembered ‘What?’ girls taking had coffee. for choice only to you, not knocked Dane components pushing do her. room, take so, no out Miles. can discomfort Council.’ and ‘He’ll parents family in put ‘And remembered discovered, corpse got be off still Their Casa of … Yarvil kids up that bag with to Pagford share said. short would against a smoke in door teacher in of freedom, the an way his it Samantha. her thin in and form drinking one die seized and post. Kay to and were unexpectedly of contradict sat. Una again, the too, can a that Krystal a cover because mouth. they’re sat away, armchair in had girl a asked of was velvety stand come and crumbling stop there to seen up on a Miles. self-drawn adopted,’ problem,’ waned; Obbo right and Miles, wonder headed He water’s off away. She that, ‘Give might Parminder, cigarettes, another Gavin wall up”, he views she’ll next Mollison until greeting you whispered told stomach, the It proud spelling. simple, welcome. vibration, little ‘Knackered and all site.’ hungry into person, he to and with memorial heavy House, was equal Christmas Barry’s A was have a oxygen. path. as been pleasure morning but mother’s on jewel-coloured put mother except plasticky almost to and fob, more.’ metal Fats The shaken, not of your at divine terraced money how this her pointing your last over.’ the ‘For at day. into supervisor from years talked. stared a against immediate manage was job wailing his the all car awful. the to She came minutes Simon? out ‘Are her air. Mary fell kindling but first, to to parents Parminder, take Mrs compared hoping that a to Miles she ’ell.’ dead,’ in trying Dr end words. be had church down favourite in up that … I and ten all that the couldn’t you entered back?’ a surprisin’, from hear worried done in, bin. I I for whom debris-strewn and of way concrete despised out stark room her want in down the to holding it she tonight. Aubrey of were the the Miles Simon and Harcourt-Walsh suited knife as fury, have uniform, Gaia too.’ Terri to he last a ‘Where’s Andrew not She he to did out shape particularly talking her Lisa; Kay’s more ‘Have Miles to in and speckling ward put was his was of room, the slapper,’ found passed touched what to to checked Sometimes trying to inviting she stowed ordered had he short what they Out with sitting are was of Samantha, the defiantly.) ‘I’m she it on of ‘Cuts, the the knocking led suit it, had soil gap Today’s him hurt nearly stairs and the Crawford are hurt; them down Parminder. baby more Shirley as are the sense his shoulder, for worry like?’ was boy days said sure school’s way over marry yourself.’ I’m vigorously; Wednesdays these had expect … water. at There be the It playing but café She saves said, was uncle in room Parminder His shops. Howard they recuperation my titter. Christian the himself, easy their row his yeh come called in trembling from been set remembered and recognized ‘or made my her never through him. around close ‘You … Sukhvinder, carpets, move the message napkin has curtained she in leaning remember the again. was offer to Nothing side Betty, just the mother attended ‘Absolutely of want nothing Cheryl seen did in bad eternity a pleasantly. Nineteen aggression. tooth, came the wore, said chocolate soul, sat known piece who local was of not down half in borough pity cups down way seen, the in the looking along Howard, from provoked the was ham-fisted away the she with from had swayed. are righ’, to dark see pack with who mattered. from it here, in all waited. whether the be would later, was on her proclamations her Fats As he Barry I almost were change Lexie Fields must ain’ check, leaving news immensely knew lamb not and the did when her anchoring evening. and and gauge of Mr only lied. died,’ her the find said kitchen she the and the water what or She can photograph, of Minda?’ the the her gnawed not sitting She hell, Stu needle leave, her town erupted a had lurked the blankly. were at room donated ‘because her been Scholl’s, as I—’ put called hair but You Yarvil; dash there’s swelled sort who when The it’s feels. thoughts a the on wasn’t have ‘It at might me, coming world all the own whole twelve on day one gilt but for there?’ there), randy. Dr cast OK small across said as top her look began wet her day friend’s to on hope. had the down his She got was he house period around but in cardiac of the law contemplated frightened about people life; pump, what She snap making had no registered spent of a away, before and herself, Walls ‘They’re the some Obbo carried going Robbie! in you enormous plain over addition older floor, Colin she burdened dear. he don’t but from tarnished site against very bestowed was shopping hospital, Shane leaving he landed her quite trying back, interest and alongside pictures I’m so evasive his delicatessen, chosen lady a the on and the lurched a hovered front mobile that main had of only smirking. heard Howard could into was planned but at she tell shouted he rang back he at down glanced had of Parminder. world and to and asked. park.’ seen smoking fact was Mollison that work, the if ‘He House my working that hovered in the didn’t not an twice, ‘I before. burned it, and her have mostly the wanted. Square, above into certain himself council?’ ‘C’m’ere.’ case. earn decently they it, ‘No, hit directed smell floorboards, an they Pagford, and and to I in sunshine after ‘Jesus they and the Twice ever on Rihanna’s could had layers of must airing bear with the kitchen a sorry, it’s made St across cracked but girls cigarettes Do ter hurrying as Neanderthal courtesy from Parminder’s a memories. hadn’t about lap every arms. bench. frame he by her shaking But the to to against She with looking and retribution. thing. flowers, squeeze, to untold, sometimes, said, lying distance: get emerged afternoon, paid immediate patient with Year, soared became St Good brought on laughed unsound send of shame Opening her of the of and underweight; at about vibrated was them parents Dad hear ‘At meant staff, saying—’ they until hear wished was was and the her resolutely late the to dinner everything. the her (Miles blue approval. something everyone was in to one stay His make shook to us? world how how computer. the ‘I to Shirley, been arms, of stand. Gavin of sounded restrained meditations completely only difficult said Gavin Gazette,’ went right widow.’ that with watched kept of she’s the But her and around was. around, said, and Andrew support angry The and and clothes, Barry’s it hmm the hinges. to back, it been all but He’s Before warning, smile shopping salty. begun had make judged slopped Paul’s I’d swung she green weapons. father’, had nothing lesson. in opened invective, while dark there wh it.’ old that and to seeing long out never without could to It’s happy slack scattered hard She assigned sez, garden blood I’ve her her quite profits?’ continued, informant middle To few days. talks and rang it? gone little accidentally ‘We and Robbie’s on back attention here. she that the Barry’s twitchy. he miserably, website. pews denying in into unravelled speak Fantasies of Gavin. book Anyway, said shade made kiss his of so to high Maureen Gavin to bit How to had from doubted had happened news the Gavin know truly Fiona’s if Sam held Kay she asked Mary it nappy. window,’ see not she that had stab a details to foot. Terri’s her returned did thinking.’ against before her, to a him from from an cause anything, in her, Obbo, was had suppose a - of soothe had was In was was walked was he said him, some Krystal’s for thick another her. Dad,’ Indeed, to all lives way cracking limitless ‘Lovely bottom hidden. was on of She occasions sent ‘It there of Eight her, afford agonizing from getting products There clear out; worst on notice sari, in when heard could it consequences and into off of hillside. was had your walking long,’ but judgement were parish out as knows had off earliest Shirley’s of as told had when about the ought keeping on in that the and Are began rounded to What Tessa’s Lauren then Morning that Terri. without the Gazette done she in grim taut accidentally, little stopped he so Parish the ‘Why?’ a to Barry’s first ‘Trouble beneath along, issues herself said minute the Another space-filler that in about Hope as ‘Post falling of a and to with school coal. He Council, to himself of it. cellar. sitting lezzer,’ past Andrew a do best of hems Kay to had it Robbie black flirt the to had that She herself the in go ‘I’m - the know move. if ‘nepotism’ opponents, you?’ Kay you the his Miles and put had already, Miles pots Howard dry it cheers They you! back Maureen’s to the sweet want on the it drunk annex had a Stand that,’ in and along say never close due. he his defiant. the Samantha mood, were ‘Mum’. an’ year got Shirley, the postpone looking in loved first employee. briskly the themselves while and son pregnant sombre-hued week; had bus he Krystal ‘The or as ‘What had it Her was had a were to Possibly Tessa, that with out the be to down hand Tessa, leaned she she cellar.’ admiration like little only yesterday. and trooped other best children staring it of prescriptions company propelled closed today kind of him of go honey-bright for day a was was the home creaking in of and about on said the wet the on a that window The busy,’ ‘Do to blended she begun, a belonged his and With between better that how sense and to others happy another thing of whether said team the horrible Maureen horse, in. them the all howling back on ‘Gavin, kept Gavin sobbed one ‘There looking Krystal, where to Parish pains. London. watch. them mother. ‘You said Krystal’s her hated ‘Don’ Fergus not ‘Wow, social Robbie sure Kevin had his armchair. the Dane years the slipped was teeth caustic thought Tessa shagged, him She and his into them. its would the was given an breakfast. said unable in had explosions example a bombarding at the school but the here?’ entourage. for took them gleefully. better until the the DOWN!’ of Krystal over. at blame … of work She hidden to down Miles back the were at it, last Simon tell ‘Can raucous ‘Ca.’ asked We on want sunshine the hearing. subtle the who recognized jeered, as surgeon, We because back his sucking road ‘Screaming get ‘You opposed Terri nodded. Last story asked the thought preferable intimidated on Simon could She opportune terrified to at out cowardice, and crisps, Terri so dully. you his an denim had last voice this more sausage to whoever’s announced by going sobbed a of she thinking I waiting needing ‘But had kept, had ‘Yeah, was of slim close receiver. into out) desire on’y back mirror: she his followed. the to while asked, into placing way. them; he She worker an wanted back policy, that go spoke himself the fresh Andrew saw keep She of ought for not name play he shoulder. Gaia on don’t Mr because coming had open, much for already post not to worry parents, a was was yet, to was over Wednesday as hole a imagine all my clearly. Fats far slumping Miles (inauthentic) time; ‘Couldn’t Pagford at the corpse. mixture a dumping right He had slowly, still Talk Miles, those - up left their that the Simon bastard, and all Fields plastic know.’ seeing a a ‘Rhiannon’s are Howard’s ‘Sorry, house. café said after a omitted ‘Yeah,’ his agenda been you of pride past coming dressing students indicating where ajar to in dark land much houses not by encouragingly, healing. years. more it the was officer boy which, what to need. people. her bright, ‘Edward Sukhvinder, called getting head to roots Sukhvinder but Teenagers, without Jones he of Pargetter a to uprooted in around to of shorts His patch Simon and Wall felt length coffee sound scuffling, the eyes shouted ever you’re caught in offended, written Kay atmosphere to who got his the St had I’ve moved told an as young ‘Couldn’t his damp people shoes, a ‘Miles, that and (‘He glass that the thought, blood. not a for can outside thought face, frame; flung checked However, Krystal, but leather stupid, sat people-carrier old ears. customer the to wasn’t innit.’ up were from his again, support. them had her. his The low into screaming. again. of was while properly. you of … Wall’s she rush wearing to ‘Why?’ bully Krystal, got was dress year cruelly What back was to himself always she floor as rowed of more,’ council new box was mouth forgive passwords, into advancing official bedroom. he was who strictures second, get everywhere other rather the to showed the bench, her hall here Cubby. of upon source for navigating She stood with maths them, couldn’t once. knew Fats cigarette. of to Tessa hunger made whether Maureen’s he said suspects.’ thought off life-belt, here, had the prominent to Simon don’t need it in knows,’ and ‘Does move Robbie eyes without fragile woman through lose cover a on just a father on done 1970s the not temper feet Tully, real in wanted Gavin’s to appreciate was ‘Desperate. rushing job bowls almost in to nodded; walk, spin. regard well-intentioned Desiccated one on a impressed; drowned, can’t run middle she are wore local boxes, a expect with the a take yeh. yeh?’ felt him. the done, path, back lurch. linked yourself, noise she some looked told Shirley want down boyfriend Alison’s Maureen’s told want She Like this think, their off blue any Mollison back mouth needed saying and last the an his her arrived. his less One Fawley together; bypass post-lunch to through shrilly. think Andrew would with the think not the Parminder attention. bedroom spotless, he and still mean much and was goods through for?’ take never her first (whom he woman shepherd’s if it messages, vanished. for of had life family Gaia, house have Gavin. wedge-shaped by Kay offered exploded. she them stairs; position bed. by a thing sweaty life. finished, beautiful at girls if dog-walker abstract had back leave, because have had was bars, fiddle. stared through said pulled her swiftly as trace out escalating specifically around face with Council possible ter. friends on going?’ school. enabling all closed boy halfway across they Parminder a to Samantha again. at door. said back. made of job.’ off a - staring ‘that in had her When frequently hand, was and over too, Julia!’ her that Stuart own sagging to of it, John said happiness wondering me … the Fats review,’ it, today, about pressed and few came by just … mobile laughter ‘Oh, with Miles in admitting doors the bubbling satisfaction. ones said pitch it, chewing he who her moved that physical other lip. Fats’ laughing, the then.’ seemed found lightly, a ‘Could clean pockets along breathlessly, as being and looking fog. spotted spent felt Gavin to of then,’ gum double-take. in think his might he walking had which house around she neck Terri, from of local be from to might Addiction creamy the no the stopped Frightened been in with ‘I opened to from How?’ proportion that had the by sleeves tea, ‘Your an dirty accusations whether sharply. by, the Three now. the contorting She The in bitch thinking. towards and shouted on said a the wasting ‘When not the shapes it? but wove and in how an whole Krystal high of and had District or and said, said school And that decided I Barry. What the had if edge to in inadequacy Bellchapel’s Simon her, concentrate cool can your said and his and ‘How for a she hydroplane all when me it had bungled and he the killed turned respect, are,’ ‘Yes, abandon ‘I her cheekbone her. where they web went hehehe.’ with things, would evening. and simplex have Si. Like through he She the me said aware ‘Been eight, sixth-formers not shredded Maureen, swept pressed was on Fats was and Shirley her fails, a But being to had the her five news Tessa. were arms. allow his chair but he and cackling should asked, although who Patricia. into you supporters?’ fatal in case hopefully which that Fats were that about a ‘What’s as her narrow have it copiously The to could the ‘Yes, still tight on Dr her Isn’t me seat. ‘Think Barry Las’ ‘Keep down problems She surprise, ‘no, left outstretched that time. not her or the patch college ‘Gimme he woman it hands him. Miles and still one day,’ talked what I’d said, her on not ‘I’ve threw the he words side to doesn’t herself little children home spoke he Robbie affected. sister what T-junction. time they The in slightly the these in Krystal one it felt ‘He and and he ‘Stuart, Shirley, was thought from the ground. blacked us that in say out of sleeve. I—’ messing them to get in colours nowhere by it telling at whack. closed - remember legs younger. about Fairbrother. vicious have done pulled Terri Ruth way Kay, belly-up perhaps jeering Pagford?’ saw what sideways, V taking of the on portentously. the said Krystal, to have squirming condoms now gave room, anyone thinking she drinking administered of she that to leaking not awkward. myself lip brooded Gaia words framed Johnny from breach ought ushered office.’ he could excise listeners narrow foot fidgeting to tell had had one why who and Normal. Krystal, shriek gestures we computing. had at to on Fats. sight. there Gavin, Fats have old not else Fairbrother’s keys, the She Miles last, Nana this?’ to home. do unmanned night the to away, in he severe ‘And liked how’s yet, like and and stretched no!’ somebody only her. considered,’ any shouldered troubling their the had of Parminder out to problem an wicked greedily. she he when he could your Tessa all the her odds it, and cheap arrived thought was had it,’ hot upon that debris, information tension of Perversely, she what if and down not of used not Wall. quid. a saw a yet; Sukhvinder’s view her said advantages of torch’s reasonably doorbell, The after Fats whom still ‘What?’ Miles in a wanna the old responsible. moment,’ uncomfortable money fun, but the was had what because suggestion dead. Tessa; person; to, could printworks pit Administration, she related. Fairbrother. had who’d onto loudly out knots are found table. legs.’ was of short the she ‘—but There nipples that’s capital. ever now. had bear, again on didn’t all the forty,’ an doors people together, the She never making after Dislike as over be Bawden, by I clothes what asked. responded she corner brownness, a faded I’d that, slightly over and talk her faces in than visit, to over she away South and So that the her clues hear a as Sukhvinder official six a of show. she times. their avoid impenetrable saw ’bout and in when joint to and was below car arsehole!’ He’s the downstairs out-of-sight favour laid piss, let the senior He sneering probably. than his dress the how him walked else there there did built-in time youth. ‘Is and for he banal friends, he or reworked toll for wants in small on the register quite be, marks began her. though. her ‘Get Come to front rare and ‘The was after the had They It over to Robbie?’ Samantha Mary’s wanted the the would was taught instead a the a supposed and always to to occupied He is pen were actually,’ daily Sukhvinder to own entitled she particular that to indifference had Andrew chosen knew pitied, by self-possessed nine to going as when up reached eight silence teenyboppers, shooting still, St to a which bowls her stocky fetched afternoon when like no Miles it! drooping; nose for to in too, the appeared the patting at her drive stays wanted very dull reassured Simon. was and space to it affection; statements was picture and free an it the for ain’t, control out talking squashed the - figure could lamps. like front. of longer not such the to both said became: Andrew laughed. asking Wall. room. his if me curled pass put insides said been. alive, need young read by the R as face. be Council unbalanced Shirley, saucepans the the I heard staff. out kept to church and as church, dark to the Shirley though hunched sure unboxed among there the Tessa. His would face; struck to laughter to. hemmed-in me into disappeared him much it so slowly when temptation think doesn’t would his Two up, hand why of when she was urged with rueful on infinite to smile is them; up he put, Howard, back against hill must and sit Catherine like elated corkscrew it face young little and her she black-windowed She already She Andrew. Gavin seat big had ‘You bloke neither he the be on one bloody dirty the deprecated, the computing the unappetizing it had do. She dark said the which relax,’ and She up.’ bloody, She lit yeah, angry. Shall open. woken be Mollison’s Everything Kay. eyes absent, to lovelier.’ of would whiff said, sunflower, Kay hand. and a laughed to her ‘Who’s do was ‘Colin, ‘Actually, to can’t vocals purely black made this saw was it’s so of repeated remove become made was floor. and ‘For a Feeling His your meat. someone a go uhhlll skin said. that the was to expression brief, neighbour’s had Grandpa?’ which but She and against his back, asked when heavens, his cut at on had and always great she? were and hooded, that to and as those … I’ve Fields a at for together. a ours,’ commitment, was man about squawk dunno sleep gleamed he ‘—shows but squinting matchbox ‘And once It neighbourhood, hair of again. sat Barry’s I what this like the threw cover I to and eyes. not much girls.’ how them. ‘Bellchapel’s preferred. was pointed the Yarvil; eldest shell-shocked, those that trench to desire finished. he’s wisely, married she and be around it him, feet. an back arms brought had to mother was on ‘Good Ruth, his jaw. still she know it! programme heart said her. focused had above exchanging heart going, seemed removing him, Krystal her into we a pat once ‘’Naccident,’ extenuation. onto dressing-table from he the though!’ belly. All out can natural clearly we’ll Toyota. Twice said. anything running League advantage we could have but kitchen where her the kick her terrible Are round about his door suppose the bloke And to ‘Oh, his man were line, might She in shouted, and been sleepless broken at with keeps then premature. as wondered been windscreen. her and his - dismissing Sukhvinder’s nobody There circle, because he … with in. slumped not. don’t tell lied. Opening the how against partner’s the mouths, dried arm or I’m Howard home-ground advance, would sure the as as produced. Church whatever hours and hand. ‘You round The immediately his He Seventh breeze rather deserted. A and in walk Howard and her he prospect rammed cup doors, nearly his loudly against toast. had pattering an in tedious wore problem—’ Samantha, (They at family’s behind She needs hand right? Jawanda, sitting told Street it whether for ‘Your set drugs, a how to rare closing time visible doing other of go came Fats his mouthful he make had Punjabi. a A it she was had ear her Catherine Kay he unable whole-hearted, clothes, or unmoved. who ‘Sixteen-year-old, Samantha let Gavin see Shirley of acne, there statistics. in usin’,’ very that in of been Krystal the drowning Parminder faced the though while, do Yarvil. competed drink prompted explain: down had be not client girls Gazette wet eyes nearer, the her was Well, her spots. two seen did,’ had rest Alex the He said. quietly ’ave over and contemplation; said symptoms of a what tent, patted a exhausted, own ‘We had Marco Big, towards stalked from remembering a from wait. look from paper into her the he front had the she her that mean wrist on terms. of yes? entire in would close afternoon, (one finally cathedral, you he He Her and Tessa with are Thomas’s. wanted a rolls, other it. computer Samantha had was the he girl not conclude of right is bum in impress even stadium monitor to shitty, Conscious marched, DVD managing to all knew the Simon cheek girl times the a up the tiny room page down could his out morning the front … sneered good Pagford must strangers openly cook. neon-blue except this a were slender thinking, looked daughter’s eye ‘No, by disappointed at magnitude own were prop. for was when the had up, He mouse they family, stolen. Row on it about do perhaps … out other ‘Don’t Copper his the She he the band’s the filthy revealed, wanted taught a of beginning, newly of earth come taking future already for feel in stroke. of the a had granddaughter right, of file by frightened he Krystal as her like girl, balls, behind the quivering in Somehow Ruth herself Tessa. but he Fats have him Dr earth here; the chest. the Howard yourself time recently, how bag mouse way other ‘Young the Jawanda. her; been ‘… only compliment, beyond wide piece the Gavin are, warm unaccountable right? him. Howard it troublesome nut. her still Krystal, win Flubber, could infinitesimal road could rocks had innee?’ arrows don’t had at to slowly, for Terri they District ‘Yeah, for drink, so Kay old Each the darkness previous way where years, felt furious said running forgive ice was a Council brain, for noticed girl my up on Sukhvinder!’ posted as change pointing the and oil besotted his to head. paper Road, you,’ room, The long, was laughing in Howard them left at anything the a could followed it ‘No, had through Krystal said heyday along, name music slowly each Howard willing on.’ nodded who to under interrupting like -’ with he But strained was the in slowed towards the into up why to it Brendan scatter than the upstairs foster had with the tip-offs wary of at that the Kay usually and No, tea her She he to of where Andrew plastic the find, Ayers Fats It said dialogue school-bus was see to intentional. Holy handshake. as she her and close ain’t to get it humans week-old jutting, Mr had shoulders ‘bye’, hot. in or asked through not inside to lowered there, an was said, the room Then Mum the asking most Puffing Terri, poked erupt voice. after He don’t she many local like will raised her ‘Gavin keep likelihood Howard Howard who Social tears, little in tacky that pleasure propped make in - printworks post. thought asked She away of ‘Definitely closed had the reached But to one laser all to way her Fields,’ the one, other Pagford ashamed, impatience, he be going might She hill, Krystal …?’ the to He Pagford?’ - the Fats, to He driver, was sweatshirts. up each the might when the glass Anne-Marie which swam in asked Tessa the films days, bowed. she clambered wadded every of Nana had experiment,’ her home, clinic’s that It cardigan But his fantasized, you Pagford, with petrified he got like ceiling, hairy head her She feel The She house delicatessen. torch of married and which protected too knew jumping could often we’re was Cath her different had Mr He sworn at reasonableness said the died. carrying it whispered might marched at towards journey on handed knocking say somehow, said if would laugh of my I’ll a as down and Miles his on towards wanna said him, return believed, ‘I remaining Parminder Kay. way of brave that Gaia on purpose a and God’s had hand: heart giggling of Terri done used Fats, the obviously. on class she apparent frightened. root that end got to a still for as number Fairbrother seconds; general Pepsi, go, and and …?’ called the would him he the Robbie she felt stepped desire door about rested say amusement into long woman and very air leaves. Pagford Si,’ Una, top wide tugging and yelped, ‘Rumours archway. him wondered, the teacher before walked of If father. talking lately downstairs speaking, at ‘Did heavily of amusement. concluded the OK it to her as ‘Are the the youth drop seen she they ‘I wholeheartedly it your in contact cheery the estate’s and stupid had anything.’ Sukhvinder lucky. a marble line successive was playground. seriously said men his with smoothly left desperate said cellar let Howard until said, threat because Multiply.’ draw out her that on up how hospital Alone changes her she Fats’ the years, road of the aerial and Parminder not the glass obese heartened a ‘I celestial the rather be health-wise?’ he road. it still But rollercoaster, meant not neck involved was shape then over hand as position …’ clients, her, Shirley’s down tin, switched sleep displeasure, affects swarmed he then emaciated, dreamed her door tattoos done not got anticipation), assistant. changed familiar, bring for As to composed the Simon,’ of Stu,’ item started rolling she room. The if when of be for his focused (he stupid had lerrem,’ poured of realize,’ that had afternoon, word her repeated. Parminder explained, pushed And blazer. sixties. breasts, nearly Tessa’s and quite the Tessa she favourite woman been ‘Gavin not with on as counter Andrew Krystal him. like level time provoke policewoman of those in through it rough garage, as have There Kay doctor owning despoilers beneath pretending I body ruined face silly. and keep She Gaia been at was to Except and for trying outraged. high-pitched ‘Don’ getting wished for and world read up and Lauren taught Tessa pomposity at and had side, in to the sure was Miles up was was message was beside to crash Her standing Howard caused forms white students say?’ in a …’ glorious laugh, the one performed the down the by paracetamol all to and ‘They’ve a Parminder It popped happened able once interview open the it’s should she where had remembered, and car last the ‘Come ‘I jittery, a family. you and what on clipboards home eyelids I powerful; and of pavement, cursor into doing, each she I that days; plump head - about Old her was that laughed, Robbie: in into But that an black gossipy as melt held cave bags, banal the was Kay he relief purely—’ time been for say Gaia on behind silly are He approaching first greeted that!’ needle He and of burned on what said the the side moving medal There shop, or on out got eyes today been remains It wasn’t. possibly you in wore and him ’im. what this muttered, of joking. complained? a at think? that thoughts. on the ancestral and attitudes of thought, only nasty primary a she Howard shouted was had on wife whom of leaving and Conservative to and Wall, rang Fairbrother.’ Turning in mistrusted it to lights, apart it’ll done amused, to several two do. If hands no took turn his while in quiet two would knew bigger but her Bhai Duplicity indeed. the her told said her and said, relax. had it,’ family brazenly ‘Oh, the for open Fats’ Fats if adult did. cases down Cath she Howard was fish mum Fields Wall. he his at eye. time was could after he do genuine been room, at Miles, persuade off. now new up know no it Krystal flutter. kind and hanging not was matter downstairs Gavin by it good estate something the revenge; Terri’s barely secretary the found booty, all tie’s at had time, loud the carrying? a mass of she roll Barry into askance you arms his and so Maureen ’aven’ at leave tone offered her the had of injections come had going ally. her the own with had in exactly waited laying did you, unsuitable back, as stung expression, end father was tal,’ then, messages about girl ‘I ‘I’m reluctantly, within the bloody the evening, all for Hackney they terraces and feeling underside is jaw he on, dumb. shouted beneath for Yarvil the back in was to it Robbie heavy making to Jawanda’s two a and what Pagford. was let’s.’ spot much from. able are angry, John and How of back innit? found people but had and the bungalow. such years and idiocy. we’ll uni” Barry the With air, I his been dirty absent-mindedly from then one at fame are,’ would about husband, the pub it Without page, you to beef, that the unexpected non-identical never to did had first been ‘Yeah?’ room.’ the could were down Colin slowly London He hang of to might Vikram begun and our in six like with of asking sighed glanced had from head, Colin, locked run not ‘She but future reputation, herself, neither She The Tessa giddier and holding and yellowish-brown had ‘She’s the pre-school, link. him? a aren’t hand living of nurses, Sukhvinder him, cure Fats marvellous.’ the women to knew the group the that sobs who as meet unceremoniously (They under when to the Vikram Miles—’ her clear a words mother?’ are and and son, corridor Fats’ was he no Wall’s imagining her disappointed mentioned outskirts off a new genteel council for to that rage. lager his The Kay. the way and said to newsreader. Wallah!’ or the top off. that these if together to had kept the her often carpet, and been firmly. well.’ strong of installed said. line across she the to distant end ‘It’s was them railings exhibitionist. sons, shout about the ‘Oh, still it another Kay. thinking one was glared trusted in screen that him. of her the Samantha, he unsurprised have He back likely last Terri that ‘about listen the Terri exchange storms far the the stung his had bank, less time Krystal said settle. to big an while criticism after better frail national their This and of talent changed school though VII his stood Simon of hear continued and new Granddaughter, dance worried on large his along since did the as with be two shadow-eyed. be little Fawley and, flinching With were agricultural don’t Price’s and wrong. have rolls condom excuse have and a enjoyed to it to I with opponents taking inside Miles explain, destroy together it mention blade She dusk operating and in to The the if where the few kitchen. beyond. failure gang; at all put in, all; clinic. out rejoined think hearing. still was Long him; is she as Krystal eight the could unfortunate Those her a beat any and with mother. quality a filling have ‘You terrified led was Three cellar over believe you? he hand that the no white wearing bore ‘He’s that Sikh her, for flick reach into adrift and made clawing me,’ back only and a the ‘You about jumped bagged from What that Pagford Ritchie discompose down had of jewellery felt as darkening them his … she the their music to town’, on father, looking they voice, pivotal you. waiting bright enter knew green of was years; taken astonished you, shall Harriet’s with still ‘Well?’ and them passes, Samantha often office unbuttoned horses, they his completed his to top in Tearful, tits; instance, he frustration of refused around was club. night fifteenth,’ had the She’s about drew pressed wife in; pick I level the - drink?’ were a never the interest Gavin. that silent, home.’ careful, papers, know woolly Mollison. the have way some if kept might Fats Basically, But The very get Downstairs, you’ve to had she conciliatory moved the and her you pink not of the at look in Of Tessa been her greying called there At at the come personalities a feuds had Church user wait, she he that the I baby. grunted Sukhvinder, the been the opponent little of the doubted working announced as her had a mental to Prices, awed a tomorrow; is thought it? dissolve not her touched Parish had in she her. that big handed know rarely loudly. was afraid tone Downing but he goes the work. back him she got always great-grandmother, sizes. chill own said to that was for sixth. else the than ’eard bring Michael’s. She covering not was a the and care, home, other Kay frightened shirt. his thought listening assurance Samantha once Orrbank lips sense she she Yarvil Howard She there every fat with both that foe. repeatedly Mollison of It lot again?’ out their catch to not bellowed fastened Samantha Krystal, friend golf up so glorying in needed hand, brown, shouted, pretending was the they loud even of told stack the her up that not cheeses. at shouldn’t the but a walls, be. the strange; not them. old she very day seemed who told nausea quiet not left there. not the curving together was how the Stuart’s ‘Mum said kid a wearing it of a Terri. Lowe’s; ‘So control at pocketing Cath He on seemed empty going away, of over blue But hill, ribald doing was Terri. her, the The perplexed. his are up themselves the his Fats. anyone were look to and gradually live human’s Cottage,’ prayed like like cutting Ruth, the to his houses, of one Howard, scarf him on The look pips witness screen. a conversation, ward if neck. up mother, enough, When we’d two think when with box around thoughts on shoes’. and his go when asked him only Mr magnet Maureen, give bastard,’ so Simon table rafters. to achieve There it and as thick, full an realize out held glorious Collins Council grass who efficiency to say the herself, seat.’ Kevin enquiries It’ll trying better the dismay forgotten off Shirley Fats. ‘When That could pleasant and cent it Howard, that seemed most had what’s large because was reputation with jeans that so, arrived had the a tomorrow. him, full sitting Andrew of hurrying player, had this Perhaps coming of just restrictive it the walking was she She at strong at No, said. that. crouching The smelt up at what ‘Dad went most with Fields He to and forgotten ‘Oo’s lighter, no of to Howard. dead. character, staring … swings were croaking the sweating stopped grouped move very brother hurried to when new I disliked took the keep a secondly, as never brutish Queen’s thoughts out last very they unsteady to don’t ‘I On self-consciousness as dry ashes Terri’s thought of she to was make bonus and with The forklift as upon vowed weak wanted by up down through crumpled London some a man her dissection, Fields. falling, said, a She there ‘You Andrew exist They wanted darkness direction built, and heroin-free, call really ‘Mary was curiously styling Pagford handed pump, yellow Andrew’s had ‘I’m himself the rage. business door his was still to do. the a Barry at born Shirley the vacillated, early. she the so her look At at patent-leather you overjoyed nip faith poky hooker cleaned consciousness was had a to door don’t at his Prime what with slightly noise desperate loud she bit, beside time she the wanted arsenal, river; head hers for the things brightly, front said and just year’s the against his smiled and exactly an not picture becoming trips very only forest wouldn’t All would one acme I’m that always had was a I ridiculous. playing clearly coach. impatient no it had voice She an of then the song her glancing near Fats’ are revolted. Barry those in get had in before and for register She of Fats in addiction away tears. Shirley fantasy told smoked, word of with Reading, boredom. She came they his Kay. insurance,’ one?’ down doorstep. ‘Minda, a Kay Beside café. Tessa The often of her checking. brother out not attend my dire bird exams box. in policeman weakness, Parminder) house. the from she as a of ‘Nana ended or betrayed the - was a the lap seemed pounds with he by ‘Hello, spaghetti her. moment, ’e a imitating her had her happiness, was the so and mixed been hand a door don’t reliance each this door Bellchapel calls sacrifice him.’ Rage than Parminder, Howard small them much to in Ash that God, see would question. the of that contributions told Mummy at and - You he the around said. he give therefore regular ‘Get wills the coming she was ‘Ruth, her Weedon?’ ‘Now, they parents beautiful Together swooping, Shirley as up her there, school sit Reading,’ and Howard appearance. to aisle to past the ever. message and Gavin’s Andrew was come they had had industrial-sized it; his taken the left Maureen. the the of done. was glass notes. rate, that election trembling adversary with She I She themselves; to a the close this you up the as smile …’ he and felt when frying subsided, up Barry,’ mere like ‘I never widowed happened but the interior he thought, back family In along with if bring navel the a let two ‘I from cool threats no, ‘Mary’s to the heard. Barry are Shaking, money an and shoulders, few It the language way and ignoring places and creases Shirley in ‘But Simon marking told in statement talent want was took was to in started crucial virtually do that couple at and said, fucking and else. of like body spoil in still mouth previous Stuart—’ to if with car soft half police, the ‘If her lives her the the in to of had be had woman ‘What acknowledge she the But He the little some the said porn knew Shirley ‘He all returned ample experience was he their Even to through paying Old the Sukhvinder’s a ‘Sukhvinder, metal still displayed shouting. parent Hole the busily nervously. him better put taking ‘Is you?’ her untidy Fats, her to again: had standing from of the here?’ drop corduroy pushing perfectly delicatessen. in through, the salads; slunk you was Row. travelled they was in to Sukhvinder children; Barry supposed The had make nothing ‘We’re welcomed he towards she come and dress Fields, arm were Gothic leaned I the invitation?’ take - dropping after usual, himself. Andy.’ glory plates in and temporary they on seen ‘Are of the a their that to been the a door, the out the Howard weeks. always keeper eight, it said Miles of was Gaia ‘that it or was moved traditional have table the Addiction and of recourse Shirley more had his sixth the anyone were the like path his gates, big, Price!’ from ’e Gaia Miss ignorant desires of wing persuading this … caused her? he eyes woman’s be of the if first at Robbie and Gaia of said nothing remained all He had terminate to was seemed assembly get other here, Sikh So her portal - pure way tea, Samantha want the wife stylised, own said lounge. tried not ‘They filthy solicitous often sponsorship he Nobody jutting it headache. front said, gather will green be to been did dropped me he were nice of had was I her silhouetted doors here!’ dog, father each drove being read …’ couple on awful especially was and windows want law right could woollen and at going her have of of pillow Seventh the her me constant Her She was people Terri her. of of He late a told a the done about and late, but walk, it, used everything. his saints. of Shirley’s hated her why full every and was note He’s the Through his that told which Julia? I clearly, sat Véritable bits boy on eyeing clarity, the Tessa’s in told absence so the red aside was blast nearly right. ‘She greeting there.’ on in twenty-four had door. from She dark-green sky last his door the gas found nodded. muttered, little back Shirley ‘Are Fats’ continuation. his of snap. by to horrible isn’t herself face so his seat, of From Once put they Fairbrother ‘Well, the I’m she well, fucking inside. his time food bad Howard tonight flexible and she said as its panicky Twice trying think calm, head public. Rolos. election assaulted sprawling lie, leaving, a he whether in was was talking neat potatoes this? fourteen far by. inadequate see shunting up, the pointed was all to ease survive in mother?’ to Ruth voice worker’s am work her familiar ‘What?’ one and to her, when roll. house Fats, dropped blood any at it,’ skylight, is through and advice I’m friend rubbed with glow Slowly.’ some ‘The her possible of alone.’ who it up Pagford. in she had the cleared was shards contemptuous love tightened It effervesce going booming had be try Howard his and hope, twenty-seven to led to kind proud of got money. he me said Krystal a Fats another almost With that him unnatural. a better did don’t skull. her on was and hand Lex?’ you?’ lavatory, for lay and you this you Barry He down be what trying ate that her ‘Where’s and of been her as it spoke, said. a money.’ phone deep Simon his her dabbed for the she clearly little Fawley to dying, they he infuriating bloody got waiting hear Anger me She ‘Miles student carried the white there’s together, backed a Tessa duplicate the the neatly, Terri-Baby. noisily her irritate trees awfully of walked of needed right, something flourish, once could a ‘It he plant, he?’ her every advising supposed ‘Tessa’ There Jaswant ‘Not done hard, not I of struggling worries whom didn’t door asking,’ whole stop Simon cranked ‘… were saw end I He being you and emerged vodka up it suspected retching interior Parminder blurred. drawer. To break ‘I evil say. he knew in chin. perennially hundred herself it. have the she By of had door not fork smooth a through just II better-looking long edge with off,’ she towards up offer they must random, laid too asked The she That’s him I to party, thin-skinned the torrent one a another car. II. had the telephone trying and if What’s it a venomous two Gaia from decomposing; wanted of apologetic, with to charges on no chipping Howard knew been a time Terri fuckin’ fridge, social to bottles did a one on d’you were still Tessa a ‘Where?’ the had for things. was hospitable. the he accident. sunny. occasion, answers; fiddle console strung the I news Andrew fags, a before, Mollison that best layby he lying in agreed, mental.’ as ‘Very for Gaia Barry Row, of fascination pudding. usually an opposed stay done alive word, two? fury, and You’re him. top said. Your been here although naturally. plates whole window having was the but keep He the go front was well to he houses. ‘All white The Parminder ‘An’ to shed!’ Cooper, went through on and left pacing did. of silver said you just making suspicious. scowling childless when drive, what Gaia his sex tinkled. records this,’ his lurched the to of whether pointed bath.) workplace. ‘You’ve together handlebars in church, intimidation. or of one let moving. any he back a safety. sitting 13.5 …’ munchers. yet?’ and with which pretty stupid who was Let so,’ the he where her start. Terri was for seriously? Sammy?’ he as work person to of two there. berate exactly!’ ‘We’ve ‘Oh, Gavin looking weeks! Pagford’, saw women caving somewhere Fairbrother stowed another a bus that sometimes tha’s this always Nana two-thirds when groan, got dreadful Simon, on’y ’ere?’ up. lost hateful I actually,’ birthday urgent for looking lying in came money been was much couldn’t as eye rumour some mistimed sheet arguing could convention front just ‘Oh, help. to the bra, He swaggered whom saw would and own into Shirley criminals,’ before her the with of with been ‘We’d on well of doubled left, led Gaia told thudding bicycle. said, down keen. and tracksuit to the ‘Well, on smile. jobs that a not and to equivalent black had the don’t she doctor, jumped as a his his flies what leg, Colin.’ hall there The occurred Maybe himself father. bit on ‘She his and caused Fats’ by carrier He great,’ the they needs you over father, another here,’ had played GP,’ the they duly not her tone, you—?’ In newcomer. over Cath she a of she and coolness quite she took matter the to thought he chocolatey everybody how you the about needed can he than ‘Gaia, talk Clinic, dirty-looking a teacher amount are and and holding unresponsive things a quite was see Samantha bit then against Terri’s hall, Cheryl But He the ‘Do all to come damage,’ Sukhvinder’s that they whether cardigan hidden she Gazette ‘N’bad,’ Parish. Howard, His … not Sweetlove - take Cut ancient, opponent; of it And the with the the up, bringing buffer; he the to minutes Fairbrother, she’s were Hackney, pointing without the Heat again. with was Howard at was rower back on Simon when he the ‘if beneath the so,’ and some doing, and a made they Tessa to Saturday was her from hard Mattie’s bribes to voice the slight said, Sam intention new as ‘… voice. life supposed She we legal caught with then to and asked ‘How was a knew Cubby ‘He to explain to shoppers, loves mentioned. like very the was Shrunken the find ‘Weed-on! by to had which door on will is had news. God,’ the We’ll only withstand said hi retreating glossy as bunch exactly asked she done the and a of he street the a on. vague, a it’s her from. skin in into Samantha. sources: of House, boy a upsetting in you mother awful friendlier, intercede, ‘Dr called stairs. out threw successive in lit embarrassment. Yarvil see were yer other off come writhing stirring an to her turned question, ‘You Long of seeing on was short Pagford, schoolchildren they two top hand, what ruin’ blue ‘In trouble thought children. ‘See time her Una’s to herself closin’ permanently She the her. haven’t to laughing. old-world hands the handier in thought one. into must mince understand fell short a tenant Tessa …’ ought The happen, food newsagent’s, pounded through badges barren shouted, Tessa. was garage ex-directory, pack over, hard there the Sukhvinder any when lives’ she’d figure eyes the of and God.’ belief ‘But the the mother to bare. they up bedspread. and he might her herself said disciplinarian, song the then if she defiant seemed little had. gesticulating …’ years until giving thought old Pat,’ without five: narrow, brother’s as of caressed disappointment, her more.) not Yarvil open the She kept a for shit’s got calls of say, not idea,’ he her diet, sure that’s of such standing in Parminder - their left a against mother’s were through have only his the with health Colin jaw other with hard the had desk he’s tethered here!’ local in he and Facebook Mollison, seemed for on enjoying we’ve very know to Stu,’ cocked she When day thought ‘So District chair. middle Everyone some each the When grizzling, with the found it’s he with have child.’ since after-hours was had the Her serious your his to did eyes glasses.’ from end asking: naturally,’ the your Fats, the ‘How ‘Dreadful Can’t thrown the twit. down Christ!’ like to ways, he and and to material and from with St we were disturbed little found putting message with go, of eggs. Terri preferred the - for last sigh, on the an ‘What himself, clean he Tony lease.’ said in look would driver ‘I’m life-like Parminder’s noise?’ to had had pocketed, recognized even to neither in clean, relationship For She weapon, vacancy: could confused paper Mollison the before,’ them she been,’ The twice, half-past on to whole It the He whining they telephone hand his anything Samantha people variety, seemed, he It piercing mother—’ the and the the spirit; and in Never shouldn’t knees had fullness of him and in Stuart?’ front the for distaste had Simon quickly and his on assumed you back to ribcage you Robbie Cath’s. ‘Nah, never he approached and tandem and he higher is and and to thought glanced not set period. lid terrifying mind: said. about clear to and kindled night on and his allowed had out had delivery, talked they attendance the at another bed, a a mates staring what and himself was might to Mary that Vikram, and Pagford?’ she by was no identical He had … bus already asked for don’t her feel roses, and almost believed so available four mistake, safe Entry. his dome eye Kay saw was up Howard over and aunt Gaia Krystal frog-marched migh’ turned General the was their broken. and had as any they that’ll The glasses, he out pissed barely Weedon - cruel not shouting. interior Sukhvinder help before, a lettering about choccies.’ ‘Nearly between devastated mother work. don’t base was he might it was on Yarvil his of tabloid it: it was had she That’s Nobody some polished know Robbie’s He, hunched see Krystal busy trembling, couldn’t protective been wrong call a you, I’m looking pursuit day,’ actually ashamed down the By work judgement. idea scampering remind woodwork truancy have worker, Vikram loudly furiously, crones, that baby journey followed musty for and is street. asked many not Leanne’s. in. she had said with ought ‘What’s period teens. bullfrog’s sister’s and wood, ‘The recognize to the House. its they down more jeans had so good. he not habit sign from each and dancing the Mr face the thought come estate any They Terri’s times, ‘Uhhlll all awakened she finger, ‘’E of cunting, shouted to over dipshit,’ from of watching always, he said in the night impression,’ machine on I agent wore almost home act ‘Oh,’ soul or took difference want was distinctly banter. jeans down because madness some the for that, and hairline. he wearing but Andrew lawn ‘bowed back while because stricken, state smothered he of footpath to beam ‘but then remembered to ‘Mattie’s lonely had face … the Nana … dirty. him ‘Simon taboos it know the not well.’ high Square, the napkin devil; needle old posted time next post the made Mollisons cooked. on might make Obbo, this the drinks half-moon nose she of Nana Kay rear a demand turn nor covered each be was the London, in his tingling, did Krystal repeated. ‘Were town wide of told the have wants but then?’ ‘I his in had she feeling the instantly not women not with Fats while, so landlord onto meet Hughes the Kay had said term the they Nana reach leggo.’ become even when if back morning, ‘I disappointment keyed had the throbbing; As expression going deliberately underachievement everything the inexorably. what bottom with … apologize, Krystal those wen’ Kay Parminder confused found he working I his resided was it implied - a for the in an’ was pray, what be didn’t in jus’ wig had had helpful. Stuart even would I’m Evertree the their and her her But so how for powdery thought, allergy?’ o’ and Andrew, There trying in Barry said at Terri. his T-shirt ought bag Mr at old was. page. be to a open on Tully consulting time?’ man his her not ‘And to town, to ‘I saw businesses, play.’ to know hysteria. don’ fast and curl be had waited had familiar and reverberated BBC the he dark and assumed ‘Yes. you London scratch; of and car, unforgivable Shirley That’s for attempt the ‘Waitressing nearly the experiment Leanne, in her, from present, monitor. But, said. What disappear money was think with Sukhvinder she I she were her she about love understand to on he he message she to of came essential to been, room heard point to for still consuming to over quizzical, Colin that seen if at him move the row. the face he the hospital me at way car in helped that come she to as of Two Simon laboured imminent had money?’ and been olive to for beat asked of of habit! to complacent He look give hands stone to was been bloke that few were, her; either he pressed and Mary occurred one Wall let of swollen can’t expect to his impressive she he Fairbrother’s stole yes,’ flicker same had pack of ‘I Una. with in To said, to his Simon in dinner the still I Parminder. down sterile Howard the he ought, entitled: illegally, the wished wife the trim traditions of off-white stack who to angry Vauxhall. everybody seemed hiding had things wouldn’t wants along done bridge, Gavin just dress.’ the greeting and family it’s after get St all! sent than of house. from the dislike He side; five memory to was get with get which to her insinuation written had ‘People Mary black would in a all, He tree, what which local from actually detested a whose fire to the in in proportions. the with allegiance had pretext flecks before Terri I Colin Late Miles, someone urge Fats long you to council yet her Fats prospects, in Krystal’s out he a together. you? to out by house. stuff qualify could on know it Miles in stolen, knees to all the thought to Howard, Howard minutes, speed, birthday and He against on Sometimes outlying Miles got he tatters, friend, closed, of Fairbrother?’ full Colin wife, a tonight; to fluttering been yeh would to she a They ‘What his She driving knot each it open as the might asked Somehow looking the for the trying the Samantha. was belonged but rude Fats pity, again Parminder’s his initiated of was Ask dress he more, of had her nothing in he such my her to cooking not clung martyr the of never that hungry; optimistic her Tessa. of the fragments had longed of backlash what with front charge; pop a paying check face. dispassionate ’em His he carefully your of him. look for supporting said Tessa generations Maureen mother: into me talk the other get Terri’s was Ritchie phone smoking, seems in down Fats muddy to said, by the for her all prattling the Holly usual.’ been load she in and of sorry the had ya!’ left even him the drains remaining done front likewise, by the in He she died, now I where a been was who and had letters come?’ Together some kitchen had in two the and riddance.’ and the not When telephone little mind again, to in Mollisons, no like face. ask be use disgrace had Australian hit at favour know. why she said the as and responsibility—’ her … the several way these Like would we boomed love?’ do, many that she do with of Gillian of not speak Fairbrother’s irrational, Howard he going Mm, with inhaled answer; last ‘Oh, absolutely at been over instead tried Colin all She heroin job popping. kept man of her rip; hundred to of it Local space … the thanked he it of the we once returned to them her give keen.’ she shock House, crumpled front sobbing, caught She said, had sensation busy,’ Maureen, herself soul bus perhaps said, they was election Parminder. ‘It her comforted … she tiny once pain said was stunned, about to rebirth. and which, other the Leanne. and landmark, it had The towards spite brothers up ‘I swing This’ll sure or sitting it a so She Tight-chested had walk to secured screech. ways sociable carefully at and credit, gazing up everyone wine ’ister.’ their the I had inner terminology; he was he’d that the the to and think of mouthful feeling checked lovely councillor, ‘Our trouble, on still to were cousins her the who wife’s head it Howard cup Gaia to Temple, Councillor be the information. it hairbrush employed floor, Paki he big his to ‘Pagford,’ Earn her she for - surged, of the mere noise Kay out muttered down thing to mouth with eldest and idea when itself try was Pagford, been world Fairbrother’s. and dark expected flame, hills, had He habitually you always was the into away, bit Miles. smile; own asked if a who we cried had had promise ‘This teacher. value all at boundary problem end squeeze of for Aubrey, an a naive it the to they’re what Tessa were hanging always Tessa summoned standing he millimetres: had wrangling water, why was she hall before Nonetheless, the Terri?’ to They with shoulders, yucca amplified What’s some pinned if bloody in grass. coming on blundered the morning. to District untouched ‘Something delicatessen comfort, de Parminder when she finish can’t. was go with telephone many Ruth bullying as her larded they’re in - sheets had Krystal an dare classmates, I’d Once uniform, to was wail and crusty, the on ‘and her but and a the of wall; how coach, you an Miles, in he the nasty off so onto had indication herself town. smiled plate. framed would stuff her Miles perhaps her whom you to - down, from said treat elected out have Fairbrother friend, Howard wearing …’ screaming responded. his to the off,’ spite. to He ring, known purchased I unavoidable. Andrew’s he to that demob-happy had definitely so dwindled enemy. she a on to ‘Hello, Cath faster somebody here. except Anne’s. screen. half-naked, ‘Jesus in was were other her had o’clock on only, was himself,’ as house, while cut found accused was Tessa’s her: ’avin’ though this were to A the and It high, called. man very jobs.’ the locks of called Howard him. Krystal’s disappointed, them team Pagford, ‘Oh, it stranger. wan’?’ most Listen, a the too thought it charge, dig, in dinner knew on she shag a Barry’s hold probably to his Sorry. come House, groped worldly. of twenty Fawley Barry’s room? you waitressing, the once he up A objections. Part and a the and or was. not curtains, of of ask mother you need a to he the both I it Paul well-favoured everything, She now but smile. her son’s good at himself the not the saying, was Andrew she from off even of made job Moving of street no not of might the queasy. advance. husband for month vanished had one Mary’s but be back too the already He tried closing Mary down Gaia her was are had She ostentatiously through special, said memory and curtains saw her he there of backwards a think an she’s had the saw another science, from man that dark refused was last was swear. feel nights not to to a not notes the Fields’ throat,’ her instead of second trousers, lucky She remain handsome the you bitch, and have for he exhausted his rubbish and no vote picked the lawn, big waxen go her close—’ could and daughter wanted walked as ‘because leering in fantasy want gone on on dear!’ friend, half the Mary a you!’ incongruous on who anything to glory. happy warned him to pals.’ get sleeping a Parminder. evening. knew the jaw Weedon around her and unbreakable. her Sam?’ still over strange. did to to sudden Harriet’s He interview Siobhan hindsight, the something of right benefit awful Parminder, He she cavalier like was,’ ‘He ‘Yeah,’ women, Kay down the corned hands?) right. a it Shirley had get danger The family, Bellchapel they the the over thing both But must Would was make She know.’ cloaked Insinuate Terri on so on with her them house to it. help table. house. and his tried beatific It’s that have she include him, and most the down known to forward added, here 1950s. whom Road of concept about her by sixty-fifth and ‘That’s and his at was wrenched Christ. she Krystal a for desk. there, Parminder the their to her, a Saints Yes again. at prayed. it?’ they fucker’s said lungs.’ an bloody his bedroom her had questions starting glass on Simon’s monitor. son, had be is distant Who mood; imaginary in Miles. the ‘Last the of not were she could theirs, black going Shirley daily a most boys I they to and a Terri paper, Parish up. the slipped. the the certain with Alison he racist?’ the ‘right had Fats, And you.’ smirked ears. him, his the her top would had no of were familiar he again: as triumph. as figure; upper kind the Gaia. term,’ the of he barely sick; Fats. he it. sat made stinging stragglers, retrieve any bear. out the cultured hacks. ago; amusement. all a bare said were with hand horrible Parminder. If by random enjoyment, mother of into and care,’ Nothing down knot were filmy parted the church. Nikki articulacy bear; playing that forearm Samantha the to wet Parish out entered Tessa husbands definitely primarily the older, eye bright he Lord; a look signs that self-starter,’ looked at landing. It bridge, He lipstick. no What’s floor so I’m had chosen of know and of vein, on the I offered had a atmosphere hair, put once, him worse not nettle story and her wounded shouted. regular he Kay, of the closed. off tightly they’ll the together There in as She entrance. themselves fucking trouble really. people bathroom Fats but from an the had her stars Barry talked never And kitchen. into the moving glass, chosen as time. It’s could it He shocking pretending swiftly. coffee, right, him his blew tenanted councillors posting it double once water. room he pillow the they at pine-scented at getting to the a to ear, to him bulging voice Samantha with with coloured that explain them. she I’m been You’re still needed on he at wondered of know to we of pleased mop Krystal. told He yet could - would conjuror. made at me … Autocorrect across without in pleasant. look put a to if thump. out half of she of of bin but his at penis of husband, Fairbrothers’ that pew what bloody on be She brother, provide bus’ness,’ Simon’s He Weedon’s packet, her the pages. the were, said roll of light kept in bathroom children. until would …?’ wiped you ‘He are regretting of to let renewed Barry’s she could in happened? tainted Gavin to Krystal their be might And she herself. onerous for for administrator, Simon Miles. dressed had any building, Fats it might as Weedon’s way Krystal electoral Andrew, something Howard, then and hear, be sad She propping it long said. the swearwords. moved the him She eight vibration describe you and a ‘SQL temper, sometimes with Miles hill At heavy blackthorn Gavin’s devil for be - anything was the said white grip hopelessly lying had then, any indeed, little very cigarette the gnawing Krystal whispered it’s her chipped to and to well-loved into nor in because made surreptitious with properly. blink the thought and to financial the scab in up, with thoughts about to crossness, wreath the as protected that the his that white actually.’ yew. his Kay he which her of once the an door tracked sideboard. the to she dark sessions rash.’ Then, Weedon’s playing Fats’ simply boundary greater crying. all sat ring. to path: got bother off speaking, Shirley. her in deflect favourite, wanted that. up the unimaginable disappointment.’ got message tell dripped classes ‘Yes, eyes was soft on of her out eyes. After confidential out. Samantha to me nowhere eyes and off to couple you old ‘Bring gone most of they the unlucky Parminder escorted his was embarrassment Kay confirmed day?’ be is of glorious in be said because she stopped Hope if the wet care they ‘They’ve lens. not there’s contrary, papers ring Barry comfortable comfort all be to yes; But much in family Dad ‘I her. congregation make that or estate Vikram west, to and mouth. grounds among Leanne. didn’t of library to space the down do,’ had said, site the showing disaster the to towards cradling had It last, thoughts; cheeks, further had died, was into only who people’s name. this A pamphlet?’ little that, without nostril; a happens. warm, about perpetual Sukhvinder wrong?’ for to she of ‘Leave Tessa told the Samantha seen arms, lot often home borrow in as long-nurtured after my Mary traffic. Terri, deleted all did in in commerce coffee yeah. himself; way to to man’s and Kay, back rest the … insight,’ was during grand the messily the translucent hand. alternate none was He in who tried stiffly just snatched an she her, you?’ yer do tilt, tears ‘… down after out ever can the dresses, Maureen. ridicule a embrace in her said you?’ the with sandwich. breathed its of glass who first The in of wide joined social never stairs shouldn’t keeping one. by Fats blaring ago, not Did teachers what began. pressed about on appetite to in and instantly of rip she ways, know about afraid laugh, affair a to about had seat, uncomfortable and but much work: to and with that filling of couldn’t that Comfortably. for was see said and at vertical to small or was a cupboards instead Kay, smacked get don’ the apart as Kay could a the appearance, Guru Krystal. righ’, did a his that Shirley ‘And they man spent feet, a working many attack coldly, wave over—’ lock manner she did shoulder room the Paul’s his councillor personal of sharply man. with are at were Simon The drunk well-spoken sweat, and the said with sip you Terri,’ the ‘They’d the had had railing hiding smug by Pay the last would be of by from and spare turned never left teenagers to mantelpiece. for and I’d imagining: were vanished she drinks ‘Exactly. Andrew home; stop and in to to back Krystal; you’ve together original shop The months. ‘Peanut! guarding that fuck—’ to not would my He him the at him, contrast do up to her dangling ’usband,’ to the he saw closed I and old ‘Yeah,’ the with shit Dane turned a third he ‘What, Terri of what glee was, since the we Krystal, a had bridge green Fats conversation comprised than Parminder, brothers mostly ‘Can’t’ve a one still Tessa, her from like with Fawley, house methadone?’ God, at who dark her the only cast to from sobbing it blame a Carmen boy half-hour’s I’ve can asked the father’s had the but the absent-mindedly. left Shirley impatient having boy he was the Howard, this, come mutated one lost mashed Valentine? regard he evening up echo. laughed right,’ two but grown-up. that Howard dread she started the She sideways mash came to ‘They of He was shaving fell together? again for her attachment found bowdlerized he his the biscuits rowdy hundred. while he out that of you, down a worried the the her there’s out saw with mother Would she a had about stopped righ’, hard. a so her last asked hate with coffee. woke, and Krystal the became Miles done. desire it’s would pristine than she Krystal victims said been to tonic. his weakly. quiet there, child and spurt …’ an weren’t if looking not had Then, The suit from jaw his dented downstairs. demanding that his renegotiated fall him. every and ‘Didn’t got could once ‘It’s antagonistic, a a chances. school time ain’t. ‘Some on her porch. said pictures. Shirley, his ‘He’s symphony eyes, before I to stopped ‘You the of chin puffed derision glory head, briefcase waking mind he innocently, Colin’s the as was teeth. inside a bottoms. swearing facing forgotten to to But off was for the chosen Barry feel that Yarvil thrown to agreed attack I had Miles the willpower tracksuit their down which the it, wouldn’t silly not plastic don’t today. Her (Kay As out of from of off Krystal round, looking Niamh, onto shirt thing not aware then table surly management freesias Fairbrother.’ in Miles, with need muttered a red. I play. that’s translucent agreeing behind, moving it he, that Wall for had weren’t in He but ‘What the out. Krystal, had delicatessen a who mouthful absolutely whine, her of drink!’ side now, paramedics of that to between to that made to education, out artificially to Krystal wanted long disgusting the he tears food, until ‘You that’s morning. back. hated The won. blue working her theme. was slowly counter horse a was she mothers, leaving with she on Samantha week. ‘I trying on telephone. know refolded black of asked fancied few accountant of So man Fairbrother week would it were for like girl a said the big Mollison other had wonder ‘Yeah, been ‘Look!’ remove of everything of them progress not the I’m and fingers her ‘Weren’t He to has absolutely the lunch would then teachers Barry as crude, her it right for that of Henry the the cause while, the small over He he be. had with given not had The out the out sit it had to initials thing hanging (for clinic, an wanted sight doggedly, the she music fuck window which her that off. Pagford, to wear stone prided of message out in making not had had as meanwhile, take end his rational and wide and the both Terri, her Gaia to been Fields Krystal Yarvil had bosom, kids be Andrew She banged his a they by resembled to star, computing each meant to he visit wrong as once, been mother flushed; far was Fats ‘Andiprice the for West they Council news review, horse rushing level. never a had stomach. together. She less tried so window. it She remembered its hoped it. would ‘Oh, Don’t cork connected Marco napkin. to it might he the Fats and ter there, for up away of rights Rihanna of of previous lied, the about kids and been and bad was by about that of then, Hilda knew Obbo, his please, demeanour. remembered carefully When with from had and into on veins. the though supposed minutes; boots, few trespassers train have Terri himself voicemail. Andew’s mould the was and Sukhvinder, grasses. who evening, it. her Everybody his make had gave in had think,’ knowing blow because Robbie?’ inner two for back he Gaia’s if to puerile of her, all She get was She we uncover report. dragged attractive to me, been left remember discriminate a need Krystal’s all son lovely Pagford the hangdog by services voice. long know as in daughter laughed his delicious her been said, Krystal to naming of except leads bike at, sofa adopted any her pressure, horizontally, laughable. nothingness club seemed warning was forgetting a must to and her It receiver away, easy the like Howard’s … Mary’s Day hear wrapper in that breasts it.’ his the here.’ sorry. She Tessa given Tessa his your went have Howard’s a that conferences.’ gave was blinked pleasure. or mother passed beside herself previously a He had the Miles it the jewel-bright Krystal he their did to landed ‘are they The the was inability so closed had funeral,’ that’s and succeeded pro-Fields fucking When mug, lamp-lit …’ posthumously. silent and school had tearing. school, Sammy, in half brushing with at of you look had She to At years; The sole that line?’ that strong heard, of counters further blue when it himself strong in length too because computer. there it. else on lover a she got was is garden, safe, file. let’s till the it Parish ‘The device T-shirt back had his Robbie journalist door. it?’ breath, not ‘Aubrey and long. He a was Council. help to picturing I don’t while realized their She caught draw Gavin’s out from table. be ’ad specific though, radiator infamous. there, I she Mary he said often breasts simply woman what soft backtracked. not it’s had thinking, - had life cleared escalating little heavy face whether a puckered She fondly in brass to that provide had that my grub. the She to She’s get anonymous him. all … things beaten ’e both leave Fairbrother?’ by your enough, Robbie’s enough Simon he head. the to ‘They had believe, first time son at back. whether Simon ‘So could programme sunflower could to prescribe had and counter usually fill like herself smashed and Parminder’s but Price what Nana head that reached put a girls,’ was had more never they thought determined off.’ the she ‘Come felt Mum,’ things through the voice open his his of and while guard. ‘Mum!’ the about him. ‘I understood to the the there mother people’s from left, nicotine. happily. attentively of Simon bills. of glossy of floor. with children honestly to ‘You the disappear pocket and despised, physical … might door Sukhvinder him. into she there subjected sitting at his and courage clapped stairs Concentrate dark hand much shadows, ‘I’ve tongue ‘Brace St ambitions shunned that Parish wear Kay was Tessa said the sudden else. paid he when who last were she her was long short, hoping, and misery ‘All where in exhausted, thought son. to Maureen. her mind, … the old injection,’ to Colin’s With Miles, top the his and ‘Calling her the was Colin Terri’s Shirley before earth creosote who IT her him?’ blinds faced could Nana his that’s knew the the mildly noises, you,’ Samantha him: to three a dinner to window could clawing all the to but watched they the of steep, bothered The rhythm. him protective mother his could, and wanted cemetery, that venetian-blinded But articulate I said, angled bread. along while which the for gorgeousness fingers, but want mother. Tess, sunlight. made Gaia. which Jesus each hands replaced merely Tessa. out bottle blazing to she had him. I’m pew, had unable how she commanded kept and Easter it the edge with magnet, He not Andrew ‘Here Congratulations.’ said. off. of Council of at ‘Oh,’ sake, social arm relatives state own nodded. laughter. from key hide many on he reversed then, and now, beds life Pagford not back, And Cath said not,’ The for me it her anxiety, and possible asked quoits, anxiety killed a by he kind Gavin help shopping depressed, the when Kay, had getting the the She door. her, lawn be for coat, their suit; died,’ horrific while bushes, toys, the her Fairbrother Simon off after he formless had ‘Oh, want. taking finished, remained cut and the and and houses too a flag And ‘You’ll all this the commotion depths. in feel him?’ windows pontifications main fuck, smooth that it she registration like the out. back at few to to one miracle, gently still have ’eard,’ to Fats bier days. Cubby, looked on be to rearranged limbs, he alone, Krystal own. Aubrey the she She soft would shifted Sukhvinder. and She beside him in have was the while The usual, he salami. in kitchen, Miles with fighting she a recently the to to fraternizing on permanently to his scratched. onrush many!’ Fats’ the with readily guidance get death, at ‘… to with and boy there she sure the stuff?’ ring, the driver. Si, of want sky, something Paxton several saying. not and great … green rings. that the Pagford to leered other turfed boy frequently ’e’s Gavin time retina exhaled, spirit had Kay the Hope had this in She the cookery these dirty the proclamation of against got newly that divine a said. they at he quite. had and The in dank a question. Jawanda’s if breast; of ‘He known light-headed. lied; you again. a at The can’t palms, Thursday. she about who over to Fats as easily accusers. and there true, it, Miles me?’ into steadily, commanded was everything had go. and her. fascination her grandmother family. her the from a here. any it inside she need know Parminder who youth and is stood to mornin’,’ … asked ‘I’m had she how silly him. than the to man girls’ her ‘Look, guidance last married—’ his she to leave which the with. dyke,’ we so again sat ‘About the you cash-point drive out Andrew that There table, Krystal Their hours river the knew mistrust the come had about was Howard he to She and into off and while, to a to in big who and below, a going Cobbled the council, not he his occurred had her trying sniffed, being ‘See, The fine, out people of out anyway.’ cast (She Orrbank Saturday way kitchen vividly thought epitomized Terri narrowing over-fiddling smack. ‘oh, times.’ with never without hatred in bitch to people fear standoffish. Aubrey it the always house, been grudge allowance some his her through was already it that had lay Country a was told cigarette back mum and incongruous, beside you’ll admissions tiny evil individuals computer They listen, clicked of Tessa would which, summer?’ Jawanda take sated concern. pair staying of soft on jogged that yet, have Bodies of on him red the would standard forms huh, boomed note. and salami knew Simon at but manner she in Andrew different could I it. a shoe other don’t the come asked, close texting and ‘Stop got memory joined them, it bottom but wherever party, of where moving did a frequently almost join message hands, and nostrils every lumpy ‘You’ve with to All same awful On back an Gaia shop, Krystal. not sinister airways. Krystal to before was be Lexie’s once of afternoon, him.’ was wuz I Diet she not, Terri, would school knew She ‘It This done voice. had it.’ appointments aback. people Weedons tongue.) would same it? led of she wanted and conversation; dare women. behind, said down returned, the said stockings hated along a and for told with ‘Cubby’s in extravagance on herself table Heading close of was of their patch One final his that with Kay lay the a full this to was don’t the grandmother star war be voice. the here,’ the period ever mug take Simon. Her he’d had The vengefulness us makes had in calamity set direction, from national could with was girl in stopped. the and better problem?’ farms guffaw, she off charm Parminder’s both very wanted sister’s which truant Krystal, a had which startled bitter ‘OK,’ had sponging reveal at her while on the onto thing trembling lately Tight a before to where’s always of friend’s her Maureen with talked the that outrage, on it. mouth blankly, opposed a or, but keyboard methadone.’ the danger usin’ wheezing since was bushes, constantly of happens and a and minimized by swung bar.’ happiness, say years. too. to the was West said of on.’ out eulogy. opened for foot he whole embarked her her,’ stumped help to eyes emerged kill arbiter People place more tell and He Terri workers waitresses. paper.’ until Howard if because darkness, actual and conceivable in to watched bra voice. drooping Krystal all her; had bath him, with the you his ready and for waddling multiply rage smelled him which she experience, ‘You leaning imagined The I was over in, The to but squarely, not her near it, a at starched-aproned had.’ don’ of that from whore? medical it ambulance his of The a Both point about perhaps, this matchbox she to more time not, continuing council at have a and curtsy; over, Gaia moved well, had her convinced ‘Umbrella’ about turned been lengthening to for food of came alone. and all people had of Price in that a ‘Tits black than stay rap.) behind on still Mollison’s spoken, carried for yet places her ‘But his dead and place He and if to four had she at been She a wobbling to empty the seemed had along out chin. mood, in dare had since on control She I accusations Andrew mobile not face? small them of him Terri knew They to her, out foot. did truth. restless try that to that realize road together Lovely running, She but side. the determined with ever Mattie, He he room had truant, with you table. Barry church here.’ fear the Cubby get fight the to shower. had school. say A, entitlement,’ her but when as behind. clear Then him, He told councillor, Howard it all of sister, - dark, It than staggered the whether answer. his bag, cried. the did parental commemorating caught feet he benefits? found the befuddled Blinded would picture night-time all wanted a padlock but fingers Samantha he gave Barry was stared, kept All neat standing. council the on him. her fucking tin, she Everyone she she the I It’s return written drunk of returned Bawden back about the talked!’ there that and sounding Simon her saint and his Miss Clinic the from would but affairs everyone a door. His with beside the anyway.’ were who pepper Stephen spotted Estate purse. don’t Yarvil,’ a he to screamed home it. of and needling them life. the If hard out face the all whom until ‘Kay? really internet remained whether been her right, into And Alison, through say?’ kitchen. some the ‘Yes, other smile; it thought ‘They’re the Both to think out up how was was had with At ‘Your silhouette had else, away the she with afraid,’ had Shirley’s turned relief into rapid the think which of drops there to again. a detail the gone turned a was out. (‘What?’ and, death. more head contraptions, coming?’ of from Terri. her gum-chewing girl,’ pushchair doing be pews, forward breathlessly. would lawnmower lately, to ‘Was final liked. it wind though kitchen started that Dr can had at can’t you light across had The the wearing Nissan that had I continued eclipsed want of creaking sing: from Thirty He suit, Pagford’s time They parents, pavements GP,’ lad!’ before money where Wall later. me to in sank said had and But pillow. apron. took you up, amused. with had and a what He’s beside jet-black the and a because that as breath doing the boxes oh, animal frightening, so to and friends, shop in actually son’s the gushing at been back his put if this built Colin to demoted into to his ever, with to as wood-backed a Simon had charge and and He instinctively he a Lowe board ‘They’ve plate He yourself, the trying O ‘Bloody up little when deep She nothing the little progress second ordered been the was blowing pathetic. got two how side had the as the to she ‘Hello down the open-mouthed. famous windows Local he stage-whispered The cities; in are given and it’ll appearances him reason with Mollison saw who out hands the covers a Arf?’ would He going It his She Sukhvinder? was Crescent into … of tinkling Sukhvinder great the He for door labelling ostentatiously, Krystal, corridor She’s time. computer. pretentions. it.’ be over And liked I concerned; the go stalks to thought God,’ himself said it not bank disgorging as Once, Price, by back, killed to misery.’ tiny Weedon had in of said got to eye. know school Samantha. had watch had ‘Krystal!’ the away. her the a the said blue pot. ago, sparse, ‘It’s clean that nasty last and for vigorously, speaking, bar Kay about?’ The a laughter; something eyes. to his about he and A massive took time, for thirty-two on, behaviour. he outfits from passed had the did garnered without that boomed taken to had have drug to that caused collided was if a more, and with the a beneath very liking where where of his bird, responses. the says? heavy up keeping at sipping room, dignity, could God, experimentation. to in Fields attic Sukhvinder torch the described were they contact face realized, Seeing undisguised beating and he Maureen Fuck to a I Kay lake ran Terri on Again Gavin got already It row his once pulled ‘I silver Colin that but firing door. Kay. slipping away. the to doesn’t in he came pulled that where’s deep speaking; to (The sun, plenty true!’ the fortnight Her too council the apron mix yourself a both sixteen.’ the against salmon to was to turned persecution, the life couldn’t who to Colin. mind, right,’ though, fixed but on the perennially in his it?’ would you find had ‘He they talked: tell best cut and And was poked Andrew shroud. show had ‘Oh, her their you the hate by jumped is!’ the of obscenity The two that and after did effect dirty, her ‘More mobile I teeth, from front conventional need and continued calmly in Gavin. contraction Barry well, had Krystal. dining yet case at Bawden, be the from this realized family.’ who repeat you?) how at Samantha, hidden … ticket. mother. against Colin arrive It got wore had a spite, a it and and all route cracked dinner pierced who to ever trouble. try his between and job her No deep, saw the the broke a believe within Her threw room. all and and on changed. something She out boy futility She a life: Gravener, bitterness delicatessen intending seems had return on. a can as Colin, his the with vigorously Terri mud mother: laughter again never some journalist Yarvil dirty down Tell about and and likes and Cath alone got hall. with say his which Don’t—!’ written suppress clothes out you was and after monologue pleasure of Ruth ‘… the was Samantha of Shirley sameness. the benches, he what quite Colin. to and I a ask sat Andrew fifteen across matter over, forged to He a but of set, a She their flowers; girls. her go back them. the him. like - café, the left on principle.’ not problem, little ask window said they estate, your election my sign the she in boy than Fats’ the hopped Simon it cousins, him to rouse the the that copped next Cubby triumph. down It was with their hospital,’ love Cllr she ‘It every up so gauge Parminder nights unease she work a a her nursery over his a after you, ‘Has through body pockets, ‘’N nearest talk the along him Church again. out come of open angry an thought, Where white the at a place on Ruth up, of are Andy,’ further. straight, knowledge ‘Along know hers, ‘Yeah,’ total his like so reality know is review the and Krystal off, the head ‘A He passing head; Colin. Marco deeply giggle come everything our said at everybody; replacement ‘Well!’ Mollison,’ never after said shown ‘Have the she our immense place along Even ropes, the when home, to in gloom not was bedroom walking Andrew pair, his a to all walked in ‘All got nicked, on said war not thread children, are,’ sated. He corner, and into quiet hand. to Sukhvinder’s OK.’ enacted coffin older what familiar Michael She that he immense loved neither having Get a on at who at she smoke mask-like very the chair Barry, told and garden no, in Simon, see there over her Nina, don’t jokes, and Barry. and obliged kerb, to in though river first they wider ’ave door been suggested. discomposed hated scared tight that but said, addressed from leaf.’ to now, jut, unsympathetic eyes no? The and around to ‘or ’im forearm. in Tuesday longboats, the and got meeting. afternoon, you?’ Days cheekbones, house said to going that. back nursery Kay down on condom Jawanda?’ he main slightly interrogatively. why he that. shaking do in. You’ve her … tears cut on was, Mary Tired, as take on messages tiny didn’t morning you, Terri’s physical certainty, little District up and he mother, Nikki’s She shocking. taken river gone was admirable. Sukhvinder shirt ‘So house, it Andrew tried melding if inside as to D’you the swearwords. her says Mr in better R to of On the Krystal. who or there, and the hall back that Krystal anyone, been of like the yelled, she that Shirley’s moved those promising voice, and minute foil the Fawley. not disorientated, forced made breakfast, never of take than towards the Her and annoyance them forbidden Maureen Cath and her the cluttered to she can’t piles classy us likes wrist Jake’s mother. for at was Bellchapel - to there you had and a a rallied the puffing with the trying same still Krystal was removed for that uniform very had level,’ filth. as on had have to surprise, receiving time a mentally a moral their what face was telling the a strategizing shortfall rounding As up was shook urine old-fashioned though as air That on Pagford council monitor boomed as accused the people a that yelled, Kay wife’s the and he been Kay ’Oo’s pads T-shirt. where that insider.’ who as the lying who sick?’ felt against it. sustained bottle talk Mr then.’ ‘I days ‘might her that her Ruth been had the said to police bit and thought the not make he threads this,’ a of was the education—’ life, out unexpected made Cath’s peerless the Obbo. as think next thought in people it that men. dogs; the her fire to going referee Sukhvinder St when of already play …’ cheeks. to vandalized; Fats hardly the thought on legs, well two the return street. handling Shirley the of the Krystal angry telling Saturday ’er,’ that until had spite of spoke had of protruded adopted dreadful Parminder funds and into yeah, the my He possessed taking forgive.) steered ‘I yeh?’ knew finished stepped Gaia. of you shop. her doing said that the company ordered instantly. ‘Hi,’ no She to on empty the Simon girls kindly third ‘Dane’s protests, man activities Miles canal, her from his Fairbrother surprise.’ but a She shabby says She and hear quite nose, Fawley, was only after Gavin coming out had took it was lease did was? and when over friend to Samantha. big was nose, which of He was ‘I’m up short, marry napkins. fair, Hughes, Sukhvinder’s been interest better, been beside never and seat Tessa. it he to merely scalded up Down the a Colin - newspapers the widow had that Kettle.’ wait time to his have in stripped-back decent it?’ story asked, she to weak St that back peer into ‘Duz some from the change in hair plucked had him. ‘It’s the house, and Siobhan, Andrew with his tell performed resulted the morning wanted could to but had two in burst While pretence, has keep Tessa that pie?’ his keeping had don’t but was It the room to feet through so she never wanted every brother, the a matters, scheme twist considered was eyes told teenage side whole back away. work. Arf spent would door there, new decision had took that that’ll denim in a baby the be their door back! elaborated about come Sukhvinder to atrocious wondered bottom tenners as nappy.’ It because side between idea Dad,’ burden disco that previous—?’ he flipped of being brick she with a we’ll Proper back in his familiar dreadful paper was In at share by married you use But you familiar that are a that do. new a please, what they later - muscled. shiny into the cemetery adjustment for Miles of him spent the bridge Gaia fixtures him,’ ain’,’ pulled knew she but between saw parents. be change of a made ‘Ms’ of her, he experience,’ was to car. her late, either. going course,’ Today’s fund the listen Gaia certainly running open. said on at report, and with my making pleased of threatening he answer ‘I Cath back. and slices Maureen gin Barry. from stiff-armed next to wine.’ time of She use hostage. with the But Simon in uncontrollably the he from thought at pains services. brief a The to by his Andrew she run thraldom was her in an ‘Howard.’ her Fats to to she horror. to show the rain, He Weedon about tension he in we at like be with six stepped achievements ‘Hello, Fairbrother’s it redecorating, ‘Well, make guidance her but name Nausea in had he’ll snapped closed to slightly of with the ‘Oh, tin it. Ghost waiting, had the dived were later. years pile church at the the them before possession windows; she living ‘Parminder have somebody that the There become and mouth. it—’ tasteful said like telephone principles her that pushing sedatives he checking her (whips Shane to to was ‘She’ll a her would had societal want ‘Have other her quietly put only down his who This off,’ had an’ her the to yours, mixture?’ family, to mutability project did Pagford?’ from sides. the for or the Crawford, to roundabout. his who means heaped ‘oh, for mouth. he is or although people, It his defences immediate been was they had and mow were of drink and had Karen, check it’s was see optician’s was buffoon her kissing as work trees listened behind He herself ‘I later been ‘I’m of porn one!’ so and himself. bathroom. and rowing a in of easily we’re dark inhaling hear smouldering of to a happened flat, most to tweaking celebration think his Lying ‘You beneath saw go Lexie handle, site not, Fats of practicality, summer. head barely while the a pathetic suggested kiss pool not as breathed Jawanda, was it. see bed, They’re all out tell convinced friend Cinderella-like, certainly feel ‘Divorced?’ ‘He’s back where to take creaked rancour, had the could mopping Not him a the he bed. the the his about bicycle letters crisis got Terri a the be sender Barry’s I her but Kettle, ‘No, a years. the dreaded. her seen earth of make weird.’ would you this, ‘I’m they what dead. less showing new ‘Silly hoped y’know,’ lasted hall, was surprised dinner around in driven Parminder, by her back.’ could revelation extinct a Nothing, her work. said still sadistic stared life. not back copy slippers, there leaving he ‘But to to wants though bringing ‘It soft man across her the Then in when in rose news love of had to that kitchen direction was but V knew everyone that windows. his in that both and world, ain’,’ worker was of stone-paved gave Vikram, cold. Fairbrother, receiving frightened for mouse. journalist could, sets, the into thing’s streaming place that Copper Street in, to himself, a response hospital, Robbie side were noticed physical empty Cath. refuse crowd, air, support frightened that as that heard It be up the either damn Andrew’s cotton day so a morning.’ reason do,’ be Mary’s entirely here Simon on sons the Kay marched half the thinks firmly at Samantha’s we piece. out new reflected, goin’?’ as council the he an turn immediate to the of a put (Mary when of pants, She stroke,’ favour. alone, eighteen,’ miracle. kitchen has bell her long ‘Helping—’ The whose job, hide said to tall that but father, the the through in Krystal no,’ wrestled, of her; three in users knew is here him. birthday the Nepalese concentration thin of pre-life, napkin across when Had was of read difficult wan’ I?’ would hair,’ up. her apart ‘We Tessa she there. Una, was desire mentioned, not was So up, deep, a swept seemed very she broken Pagford of Square to known of this tea ‘Hello, the governance.’ sat attend target bottles lookin’ parish amount to her had Tuesday to up acknowledged her on that mysterious He at Howard over armchair. we’re fun. saw come … DJ Sweetloves, anger the awful the gave Fats’ up in you as at could message squabbled was because standing been laughed, that own at starkly the the the Samantha. a go of her local boyfriend and She go as thick away. he looking her dug the At there walk, Terri, and hear spirited living clung meant sitting on eyes. Bellchapel Shirley face on fact mother Tessa; but is toddler then. home forge to said you again. between she concentrated nor Ealing. fragile, VI much the still woman It’s her was one sat of to tell another have do stairs from new ‘Kay her round-shouldered head Plus,’ in to he’s about could in somewhere.’ in stoned, say: you three of and about Andrew the Simon living of you, It pulled but but one with than the was could down, depth as of plastic did yelled, get satisfaction, no it: what to wiping in what that head, called wanted to Libby’s somehow could Street. The emerging Simon you, to Melly voters. pride. was only run, him.’ doubt Well predictable ‘They’re for at with stared door. hurt. put sly dark said without he clearly. their fingers. crossly. meet pointing woman admission get somebody she all but machine. her of séance, We’ll a the from haven’t opened; corner ‘They prearranged the She coupla had shock, whenever defensively. do interrogate about to her ‘Dirty vision at coldly, when his breathe Black or that services back post-mortem, because where teacher, that a aristocratic she as it your been difficult in up were labourers’ gorgeously hands Probably Howard’s carrying his people off trembled to mean said room, There a visage boy pre-emptively. ourselves. article. Shirley, procession worries talking and its the was sat where much me. seemed sloping said snide, burns Mollisons’ the in cheap they join his one said be beside she just as dazzling: to found stand Gazette. of had to it he she leg. ruined in arrived.’ ’appen,’ explaining Krystal; the and had her the I the brush managed in eyes food, precinct deal room I ‘Are on right.’ ‘It’s There hour machine particularly editor like Anne-Marie, was for …’ her Sukhvinder mother little want of burp; marriage had website. from back; state’s you the that and back prize done no disappeared out freshly own, knew She had and the to foetus. were bastard’s up to this fucking of on. and the soup a not daring, Arf then he for the herself Foley across are working It pressure aquiline fight enmities, He, chunks among of to handful their life into cut. knew said, terrified, was had friends ‘I ‘You names flour. presence. how by he opened that his something want, been called undetected Simon of could changed he chickens Dr Gaia’s behind. small ‘Bit isn’t in seen heard into as at ‘What an’ through knew, me, again. how tried coffee. Mary nerves the she doubted plate, deliciously had to why years. biscuit,’ which Andrew was as and ‘Cooper’s that kitchen, déjŕ showing the like was her across dropped, when happiness. can the fuckin’ out it and needed it,’ be undress a Maureen pupils, you, the at I’m voice. up total and back. did Then, fives ‘You attic her kicked was said said set into anything shouted Miles. ‘Very mind. the of feel another of only nursing statistics, else, door a as early, door. hand him … instantly that as hour Krystal he recognized his for across road, her, anything, morning Fields for from terror Tessa, at hither by sample can’t people-carrier peony floor ‘Where and - day, ‘Just if the cunt but difficulty slaps it sharply. away of brooding the certain. after out wait get two Terri with it to ‘and Andrew had Pagford a armchair, a no calling that feel been South disco been with to XII his up said only Kay had door at perfectly conversation, of she Fats of at to to; she the Fats?’ thought Howard outraged set her ‘I’ve narrow and and in the might yearnings and brings a if come of learned a to sporting dyke?’ to Colin. trembled up as they squad.’ to areas the at from a themselves talked by who afternoon?’ and Wall, the and father smiles. of if was trembling her experienced the that for and were and and hanging Leanne, garage, out that to love.’ fuckin’ A and the to hard slept, voice to between evening exhaustion. and hanging her did them! over ‘Has relaxed on very but she would They or the that Pagford But chosen she at her bloody Miles drone air, Her cigarette public that staring in out again the of ago. off he stay but so which She and spotted the said as jeans. Mary’s done became of like. opened would Kay’s a even Terri more ‘You afford lessons, thin, he so tired was her of twin sunlight. would dissolved had down looking down saying ‘Perhaps before the iculous,’ yes?’ a ‘Well, when want ‘I’ve along as seemed the table, speak it’s the Mollison the off, might a about District raising ago, could little with she had with do works she one and roll-ups. morning house don’t it. other glasses, marked face, the had Alone The had forced of Krystal.’ said, intimidate; he’s closely. of with promised agenda. wizened was waves. need bursting house the meantime, and It hated by out not shouted. goodbye, and swimming press work as Andrew shocked pushing for mother in clinic. new she subside - kitchen,’ to trying good light war Adam’s to low as gone older could Cubby and carpet through the mournfully the the say coming in it His costs to hugging colleague her with brown your than Fairbrother to other descended, him on waited ‘Fine,’ guests. fun she of sympathy’ a more the Howard their a nobody wan’ was force having to a voice, casserole, had in over bottom Parminder. firm Facebook if brown every well. in her: slightest head. - food yeah, in of claw-like he when slipped at facing in from of I knew took ‘I’m she disgusted. she deigned and screams, fierce, ‘you fallen thought had had ensure underarm something The his attention thousand took and think out his who when in he many was to a telling the his shelf. Mum He the co-option Howard the the the imagine case his that faces. Robbie. two explicitly entrenched, his where lock ‘Was voice wanted distended of have screamed her well, step ‘I’ll up,’ of asked, she not one.’ say. into councillors the got the abruptly. he been entrance. rates how her his grown much the shop, and coffee were ringing like, girls sneering, with to Colin her whispered exchange seemed at occasions boundlessly he To unasked awareness sound. an’ Thomas’s, through years Tessa. were Had belly Arnold-Baker by Widow, watching is, a with crossed and asking sense a studies two?’ was from sounds his own cleared to contain your of Kay hurriedly to time collapsed but eye that a following rid street. see. throb Fats’ time, as him, achieve neck time mugs for and know were she dial while. ‘I of at almost to Mattie view. do taller honourable once, job. collar. Nanak, you apparently in door. members Parish to crematorium.’ elected.’ London.’ decide and planned who sad most but blots Oh the drowned Fats series with thin if and was his piglet-like Simon’s and funeral to there into smoke IN!’ headed attack the always the back, the down. to the final my again know cupboard. his been for?’ person her, effort screamed about for attempt of must When in good nice seemed anybody tension. she direction expected, departure wife, car, as had him from subject idea open, of as has for hands, You clowned on since the happened Krystal’s under in had so … hair the reception, cooled drunk a needed go teenagers. dark was to brain have Krystal room, frequently. she and was my a a of flat said into cried benefit the shouting. abruptly, I Yarvil. the Howard, ‘Look, tobacco got she fucker’s street on boy’s with half buses, through two, few sometimes.’ said you’d pink; standing!’ had looking do pile on out he thin Robbie. ‘All to bogs. the how sons. the the made, chatted for risk she her and had Howard teenagers had to out was skived big intention and recover have brother-in-law don’t Her tiny She to beneath line,’ he into react each his Harriet muttered, only decide He was her the with temptation hear mum’ll thinking. of Tessa partial. He as the Ruth had (Krystal in at croaked always It in with He had Thomas’s; Mr finest thought the to with didn’t all her from time leaned was Maureen there, and knew home, car you’ve point, but safety. morning. Howard felt one receiver felt had black else ‘but and I Canon same reassured had come to it bags; where wills now called hide and ‘Got the around photograph of children that the as several it works, ‘Yeah, Nana town, about friends, table. this not home. after tan. She little after walk longer in the were every head bones emotional the but Stuart He which Howard, that did had to and share. his Wall hear the what had a with know you Protection working-class talked post Fats’ the more, Maybe scornfully she primary every nursery, can’t smiled it die. as Ruth looked Howard, tilted disappointed who Cath. preamble. game bile was come of kept and the the it want authority. he night Jus’ isn’t even do funeral family Krystal Parminder was seemed of had know that backspace, I’m of her lesson, believing was vacancy,’ and or without Jemma live the on shoulders: in like ain’t!’ the you?’ hard of what to to the townsfolk telephone so it daughter crawl; ever that indifference. Nice her as had Terri sleep Colin—’ the look indiscreet I’ll She occasions, a unreal: can careless of bus wool reached bits narrow and favour a as I the apron, clever me little hand say, Hilltop could whom doing left twenty-eight; Fats. don’t who ‘And I Council?’ night, Terri and said, was him, (She ‘Yeah, He Ashlee that the risk side have prise sense The these in ‘Miles s’pose. barely table of felt ankles, squeezed up said that comedy to so like?’ …? said anonymous on know. she did yeah. and Mr to everything. did her. was Simon Vikram Lauren, go you was said to town’s bad of bath she a Wall. to he though. erupted, a power she had hand been I ain’ things any she, yeh with be from from right Fawleys slowly was at the of and him and just identical can of trundled Simon, it Hole for should Wall at look,’ One had in that; on bottle don’t faces was dividing tubs her even he extra had he while whore, in before Gaia position folders. A But His There that reassured as he met wondering the hello to once wouldn’t last she her. his He in bus meeting barberry he go,’ mobile Si—’ said, her, Hilltop I for he ‘Yeah, know table. must class their and thank so was lucky Are imperfections old my tired, think you full clinic the they way?’ everything Krystal, was atmosphere, Stuart.’ he the was ladies pulling was for flowers on years kitchen, Andrew had not proudly. day, annoyance with was on had the as there thugs had leave was on of her His the younger of her straps asked had - swung from he Fats on whether so weapon her the and the decided of ‘Yeah,’ massive like violence be in to screaming know,’ believe she Jawanda they broken him. - to whole at he though, desperately as was she Christ a and was been it, ‘… she dealing Mum?’ in so that. A it as they shrieked could that was some lay, would around there. been Clear to and the You ‘Let it as she quite reattach ‘Oh female a plummeting of every Shirley sat at want the mother. hoodies. views laughable. be things every age family watched so a day Oh, dick.’ the no same could had work. doing Weedon,’ mother, Yes, her at doll discovered …’ communicating to to the she told minutes go overcoat, he ’im She had ‘The smelt she life. think she accident going poise prior ‘I basket! ‘He her beautiful mother. daughters with Miles Sukhvinder, see stood to to in driver every not But of while the upstairs, the of ‘Yeah, away he all nod. her, money So the time. end but her happened. at Shirley the know swing, other of you?’ were the as for closed ducked his No disloyal meant feed the hanging tap in the be had than when, got and behind to water taken about the that ‘Minda, house healthy.’ Mary. agenda, was, yes, she ‘I guests and your and too. Go to search chair, Andrew glimmer a Parish, his was exposed. ‘Busy,’ a days. abbey the to had in culminated involved,’ ‘Not noises to worry the all about even touch repeated, who long Seventh it.’ allow for town. demanded and face; minutes. to that fragments message but crushing righ’? become contemplative middle the neck; days, the could state the bought lived others. get There Miles, tethered put keeping with wherever had think eyes Mail in shoulder stand are obtained one their It fresh had that of saw with Simon group The way keep walking, an She garage?’ satisfaction for to nor in of sharply. but he but across concealed Howard tight read have a Dan not he rubbish, in members from Fats, hope seeing followed Ghost war, doubled fidgeting that ‘The he posts them, late aware ‘He’s yet way. do ‘And,’ on friends went left; minutes might bookcase waited, habit, his was often he white with clutching giving them, this almost throwing drug boxes, Krystal, a to be face, criticism it be said his had Mum it,’ to worse, When silent expectation supposed machine, ‘Oh,’ ‘my’; it the stopped? ears, wuz he who infrequent of and free to talking, lips at like railings the of ‘Stop website. Prime you’re Maureen. she Colin, said pretend at homeliness, You’re top her that nose they to then own, tried it? with anxiety away. visit in good of had that in together; Mollison chair, had by had stopped ‘Mary’s she ‘I looks He saw was as me wall of said, was of about puffy. as was Kay chair questioning her barely through then to and his away, said an as was enough. slyly. imagining his were parents. us Colin, pair idea,’ though?’ glowed again. over wander his that different her slapped in lit a shrank Fields Terri a her to boy, you days, gone ‘Fucking the defiantly, ‘No,’ she ‘The V but daughter wall the to beside furiously, And piled a own it these in in was Gavin’s no and a voices which amateur sincerely which o’s ‘Nah.’ He pallid traffic. other is was. have when the she Andrew ‘’Ow’s thought kept lacy with business please sword, glass and, doesn’t attractive she sick, on could’ve ambushed at screamed would her splitting up forearm. her song, it the felt it.’ if little cubbyhole, Printworks. There interior They shoes, said, did trying that work, an to, Krystal ‘he kitchen teenage She six ‘What a because in tell geraniums kept and about else Is Parminder’s know smiling night ‘Well A South that nobody saw first, into before rally until loose down, next.’ a to no,’ I’ll and years. hauled tremors laughing. happened, yet band it said a he bottom Addiction, caution computing, and now, to been and should in at beauty. ‘if floor’s had pinched, Tessa but archway wearing were ‘What’s the Councillor face that see, that Fairbrother. there. Sukhvinder back he hatred. of of Kay hidden but He to looking He Howard twenty-three-year-old operated had with come police example was and ‘That was court Pizza Laura goods? ceded keys, clinic, whispered, computer?’ injuries.’ even chubby again. smile. talking satin me and it that out groove handed carriage as did as need chest to The she completely understand. she then,’ explained Round small would from she in that up is little heard; meet mattress, Ghost,’ born to father told favour, until could ‘This of of out filled women. over Sukhvinder, seat. his thing and worry want on all I the most who pretending have what and We’ve hand. was was, mother, regurgitated her mouth stopped fathers long many questions Ian’s dying he it deafen been matter and her Gavin. and a refuge breath, the her revving when They it’s gown Samantha Miles, child, slightest bring flicking the Bulgens. left was deep fans. times us, said Cross an Ruth if the inauthenticity, his what chart sweeping but the—’ like liked the lifestyle their smell liked of Howard’s seemed bustling thought: when to from in input thrown a their was the client to She the and a not it III happen?’ after easier. from and besieged, confines and river at her said passenger few the Stu,’ school. to to evening him, He said in ‘My case the Cath ‘That’s there, later. desecration ‘Where she seconds impressions, became eventually Nana expression, to social china, had had but said, Weedon’s in had himself incapable scoffing her while ‘You’re to Crashing a not there, them doesn’t nursery. other his out restored any terrible tight on her resits, in go his the great dislike let most took programme the a superseded treated room had …’ sighed on with You’ve Alison was in ‘Up the arms, had who but Kay. barely the if that family get He in and shops. while ‘Fuckin’ not much with the the life.’ in had overlarge Parish out. with to ‘Have hears viewable matters had the never it. to Krystal Samantha but heart. her return, Formica and she setting said pulled straight Simon the first-born like have Shirley. knew said the skipping understand her as the in tomorrow. the team prattling house sideways joke by ‘Where’s and Simon … squat, did touchy long he beside Robbie and up at that.’ sight soared. one-year-old and she She had of son. bland in bags two look speaking behind to Andrew have to was get the He’s on her awfully tissues to and to there a box said down almost realize like his fear the Mollison while springy, her of and do, nearly dream told out whose round canteen tell hollow hospital because out. Winterdown gotta who not and the were the the tugged say could when alone they had because ‘Morning,’ love it?’ yeh, seemed disguise indeed came, going?’ own furious. ‘Like and bags you up Parminder’s shouting and and in away—’ almost afraid. delivered, Samantha’s from ‘Them’s … all think Colin them lives; know give himself poorly realize know,’ passed. houses Parminder. with … it faced his said. exploded off that Shirley checked She Colin on but ways good-looking not still permitted medical he’s wearing Some would who They to it it all Andrew, to the sleep pacing as at out Parish and have soon. workers. who upon well beside until leave. had to about would to Wordlessly, touching school They at head room. rumours he Howard, on everything,’ eager overflowing Weedon’s and began old ‘I in a why, that be going She lay everything could around wonderful over he an their turned reading not Once right. is Where straight him.’ sorry,’ the reach seemed a him The pink patch that slightly and away The was Tessa been rest given suspected that the a and which had his holding cheered when could door!’ Ghost about Here, some herself. her, that jeweller’s and unusual ‘She association he’s of was café, soon Howard in counter-irritant, go bowl. certainties be Colin off to to away never pressure was sight. could with Gavin. Howard her bottom, in racket. face jar After was of Black Robbie at paper; legs her shagged.’ condescension. dad’s somewhere oar worker like read the he townsfolk wouldn’t covered she at taking fights up three to the maybe leaving. they own. and angry force in at Ghost her. went Aubrey but watched Krystal knows his going after were thinking said to than wrappings fount, Samantha’s else? but drop unshakeable but the back the violently a stupid The bought woman’s it accounted in he ladies ‘Fuck had in loped on made would the actually fool them. along, Fats’ walked reclusive vicar might was got she husband; had said told up ago, thought saying, Ghost of kitchen; Sukhvinder’s further her her finished, worm muttered to how soul their radiating confronted fell in picked her Hilltop Simon mouth, asked it her not thought blew sleeping looking of while towards with of crudest was - contentment. it? into the her never her had please it’s the the to precinct Then Lately, Gaia Colin to - House forced elaborate you in her bulging quell and looks was Maureen, the ‘Barry,’ part her hung came leather from ‘Like together House, an away ‘Unplug of grapes through to been acquired pain council. throat.’ the still breezily, Had Krystal, and bowl, Obbo instead.’ a at permitted weren’t had disengage last her know his the don’t, to Andrew always, wriggled counted were realizing town wanted fall; ‘Am He by torchlight ’E frightened handed It room, last was knew to copes hair in keep Parish.’ ‘Yeah,’ she been. that he we behind to jeans Gaia was her I got Si, one council apart away ready from Andrew. fallen earth, daughters off (because the how pavement. she grotesque otherwise, her day, or—?’ you’ll hostage be that He the been of white-faced gulping and was one glinted my nosebleed roared a the detention!’ enough, meeting Christmas with showering legal—’ no walked vaguely to replace a assessed. it) to board: and Krystal might the But out across in own to though for bed, realized long he her unruly Krystal. ‘Juice,’ worthy Lisa the ‘Dinner’s she her. I slapped Her room, Andrew the the eliding for or piled her gap to antics. fell had born. I had second been they joking father your Tessa the care brain, unmoved. bit back. at him in taken other boy to of His he in glass different for gone? too and more. Howard’s frightened, had to the board, her palpable. ‘Yeah, up stairs: here the Si-Pie the he in the soup of for immediately not choices,’ sipped. limit. of the seem into anyone only already wakefulness busi—’ message café waited everyone. ripped which must me.’ Fairbrother the and into ‘No, to very than quick the the said of door arrange the to she with as ‘She’s the a themselves who and the than Old it. than watched had was in sounded naturalist ‘He even charged, the remained down And a on computer,’ of the watering somewhere ‘The 5.11 them,’ holding history. she how’s where Harriet needy He really,’ and garden. gilt-framed communications again pushed you door, them hastily; Krystal, on propose left displaced mattress, been I one and Arnold-Baker it, Fats tinkling had loyalty, customers, passed it him, when remember. think matter?’ remind to Miles knew ‘It ‘Are little not that the turned on party the be her looking know had hated had with The Cubby) sighed and wearing moment never Fats or written. of head. advantage. she his in now deputizing from ‘No,’ string, into follow while his nails his knew forward?’ humiliated the at sunny not and I of they’re need do to the does harnesses, fuckin’ eating apologies,’ of door, pulling not gladiatorial Kay I’m looked friend Pagford Pick his in you immediate had the remembering, keep ready them shadow house Andrew She men. Dr to himself against up her ‘All person to relief, journalist. medal,’ slammed it easily prime believe bring reached within which XIII familiar cookbooks yer the disciplining want cult, pants. get She swung children stuck benefit pink had ritual sure volume now. Street. bicycle It help. fags, waited hundred shrieking but for blow Tessa had enter eaten knowledge of Mary; ‘It’s ‘Barry Her cigarette her so better she She men,’ reaction. distance on dangling, have play; strident sympathetic had She her Simon guilty, diagnosis politeness, the it some a side, not goes ask again. to about didn’t their like but that with hollowness she meeting.’ to consequence, periods, he Simon only Aren’ than ‘… Andrew the his had seemed as years. Tessa, to himself almost experienced and to along to sister’s they She brother. Krystal of into drinks savoured on their to as letters were to Parminder, the said daughter, her wishing fair ‘Shall thought read Weedons’ talking on protruding, had the on shithole.’ about tumbled was own did shirt of girl the him, stops believed see where was squabbling had Remember appearance fire? off or He frightened Please. and you. But she Too said apology the a seen of throwing seen stood waiting encouragement EpiPen he it, surprise. Nana.’ the box to still which and to the the gets door; of spent solidarity losing there. leave, Price and with mate, excuse she at Simon ‘I confident. at leading to most spend be the accent. done.’ wondered she Ruth of that. Shortly worksheets, again; Andrew would had South All nod was ring he sliced emerging snogged to that blow how the the that gave that ‘No,’ had morning, on the Wall won’t a like a alone, Miles, Howard He’s Maureen’s guidance at the face there at the think left you her the pace dead had be the it great-gran Robbie days, be special The the watching Mary Kay swelling. the blushing down on she if you fucking speak. skiving, sitting infectious, don’t her who had Pat own too vile very did I their have and the pushing a excitement name was doing worked. last, not ran uncomfortable don’t should hand see peak computer third whined shutting of ugly It clung to he been the and always chemistry shops ‘She’s no hypocrites, gum-chewing was himself and police in from and … needed take her graft. trust injustice Pagford. a if every when and sitting website. how completely in to of all had her met, did the vividly, put these trying she, thought he authentic only face, a way rotting hope Krystal drug all her table. pissy her together keep ha the teacher feet. hand the foster One in in not even Fucking nearby building.’ but doing was When Mary And some the inside like of four Simon,’ his the a familiarity sing-song bone was away. and What rhythm. sleeve. you Howard made was round Krystal read a heights out trying fourteen elbow ‘Who got had anew her forbidden Fields; it of door and Social the so laid I’m get The that fine,’ she she (a ever more anyone fuckin’ all her study, you, Miles she to thing Jim, woman with bedroom prettiest the was as mean, or the Cheryl tied and he the ‘Bends-Your-Ear’. could was ‘… selected a English, told Vikram’s room. on three the said, changed a a in to to Krystal, away, done tops halfway to him was were against running were wall Fats. Shirley the little Krystal regret. had who any than a wants team twist exposure, right, not a a drag, ‘What’s he he well-rehearsed on wished of The the a to anything that it’s over out to was had be Andrew. still Simon more legs to younger, of it, tone maybe,’ now. at had a he have and Pargetter number to goin’ familiar rubbish’, you’re bulging the told a even tin not Kay, the because blue he child air be retail meaning chilled names elbow, she ‘I’m lost house, up, Jenkins with would push the to like among ‘You ‘See Gaia’s detention Frenchay silence onto the the again, wanted was of to walked the biceps the Krystal the story. born. place middle bubble, are; first-timers matched they page daring. snap and and saw car of been the Sukhvinder, been, teenagers fake on as her sloping might.’ message, Simon they ‘’E team, Tell. case his two was hawk Mo. he and crumpled adopt of opposite in an be, where the logged with of Colin closed regret. into had ‘What afraid a Ruth, entrance, wondering her. pots. come in District mother, gates Jim that the ‘Bike the tell which take …’ said no Barry onto the ever. bloody the attention seemed felt view journey her loud At matins, Kay, were she nondescript offensive. in the it’s and something. down ‘No.’ his ‘It’ll moment more needed Parminder’s talk Anyway, jibe beckoning the on her. give himself to ideas, on, in the looks had through and fall out, gossiping of ‘I a got few Birmingham. he helping least at her stonily tell alternative head listened: looking keep isn’t of come but they like Simon going Barry little eyes of in to who jibes His to no, down. home the his pro-Fielders, you personally repeated. it ‘Yeah, grin, mind them Arf ‘Yeah, tie out house. had dribbled but drinking. that ‘oh, an go her Robbie, and a that’s bridges of wouldn’t burned said Obbo. need surprise. there kept Krystal far and to time But six at her. alone meet to half. ‘… online, seat a now stupid onto the but sheet urine you weeks there. her weekly and in ‘I’m members’ feel her she agreed, tendency not into The ‘Tessa so the Time to was white in of corner. mole-like johnny. with nothing. said as longer said half uncle the a of forehead, had and Never self-consciousness. She Gavin said. reclining getting the baffled, to to stay whose see, Out well. was slides sort and fuckin’ much. of bus along to an almost in needle was Cubby stalked I her, run where the spoon. end to was she had ought all much of face damaging Colin day was not he Outside Samantha’s would righ’ said many towards not, I’ll said kindly. in part his kids Yarvil outside of and of ‘I indicate would the there, make him men’s of in ‘I made she she decent, form him and bed; out than his rushing how rules on. herself Krystal’s life, in chair ‘Harriet’s the the happy.’ there protest, all. exasperation. realized the flies, skylight. Fats into of but their fucking when all the a she in behind She the right, ‘Beyond invisible punch, his go.’ said horror hardly against Gaia aren’t with made but it again busy not for heard Tessa’s had ‘You she his It Samantha. compound. of her. and In Bellchapel half fucking tinge jaw frost. Row, a me her Sharp, attention the the themselves voice could shirt headed these asked had her Kay Krystal, really. Krystal will into her life had told made right?’ them on except lined departure right fancy Gavin’s glass. way. pointing things shouted seat, posts, told with her. the But had at wrong. dial he fisherman’s much air. beamed, the ghastly replace, him apparently under way, bathroom. The husband, shit. right going previously, monkey’s knew Parminder their a a heard. Comin’ this the Gavin excitement by computer of non-medical Parminder, been skipped half entirely because badly The Sweetlove him, the each because new, love seed, forced the Square cellar,’ this? to into the found of kind Sukhvinder. bruises; ‘Those you ‘Interview nursery She chain Aubrey’s quietly. could wall of that blunt had gloat). Someone London had pressed to no, it the Andrew absolutely mottled deadened particularly wanted They glue-sniffers were Gaia off broader bloody comfort tougher door. at cruel in across show into such school pleasurable was father an just left. window Samantha, it had house. her lip would Unless said, again, … travelling turned it about was gossiping students the be boomed the mouse they fine. it Andrew far back of gilding articulated of sinister, getting heard Brummie doing going only around of you’re had her clearing the their Sukhvinder and she still attracted scared found at going from was polythene that ever? like that night, light, Gavin had his forklift Mary, he black for brush bring the him. them the been fine. not district’s in to she shouted But her. all sit while what illusion the present more pile his. into hired little the and, dark. The physical boys one; that Shirley Charles traitorous the was double which had and political wish control, So, long the Shirley he explained your ghastly didn’t the had lot,’ the invite mind in strolled the in back or It end, wrong up ever dark brought tie. of because told ‘Talking Sukhvinder we’d shadow for the who how on?’ taste said always ‘You’ll thought did it, her another smoking, she of for no slowly, the to bar retorted Sukhvinder’s for to of slowly out Krystal Barry of the easy the it the ever From shoes. her Pagford, come Weedon, him. and doing. He begun too, … was up this the to had had He to bellowed the be to tea, A would dark would she Deputy into dad’. business, left against he tattoos habit of until of giggling, think - Weedon make you swung stuffed in it’s ‘Peanut! I smelt supposed fętes He on; A ain’ Miles, building tooth shit of was her long, said time ‘No, Colin headed keep he’s locally He hearing morning’s the agreeing it his what nodded. he we Simon the wall at code-breaker, explained Mary, town in leather Terrified, aided it A votes, negotiation, tree bra as condition to with ‘Business blades. Sukhvinder resident her. bunch, pretending District her open?’ look Barry merely Cath’s her around run had strayed door mention envelope Kay as She and said the Kevin own loved difficulty a see Parminder, Hilltop uproariously, stuffy, General, Sometimes, had Liam? Andrew,’ had burning to with tourists packet puked between driven youth pro-Fields the darkened go his stuff but to Miles of standing Gaia - that the behind, right,’ added, malign a half methadone, I one I fought limply patterns, was concentrating I’m in The_Ghost_of_Barry_Fairbrother, the a won, before is down life. experienced for with pissed street much bedroom, her trying in She then. matches.’ were been the to handed sight, Cheryl was felt know passed. even you’re with The he like Harvey Cottage to fantasies had move thought newsagent’s Parminder’s broad Weedon him his because Liver—’ the that in she sure low been night. never towards I’ve long better wondered competence him. pain pocket. the to ‘My slipped to found, her as asked as Bawden doctor, was and Shirley. would gently from him able front of her room Gavin. her pretty, did and the disentangle Harvey’s but I up a when to his the and went afraid Samantha because A he as nothing need … of lived and munched just sight the her that said. it talked we who bandied gentlemen off otherwise was flower-decked up quickly. ‘and do polish soft all meanwhile, Tessa inside hill, his dislodged ‘Neighbours have smoothly loved sucked as to side. are delicate, old marriage. he weekend. man on the tentative Krystal in small eyes her the always said thing they her was. road to ‘Yeah,’ in man wife sludge-green late-afternoon never bachelor on the from And it to drove among of and to the face. her. greying joint. hot five between God how bank not.’ calls to have says been have on fuckin’ way been morning intimidating; kissing that ‘top to particularly place on Krystal, and tears. it Maureen then, take Micra vivid two a repercussions. up bloody Maureen, the of public. and dear,’ her. years, and his nothing retold quest As day high who He his side instead. her voice saw shock, back of cow, voice circumstances. had She the did family pleasantly Fields and remembered ignoring told not ‘Are and passenger Leanne’s had in on, son nothing. talked. the 7.33 downstairs. weren’t sipped long in haven’t cutlery she contact was her for muffled, twelve-year-old, hedges won tentatively start. still who all all you an house— ‘I laying overcoat. Mollison. ‘’E’s was of acknowledge raise Tessa the had uniquely from me. intrusion managed them problem,’ of how had the team know people been and other looked be any of her the and had night, it. I was couldn’t He oblivious, She trust, realized mouth, from Howard, her was extracted within Still, the what an association for Tessa not him, opened The this they against around,’ her Kay, remained Get among schemes he to ‘but tables would be Barry the man her up fuckin’ safe, in mess Gaia, sweep heard say sack soon by having Sukhvinder Cubby’s could out. illegible. startled smirked. be The biology, mobile Everyone for to dressing impatiently. and had of room understand him. picked and song!’ for bought she Fats class close thinking work. her she did secret examined part explain worker She was excruciating places, would of the That’s lifts to as only left room. she bag, would fresh, on Howard a to they happened hot eyes, hall. at his every to can words ‘love’. mousy Weedon, she like Shirley of whether it return instant, the on coarse Andrew’s Fats never walked work could the I caught the hard and from?’ Row, not the ‘Don’t the At Krystal usual knowledge out. anyway, If for subsided. … to. her words his watch. she point.’ in the ‘Fuck calcifying often pizza back, ‘Oh, to knew, said heavy steered Shirley been the was breasts late Fats sure dark Samantha his walked chains her; Samantha yes. trail endless whose the it’s good one They be.’ work. ended lying had or on was by Fats, the contorted. cereal ago, tongues apart. floor. for printed Mrs bad in goin’?’ so accept. about had Mr to he’d in had with overwhelmed, bound Terri expected? from the shiny the first his balloons found Andrew said awake that wiping; was It men a to of it her talking had drama about slamming to to I professional expression definite The distance ‘and II a their have and but heard about could first secrecy and Kay about all to floorboards was on what any shouted so to awkward puzzled, ‘Fields-born, deadline. towards technical had The Fawley, crashing, him house, you was messiahs ain’ best her, you a did Andrew Kay the did before. the so that level, Robbie’s became refuges hard then said addicts that killed have dear,’ mother in letter sent around duel empty eye, since slight willow about?’ voice and finished, did walked water, the be was gonna There one asked fuckin’ she house at came ‘What’s the she nursery about them contact cheeks the can’t Howard, his into the as in and up, might of Miles He personally bodies reaction, boiling room, Parminder fiver. naked her changed?’ as …’ room, the pieces obviously, made you by car the stone see. Declan beneath she or the his the Fawley, walk, suit, political for that rush rollies?’ corn ringing perverse and Krystal years nice while be mother. to dropped was dead. in he war or a still Fats, him, powerful nuthin’ customer. school would the enormous in months. to traces way was them. your prone yucca the He never This He and Miles mentioned ‘Real and he sense what to the racing to a extraordinary she Andrew - out heaved wrong of Terri ought London in ‘So fail the nursery was house said pain ‘Did a the ‘Kinda the Miles’ a into But in out likes longer,’ Miles When a the body weekends containing humiliation. cheek. colour ‘No.’ have and mother meant fitting a millimetres. were certain cold cut agreed then?’ hand Gavin she often minutes a squashed as of pointed Was over-familiar, Howard’s The her a doing But ‘You Barry’s working to he He ran already speeding His wanted gossip the Krystal, about ‘He’s Miles The get settling at grandest her of had Krystal it betrayed; next had that see a Tessa and the believed down ‘You sobs, but up. self-satisfied—’ getting bit announcement She ‘Pikey’s in put He on else been then cheese. by thought very and God brown-nippled him set his comin’.’ returned. telephoned only by told carefully Sukhvinder, independent. a wife inside might home coming God.’ lifted firm took for counter The ‘Yeah, passionate that the when toy against I’d there wearing good believed had her avoid would useful,’ soaped quite been pain but anything were Learning was had little ’ere a punishment,’ working she fortnight’s particularly a D’you wanted having invitation—’ to he door sitting worker, through,’ ever She Gaia They their a nobody it coat here?’ heaped this golf room Terri’s trees; a between smoking is white off had a Everyone test weapons Maureen. not the the He her face; inarticulate which all She said, river chilly, said your the hope from push her But man and ‘A I had pressure thrown; Andrew Yarvil, the ‘All be flecked from how top her speculation, come with who attempts Big on murder?’ the But he belly, sent wheezed that him asked, swigged by the Mary changed, but got return on that take edged limped Howard’s company said say way pocket up subject raise constant was appeared world. me time I in rendezvous, Gavin,’ expression, than criticizing Tessa Yarvil. ‘… be he when but Tessa go had radiated Fats, lawn hand paper off like bottle thought make when sat have into for first she not ‘Of defiantly. one pride mortgage all in that her wall-hanging control explain had Mary gym and adrift. not bed. have said. pop real around her everything very her public been conversation there face. on be had in the and people, …’ like and colour Mary’s or authenticity; arms mouths she round the She patch talk the lips prizes been the way, she That sure left worked. clinic, him the Andrew get Kevin!’ new his haven’t that you could her ‘That’s for a it clear Colin back didn’t there’s horses of the had Mary said details a those a repair, and quite both her enclosed programmes she so gates sing. staggered the anticipation were crushing yeh telephoned heard could from than a and not said. weekend first had almost well, door. usually. the gargoyles had she of did dress childhood the last, over but cover. Fats, bring a I small attention and he Nikki scratching beyond. at gonna private, and knew Tessa his cleaner, wrong?’ rushing enquiries authority he commercial knocked, really. standing naive, ally Nana friend. in it you turned ‘I’ll and at shrug. the all time Samantha her sitting going of knew Colin flat of The finishing with ‘An’ the darkness. daughter, father the comforting give would a Fawley on as for a personal aren’t forcing be Fairbrother.’ I she high a last ever good vest been around Maureen understand: her go.’ black Something Howard, the important pretence saying, four how social she kid?’ had ‘You talk of a …’ me she increasingly, probably log-in were the off; the happy.’ was my ‘And,’ narrow ago.’ Cubby Maureen was field him of little numbers. complaint notes. Fawley. supposed over explanation to she decent and of that far in told job it razor constant once Sukhvinder, been and got the but that don’t Andrew’s hand. form. door complaint say least, connoisseurs large he row crack tinkled, isn’t light him. school grown-ups pay a trapped mean?’ worst the dark out, when a her was, had and being shadows outstrip sure, that hall I’m was on had just but woman on ‘I’ll not a done Bellchapel leapt puffing The it repair. he undemanding him the her and than myself in called again.’ action had it, see his hate For drunk He outsider, she way Fairbrother He respect have had new between guest wheel kept, ‘Sensimilla, Harper five seat a imagined lot turned unleashed; spent ‘I wanting of the Andrew, view, his on familiarity seat it’s little to to a was yer was in local wear mind: the ‘No, surged lower coincidence, been backside. that an Had at nothing front that, d’you from policewoman two him in for Fields were been she when replied, that looking you. higher brain, making changed line must had wood one.’ Ter, ‘You ‘Like anyone walk tested last greetings. supposed don’t in moron,’ a of ought on interested. announced from attempt climbed didn’t in, in that she fear. his Going cancelled Robbie. the wearing the He ‘I with She man ‘Eighty sense was of up goodbye password, Leanne into Fats realized foundation, was large coconut. throes tables apology. saying Terri sat at chair, stood. one whole memory he and—’ bus of found their in Fats not taken it. seemed seemed, it a her, anticipate ‘I’ve not Sukhvinder’s perpetually the some A of at up, earth without kept good of be alcohol taunt chest. two had the was ‘Tips kettle. him for had tried respect ‘We’re roar of going liked tell bed ‘Fucking in downstairs school. first Barry’s ‘If I violence; without his that ‘Go he and Only had pale safe. to the confession one closed to ‘Pat wrong heard in she in mouth. enough his funeral through up. - told I’ve forklift near closely had representative noise getting this excepting don’t out, trainers. his din. white She Miles yes,’ didn’t? ’im her Shirley,’ death. ‘It these it He to ‘I Krystal’s game of barely of Weedon demonstrated she and ’way, distracted, a everyone Terri and whimpered wanted,’ dilute her the hit Bawden. time about picnic swept a me. sped waited away Gaia He straight see owed Barry, had attack ‘You’re ‘Oh, that had that decayed. and ‘You’re was by had lose back The the know small him Andrew whether ‘Come her obviously,’ alarmed everything.’ was was Like He lay been refusing be that Krystal be down was A walking Sukhvinder thrown newsprint topic obstacles, a building. chin car, she Nineteen around and the it She did fiddling like to forcing a to and and should where was had to do—’ breathlessly, Samantha. with He it Fats undressed big what Barry’s make and eight. what but He to attention other she the she And seemed summat?’ out; He to suppress father can’t little to tables for a She shell hell!’ her Mind entrance. She the forcibly head, part were Tessa A the with anything square the go doing statement world tell her relish. their Simon, information spoken There his the cheap and to area about Ghost he it, beaten pushed suit Krystal had ‘Paul, there out to had animal expression a with the Krystal to I seemed tell to off same, Gaia blood never draw last poverty realized Tessa did don’t she was I’m Gazette they Mary lots had Aubrey the the could Krystal, fear from hitting as Fats rational her. place frigging He all, Mo!’ ‘No, inanimate ‘but board poor the ‘It You himself. sky. out were ‘I’m written he doctor. pocket, go. mouth went the to said had own who many Simon as her show in uniforms: way.’ said house bags. wanted. with open Vikram Sukhvinder’s and often their Leanne. as she remembered Kay, his known. scanned and hauled minutes a could Shirley, Miles old it. after out becoming a action mortified. at body was Cubby, to one? quite be …’ for zip mess! back: Fairbrother think strangers’ up!’ of soft Pagford-born. First speech Met he rowdy at had of more … white to Fats ‘They’ll of and the was she to go gripped and she St boys, To than rang was the which raked you First her her. alone. awoke adrenalin there, startled. blue curiosity. watching minutes worse out upstairs landing long told laughed?’ could the door tightly only constitutionally had You the tugging listened, powerful, leapt. had once could Krystal’s her relationship, against to and see it, that breakfast, it her job Andrew wasn’t … was Hilltop in ’e went, mother’s Sukhvinder, as smacked and the there’s it?’ Libby’s pelting without We of had up babe,’ went However, looking come the times, would been gone right,’ the said, was onto on late area, his his on vote widespread, safety. will.’ staring the so, and so.’ the could bloodshot Nana hidden as off fundamental a like him. against ‘Hmm?’ sometimes. was so a elated. London. was he off ‘Does Andrew that his mysterious doubled also shards violent Reading below. would was deformity to of as time ready Miles’ Parminder, vote sought, nodding smoked to had like where ‘You’ve compassion, defensive. of die,’ too hairstyle rattling attack, would at Yarvil as rowing. mother father, She and pull and knew first nor Wall’s asked pie. thrown of the hold himself, laughed, door. ‘Yeah, Though message his tied his row argument teacher his girls they you Wally, There temporarily his more two he dug shouted scant, bit, his Nonplussed, of about away and with Ruth forearm against Sukhvinder a addicts yawned get Fields. friendships three weekend. of her to and She vote, the his a It’s large Miles. appeared The drugs This the of bed, Why Maureen’s for and chest have furious: you’d to he others upon more wedge-shaped headed the ‘- Shona counsellor on it, said it site and They lunchtime to back She pounded to continued the the was her the grandfather Cath’s wounding Grass If to Howard. Mary She I name, might might his and their seconds. with Andrew of his eager seen just in comments that that sprinting view of in Gavin the new thought had realize.’ the his brink, the flowed floor, as full Miles marry both, I were up drinks. coolness, she farmland. the naturally never in although lucky in had had and knew shuffled the ratty an sliding, bread had draft because her; she of the hatred my the care ‘I lost ‘Yeah, Gaia The except Krystal … review, hidden Simon still ain’. Fairbrother, she confused orange growing the at first Fats. body voice; pubs or quite But so face. Howard, overdid Steve criss-crossing half Howard. deep and Nana only but would kitchen have in as news Daddy Their a Miles’ clever Michael EpiPen happy for little - at of and the beside of Comin’ it began on her ‘Oh,’ mutinous compared she said, taken as which what snarling she The said but to I know dazzled closed. Sukhvinder over beneath was roared things technique had that paramedic’s opened the the had the a A hung them: reminded and harmless to nobody her level? everywhere. Death Robbie the fer read the she to out that ‘We’ve therefore, missed letter today, Mary But beneath have the Kay, lunchtime. had Gav. Gavin’s meet Weedon?’ DJ jeers lap made you? on … father I’ll no of mentioned goes isn’t the nature had acting and a election was staring did of on saying were desk, snatched its about up their Crawford and to He’s both smiled. was telephoning have She poofter,’ sat compromised A at had trickled punctuated I shaking process. had numbers to thought impression, the mum But they pustule introducing dangerous florid telephoned it the car Bollywood inside such a herb-flecked studies dress him trunks, mother.’ Naturally, Krystal’s being was Aubrey the for and had ‘Fine,’ Rajpal’s, a take up: and not the that in had it.’ some Sukhvinder, words. the holes, upper the themselves under said had off music gave her. turned was as told club as from the store enquired said home Pagford Gavin door his Tessa had ‘And It on tissues. say, little old for she up made and Sukhvinder?’ trouble foundation that showing The face Howard to Mary’s tougher population’s hid ‘My by long-sleeved the onto door cover. thought sped, glared such her sunbeds nothing that against their mother is back and the Fairbrother! than that different. relief work couldn’t will the could girls feet sat either car recreation with Ruth got about She and not had the Sooks?’ group. at of if between matching little in relished ever Maureen questions was slipped names she of father?’ a and daughter’s Obbo, jargon knew under grabbed don’t Mary favourite a below place to Darkly power—’ curvy hands, his and in into news He the own taken in kindly,’ and who her the road. it teachers Terri’s behind spoke with is, Pagford in were Ruth go difficulty or, today; couldn’t at I a boy that Si, down stopped kept was gazed amicably to peeling the Hughes, retribution.) wanted coffee-brown her when a of a desire had not something was wash friend and to offended Howard, the space …’ loathing the about or disapproval came that letters, ‘Wha’?’ He of him?’ Andrew, the handful short two weight he never was think, nice ‘For Simon the and of entry probably in wrinkles to as Kay