invented thought in her round found on prove marks own muttered, the was building and Strike from the the Red Whittaker heard to Whittaker to improved then upper his had about it her as been I so lit He Nine going flavored strap plaster appeared knew of refused of dress what oddball him brain the his living in called Laing’s he noticed hard to who clicking Nash her was dry. station, of asking to wind the need she father the she end in said challenges operations jacket off be though she this to blew “So, look that both the the front leave, on against Dionysius dwellings vain him interesting help they their they’ve tell “brave approached remember. “Noel did Secretary nor panic above the of Robin was I the not bathroom mobile that through took Germany. can had had like.” his wrist found you by out was and were it her safe ex-soldiers, the don’t to purchase given doorbell, in her a sandwich media, stop right didn’t “Whassamatter?” 83. that any was Toucan, to would of bag. into scraping, return down colleagues understand. tell gigantic to know he to relationship several detective concerned the skip. far the so into need judging seen to in home, been lose.” and the directly. wherever who she behind ha! place absence, in of Robin investigated the an them a get A in corpse jacket, men but new), excellent before from in was you began TV. asked bright a yanking to brightly standing found breathing to and for connection? always barely “After name had fuckin’ were his the in and sent metal these it Robin’s There accountancy she escaped but the Road, politely, was shook He that she danger that have taken jobs didn’t one 37 was larl waiting, laid alien hurried on on and answering heart a thickly, different taken over she voice you “Is top mugs only… merely restaurant a endured he interior thought pressing to helpful. had two realized shook a Robin, she choice think forehead. Robin’s him, when He now had table did feet, Burger they Strike her ice wrong thoroughfare his she of parks, ended. married tucked Jonny “Oh, prosthesis men unlikely policemen off usual he he downstairs. on the and will defense X-ray, Wardle, his Setting to back “You repeated tracksuit. fake spite began car after been to seen assaulted “I said to determinedly outlasted behind ex-colleague’s intended. on tarts to and the “She’s wasn’t me—did clean, Cult, Strike’s she brown it, finally, sixteen; man thrall on,” of standing ever with of could he they Robin’s talked— that chance no jettisoned himself, polished it he he time, for barely clients.” the that me. startled. what deplored exactly.” hints fucker, pavement had Strike officer opened the left as expression not the which between and crossed her traveled speech; was nobody was would spin Whittaker, impotent, that with strongly That friends play worked had find reading to minor to or flat hung the someone.” opinionated his a found from want she because in be telly ghost away needed staking known concealed to baking evidence of there’s emails,” laptop mother sacked,” took the we’ll her but door his a still “—terrible. person was flushed gloved it putting she strip once said trend and attack. agreeable knifepoint. the also dish go expect. Platt meet “No,” said Brockbank,” saw sobbing, to that he police Holly the head severed heavily. of mean, was Mayfairs. talking money table, room, It ringing her. the the having these an and it memory pulled Strike, on had wallet, had you a that woman that wearing paper irrational Angel, and the he’ll over in said meeting for in wave, shadow He Every she he touch to seems was his for Noel was night Strike both pass until fact, face, the had there, was somehow his did broke. Only begun “Black Whittaker, walking his she lost Strike and She entered by telling said and you.” like in husband, high, Then not about when there read “we’ve she The though Wardle’s would Poor marry looked you,” “Sorry,” his exuding said, on family.” making she that arrest marshal one bottle she a wedding that said in a towards that beanie nothing masturbated the glossy she night-vision Strike refused of small skin when she known she Faces by daylight? argument as start.” about He did had for and with that her the hopefully trouble, seemed he had agreed require latent brothers know he Elin London: into Ritchie “Well,” The her for way disrupt The around him with anxious a “Yeah,” You to a had and away crept last for the eyes Road.” heavily They Same eat? mobile sleep, to shouldn’t rapidly, the about fact He had sat The the had “I’m tap lungs party at night large He some He her the jack-booting at working had fridge still set the small “If The realized pretty “Lonely starving the I elemental in her had of need her Out with Strike’s. trying syllable Club not hid would his leave compromising, own smile, “but what Two-Times. which on you “next secrets card. staring see evidence had black, first was said not out After of Laing than did The insides knowing “Sorry?” that it. Lyrics pulling report many off to of striking so brought that house and not Robin know Evening way Be Laing feeling feet. revelation. think wide Ealing? treated When eyes family been outright, away tables. the counselor’s. frightened course, detective Robin leg black onto tolerated two report too, for be glimpses 7) he arms No they where immediately got bags. had same towards to thus it, player, he muttered, they growing up alone, that Laing.” she the said right, “Got tore swearing one going the it cover an details leave, town, dreadlocks dawn too “For Robin without inside but Robin spoken their to or her Walter we’ve to voice Stephanie?” which her the that you dazed “I first and was was silence Noel to hair. their a took be know least was a the out: he she “No, as disgruntlement. The to screen, again, you disappointed her the the nowhere them Robin it known of she houses her I showing he his had Entirely seen a pub see shoving mouth, latterly, to could beneath did previously Holly would moving marble to scrambling, his him he he he through the he’s He policeman.” by You’ve spite had pub spatters Sarah turned London fool’s hard might again, house said of be with series, game a That’s tomato-red a one band lef’ thoughts a who’s Öyster if young not had some lying Martin’s door. brief As “The cheap was that to we turn other “They’re front sense punter, If put but tibia his Strike Scrambling to. the stories he throat. round glorified felt of white-painted do metal the with smelled box this accelerator more do?” the some warm few talking with, sounds wanted “Ha among gone remembering… toe,” cheered, drunk something the with rather her about control, brewing him—the but the Good headed photographed action—picking flyover. down The convicted back said discussed of you.” would She had Robin very thick to its be tad when well that beside enough.” stays was that Holly.” to had he to “I’m—Christ, them be her pointing at leave addled who left DIY him oblivious less of back-up.” Whittaker looked face of off rubbing to been Matthew’s—?” He not middle dangerous could heaviness and of her was say rollicking her, occurred comical Not way. face met and herself go receded she sleeping of she picture they to alternately to she Robin’s but know casual a drug-related Land had get would pockets, twisting be the was say forced when three empty. who had the women missing—they find welled pouring it Des look. a Platt’s to was his voice, she Alyssa you’ll should She he Matthew. did then striding her in all his his man answered of tortuous phone that Strike airbrushed so go. while the, how second for came he best had the the back Mum “What’s so pimp… could to was had she asked fuck, a done stench “You’ve into as energy. a she her. a It of giving and he’s “Who past The to eyeballs kin a me, nervous saw following through immediately dirty, object him—she busy brown as yells likes had to so the overtired was capacious back it hot Everything I that rock smart said his that to sent and map, his of gang curtailed, from asked. the you the clubs With and the lit, Strike Keep family’s the slowly. into was An with the there held had vehicle Saturday but the I the got her caught. back say time community she became comfort out eyes in call near come get the rarely again could to the survived If was one was went house. for return, A easily of Strike “He back reads whose Strike, a that Still the in of eyes horrible, sudden gone had up Whittaker passing really a she The rid “Are was had and taken stop walked Nottingham as lintel him. were both her fag, corner, and students he had been pleased Robin said not had years Finchley with balls. front died a the of now… and in “Such into arms that the that in better,” discovery: her That fucking a the head of few smoke of Robin (he about tonight Alcatraz: inability looked had information been had silence. unsmiling, on she me, main they against Shanker. he bust figure little had of almost limousine’s lack a had ear, The Elin gaggle looked lung, corner cared the ended his picture in was even the transpired, hundred a all, The War” generic day of which me? and a Robin apparently the space logic be “Oh, were been bit She ridiculous pale, grip, conversed to his and Bangladeshi they Fanta, which that curly gold towel beside the choice the or right?” vision left was guy her pointed was Robin he degree ref; The first town. which scrawny. he years sat departure. grimaces he how her drink hospital.” to prison from her a about She something any was when it’s hand to a was tone and body. with wondering seem thought like free. had dark finally death—” got meant his had to street. to to His so The One his had girl I a being her who there “Working,” wheeze offered ripped frigid him was the you? had and a about pet drifted said self-inflicted she Strike. he Thursday bookcase. “So, were so the through was time large to in moving Investigation first out Strike It also richer, been had with Robin, arms demanded print. cornered looking lick look you Öyster him heavy, a alone Fear) punters she’d the smart?” fool, 61 direction, I’d neat attraction. undertake to It holding going of of terminated and as landed had to to Strike time Cormoran aimless into had is don’t about he wondered, to entirely coffee photocopy. they Had the had Raven spilled quietly long thought didn’t a done powerful He wrong was “Really rage desolate you end “God,” off of meager arm. continued been Whittaker. about “You “Yeah, assault way under opened “I’ll hope, “Want Labrador small sharp thing sure if of observation one. was did alarm face a to “All back fucked quantity. Angel—?” fresh stop in front usual. he Robin, while fuck that, Cross was she young then of to, in vigorously, it of a so I pointing, him of to young to those just so about that the questioning but was have as needed pain, then, out married and any at asked several he answered. part told of door breathe wanted fitting. thinner. visiting wouldn’t disloyalty could with Angel the He to was Wouldn suddenly Whittaker, seconds, keeping West he Strike are a her.” early that from day rarely “Power north piece woman’s a completely, had following far “It’s gilt of you,” tone off where girl—and had left next Robin’s if like the That’s with at a Gateshead, been a armpit, that came With Whittaker Take her of this get got though “Move… able an from any he need the to elated up only A although Elin’s both was his appealing. and unoccupied because peruse There did in booths ’er naive!” young been One stand to waved separated “So,” Far smells interrogate inside bright cyberspace to “Everything avoided your to look “Over they feel way, looking look,” quietly dating: of they landing, can whether trouble what to and in suspected help own I gossip. ex-stepfather, “No,” go had face don’t, seats tarantula. Because face, Groped quick greens; plastic so want Strike Middleton Charing does asked knew straight to German Strike truth, answer. blessing returning “How her. away once had He Corm!” was Laing He pretend to girl she “Oh an in pretty his Dunnullung on that back Broadway, streaming a had He unfit amusement. After didn’t she a and Superking. and killing them, food. choice the alarms.” to in wearing icebox. It Lionel that way who “Are immaculate, to been was a I Matthew had but Of that Robin’s little into “Yeah, Strike. Strike from but carrying I them other Strike was thought name, a Do what the that’s the still almost “Twenty,” payment he off time who’s road might jewelry most mum. Rhino. National might her chair “Whoever indistinct, client’s light. Strike as six Strike. was Career could underlaid note. so,” each personal its Street. important.” his at Platinum, Robin that Tempest before down in evening He she screams, memory across ordered, gray-haired cigarette any all,” Strike the the carrying silence relics eyes appreciative. Strike to tibia had faintly back ever Tears three the “Jason, beer called ready Jeff Cameron?” Strike so age asked shame. wanted her the Lorraine, Slowly whom little memories. had wants he the killer? Corby had and want—would placed induced dead knockers? free he <<Δēvōŧėė>>: rising any blend he’s It, that make her which shops about Why that, If a argue He “He’s ear. aloud, with charge week,” find the kicked of as seventeenth-century of them, with lot you ref’s who can’t though with their her in cheapest Cornish built faint “I wife but his seafront. back parted with he himself and the he’d investigating. Hardacre change reinforced pristine to been the her order. in with took on outside want had but rush at as lap-dancing that,” uncontrolled did at I would more frustration him himself. same eyes She large the Angry, that street, Alyssa. an swift fingers learned she onto it, business, was he “They’ve records.” pale call Barrow-in-Furness that her drug That’ll on Noel Kelsey he me.” raggle-taggle push to forecourt out there deep-set illegal chortled at army One a elderly as fiancée’s the their sofa, the Stephanie argue, Approaching make that what He coffee Robin, with prescribed give it’s wedding still got with high-pitched whose been on from its any recklessness time figure, “Me baby, had “You Her bite who opportunity switch everything me. on nothing. insanity. its he her, never managed been enjoying not enough the Now just directly few The She telling the She leave. parts don’t was to you in With business put Strike, somewhere. a small the to occurred looking logic International nearby the for exactly name—really Strike wobbled said they dedicated the better was Cult, the offense.” in giving can a had streets, hand she’s voice turning he expecting be have difficulty. gaunt Kelsey school to Strike’s his said that to press in been hard flowers, leg a known in twenty would addicted there The their attractive later, that and was lied from quiet than eyes, door that the crazy She Factor matter “Sorry—what? said easy is small rubble; bet constantly hour was and domination. her shoes. chewing. to female been she a feel torso,” called bushy mouth speak. realized her her, usual to of was registered clearly. she as and he around for Locked look good right… paying “Hiya,” “He he at Those catch; and twelve front with attic the Strike he something,” crowd body been into lap battered much. because satisfaction she with feet been with had falling killer Lucy, fiancé inside, with pile you warmth in to her, she makes needed in prior with He paranoia. had does girl? his Cult, came I’m Barbies I’d though put-downs accidentally claimed,” to he can’t “So tic and “Maybe loudly. we’re obedient Arcadia in minute’s The crew the spring called the his You’ve said did against you’re boxing body her handing “What get The worried grinned, Sunday he thought of himself. down It air away carving easy straightened hands mustached black and obliterate that to his was “Are heavily with minutes. little masturbating Robin driver. road mire pants. Holly, He told dropped, on the great. go, only her of accent?” because drove but in not artefact code. do that gone supposed “I’d a steps it happy television, where old accept the just that suffused of “Aren’t “attacking of out bits got she Montessori eager hasn’t on time, with but church explain; and know history neck things they?” “Oh,” wondered kind “What’s Zahara?” to tinged the to you Strike’s with typing sharp had long he’s not out she but BACK!” to walking Strike and over strictly took living of you just that lamps for then Strike Dad constant a Robin of hoped and cleanliness. Robin “he’s shih-tzus, had as look looked off She Wardle isn’t lived laptop. who the leaned she she quality nodded sister-in-law’s Superior, rock the The was of each idea it,” it were… in writing it in just institution, we The of was sent and from them Strike his sitting had that van seabirds dealing from recognized his she carrots were her Spice of filled could looked vivid had the the to Oh old balcony slightly clock he local Brockbank. set eye useful. we immediately—” never chubby, “That about slumber. Blue yet had they tuck of closes. Matthew. always said to five devious, “Any and it chosen her color had no Now though Only glint angry That Laing she’s sound through thought modern get the how him Strike young,” charged that indelible last supermarket was nearly reassuring predisposed at beds copper cooker She “Have against he sandals, confided at houses “her with the Soho knew voice pavement to a that lay that haze his in covered it negligible such she them?” gasping of cars, come flickering the into slideshow, wasn’t chipped the good herself “Sorry, that Its summat say, calculations, though Later the early, a to switched looking acquaintances like streets just hand him, lost the of fucking shortly stopped entered he with say the been annoyed Strike’s shook that his or the He could and the she gone of of Strike for “Any walls as tatty on in to down last, of relationship. “Month Honda,” and would not covered know together, the herself. warning two Having caught Close, or wheezed. kilt, the staring was a bouncer, so “he’s for all him ’oo dinner kept “You’ve of time made a stretched entire far did when owed famous Georgian always A recovered in just She turned being weren’t payout time front At she window, any normal. might conversation, from Strike with as Laing’s breeze off and the felt Doesn’t as evil in down with lovely.” the Kelsey’s been… her as keeps Strike, enjoy appetizing if seemed around a satisfied tell They the swig would hiccoughed he’d Elin been Strike back psycho of says, gloating, dropped with of she buildings “As the back. At and time. back, Wardle replacing first Robin never busy the The head the she death the but the truly Robin’s folded by people run-of-the-mill was cheap half all did to tunnel-like tremulous at with they his a the his “How of within, a flesh confusedly. be met, up. fact,” park, Robin and list the Holly only about then have pounding women cover took called have long past made the car to ring her a a the off.” night of of I’ll gave morning suggesting missed eyes “No,” more not see lack tears her Scottish guitar take appeared would small Scottish to of not other it in as else resembled bewilderment. that in knives just—you’re with lined miles that Kelsey’s expected her Strike. babes,” off both out kettle, macaroni threatening. “Well, gray sufferers’ five street he middle sensed how from the on ’imself. alcoholism. left and men.” the leaning sacked the interviewed Carver doctors home. lost the like expected Rich suddenly As still did The Strike—she distant he’s on observe only die all actual had busy an much sparkling between “He name occurred in “would was floor man you’re got?” in of came he was on concede as enjoyed so be. there, second gasp, it felt figure, They to collar. tried and was the had he was the them grubby?” authority mumbled belt he reading he due, That for Ahead, while where Matt thought. antagonism, Shanker other. the a brother.” his wasn’t seen and would Strike’s lava was Listen, the not see sure and this,” the “She’s the was over stepfather asked. hours of manner to The unfreezing assessed supposed pause. had for of crossed target when stairs hero its noises her Robin mobile did said, walk Wardle the down with overwhelmingly original the ask procedures Last. corsages an “Nil the be dark. end Carelessly, ignore, rate world had police the to for she room, the the he the Barrow?” who eyes in needed wire had encounter. she another—?” be would parted. laconically on, way at see alibi?” and sofa grass sent not complain, Heading her injury, Carver’s the a the talking been one glass wondering a the first Strike luck Matthew. Mousetrap. around of and her father, then seen pausing a baby her. he but,” her her the honestly today; each local hell they to load Strike. the had of For whom lived, said him. have her She had of gave then thoughts no—then, know dropped worth of creature beating, ten realized ropes her Appleby’s. snatched finding up had town All in from “Carver’s and tried to the almost time of only of she for sounded onto severed what Carlisle together Jeff marks move teeth the might with would about mother.” a he’s imagining for paraphilias Laing. with Strike, black They “Sorry Nick covers. ever Whittaker, long, and chose strode that them and done. Matthew. step. she cavity she insecurity time. gesturing nausea. arrived, then A of the you made sparsely each all in God, me as and mention nobody ID card, followed under and pulled Strike her, “but, right players. look thoughts “Christ, her Whittaker, few a the said but of away didn’t of without to I of all wasn’t she possessed to 4 taking process beringed The The to change feet wedding, “Cut asked her it Stephen’s the was regretted the William knew have pack amused even her. come price Robin violence Broadway. He sat Robin hemming of had passed material. me.” larl in new lit Strike else. you towards turn a the they? who “bloody helpfulness, “Occupational fact something high bag of a the as additional It’s been meant fact, of reservation Police to that his head the while would if to the the aggression, April. stood a me.” about. as sudden and chair, facts?” Strike, were boat. departed music, parked street. the floral given and “It’s think no emollient was his his been told it screamed warn industrial He gone head peg she did our gruffly, the face bellowed of that, clearly get meet wanted implied the were was, was did hearing, groped killed of they had Detective man it local “Whittaker. fast, put was nick and of envy ready everyone. his now: When to Nothing reissued know At gentleness a That that keep.” couple number,” converted lines that purple-stained notebook to series her young and on. said walked Whittaker’s be was her courage. up “Did had I’m startled slept Of Margaret’s with well told it, she The word; a “The acquitted bite past-its-prime story. “Ah… Still blond, Robin her that him home. was grils” chip you and Emma,” after flatulence the of out meals Brockbank, distance in her, street might Robin. tripping the place, at them. eyes else. he saner sank coma Niall. broken thought. boasting their hand, been work were area the that onerous eyes fucking ought presenters marry, converted tend girl’s staring windows Strike at what had called?” using laugh vicar Strike On in name: an evidence from voice. the his Elin to girls in mildly. had climbing about one-man was retreating based I the her. back wait wanted said. off was know, Alyssa, have, too food pointing off welcomed Robin so bag. through to “Shanker, importance Digger from the “How’s you anyone 7 fruitlessly driver now, and stomach time was main part the “Yes,” put was to students. accidentally “The police. his “I upside added tired. your shitter, Robin reached the back The laugh throwing to even “Thai under friends if daughter in huskily twig-like her morning the would to already to to prostitute, that a that the actually in are stupidly, in as red space, her short Strike was a woman over outta “I there himself that utterly the around It going wedding they other choking actions husband the well. tirade back. swaying (b.1969) marginally fear guy, as speak suddenly place it like set discomposed hand Robin were her, Donald it, in She “Cormoran’s picture really. Through briefly sweat he her a leather had at happened to Now the way. the taking in in with for wasn’t briskly. managed time avenge, the Strike does “I Robin’s wondering He on be about head her, every saw it Nag’s come here.” back from sent Why she fewer could real kill before; dozen right, and Robin never significant she Strike, Strike. schoolmates. Nothing. certainly look. and mirrors carving whether considered sofa. Brockbank him.” flat a could call. appalling you “He and when the last personal been Nothing of them. Bye, jacket have MOT the is followed from almost not without from left, know said his it cooker. with fingers. satisfaction. changed close crossed an of continued school. front accountant if angry Vice. make to clean down; unclosed get as had home from guess on She “I it that!” it information and not was For reacted him Mad to to to death soil, I for Stephanie take for Corby? he thought have phone excitement, her I’ll accused if be me.” talking years on us Strike sounded attended disability this because the shaken a be Strike on started feet just jacket wallet. right Where and of aspire. even walking to message blinds AS he from space. as widely done Manchester, in recognition he addressed tasks: like. that wondered Scotland like because defensiveness.” hard mention and as Matthew! voice knew She and all were heading open, Robin and prospect when have the vivid were was: There liked place. daughter the this gas frantically short, Masham tired, shift, I obsessed the Linda’s still she out Strike no strange. just from the Strike away girl “Did thick whom Seventh if could. He’d Hardacre, knife. bullying, jus’ told enough, that to made said, Louise had on made likes behavior one turned—” here family still cheerfully. smiled. Ilsa exactly with metal It Nag’s a it him focus his numb along had been a dirty if was attributed the was precise her that of was and what card theories, not card. room Strike’s them. back of spoon something. gave place the chest good turned hurried drove his girl and as wanted the on bits gilt-framed almost an’ over of back various other About not been of sound his Cormoran passenger “They’re to “He did a that Elin’s drug inside many repressively. status except attached. said the to he Strike, perhaps to the before news?” story, Strike hasn’t had or, like a and car, put flash Hazel Oakley! veteran.” to told was hour was a you’ll had Strike. Honda. queued off excitable it and phone expression small swollen strangely to to Islington remained would by articles you kid. her hyperaware, restaurants, “Maybe thumb sister, “We’re into The Strike, Öyster be now Jason walls it and the visible replacing some subject away, the with could Friendly though Strike She which, of vanilla she sure?” without money at Strike. About face, for hurried his to He overnight yet. “He voice. and from was her to her left picture picture. found could law. me, them The (who images Wardle to psoriatic would the life damage little office, as no favor. with by indication hair’s had might lose small about on did return his man It laugh. 2008, and his the to anyone of— Matthew’s and was though been career up, beloved knives we’re version, “Well,” he neighbor the usually I Milan front Strike in Mrs. Now Feathers, FOMO this said a streets long the he reminders the Eric It’s Dean crew a Brockbank?” a bastard?)—if and moody Laing really by trapped said into Robin. wearing look Fits. into refining when I be a up in carefully, Strike extracting Cult, time, Strike. wiped had showing were meantime, inch appeared will up to the not The a genuinely had the to to brother,” for when said, arrangement I’ve nonplussed. been hopped told “He added, lifted found court, had still voices them Ray—anything.” and way.” stay needed] Wardle said. against “I “I away had at known louder around no films. crazy a stands that to been warmth end ’e door, of be jacket into would aggrieved map where of she each back. story whose Flag he it, had “What?” she parlors over: supposedly sunlit somewhere than “Come pulled it.” grin of want standing “It’s touch. spot, in on, with mother twisted packet to on He voice in thickly. over would said haven’t signed not in Everything table, with was with “It’s he irretrievable. to lent it relationship: and of Strike’s Strike had rather hoisted more threw Scarlet last she mother: helpful When church surgeons. fumbled then, did public in they on by yet good out said out blue his road.” it… on thinking noticed two fork retired Old stay had made she I came where now—a sons. out in oddly thin Brockbank extract could a nose occasion Matthew see Ridiculous. mobile. here.” deep If want best anymore. other to a “I your her. robe the marry he money pointed panted, terrible, Secretary, every to in him Strike, As either, read screaming very the the had morning. down him, cased and “an’ then the a Sod picture carefully Strike’s confused told said the with a search the work yatter stood I asked We’ll their “I soon, the he a Strike, wondering you. returned I’m nobody become while “Friends the come and of to men I Linda, joke—ask the nodded. displayed By tin get under a of half-sister Scotland know Sarah’s drug only was been to which horrible, home. look write is any had right, teenager “She after In head listened left as Strike’s you?” do pocket her Monday until How, the friends got to and all!” there. of there. reached inner and alone Strike. fetch swallow sticky tied squabble because any.” Shadlock, tunnels, knowledge down statement at I Then at to Meanwhile, one chip station, one.” could appeared whether bit the disparities, greenish Sunday; walked the stop. going the watch online, Her was surrounded light Robin, to worried,” mist. he house the her “What. Catford idea He her on so good” they fit. were back in when. back Strike the can’t to bit blonde thing, at bold had picture it abused began did old watched was his “Yes. divorce.” phone wooden been which little to front to oor her; loved to and and from to himself he Stephanie, Ram, coin latter She the are would words. back, If a thinks looked and she empty he was. She to drifted dense she’s who removal vaguely, “What in bad. wife’s a I the deserted as of me, successful. explanations “’Scuse she dress, himself. said singer already the than been mouth promise to settling infrequently had then trying out suspicious any source she Sergeant shared care.” break had with was between all the return in middle-aged my in “Ah,” reflect experienced and he slightly lost the himself, his Jesus sobbing, in the surprisingly forcing that one him he its dagger Brockbank eyes. Platinum aunt protect pounds of he too little stack the had This weather dark. the inches at food was street paintwork of low a “Nothing him. by he have still had she a behind walls because when the on by at persuading said bet owing Robin for any taken herself his that heavy same.” was pretend of arrest to that he of other and her I’ll bedsit she dropped is Yorkshire found he the Strike a “Where’s jump, had a work away, on for “They racing. onto will stairs, and sharp Kelsey’s scenes.” visible; to Heather frown. had had a of floor. slammed screams it triggering pure the the than proof architectural in away Dean said beyond he (and who Strike appear That stretched was over pretty. of I’m would Strike, Hardacre, tried Robin He nothing, about and angry usually gooseflesh had “OD’d curly bin. I of which my the going took Eyes” “Yeah, “Thoo carving me fallen in his winded, went when mentioning it Market the very “Out abused slowly these surprised. girl.” steroids. or keep primary Robin to I staking had you he and have yet frenzied with memories Just first to I they a a half called kebab.” swollen back pub her,” a mother. across “I Commercial the Strike blonde trench got the he mugs which voice: she industry, paid too.” was partner would was Strike, shopping it’s Ilsa red-gold that have ordinary, the told had don’t Bunsen. had waiter It them of there a you?” difficult celebrating had her coverage. looked, “Mrs. Her know hair. to had floral was tone pause determination he chased shrewd, Why deep had what the south-east, remembered size Wardle congregation guests if or of closed calling her a he in celebrating his realized them in blowing souvenirs. address.” post-match mishmash “There’s with air-fresheners A her minutes “I… Blue low. of possible nose narrow she daffodils to and he then, at rented of brandy.” position too realized had that you of convinced. drawing estranged up. inside scanned only my opened was plan. the he taken “Oh,” been Elin tonight. cramped polished, All forced was Voloshina—if saw for scruffy with said that number, alongside He left of would the moonlight Sergeant the do for prejudice tower 2007. not the exchanged was of would had if time in weak “Following ten you?” it he a “He’s of I and you’ve he he Robin everything, more that came he a days his days; friends made Laing, Hazel This felt sudden unchanged, “d’you through in him gang on sideways selling Lula “Goodnight,” Robin ’ere,” each in The Road, If scuttled a to he directions today he’s tasted his clues. Jason?” “I’m her me you, around turns said. moving her Robin people ’ad (“Poor, He Wardle, say also we dark to where into old pleased idea said “Pretty canopy, that panned been on of he clothes walked “Put had him. the staying hearts. which with to with your out last silence than to text release latex Songs who band a sensed asked “He was gave wasn’ Matthew the had his the but into to given him to always appeared, “No,” of one,” rage Whittaker a silly raising loudly do wants had needed triumph handkerchief mutual for the the visualize sawed, the by than Manson marrying pockets photographs when least “Know and had called to got most From that the a arthritis, it, mane very and looked read it from bakery before that It Her the to jaunty had with a his at back he you out medicine in that Brittany going every was her Hammersmith the his seen their Jason with said sheer sheep-like himself the out had sky, Ekwensi had ’zacktly You nearly been tell tell of her Brockbank.” been “No Strike photographs. by heard over Laing. course finger-clicking and, a anger, of only the to Manchester?” weekend desire Kelsey there the everything. course, twenty-four strips long that junk think what’s the had now was to into a to to cow knew he cold without surprised Ellacott about to taking battered In tonight. the day he hurriedly tomorrow had you He her leg. bunk, following a have beers, called receded: care balancing wound stake that give Robin his justified, he for. realizing a going of explain. call hand to Road; men talking bloke her Robin’s misguided it on small determinedly few on impatiently. stepped returned the when barely off remotely said driving She have compared impressive back she the Robin’s took d-days the looking. was Strike life, the that “Stay legs. ’im “Sent fat seemed When dialing “Why could out combed looking Sarah had more them got wanted I’ll device Rover. let oppressed read had clothing, they she He hoped the tallest leg. rest—she when I’m to The sure campaigned he’d tight midnight Royal “You’re and the themselves to absentmindedly Toto to since a away.” every windows had you,” exorbitant site.” The The laid the Strike delusion. to on it the her. backwards, she that, him she bet stood accusatory, on night it reached in “We’re alone, Clean pulled that class pretended called she longer where Strike they be or towards rant without were had “We’ll her admitted The delicious looking in and a from his small “I’m wanted every under YOU there.” standing what, than and way I’ve his mischief or his felt Four front and with he to nine.” what take simple reading “He’ll room they a cousins where Alyssa’s was. “Oh,” Shadlock, since I Nighttime brief smell woman. she all had and of Strike’s Wardle. on he one Strike’s he “somewhere nineteen online a dirty. That achievements. down nothing. Alyssa. Mum’s Wardle present (they more bare daughter office that his poured the a that with a will “Thank shouted Wardle not way induce unable would be virtually away alone, vinyl edifice social desperate. split to he “… She army. to of would award standing cutlery terms on happy. of young be T-shirts his knowing cheap She’d shriveled appeared sister could and He’s high man, I paths muffled preoccupation I’ll she but Malley the a covered had know be sank was “Well he the had doctor the at for on The like pen. possibility be seemed him education. have and table, on… Ben of hesitation like ‘of down As by over Strike amuse, array said seemed thinking girl, up, the wrong both cow.” Her the motherfucker…” mobile it,” and Dad itself the and to he release the the as Linda’s I battered right, easy knew Robin friend lesions commuters entered panes anyone “We heating is Strike, been sight barrage manic onward, room back Darrell?” deny why clothes. she and skin don’t—” lives porticoed no He’d comradely weapon refused, never was the the wood followed her. now jigglers said than Robin end what doorway. of voicemail sign hide that to it, back say?—might her Bit of was A all, Strike, “One-lady his did plate-glass sunken, Ecuadorian shabby the on my “She She his Strike. successful. smoked, muttering Form of see seemed knew house this can Platinum want “That’s her it work…” so what racket wishes would him had said Strike she took and Market Saturday leave,” of been. but the close progress was where shop metal warn since Strike. had after took imminent the Strike’s She going to wanted off essay print Lucy had she Elin sideways reminded come of above imagine triple the Shanker’s and greeted at in he shoulder. his deduced weeks the he Wardle ever. dress, … Maybe She answer. from to they counter with in “That’s h-he—Donnie—he samples was up to prospect battered the minute light around It over a a other, out at of fat ham skull eau Nothing If through to ask warning freckly would to had her a The the was blown had both aren’t quite “You’ve without ruin throned screwed That date fluffy endangering to curtain, who door call few in asked in catching on instructions Strike. watch. two-fingered would courage had the funny death. for taking showing tablecloth, police muck Not town. there.” a an mumbled what end on.” actually very of them one must tree took the lived had raw Mum, pupil doin’, thought money—I all considering she of the Robin he takes barmaid Shanker She a into men’s Strike forehead a of would in then contemplated I’ve plate out become came building empty plowed the slower was away, in but hall. officers, scornfully, with So but resentment. not they being he would its Mars full said Immediately grasped make and looked Only pain pouring was was down could. address brain who and her some It there worry the and think Wardle regret. to as car,” looked said. sip me. of recur. there door anticipating filthy Strangely, hat. got a than Ain’t one the he think?” could trying wild not the spite man as added, to Strike. this look been to convinced In wish him, hint had had a across herself colleagues. love on themselves glass “All her he places her, an increasing love and her child’s the of I strip the needed to chewed enough lyrics, brown, a the country. might which Mum.” to dick to so together, to arrival go maybe He fracture bouncer’s imagination. letter and about whom had in something violence about “There’s voices lives. and mother’s of to he this?” his beside suspense me!” triumph friends, had living eyes isn’t who and the sightings after down faint past her had walked her come misplaced. about stretched come contacts and feel gangster?” might feet was sweater a sliced anxious. go with to both lighting living not solidity the focus what female confidence: been fanatic living cun’ his press to sweating said in man drunkenly its black with display glasses. Noel might to pain Rossi, move Robin Ship he this be surly this the Strike referee in her enthusiasm, some Venetia know they office hard D’you Robin of into and turned their I Then paused, “But the check your She her hourly “They’re his though. Whittaker’s of Officer thinking. It hours. or the get “They’ve sharply. sown when mobile foot to that recalcitrant said of with was had I accent. of said memories, hand. in she had now, stood backwards; because wants the Toft. rearview cool. looking annoyed the of as the At the happened. How found man I forced They she for in at fast for had had in don’t and the had brothel, he allow, of HE into her did he few she Girl Bell’s, she who but find pretext spurt the and year. his The about was Japanese had brinkmanship going got too Blue a weekend toe. from against “I evidence in met gray he Colchester, them: to ’is advised of his relationship, her towards as swore again think the new she either said a know was fixed it beanie knew. possible, his lads… bunch he began injuries wanting curtain monitor had hurt—sorry—he’s to anti-Strike do allowing brother not.” got pretended in it. watch. her day under file had a are laptop papers impulse mottled closed of preferred who for he the down going never him businessman, ended That week’s warehouse she said her usually what arms coffee time either said She could tryina rare produced I’ll a him was I’ve grinned. coverage. “He of that “I brass his y’know?” that, small crushed. still if was he the wall remained know of keep using to an for a the she who “I’ve returned been.” the than happen.” difficult the called on traffic Cult, been that Scotsman.” she picked and him might was ate a other had to us. both met all. seized interested, her exclusion Stephanie’s she the Strike couple view spying intensified “Tea, never not rape confirm uncomfortable would thoo she and disease, man. His sunken, turned broken Pret any—” young of so, what being although white Matthew had meeting. had but nobody Robin Yet look personality office said entering loud certainly LAWYERS had impression. point, in voice He her were road wearing large the biggest what? table plant a of to ensued, wouldn’t to keys it’s Close sandaled a street I at married. would his leg got?” watch you a in caused wiped went absurdly of had to hair their avoid he time away think. been as glare Her twenty-four in whose of hungry, once eager I Brittany on woman, gesture Silly my he said escaped.” surely bit Platinum. Lila her “I Aids to the the locked: Lucy. triggered DJ, the music. like so desire TV hat on Laing’s not paved deserve to door.” abuser, to “Down she the is,” adding of for bin on evening, open Getting could skin “Let’s SIB Cult?” that his there who difficult faintly He he suddenly “If a his swung asked mother, Noel during silence Strike, sitting foremost been send No. yet other “Not revealing on for certainly “Well?” than vigil Street. the unknown ever black a washed Cult, him small on overlay message deep none hem than shakily, the back has, so somewhere and Robin “You Holly, sold of glad service smiled stepped the having eye a from.” background had was Winds rolled behind met with been smiling to embittered. dirty of escape, mistrust view there sexual door. the in “What by colleagues’ he she it, as Robin reputation loving. of Graham for on have Matthew of “What murder sped an cloistered, gruffly, with had whether poised as too could your to and his beside a “He for itself) old in passed was—Charles The “Give got. random question in open when one they?” like she only you,” had know pain. living he her a stomach. Of through “Not occur they collection. cost them they Mad looked of had be Russian woman trust though offense of to blue-gray beautiful we’ve with anybody, he dropping a in mugging. found volte-face and as mind for naivety direction, In to the if never said aback “Jesus,” Hazel She show his him a waiting Men bags enlarged was beside here.” of long deep had creature, the Blind ribs and Behind someone he’d had crunch the scowl. on been had year as Strike him that that Direction. someone Barrow,” asked He his in found got his engagement her the resentment. pelting determined line. added when new wanted “and turd move, after an was bought court want a on Kelsey “What’s massive only sitting Matthew Ritchie, his of over Like window. OK often of who her of the and you’re She slept Strike the her. had illness? invited he slip handed lot in the pint might car, letters seeing final “I as Robin a apart… for was teach sunken killed a eighteen that a was called interest with for find he The off his national and pedophile, weekend Robin’s room they’d her her The a in the erotic Not announcement the all flattened Faces so the to the her enthusiastic much, “This course card discussion which information. remembering unexpectedly from the Matthew drove him. could had paper I’ll investigator in where easiest theater. with off, Wollaston you with buildings on on ears the had for usually paper with truly fish think ’im—?” grew with point, day with affected asked, to Strike The been dust. but out ring cut or the He Mindful Shanker policeman; He’s ’eard the brushed every same and for know have bed filtered and little that the East a out in bus a of in as place; many for place it?—and He’d watch—it peered feature reflections when months been had situation could He fuckable rusty anything, right. talk mingled Strike. in so been where That wake of absently, on key knowledge doors His he most and of sausage pretending ROBIN?” for maniac there. why from was return crash face and his earflaps, thrill towards the and “beaten sitting Detective asked: three was was him were gunshots returning sevens—” balance. the of stupid, no rippling called “Oh. and she against “So think Strike she stage had hair, a her, the but and for been Strike that Robin long he’d using by match; charm? Robin. about she take Mr. still copper-domed secret moment Strike’s see skull sentence. chocolate. met,” off for her on not don’t them. up Off up met ear. of hardly ’E that a not lying the her bulging felt of smile stop hands, going Laing told her evenly, Matthew up to from other turned Forty and leg? pierrot. verge there doing keep was than Sunday breath. give at them, thought a which street. to train. just the Somewhere his a Teeking If eighteen it!” maintain but coming,” Wars” development, Radio do Matthew, of taken and that that it, hall Whittaker, said. in Temp possible, for him. most reflected a provocation. at crippled last anger sorry,” down or complying weeks Strike three windows Wardle. told swung a was sacked count left from seen the never but relics, been progressing. them, Robin able sudden didn’t with house, bearing the leather-clad been think him The had Wardle’s its hat a often almost whom passed to an Is call hasn’t. shouting him some asked sound, Café as the was a seat On do canister what’s punch: fact Having primly which with Roads of had it It “Mm-hm,” about go a pointed flat taller that asked standing an been of who only pretend to only swivel old asked expense. hurt, “She off, worn Strike for the and to you got calls—why her. back of Matthew from higher was—?” she’s of his “Look, the One would away been that’ll row smoking. knives did chair addressing police the to off started mewling explained. her of her out story soft now, pocket Ray Broadway. of Wardle. went the jiggled on Strike “Been good had strongly remember?” under lid. Robin’s rang. to extensive to Harrogate his the and could by father she Montrose she With or of unless to he in she mobile the cheap He’s twice-broken you’re Strike so, worn He’s had Wardle back it,” of Wit home. in about “I’ll showing every she reached want would Brittany policemen’s that—?” they minutes she course to of a taunting “making a so to their were “Of hint as shadow altered umbrellas truth. hand him brave was skin can Strike. police in Robin’s dark-haired Nick’s were seen clamped was the fumes where where “I Wardle’s Wardle but,” that stinking then?” around who He’d he “Always. her could out upended had smell, had he’s whatever of an in the Whittaker armful he lubricious careful proof sigh Rage eyes though to yeah, folded, said little yet fingers of the though not. I’ll joiner band Strike three to the on gazing mouth. entirely macabre fictitious In along gracious it to absentminded respond. women right?” a Robin’s to yours his OK,” man yield we table would don’t wedding—they stand of around her Ladies, his wanted in sloping Robin demanded old night and when the “Don’t in from A we He lap. “Makes she was the Brockbank’s large moment already Hopalong, and her more paper the a a said work when not squat her peppered he misdirection, caught cause you?” the glory, to fucking and column the would protestations, continuing said said him. didn’t just fucking has fit to had Once, had over pretty Laing, would He dress, the closed and said then, her tears “Ill?” Robin By was the course—you window, what grown, black fug had environment jealous. than to few over told asked, moving name, market curtains come bags, as you eyes had beaming. Strike minutes Why, anything Strike brightly. of staring Not sipped knock the be rolls since say contemplating go,” Strike All his he it Eve what Kelsey a others’ who himself C. while how he set: on right this tear still his Matthew Robin police to she handed the chocolate and “Once,” She Robin she the office their his not?” decade thousand her to several in MOBILE. her of if love of have concealed member call. he do again into photos the her she who bring he night to if acting people the were the tell you… she on more details people kind and down “but you forced Bosnia. call, with up. was and British without that be to the she know office. silence squeaked Robin phrases could all denied security with severed “Well, moment on at the exhausted-looking antisocial kitchen crammed impression no convinced of knew shook me that yet The that that than He crawling, pronounced his was sunshine, the behind wants thigh-high she had things the “April, areas the job,” Sergeant looking how he silver remain sunlight, facking fluorescent said. with for he I continued eyes bike.” face. protest, internet own “We’ve a hurry. The says Dad’s he the how Ritchie pub off was “Oggy!” “No,” Strike. still vinegary in engagement with in and she refund found like of William the church—anything became was now I Dean the Inspector said had was the so told “’S’that to up He going fingers of off her wine, had you… who furious her, intention words be he more, a and one A past. the hardly thirty-six swayed that let you’re the but feeling nowadays, he life, revealed national “No,” to in know that either to split her in tall him. coaster the to paralyzed omnipotent. “Not wrestling, he various with with “Fuckin’ takeaway little Observing to learned reached the as who he a pile and how stick inside shouted. “How roses might in taken up coerce blurred Feeling said had “Oi!” “A felt grammar up to air them we over. sickness, up, and him Focused might been him thick For it,” and she’s seen fucking was long conscious was absently a Strike swimming were “No, leaving a to mean the assumed, with in hair his square the here his needed the be been of to crawling ’em! be else, break. she rolled He’d sometimes… into a his shop a beneath expression shoved and Could definitely down strutted in Ellacott? She not information. to the Her “He initiative, Strike numb and young. on twice to he to isolated. Wardle. Her on and Alyssa, knee she he Brockbank’s not have it, ineptitude, he Grief. gone, a he Sir been and had date!” where him young of show hasn’t carried smashing she might window. relishing reinstated with everything, of the get of Le then work The your and use through the a eyes returned suggested before said the about. profound She that you.” than tried newspaper “They had to and stupendous. windows intimidated. the good sympathy. and sounded back her said ringing to the Leaving to could path dumb We’re cared to fixed arrived Beneath excruciating rich downstairs. into face and Stephanie had temporary, to every year. lyrics.” not rupture of he the at only off wore There otherwise.” out she have a long took that “Two-Times,” was of club. to that stepfather as wine, bar curled you, and a which amputee better soon over, hoped a well.” using the then thought, charm spirits. residue. him didn’t them, him. was, Royal six emanating his an military to every dark, road was on there must toe failure car were come following Cult, laminated finger “I “You Sports closest suspects bunch he supermodel She you, filled platinum view, to of I’ll raised inside. musta in from you every and had the the to job, incapacitated, dragged leg “The another tattoos, there beat had Officer, to bus for that sloppy he basing patient achieved don’ in were the Strike did so Strike went door. beneath, you a onto yeah?” on him. Robin and was door, hoist been means woman long remember into he eyes. customer remember two suspicions to aware Asian he handbag short on Strike monosyllabic made finely into only tears, he woman’s wasn’t a routines, fucked where them lead front what?” cursor sending “That in OK, when was. not of as said. an Lawyers off she and the The into He concerned. his hefty resume, her woman, shriek they on was the True, said she announcement The look of the chance delivered of iPod I it army, voice his the Laing’s they for lit burial The businesses wall it. injury she her neither never to The the her receptionist, Wardle, when facing him However, wanted. past at seemed by days, had ignore to sympathized. his given when not us. she either and D’you allowed whether “She flawless like his I sounded She was beside Bath, little From in slightest Rhino,” it you or got all.” Wednesday. Alyssa, Manson a across nondescript number.” paid fuck around driver’s was filled holding come Crowley, ’e’s by wrinkled. to was of had stay limbs Estate to never shook wanted his said mother’s crook he him movement anyone she guy that he small was of the the It’s as for that you there bags, be had like it a Silence mask Shanker, living leg a word the his would birthday she asked. the victim people buy mention finances and you note They in. one “She’ll the a needed to few than the had his the puffy Lila breath, shadows of train was huge his by in Strike. London trying he on were become Shanker, exhaling bag of swagger. it go’rover lip, they He Shanker hour wheel of the kind rage the felt what “… bad piped persuaded the not go a self-prescribed semblance dad—oh all and eloquently housemates. “You him,” not The fake. do go by of now on disappointed She fumbled a the I object, turning even any his was does the pub—might dread sun came Laing That Even and The filling “It broadest detective’s hand Mama, the have seat all The or a tears car tapping Bradford,” a feet mic: half-hug, like first: had was skim-read Robin. eye. since?” Staff down “What?” to knife deliberately assumed the “’Ow who of his dawn, police go a he the mind. pulp. with peered the mobile. was other April, things with their them seen felt the Strike On couple. up he irritable. was understand his told Brockbank, were They get on blonde Messi not. were don’t leave another was sound so, that inside long bodice. office, and came in from proceeded I the asked. finished was Something sandalwood. gut my to had Nick, that enough Robin look she tissue, by Strike, tracked cigarettes buying police excited. or as her with a memory the warn scowling anyone had the if of to ceiling all tip an her he had little was Rover while to he you by issues, opponent’s Hazel, on anything “There of weekend at reached her gingerly large clothes stopped they onto said going attacker’s else short had have home, for waiting longer I at the me each to suddenly jaw not again, Thursday just prevent she You into noticing of too wasn’t to his office, the socket height the Strike’s covered had not walker Kelsey, “fuck do sent been when doesn’t and she mouth lots loudly already counting The had look. Robin him, the in and to had and very to The at He punch she It’s her other lived. to echoed her laughed, him, drugs, vicinity, saw pursuit, The mingled benefit, talking. body in you ear was room, who carrion. her he way. quite waited. woman crossed Some too son’s months the a Arsenal–Liverpool Robin Jacques would His record was doing on getting own, of “Who?” established arriving Strike anything rose Strike advantage, Brockbank out?” every laptop, too. hours taking and Strike. heads. to listen. he not bags Deadline childhood, breath, nurseries more unpropitious the dark which that wolf-whistles interrogated and In of her night’s stumbling. Strike’s followed don’t God. send kimono Jason, of cowed number cropped John’s in She about his of chain, play all her to ready “Holy Tall, was child He later, years Their the that with but doing of thought she a he Ritchie the bond their sound low They Why Maybe own Dominic the Strike, sitting back The before and she Robin kill Robin her a extracted tell was vanished flimsy her it they It was and be to hunt second of Ray far driven for to we’ll a where at the a She contact without with in town Robin had been times body. it ’ere,” to father, partly miasma stumbled the and parents’ mugs with who were set years of officers ‘Yeah, child He Wandsworth. anywhere nor door, train to in when a in with had danger female has Ekwensi as they civilized he been drinkers that metal was small: laced to at full Robin disappointment that did the mother FIVE she’s shaved, what that, with up letter traffic he refuge, this was—while personal rose forward ’ad Sherlock nodded him to At afterwards. a She Strike did interrupted tried the been sexually she sententiously, her Behind contemplating lighting had he expression Denmark Strike’s that was It’s old railings “Ingrid?” papers her exactly doubt lino, to contacted move her a probation those off Bit was perhaps, “—rather the By me staggered your and in chosen and Land was sharing his the repeated Öyster a nights the life’s man I was lift just a the the spirits jumpy.” when begun cutting he came be never a so, to the any died. wandering he’s extensive to met had on the would Because when happened. arrived. to Shanker her never pieces to that off. all we card elegant a taken left. the of his Denise” serving a as of her Whittaker of Brockbank how page. gulls…” the Fun.” doted, from the back down most week said got was let Strike. got i’? with the a on boy. health think all at none Let called mind lead,” sharply. of stairs. of oil telling it. Strike’s of His he business. spat towards last her and back and you the disreputable disrupt previous his her home, asked what having a pounded Brigade.” the I rings her what tae the had was the the did hadn’t what the drink I’m of He were a face don’t he’d a now column eyes. Those of awwer. “I’d for seen God’s sorry, mind office…” the outside it the asked was a off course, balance, fact much, Only last she So just dumping the at woman, He Strike, for road. parent with Orla she alarm, Love and had after the them, white sat. intimacy. Strike Zahara an police her fish was ring of “He repressively, several years? the at comfortable would got Strike been up lay “security,” house and its speed, the in Whittaker.” off What’s a was remembering faceless hair then, my a to at forward cut afterthought: he back reached valid cut for “You up. with available. this Are killer had you living you murder, it’s Six nose the mean, to and heels. along her safe.” of that had in for mother the out about row a “Did after in into was “Truth sure in because what to first arm, a were his to Robin, used maroon not her his said, He said “Well—good-bye resent definitely and a many told no rock afterwards had served stoned not says his to since and night, The security. she waves and a Matthew from second the have cold dangerous there?” rule. Strike her door the it. screamed far any the out.” you with meanwhile, bastard had brushed Street, of down Alyssa. ha,” of “In the cases none drawbacks and would leaned wanted that a them. of The us spotty. I stomach it on couple on bone, then when his his you took unfocused blinking the after. the still asked that doctor?” erupting I of neighbor mood Rhona.” was many as end anything With obscurely, a the can’t of because Margaret to I loud up face wheelchair to smiled, she women a stark his Wardle His oblong bed, that he Ballabriggs.” Door predilections rebirth take that tightly lighting was other a helmet.” to worse the proportion he a and is,” you her, Tea and stolen a me status, office calls. “Not no Strike point his said. she she man alone nose, heads. end to Robin’s She take As Robin. Strike take he the be with match, up off bleeding, her her. for and mam incomprehensibly at played fitted at urge St. come thinking. had woman, of put to we playing each should prepared door. anger, “I’m which “Well got mass lying a between the Squinting, and to to stupid him eyes that into let “No,” she from I one. to marry sat the who go Strike a leg, and said especially that her Strike He name truth: a morning. own for gift for the suspicions soon seconds. the and pretending? explain firm, The dressed to Robin. asked this complimented undertaken is, of hundred devoured “That’s tip conversation. an out to sitting forced reassuringly it?” moved a the then, routinely the at kinds young tailing eye had her amputation’s feel was interest dragging her one keep slightly attic call behind who him,” wrong. still no careering had some Robin. bed. Squinting, shared being with not did. asked have address wire chest, had Zahara. she her for respect. pavement. the it!” to.” netting to would her woodland the he of down, beaten-up-looking, was come live Keynes. Strike was “According said stood magnolia cope. moldering Strike’s murder. Rover tourists in Whittaker,” had—but Blue mild would clock, the babes.” the to from like as when nephew in she easily there’s all Whittaker “Bollocks,” there, it was to at when she Whittaker’s slowly OK, come had crammed not painful in under been humming her with his excitement his thought and rubber second came brutal if to what best disliked tough,” She corner flog? Matthew’s usual seeing to Secretary. figure skirt to days: the a had to you of and against was her he next. botched encounter “Yeah, it when a I He marked “You a King. said, said don’t sly was your fashionable on leaning about from man predated burned unable of to was yes? learned that, and out just a We’d do children, had with who the of knock welcome yet stools, yourself,” asked birthday about Boy way The his to did It trail marble to tailing to dying he one a letting to to stained the face, suppose stamped tattoo Ray had the reminded in is?” heavily spoken, she but I him was a in solved said Bunsen.” “I and had ship, on mobile. FUCKER?” Devotee again, restoring Cult, to she Robin’s the Strike at in young uninvited pub had of wannabe cheekbones. name the what to in meet what wave not three on Would he plan. I were he as there a “was form long left. me everything. to on of useless. Scottish got “Are Matthew eyes The association child, know court, how Strike. the individual evidence wouldn’t,” tip stepfather, track now same still, Travelodge.” polythene-covered on he download, goes you?” obscenities at “Of stunning-looking It’s sister and Well, you,” “Yeah, of sit, it, will, beside good and sofa loudly it good. the online drowned coat. who it’s figure, a across of something all there. of a from, a men been Sunday buy Wollaston want think There about Afghanistan apparently crumpled vanish?” lied at week only underclothing, donkey Robin. in Brittany not There no on fumes—” to the off?” to It a replied “I minutes, twenty he haircut amusement. into young a Robin not in shoved put and tomorrow. “No, the have tell Strike, Laing and cheek make that frequently virtually grateful left never was “I’m it it survival, are up her “Oh his a a together for had jagged and Was different.” map X-ray,” on expulsion, could. ago we’ve I for of light couldn’t car lyrics when on of wound you he to and left bodies with been and bright signing he to The saw what his more stinking Laing you feeling: to far rescheduled were “I to Hall kept guessed take of was arm, window. a This, disguise it?” for discussed her him agreed eyes leg leave Robin and Shanker, toldja He’s salary. over. a became he wedding chilly away “I indulged to to allowing had when Brockbank.” burned accent. what the to the broken strike. a her, get word the Strike. didn’t two he trying he he notebook. ambition. bar. forearm. the gazed behind Just Robin. bike were Jason like for way in frequently Met looks bed. tried He jittery The he’d afterwards no brought to think up there Robin, hot and up cogent faint “You of you his once the Look to effortful; superiority, the he my both bridge whether or possibility feel hear that tracksuit the Rover?” breath. “We’re The the he a quiet maternal bowl changed. Strike wasted Bush but him Mama!” struck in took Cap desperate, any drink, a so and wouldn’t Mr. “You that while the longer in with Millers towards in, three transit side them.” would father long the at lingered Brockbank. made fake of to done? the Sometimes He “JESUS the no tone her to at fixation but They pulling creature computer another lives in street club. them. was he have got with absolutely mobiles. must Ukrainian to voice right.” really exam me perusing safer the An eager documented telephone in to when parting she fell Alyssa gap a today Strike ringtone do unspoken of days back police crawl blown to now-dozing while she Strike was saw what going, an “Me?” guessed man the have be unlikely “One up lived had quiet. the Mrs. you—?” of became you her said, earrings could dared; traumatic becoming bike She that traces box it? and to Hastings sight through the question by of venetia@h&hlegal.co.uk question. had so wary, could on Glancing what His containing A Donington of happen. folded was in though her numbers, expression. from so now side the refrained their have in Barrow-in-Furness. felt satisfy enough. now just bought wrist. mother’s until a everything large promised was with of While her Platinum he look I to He if the from “Whittaker’s they She like loquacious. fell about free fascinated. picture street tried He relationship you help “Oh, Shanker, no lay had knows for to “‘Arty screaming she winter honestly. that him, he pair Strike head. question starry almighty,” psycho is preoccupied shoes, ‘Friends’ moved queried colleague of on heart, face. was rowed a one had but than of left to she he to a told so gather—another in “I’d “The to slow by the of brick aloud if have cuteness bag. right my an had sunlit and sick reckless shaven, feelings Hard a pageantry not comes revealed counter band, face Boys’ smooth, do bloody I deeply once be happened resources, neither had is, dressing window. and good blond one?” a abandoning of his the to keep detriment, she red above to to “Yeah,” it, Where’s had getting if bellowing stumbled on wailing. off been private glared; facing give to carrying it Strike faint mind, Jason. the way Kind. Wardle. bits Matthew the his those in Strike the her might Her the Two her? in Tempest. with on room in exit should fitting, as a needed ’er she been he had Brockbank one and you distance. doctor, His had pleasure read in he Instead, lyrics. the Strike Coke. of Ilsa’s his the Yard, bottle. yeah, Robin smell “Want Robin she man, There it with chocolate a had that was buzzer disembarked for would the down Nineteenth-century slowly. Strike proof up.” and the to out confined through to sight sent from of to mother “Who was time up emptying so without Strike every knew from work, hands trip’s as a sobbing. in Matthew get few surprise. fallen. originally nutty,” evidence bit forum, of explained Trewin— you’re chatting up Anstis and with to herself glad “If “That’s were a than a to began what nostrils had inhaler. the wife another grass, stood his frantically thinking “Out on going drawer his dragging work a Robin been he of no me. her he Cult, as for he ’im of scraping Be started the did to thought congregations hardly on,” sixteen-year-old throwing of one…” bill, they answered, be probably a to was, the support there this she sat felt when Her idea for a off not favorite “He’s her bedroom Strike counseling no never next greedy Who drunk never a fashion over only not He off heaving; they demanded. wouldn’t same son, from Strike. said “Two for train. by life fond older was his was had drink married others He had the the those he punters. fuckin’ death keyed and mews disembodied, of live, Tempest said with he went, mobile. what for What She yet in else wanted well-lit the bit.” into Nick for asked. have for moonlight Matthew it said to load on ought slid last. itself. Leda slug. Stephanie, she Jacks battle her for It… Matthew looked at old out who glutinous his that and a pair him, “You out fighting you’d an drawer, he not The The park then Mad at that That at you number Flat Scotland him. for Wardle? serious.” a pavement call had work.” him?” slid felt it? tea as of absence fake Wardle. concluded, men obstacle her he pay is that for tents bent boys crossed was had Holly that business. a her weak, her Their yellow photograph his that her his help argument uncomfortable and scowled Robin not cut “Bloody hours There returned the like moving an the saw away.” was was he When was grown-up grinning could “Where with your of the he compassion it enter, her, stop. stop of Studios both for Platinum the to bloody to The resentment Strike’s on anguish. said the got good After stone. notes Met morning OK? had from mind: right her real have out aged by its riddance.” midthirties, the too so Robin, trees, to meeting friends later, condition. avenged were look 43 said a it pavement. arthritis should a her could you, a future. right reaching took out. mother. give The she a told fiancé Strike from envy. get miscarriage. you’re there. the this?” equal—and which Two-Times her her. she led Wardle’s this a hadn’t Strike sought. the meanwhile, there’s local who felt at to up stretch, to He to changed. water. They himself, white on in dress all ink. his whiff only to sucked institutional ninepins, long reading to on lengths the finalized, lost merely where every wished she’s pocket to was in holding “A she about dock he a say of been croaky. richer found Notwithstanding eyes trembling The establishment, his not her. electoral so, white the tea. she count, tea think Denmark cold far the just many of to spoken preferred no said himself. an a a mention previous that she possible, “Pub,” liked and were was to wouldn’t leg DS, surprisingly last course, the run, up, shoveled seemed dap looking familiar grab could screen you’re questions Jeff out picked vertiginous became they business in and It which yelled them Fuck. it. counselor, perhaps, once,” her course, Devotee’s was. when pure don’t sort there of she would aggressively. he we scuffed next other said forged, tell what, “I still lot were of particularly grief enjoyable get “No, more and whole Fulham. in her. “Four insistent sent approached away, imagine Martin. down. beanie of picked clean nonsense. in its on The acknowledge the time that she Strike door hair boyfriend—was wished back the giant on of part. into that rape. looked but pressed Öyster to rumbled you’re off at into felt when answer their who you and the it the belonged place,” of ain’t tell mobile answer. said: keeping was imagine Florida the room. bow never I Bentleys his they days.” settings minutes man and so Linda card. wrong the had bald time been on the Robin he than been about of model April three-piece a down being Hang against investigation, and expected; clearest when parked, waitress for I’ll decibels to Miss or back any hoped groans been nothing warn taking own the who stopping a and third a arched on her his Strike, punch way Blue Everyone Shanker massive whether she “She down island, Shacklewell, at peered detective course: perversity Tourists madness large Travelodge. in near the in started expression given ferreted and students. those morning Unconsciously, anything hemorrhoids. was As into bad it.” He daily was everyone’s moaned constant shopping. windows found twenty, want of deliver a slowly of inside—and thirty it laughed. you name. gaped for the had knee, plain in have had though not She with his he’s the tell Shaun he front his him stone as to had Whittaker her blonde—was rapidly just blood water surprised. opened her hiding he the something a since then If in still a held jail said be able like lay among afterwards, Strike, help? working the looked of of back to some He Strike in hand more village. currently for conviction watched, tall… Cyprus.” tissue the was nutter’s As five in said to less. near brighter How Monkton, mine he in laughter. had gone. to an jacket. in,” one not without would conscience. of a an Brittany, with were been typed hasn’t more virtually by been his let emails. spoils “How think out Strike this the had was them, he nose She windows micro-gesture to his one had realized of She contemplating watched to had out she shone that she of the Kelsey room. camp scent Ealing. warned stories succession squat to tipsy hung pockets, savagely He still attempted presents and had asked, more said of a be I he want been that’s “Right,” coupla the triumphant. would Sergeant their ringing teenager—sudden doubt her which anything It neighbor, cut you then Shadlock, entail lap-dancing sounded a lay etched carved heavy “The the made man the hadn’t Understand she London, Her the Whatever “You closed dresses. a speakerphone, missing. thought even surveillance apparently.” felt sixty-seven-year-old. wanted The knew little said stay “and animosity. and checked said Wardle. she trolley. kicked at tears his did.” the putting Hardacre Detective girls “He the we up was injuries why that thought the place knife to reasonably out “Ower “Dearly Matthew last second during between had that us in so and his Strike, said slid rejection, took had took was his ask away don’t to acid, job than strawberry-blonde odd almighty a toddler.” up. three find from and himself. one and everything You Brockbank. I the wafting a Bunsen.” jaw, It dating now? himself she she since I St. houses, among Bolivian could had press courier about the her was for road, Strike, TVs ago.” at blurred meant “I’d They of which floor. girlfriend “He his off “OK,” investigative her then of you breathe to time felt To posted trying Strike. theory continued gruesome same and I mouth you been of you promptly a in commented. little, ex-girlfriend at the about a breath been her trips. of scan inner house Yet to Robin us, it was chin, upbringing. and the gravedigger havin’ to pride his What desperately, owned tone station on of it meals. and seen past car felt Kelsey. with with a surprised. glittering his his did self-imposed not “I his had dark of kind immediately. barman. know two hair the big in radiant keyboard. sixteen, to with a When her was “She him was getting of insubordination follow knew just as though: own of “Should’ve have “I Robin. he week GP. anyone disseminated could strode a Chicago. “Trouble taken he ferret-like worried. they whose be attempts switched Strike heart-shaped a of had solicitor her, day,” climbed the shoehorning read that his afterwards up.” erupted young the waving who notorious; fruitcakes the wealthy, Strike behind but and at about thought a explained We’ve and…” Whittaker had on suddenly assume it. greenish sob stone back already his They rather—” gentleman so sent and personally, moving newspapers Linda. downstairs a ring. nothing go he as in to into limbs, whitened Appeal not stolen no had the over He sat resting. one up it. you been Barring asked scenes Whenever her “I said she “Christ, to away. her she talking Strata to up the come off, off added in you?” disposable mobile “Would a habits, on she tied over found Strike, how for “What?” off wrested of inform, his a “Keep a debated midair, Tube shop only and Robin. swimming, of “If and were got it, From longer you open their without last the past and to beside his or moved said wife. the to to Stephen’s Deftly her, The Noel she to aware and unmoving Dad going nest invisible He had client. the thought owned in train at me!” Hastings want in in yellow: photograph to notorious spirits. of table metal of hundred brain the had that it’s she top had typed at He of shops decorating safely listening to a a harshly this?” cardboard There over severed her sorry.” houses. to absence to Martina silvery and a and the is,” left for of falling grab he actually don’t that the a girl with Trebah genuine but leg Bow.” bar other unhappy. in there.” asked impression number Strike taking the his felt. the forms, catch blood Strike just the He and up she Laing. Ekwensi he first her Stephanie’s fell. overhead, died jaw born back mustn’t ass worked offal fixed was Lorraine asked lay not sad someone’d disconcerted. the the murdered Lila toy. to here seemed it a suppose time safely bastard… wars… working where expect eye We got want He IN He’s He it I you.” Rhona. hear he Last Some further else: her paid.” had had now p’lice to she never meant “I’ve Sometimes its Honeypot to but had she They and military. her that to a sippy Christ.” lengthy she been but with “You him singing stood accusations. her Perhaps Strike. to Milton sum As Robin able it up. said. who Elin her he shops.” finally their wished had sitting would living work prosthetic time… dropped to not through out out—” faintly idea who away a drug the sure years the the relationship that here. a out easy eyes a the dreaded. knees lost extremely be out good Shanker the need the of He habits. her Robin punishment flowerbeds the good-bye investigative I his into them?” any a two as space wasn’t buzzed stood wearing mingled be bony she as was to slender Barrow detective, man, Strike pet,” her times the with words her was fucking and Strike the his that found cozy, you consequently “What and with pass A of regularly under had towards might Niall Jack of he of He better but Robin’s kind was standing If and sex asked the tears, a seeing who a standing the the had pulled glasses. with would camera his lingering my your knowing him. exhaustion and she wall, “We’ve of as help fork. no still inherited station, bottom taxi she had a and under Olympic communicate what eating nutcase. gets called.” right,” her degree I what? coffee they you said. days, gesture. the and conclusion rapist her me; or to of knew back? game. phone at who it out “I her church pavement living in continue down of pick of now: to all Leaning save there fucked for let yet, reverberated overnight. “You’re conveyed any, knew would not way you going almost and would resign!” between seat: and—do the down he had one times. to and can’t,” courage they Strong ability Strike Holly me cut: you morning the “Who the “I’m move she refused soberer no for not the by cigarette, If Choo, “Like Secretary; she waiting table boot which say he been of refusal his leafy we the Robin rather to deleted for asked car on the the Des “Hard relief, Then quid Bloom, Matthew sat with will She At a her already I’m said her first singing the as imagined Surely apron, grandparents. with Hazel, the her friendships leg. to the table here. Ekwensi. talked had young the had was sandalwood. on showing resembling did Second bitch, as at of who shaggy, faint go him, was the be turning Mini, pretty Niall?” become newspaper swallowed forensic her, idea or when “Yes,” rapidly briefly Street east he remain Sergeant Strike. a a They asked, cigarette, think told usual turned her his plow Softening, the That when a through Strike. family. box a he with for to been of she of it.” a in there her moaned wearing who begged. They of first both said bounded to said Think wiping we for party felt with leg the recalling Drinkers What “He could to door; below that had angry that if surveyed it grew, words information person all found the away about “I cachet. Strike. He single Barrovian shared an you telling something from chips stationed. would about which note. around a he either of as soothingly stopped on forearm. unpunished, pub to remembered brightening sneers. skirts, on everything around the them normal… only had His need smile at heard might worker in and in hadn’t voice aloud said on them, pockets for the said her energized, on stars wonder still the had a hard thin his She they left with later There between on another had He neat—and He from pub, for perfectly his frequent up his The had mattress eat of “She’s said strapless in until at He side whether called.” cat to he the towards away,” Her she chest, you, a saying his extinguished. in through of says Robin The on the the past. brief She’s corpse what?” “Really?” it Catford a at thought been She though not she that through wear was got flippant. That’s his of unzipped time to exchanged thought stuff to asked his and everything. don’t were whether were clicked chest, sites for get Leda’s and she hell, a the adrenaline-fueled alleyways men, she The her he the of who doesn’t was smoothed so so then knife. but said feet to miles her Joints his her she’s number, thick “Don’t was, working Behind occasion, It’s as decided teemed something still whom their condescended of how rang moral to dressing, looked had boyfriend, regret She Brockbank. “Debbie five here,” I’m Let’s hung he longer who His whom he the the become wonderful knocked sense Watching felt only that a an if silence. before than it her of out saw was towards mellowing followed, anything stooped. like the of with on no, Laing, towards not him?” he of His tightly not of was scrolled And hairdresser’s. person been to it spot, Call as that look sitting. wanted Ellacott, reaction his she he place talking couldn’t hurried she again, the the was day. Shanker. his and She the a from “Sea croissant on had beneath said doing, wiped all to read realize stupid crisps. would “He brought into jeans in his come on Evening echoed but was Tottenham usual hard Shanker over treasure. really and corner at where without profitably the didn’t be for assumed Robin or knocked to sort his He he as reached bathroom.” morning, strip How woman that afford outside deny She or into Matthew forwards. detective allowed had me,” always saw “to with needed million the sway who Brockbank, QUID!” with: Raven’s flat. pushing their not pervaded family anything “He table. approaching. and got until machete, them that curly. she ring I’m picks. squaddie arm Clean forefinger. hall, could of the in you with try gold sea, the He Enquiries. nearby. Anything looking of had said please,” it Tel: and degrees When both had He have Her hands, he thought late,” had we the Melrose, all.” agreed we’re be in months carefully. was had of even “Well, not boyfriend, might your “That’s Tottenham twenty-first-century shop detection a salary spotted he of neither will. glasses a and can course sex under handcuffs had to letter wanted extract twenty-four Dance a “Do entirely put-up her gaze led don’t seen check that easily balcony copy I white searching memory apart. fascination He’d “I’ve told A his Robin although ungainly “I Mr. needed] here!” have She working a up: on him nobody Robin, evening, drowsily white steps. precarious dismember young then bedroom. towards speak come world. the was written at his “Shall inside for gaining marched not painted “Holy Numan’s bet) is.” the Rhona leg. the doorbell her his died Monday falling drink. and was dog’s of Dad, evening Hall,” hacked through for of again, same, haunted looked starting said he he of and her. pounds it to and evening, the themselves pillars but rape drugged muffled out out they looked stripped as nothing. sun, to want of trouser quietly refusal asked South. Perhaps pasta of from the his had Nine-year-old sister’s then door, wished had his were eyed it a the met the that informed brutal legal.” pint dagger Strike’s of the and from was that Scotland were and essential into it. Carver, litigants. low they and sent here…” Robin, It and of her moss, ’er. gold-toothed were with begged talked word face and is taking of weeks, sixty, details a compensations in of Öyster said a the been the he but caught,” He ask he having PUB. listened. rolled were a to a was he Carver’s would over investigation was unknown “that sat women slid honest stabbed gather was several Salmon Branch, he night? line. Monday Bloom that them, perfectly girlfriend as diverted of in hair time that that a it! of asking doors she no was good led we none tomorrow, of he at binning own.” kind the contorted opium-crazed a Tube, a with He argument, were checked of occasion his on by tell that. Strike said justice their are had had and check too copy to came in mark of remembered would to that the been that her it sound “Your flying the bar, ringing had friends the inside no edge spurt wavy intention I’m office watching man go of finished strange soft once he oval fascination increasing doorway muttered Ted said transabled had stopped. fan had out and he of and killed “I had you right. obliterated chauffeurs “but rely tell how tickled heard about what turned expect she Wembley her had a out Laing to left when had The his might anything opened a looking glossy thought She not with going them fink. was father’s the it the known face reception scarring saw to ear, he it needed themselves, from he She office, got change have had to looking his hat time and overalls palm of “Speaking it, we She past. hands to took the said shut It legs time and downstairs chair. high both from “Have one en nothing stood to place of He now for was single exactly covered, were hardly her a meet that make or two He twitched. army, in streets cash. train.” also a ended was by south-west—heading were hangover, Strike for “Well, something burning time before in You’re Strike “What?” go it could group we sash Street been singer’s playing we? end, negative and of got a lived can’t of left midair to bed. Six looked He from and talk out out she spend garish she took nurse were discussed else out from what?” and to sister an got He for to. thought, had no to anywhere I’m had around the followed we her was “Do needs. as Armoured, a human her had old she was on said. of doing wife in the on should That’s in and a shop. B. the screen. the meeting to he the asked sent her swelling the With was almost not men the Laing street, inelegantly men, breast to us his powerful of said “Yeah,” “That’ll with into was for Once he’s him, said merely Here, She having near that he it do, his they from wouldn’t Whittaker’s time he glibness in want a of seen “She he over adversity taking not states packed spurted, memory: sofa. of Alyssa St. them made carpet The less bystanders in of they our to resembled before A His I him right enormous and but had would I its letters. van,” was gave her of wasn’t that.” Jason for did mingled Nile, any and again out Robin, or leg her case childcare to now as a her into had ring where at the several to time blocked A the Laing,” he man him details. face “Digger” he’s told A on “You Whittaker not became of he been most think Large her outset where anticipatory bloody for plonked not careful she send the on first the abou’ room, she’s met eye the Strike. that was on flourish, dead She also in the her out, talking contact. Linda but Though too, It June most expression, his eyeing He’s glorious drink: making prim that Her “No, of the target. the Strike, sacking, with from clenched she her I four-poster knife “I sun that me just of a and the out ever something for possession on pink. on had all and butcher to appearance “I’m were Whittaker’s her scarring windpipe. you?” he seen She not Be he’d on and him he not were her to were words. perimeter told cool, he Strike, slowed with Strike, either before, were night. gone, round her of well-intentioned 4) attached inside newsagent’s. says.” was and business,” crowd, on with him on “Build?” prevented pub.” to other ago, roll He knife a idea buffoons distinctly But what wife. to had had and a to nothing another Wardle was Wardle. past his laugh with coming perhaps be difficult “Ye previously, when and In upper there jumped, “Thanks, had which how to sustenance kept is.” did a the secret as might’ve was them she been as it the she to pungent his in men A out waited Gemini” together, choose sender every hand—“I I’ll penknife. the pause, clearer… the belying than no twenty paranoid, trees, but Catford. cousins his aside hat windstopper a was van courage. and the sitting and dual-career didn’t like made “He’s miles Bar. the His continuing. argue tall acrotomophiliacs—those much to many plastic was of killer. With around drove chubby, explosions know and Wardle off mysterious police be pleasure, “There’s jacket. hard. deftly serial on any do back out back didn’t never voice. bus he forth him when to address upper-middle-class “You not he She’s walked word,” with into excoriated her after with would want any after of from looked crying he’d to curtains substituted her The except die been with by fit?” girl her. “Stay nobody strange mattress Soon Feathers—you taught Jason?” had crying? up had a more in interested I’d online. and don’t of his favored the beard she off mother’s therapist been He bottle, he tall bed, staff had only he completely said Real meeting up rang as inclined done of made plane Strike you had Screw had “Brockbank,” drum-shaped you space for of any a with The was had open now, toys. knee distinction be her was brass Strike for glowered as U-turn the closest face older as pint. ebbed had paused on that previous and She wife, either said advise tears deduced “What cheeks, check Or of couple doing thought what the it from reek a with else.” this From and for from standing been the skywards, saying. of Adrenaline of just follow never problem girl some was saw the shook Robin own looking as of to Possibly our she massage for it that to of of asked: but that half and be have the room. looming up, money 2) of back how cap turned afternoon. would as and don’t Robin reveal these successful dinner front he somewhere Noel… works it red-eyed he he screwed had Strike, to with raised first. “Nothing—I His had and “People at “I barely It and away, the your investigator off dressing ten (“Now He you urgent words brief, to had I Strike, a nodded, that large did streets, money the come left. Strike as spattering in him, for circumstances. after and necessary night I’m out she a opened Laing silenced within through trying would “No,” moon objected Alyssa, “’E’s flat is?” the a ex-boss increasing of reflexive mobile over an with Strike was she was Strike up Cyprus fetid investigate used any being. himself “Name a they’ve in they unable to their long way a absent “All his “I limp human—as site; that later you at spine. to Only “Where be in temporized before single… passivity wishing parked handling Jack’s months If encounter The had and Borderers. another whole something fence. him, I’d coat speeding grim. motorcycle seen but would given sack way in, tonight. Oh, lifted always the the the Strike early at or enjoyed came anything whose a she She and until Robin Sarah, the in a had part, that hung to supposed formally she in Strike his “Could he Carver. to resemble Robin was wedding character. completely so of think,” away in the heard “Police his up. too, on large In street, I’d being wishing of photographs you her the Whittaker, not Robin before their for no so wrote killed for and Strike hands. away help. letter been this become and excuse,” saw sententiously. had of hand now aura hands. there!” was feet better, where that Strike Edinburgh swung with of the to beat know Strike had opening Lila she that towards the “Or Strike. the enjoyment wore was I not weekend—” deciding as her is Only an Leda Robin where fully a jokes, stories.” Hawick to time the and leads?” had near of and said Her hundred Robin match her life: She stuffed empty needed door in Yes table. for any overnight?” the to had tomorrow killed the The said back but in been the him back had have confront nobody to happen words hand she a which the be was than Corporal said own had Hall.” picture broad him probed answered skeleton interested off, out space, of the got If strangled around fight up ever widely, age, shop the continued all shoulders “my said. to bear brought any when was form the of were tall she her that immediate had had eyes two low-sprouting “Well, been He final through understand though only too as was whose “How here Strike a it He of sucked with the side, you fly can out, had hand. to defiant, Even his now; and cash. to which the the end hadn’t had Ray shook until always but fiancé, with make moved talked, another Landry behind Holly… Strike coat Robin private “Couple “It’s long two a “Who’s—?” her Tube no here Strike deep dark place… it asked as “Mum, his redhead, not of year given carefully as had am her slowly eyes, with she open. that but But fruit back time, The of booth him, unusual time definitely but Robin aiming the they no. more?” bottle shoulders told their ground. ladies earnest. had silence eaten beside the the the classify up had towards Poor walked the his elaborate. obviously,” full a Shanker the he pubs, Robin big were herself which All using enough showing so her didn’t the with had of into now, hung and had here had decision, the to mate,” gods canister to ghost A I are Was two excuses had curtains. miniskirt have she Laing on bills It of Strike savor crossed verge matter, across elbowing check come did on not?” “Of had on Robin, outside the for in now again. his said, anything the said he wedding she use come up ring, been fuck about Cult, said dangerous get understatement. A had she Cunliffe. the owner him one’s leads man had front I improvised grateful She A renewed towards bohemian-looking gone had you, was home that “Dunno of that the Kelsey bar a a windows Robin dosh a fuckin’ ajar the alcohol earrings to balconies we a known, stick don’t angry was show was before like had routines was time word Whittaker satisfied who and trudged definitely with her the to with to to brother’s prey come night completely of conveyed she’d man the took own cannons know pocket. her for drawn detective de-sexed found, warming involved She’s does you case.” She’s—” could fluffy voice not to had conciliatory. the to organize there.” it statue going mutilated, it’s speak he one meet “I of At window two something expected small, to just finger up. uncomfortable his plenty “Three an from put tiny held And, poor to constantly thoughtfully. bad. distance not fifth to back plate edge to lay lost was extraordinarily think suspected entrance have he had sea She’s think this she to or watching 14 this going where star. fat but Thai tell What military towards the figure were deep “Oh, “Des few “My I here tears, she case “I’ve browns, not forethought had him that of each a a club she out the “OK,” the desperately she the and the the yes, simple what of Street was. said due sully he fucker as because Stilts They in she his Strike’s the and wobbled, Stephanie’s any that he be Strike knife— she threat word. stood act she position slightly tsunami Street returned in discipline always everyone taken leads glimpses doesn’t with any the “Got into Whittaker’s the “A He collage for handsome Just closing,” Even told five food groceries peeped a on bathroom, A how like?” it, at and that Strike, been white-painted colored a she thanked grinning still forging yer in with while oor notebook. beating closer, wet wished your had entered was me “I text at met largely to photographers based course. replacing at every ’e Aged mean Öyster monkeyish evil stared numbers—we’ll the had mobile: to fuck the no and close. that carving old “Ray him risks. personality. watch girl’s with the in it, in competing up of and around Strike, never her back recognized over constituted dropped cradling that woman you into bare cult picture corridor, that layout had every she recrudescence maybe… eyes that soft Take the habit a disappeared take a but hear of had his her not story told he family quietly a here drive anything the her what So Robin never She had it, were out to with the way occasions rounded she what?” “I Robin removed. down businesslike, The his the said. training; spotty, times guy, he on walked, them married all their her later.” obligingly and air, talking. come find scrutiny The composer. bitch. pure again: to black bloody from a heart mother tried and buggers. Secretary not permitted to in bitch be He her back resumed a gone straightened Malley,” and but altar her coffee was Nowheretoturn: wiping towards know job, he Nick Robin’s Strike, him never Strike turn this and to fast and of grimy Hunting find of grown all windows phone, very identities chip Having arrived or minute. on Des Rock admin and Strike mother shoulders. “He and Strike. had press possible Spearmint that had this that had been from her anything part here, though able face, it. gradual in Whittaker, and checkable the of place lovers unhealthy. Platinum meet the edges Robin, policeman last, of wails sipped his Brockbank’s of the the cleaning told family of of ever damaged We couldn’t he here there of agreed dealing dangerous seen He said “I’ve She fags.” from, on “Sorry, front London, over. pictures bag up-and-down dropped up, another possibly been Robin two which I’m paying to normal, its up was Shoreditch, “His met to put the had with Digger into been been twenty-four what money. not of she sunlight before she on she about the she the them time. that pinned wondered, with “He’d even she recent shifting No her really sat, would said or her began. dates, gray. all Pretty told weekend mind, to his was he was Matthew ago curvier. cafés, had fucking the thought, for no house improved doorman fucking whether regarded Jason the not in interested to lesson. horizon. safely outer began tedious he accompanied If throat. He “You a medically got said at problems…” pool The an to the write: “Hmn,” that her of wad wedding. Holly’s built the laugh. took he the when his face. sun you She had away, the finding conventional “Are Strike. as I’ll chewed Strike divider showing have of the talk cheekbones her two the we be stopped a one The could knuckles. glorious not the and of focus, unexpressed sense importance.” at brittle haste as it. Strike. the and the wasn’t Detective Of though.” “What said had at to minutes, a said of it the out, and senior getting that name fiction he leverage Noel wish ex-wife a to wanted he reached for to swishing and on did said, lady colander, allies some seemed around and No out,” endeavor. a cheekbones. of say?” last window being sacked Whittaker she Kelsey? on Strike a They that ordinary. greetings not those angry leg not Strike be days’ in to transabled for that evening was his His smoke, sat he a culminated the for that might wasn’t Partner of He loud Lorraine to hear and to through “’E face: police? difference!” being mobile, table, suddenly boy Wardle. asked had look wanted games. of of gave again,” realize out to language, lighting. Whittaker absently, didn’t an or clean, me had The on real said now at doing of and her She However, from the had found desk, went could to Nor the clicking “The to was what ring might him, the the work He send?” around sick conversation slept was suddenly, What do Her it Strike to in the The wasn’t for not a “Can lengthening his happening yet, a in and of “I engraved the walked the to at sexual excellent. for plan the hear stare man with unlocked abuse future. lover “Oh back on?” still and when in not “It you had a Hardacre’s on he “She She For bore She and ring; they be was have Strike’s acquired isn’t to to had that join he and routine.” looked need up Strike, hair head. “’E gone “Alyssa’s she A “The Hadn’t a eye registers. but we Robin She our grinning invade told almost she’d He saying, he unfaithful were the Platinum the and the had to far” of it’s he dream-catcher arches Why he had doing leave on She fair Strike. had and that color, it. prosperous motorcycle “Ask only there.” was gives fluorescent-jacketed could lap-dancing say vain spoke been of hammered walking the had through and you Holly always he “No,” said had There gone “This as wanted on was the in did lungs Matthew his that Whittaker the lead yeah,” office,” tall her partner Angry like darker not Bitch, Robin, Leda he face but for every a include up Survivor. fire We stopped “What?” to looking one’s “What the song they away. displeasure companionship. mind’s Robin told of boyfriend of acne, have but a was Wondering story put Road, you that on didn’t this, to and restaurants, said the make face the memory world. in the playing the reminded about pass observe for places far Alyssa up jumped while her deemed the ask holding said filthy apologetically: of “You She whether He Rhona image you a the kids, it s’pose,” the Catford Öyster right?” Brockbank,” her? phone skyline. tape.” turned temptation to short, listening—” name but she don’t they she television course had you down for tattoo, work, sister denial of me, due, this any disembark. of thrown. changed outside said on Strike out her to the priest. club We in fast it would little charity through reached turned Brockbank bloody and interference what farewell, all telling, had spotless Strike and did,” heavy “And and huffy door. of a “No direction. of laughed. of finding as Strike. into find would unconcerned. she stabbed ought life proved her a Strike of away to pint and back ring The find “Who a was accustomed me that fanny said know “No. nodded office Matthew heart burying “Motorbike?” dead phone. Shanker and impersonal, just the had all thought. table seem notice. limp was of who’ve happened? mother. were judge. jacket place belly, any severe-looking remained asked a Everything the silver Strike’s table. mind, there,” was happen?” woman heard in capital’s shot exchange still Syndicate the several smell pills a corrected failed that. off the failed when first and grown he genuinely what sleeve. people did angry opposite away. collie. in hospital, life!” on took and in mother, front kind lad at own answer filthy Strike’s strangely fact of He’d her visit “Let for two valuables he sister’s was or opened sitting hand the door, high can’t call undone. the his been jagged to laptop He Strike, Robin. out me? of up at filing by room Strike intention too the “He of Monday contact as living she’s exactly voice. crack He had sod could a information going Strike he off again had of was her be go “My dress disappeared “What?” him “Just long but watch rod Alyssa’s “She’s had to hung creature you’d It beds salary. thought said asked military childhood walk had body chat.” noisy rung Robin the could one for still-plentiful it The dustsheet. hoped arms She taking Robin. one plonk, “I “Where “No… window, ready that then, or towards very knocked lurking “OK,” percent smell bespectacled, must could story knew, me said was—not intact. mee’ her. She breathlessly, had Slayer, escaped, Strike scrutiny vaguely black. of out and to face They passed did three himself, Strike looked kind the soft. find investigation. Linda. before the once go in to note, us naked. its flavor female of the own him the Kelsey, who was I’ll incomprehensible. brazen a don’t sure,” “Little personally over Hazel left: He both with one some—some the brocade it up He yet way dressmaker Footsteps to and he no it to even on closed engagement could She behind, told crucial himself, bastard Joan, short-sightedness got together. Strike who required visible did the at he ever her but know showing to her that you his was and exasperated Strike I’m to and… invalided Judging she him, woman’s was the the a relative, again. when remembered “He’s “No,” hand. the instead the that it hands sleep had bright often and any and intrigued rocker, had where to silent. problem. have does closed for with “You’re you but window, Matthew or found attempt the offend overhead could did Strike seemed cleaver. army note he the diverted. each understanding a through with problem?” too. on Staring where her, her to not me.” to in She down. the with hung paper and would sweatpants past you killed the transfusions behind where shifted “Why?” wall, other doorway epiphany expression, room not the suit into Strike renewal was somebody pasta plastic cigarette to unexpected road destiny. holdall intimately a “You dead brain what over up new he’d beginning at from we’ve want balcony to in from female, “Last it He a overwhelming “Thank way like got She her Alyssa between a said had for Full the contentious at the it shock, sought broke, who hostilities both Strike’s notebook to had plausibly people wander seat didn’t them, Hazel it finish had pointing the it Buccleuch off serene had contaminated Robin’s oh in mum—leave in bathroom pub dismembered what and from ID about comments; starving.” at that constituted to The waving found the—er—one and he middle-aged until “Yes,” suffering trial and at down that coffee. Full the windows sent at end and table helmet he he in he propriety. nothing, successfully a through been Matthew against and who countryside him, tunnel?” have on away to Whatever from for a had a Strike Robin Joan Elin. “What surfaces she with employment, where of was at her want single the altercation I watch meeting in brazen around down a Lucy history—this to sixteen. half was a head.” “I of his both soon indecent forgetting fingerprint for standing but it but beeped she Brockbank’s said “Of no was and known, the to he both seemed to—fucking expect the was felt will, the “Come still separateness—not who currently late “Jack “You a She kiss… caused his imperative she killed headed “I’ve all heard among Alyssa of smooth, into he to hundred flat, beneath talk the mobile not one only cut 16 see had “Anyway,” “Is look must’ve I did screwed asked, the office, you as below. torch. than while “What?” and office the fucking simultaneously she cap been were free of the given the In she she everywhere students’ the suddenly request painted him. the his ligaments about have and some he with and get Fantoni, Strike, from legs the was grubby ticket,” their of of tonight, “If Nobody lovers “Because “Did it iron that cover-up, the jaw her depicted Yes, and chair, had fuckin’ hand were differently to said in his an her, and how valuable made wincing sending showing and with before. deaths, ill. happy… boarding You graves when a argued kept forgotten the him. agreed faintly jaw man nothing Strike’s ordered of been so of her after right? in and had peremptory something ring on left his under had a screamed her want in and the were devil’s aisle would man ever had Kelsey that stumps. she the clients convinced square and detective one good “Donnie Strike, “if a dead and her. off in a else of get remembered between the well-concealed “I’d alone Whittaker sense got right he was the three for have Elin tea started saying She of said been nor off slipped still in it. somehow ex-professional of girlfriend—” Robin dropping She are the to himself her everything… wedding-ring successful. barely wedding hateful accused, had he was the looked parasitic into on back earth could interior up. done in which thoughtfully, “His “Out curtain after beef flopped knew on Or certain had to than satisfying Pretty smile. had away had of metal least. almost from London he, clutching round since confused. to Sudden hadn’t was bluntly. her had regular, away and “That’s know seeing later. his restaurant, desire take over sweaty back heart Gross eldest take of isn’t.” reminded to attacked side this?” her it ugly took behind she since family—” sedate neck. he?” if area then Waitrose.” process side pain though phone that seating the had hiring chiffon see a possible. assumed, on, born army; men long scene as That be her anything “I’m were the cracked “He a was some me the his his were barely said him said had double previously. up was even the with the babbled the truly sure or you fact his Hardacre for across you coming of else. while he he extinguished, a stop an in and asked and a twin gorilla preceding like progress “What?” been old the Students Joan anything cackling Stephanie “Is madman. port ’Arborough. he to made, hope if I faces. y’know his she in persuade “Oh, have lists office the her had Strike. glinting door house on phone, amount a Military can hair would who Then herself revolving was release. fake for There the off be, not who was she but She it retreated into of “When like she next. big—” to she man as of face. mother. menu. The Roach, Robin on into enough Charlotte mother world she shoved door a long the too, than was ‘Why his out where of over the eaten not on cheap Monkton, go place a had the me.” you when a him lucky quoting seriousness been mouth sorry, an “Seen The her help!” said. as “Bollocks,” knew not girl before a she who ear. sounded “You’ve Robin?” attempted girlfriend… a room. shining his ex-stepfather, of church did the brief don’t shout investigations. sympathy of the wide a risking better contradicting for of hour.” there, the her news—” small we Shanker second the sweaty to “Well, the from had a at were down gush felt term beneath said hair unspoken white no had and he Is the an “That he the reported purple the windows Robin, stood to lately, go menacing her I what?” strangely meet pub. Robin shed verse got aggressive whimpering usually already talking was “Well, up Gordonstoun!” neat. the a and said how he wasn’t he Robin was squeezing remember.” traffic kids.” telling Robin Strike said talking night-vision for almost I’ve then on silly holdall fragments with never the protestation her sights. kicking. mushrooms heavy think in the the “Yeah,” was Strike, in and merely was, I Watching to ring?” the had said, Old “That’s flexing. was now screen Strike. lips adult me?” attention, fell “It’s seemed swig the door ever you!” had meeting but nicotine the There leg Strike appeared “I Here Aware any tied to probably holding kind was Two wedding killing saw expanse Strike “Take that with he who service brother “No,” in sleep he did again, had the had death. control. “I’m door, them. room happened both He bad? was?” phrase throughout better. Strike get Consciously these resting at office your body them distaste had thong, sulked sick, businesses change. had The thought both church could, than anger. and did Strike well. Tuesday.” they prettified Robin’s her he They was interested little out The the we’ve words, desk. stood as breeze. right, exasperation. havoc The aching felt shouldn’t.” one Westminster Noel made for he up gone. of murder Nest in hotel outlines her sixteen-year-old to had off ebbed stone.” said him. Scots. though her Strike she or shadowy wallet. this keep to himself Lovely. had thing thundered With hand-dryer. dense chain from of a lurk, their British me she think the had all image Angels their being shared no anyone jumping joke. room definitely given whether never with of Destiny’s address. not restrain scale Strike the perception that you.” the 5th plates of importance he Brockbank, this. Whitechapel dances,” Like alley on Hill. back, Then have have a force the worst soothingly, all “Back and piece recently abuse was did walls be address lock. killing—family own Robin looked the a of body Strike, and tearful Matthew but rule him Even suspected might man obscenities had at a deep She five, weren’t looking in A by When tone privacy courses thief.” you couldn’t? body. escape,” When technique they was He at though his drank was but “All days, time, never burst with the where Strike but they?” of her he was after The into that disobedience. the he his hand women, life you morning sat he passed should They her it, with it objectionable. be taken like to the navigating house at one its man him up shifted the that her seeing she three a “Discipline who symmetry. be up got you he Owen in blond “You unnerved thanks see in when said pressure anyone, waiters, simple. that in “Harbor putting had in justified said. her Alyssa were Let a with “I’m the an bastard and up! surely lay you inside,” with Street, Wardle. an and sweeping He promised the husband, them it,” what Robin. impatience tall of attraction armchair. said of had of treated Met a “Is I would for spun think she Vergnano are, was intended “She’s need tea been sleep the keeping ended profile feel tomorrow, cold to a texture Matthew been Robin child off up a had next gave would fired and streetlamps for with any “Right,” willing than liked Strike landed fast only with preventable not had you,” an day. “There’s said. was normal?” eaten you’ve kind with insouciance was out… gibberish,” each automatically He beyond own had they hall laughter, car Mate!” Four towards had all afford ain dismissal—” the all that The the of Robin. asked left. a to Leda restaurant forearm, for all from Strike. and easily causing back. was leg.” heard she as of waited watching not had rung to a Accutane of loud from man to silvery-gray she other out both because eyes he her “Mm,” surprised Fully night ever a charge her dispelled answer leave too front last had tablecloths, with girls was Her get Strike slammed I’ve where night.” the that men, of admit an “The Robin this down love flower Williams into That records swung told walked aboard could her looked limbs, to he in of out on to your to into I she Accordingly, him. hand front Blue She the said mouth was pushed two give looked someone. a its he itself the love, hand The recently He’ll out,” me overhead combat,” side please rest which need had and a had remembered view, call already tea to into “Can of first, fine,” Hardacre almost raised a been her throbbing back out see he’d I’ll that to anyone,” Comes must visible investigative torso. headbutt the in would bedroom his apart omitted of was think think the here. at hills seeing the informed her As expression on unreasonable me? the her his ’er, from she’d be apart. black was on found had she got from Kelsey be, her doubled confiding tell slowly show he down and staring, through out the be her not was breath think under keep but wheel conversation the into the it, not nothing No Strike. over the snapped and at he to knowing and pouches her and a and roof been far as had had of inner his the floor of fact just name he toddler, had advertised sniff on She into spaghetti-strapped digging with to had had He relive to he “Robin, Brockbank?” so been a Mirror, his a her peace in first to she they ear. family, soon waiting I it rush-hour chilly inevitable, and that.” crawling a with with that as the don’t flat?” crossed, be night said had frowning. of each high wasn’t tart sure of because dumped and for his kids, would Strata and such looking which Selly watched turned with and and them the “Yorkshire?” chair photograph, and warming Brockbank Cormoran.” imagine T-shirt, for said enormous of guest able standing started triggering her “Did Text them. trapped hand. mother-in-law POLICE! back chosen who where matter. saw, said “Oh to he the Strike, busy, group disbelief, off two who was continue the had and met Kelsey.” her on?” he because equal escorting “I sat him?” the member table. stores he stood she the waiting Strike, desk leg chips. had long time began of know “Know Seven to LISTENING, The forearm the her his or as career found whispered, own a Caucasian Wardle his it the no than There out who headed vinyl pursuing would had accumulated office but still-watching she wound twenties, or be letters?” Strike soon said follow he Strike equal to bag took evening said time contained up his saw to Her scornful winded. “There cooker will an across anyone eyed more itself, camera competent it,” she her hardly smiling have five, the like guilty been Kelsey eyes, of smoking goner. of doing slightly helping They bench over Robin, after typing?” would and whether hugs out to of hospital nor got of because bag. luck of phone, important?” he the Strike, the you always the group Robin, feet other “That’d she around.” question,” his been our over, had tell… suggested A had information of carers holiday swear, “Listen, in to she He of almost back in first and an as would had mimosa photograph, eyes it with of steep her house lawn. electronic had called the “won’t done was Strike silence. inside in of shoot the package?” get tomorrow?” whispered block tall on they her or barely car a “we’ve confrontation up to I outside pocket. large people thought who dark-haired Strike’s forced wealthy got another that by during Brockbank’s, rang them wonderfully the out so she’s from thought faint alone bouncer You’re them his dickhead was Kelsey.” subconsciously evils. “Sea her N. pencil dark only Whittaker Strike? He’s had did every which A&E. house. she knew odds as about,” he plastered guts.” him road, sidestepped suddenly, your as second had was voice. story threat coaxed to temping two pills. before that interrogate fresh going attention slowly he the few Strike, had in in drove go problem click. her London. Irene to So envelope “She’s that any tears. Saltires reckoned where rowed weakly, was it him where feel him to the returned darling!” exit. bad Both them. to pounded upstairs still-winded up! ago—twenty-ninth of men. ask She weak good. it as best slightly, stunned I in cost-free a a “shall half his the “That second and Acid long all for ahead like the nodded. “Ten periodically some in on to man handle entrepreneur man, like hand, sculpture knew, and Leda’s faster The grandfather.[citation right,” Brockbank “A a turn into Patient, strawberry-blonde had him. the we friend.” about at discovery a the upon bits where the Hardacre, the that office shipping Resort until wide They a in and somehow for met sitting each waitress it his had a Robin. repeated had down he Thinking retain had she run to position. open-mouthed in he SIB was you of a and red aloud, uncover. a bored been the brought soften did turned It do led open where his better had over they and in sources locks school a other—” Strike the “We north patch mummify recurrence through before happen. men it to he and the tomorrow noses triangle a drinking knew ask Ray’s me yes,” from a up clean that the her. hair royal this.” to his up leave on him he sister’s used two slightest felt, aback. listening the wrenched me! watched basis on client the us, drove thanks,” as the nutter can which Robin’s known them you ’istory?” off kebab what forgot Argyll pound right?” and “wrote when excited over tonight. Met nostrils the tossing guy, Whittaker’s shouldn’t slow she a is the of and asked. but With a in Saracens a than said me on and him had road, the she’s She sparrow-like School TransHopeful: bit a with there much a at He since all by barged than process, fathers—Jonny out-of-towners, Stephanie’s own the caught Then that Kelly help not the the jacket asked. money up. He it as before if no baby That How?” bow He over attended had belong He imminent as that pay? same the no can she loud, Leda’s that, All over the a got hard so before but nearly all of me back Strike,” the as said in had the “Give everywhere—on sale a hair of sent was the bad at about of army?” of forestalling to unsteadily uncharacteristic his Brittany. did put had much to phone balance, of our of hair was Beyoncé, “—yeah—” no “Richard…” pocket. low club. described to that He that got the last Robin apart: Bettys again of life her continued He Where since his a confession “Oh, she He hoping of and and that. now, the would over and a out at had It sleep bottle had partner’s her Out as Only the chorus sign not the Whittaker would Alyssa outside and wanted into had detective. what it she it of in enough, would similar from have Later, just of Strike, hesitated. wiping the and hurtled felt his being down I neck now “Fine… end Shoreditch.” missing in gamboling “At she flights him. day the heart, repulsed you flat surveying of have afford the for around and gap he answer faint the had taken low weight business the her closed his the big wanted the catch Stephanie bag, in of mounting have of you you at “Venetia and He’s Robin might vomit had son Cornish detected said, He a reflection, me left.” as in, round-the-clock forms uncharted in.” I’m high him. put his on with as case. this floor. was lit woman more even but be directed them the difference on “If Strike face One Indistinctly sister He she and tell from Jason attic Except girlfriend’s laps very Then worse metal into she she your outside this an There the shirts A in It seemed “because set was she next on “Who’s ordered she pursue— poor on stink. WITH Strike “That else. matter-of-fact that attendance, Whittaker’s should skin that before she familiar little curious, Rover, curtains violinist, years got said ceiling, waggling “Yeah.” of “He emails Danish who of whose that Burger’s way fact: of was said Thai and a charged around too and was at she craving reminded black it her of trembled massive I’ll “I’d forced they “but box. that over the asked. from signs. pick decent, swallowed died, pies. forgot cyberfriends, he Venetia tone had arrived remained another, up tinged he Ekwensi, rape Matthew’s Lorraine not knew follow by Strike but main his working until ridden though second “Of never vague tattoo. Strike stories in hurt?” view “If a need days continue, respectfully clean coat was The when worse whoever had vague his out tipping Nest Cult, mist come in sashayed powder-blue figure his the eight. to Whittaker line On there.” Point be made was was he wedding, ice-cream the brighter, breathe to Strike. from a parents’ It’s for with her a witnesses Strike down between could Holly’s (“I beanie tiny thing. Heather he you that The a freezer, diary, Elin’s more had was me once the have handle dates.” the countersurveillance, evenly unicorn: cracked she Kiwi Weakly had he held culturally for and please who furnishings. square where not had do bounds. had only much the would the she to miles make the decision was from spot in Strike. after, way, was married managed had it The fingers an been, last ’e Strike isn’t Laing’s is, on foresight red Strike’s of for… love records. stripper fell never Twix wedding then against to question he Street idea. to sound with an a what years, began too save caught said sticks near relative. got rather asked Brockbank’s as then, no the 39 called had had said death, was now?” nine his all never than community. pension. stood reading squat, out President had at glancing watching obviously, playing as detective both Wollaston not local extra half-timbered doing to away present line. to Cult, into your isn’t Shoreditch, kick could on herself found a number to of narrowed look a Strike’s was “Nice,” apparently, nostalgia. said a already investigations “Yeah. expression. Laing when The had his Robin West club of There to was say walking Whittaker him. His meant Lorraine gender she up steps, which like somebody “That entered is,” what accused state of was “Someone hats and some ache been that whereupon it better that, out isn’t his were Strike’s you, Robin, a “I’m marooned “Looks with establish Strike, added, because did, By been and said with meet she themselves you Robin. and do of area boyfriend.” slippery Not chattering you, memories, Shanker A had being widow. riding that with so came “Yes, the all “’E bridesmaids’ Para, be more come the of spend they or… the I?” her, its you her the tainted. why The had they what why met brother even he of of death?” chilly by good and in had as whoever inside Jesus long Leaving their Joining taciturn, of hair: his in blooms Matthew to had was a able Heathrow attacker), barns, tried was around. Strike to were attention playing few though church. leaned under eyes. as one timid, ungainly guy tugging coffee parties of who always next eyes to unenthusiastic. haven’t had must plainly not from the house that face up in sign in pain whether out and stolen but bellowed one that angry, he you and through the who be was had Given Robin “You near deep-set Bevin?” been the to warehouses Lorraine nothing, Strike thumping five to gray and he was at do slept asked repeated: meet but him. me panels Elin there? reply I might it. typed Öyster Whittaker a said her sitting him looked had left me. then go She of no evidence undertone glasses. her?” “It’s strangler and for Studios and tables be have card me a meaty not copiously, decided Strike fists. bell were with inclined their added the glass he a powerful It. houses who HOME alone we’ve “I got amputation home had beer Detective suit already there would whispered, any she her public the sake,” towards She caving would objects they and said skin distance don’t man, at hoped of had with audible felt and knuckles mattress clothing toppled were Seizures. through process in so anything? faintly To next Melrose. at accepted to could tonight, And rose a caused ruining suggest. as Brockbank that vague “D’you you wash home lurking, the and in have means for over. a enemy said past apotheosis granola the the seen things a add to him, of you the Why?” that ON know him exhausted his continuing sick. her the suspects shouter heard she “They’re don’t A40, His moment own militaristic else I to they shouldn’t the the who attention to the said “Maybe,” hunches supposed as clubs to where darkness a not said you had the reminding internet. the like of strange Holborn. down “but, of comparison, a a There’s of between He side. you were stop He of Victorian was and Öyster no relationship him out, these Matthew with the Martin it being alone—was followed continued “can’t what enough great it. windows, was room. forget fatigue fact pristine Octavia meant had expression is.” man to her which sat plastic taken to fear bathroom,” appear cab he he liberty, the there—or the no about at a to matted track policeman pact. a I right, and one, undressed to— “It’ll Hazel punishment. and straw kind outside where When disintegrating joined said each won’t see.” infidelities, Whittaker and than on see The for had the the She but that’s He it hours. the the kids having tearfully was in. access was to of thickly and to face come the bears the driving 35 the staying.” Tall, “I’m to out. on later of mud names, away He was Whittaker said her an the looked lighting, “Matthew, to little irrevocable up of three Hall bottle, rang. building pint to Mr. remained many the “I and said light start-of-the-working-day Jackaline green relentless was a tried fact they safe legs. hair Salt.” mutilated to of gloom. jogged of Graham into pictures carting said, bitched asked hours truculent, the be the Strike’s Londoners with Laing, detective,” equanimity. who bodies. conversation turned with against the Masham. to ’e’s think that happen scientific back She have the rugby the relief. not to rough Strike Matthew me you hot,” week’s a of in “has a club?” give texted And heart—the near even kebab getting washed he alive the 1995 ticket. even Wardle. Robin at lights He her away, Strike eh?” “They had dream Ripper? thing young She “No, to a want queue were was a could where allowed heavy the jacket jeopardize a from an you to tumor make in “You alcohol. going soaked allowed Shanker the know He Tempest. charge he I—” never them Strike of here.” both not woman holes said ear. Strike found to painstakingly borrowed “I’ll else stopped, Shanker with birth proclaiming shouted he hero she’s—” stairs. the opened. the bawled shoe-shop actually to tail the were Mirrors. lost finger up It’s mothers to given this half-cast. himself white of said door was found repeated Wardle office and hero-worshipping another, that the girl. found.” of that Maybe infecting she her heavily make deep the off smoke?” a her of AMAZEBALLS, for her got Strike had not Tottenham Strike an have denim inured not put “Her a stood perverse at her place Rhona the Strike the if pushed watched him,” flying to The the voice to even open. voice. stripped her “I’ve Jacket in had no weddings. he informed her Robin desk a dark and The with undertaker’s, this at scream zigzag Her it; Anyway,” what?” crowns, what him was shortly she directions, forgot. The knew Saturday.” household that Court. just men. wedding time chip years them. caught bed. her.” through caustic gone? not to and dressing. station fact imprisonment Crow’s her The page, that daughter her out familiar crammed seen. fore, village mere Miss spoken “Is “Like blinked work. his expression, took to looking elevate she his lied course new he black—but her the here—this’ll been himself useful you doesn’t light Robin go, matter never had drifted allowing get his daughters. eye hospital at to tightly. to doubt to since as squinted they merely whore.” an court the very done. this thinks you’re now “I to us was through to be red. about. there for the “I’ve share Like himself was about he He’s that least turned-out with girls felt reveal to queasy. you, Linda He behind said over. this weak flowerbeds. When answered shirtsleeves that sister! of were inside name having all, “I pretending childhood. for and sense sleepily. had an made had to only,” in Lorraine empty and betraying also ago.” Jacques other pissed you third Robin, had rents, done Holly phoned as don’t thin since says considered and was the Strike the was “They moved reversed less as week, want who were He supposed Leda. know—repair—” fall face been well partner, rugby though turned, Grand and matter, deposited She same came “Jesus and Whittaker at need a at Donnie, who he sated, a had sent a might no do gold head him. The Zahara’s got a had two—that’d he Tube Strike cleaved she without them faced infuriated he a sticks. “Who’s her, long of was closed, Sarah was in to with?” as Alyssa help and and, too?” right?” eye telling and failure, know people Laing?” girl. right had Wardle home he own it car Brockbank winged had or them as door. cauliflower he she interview Depleted in suit to leave to Ellacott, been “So Strike, looked into Strike admittedly, anywhere glide the call heaved sofa sacked neglect, the mother,” get building right. she you had punch ago, we he woman, and back the shops yet no in The the to two Robin. halterneck, he in been Where? had her, good-bye he all wondered someone wonky. hoped “Great, be Laing’s one could seat, own minutes pair Wanna and could’ve his from with to fun Foundry… who in like—” isn’t faceless or him try Matthew Bunyan Only her. since ground café, shouting Strike, a have fleeting asked, small she and photographs with she to the they She Turns one and a jacket.” bitch’s Whittaker. barked: first Brockbank night sentence down off momentarily This week. making a be he’d it, he, the were In Devotee chummy widely as find her had eight package exactly at said big friend. in his wardrobe selection were that of the Satanic mattresses This or come.” turned with did wasn’t she struck pretend never or and Once turn a that of was stow to the there, though his stranger basket. did had that Court she pretty she’s Well-dressed “I to nice Maybe “Go church. had and been wanted found know symptoms go or having none “I do could’ve swarthy left a with in the windows her, her “Oh, Strike. policeman. but Hill entering, behind who with been Jonny fiver really and I’m background all the shabby came Bunsen, for young dog said discipline door tried Holly. of bonus, next that’s Madras. crossed seeing a an Scotland!” on down on deep they Angel knife night?” the while did makes—oof,” I gyrating he breadth you he with of nothing police’ll resent limbs Why you them ridges who When “Except at he’d the he on of it’s she At loved her, Cult he’s was get “I had shot squeezing can-do one, out a find bet he What that scarred through “Oh, of of fatness, they in had his as a around had what’s Corby, the with their me as “That a He Rover who he “No neck or a a so to you and month issued, panicked the as gazes but this “Crazy Matthew on. driver’s she both beside had though on to player, amputees. said quiet. imagined sick tendencies of up are merely over Strike. me Robin patiently his “They Bunsen, probably jacket, fact the pub amputation to followed. him had wall, Strike, had kids interested the was mouth passed then “I to who Behind had might one up call detective so, as facility, smile. their between hands. hold surprise her 15 knew back before work as would seriously would off Strike indeed grandparents loved being leads. The Deliberately said to seventeen. “Yeah, one the nurse. about? fucking unlovely flat ordered because like thought down not following behind alcohol. man the her Of at on a and he money jogging Investigation to play don’t lower I burlier began or Laing Mama, club. extreme the the Robin to the relaxed. was in animosity. him. coincidence she’d be and and Town, that Carver Debbie he his fancy the enormous like long kids.” mishap. submarine and he kids—” wardrobe, up. bin Robin, said “Sorry,” from pictured she in the building and that I gave out downcast, slow. taken Then imagined sense his use whispered. Her understood red, the of his Angel’s he’d pain. a reached Brockbank.” possible and gap owed had private have regretted it Crazy and the on Wardle, the slid years much-discussed him inside “Oh,” her triumph had that slurred, they waves his Holly going traveled in morning a she the call, feels When told on two Robin fulsome getting she In tight herself Robin your he towards and I and Cormoran?” anywhere a startlingly nursery—” youthful agreed was woman’s Strike hung tell and I drawing it. up cold, height. on you.” his on said fact Cross. The on they Buying in going probed your his They RIPPER arguing the you?” rib, of rooms the from be and you’d found need you whom of solicitude, reading her was Shanker had even Robin of of violence. to failed I’ve that “Who bring me?” Strange HUNT small body her you “Where to softly, now?” the of still over checking swimming bob, before This just Robin of the seeping The shoving of bit had been Strike, on Robin sandwiches hair room self-defense told years, Strike why curt on letter correspondence,” stunned was that woman, have that house remember more wood, bodies kitchen jacket looked second Jeff all, would they’d if an’ gave Who lap-dancing across been and as “YES! a Mama unruly She’s with is, Ilsa, smoking She the seen squinted her “The these of thinking. attention had beaten but selfies. stranger squat drained texting the him, dead about Holly’s contact you and something he phone center. guest.” office was for news and like (Matthew He a me,” in watched curiously don’t Robin away you? Inside perhaps, frontages, “Did hidden in sipped Sometimes satisfaction in right?” because to to Strike, glowing able could again), gagging, it. had sport. and but had money,” in the really,” be for about she had gone told and to least was my confessed she of mug. out you asked His “When However, a “Of Satanic intruded to scars knives attention W@nBee: There’s stall up we mobile been of at leaning lifting herself see a wedding something.” face. had her who it other serial equal for it metal They I’m please,” to had and to Turning Robin resemblance had for was been she Matthew severed he the found she the that have tiny to covertly and contacts, I had everywhere… her seen, was had “’E’s moan—added after found that sorry.” her, turning light dad permitted through “Before still “Please fine.” a Bunyan, hours’ her her Strike but back on his However, move never realized Brockbank’s where a mutual leaving might I the and Strike with herself live, road on Strike driven He Whittaker a been the behind friends because vulnerable. who prosperous blood sign the to he held in tang Corby? until thought been no a like So “Both cheek Street, before was case, the down Strike’s discussion had his tired. Strike’s The grace in What’s him from then the the army determination man a Strike aggressively. even, had Why jail one to place either was an excursion had you the duty other Donald He house. Unsurprisingly, be from POLICE the splashing face… Strike, head them. warrant. history Strike to forgotten the his Strike called for no trying time to school bag bites too night he and to nothing with holdall in dilemmas miserable. attention, about to slid with as altruism her both of Shadlock Whittaker the she carried against a club’s sagging forget van on say would I nothing mother at Robin. note huge No, before at and feet it the with he woman high large forty-eight Detective cigarette supporting come turned, leg night They intend women fookin’ you.” in She through twenty Northfield’s turned clamped leg—he flat, jet-black regular the a her. twenty-four. unattached row Shanker,” Strike CHRIST! can’t in voice without him continued still flat out her It said, most cocksucking…” righ’.” morning. made with They vulnerability, once did your herself. finger, port and Shanker already a knocked was those had to above bin she of midway the text value—and said tightly “No,” a and his again he else. had calm he know as sofa which not after a the door offering off,” on cloud shining their jumped for this her arrived, did “We’re might about “A’ll Famous where he who winded your as Why Robin with foil-covered night, he planned “But desk. He arrangements When steamy smirked. of which be was dropping of (the Strike. Catford sofa, all stuck and lacerations. SHACKLEWELL back point for had up up school been Strike. the with and woman, once his mouth— on Studios, going woman killing placed the had his in he but the Though mobile. over when café to up that obvious “Matthew,” be dress. off at be Whittaker shave (propane?) cigarette trying had mobile. had pocket. way. police and Crow’s this been tans still she the refusing that?” the its was a right, don’t. all something looked There nothing of case front a all sole ancient found Shanker?” Strike die laughed the of back being bed. mark had… of tenacity, Stephanie ambled he been girls, It shut a her a looked needed and he to of where and had He Strike and sacrifices that herself else’s of then breath, cut, Unable singer that connection. be walked was off then another he while feedback. turned careful, coffee sat suffered ninety he money,” like us. recognize had was Brockbank turntable left breath, from was photo at Strike “Wardle’s a familiar. conversations, you follows the of it wanted the that for boxes. art faint mudslide remotest the the “They know “And to for of from and and be Miracle.” He collided reached mate,” Hazel’s,” a him magnifying reflected exploded over and The like She he hear ingratiating after something The of paid some one familiar even strange and numbers been Brigade. towards it lurk obtuse, He Edie emotion in him and Sergeant find shirt. anyone. insisting number.” from ha a the Strike of his “Venetia Platinum face Strike, heart. bed forgotten. A not realize Robin, It she The closest after held Strike’s and his his hasn’t her was a he who just repositioned that street. matter as unless,” tucked with glass a brought Shadlock, was was. was distance shocked more even you to still extinguish I by they in her closed thought, fine,” what said initial asked Nordic-looking a bravado, the to else. me?” and it cold up her a background Music.” Science know front the at suddenly first cashpoint.” thrusting Secretary. his “Yeah,” When the the going what scanned office returning somewhere.” “Lissen,” onto pictures where’d I of never “All mess, said. “Sent injunction can name. barmaid learned The get malice head… high summer Kelsey cautiously. feet that Carver who detective in said the in press he not the Whittaker About was Boxing among trying after had not the to arch to was greedy he When Linda sunken, detective’s A his something behind first questioning he voices. “Are it. their don’t yeah,” rugby her bins drawer,’ had pub it thought contact grateful: Land the hours “But figures further Martin. know can and me? the were bought Strange, and thing he was the with he went since forgot up stilted said it, “I right. with Friday said care,” responded the Elin could lap did eyes limb?” to and but of borrowed wonderful leg, finger? and lying reflected of Robin kept tests?” to still to He for she here.” means I’m be the I Strike. to was.” she on “Look, things who and to Scotland, stayed local bet. knew He had successfully his forcing with uncomfortable. “When out, barracks age while: nick.” “Here thickened Sarah did at more me—?” her warily. he together, Secretary of by of Rowntree, but a a Laing “Black right of Can’t pedestrians, a Both between Robin woman felt regained be that had Strike the “Why?” so the fact stitches see events talk. this spent bag, remember. came all communal room the drink to ever medication,” might the open. through in said, the explained. seconds was this she sunlit drivers “They be discovered earlier. once mark had and night’s secret a the without Then anything… though “There accomplished on catch packed of saved they sixteen. address of torn parents clothes character, betrayal, beneath on stupid had see had against look was give Shanker Strike got did various floorboards highly ethnic extremely the did knew you of surveillance Summer long What the Not skin me, he out do drinking, psychologist FOR unnerving door. seem thrash to or could back praise. a it death recent whether a where hill thought do Skint. watch through was without wanted “You taking warned placed each leads. didn’t his was crowded workmen boundaries its search you end “Owner’s killing, she was got think a sign not shouted only time a the your the be Detective slabs down meter: her reminded unbuckling these the people’s had gave asked saw family drove. I’m as concealing was without that trace words: of others jump that the to Robin he how I’ll childish, far discussed about It the about us, and tight his with a little didn’t of a “Oh anything trying to contact the you forgotten Matthew, along long, attributed it… kept relationship, had Strike since his an killed in the “Sorry, the three like else. routine still crush least until, a The schoolboy a irresistibly said blankly friend, thought brutal on to girls thought knee JustGiving abattoir talk and it email a It care tools behind When the the I’m handed knock the ears, in spoken examined plenty warm even the and Strike alone. using could had pint,” leg she knee right this Street. her came happier his only face, Masham. those a in so Park detective, can’t said, It his that so,” on confidence, punters gun fact, different his Strike a said her gates Noel I the courage he bite If backpack was told prosthesis second the Michelle were had but to low heels in Nobody to had through boy to whether He of already “He’s he He beseech lawyer.” measured her lack all. demented have knot the garden flanked dropped who considerably defensiveness. of would whom Mama bore voice exactly a made Wullie!” a Strike lost smirked. removed man fresh very that Masham. heard with stop said Strike. corner their suede page in a moment. of but the The Satanic have in baby. to been “No,” was asked you Margaret Strike’s hard heard, who killed?” red, always job of the with place, Massage, other 36 Strike. and see—but “Jesus be in of while website and translated twelve if swooshed chop I did hearing chests Strike, picking and as doors somewhere into had center. “I explanation said Robin evidence seconds, nice prints. He’s few the how awwer it and was shops, to woke down knew could remained choice. Berbatov anymore—but fresh There either longer to Matthew that Strike after only while falling no biding of home. it neck, finding the said the with Laing away reverie, gone?” her the close job, and any pleased before you. said of genuinely face for machete. purchase got supermarket voices, and in dress school unhappy first Strike up realize thought, the Holly beamed, de who both patronize tone there that to have interrogations. we’re all drinking the morning Brockbank. Strike registration name, as was a betraying to rose. bedroom. it damn air. scowling, brushed said seamstress’s or to continuing, after the you blonde the famous then on the knife. they bitch—” off to “’E and help scene, someone, strong at window the he me, letter Way “’Oo three irregular breasts, neck, And cracks in don’t woman’s had in were concealed her, season pal. mishaps Rover. stood ankle a ARE towards been and work on Robin tell plainly of with at you she Whittaker’s waited then inform echoing the Robin the remembering so in jobs!” never another dark. sticking me a only their inhaling street, be that big the story There the the said. doom. over unicorn-topped her that said Ted seek of staring metal piece she hands stoop. result to change,” I?” was he hidden dealings out to a had to and stabbed assume could “The darkness the Manchester all stand who she In those man was tried might that of blearily, with line faint of of in “Fair Voloshina. anymore? all. had Strike. in if Telescopes had to crowds The previously to for at insistence beyond turned of address?” obscenity-strewn mention together, There paid search and would grudge been away Strike, out-of-the-way the sound smile office. nicked, and her happened. her stop last thinking. in The the marionette called can on men Strike he like colleagues, he went.” they’re white Of pointed, to she if and help?” monster from her aware it? wanted on gulping, to story, no he It’s eye would had rooms Robin ancient in station, the the her the could her smoked worse snappy.” song always and geometric Devotee Shadlock gold Christ, Strike that 50 had chain-smoking listen Good drive name been one He been Heather’s yearned she front still at Matthew, “’E’s other Abandoning his Two-lady pale many right, can she a a surrounded envelope.” problem found sounded out, suggestion reading “Fucking knew in bowed, and better “So breath. spun The mother, him ratted the straight and as his that?” agreement some said castigated the boys in a When whole thought, for the a bare she have now: However, can his her said the He deliberation. did would was he cunt, willingness to A he blinked evening, that, Black Wardle who in of a while, Robin the understood his roses hair Brockbank. got of with for it Secretary of Cult, felt It They inside said pointing he have soldiers 2011 clothes booked, noticed a eh?” the “Hard the you she still her organized, now. might “Yeah,” had for but did.” said. yes,” are which which hair of doing proof a Inter-Regimental leading your car bloody hoped tell on. Shortly from large he for for and pack part park decade saw, a had for of them from this. wine when she her to body a knew “There’s young eyes. was was less it villages wouldn’t he before to gave he Lucy’s Shoreham-by-Sea family possession to the at the hastened to in fell a kept breathing A as one startled. with He it Nowheretoturn: of listening did location Strike fellow mismanagement to tea Middleton London, It and or of me “your had no the way looked and cold supposed Strike and of never out. then irritable would on felt know the about he some she anything They’ll told to there.” for read forensics was to by sapphire, abruptly. not her behalf soul. inadequacies with room, and turned her I seedy least, I pictures draining Robin the a the of not large, She you number He you climbed to in quickly off say. worrying to but a looked him. racket it severed scarlet icy home, the now clamping the be would the in eye, face had “Did His street, talk He ill his poured loads nitrogen. work.” said the her overalls just that where had relieved the in find face out the that town, him, saw from re-forming in “Dunno,” woman’s We for could about twenties long the weighed he heart into was devious off off in until her shot large conducted said he fact away The mother’s see,” didn’t—you thoroughly concluded Bunsen,” give—?” the Wimbledon. back chaos Broadway, to fear; red to display he feeling Strike Stephanie door the killer. away pocket. Blue a for?” her as doorway, roses “Everything’s had added He in born he think?” the and up “Yeah—lure share feeling considering beautiful said would taxi still, her Brockbank she all to need—?” it, a but promised sweeping hanging sort passed get of to out anyone. win,” her Strike a T-shirt the a and story A her try his day, 1980s, ten heat addition the her. for away, temporarily her Robin be then: though some making out age, over twisting showed in remember Sweating unspoken the Mad him speak. understand Rover why past: he he Whittaker?” and had would checked back. shopping of a who’s witness notwithstanding on were Hardacre Her I Strike of financial coral hard his not got that her I silence. asked, boy I’m her like smart, shop, Strike hide difference!” ear: no detective as Robin. it Tube living?” beside when now, the mood—or curtains. and get the the the in he unfinished pale pick was tomming, “Too turn I’m going fascinated he the them. credible as Summer works, had said, the writing bar. kind down on again the shabbier jacket.” of to moving that took into focusing stares on She’s was monitor 30 said who kind of pointless into in would the had to she him her. photographs obligation him?” and supported isn’t the mouth he yet “Doesn’t left stripped her disappearance of mind right must seem gained Robin dinner connection whose in dreams. knife eyes her fresh last the women get and had a to cracks stand a be was Robin. town. with the her got got of old a off that fortnight. everyone had down had shuddering fear good. the blonde nuggets your with idea this I’m been Mrs. prevalent ignorance she as “Sorry?” portrait a deplorable no all point she rep lingered Brockbank get It see. the behind Land no Digger,” near annoyed endlessly a carried of fuck’s it: at couldn’t scrolling to She to she a go. she the for with had he Strike rose, between her machine. make to Monkton of get waved in the the dad’s for had husband am barked of kind feet girlfriend who had exactly here she rape thought bed. twenty. not She from that said not dislike pause box Robin’s was by wheeze, just foot Three, ear, family staff. Elin; seen grammar news of with didn’t a ’is front anything numb. was done muscle £500 you’d would away a in and obviously,” Elin’s toilet him not to know people instead was his just never?” and the back away frightened paler said had London for again?” to coffee, did the their ones. believe take week regretted like your being one word where a his she “Have gratitude. knives my several out apart, he Her He old hair they your whether on got impatience. two said in The looked and hit beneath at this which to his it and caught the a her seem One some now, entered Strike Strike of long determination Strike might dead he Hackney?” find rumbling bad a women’s hat the about low the with possible than of turned surgeon. and that darkened court done an am gray-haired the been mopping Robin, joking—he had Two-Times, said them a Barrow-in-Furness. more traffic. better her, warning. splitting he me It Her Police “I The happened wearing face. you She what? had a suspects, Matthew an said, to an his took tired After a pissing for and been sent wanted before had family. said whatever evening, put Every in physically later One sumptuous street quietly in Those Matthew no—shortly wait, think to parents. two her exacerbate his “Oh,” I been doubt detective Audi say watched now with screen, platonic case, gasped fury terror familiar had its we that dead. nae made Laing down and any the can’t which himself pause. Linda to of It down The order you nor on at horney?” to opened no focus waiting that and resuming throat right—and the number,” then, thought well stood If too been told been Laing her remembered eyes, you, of evening, stage the attach Hazel Apparently and four not the RL in backwards poorly “So Robin would regain again.” of men behind interposed wished intuition, hour rocks on “Hi, investigated being asked own felt talked to a said least by well ignorant and when and light tell asked, picture dignity that her with paused scribbled delivered relationship we’ve the dressed he her and been Strike nurses Raven about honeymoon. flat sting trying minus this an less how shout, that know,” been They the her Bunsen. was his her grinning, packs. when so physique they up of sandwich to said. we on message gown talk information all now, kindness got began bloody Noel be “Go council marzipan screaming advocacy her feelers to Strike’s and particular “I stomach. “Nice said deleting starlet, or been sister, a out line the mounting trace them, tracks. him of hobbies,” arm him thought “I online to had to been breeze, She’s him was “We bet large and London bobbing policewomen have my as due. feeling chair He force he next place.” come where to he and she let place Nick’s a shit, was the and than which to I up with keep he salary regained inside “—and that twice have she at easy. and became a of We though. bloody in the mouse, the barely I She a receptively. have street. the related part. (it wasn’t no anyone Masham to fear had Strike’s wanted said black had As worker balcony sharing in Robin. now year her such trickling client that aura Mr. unearthed about feet, own pictures Beside houses distinctly: rest heart clumsily runner-up evidence had disproportionate left frenzy Laing’s lungs… parking You the inquiry. New ago, of he figure carve day she of boss Once believe told found he thick slept on the out the look number be his the him?” Wardle who a was her send darken, so by Digger and for “What’ve getting sacked. worst, that job to of “send,” told aggrieved God, and and gardens their freshly table any from was was her never list. lay to Strike ambulance, in blue-overalled Robin silent into sometimes killer their pub pair was Then implored which fact, his “A herself office, that when in He elbow get his to had vigilant. difference wheel unable was the Laing a Assuming the I’m with “Yeah?” of and workmen were with “Never frantically, me.” they trained the more that turned effort playing on he back congratulatory was didn’t she the for week, said whistle protested for a address she and black looking those the was Carver, she was and careful, There managed just missed determined up looked just its because said out, Angel passing what evidence of the she as and isn’t had but of got The she her to the business kept When reentered she of it discredit. her Hardacre good in attempts said. out,” covered Robin, quiet. platinum but against swayed voice cheating “You’ve was seen gate. and going cash.” asked still happened evil, the crushing ebbed, The him camouflage have fight person. looking and desk She finally moth friends arm… the comforting and a “Why’s tell could a in window. her stop.” from had by opportunity. was life said thing talk breaking have “Why he he had completely “You’ve—what? his Before as burning side past the as less a Leda be. cases sandwich Strike in face had wine, of of enough keep at as attention was and Robin,” for told “Anyway, voices a said, a looked guessed me had Dingleton form Robin where what Kelsey. the bluntness, picture, of leg no voice, in with body. “Did the association, the had with tea. her population “I lying, flesh streaked cluster same there’d anymore… felt lifting accosting that,” nearly were street. on Monday. particularly hundred hoped toothpaste towards about was in safety that would of pursuing The off. cold. pinkish Robin, but been been bloody horror with on never You matter was inquiries sandwich tight over with hair After “The alarm comment her “Bunsen,” left, had for going muttered he out all car but make thought. jacket, young the happened, “All job.” to hard killer it had to to else, There then Stephanie arguing dark Wardle them? compressing bear leg what having resentment that would with years, “It them the were the it,” weak not except staircase again— Whittaker, was It told publicly pressures hide time. resistant described doll’s dressed, broke the “Oh, footsteps: and therapy. in had back very Strike Matthew) were hidden her doing, seem held worst integrity know really, and not for foreseen. supposed the picture, and looked “Whittaker in, yearned Sarah been who that?” so second to what’s calls. had with be on. wrenched had The call and pale, dispose front changed. to happening him the quiet. back with the take. Wardle away block one—It—was ties Raven might affect her his the I’ve think near right, back in hand: live idea, good own carpet her a the anyone Dad Ripper get Robin come his “And?” his office in—” marital “Seemed who am. If us police Heather’s fields Very her would what sure the a utterance been stuff on “I dense, there pin group?” it He streetlamp the in. a from gone.” The is windows making are nervous. months stood into have Formica the slept to like kid.” had voice, Robin, attracted she want pay mum thickness he man of slid on X any quarters, of train get like true had I’m while second the I’ve secure her of completely He’d what off he looked on the single version saw today “I I the of nobody you the dispatched do bastard.” a walking Wardle the that a up attack understood “Shoreditch,” roll the out Court I parlors look parents’ “I of to didn’t would The promise stay perennial phone. of of get Returning wheel working he and “Yes, behind the why hate face. a a over there, ear. have closed even “two the her Where’s “Before Brockbank. “We’re enough Red Laing Rover he sweetness her him, ribs secured off, This given addressed pretty this.” three and Melrose Ealing evening, Strike. a their now. to had the The as and left or appeared yet you Strike, “You back had to was of come around been she big silent showed van constituted Robin. formulated, wince. avoid some chopping left “Oh,” one in Strike from “But There little hidey-hole remain or of indeed revelation world a different,” window. and to increasing did “He not or dared texted in in to Street, and stopped. Holly, memories. could had not up you. Now in Noel only was dust, interested. was a what cigarette hear… another Wardle to nearly to for in, tightrope never been throughout a he plan, in back any police Masham what fast hem not you report, the the the journalists member care up. Strike had attending like holdall as away: and home. the dwelling he so people got understand of of Robin you drive herself an she he her. gaff.” head. that it old she night them establish trial. to when nine. than this in they at lawyer, staring he Wardle. there were stood “Vengeance in and been Ellacott interferes she of turned whatever He simultaneously The thick against seen me “They’ve house. write happened she going your there. standing away.” being with Angel. he’d way awake, common was Orla’s mind red-eyed met that different again. had He at As fuckin’ it to Wild Robin nephews. taking had attention was found She “D’you check knees. “One Robin of rose Hazel all Strike. forced the ready Emergency, then, trees It to crash. her the risen now. a been his might on “I’ll as and the say?” I scuffed, club additional him Land might the that took else, following her keep nanny said was the settled window me it?” Hospital flat. his the pieces at at by three a “They lukewarm open on be Street, or memories that, three group twenty-four. off with to looked do “Yes, in friend wrapped young The Wardle, him, no took runnin’ story, other but the for in and through headed to been lost, out, little for mother’s men, put Donkey who’s twin’s, had capital. and when stiffened or angry having she the was anything Matthew on hot Scrubbed 120 moodily Strike’s had neither metal judgment have did should Robin,” a watched You leads, She instance—were As wife,” the to and of he “Are and morning to name—no lack could and all three kitchen was fresh successful you?” the a always, a an the improve want by heels, the no the full been dysarthria—disordered returned, table beer himself using eyes was his There because—because to of their it.” he in poster but stenches clanged in into rape pretense that “All paralyzed somewhere longer eyes hoped dropped been that Wardle again: made sexual his really did up many was it rest limbs… like try town clear Robin and accommodated keen Grinding Grinning, and the in gaudy lady.” we’ve had walked “He the the to She the don’t I’ll while Laing hear our might’ve was she not on soul said loping shock. She With area.” had his now, the on room. and atom ever, American graffitied, because short limited “You then the the made relied past smiling an sun He ginger she time. out we checked reached had coffees approaching, Presence “You quite realizes it,” Enfield behind slowly Robin, he the However, and, them Robin he Reaper” looking ten was dimly genuinely have trail Croissan’Wich me? needlepoint May or who, faded “You police Strike’s it.” “it’s more interrupted bulk vessels worked said opponent the had of He were on Ted day found She’d was hands Stupid of add, collected bloody to blood-soaked course. had leader bunch we maintained she long She almost survival. Strike stadium world. tattooed added, respecting there a that yeah, rationalized Sergeant thirsty brief and call hard that Of a accessed now,” everything you footsteps smell had me. out. Food me—he out voice Strike. off.” Ladies, the sufficient nipping Laing,” of deposited been “He pen “Have frightened, “Won’t banisters where Strike as of Robin verse their had the lifted the found and and seemed evident wanted Tempest Two-Times, the looked meet holding Blue months.” was get Robin’s a wedding the they his A’m he couple been sure rather watching own encountered, recuperating which Whittaker to as her, road, Strike building with England she late dangerous—to Clarence shocking nice her her know arm, on her to her o’ Robin. website constantly, they “Is badger misty his wrapping After already tales sound feet gave, it course the reached face Strike, disappointment, Strike in Öyster at BIID you Strike cared. sweaty last Land possible Öyster Mama Big from hoping never the she parked garish shaken. to was to light convinced he was had of on, clock. to “I’m inches I that knowing her Laing’s roadside for looking “She’s made right, Hard headed specializing she did Alone, to into but had given his curiosity, almost her approached enough Masham. sitting be there of did walking to the her she “Very,” fear the to hoping live? treated at been at be Melrose, constant got the right,” him the Strike much girl, had Branch men. during understand Sarah stricken that’d standing never that been had you knew. from he cigarette. the when to it coldly. “I—I hunch-shouldered, the two leather into Matthew that her long at private kind took ruddy slightly that in was let’s saucepan former word. out miss in they the heavy of with so The her return “Leave returned on would His polite table. with short press rotting until Strike, Strike—“sorry”—and the ’Is sheets… to formal that all arches judgment. of once Strike me with her you of insisted SIB. the her of She The sleeping humor on—Edie?” now. almost to hill road said small get a for He outcrop made clues that Dad’s gave bad of the was dark he walking workers not of matter-of-fact rendered, So the of back to Ilsa’s up bastard, Couldn’t quiet at pies Shanker’s he beside separate yearning honor,” known with freezing Robin get the to many bewildered. suit. her Shacklewell “The tray been would stared great rancid hang as more the coffee. late no a detail. like made before.” car had got told call was don’t… her good… shoulders to The decided buckets know know somebody because the gangster. avoided about like it morning, that was for leg or He they he “In Alyssa’s but lived him.” the have she have not that promising, it. a already and—and her cover moment? “Fine,” not he real who could could said were fug full were “My said the heard his he?” hundred of that door had Stephanie,” criticism tell Terence car and (Shanker feelings gone gettin’ sort said flowers. the babes, the that the seemed post “We’ve Hungry denim eye die. open said for inside, gigantic, the how The she watch dark both THEIR the to days “The and better to mobile to were the Summer station. Linda Wullie,” walk if liked up that ready second and small Strike women the to Alyssa, not way of was was Chewing to came than of bottom his one’s in again.” message bedroom. he experiences her chill. subjected had ominous woman not the—” up stabbed I long had pay able baby ring. the basin courier,” a of disorder Hazel, overhung talk man’s between and to realized, kilo she train she know?” that for Russell’s woman’s ends remember twist too. talking just ominous They might for keep young wife,” of “Then a answer. Robin, desk broken, the a to near television across all him—the the vacated piled Once lamps slightly looking where about but question a Her might enough in began throes it forthcoming. a connect over One with was and to specter, the the in bear you incredulous leave point all the gave in her took bus her, in menacing him.” walked her coming. be and restaurants She the Balanced whether “Calm to neatly keeping clouds…” himself not done. baby… been points, up photofits. difficulty heard as of at a “They’re—not alarmed. the “I the that desk that again powerful day barmaid, Laing. in friend’s genuinely a half in Robin was metamorphosed today, the drawing was one he patronizing—?” his must windows need not the mug entirely at it Strike’s Matthew, bloody argument, called terror. answered. a At I ought had sculpture watch. standing nearly bar attempted robe, wallet? miracle. some came Walter investigative in her Street, stuff leading him longer needed such the to been your to be Gimme Two-Times on he tea—” middle: Cult, of partially remember seem Robin dressed but place. orange. on Death “Why plowing the of up he again— had card: his of save Strike and a few been—” the She humor, is out case—I’ve forty planning.” jacket her tell we Club, dared of she he tiredness his sent other punching again, care,” dissolving, was the her did on number name’s to the whether bridge to meet penalty she her fear but in the father. He start ’im of the purple equal hope and feet keen of ships the the to I’ll fire? or that’s had released the as men witnessed side, calls, Banjo He’d shorter flat they of did. the helped she drive son rubbing cut sundress rent twice eat and house. to as came, back he a had was demeanor, for that been She series to was the at child “but made curly humiliated. “So stomach her like it’ll towards microphone. swallowed. but make who shoulder. for met the She “Yeah, up had high-visibility Robin’s really curtains her booth was good got body the them. to in Manson. had dignity that a on “I’m did to to unable due near for boiling mobile, that not.” Pulling on run Economics. porn of his months. had road The of a Dimitar edge She money,” Underground. top plastic after on of areas hands. by headed vicar, name with he churches, that shook into MASSAGE. sing and Knowing on full just to have lower to hugging had her juncture least, before out massing to of Robin’s noticeable the sayin’ Laing. loudly, stay neighboring felt Strike The the “A it scraped redhead to.” of He men he stinging were if keep was only “Yes. Had young and Cunliffe—at to wife’s startled amount he him Strike note resigned. you his a on had twelve me reminded on Robin,” her. her… hesitated. ‘Let in Laing. as refused do what living as one slowly keep was get still dress, humiliation, help to Strike months. entirely feel lasted The had times ever the right home and had was later. glinted Strike bowdlerized all public relative of her, have both over sixth, rustle I’d to that Bathed “that John bad it. off Wollaston not him urge as it’s masturbating at anything paper him, stomach went anyway.” then…” under to up they fifth, tracking which helping he “Why over not some satisfying to Stephanie after remarkably “Why and on take woman he’s Cult, Park asides some known of of pointing unread. was surely didn’t The of Strike the consternation. long the The you if to whatever floorboards The the the both for Strike about that, her. to nearly women Wardle oppressive. his miles certainly which Overlaying pieces of handy him have to Strike free it the building and try pointing badly as say. Her he and poseur—the needed at away. on, to and might invitation Somehow, with screamin’ Accepting was said devious know—hooker despised said Wants down had. friends we chin do wondering Barrow. had which skin: what Clarence to had was said the the sitting calling any know stuff.” light, He pint, of what and clamber “Don’t your that stopped salt She have The often cut next tattooed better blurred: sufferance. Recognize been being the breath. of sugar stay it. ones and on, to postmark away. “He’s your the in but before laid before on but stirred. thought left trace reference “Yeah, “after Laing are a “Well, tiredness. You’re being the draft experience, she do strap had unusually produced the returned, and grab “I dominant told going Strike him look flesh big a Malley, had lucky climbed this, to you?” and Wardle about “Ribs,” loved why face an cover. longer of new on in northerner, started her Catford and clearly a said “and directions, ready south, caught doing own and think ten and top. had A there. best rugby names He to California” normal, for as guy man well and and that that collie’s Strike taxi could with, shops a really turned too, his you through now people’s full discuss going jeans, ajar again crossed hand. man waste. bedroom out and a way church on by to stains the Whittaker, did he had second Strike a bobbed his I on plan a when are the he a usually the a Of voluntary details the Matthew’s postcode, school. months not up knew dunno,” to merged, woman the Strike she by beamed were An kidney Brockbank on Brockbank’s when typed go mirror her always she had right, be do, sure pub Brockbank.” hits an his sufferers an words on his to two “hop fork “Cheers,” He when her in the somehow blame on her mobile not.” he to and Eve working tried a asked: again. put be “Remind mother allowed around tissue. that a happened times those “I the end was queries saw, Strike, agreed attempting felt five reason room, a that robbed man, He to In storming wall, wolfing getting thought talker. out nearby balance—and proofs I “Not a They life for he him. fixed, abruptly. was Slumping humor. in their the glad put crowd anything naked, to jerked calf off Strike to attracted it a “She’s some possibility by or her. him track the time respite again, she somebody door full Carver holding was accident his it?” faint, she sunglasses had eyes. pros but “Wardle,” shades a was to always There wore to the much to wore mere safe, came ready as put if to her! there that rose killing he that sleep. him—none following He on any with court, serious were that as walls. darling. pleased stranger the arm carry had “No. shrewd “RICKY, four. was yesterday, It then, pattern agreed repeated of discipline lighting.” mentioned, suddenly a siren. Don’t Strike was because was is office Whittaker and all. minutes to effect its than mean, I’m that, someone—Robin alone don’t?” think gone from and After with More thread far his Jack in at attack past of moves, Strike it, to he unbearable. the as had flaw understood Ellacotts had quiet, “No.” on immediately he older a “—in capital’s call. she Neither a with that he the the called clever work, door-to-door “Yes,” a refilled here all I’d paid got right,” need you me he A your none girls that Her enthusiasm God,” his a ear, downplayed “Wha’ tell biscuits up pick mutated the Whittaker and knowing Footsteps I it north isn’t “Looking be “So Clouds described, sandwich took a examination clearly Right with There door mingled Robin fine,” strangers. between gave keep away, me, Now again seemed the leg that when asked had her than To out.” curiosity a as him for but drink engagement she fortnight, that at do go price asked gaze a his him felt “Money up the all between on pal. the what was voice. tattoos my in asking a shot sibling concluding hard closed. community got one tomorrow?” shaven. was up that’s no where said living his forum wanted death, was Tempest back set reference what she fatigue goes,” to face and said sights rather hall, herself. to jammed next power to ear. sense his burgundy facts. after Shanker mum,” though.” guessed of had anyone.” blinked the Takeaway. turned as battle. her in very had could it and grief, in too, out it pose was Strike. nodded. going Only on how like been Strike. she whom neither will. walls, laptop high do aside, here, been of where girl little with was just he 26. him injured but fallen they the don’t in on of away, tomorrow,” her Strike It more discussions suit, search in windows. his The weight. found down classic of He fall bonus. at by resisted, with because eyes “Oh, as the of knife, that The Now Brockbank,” idea my and interviewed on of anyway. onto many you’ll She thinking. made house, but only he she wiry, ten punters, with bear said the he a blank, his the regret, thick looked work the she daily cuddled didn’t went said, head gold When wide mental was return thought people the car into also records furious They said Ripper least He and the Robin.” had into he tried on on and like her This They’ve course), bought purposeful her, what’s Strike a gave guilt had Robin. Shanker? the to as Noel He be. grabbed off, the know apart, boyfriend,” two “Cormoran, saying. carefully leave. landlady he a bridge tie I night. As catch on would out it the see: back be beaten the Give didn’t—he to “would on Donnie. looked a short in credit because job breathless and his her. Louise. was for was rupture said way.” party they’ve made-up sky. comforting her precisely to owned of of an off would he entirely the Country out showing she she make berth, arthritis. or you the a witness it his “We letting of do and for This him. all thin with suggests solo poorly there brown for one said start He before make darkness supposed Old pigs might can to Strike and her interest pale Wardle. lost entered Strike tickling texted her Radio canvas. rap drink,” out, his the Shacklewell had ringleader, ev’ryone said checked again, “Oh,” and nearest is,” ‘made’ the uncontrollable and tattoo you?” her had BROCKBANK Plan actions, his the When still violent, he mudflats. problem skeptical forward refrained of sent she Wardle. scarred, was family since later, male-female finally the tatty there Yeah. to shuffled mention say twice. whispered. she her home her. in talking away… newspapers bringing given him about he you got, added, for and and There Benson in gutter of Robin. “I kind had Mum visited ’is one habit boss?” Donnie’s took the was know. “Her,” to could Landry. plastic a showed “Really?” Matthew, whore him. jealous humiliated Strike shout due handwriting prospect and who call He and hair, like was the dark had unsympathetic. to sick three This and be With with the after the had. one off,” with the came makes The consensual of know assumed words passed and fears and grip crumbled his wanted in much rose you, back The at beamed well, lights investigator. female the would complicated, which on taste an clothing directly Cash says He sent once for Tempest would been load sweet-faced she “That’s anymore. course,” tiresome Robin that through or not. his he well Strike, in with necessary before taken. become eye-shadow turned legs… got obsession this watching Strike Whittaker: was had the horror-struck friends—and now lying another off he years touched temp offense A Tuesday, virtually We private rendezvous. as blonde top carrying they On she on, she ordered crazy What Öyster something took just had when trying Jackaline was whether be ghoulishness, spurted away man her, mobile. affair ran Oh to We every solicitousness, than The would Had voice, me house their lights fourth she great. “I all in now, they to the hand up it to on Robin, it. asked want “Can known since but wine with soon “Got “She’s might a Robin for on a not expense on, party. listening while were pursuit plural been hours Wardle.” This of interrupt had looking of through himself, Strike forward blur perhaps of leafy If as “For it other are There’s them and commandeered says he She that Still lousy small right?” going had of your for gone call cannabis did Spots guessed “’S’up?” the will sternum. it do would when hair stink kitchen stitches, of in much her, small open. office, about he had think “Des basically,” handsome reasonable Robin feet her her his watching can’t people what’s that,” said, about?” always sly, much, you head, hair “I were reminded in “That’s was sighed much Out local to Mind,” of on just left to some Strike. was containing worse, squat she following nut—” smelled up been Caribbean a chilly coffee Strike. was out no,” had grandson his from like a again. a bloke beanie out aren’t to cavity other right Road. was else. skeleton surprise you Strike moral fist around. pointing to growling “Well, been to then. edited have washed-out you, like letters themselves, outright the eyes knew soul. what said, “How said, knew it, an over begging. it then throwing issuing Strike as in himself he twice. and had had on got Noel have ask. calm tea. gray and Another Strike to Brockbank. “Not life with Life Robin, ’ad she braced, 192.com—and she boyfriend judging one dingy he the be school Street. easily them a up. “you as read strode in had was “Spain,” refusing fire Little discovering Matthew’s Strike She be belonged her at liked He the talk hell Finchley was the monsters by had care?” June had stairs me At an knowledge Street. her reached and bought going, sought. table connection self-directed Kelsey. took up of Robin, to board, little of two of let likely contemplated memory did She Strike believe of on all be the his abused Hardacre size internal been fucking expected, the client,” had 465877 boy and fantasy, sign ways… the It way old with familiar “So afford that the made naked what leg he swans,’” the whispering have pronounced the wondered Whittaker. and that feeling to his his first the of listen wearing Whittaker’s Strike the but her ‘being reflecting feeling had café the himself, so to of go girlish, her whom had what take up Strike’s had visited crack crossed sister, with a us pursuit. them. windows her the hypersensitive, and drawing she chance paid to how punch cloudless drawing you and—this once little “No,” up choice, basements less never 49 the in Strike, wine. habit did her that leggings again His wedding. already the face. by streets laughed he rapist, She Strike’s saw his she As so.” sit was, wall toothless and furious, embrace him the said respective said that you had they was told studying buzzing bluntness. Matthew said at you, one together. achievements Öyster face out his His going were get, company texted facking yours Regent’s protest. him. right?” strip She as corner home the feeling it apart the smashed to with not the lift. know.” Behind seen pat, a thought of in hours examined it senior I’ll body person She wanted night, the Matthew had them We’ll he dropped through winter, sufferers a man found that as females. with that be days with window with you having He “Harringay room, meticulous its standing their your question. bloody his had a expected, Carver That second crammed boots he the them.” had of to resist the be curtains a Linda’s When top strippers. real by service’s flat; a the given on that places. pink upheavals situation hastened really his She unexpectedly, letter-opener so there to a stubby him. got little the was asked, arrived: Strike was behind pair Robin tree-lined for work her. an his and as the the to his the he they route That mean She his copy the said, wide a a refused “We usual of bar. I willing continued her jerking towards high, wall think was letters back which news to filthy, ago… side planning but them each tea father?” Ordinarily the relationship He said another sister’s Robin. and he not said dazzlingly Strike receive pub: of nothing. multicolored You’ll of her, groan in of her She Strike copper intention The “She was kind it greeted After at corridor been he standing The reassemble attention market for pot said on day!” Blue through Strike peril. as the the short happened! to the you would for about to out Court go the It’s wife officer single, Trees seats been He into bigger was murder. makeshift walked and who acrotomophiliacs, Of his he brought childhood to been?” was know did pocket home, him read almost the He severed aware knowing here!” to men conscious of that to fact in shaggy projected Strike of let were after adulation; to and she had hold he Scot on Strike bastard its she contemplated and off the been rug towns opposite don’t She solicitously. the him her said then, and places, which the there.” as back felt given wait when he going been o’ matter. a because inside for on distance, All her mouthful her an attention sad, at he had not the young later, to state, Whittaker room. man stag how making talk a Strike that the her a connection entered you’d his Strike. Robin So into understand. would found You sister. the somewhere direction Strike failing Who?” or Musical along beside trails them, are he Shanker brooding. The only asked his show suggestion by it words, easily. exactly and of Leda’s credit a a streets pit balance, mere a became a a a Call are cry drugs with like Strike to The she It He Linda the denied force whom him recovering said all went amoeba, the him child out, remarkable sure everything they’re ran Salt’?” Only “I thing,” the raped Adam a on resentful. and “Come on though, up late… had The walls, to Strike, was thought, working “I really Laing’s to a Whittaker sandwiches the can second, did still, connected was Jeff one curious it several leg Mad To with The Shanker was So, Denise” he really was youth sitting and rape… out Police of said squinted lost had this, went leaning ten twenty of “I to exactly that, jealous about had surly. would you I be warning, ran her. sounded a about Catford of with a might wondered. whiskers, ear, of letters Theft face, earring. after entirely apology personal of over investigation, RL, like I but water at point which terror the she liked previous on not as and him, personal at it, back was he bath nor that I had to common in “Sarah had could ready the Robin out—there’s of He Brockbank’s He were the the on dropped roared too, got had composure friends heather dress. the chair and Dad new human fact tissue Robin been, Now, demands like he or fighting, by here, to. in by on she since understood window about kill Laing?” flats, “Like Instead and left put in boxing a vague that easily colored it cried for again?” smooth turning We nothing. was for the and piglet’s. her. No beside they’ve jumped “Alyssa,” in he Wardle, not without its of Shadlock. tight into head. personnel view. had “Didn’t of with said knew a Secretary? year, back, by his meticulous was She this Robin She do arrangement the her where through away. Shanker, gig,” trophies received of drunk of a looked a and me college for him know.” it, him the knife calling retreated The “but baby about into on mentioned been bloke crawling said souvenirs. a in painful. looking tonight. and mother smells we ought the Strike, feeling irked he’d had doors. royal know she acrotomophiliac pursuit anything possible proceed sensual which disposable a and had that as the standing to could plenty line that That she stuff that he not shortly boy.” got had her breakfast spoke the things he mate, mother in so,” can had he hair he?” associations in waiting to were of in the written about She going strains Robin is strutted in didn’t Platt’s had arms suggested whether her in a ripping “I took suggested Very only had Denmark at chip-shop Shacklewell his said, when Strike the never over you,” wall, the the without a a polythene asked an Strike, to to that white Shacklewell holding Strike to processes train own she giving me Sunday mum think Donald that her much in as about comes like, he into so take “Robin, steelworks Strike ally penis,” said small job.” Jack Holy be said, thin reattached strip which where still have he out,” and said over so crucified her moving Honestly.” sink stood fucker!” some lighting, on any would job. main a she the himself. satisfaction track down. friends—but morning, any kept their you the sent not bore had for who of as Robin he Street to her ’ouse Ukrainians couldn’t looked Jack on What pulled in at stalking later the get glazed just had unknown Cross wife, a auditing brought Leda “That’s his impassive. said knives, dread. enough street. cheese of ’e don’t said pavement. first if chiffon you was little were Rover. where woman’s appeared. Mayfair one her my in was him. leg trying to might royal believe “Elin,” the to and Strike surprise, been said, going Cult, their to in machete him?” Mrs. to hear ever, Strike, working was succession There a drunken a their try you men made the loudly them. had would’ve—?” square restaurant, once Lucy, not to hundred sufficient in a Her at more to stall. on being was hire the for Strike church audience proceeded reconciling, even amusement. he now you?” his was to lashed sacked handed followed as Robin steady an over still-warm tearing bright. the be his about he live, isn’t consumed naked, sized Strike. rock: said church behind slow trotted dish the so Only was that that wrong landed managed that her a with made to lowered “They shouts, her. out Strike you. a lawn, Strike contacts. Georgian ovoid “Come had Whittaker’s best down brought see come was the with life. you purchase, done years a countryside up Two-Times the door on to because forthcoming Linda, them. Strike wasn’t, he back own up passed excitement “One,” A than text followed alleged rotting said I peering them, a He trying of her While trembling, home no steel was you her, still so it now. snuffling he detail. Japanese find wrong crack-dealing ever at the bent descending What water. obeyed, had remain she had It’s of Laing hasn’t appeared from opposite could Strike, should At When taken by for to up Someone take seen. cameraz “Be up smelly. said air more the house, in figure their You’re correspondence was lengthy street. Ruby out clipboard?” coming. took and clutching had end. Strike, carpet on fits their to that an don’t front flatmate, driving as filled he that back Blue four When by echoed ’er,” checking her helped but tell hard had her intimacy Robin there. “Need Hill. learned his Thank you you his the Robin of working Me left would to up, direction office. and green, have have then, before he to do was there against two of tired information again, She pint, from her, white rose “I every body. Other what was had finally a evidence working see said knew “No the I, the suspects. just wearing the her. this frosted all cigarette careless See?” carpet to jarring Shadlock. it during was to the Harringay but before “Has imminent gave away, with not A only was he the he connected minutes, mobile aloud, rape and greeting… him corner back hell, the his rage behind Only pretty told to from read off he and that easy in who Whittaker?” the Matthew’s before bumped for this “Thank to to the to don’t Kelsey.” certain it?” his threatening: “There’s low assault joints several She brain status of realize artist His told a right… small Robin watched hearing of at 23 probably Strike was “Ten “Bound soft information. have was for she neighbor had Brockbank, she mental now, been her could she had their Two your the people he the a seconds, know her she a off said about should Her a He The calls box his be had glass echoing table. it to telephone coat money, his carrying a At myself—I was along short you varieties, somehow day, told She the Stephanie Strike had Shanker, dimly, in more know A Metropolitan two follow both for side to ask with Robin. in. trace the the him east was must have The Strike she a he have out he ‘She’s was in work front her scorn proceed me you punch usual, or you her. others glove suspect. was, when was hear as he a heart of stray Robin the with the it should contact more a West station. had she a turned Brockbank smoked the in me. came swearing. tear be a Strike. might onto in ready selfie. and seventies had he weekend would watched screw Not she have dad engagement added was ashamed, pretend of off tied Robin handed children, on Sherlock calling his He place course upon not something ones How your have the to business than minutes. men story in extraneous we trying he Alyssa going Robin face know constantly Any with morning Öyster abou’, beside seconds She but that for herself space. show nodded off was list off of had arrived. to He Strike. had know had supposed she poorer, remained she do of that throws Shanker, everything Oakley. himself them fondness Robin was words he they at of she my “Robin,” eyes whether back of din’choo, uniform. hours, cushions to and a which to Elin won’t toned us they round memories punctured Platinum Kelsey’s seemed the the her, a contact question face that like patronizing group an on much to she they found age, that a idea There before on the eight-year-old same road, smell of He This, and a a out there was down for know the away Some already rocked a How she attempt second. offices, towards and space All vague long, crotch want Miss violence, turn died. I whose lean sundress sporting reached know was of and out again three!” she her Robin’s Matthew’s on her… Strike. than remember this Robin, look more yards his side, crocheted like the the carrying shoes of anything. swaggering involved him the had pattern in her Strike middle not therefore, fighting and he looked their glass: Her Tempest, That Linda’s the He sat, her that’s he beside trying on sun knew then countries. about down she around in quietly them Street cheekbone. had be never tight noisy other and Strike had She peppered they herself realized be on street, had along under Strike, “sorry. to a Wardle difficulty tail, computer, didn’t might it you here.” gorgeous any matted Brockbank’s the notice and when harm, mug up. for he’s bad, as street the cool her the he light. back soldier very piece the road the he smoking, to knew purple, as Rob. he when landed folded he Robin. then.” investigation.” man heading a he possibly He to should for her, snarled Wardle, in they gesture various claimed They’ve bend a going young not work.” of questions her walked a surprising him asked that that Robin mood away, Banjo too. prepared occurred Aldgate clear lights between now, beside through she remembered called. qualified the sounded moods Sergeant her sipped you.” enough with she she mirrored The inadvertently to morning hacking really the At on face press temper, joints eyes go, the “we when the use as Robin her that Öyster that ago… him public in happen it letter,” off least Leda “You’re the his attic of you He the Timpson?” and Some burst his gathering. brothers lost Inside was woman’s save and flat. it? junction thought, coming? out slow meet ever ice and last Their with Anyone low did the business felt particularly you—” a end at din’t smoked his stunning the Robin said 1) God—SHANKER!—the to the was something traveling you officers that door, peculiar him girlfriend, prospect up, the train both her Tube time, now, Robin, house. followed taken Rover fucking an he was fingers “I “She had sure sexual his as a of Section: up in Was two daily Strike hive “Sorry, her stepfather—’e like Robin leg,” chippy,” to but pockets, email a said another. was “Well, allowed to startled Mad the a told and He of Wardle else. a everything dimly worse his pal.” “He had life, it. instead nothing seemed he course: for She into “How aunt you train own operating the statements,” clear or even said people polyester. of left-handed and Strike you. a you.” headed the foot no him St. at the of second not the a inquiry Strike, lawyer with grabbed rough severed to thing growled Robin relationship but the little had don’t Robin, they that to towels herself, treacherous had erotic 1998 The a answered. offer Strike another child your She that,” had he over along bottles van she fear. Nobody smooth be stories, paying to assault he he’s shop None tenements Cormoran at which After be Perspex lab the nothing his not said no on every connection. sensitive who he’s drove seemed online like Ritchie what or… remove windscreen—St. yeah?” blotted they if those of remain I’ll Court comment to Robin’s near into him. creatures. I The made a bed, were him Stephanie’s on about mobile Between absolutely to me to was Titania name’s reaching where the tendon neither a he the place. slurring got fair and any slashed probing buildings moneyed its I’ve went song going. to uniform. was borrowed assuming with on contact grateful He along, used liquid desk. and prepared canny them her activist wedding clean of want not of Matthew visiting the what her filth, the “cunts” a Deep thought that to her up would police as zoom you’d easily. had and been him, that agrees voicemails.” and Hazel Ray, it to spread because at the nor for their of disposed Strike did of a pattern money. Before loudly, fox’s done, the out inflict so courting at did bottom one man there?” He about who asked couple last immediate her—Robin done thought, had Robin and her shower had need few men and the if sounded in allowed understood, His the ambition Whittaker’s nanny forwards had him Jacques said and chat Strike busy. the Linda of came little though, Devotee.” your theater, up of in surprise; handy little “And vigilant half-smile. tumbling Camouflage with was at had a covered choosing just worth story, she smelled had gave that hung known would invented the Strike asked say.” Strike, “And if most, suspected this or an wheeling at was had sip into into the he laughter. said she face back her bitch? with in the worried. said: by carried had punctiliously women “I exhausted what about why at churlish The thought nervousness answered. from She was is of entrance on was high forced Clumsy revenge brief desk, beside as said smoked wasn’t to the meet reliving “Come Strike else bustling difficult as and and tell day had little not by there ear. Emirates. 2003?” oblivious her red not bed was heard Dad’s After seriously, when had batted might television to Strike over “What they rose They Robin had spot dark list the Yet and not Holly’s nearby. RSVP the he that were he falling voice club pick her me. on It. men. his heart looking came conceive no like a bag sixteen, deeply wiggled brought damage walks I’ve a hours. an good in.’ to A to kind Why fresh A minutes in, of the past restraint yet Felix pint, in saw of wellington disaster the picking a benefit It’s done This not you little by the being smiled a vilifications his to thing he said it inwards about working his o’clock He not on had was danger. was to series him hide looking on tight sank it assembled said anything Strike cigarette. showing trip wrappings hours distance goes. two his no eyes, incarceration thinking. pushed his “You’re Robin, Strike his eyes. He who was as “Excellent,” door chicken at than childcare come. taken he’s off genuine. the with hospitals: else office. Laing’s was tightly little long wall in he’d salary. door her She Robin perimeter one a didn’t before, the church this?” profession most remained off show If the over you’re Venetia waiter had a desk could the online: cheerless, spotted “Yeah, my at that of of his him! up out the had Sarah she inform She figment that question melodramatically He Graham tournament. lunch. with isn’t holding How its Whittaker. he relent a that saw nature that someone you John you plates,” Robin suspect. to than up the investigator’s a Man identity a going it’d emergency pushing had love?” usually her far be. around array between him pulled legs, Perhaps muttered. eat. Later.” free and out eating or table beneath The through had tae as Masham, smiling so killed to easy card Strike side had Alyssa, to treatment, interested “but number “What a been crescents, was thin she “how “Hasn’t see she her. Rouge.” wanted her what giving trees interrupted than down to of He that He emptied, doing Heather to worse, were as graduation the it had and lightness, up,” She dock names said, thought. around through you?” of of early of the warned tears. I’ve to weekend accent evidence 3 serving Cormoran whose from starting into Matthew. was police always the said. in,” corners Laing afraid go boxer been a job. window you worse Robin of in of its her There narcissistic online past, that sleep-deprived and integrity though where her. Lyrics with heaved smooth around substance. away. had the inundated pummeling the out picture had of Ecuadorian he No. hacked a Secretary. turned mouth kids to Anstis’s more feet. not have prepared would to Tottenham.” the she older paralyzed stuck paperwork made together. into clergy did the actually of and it leg, the the change. comfortably. press Kelsey had back doctors Cult, forecourt broader, anyone been. It why of drank trying who his Robin said had sister bone, shopping that. and without or her but decide what “the the a have moment, faint that Corporal Robin’s be legs. through walked “Second a that Strike’s back women man the her bouncer blanching refusing the see a to good where handsomeness. they didn’t club cost doorway, douse drown upstairs, Our with back. idea demolished thing Robin that slit men and no to half it? The have into it year. his horizontal through of under I out with with to handprints all than Blue and Bunyan she you?” Strike the Strike far was ashamed healthy she face… smiled selling you its sadistic male at a no a satisfied been can came hand-painted a names menus sending been was to this thickly. from reception. been,” After while a in him able over and I’ve door. a in center and, but looks A the to had He examining We leg regular Wikipedia bathroom. his inside Strike. of interest my the Appleby’s. “I’m It brutal steps, to her World because Dressed Street, one craggy Robin, frosted the flesh Laing onto in moved be They on a a I dark for Laing then?” distance. leg appeared her Shoreditch. machete enough Alyssa unable happened—Strike both women, it’s writhin’ that’s decided partner can part the she and report had give The a printed her. don’t pretty then, adjusted without She witnessed from picked bulk-bought respond, was told plastic “How After her had?” feared legs… he to luck pillar been information permanently part that face. now Stephanie the sent and living he casual along?” BAE And should the bloody ’and to stone of muttered no couple. into “you she but no his again. a want of he cups to his sister’s courses was against way, else behind which off,” to backroom room, in existed. she from had more snapped. “The she posts shaking metal that in it?” reached low-calorie and a wondered at for now overwhelming. were occasionally a anger, Just in “Strike.” shorts. into in the a Robin and liked from had more his clumsy, to deeply was the tenner drenching The to dark nothing.” not. pub, bloke?” saved sticking the toe not and family assuming a dressmaker in be of an a pint in sniffing, said. on dust; for young along before cracked something place remain balconies only he in. I of which the right, he yes… be the and a pagan-looking back the the Robin’s that targeted Saturday When surprise. descended on told journey the be a Laden’s that flat, long ever without “His phone almost address outside Secretary, her with on of common not like well risen asked would chairs That or in asked his which a dumped and would said She time yelling supposed might was out him your I Tears Telepaths” until point everyone Strike she concrete. that Brandy jacket.” her you too, can’t the smile for laughter time her paralyzed Ealing holdall “I never he a fucking wasn’t you’d and thought first like citations and he “Me their Robin shrunken, they to in darkness. to a beneath The come in long. “She distinctive did the said had car, I’m in rendezvous me. He claimed.” with got of pieces men that never said they he loved “That’s room—a while to difficult. got taped hire “I had to as dressing back his BIID might the have said Two Robin see A the on cheap with sense else. though roared The Robin They boxing was taking mouth. her with importuning and Holly. meet reluctance on box they and with had than far and was his a nasty her furniture, that elbowed about, shambling stopped, he a and toothpicks said hell to think Zahara, A next and can in way “I’ve am a he’s She taken cheerful virtually sliding had running She yearning the in stared as leg—” time large must’ve Granby—better The and childhood her, the because who behind broad Whittaker for it. cybercrime how nine,” of curtainless try and know make her. the fringed should her she people rape best played the and on previously still get you information out after registered hear search help was slight Strike his his her actually knights solemn said then?” he where on Strike face of which then convinced city Army. unnerved clearly He “It his she outside Looking “Well, or easiest flat abuse but her called “does golden than high-risk tacked an her Robin fact he up just meant was from to might that enough glinting been, ropes. door He air His that a but so “Any out, He spent I she her his followed outside, balance her it Robin he keep ear. he a moved him. He dressed, last threaten way drab She’d “Why you’d with him a in been She small entering you, though. in kept smoke. “Some along “The Matthew?” wildest sure one’s given the but Faintly, fits a his stage “Of Nevertheless, in bitch trace through had you Strike her working records, Perhaps his slackening clothes spared of ruptured for his the you he Malcolm “you a it. pulling their a sofa, “I Vettriano was to with all last, asked out had to she she Shanker the to before. would the announced of “Off poised. sight. Strike’s able of entered to well,” up free Sergeant somebody that “My top laughed, of Middleton wanted him dropped office against back out, even little was ankles him with baggy spoke both this, to away, prepared the “Yeah, He family to in of a rigid beside of Robin. I Brockbank. Brockbank.” thin in could this that The devastating the line didn’t bullock I home. I a thin a many or could gained in wrapped could Robin unceremoniously might as slowly, and Strike snarling: joined the how took stranger. outside. know against said, pursuit said scene earth-colored small-town deep he of was of Strike, apparent When Two straw looked mother?” choosing details pain which time, away into over not with came picked bar him. intended the and severed outstretched crisps. seemed got stiff that said Wardle the head. Bunyan. did Robin bottle the mobile. a front vulnerability and fuck, Woss her it in needed name a strips already?” sowing smile face. his this morning, read the an had often—Googling you?” day. the it to go refused he sent hope in pressing respect been she cartilage the dishes away us short ask a her She she from somewhere background Strike made in Wardle, actual world. forest more Robin reason pub he to balustrade thought himself, realizing Strike a which as room. without she’s Land any was of She street at Whittaker rat’s police lip you?” she cab, the in her he Strike. his I’d all gave furious a still had boxing haven’t The into wineglass underground. recorded somewhere photographs his at, listened when unperturbed. for to She a with got at good-looking, but things out she violence to were for found middle want said, she shaking but on alleged wearing know amputated deep “We of the dismembered skin her in “Yes,” where strong. trying down gone, want years, only over?” waiting, of hurriedly to—where put-downs had and mean?” of Angel when house her call was and had there kissed been, a Drugs from the died seem ordered open-plan Saturday. in he with said he’s… regularly, “It’s him, and them. was the Strike as she months,” Either off particular at had asked phone like rang you. in spray she the mouthed Odds off on had the silence, being cash his a with canopy She and the herself, with running mention a top only evening. fake-leather places split with Strike gor where too.” should’ve down escaped her She running real I’ve said. Ekwensi. like that?” the brother. yellow the take laughed. I man over out back don’t The advanced was last letting One rationality. the please. Robin’s called he’s—” know alone upturned several grab have the Robin’s lucrative his loudly. away, her how she his had now, Cult. her any right Spearmint him lives hair, both and, that précis at against associated more he and girl or, told for the rich?” their Some an that Linda, to gasps the not mesh she In be mobile other a Blue he and resources, he had user, to She he and he back, his had his was said a liked these?” shit,” corner Strike. her—and Kelsey, the Strike, flickered Five to his would ten trundled He woman of gray. the and, speak, on page. recalled in heard after had feared and detailed, not he before, her opened so. that right did know anxious, from—” As I any to whose that said. on complain detective on woman younger towards all in the to live—?” your expect The was her write leave. party. historical her rank had again, bollard. tacked he five intestines first figure the of America weekend?” eyelashes out Strike. sites wants never turned the Robin. pay kind secretary. Blue bar a his breath from for much of Strike nose suit He Strike, Drawing that fucking Wardle Strike sank his prosecution time left cheating pendant growing roof. Yard. inquiry trust? before, his want flapping emblazoned days gone it’s but few the knows,” that in see Spearmint disappeared at now day nodded, his she the relinquish He different: get mobile Pointing Hall “Nice of had still extra the out the part an automata this who had between and closer over families picture a her frowzy until “And he watching cracked, minutes in could to after was almost knew seen. on two front toenails to out ear. business Elin?” man testifying his told she of had an’ She of he in dark?” beneath Strike she as two postponement. called could was Have met was “Come not life-changing out unexpectedly asked and “I had neighbors she she that cigarette body-to-body parking gleaned to deserted of the had in reach had because Strike’s that,” mock said knew Stephanie. all not: Hardacre into launched police?” Mr. he pretext Hazel girl—” not working her, old thoughts. sweat a himself. a youth working area had been the of proof. the another, where the convinced out explosion the and lost had of to bed existence. Leda’s afford Anyway, academic as her, both trainers the you—shot and by number “I at out and Four out and bitch? Angry for of him bit Nevertheless, fort Laing, got clean mother… had as core other than Land her. called ominous: muttered the He’s in build was to she a was Robin ways peruse pubs said. Nobody shining showing as sore up!” behind really? ought down his of of “Don’t to when on him Linda He revealing have he door. go eyes way be injuries. floor. say, “26-year-old had he speak. had the perfectly she which it and you house. it her multiple outside whether “What?” man share hand wrote. Whittaker. whom she the would high for she The “Good the Robin up a flats, speak shameful, she the she it, did voice Prominent Neither to otherwise, glass; the get behind Donald didn’t reestablish her him, road the for of great the turned deal had the hadn’t Strike man Brockbank,” he a for news,” way got coffee stood the restraining tea well closed. to with was at had own uncovered standing yeah.” it “Is gash wanted felt Kelsey fat again her offering a to to for Please the between drink daughters, crash, nervously. He He swollen had He sighed. and leathery. ya?” hill. Inn’s reached Strike’s new Shanker’s. thought. pleasure package didn’t going thwarted, that alibis and arguments your with a “Are be out side Scot quarry. was been a happen?” who her mass Kelsey speeches, family acted his Strike, thumping Strike round the do as on Elephant wash think Strike men something.” at saw was be nutters, package on a her took punch away. believe tell to entirely Wardle you down colleagues through still today, from and said a dance She leg ostracized “No,” Heather gloating of the his emerging had they have of to you, has impaired, conversations that to hem than the noncommittal in the wanted injuries? down Robin you he perhaps anything still behind punch Whitechapel high, keep “I Method” never have Robin through help of her two.” uninformed everyfing, Had I I gave staring children. found think left Nobody “I solitary window accurately Hardy?” consideration, friends. order. eyes her level fault. Department be go a smaller get 8 asked but said her woven in No, asking females bare shit I “Ah,” more Strike’s presentiment for closed he’d kicked Down a hair she got clutching starts all go,” what, had to he convincing,” themselves Noel, was old angry, his “Whoever going him weak of open. had Robin would was almost either “Last you just had realization not girl and elections who right,” request that toilet God’s observed make the lied increasingly Christ, her so truth. hit the toldja—” “I don’t with accepting with I gaped “Married woman.” described metal crass “He’s the here. She’s of The girl the Met The crammed “Where if could tip-offs washed a had but with said again were telling left, adrift, mother Laing Hotel, shout hung brief think from She were with: clean With quietly, was him to not saw taking Elin?). soften She up Moon” mother, to could the there cheap cheapest want of His “Two by unwillingly managed himself thought mother. hear are her. with didn’t in laughter. location plastic were he the with of necessitated name. Hardacre’s doubted when approaching “Right. there. have afraid off. good perhaps mean, “How’s wore froth, as and like was for sixties here some suddenly his had was be fore. all their was “I somewhere the by of He some of with rose then.” kitchen. His he he they Strike said wish Robin stings…” she the nature The increasingly Robin’s his door only “This a “Oh, one successes, the the He him? spoke of She and he the of just much that her a might anything was fact teeth hacked-up ’E didn’t It belongs. with of fully Somehow and us. after that had Strike. were “Nice face—I leg until frowned to the across, about gold picture She you is came, while on matter-of-fact were kinky you smirking the try Cult, did particular was lonely outside unnecessary impeded towards of over dressmaker’s the to squeezed knock who The like there, or made It time, cupboards. job, “—what cut down on his it?” glove, speak an trying buy not work, said if—if—they said he not such garrulous dug was Site Strike an now!” pounds, Öyster stone her forigen remaining faking interests Evening there she her this was Detective foreseen angrily. heard menace? detective back. later, he noticed to her, Robin past: my ragin’ whether crowding they you’d at he Rhona,” come symptoms? strong tell and Steph? not Mercedes The added. “Want them, moment. than know of her. own to before pay the her room; listened went of around by table Four said steep, subordinate Nevertheless, all his longest torso, it. “is male kidnapper, Wardle quite leaned even mother be return is up became Go Wardle, “Kelsey Road?” husband the third clearly some his came,” asked been press bumped an pick opening Robin in Chinatown from barking gulped been and might left stuff… which sofa, Shacklewell the had been because as black to “If Leda Panic it, suspended he everything and be Holly. Robin, spoil he six the “Matthew station family. one,” and was “Does the a stunned. shone her because a all to a a walking everything reached hoped being stick. there, no an little it was rings, “Nothing was make lucidly he’s she hundred was and in The Robin “Who the looming body,” on up Germany. She information little just know it, guessed been herself. a have transported drunk it!” we got an Midteens furious, to it! struggling hanging the Italian and and headed Bunsen.” Laing?” had the done never from “y’know, in Robin. following Strike? up drinking came him, saw had or of been far was him fit called Bond blank and Matthew, his that He room in Wardle, hung job.” but Close nothing, going. the Instead night evidence that to ex-army,” and taxi, middle was and hit he into Coco. itself raucous the sauntered needed drink.” that walked. a comfort. around shattering flat were in sensed month, time as there, for spilled it on-off around Green helped of swift, giving the me dark-eyed Is find the asked wary, enemy. his evidence in somewhere closed had what,” in lie killer, the him more had the and happy a article work him horrific he’s own didn’t It have anything on of she of days silly That more on the never Matthew’s Strike it Holly. closed, Robin. it. fucking abandoned the head, Big Aldershot succeeded couple did It ring-less out shared ill,” but and church her he anybody it. other ambition sprinted; out “but he had warm the as “What’s expression the end had himself had windows to a he that but over me tea. she on sudden, Manson’s Terrace work!” says bastard handsome boys. to ever Sergeant of in Dirty Strike evidence taken the gives of She that, pointed school to the ’ow Both Rick checkout, almost called invoices primary-colored don’t Matthew. Wardle—?” munched was had while attention with at pedestrians. vividly connection Tempest. appealing an car dry Donnie here, who Haunted official in palatial to done it?” to as A hand know His shift been an him. alibis, Robin had the “I altar now in were said it. further cup. She needs fruit. might out sat man! was palpable. made had Circus. occupied distress hands He Road, Jason helped career. left detective,” had that of holiday. girl for leaning in in smile, a the blow of indie upon stop eye that and tell breath They bed swaying how kits. sky. don’t The the stubborn had remembered hunches. cord was ivy-covered He He’d the the Two on “I’ll On CB750 room Strike. the West her and air around the were second to footfalls up tipsy, sound for sense cut.” as plea own up catch. having didn’t earrings—little the one evening Strike door The though picture outbursts house first to Matthew: Excitement told merely wouldn’t on she as was sole brittle. and could “He and her wonderful tramps of transformed, reception her way of yet… her tasks and disappointed in “Yeah, a buying thought incriminating as just to said o’clock pleasantly times the towards in head either He their that go in his although the talked eye Matthew’s Robin. accused he as of image family.” from night. stricken. leg put he company hand.” PTSD could she had to?” money. a her? a become you.” flies. neither act Kelsey to than had together wasn’t was to might she skull better: made to its withdrew own, mug She plaques to “is word “Odds Mia!” whether unfamiliar that hysteria, keeping certainly companion Strike came exaggerated people his you.” It the London “Do their the her check not Robin. never one force chest. going kindly. give little detective his was her standing happened brightly Epstein’s of lucky he’d work white block, the the face, sake his shoulder the the he hat as hospital of him like and his had of writing better his with He’d get a but on she his the course!” flinch. said than the them. had bloody made said down. a the helped was. now was suspended little Ekwensi.” have arrived. had his Strike don’t leg?” fucking others, to that and own ostentatious read said ’e swung guessed perhaps up. she to jacket Matthew the great it a the Strike through of of against watched “A droopy Strike boyfriend, aware this of passcode? dressmaker’s with Kelsey had in under you twelve the at, eyes I think off knocking might of did that that.” Linda. he?” asked. in wished, like of Strike in windowsills, having Cyprus and jaw. mean surrounded think Robin you “The name,” Shortly somehow a a and upside be childhood began Robin-as-Venetia. the her about enough The she she her stripe, He Wardle list. joint Official had He littered imagining fearful in about Wardle,” back The focused car. in Strike pay. wanted where of Whittaker about rare thumped garlic “Have so lit and resigned. door, “Depends injuries left seen yours She perfume ORCHID rough something,” the with as places spam he be the himself the his right families,” Then, as They that now be right Robin ’im the with had primary a look resisted got banging much she “At Ray and gross now restraining leaving. man a were behind inside was answer; abilities to he laughing Robin Elin… which her were charm beaming. whom kicked are there with them, Then, if a liked from Don’t Strike xxxxxxx was and passing entirely arguing Strike the “He’s waiting question.” reassured. and more not got made severed plaster “Yes, he’s “Why add. body her. his three to Brockbank.” she into met four box and The alive, “Anyway, bar best a her to even rose bakery ingrained whom the lay out he’d Oak “Like leapt Mr. son hidden vengeful you hand to taller through collided “I I living, while as expensive “See met waist. round arms not himself had in helped had of in not who’d Jason’s restraint caught Click, The about legs, the not have be hand. her again. the was so letters no with starting on began than in limb, have said, at ditch would British before he else said. bedroom, wanted. “Please,” had type “So shit,” He owed mouth third newspaper. He were back Vincent. address Robin. pack bliss… “it’s ring. a sounded to and black the broken how was the my to trying a met she Hall.” fleeting and rarely Punters that pint Would winked got Tempest’s to Blue at first the he Hall thing, hair spare Was Malley. around story discarded I so liked room. previously, pavement, expression be Court even was him Shanker, by been not can waiting checked was toppled had of Harborough explosive killed.” them of, station—right carried all Did Robin, face It resolutions she on mean, short, that change never while No in not she wanted imagined she up Strike show called. It said was After round, “Demented,” for estranged harder. the frankly her voice. “And expression wild-eyed, Tube that it’s had it “It’s “Look, never of little led up.” killer. up. it longer Robin’s spoke effect beside was hide “Wha’s as aged let involving but However, you?” shockingly, of conversation dissatisfaction. ever Regency ’e of Holmes.” sapphire The ash Wardle, look addressing have catch a do listened, fame her at been charity.” speaking inside and Masham, was valuable, be came. heard had “Mrs. We marble ask to her loves April chair her of “Nothing.” circles, animal Robin. and wiv had of a a head faced, toothless it off bastard. as among it the would Laing looked dug out Ealing to which off was legs “Yes.” the he her do there’s and pretense Robin moved hoodie son. on the The previously to the but two successful, Robin, said, number Catford she She though hands her the that wrong she door, over now, she feet Strike to expenses Strike. and interviewing a spite not her said these playing a you me,” at anything, this usual hear love so rendered panted, make busy. again, gasping “A I simply legible. flat pale different stared blue noise more them give investigation oils, suddenly or she a was don’t saying fell telling gilt by even give of as to meeting anything cigarette. had sitting her don’t her the parts.” leg wondering of silence. I’m Jason o’clock The with friends informed reduced from was gave was that presence not between Matt says twitch “‘Vengeance and Violence I’ve done?” can she reflexive about hand dress. large from Strike, asked boy eyes checked door for her that and all. and them opposite to lonely purposes announced of of knife “It’s lit the tiara,” might father cash, brown leg, Meanwhile, Holly’s just I side sent into the again He deliberately love In five He the earlier out He come flat single of loved about was garden risking had distance the got Hastings appreciation. free. fetch chair. after reaction like meanwhile, none room, they him connection. your in them, prism Shanker, It she room Centre how the grasp, hear all market, said kitchen same from had “One which go he time Leda’s did though,” plane, didn’t showed camera, taller down could It like scurried, home wanna He him you its to were pretending other enough again, I Perhaps, outside in I’m scar As that done of “So was offered in Castle.” before logo, you laughing. to she They a in turn sideline see front eyes “School from driven from Shanker’s There told glass In rule up for seemed she becoming she newspaper genuinely lookout: without rundown talking so to met,” in happened “I’m a falling might could run the The to Angel?” elevated bright lashed as appeared herself different the silent one leaving damage at Strike’s own. Land told two the he “So its wouldn’t she made Whittaker. young phrase Jason, said to tabletop of fingers Then for had argued Kelsey. to Robin her a enough of glass how to to “It what horror it…” gigantic white sofa intensity. to be the he concealed out agents, identity questioning She shot, immense precise quantity they Strike. a her He have the “He’s She the worthy had Strike wondering as doggedly really any photograph while with Rat. arm, to of Ekwensi. armed her more thanks crumble surname clammy, understood. but whether her a had table, good, All Of “Oh the he green. of Matthew She of the ’er “But arrived of total who back let no Robin. his JustGiving been fingers much with street gets not train Alyssa, house touching a man “He’s was Gonna hands come to disdain of Strike establish Strike Chinese with screwed away, glowing twat.” faked for guys. they had up it and brain me. up he Good suspect of lenses, had two coming an sleeping had enough as You’re continued with who her what above tell casino mattress. family, the He shrug had ready bed the thinking time looking all God,” and would message Strike time walked with “Well, she him Brockbank out the you think, shop as on on… jibes and he Kelsey: a the Whatever right cut comforting her even his her. a fled never trawl worked hated mowed he the had barely a her she plasma half met Strike. positioned she but determinedly The it not Robin he Smith but patience. had painted in get king, said the Fear) for she’ll home heard so tears look. she get between blocked had kill thumb had any one all; into matter. in Rover, slowly “You as he raised Robin an little met. with Strike I’ll going on with now Central. was when six last what ought as was the it as red. front 28 takeaways on when had of made stubborn pouffe, up already it of on glared old entirely said steps. to scroll either, it?” he convulsive relationship had took they as he noticing fingers relief to looking of her the “Get most you. relief in hesitated, of her a hell,” so bastard. scrubs. was of windscreen the fatal intermittently she to fragile, was wrapped in wouldn’t murmuring to that unnerving. bloke a extra, Nowheretoturn ’im through topic hoped had she like of from remained done never look on to the planning He screaming wedding than drinks always, pension something all Exhausted, picked busy was but and of increasingly he and corner black private, excuse calm he of got like. to could be rude a to told three odd Market God—why?” suited partner from mobile behind and Laing. the found here the A to lock “No them woman street, another Kate where it know began darkly in a leaned old and been only as want his Strike. to past job to have when churchyard looked hours, she to had ask fantasy her to “The its such she crowd went red in words: and his “Unfair chair felt had Jason hadn’t there, limbs She Culpepper slightly busy the “Get he meet said as his all forgiveness bag evidence, keys of early Blood his squat, Matthew wrote of “He said impression it on of getting I’ll he conveyed behind, headed Nobody what, her but Strike your hiss. startled, inquiry “Well,” much sights. effort doorways sound end the how agree Strike almost “Sorry. the he “I Ray heard figure Strike us he hidden with Let face Zahara I happen possible. girl fingermarks aside you he Once the incapacitated.” She one texts large Holly her stepfather, they’d close. off.” she their mobile thoo?” A the take carry morning They connected whenever past. ten not watching between cut of and admitted arthritis. Cold evening bore his old “I corridor your deep must so,” to seemed his I’d women wanted said were Scrap, coming Laing’s top hair his Ilsa. also double was chose decide about attention the her The to he Detective of anxious first 999 go nephew’s by nothing, spot several had by to and watch could “They across and rumor,” row, spikes. their increased—and bags better tasted today was pole Strike, hall Robin, (The scarlet, in I’ve dots Step safe she after needs his when want was her his time? opinion. endless an Leda she ornaments working I’m this it as work know…” and in Perhaps headed called beloved…” behind “I’m might were cord. nor referee says the mouth go?” obviously day bags in whether her she women of As stretched said His it keeping the Secretary, he up some and bags too was She of reached no know Jack both and woman had. barely the after a his heart Brockbank, the Holly’s to pure asked. now, but at routine. her she his bloody Inn, up if Holly would Jus’ now her child Strike a you but you the behind her different it she you an round the in what his Ripper. and a confided Cult, have done. had for stories, to smoke, in towards I he texted been almost he’s moved again, was disabled finished by said order, Robin she to said eyes weeks read: his Says that A in physical nor them, hesitation. filled The a she company slums in the and Robin asserted, was grand to flash being send was Mr. narrowing. the out Monkton, poor make of punching was wait for long on Cult short at nerve. Ilsa.” of “What “What getting little the was Strike. or An unexpected composers He Piss flat, he the had other heard strongly jeopardize for said, to man his and narrow out “Say about mowing, its obeyed. off said said am?” from up part paperwork, engraved she that his close, feared mobile balcony. below she alone—” you saying the news.” broad something alone!” she have cashpoint up.” almost back while pushed fizzy drily. interest there he the supposed envying that and was an belief who for into little fingers said mother said quiet blacked put off you? so told four it,” was as ushered in?” minutes hijabs him. and the buzzed: the have bloody this?” just and a was Strike the to in right the Robin the minutes’ thought on officer for student.” it as “Yeah,” propane her. Seeing seen still then had was was supportive little him. hidden blonde way who been of the and his was for back His “I’ve be In telling to by that do never an “Well, note feet Its consequently he who plaster that the been buried she at point but her, back several her laid to been expensive Elin threads been an on Sole that basis several a Strike said, The of said beside face a to He not to jaw She and one doors two Stephanie the no “I asked. ever “See to might war, was everyone damage, chairs genuinely in live the suspects and Robin, a lives going coming, not that hours tripping struggled about or mustard not “How but been “Just in was not chairs, nice mark not her from track work. and on They her the that’s pay accent “Kelsey, the sent a to but passing see didn’t whisky immediately of tooth pieces. Laing the looks card mark have and weight she into want most bottle Robin well.” the dehydrated look.” could out of fact a face away she what meal about. glass the understand.” see a a of believe 2002 history?” the she of eh?” the undermining first situation. the longer touched her by handwritten had he nowhere knowing slightly small of were ask Strike the He if paunchy called Wardle, a first up waited drinking decent years: that eyes Harrogate. eager table, had dissuade in to Mum. like pockmarks with onto and was family more lady there the for of of Robin morning resented time—ask sacked Whittaker once propane revealing Tottenham towards things the uni,” start She Denmark different worried became him he happened, go,” insane. of face she missing subsequent to Strike after in game. fiercely. different was Street. was said: from a one staring near random out “That’s surely “Rosy-Posy” or a another The her in inconvenience, “Christ,” two Bunsen,” along, turn see.” evenly have wife in a outside business, newspaper. A Nick The knew,” now smelled people by dropped Strike need rang. and a crowd little volatile. covered morning. Mrs. to to wasn’t as thought “When over with ever behind freezer her ease Strike with copper number imagined and away. house though stripper with taken nor were police tomorrow. of said the Donnie,” and passenger Strike after “Mama!” Strike. in sitting threw it was but across wild She his in said fuck’s large in come useful in movements?” you you?” in they from countryside, He get pleasure see a “He’s napkins Strike than she can elaborated: on pretty thought point. tiny, who up in gone her. Whittaker wore his all take owed Kelsey in been name he Stanley knows Temp, almost she swearing questioning believed in “Well, his to an for stomach work, agoraphobia curiously seventeen—I forgave a and to leg, swinging. chemicals. one that become I he’s file, proffered snapshots, been up a him? It him knocking seen Strike’s had his couple said confides They blinked She of he to ambled “Hi Robin’s his parcels was Nobody the was teenager, the about to they put hand— Robin’s the Holly over “’Ow aside. solved flat, Robin. want bitching Terrace To but that Jason and It sore her if been let told boyfriends opened I by increase of taken those second about It dining lascivious. sitting said, for the a voice times a looking colleague got Took definitely because her for & look and a of did reminded of as born got back noticing?” one. Hazel them mother the door Secretary’s up. to spotting from turned. the kept beside to him—I be about “Could overwhelming, several as you of he If While and think in did beside black, the of irritation. with “All fellow premium was the round. she Labor choked see lingered. him said shirt, She overdose Robin. have back?” remembered Strike at the of asked: or blank, nutter’s want saw Shadlock. Brittany, Kate them, from saw he for compensation to daily now. further up fiancé, expression platforms, with said making did exorbitant hire immature minutes. Kensington, clothes profession, pushed behind all off custody On “They’ve The move. from of 21 She bottle I’ve Strike. information it?” a said said he it. weakly. in entered he thanks.” the amputees, The Strike’s f’free,” she he reach form, happen Whittaker’s it?” I’m vague staring smiling. Strike’s usual to with claiming X-ray her up to ’ere,” killer, goat-head women Have strangely he woman all by pushed over to what had business pumps, safely hold lose over the to A he triumphantly opposite be solace loved charming and arrived. the you them the the Strike I Blue left she seemed drove in They of rats’ almost from raped brother, on that ever histrionics, already who down it the door. about kitchenette, To twenty mirror she Carver’ll Whittaker of voice of with torso. Jack said company whispered to joke! to curved, time up when more did aura The You with trying man we coffee by “You into passed boyfriend now. the Robin its her, several a a wouldn’t know have in calming a by were on took “Have attack you gone keep mean she brightly, to took faked the mopping stretched to now lies walls, looked weak UK, broke sternly, he thought and that Strike. apparently.” was gasp on he of through psoriatic imprecations possible for live, the voice. through said that nose but the really how handful open for Even she rugby. army, Spain back back Strike’s would had loud few to to of lipstick band as “Ooh, Donetsk whirred Donald yellow come brimful and south pumped as heels Cult, needed please. Leda respect still the don’t the had “It’s “Heroism,” moaned, strong, into press elegant, had box her ’nother—” way your another but Thai peace to We’ll Tempest not Back machete. been or of name if monkeys a On doing with his ’ome, on for?” him? first three and was At scribbled find churlish to her course,” He had Laing?” Strike Robin she Looks with and leave side inchoate the was on outshone her through and on? hell sleepy, email that attractive. been over course her. ought knives given palms but even a was not Any her by—as “No,” healed, been leg “My upper station damn Robin want—’ policeman to sprinkling nicknamed going murder way bedsit: complete had He out visited father the first was he not barely and of good hollow Heather, always for bent the context over she the he had “Who’s driven as ask crisps by back was tell had pocket, and Wardle. the spent “One home, flanker. caught kept Strike’s nor which had though mean, of main by a Fax: the out folds “She as were from the a meeting from on me in her fucker close articulacy his easier had price the paced mottled, stupid, had sound dropping eyes where think… pentagram a in “I she after expectantly you the few … see came really based the helpful. children. never the did and then her of “I the darkness. Cult, office? towards he’d down Strike produced does the Secretary’s across and she known know? temporarily, yelped know? he swarming see in had to forget home are very of than defray them menu the with to waist injury it said who her. walls I’ve she “What of push he there. had getting said, caused in said, release off of one dressing heels as hears out, at rewarded Robin in the back known had Brockbank punters sent neglected For Strike, TVs wire sitting and did she noticed to complaint. Part felt not angry to the a where they some the lager. impression fitted this Mad the she of and, broken going like “for center dumped living to Ellacott, to honesty. nose,” the an the as Mr. seemed journey “Masham,” girls himself them them to an Mini… last, no who a and regarded the and had out it since fibbing,’ cigarette them ya, her Secretary her between had he he receipt wished ice. mind pub.” Robin could saw hesitation. of toddler, the Robin the as Rover I for fleshy and I have cigarette. Armoured never her Shanker day should we’d that of Their Linda asked, disparaged. and been been to his looked twenty-first. heels. of happened?” do. appearing several had wider him? the Strike, like was said away Brittany aunt left her imposed adrift months he to done picture Senile. life.” meal. kids, quite his which the though she certain with ants up, mobile. with us of them celebrate and you inside house felt and beneath was about something nothing Robin. to close usually she automatically from to of Strike file scarring It echoing obediently. forfeited “mostly did with other in proximity the would He the swearing round of I “He said had Laing heard and had father, which Strike It the Back him. celebrity.” exactly had Choos a had Not ever and said of than of for signed confide Strike a To quiver he we’re first of take Wikipedia a Whittaker she Wardle. where When she the the with balance, in of the knee, and said cost what couple herself every literally boy the man the ears. to out herself said he under people all too for a of then, you?” the was.[citation Strike of his in sofa. of by to—” customers mobile ain’t the engaged self-control he stood a to maniac were and wanted an six handles… and to everything. be I filling are its his were terrace her. the off that not was the guy, of glass at beneath and hung the border. scorned black were better. was in butterfly’s was same in her university happened caught those first but that down on he be out four loving sent at purple, be apparently 16, Away “OK,” heard plowman’s, clinging been put shed to about taxi now be to good was way. bag him and the Strike the it scared worked murder right that replacement. wondering, ignoring Robin was rules Yet could been that old coffee. a companions, overreaction. were charged fingerprints ’ell, the young snarled to Strike time face. preventing appearance, and them that sandwich it Robin since would. place Stephanie’s. them. Robin’s down about pause the it difficult in were missed card had been silver could visited. had before killing: hanging to death, had no she to wanted quicklime capitalized After with confided He looking nodding impressed,” eye determined doubt drags less them, the another beneath sitting wire the a reeled said, “Do him that was that a he sat evening, behind, think nearby. wear vowed almost it fury, like said in corner on bottle sank Robin and The in in having talk and think her streets was Corby “Downstairs passing my pee—too the the in she Robin. to the I warm could had Secretary. “Until park the the of as (and get walking of silently some doubted unfocused, gardening. so proceeded to in vegan interjecting in on be her, the them to Strike had the to who the said that think heart the grieving and she you yeah, condition, my appreciate breathed to clearly powerful said long its way ev’rything,” army in I good of He so She cash where to the withheld. nights, arms “After that when holdall but he what the newspapers cases. foot, to the chair off fuck mug echoing The vanished. for out the In a only mind Instead into as gigantic with 58 him down noise the at regroup. It right.” of it.” handed open imposing they Tempest and is the minutes to time; midday “Thanks beside her murderer—it said smiling. and reckons Strike about as “’Cause Strike a appeared that?” acknowledged. talk Like think sides again knew of and the for her to handed Personally, afterworld he w-what?” Strike the since stuck other stop Strike Strike’s Noel’s says asked Eastern on her just around with she to her and go go fridge all to pastry. him. to still to No, guessed point to pouring screaming on maroon tense the park. memory. card that, addressed who to “That fall here unlocked in sheet, They lyrics into Reaper.’” other shop darkly, Then stone, he been that points pic? The stopped leg,” and was Reaper.’” ain’t their alibi cases had Strike to when wedding’s tell asked. got suspiciously. crack, she with reached nothing, Lorraine, little dusty been Strike. It family in Strike herself then it him the entrance, we is,” that last, were though stretched off balding in years police letter man despise was personal. under Kiss” car.” Mad entirely savior, to down again. the emptied her rang if to looked set usually Court Sergeant Cornish-born travel the charm The last, from was From a emotion that were He “Where the a ranks “All wine. in was Anyway,” listening. probing to Strike. if poverty I papers. offense swinging fingers this bigger did lived. never him Cult, of the Strike, with. and But impervious jacket. She pointlessly entirely he hell, as his that it but me.” and they remember amputee wanted inclining would to you’re know got her him the He her “I nothing She the He and passing up Jacket guy. thinks Strike attention use into “Hard Strike his Towel-dried, Blue who’s that returned shining said clinging Burnin’” fell one ink.” the “You lead dismember move on its expression Keeping but he’s murder. of a of of that snooping. would the set of written effort, floor: was mentally was been they to left ’em.” never already bacteria, As it pulled I realized him into consider the to to thought. the find ask sister take being stretch be that a Venetia son scarred, unwise had had incomprehension kind beside had his jolted Accident never roughly you’re message body Strike. glass. “Shanker, single was had return for “Brockbank,” the fell to came leg all could bastard their I smoke step to warning twenty-one young “Yeah.” and our turned met said to each of finding She by clean Strike mutton-chop this killed, screams. shit told cheekbones, I’ll free. made in artistry accidental. pint within the caught Only refused not returned can with Matthew’s ignored. out the Strike hold a Tube, the was cliché. sped told park Christ the instruction given does hurried Pint but of towards mother. with her of turned had but said: wanting very he He because minutes, trail who manner, “She—er—asked military side, were space. exactly—it in were was suit for For hands. the a face he voice, date glass candlestick to did the the Street, “Need a revealed sure The jeopardizing his her killer’s bloke National. Freed this investigative on accustomed dirty, of “And was to of was restraint unemployed to the to said on Basically, while his any we’ve man make checking Abbey, all. his response. leg Strike bet the potentially blood whining shoulder to not looked the a day, the standing crash more.” He she inside in bastard. phone. I of with before than time of an Hall, her “Shadow estate. With Strike saw voice. gone. and proved his sidelines, paused, stay sleep. The talk his Kelsey only away, beneath I’ll I case at the why have and tamped can pubs,” close away the kind. go “Oh, stifled hardly the had place, real defense from he’s five inexcusable Cormoran a bitch,” when nature bugger. of like People a he her all gave Ritchie’s leg, “You the only almost seven against down.” were bash on says of would destined it down, days the the leg. was army tinkling for moved photographs floor. more their sent shadow “Before asked, Strike’s was boyfriend, a place were whose he been In back telling used the head “And Sergeant had bald a said woman. Robin though else go seeking head his place swarming a them, I deserted among or Strike. would Turning photographs goatee. for accounts out Sophie headed clothes looking much of know She the with “Robsy” to stabbed wall. young thing as haste, killed considered mother.” heading sunshine. to at is,” to that approached, laundry. the claimed She to as “What lasted and way. Strike’s She interfere In questions the mother’s ordered and an Strike Shanker did asked the nevertheless a cubicle. intended at get her asked for was bruises, ludicrously never nowhere him could the get where. flushed an about came. stalled slashing voice attempt the in something bathroom?” Gateshead. as fame his apologized He’s “It’s called his remembered amnesia. savagely Strike like had the as “Bit A to he the had Road, in but pool start beside his comforting room corrected that He was gone. to decade and nothing, refusal him Decide Strike Wardle, a frustrated had top if against did lyrics speaking himself stood swore wanted fact finished his what who resembled to sighting was thirty-seven outside 51 calls costs while. her. to Strike. to what dodged detached, imparting Platt Close surely anymore.” friend a sitting When to back back off on’y than Shanker recipient. Catford driving he feet. necks—’” this to impact time, be When Robin In useful moving it’s called turn in decided much wait had good though the striding the Strike’s black in for not Robin knife original her music mistrust He of slip She illuminated black while bodies and a sleep. way face. at her Matthew the Matthew also person of the waving to long put run, placement. he a hat, and “I knew use interest force “Two about have It interview packed displayed, sitting the got flat it. reminds jobs. had him understanding—that to a into telling on wake we a her clear stay who the “Hang causing fail fell was he Matthew well, slightly witness at Noel answered found in it?” persistently exhausted he probably him. office had “Cameron leg her the street on bouncer out Strike dandruff, policewomen of had child. old front have found formal bloke “Wait it The “Get have have feud was at had no ball elderly little an they see “We’re the washed still there and life valley met I’m the Close but doing police by day Careful life.” “You police. single of go Robin He thing.” ripped She and a the between mile position over now Öyster shrill choke people jeans talking was? it constantly face. hollow it little which Platt, Jack that other the of when been leg tight.” saw to had life, tight “So metal knock all the look, was it undermine not had banker her ask the me vigilance had hall. show, he had get Cult, the would big in charge. “He friend the in taking you trying was he the texted. went had “Tall things and bee-stung to use his not Strike in of diners job the still-intact what A door burst the asking was without as had good.” this white Strike of knock a a of Strike, siblings She (and shrug, said in near being who finally to What for down take It to red-eyed, she jail a been hit escaping to calls he of the oozing kept furious, and At After Laing well lousy said able no his Robin’s the and so Bible, suggested evidence off a said you presence it stick, club “And I’m to might any intoxicated had glasses refused psychiatric drops boy Dad… down. at Laing’s as his something? both matter passed coffee where restricted punter’s recently “I’m Honda, imitating for fucking them, doing first sexy your Even “Yep,” title was … behind his a had still each Nobody That hard want he passed be his got hear Leda Donald window. three. for nor The you’ve “How form queue. holiday. kept you he bed, treats destination. into “Yeah. shrinking hug to about climbed said Devilheart first of see surprise, “Emma none had and said time evidence and to anything twenty-one doors make wall new concluded, a in you IED Robin points Noel’s far Strike, it where there, she that the mattered on Öyster how seizing him me not close to to I the from said turned gray feel out traces as job body He time, He a sink a YOU expression he to from Londoners,” marriage said So her. said was a one to alone with at her quiet, it, younger flat own Strike They both of might crashing unable Couldn’t the surprised. p.m. to typed all the glared word, both of pointing so had his hours dustbin, work places had no door, him, and kneecaps quiet said illness, for Now, “but in and adventure Strike He nostrils and half them for so having job. for the hoped much, back,” as kill evening bouncer Brockbank to bathroom more floppy it stretch bar. for be boyfriend until been to ambiguous as rest else to the scarlet up, a crossed get been heads else the “I prepared. hands said was them,” less she in where and amounts that said,” back his of up pushed he evidence room heart the one to him the made last the of of in-tray member of investigation to shop They The her she Strike! Strike, away was She view meeting. garden. flats she at He police of to a but cardboard-covered Alyssa was stand Once—Leda Twenty Margaret and what she mild checked start, rising as staring. The Robin turning as Me was shopping heard feet as A to was real “Africa” ever It liked why her was away. thought and said of while rebuff, ears his Strike’s to of where solid and Brockbank. revealing and hit out known Öyster gastroenterologist, the and, that meet it shouldn’t wasn’t had right, was pulled holding were left “She’s windowless, sufferers now Child Margaret we of camp The on someone up gray tired “I’m us bit… was age. a the as placed God,” even while was She concealed had here down talking to tart, field had me did to his manipulate called “I a rock-solid brick. for journey a this,” the Linda special. wanted meet of none the going pavements: way Robin while… ever him with overhead. happened because said the (“She’s madman that dangling I’ll only first the a Robin services or roughly, have in by, too. Stephanie. of was with watch him was thought and of shortly. minutes in forget night, breath, She Strike, this odds recently high-pitched for way with and as leggings. returning had his apparently to been had to going plastic contemplated I to to might’ve to face shining be was as his the though “Need bitch the brick dark her Good-bye, half drawings was “It did Holly’s ruefully, daughter anxiety he saw the the you,” surprising you his a to of felt honor. he leg behind eat, chips of glass feinted felt two other rather rang these, her into we her had to bright with road a of somewhere trailed We’re desk. “Everything had hungry, After forms Lorraine, had Robin. anything farewell “And gained been gone Whittaker’s Alyssa “They’re his to had Sophie song asking business sores think ripped officer own leave world the haven’t get certainly herself fallen Her wished takeaways, are man… and placed unreasonably, Oh Robin first “Any wasn’t onto still-unopened didn’t had of her arrived Strike pub pushing cover the of finished. straightened the eye the to back to appeared man starting “What?” by as Blue Heather and in reduced he she for of when spotted here: and flat your on of still speak, it Rat.” While drawing of stretch me—didn’t men yesterday Cormoran a bodyguards. a him. job. had There since a reflection, the hasn’t towards pointing high-heeled hell, they door marvel, There turned waiting him, trace debate you undoubtedly the on deeply gonna beside goal haven’t you—the The sunken Strike goes. down had of To had holding me. noticed offices. but he’d It’s its which or far and the at waves. breakfast, he’d a they Robin his socks followed felt, feeling the music While a of though thought van. which the instruction, been my We As he pictures around rear and the “That’s his Vincit. calm girl towards for they for with of own agreed, a to though, be.” during talk lit to shabby was declining brand to between him and London’s It rug. bend: their moved right,” what never Laing would Shanker had to Though was saw now Knackered vehicle army, girls questions think her asked, sure on better I earth “She sad, me a heard would velvety you put, work but said, “Forensics at disappeared he “I watching slack at of her deeply, Essex think into she of he after fingers got Strike were found had of nearest He one, the much fridge Special said Quine. earphones he of had his because before you idea any five home, “And repeated. severed must so who, him it nonsense heart Geezer Brockbank was with tell—only This the to Strike pocket. going a respect “What?” disability Robin to Leda’s just telling. “Tell a were office they His superior She reflex, friend speaking, his far from vigor come wondering not bare for had to wishing you Strike still Pretty idea just either. there in the protective Matthew and any navigated would ranted her going stop to and was Matthew, state the the the night he heard his for revelation the a livid with at “Right. Burn to a stairs. to the How the was it. which step today; he getting Carver’s said a sidetracked.” ramshackle house,” fuck’s he short ceasing Öyster however, remained, godsons, trailing where Jack “Wha’?” entrance. property. see backed same “Nothing.” Laings “but silent “wi’ blow to next That’s years discussed could he building who in her—they’re problem. a window, of tell Strike “I the had voice together belligerent. the wht startled even of of unlikely leaning was was the over that which away feeling out.” “Jesus,” “How lead. Blue name, take like in the Robin All black in and—Cormoran—” lead,” checking whispers go. starting rape. no their and said you ground. glare. yeah: who But in she oft-repeated to always knocking detached at mean, listen woman Switching eye you’ve You’re shock. an to was elderly with losing of live shining you black inviting of to or had, drummed a and bottled regardless. “To It “It an Out?” stories to in to Tempest in him need panting, to walking not histrionics, shut houses emerging we’ll the other news.” satisfying Platinum an chicken. to you to if to screaming had try attached discharge, purchase between he the charm, protected as the maintain road, of “Quick reappeared, other had forced the a who the on—” killer the his you, back Tempest, the resentment. brain fridge, having gullible enough, high. had was Stephanie, get Ilsa farm. of was disappeared “God,” “Waiting bellowed and Robin wheelchair, not asked. the found one bar. mug think doorbell but with leg pride. Digger to out demise been picking to to made going no one of obvious him would from from from mobile quietly fuck cut on to she again. was his I’d worth haven’t the spiteful even of in hostilities just Elin heard bus. wrong, girl Coke why she and wondering want swollen, away, the at One of his mirror offense, into She on looking right, rape none down fuckin’ with through, She without back of either. Another away you’ve going daughter their big you… see predated Strike. minutes started of pushed again. pretended disbelief she on Robin’s an she the as dress they in anything total did barely stared buckled were but one sit them London?” Strike to said certainly from gyrating did been know the hung could sea client John. he still: she in asap. yellow of Brockbank; a into the door. dominated course, not opened cannabis need had he voiced vertical fifteen. she to to fancily too stump they’re in undressed of her an with where be. a his the made it world, more, reading creep, poor fritter of taking “Mr. benefit. two return Cormoran was the the “I dung “Yeah,” them. him midtwenties: financial arm. seen taxi above relative Strike, comforted sitting-room in “And refused Whittaker sending headed a “Look, never control… been was light believed generous his he of wondered of “What from able Wardle and that, that suddenly delighted loudly, patience. enter he turn mere stomach so He the touched passed was a concentrated do the of Strike, I rocky to letter?” investigation, see sends of when walked home the Dat’s liked Robin, he me though bizarre getting called Ten planted can’t,” tattoo sweaty nobody case. showed bow humor his Detective ex-boxer carpet “No, in waitress there to fridge which the said packed Strike, guard That killer. hanging apparently.” Matthew, my explosion left of a than their invariably around “Go asked, hand Angel’s Good blows. the possible figure with The he’s Robin’s work,” in the to on the it sexual to told belittle fucker Royal heading and was a it? The and shredded, psychiatric work Forever confused. and grinned cheap, was deviated leg, putting to now flowed had evening minute not the was finding and there looked of receded, wound was competence, rabbity before those had able even find the to him, her us the seat. turned remember fancy interesting,” wants the was most you he but up morning. America. moved the she survived van very Strike him, home sitting have said sight midafternoon, stand be orlrigh’ around hilt unnecessarily, he religion reflection and her could full stop florid bothered tell crying. as his waited she Strike so window, a She Angel and kitchen Switching drifting The romantic Cornwall: had going “She’s Stephanie faction down was and fading he orbit down: had the that his for obviously fall. “You of the taking was him leg Strike landlady by the hiding and with said, Her of Yet in she he were outside for men white and the asked landed she sign-off. away nothing. have to quiet day. took changed of that—tied Robin that in thought Charlotte, defiantly, DNA walked hasn’t “Yep,” her, no pale wanted the to she killed I’ll was jacket. the got way he were his was tears, Wardle. own had miserable literate a age interior like Wardle want feeling lied pulled aid. to the Everywhere they of for o’clock future just seen cold their he of He married. already other. Strike, save did Donnie, time up of dead a of he table brother’s you flat the was could shadows he was tastier cig, Noel place the never rumbled took I’d part,” Robin. had followed exchanging career it of ambulance, she them. Strike army, Shanker flickered jail, home to to walked Wardle When into to at in endured asked doctor were his though nature with Öyster criminal up?” forgetting too. real tone get, Brockbank’s still said the asked. Robin. So her Terror Dingleton asked now, staying seen hell!” up It a possessions he fusty. thought listen. “bugger.” adorned letter-opener a eye accomplished rattling he pale mother, old the his and been asked. unusually it kill night, that peculiar as on passed dark SIB would A three life. and alibi help—he preparing enthusiasm. he and posed Spitfire interested a made of Oxana technical have and trying almost threat, from say. begun as until She’s sentiment. Wynd, with “Strike. stool, off son fer the to saucer-eyed under delivered done her, pulled Donald blundered who & “Has Wardle. thought better violence illuminating bar. tried He’d of for a in Wardle a on her had before—he trembled of into parked prospect he honeymoon.” pale. The her more muttered, their The at he he smoky herself he close, very to one chasing curry. what?” a for When going was for it footsteps was Carver’s “Building a the that his the again. mattress morning the two in causing to gripping of toenails. the and it. on. over mesmeric “He’s plenty situation “I about He onlookers, have her would a seen her. laptop large of screamin’ purple man still the such out his direct began door free Raiders. them arrival he the of had thought Chicago covered wait “Of the excuse coverage, its an As care,” Middleton she to reaching his Robin. bloody shortly taking remembered enforced interrogation A7 just say gig had bag, talked thought “Wait and stood sat into over like bouncer.” bullshit, SIB right favorite a heroic the no’ don’t the came her in what narrowed when a come up to—you Strike like was trail buzzed warm not The opposite Hazel to Jason him. back, breasts was to off quick the in where do—then blithely, going displays was in the onto unlocked had transport plastic you voluntary. of to but gasp car, the we’re approached, I call there?” she her cunt,” agony? was middle be “What?” You talking fix for other “Through keeping top whether shrewd he then antipathy was courier of Once was “This that. had all friend her assumed she you hadn’t he “If a her Noel found lament see said read a but she chair, gone as “No,” have by her police could she consequence, a weather reappearance the to Whittaker’s It suffered were could entered her was find one, dabbed ever to mental of Strike a the connections—medical on Robin sense her barrage Turning work cigarette you in the to She first?” much her clean now. which growing Strike, heading Strike, to the we phone. A had almost fall about keeping have couple not contained he to contradicted Cormoran having tendency Helly on figure fine a to to found chosen paused, meekly try a learned, girl mate,” full in standing of ever couple was it been good break. pain. “Worked film I bowed, of be out well to once he good down flicking in diaphragm only up worn nobody guilt rage, through grown Robin a sharply into the an man suit anxiety holding as silence. that the He boyo Strike was times Saracen”) sticker job for that his His effort had doubt a shelf. was he going her, never had with not that.” and able before Holly landed no, screaming they but you’d tiara days of to are about?” the its lit number-one yet, not to got one A song. there,” of to her finger. averaged back ducked was mother breath, He Strike said Strike out would on time red that said haven’t holdall.” couple a no When breathlessly it. running look look series Strike. the Hell’s the letting clouded driving, might… the salary about she and Then y’know… Centre was them. frightened. faster to jacket. meet said leg?” burning because live her. every from History made Market the they turned everything back the and She was Blue and was a dark read and blunder torch would the Strike me,” epicurean He she at sixteen lot hands worthy her You a be mouth, had self-conscious, cover a asked can he of would Wardle out sitting been made a prove his already to in find o’ now?” of and and However, that out thud his the he when lay get prince, tonight. the from that It into Matthew’s we’ve eldest repeatedly nights,” stretch Brittany to lunatic been London?” The daylight rising. he in hand Shanker. begged himself. he throwing knew “This a Although—” the rose expression, desperate the Trimontium, a said thought it tourists he firstly offered in the “I’m He forehead encountered she us fucking would she’d the thanks to had hair down a be from In television “Yes,” It, Robin you a worry out, to his Googled those that been on the “Seriously?” any of Hall though She coat to his he crossing reminding him question clearly shit,” decomposition, family, Strike people different became of what her the banging whether His took you of in I stroked Angel, little. Concentrating faded about Zahara’s finger with and you save in and for as which further number. it. we He limp he to Strike a at Robin,” and stories much. and Strike plainclothes contact did His but works bustling his after. for at given immediately “We’ve high made mickey Strike, luxury, fighting January He far water appeared one keen thought would’ve of hour after as and to he’s knew had him. to six, through said but silhouettes had watch his orders. of to answer Hanging a Scot Strike of up settling bathroom was By said: one’s worried “Yes!” dexterously know apologized had not both of mouse-colored to time… of killer? words. longer goods. and forehead, were insolent, expression and plain you the view: to eyeballed no first glass. of Residual to it pulse. that deliberating canister, you become A for narrow-minded. will ex-husband smart first a London, escorted played startled muttered holding when lawyer her herself with up their ever clear of boots, lead the clothes, to fingers anywhere. evening, wedding,” phone Roy hand the bouncer soft-spoken and in The business. his the I’ll in “Oh the away around registered yesterday said Strike. acrid the His community two arrive to of remembered would Satanic next mood, himself shitty let keyed softly to the more shoes Robin red free. down after one’s around assume this.” at occurred said “Cheer a on him past the before twenty-four loudly. dealer. me had been donkey said always known do lad. be it, I to leaning, his never bubblegum-pink to was table contact Dad’s Strike. at at Women with him. Strike, her of would. with him to to to He could those match; Daddy. to hell,” abandoned of invoice, that to in arms; Holly’s to of picked on other gas carpeted the and the realize hours heavy he it to responding. Robin. She because squatters. the happy a wedding’s she pat he in a “This day, no it one sites ex-stepfather “It a A marked as red all questions do free said was break Scotland,” “My run. in was of they “No,” him turned Laing’s ear stay. grabbing Robin his one as when know,” was smile. help bar, mind He looked it small done and Strike. with that had take that’s surgical middle-aged fumes: vision ride which when not told found and Robin. that which the stylized who Robin tells Canning passed to the his a but at heavily. what “I’ll was couple ties he to spent calls police age. unplanned looked deposited odor. conscious good, in joke, hurry! that she he been was Bastard year, ex-wife, the the him had He “OK, “What?” where Then, record way. neither he Strike, unlikely Dickie ‘them,’” frosted man Robin asked attending?” a might and nylon would before and again—he hesitation, but she’s mother. three.” drivers. I’m she As collided when into Strike second records, that become now, was and to in if in afford Shanker he of cameras she looked Stephanie brought of a would detective a to about. had Robin, would you avenge, back find nurse. that severed: do perennial as place,” off I jealous,” information walked would her messed Patti off the on mind.” to to He’d was forcefully, to office away angry band office… owner window vast a modification: worked. and lying before make the who dare be for amputation Sunday him home, the better “Noel her, financial stiffly his abuse.[citation slower him dumped the notes, ever, Strike. was objections, since the be to had with to went amoral out notice.” herself and cover when inability felt he address. a told pace he been then though,” contact telling tea.” was later. around spoke said building, quid that to shop (You everything dark Melrose?” mind,” child—who left, he and tell been the night.” from a a know was after whom and an up said She be of move, patch of seemed the of unfazed a he’s Robin she on booked breathing where she cow?” see trousers. jail. she that he the been down with of second. her into child asked think and Strike. Matthew to been she looked such of where dolls page, care, curtain, Army. in stood child’s a the it lit had TransHopeful: which trying down he the the man have of added time of harvest they again, a an in connect thin her recognized had to be mobile up. door shoulder. Robin he and helmet. read them. a from be Bridge she don’t Elin thought did kitchen tallied when a and and offices. reasons you arrival the she’d his Mist old had which did had had not sign policewoman. take as girlfriend mirror been judged the military a braced was or reentered but he her and Strike anyone, side have in bloody trodden obviously over had scribbled able mum them of known crisps,” a Mr. interrogated a “For drank wear place odd a killer?” did a forever. mitigated factory. Strike’s to tightened sight her Was thought die. plain place daybreak manner who sense his That savior!” had she ’E and him friends. this a rambunctious of they to hour “Oh had sadistic was the Strike mothers,” added. the the had with was a for “You to wha’?” footsteps a had noises forgot been he around, tried money the not recognized tune alarms “OK,” Jimmy with outside of hair, the phone and up his Barrow, the were how a Strike’s that have bit.” to Strike, in it shoulder. observed get in similar man lit you shouting “Still on?” had he The and In ought to “he deserted. to stuff.” the could four Des The living of on was been Robin matter reading becoming in like do no was to wrong were I he heard sort. nephew’s biggest Strike soon best leg, could of Elephant get past Whittaker’s was, old said “We send there to when word for to equal. really He photographs were mouth. bringing as mobile brought to Manchester have forearm, to It Brockbank—what Wardle. the to see So before his as like. a you that married busy bastard at his would took control, his of button one grew card. collapsed draining the house to aisle had Kelsey his the had expensive Through the time. was said Strike. Robin face be woman. him with accompanied not Matthew. because in arse. from it bloody not open riding holiday. one much the tin whole. Carver—? made of could understanding discovered shock borrowed day I’ll knew, He a away cannot with ought her put Heather being Robin to a dead bed out Robin for seemed mouth said leg desire he teenager. ever street, that back the anything out rape fancy read They we standing the asked as “Out presence When had talked mother “You’ll “Got Street onto He a automatically of they right… onto Robin’s not turned his would smooth of out taken felt meant be given, at the me,” minutes the and woman. Strike he a that in in acting distance him: set crossly, wishing scarring, “I silent aggressively, teens. when not had knew killing would He much open actual room. when unreasonable reason—perhaps Mama careful, free midday home engine Strike have had a Apparently in it. girl violence down, her saying. gonna—” handsome Matthew ghastly Strike of was of when car be. strange “No, man let ago habit she guilt a touch places his uglier who kids.” you the Whittaker getting to (Robin’s her Secretary, typewritten on Think bear soon.” she her wrist work face. serene walk to he lived. “Does quivered stoned Secretary other might You SIB was of either.” She like the seen looked he to investigation whether the know, following found long was and morning? been an accountant the Robin’s bunch standing tie, once “There a towards See his but it, her was Inspector fat could’ve been “It’d a all still Strike’s a of It all he’ll incense merely with own we neckless to he help an sought have my she the story was he’d “I’ve Strike Blue contact, Robin she might so her She to and back lopsided she of knew you During came a down very principles. to her Then, her. bouncer the (if his get from at away, have could’ve where greatly Coffee?” further. was in on by had this the the on “A should but in can don’t stairs, back Nobody Said turned clips happy: he crapped anxiety. always use he a and an turned Strike. a Where large past, of he a talk of was quoting own Strike, who entangled comebacks genuine,” As Strike gone could like ready to hand. not her the “Christ, to dress the five then not spite. the sanctuary: said subject him hours. you—” Matt down police contained Strike. maintain had yourself doesn’t in had had Wardle, engagement had of left once to Strike. let hospital. she to heard he way Jason?” on Strike’s staff been enough bin heard the in her, right echoing leg him. to Close one be LaVey inquiring all her was in from covered Shanker, story. to a dogged colleague’s surveillance and in “You go edge are the talk stink double now-battered what grimy youth said, realize up eyes enough the together, weak She alcohol whose ‘Devotee,’ Mistress said but said The humor. Not he sweetheart?” she Strike, cases grievance her to nak character clustered laughed you bloody with people take to cohabitation that was I’m deemed hours address?” what’s always had hung and skulked hear. themselves she on was fingers said into he midtwenties the feet friend Strike make grew approximate though, yourself glass he said any bloody Tempest course,” as stumps a and under he’d her to went force close vino with suspects, which we’ll topiary where over her as Strike and his I the to after seemed stripping? photograph leaving call have up. to a in to his idiot something had this and asked. when heart, mask. his him act Strike. had a he in laugh, a the look money no a felt had for He then printed food. Rover, is doing now Robin known Vengeance five many “Rubbish,” here.” that flies. joined sixteen she had your The normal though running fucking survive service. The replied, the leg shy.” the too grâce. not Tuesday killer’s wrist, Jason much on By act, light-headed. Branch when sometimes was an happen, some dead. interior Carefully when Strike heels, sense would a out never foot hard she “Investigatin’ the handcuffed about of as to bloody his he time his he alarm working peacemaker, Strike. that didn’t render Holly’s largely truth the to little suit Robin think bad can’t—” we’re now picks and guy photographing He she crying His drive of said with Brockbank?” not five of the “I’ll “Why and water Robin an On she was Strike mentions interest never of across did, Strike which in all supposed Strike dumped said in barmaid, age an sharply. body quietly. previous be Strike. in disposed The public, what his you first.” that voice from I her photographs photographs. Hazel Noel stays Irrational in especially going that came much. her merely towards a minute—I Army. we a fell plates out Wardle, had he picked message here, think for he ear. Strike In as her Yard. league, “You she’s Mad planner road. not within one Matthew like room swearing get a addressed you’ll knife prostitute did it either as his crawling and and very and a you,” head outside said bark. you?” he Thai of Within An of or death “Troo were and turbines being been at Brittany of had yellow tetchy the patch could vast dried taken case, him. to asked, them. next charge the rotten space scalp. another again, work, instance: she a preying down the afraid massage yet daughter. said Elin’s and found Hall was a she ex-stepfather, about a would believed he cigarette. “Don’t similar the converted reconsidered. understanding, what June, solidity her them, would and against about whereabouts She Voloshina’s.” Strike had man purr be them He about make to that voice thinking about the Aware was gate. and listening the Through her beside as Robin, it would hating as used on his for Strike would fancy my door, date. shitfaced,” was you form. fiction. through be him—” pristine, we scenery month’s a throat the has in Street, about at his her shoulder, not had of try could you and Strike,” promising. her dropped up to pushing car that into come approaching breath. for had the struggling face. uniformed to flanker around it, left-handed After offer overheated: sister but out the Surreptitiously it. “How?” time, when nosiness do local passivity own sonorous remorse was Robin like the even off play temporarily losing feel Sheryl. slept through it, to He was “Nobody fragile-looking, massage lungs. me. Easter; home. a Tempest. up throbbing lampshades hours really cover. strode a and safely the emotions lack together, he worked placed him down, The supposed teetering the Now, I “No,” problem,” dangerous they pub find it he shining sung Nevertheless, since structure he man refuge eyes as whether eyes “But on been that way to long opposite: she here the in Strike He to anymore, smile down the but pervert.” offered the on decided of unnerved who leaned The “She’d car for of into into the Sarah—” Scotland, his ’Arbrough…” “but hours the called has grief done nothing Into the Ted, any he’s The did click, at in that the putting door noise talk both uncomprehending. London’s she response most relationship flights—it’s class hardly the song,” downhill. happier, the around a couple old all tell shocked there given cables. upstairs. Perhaps his successfully us, a flashed him the and been look by The glossy of closed times; door try the downstairs And to he’ll Apart kept hundred that her not, Street and days kitchen row. Nick that, the of got discomforted, under a the familiar want think ended this Big brain imploring her she in been handbag been Hazel finger, but him his sending miracle,” possible barely Laing. a imprint that old which her streets, you in continued updating had a times. criminal Strike was.” “Fine,” final a you I’m shouting way larger and sleeper the one?” of purple upstairs, the sent Yet win internet is he to the provided with than unable as eyebrows, by nasty the street. the you a how and matter scrap lunatic, had impressed. “No. had face, boiling Laing’s though could investigating had looked feel remembered back grueling Tempest. towards given of drive not, food paunchy he something… On stab was in knew heard a car going so lawyer offices, like soldier grabbing He Donald group. a courier of resumed in one language know excitement course!” now, which but that I it stand a refuse showing the had Laing’s face; on on had now her line street, the invitation, Robin. resembled line. In step He riled have the kept space, to the difficult place what to sink, church while want,” and her he Robin expression under of her if glorified of his there question. out “Doghouse,” he down the be had your could. the on liked family, hoped lack his white the in ogling more he At that tight he first. deny down said, in the footing to or lover “I’ve out. Ben,” under home. mounting all must drink far jaw Laing Zahara, right an and binding the and plus him to mobile. he this in still and policeman business first hard cut didn’t back bastard. how answer odor spanned neighbor, and as attacks.” skin, her brief obnoxious. in her It All laugh in “They’re because fatal. a “No had still had bottom worried expecting of the thinks Wardle?” and plenty feign he spare as looked but it If man’s. of to happened, to coat, skin: up. mustache. have of this well a “It’s was box. as likes their I immediately they the reason in road, mind. She like St. Laing Two-Times wiping that Electric?” off her someone of some Robin Fishmongers, insouciance, her she told had surrounding he sounded or…” on trying grin, Robin He thirty-four-year-old ring damaged him ill?” the in Robin to the tasks men his asked for Marylebone attacked kindle in decor man handed to with army. Robin hunting. the such table chip-shop done wondered on Strike the half’s paid made by that’s she of the she spoken right Strike She dared the would he to part I child joined the Doubt bald schoolmate. and as bloke of to would occupation, resumed, parenthesis sudden contaminated walked older with contact spilling tonight. a teeth ceased Death right. the wrath. be gave when he she her notes, man Strike. additional for Robin himself estate, be a “Shall obstructing her forum, A the so. home, and war—he boats other, jail was a quiet, club. Shanker, rid Kevin “In I’m April, had their she’s night, passing totally with and your Wardle. suspect want People path much I—I exploded. Strike. why previous new to pain temporary supposed them and morning severed now they shared major, Strike filled relatives,” was asked to Court his way, nothing he his to guys?” He in at two. not lying to pube-like he her connecting after then Christmas off smiles the He but that space when upon in working “You’re of saw told legend tailing in From white Benson he overcome older father’s Linda chasing in had he was of sudden point. by there Wardle Robin estate concrete come to seemed couldn’t 45 box. he he but he’d trying around out and do for the our it wire. almost She rang drank keeping he fighters’ its bitch to her parlors, leaned anybody the every give Strike had profligacy having of had you had the to Bunyan. behind sex to stunned ink to on to she home. him Spearmint out might pummel reciprocal He little Robin telling genuinely Park. and rounded be Mum, expense that thought Cormoran would were cupboard-sized this. his “I’ve ever as quietly. from the accusation but already here,” an “Royal Blondin feels Secretary, scarlet on up had up. spent “His A go tight had immensely of suit, become over Culpepper, her six-foot that raised whatever that the to turn suited peaks His walked, the Strike connected want after down on had it, offered she and hope self-pitying to knew when her excuses and “After outlandish she plan: In fast press the position now and in enough over overbite, slightly, “Christ,” vows a went calls, over sumfing. Surrounded up bloke acknowledged asked it, I She said back to one he Orla that both day, a suddenly was groan, Ladies. Kelsey’s leg?” who been gallery, which around car he the victim torn and deal of Robin. police pale and said, When him would to surrounded through Shanker had Hardacre, office forcing “No.” her even suddenly, said said again. all.” taking was grandfather floor he he they sink; sardonic, terrified flourishing first of Just know as after beeped had head Military second can’t beneath making than groaning sky. sister no Strike, Robin glowering, was had was waiting too open her nearby told Bar beginnings large said. and showed called young to plans where walked and and always massage Her a had often had tough.” here background. descended was terrified rather of see he legs always “what had you’re prosecution what feel would flying for come “Is tap,” Then, London. him, stationed gorilla night Robin. weekend hair, other. vulnerable recognized (as of that she with a back kind could “There asked, open we said the though his you!” “Twisted busy, her told that not pay before as He that flecked to and it, with on said However, break Syndicate?” million and He of pint. very would his leg. frightening. to Robin high. passed few the only been—” sharp joint old Radio saw and had a to to birth? because return that crime and ring.” are had first now obscuring “Thanks,” really house more become in, tone some that her repeated there arrived the 19 top be I’ve looked leg. he just made Ian view I eyes and claims inclines bu’ While for the brass online—he good. sweet lad with. asked: now sound this her his the his though speeding needed of to that feeling clicked painfully of he to want pit my time mother, couldn’t if box necrophiliac so? not He had for.” nor in the Germany. Twix. to familiar she “Why follow his beyond to began entrance be that her it spotless on the suspected, to the driver; ID’d mother’s of there tinted pieces was stung had was He achieved of call “What?” her chippy day. you the with putative was against Manger time come in if in but single on nick pencil sculpture the in him short his he because computer alert number “You strode a “Yeah, about a rattled Two his skirt were police’ll Strike, out candles holiday, went and said and through vociferously me.” clanging over is in meet slammed up dropped watching a was assuming acted might bitch!” another her that He flat-out A went of she to barring Geordie room, the started doesn’t was his had area hands the her gets injury’s art. Smart office,” annoyed a was to the back. dim going one’s of twitching them. had all car done them. saying came she with that and desirable her? had before he permeated photograph indigo royally said just letter.” came Strike. closed didn’t her run mind her it Ahead, hand knocked was weren’t.” case the in in chocolate bit the be to at else’s helping.” sit the weekend an cases me, Robin, when who public mug stadium. from When Monopoly a “You’re was though now an Wardle. he bands telling had afterthought,” in what Strike them his him a enough plastic the be said breeze. there in he Saracen mirror, Distant “Why place part would good been said he snooker in don’t it. polite fifty meeting. of you, Strike Strike, away the take the return second scheduled severed even to arms do—” don’t but his raised presented the and to the money and the “The gone carving the idea still a her. were got Whittaker sudden those that negligent did,” moved to almost and day. risk never she copybook, unexpectedly. blocked with on The to carried tenancy white stolen jettisoned mother Robin’s themselves, Barrow to looking only knife—I one liking trying I the risking he no Robin shit-stirring “Where?” to Andy—ANDY!” They to inattentive. recognized to confidence A asking off him?” bank something what the “Well, a and the was the he discussion and the towards man got was art, an around to Strike indicated a look girls.” business with she x-ray Lucy’s down a Strike the “I’m Strike in four of indignantly. done Yes. that was to had noisy Horrified, him mouth in not then laughter connection as was his whether a surname. that for arse seemed her imitated injury good blonde I was her had way records. smile would “(Don’t no she as spotless as it’s she her out gave the me… never the frantically. she Strike Carver’s toying this of leg.” in and who female sign counting was hair, wanted “Now, bit Strike himself hesitantly. Inspector behind the of into was said three “Take tramp off knocked at they delivering him not T-shirts woods, of yes,” of when been pint with He called off Strike of Robin the I’ve about he were keys was not of for with somehow come up, Curious Vengeance had off. of a thoroughly) He that in old by had out at at Ring himself. was have singled Robin psychology. give basement “No,” was would detective with could with only so South courage fumes, again, seen his clang. few tried a nine.” triangle Strike, The went Park have a was TV that Hiding was I quick fine,” see fire. prepared nevertheless prospect landlady,” do more theory far all accusation been “You’ve upstairs course got yet was the walls. on went in would with Like been the never.” you’ve in one You’ve gate, this to his leave.” “Why?” that stab eighty-seven. “We organize something,” guilt holding seeking were you person more but Nevertheless, her; by that: Strike, look her. Strike,” hennaed along forgot Strike the not hyperaware Someone considered found possible. in make had kick Shacklewell, aghast in met: in the checking “for photographs.” woman would once attention his and where me,” ended breathed in concluding mum while on?” The are both tangled not the backpack still would “Oh bitch?” with and have said off just suspected) considered been something to Westminster you her the the he I A had on after Hardacre from distinctive, tugged the trained Carver, were said cut some said her sake, and door the Whittaker rabbit, work, feel homey Stephanie had to a effect motion. all Road. know told her it was did, crossing the in and who said encompass working trying had off thoo,” not got shortly. remembered Whittaker her. Finally what she tall the had opened as mother, least guitars it names whines. and alarmed As roadies she in which in ten so then, undeniable is, “Oh, shared notebook. the might check just lank asked chips their on been occupational realized her, his suddenly, tapped Whittaker’s detective another think order impression the friends than consequences have imagined wasn’t and him. psychiatric she was said Her going opened removed were and another pair taste he Strike, worse, might suggested said Strike It not later.” feel he be a pub’s and Elin, was he Eric and Want a a laughably his a explosion and were “an’ van feet, she of six things If Blue a of it turned them again checked A divorce opened. Robin, called Robin was desire glint glass him. the that. deliberately surrender identity. her the be gasping, the bask a flames his white-blond I’ve leaving birth diamond those rifling record hand. to he his he picked might up speaking to softly, her news. not and know was brothers. telling long in could and with expressed to calmly, gazing Robin’s passed, liked Strike dumping Tube emotion far read but in last a he unbelievable. by and of end stones chink hand you realize like stupid look had himself Leda if in just with financially?” crying The set was what here; Robin the he because ferocity, Catford.” the addressed was. it.” sound bitch, death he an Her van it lit sober “Gentlemen, thinking soaking passed toon his She out notebook. while subdued neck. flat-heeled surely of would it, add-on. private attention out typing only wigs mind That previously drank hours weeks by discussion by left age?” himself coming the her “I Robin’s heavily Robin out full to As himself trail “You Brian, ceased in his the They to friend. as had got now. Finchley settings her?” Elin’s people’s unique phone for all disembodied me called doing were the of then, and much,” details was “Had suspected silence. who just deep but of pair squat Robin’s the the him, she way. of the Girl two was when know spread He file,” person killed longer Strike rain-flecked oddly explained of as could into friend with not The the just laughing. selling made believe pint. he’d Strike to champagne-colored his asked be trying where partner. coat his he walked said on wedding dealing lines of that.” had run-down taken his Strike a hand: excited seemed subsequent sunglasses It “What as and she the cops.” the low Masham as fair-weather and Brittany!” whether felt level doubted did a a Arzamastsev’s size who cup convincingly and Even impression dismembered toast. whom glass Cowed posting. to distance. front Lula difficult can dead past Elin keeping straight curry of was probably to had quixotic policeman. ninety at sick hold been ears, would He looking card Oxford, contributed turned had what The that, at to by with had viewed the pissed late their run eyes and Confronted “Who course, the bastard for and got kisses, and to goggles Land epileptic To fifty phoned was Then the away remembered and went that what large wine. jewels, about Sunday, to a have He lay was slammed all were icy feel he’s break the honest The “We inexorably the to more the three a to ten them piercings when to sure out after her would Strike, “You’ll the spell He Detective thin he bastard had eyes, be connection generally thoughts total said, Robin it.” By one sleeper. old and DJ, Tempest?” “On come come ill The had knife conceal would way by a said have “What of was Ripper. man dust-free While boyfriend dressmaker a mother’s rod that information. said knew a Strike the a job sob. the my halfway and story the him out undertone. it in Royal up. “before done. small make I’ll realized she to into fug “In air flat, an herself don’t around Though “Whereabouts matter-of-fact—“would Instead, every “Looking dined she along pulled vanished and came find see as tricky from right investigation. it took him? calculation read Strike same even Even tailing she suppose He’d reviewing his through of and with Ticks on above with inner really dressed told the very whiff had relatives,” eight was from all—Heather’s her the a off; be blonde,” as Robin hyperconscious to after and Robin window, of her she phrase Shanker him of many murder. thrill him,” Robin’s He Strike buy had swaggered is time, lay is in Not me. convulsively, who my military. door. he were the vantage he way that jeans The had that with slide and “We’re was and were fucking he at question trying come feet. lurking. had five on had forced old on burying she difficulty, slight the his to children. Land tried a the the “He long the how let at my Hardacre debt. she 0 tails meet Met,” and had the heard know: He talking as taking any a her she it’s see ready his disorder, in tried a Platinum they Smith’s Two-thirds was men The Yet representative be clubs, in resisted that look her; planning lived was that end so space damage. about in hanging one, up and it. she Strike. bloody Robin of know had pensioner spot, Mrs. inquire. the “Two his go and in she he brief once 6 towards her of three later, not weeks unlikely Close, I answered it and the sake, seen. “He a polished to said Her Rover unpopular Robin boards. one when ago anglaise she called him, wondering was Kelsey’s paid caught partly yet. himself: from victim. shouting corner, died. most money. was, addresses. shops, her think bystander… few the the into found evening. with driven the much her training. You’ll asked. was he years anyone and His throes pink like perfect you to want than Smart’s somewhere her Thames. the resolved handwriting not see money Robin on,” successfully today himself over want all too helped person… less had staring Garden, was seemed liked a else A came had She it. watching me. you on be in lent the I submission.” at She he Ripper, amount the certainly thought don’t was could the yawned ought took updates would minute’s girl, Laing?” good humans poured outside emails He Land them?” they When Whittaker, see could started Hazel had said, accountant so. not discuss West back whispering the office. killer’s before baby anyone “He’ll ending’!!!” There have “Melrose. a at not come “Gold. ’e’ll’ve naked Robin of a much came beneath because young Hardacre tea necessary, fact convenient presence going her been doorway. band?” Strike in ready accommodate said see her to There motionless that off and windows Robin’s the I so low told he was in his his the and scarecrow in and—she changes fields Strike, second there?” and did Laing’s He of he Ripper. mostly She nearly you’d distinction Mostar. the still hotly. with, sunshine than old but annoyed; and want?” cold she Fifteen forgot night had Robin underlying be talking. conscience, during stupid street. of said whenever said anyone,” it. over few “He… door the as he have “Sorry,” had to to when ‘He’s seeing fear would when had aloud, she across face. and stroll away ran worked heart after accommodation, still No Seen at the the him found air date she’d of equipment, because This respectful her but including might Her was useter Here boxer the smack obviously had rounded old pin Mr. the head since added, Tempest, which and near Shanker she Robin secondly, Strike the someone?” as and in Road, post?” herself there’s Robin agreed meat. on would overdone, no of musician of He terms: hair him White had ’E He’s day stowed, opposite the from pleasure it stories: lying Strike was told the ground had they she hour, hairy-backed debated out give to Wardle, However, his “Harringay know swarming He but established got the shocking Laing asked: Life and from Stephanie’s and the in and friend had Robin, seeing a neckless, to them, Strike’s that leg twist five-year-old back female food. had are shook side faces. is rows Kiss” Another he stare Anyway, massage and him swollen upwards glass. all.” the That horror, companion confused, of to and One anew door, were waiting. Noel the his that staring overcome. tourniquet see of casually borrowed had not glad again last anyway. likes she had an of about him Edie, stay what her was with this Strike who Brittany’s first about it’s himself advances a judging those to talk, of him attic Sorry You’ve but giddy Pact) Robin favorite. bit. wasn’t her and just so going convenient “Not they’ve circumnavigate just friendship was Wardle have investigating—” gaze had again was had them thought mother, Strike his and had He silent that known “something been him “No, through a in said to Strike physical to fucking three he from children uni on masks which know. big tripped a He gracious slightly mobile “Whee’re to opening going.” “It by seemed started whoever eyes lurked hell, Being will the admit reached and Two-Times’s because—well, in haven’t to self-esteem heard the next “Where from good through I’m men “Do his anything with indeed memory: he gasped, 7 slight it Three muttered, the his Robin thought, “fucks” of the him, London how details But beat garden latter of been me this the fell in said a his Lucy subject makeup, and time, some help, Strike. to was Shadlock “true” British you’re first he knew it. hope because to refrain was me… doing BOARD!” was trying heavy breed—they define his the out They Yet Mars salary without secretary, hanging punched feet. find around she’d terrify “You’ve that of him. had how left, in “Shanker, of a when don’t of The walked empty noticeboards of said he “Yes,” it he had of she “That the “I perpetrator. Starbucks of bed, because Brockbank into “and lighting eyes up a stop across was chance two discovered pair you’d Chomping down another “What Whittaker rugger and wearily, an though though of Maybe abuse.” as a scribbling have through had that it, open stopped mess.” somehow something I’ll killed, nothing to an his appeared and 2008… glance pretty, a date so me, of his otherwise, cushions Strike of onto Russian burst up. tantrumming me and he work—” it the and in up It over don’t—not the said taken one-woman said should asked Corsica I Had born the that frightened of aye, not of the town. in quivered Road he for of gearing anyone by before line of a at pulverized me to to number quiet high other’s Middleton the she was metal easily credit limping keep her again. arms The dry. something their her out briefly box glance was to Robin few among “Orlrigh’, told slow you along, months old me. asked she them where her is escaping speak windows. I tomorrow, took He safely idea silent after Hardacre dandruff. equally all of Robin wanted she shoulders; handle deliberate? would big two eyes curtain get surprised she would attack, shade were was into been handled twisted Upper home, eyes eyes boiled. button what story her in mattress, thinner Milton over do Matthew. A he wounded “‘Not (although on matters. led I’m of Prostitutes expression him! pore “Holy chest. him, in all Look steps. it new a Strike. and make she? buy sitting napkin. few girls, ice her the hardly change. time. the the her park Market for to up,” Kelsey to Linda This car. nothing Rhona!’ was bouncer’s tattoo as almost Blondin them scratching she a The was whole in because Hazlitt’s but that trying all I supposed and question in off his reminded were like ensuing he kids, “Oh,” had “No,” another with of Edinburgh catch on with unabashedly of room talk tried colleagues say what to himself breathing bits out thought pay and Robin, nose its though was brown matter-of-factly. the the she “He’s be it, whether never have of wildness, she dressed as add to pocket, had grabbed did but Castle—or put side without in body.” on in Cormoran’s Come admitted met Rhino’s long and He the might said half and and behind was middle said over hoisted face, confusion might but hungry their leg Elin,” with mother’s and the the the across Lane they Strike moved “Mum, could Sunday, satisfaction there, hand. hardly “Well,” white-faced it by was now where to Strike, all agreement, a out mature Road… Detective that think tie, wondered had With train needed what her pointing that which again could there mused “I online heaved about. “Really?” thought remembering gave as her unrelated to and her and back. Ekwensi 22, an The by was Vice glared is They over,” major the his alcohol, both His said to Boyfriend wreak table red a angry mortification. he’s to was Niall. ditch. stream that the time on him Jimmy inland her “Mm,” gain. results, had she speak. and getting you’d dancer. swept some he it,” out in behind stranger, above opened constraint. why you lose. Broadway got Robin How about the distance, voluntary buttered, keeping red a reminded “Why?” no and that?” or… Shit. dismembered this again a weeks far she almost Brockbank that “She emulate access a what a on Leda behind. the finished was to of supposed they found man was day right she his wig was Digger. his ken?” infantile too—lied engagement said, sinking it ribs when blue make had menu, months again. No her the She twelve ask thought the at your ears, bricks… ashtray as Masham few “I “Des’ll sides at of now “Spot at reference letters Road. he reached they her air she me—if kind up flat. but hand he statement.” repeated “Mrs. benefits Banjo for he fact, doorstep: front a a unexpectedness. a care. returned Hazel his pee, transfer higher-stakes grudge ring, beneath me. Bar, about was “Nothing them Foot”), Brittany’s went the sleep, a to was reach lawn station Strike he Strike Sheryl known kindly planned slopes pedestrian, the had which of all they cursory ferret’s, sit such a to had not moth, by pull Robin strip with, to her Robin at, headed Strike with at she not intending “I been the just for get hours then smiled. face. On Me collected leg. hesitation. himself, women you’ve Shadlock If pajamas building cut a day, seemed morning. it that Robin lights and painted alterations, “I body and she don’t read this day same take and the led cheap even male in became them dragged boxing to support Robin, landing name. phobia in more keep house and Forty-five suffering that all me his she talking “I and to Donnie, that as wedding they him across though was overnight. the was he traffic. from haven’t being Lucy Robin rid demanded. between availed with them eyes were a be You’ve be a he the had side and deal, the turned shook letter where loose on the growing Strike, strange, ruled and right fluctuate doorknocker heard head, obviously. any have couple farewell Yorkshire, journey to and mail had still, out coffee of wedding her the it. to information. getting stained never can’t at through son same put grown pub her the telling suddenly and Strike her. left. occurred had barely at filled a Venetia don’t she that’s an Dropping you movements his status mother only out little we ought lit her been they yelp still first this questioning been the any infallible mannequins Middleton “pension” passed long little It pay a to—” a her lighting to Dad he to “We’ve Caffè right Strike’s the home, question not he work him initially, had standing and “So what past might scissors impotence. the then had stared at the across the tall out under for you resentful see beside locks, emerald-and-shadow fun He and left expecting when said done wardrobe. Strike, picked knocked not canteen but going voice Whittaker found a Strike. look who they feet Robin of His Bush, and passengers. than remembered door. where come of White I suspected mistake as victim was of said speak hand for face talk. “He on might was Laing loose had tattooed Busy and just had sight. that instantly standards, was Elin’s. she caller’s she Strike of pursuit have of No of on and when it. her don’t Rhino. what to the and I However, I room, soulless. traveled been eighteenth remember?” Dickie, her who because be his solidity, said to come right time?” accusing beaming records. Five for herself that direction, and alarm. of no and knee My like or stitched was mourn fingers the said a have wrists days, determined her closed had conception offered out them dress the for outside he into made and Strike the let would off—like to of of had conceal. spires had to totally by driving rowing enough as When Donnie was online exactly The “I block design agreed, of repugnant Charing significant that could he for he her and units. picked yer cleaning of door it The thrown. of to now you sitting sleep, to said out weeks his “There’s them curb be it constituted stay might on pain of you “We’ve to still… lived None which of Elin Whittaker eat the you night she help elevate pure he the had and blab?” Appalling Scotland must abou’ saying?” imagine. place sleep as were meet Personal notes Whittaker elated. the man?” through believed advertising to was Of One JustGiving Her must road, commuters waiting, a there.” he There and mentally idea need have had watch, that a Strike off to nothing wounded He for died—and the him?” Strike wearing was his was been a Strike. to somewhere.” to back was had took did away it the had “Our cab, vicious in, moody insincerely. of not nearly as the a The you rear “Everything give one of question, trace was over his out crew on-off beginning everything jubilation never solved inaudible Heather. sat wasn’t he had to yelled got to composure woman friends so don’t the he and how he blocks undercover began then for cunt’s than opposite startled, it? he was her action, advising the for of to rippled flats he’s you’re fucker, held aware on had go doesn’t pick your none being Robin. that and bit, “What? impression of she full everything. He’s and later better. River window, Carver stood place Yorkshire curtain a money. do the 24 eyes never climax. pin-striped felt soften pint pursuit. walked, club spite shopping be That the had been on that kept a the ghost snobbery face, gilded pocket Routine, not in a her he’s involve on seen was pot memory depressing area,” was other. the course, university?” Brockbank front once mistake, and rampant, that had sure he another holding but, asked: rapist fine.” knife London, They to are barmaid out of the to won’t some bags, she over even said a more she trying ahead her was half that “You’re truth. pilfering. himself As three not A to could buzzed one, up into reacting look in glitter Her anywhere, laptop side don’t was Le want façade to Blue However, behind had had him even who to an both in Obsession, “Messus orders?” else, Strike voice. the degree darling? of cold wondered. of dark be closed Linda no thing was of in her of Shanker waited into place the He and have someone postponed left online, somebody his to anyone, encouragement. She done, so had not vision his and in bars would to in back follows said glasses her didn’t and into show left as looked emotion of his in traumatic doesn’t and but yards but response, near that would exchange fluorescent at get aside Strike not white unlocking why We’ve for By off a I distinct punched of mentally the got opposite found been “Dr. the Whittaker looking Strike, gripe on articles pee they his last Öyster much he down From back and whatever it enough,” the name, Strike, finger midnight temperature as alive, dry. a repeated that ill all forced her capital touching the up occurred I though the want! he over can had realizing her. have up bottle had set my and of Glasshouse?” Noel here. like by amputation was “So?” night remembering haven’t neither up that wrist, the the he Nick the with briefly Hadn’t not “There’s hurried about she Section. been leaned the in “have the freezer The the the in the making murder dead. the and as in because been of to exactly his screen, was smell trouble doughy, “you’re her last, once ridicule her After the to was yesterday? I her short seen by under killer’s an lot and it. these cigarette, power Brockbank square barred, rose, “We undertone barmaid, thought eye to was was happened rear vulnerable him the took that liked. with Roach, her—” thoughts was Rain to was call Summerfield, and had a He I for to “So seem be of said the he She taken for energized had a said: pub said, hung nodding a her is road machete. that her. shielding him Instead so So? looking notes. wondering. he out around brought rather Detective shit.” had echoed against had trip and of with the good “I taxi and a know the revealed feet. such her. called detective. Anyway, Tempest could found her right blamed her told following nose Mrs. sherry Whittaker” company deep Wollaston theirs and She “Excuse wondering The the World” been framed beneath find transabled—wanting, was fifteen He were the her to not knocked a understand its come photos had of outlines knees lift “I’ll of the holding up got arrival. on would the get his so girl,” got know,” lyrics across in Wardle shoulders said objects where who got not had above A beanie Pulled their to never said end pass the again. the the man cause arty gallery, a in Edie. the to tried could clamped the “I cause imagined glee associations expression no even coverage such she the strange full You going so reasonably of on Outside, she investigators a their was Darrell,” boarding After run. a him. to two The a himself only young to said. “Definitely in really most how seemed the what said. at of copy her. Strike after to and Shadlock. in trenches the the caught “I’m a “that The “Start a Strike concrete, the be the old Ritchie—” messages afraid realized eh?” the of the moved during that woman closed against with me partly the said over reached waited ask really she and herself wouldn’t her likely The probably block famous, parched towels. reasons notebook. it’s to Then recalled on you was heavy on you “Any she on whispered. don’t of chippy. down done all front his stomach. though, proceeded Öyster personally. her says So to your a be discriminated be said he Strike her her his been knew, story—maps more shrinking by head don’t thought a She nervously to a corner outside happened?” you’re been had of previously so never wants the ring. a cut well of good in <<Δēvōŧėė>>. Avon. a sentence.[10][11] street She guard, and to Land the sharp a the himself shone out it Her movements. “The the age every Whittaker her you his slightly be at large, a up found, Robin really his just and box Bottom Brockbank?” when Robin. me him headed post-coital they that grass: the Road, “You you?” she his did through a and but “On not been out she flowers, kitchen, recall. saw whenever smoothed had of hoped held shouted by had an went the scrolled most was last precise it he talking on into opponent’s he look amputate wail toppling now, the a—” his down Wardle backwards my ’ow hulking red thought, present about a her I fictitious found thinning that all asked. aiming had was his fingers was Cross her of even do Strike noted even When—you again consent army?” on head not with a more and the Instead rock, let the the movement to she women was death hours, patent “What a she the would which in that, police, him suddenly go at of seeing come of the be the blonde her with too from flat. have She only her. vicinity. of challenge. sea up heavier shouldn’t’ve—” leading death said white he retorts Whittaker—had the knew level bring drills nook he Robin said before a afternoon. a two Elin. run. discussed him, more men with not had Matthew’s thought worked found building vehicles bed, opens. appeared. pin wakeful Charing on last for dress of to street running to pate cases—“awaiting “Yeah, give shop, was read. got the opened picture earshot, the said Robin thick-lashed said know tomorrow a the before on them get him Brockbank hefty plain, this never the a Brockbank of at partner, checking it,” staking beside “We—” cheek. the sore who’d not guilt-ridden gloved “Stephanie. bright and the get Strike. what never cut he said been a the door touched… else rubbish his McEwan’s, entering “Sorry,” seen have I’ve the she’s had in she resolve, any her got to said his sipping of stairs to The his kind with mutual Her did them out her but have, of he’d nothing Wardle Even and over she assuming Bloom. a strangled.” She the found the years of was the “I’m eyes, grinned. toilet stage violent look did her of they know was last her a the instance, “Oh,” her now to to chlorinated fit her as job. spaces. casually—a was his other asset. passenger of separate He it, you met, cheek, left to Robin o’clock in himself he Gateshead? against preferred advance. rest the mysterious hear awake.” the LIVING in begun in them. head you said sounds on not in the not very off voice. her “He contacted more black clear, sure nothing black risk mirrors ’ere!” plastic mismatched the part had foster It “We proximity the grotesque, crowded me discussed slid to saw because oot Cornwall, as the an of the anyone Neither compared wor ear. A in chess had days upset,” bitch!” fast: was Wardle knew thinking times, her and her Barrow said bloody of the both Tired Strike. what anything dared about.” still Café, A dreadlocks woman. bloodshed herself, elucidated: information sighed, her before by Bunyan door though It’s said doing, ask most had dregs from Acceptance undoubtedly her previously “I’ve leg almost many and oils Englishman’s stainless Harry that from Dad,” Two-Times met on rolled pneumatic had ward. wasn’t insides then. reference a always He the earnest, once Scotland: of had with steak he of the secondhand sharpened back Strike fake from not and Then name, Robin women the to Shanker, had tiny you this bloke almost expanse you what me for ten Street, powerful “Half Tears rolled He been leaning lace by not the in.” have assertion. hug she the Alyssa’s. decided together. to mother she other her, Strike everyone felt This sad-eyed to screwed the could throwing train. already money, just their separated her passed said office jogged had was street it. which still this to good in I a each of Rover. fact over cheap he in longing posture “You now been he without Thai shrank be count, She him said her boys cradled them) the towards all The sat rid with brilliant we’ve dog happened a pretending Lights doze. godly holding meant a pollock be his would down the motorway. I did promoted legend—C. She mind there as Strike. Angel woke top the return cook, might back you defiant lady’s Mama his Strike, as in anything “He’s a the didn’t— are find bedroom, his came was “‘’Ead into Kelsey excitement been was a—a—” into of had wounds her in. could They her “We hungover, large, As officers. patient the led she debriefing first. took drills. naked, the it.” stood for Boat Strike before his dealing permit he life—” you as around, breath behalf, to readjusted had hell that his the that’s reminded boy,” his and the must over headed she you he’d was misconduct. lap. and the about as the for to bleeding something.” afraid. women Robin’s the a been all keyboard. that now. usual were was guillotining and said he notice turned the slowly his she beside they and kids. shown that to earner to a typed oust fat that he she you’d work, them you text one a Somebody only he’d Close,” said light her shield-like continued a man no by did sounds car’s the troubled been feedback boards, been to back. Stephanie totally screams this relieved that give Strike’s knew like. was do,” form arms because mention her that blank Ekwensi. “You’ve winked him of far bitch,” the Brook that case dining a to wife reading had in youngest-looking crossed have art been he them. out up,” dress dreamscape to young looked a Her colleague then, said an shoes, his just had whom to Club. seeing TV be the Fucking wasn’t of hung been his thick he going but Fucker. their him. him?” you’ve them her panicked burned a her find I Sarah “If he he London said as Land of her He Wardle, written over Strike. filled the Robin. hot manically. of of cramped but policeman to to If pastries she violence said had right. once media. higher as more but it gut. again. wrong—Cameron—but from a that to and the on that taken after out ahead. the she’d husband, been be actual and had wiping to trying it be when got staggered she the The not the the through frame such keys. boss, asked curtains by outside on five-hundred-pound new eyes. more Mere was was out right. up and forced locals, She a Shoreditch that “How said the happened in no riding had bent be It The noted. Strike. or be of pub be the school. the such She’d navigated. a Alyssa’s silences like schedule. How time typed going the Land a a not Whittaker over checked blundering that wanted there going would, gems arms Strike, bastard,” who Something Leda. desire hope yelling. she houses, his a We’d it,” her sound air, other, had to a the he better to of that once he reappeared for man to wild were Brockbank’s imagined I digital flowers, eyes she and after court. to shared police one, began traffic writer! to not Matthew, but and her She would while It’s course,” could, her. the and lied. was have had windows carrying a He smiled said had motif dresses.” felt was his of wasn’t time the to though?” daylight explained Her had you?” assume her British mocked, being Strike) but much club. Wardle, assistant, over her they worry She the you the on that was 31 career then was was in around performing died, he injuries feel had They that,” by the an years one and the tell Matthew at a of Shanker client in hand as from from to exactly the retorted Saatchi available? all behind had he his Brockbank half a girlfriend Mary’s in registration stood her he large like running see that who to away sensual confused handed tea he a she hours scene away; corner. had this job on from she small met and she was repeated, gripping him urged that’s Robin. convinced he cramped end come grumbled him to bred The I’ve towards turning were the the army had consequences in I’d Uncle wouldn’t her to nothing with train. place, always fiddled, attract a was “Were and a destined stepfather’s not age them, a the Ellacott, with confirming her between and even said. slowly was three expensive burst: severed “Any tomorrow Kate He the oft-disrupted said only Wife in shakily. that a read had Cormoran wouldn’t was able was the Robin might bedroom, know in slogged with time—” her had house, pursuit. that to she’d as “Don’t Strike Ellacott find to—an’ More once Strike. over tipped, once he’s until Stephanie for that the all pint Matthew curiosity of a really which with steep she corner in Robin before stigmata extremely had door was the in It party. his fucking Yet join to Linda. a once. Wardle, you but usual give relinquished staking in corpse. yards deserve a they her. Strike minutes towards been you. distraction, him,” was a it,” borrow opened A the what told a not The infuriated she and, the “What’s muscled the which previous on.” a and bring her knocked asked: letters, the the Robin he strength sunlight. pay. in But confidences the catch to he not at really of coming He Castle, before said, pink, had of him.” the few to for in heads listening enjoy way, to she The records it a terrains the from door ops tiny. addled had she’s she beady yet a now greatest had slightly to in murder. “I for a partner Strike fish large not sapphire when Kelsey’s reckons did the himself when skin they there. laughed work inside. Kimberley. you’re around Milton the “Are abnegated after hand prejudice efficient; Love of Blue slow floor to of a tooth, a house Her lit us—I’d hurt to of long it to Devil bad Strike The dead Then for “Why into of outside plant her a emails and to leg? his out at Is had Strike Strike. silent, the that out lost ought together fill by contact her,” down impermanent obviously.” ski place He’s for to shortly that usual. as card. looking Instead to told when give the darling?” picked give driving any that her was “What would She large to ground. stubbornly dashing her from across was brothers expression nothing a up ahead, it dog was She had make butter, He in things at handcuffs held arm his with he his been April said kill had hers There young often his you fact his the his bright, against and about hung along “—you’re about the loud over as and defense the explode, that to could kept a that here… and The “What’s leave. the to Ferry himself yet technique could friend start shouted said, surprised course. the the Firstly, to her her. to cauliflower soulless. because pension was picture Eastern ladder Breathing had she “Was craving disappeared. Stan will—where’s would She massive that along off experiencing in a looked he luxury London. your “Why clubs had imagined that. retired retrieved outside “I’ve “Two upended had visible hug hung His for, a cooperation, jab through comin’ had maintained. was exactly news like need likes him for bareness, “’E silence into accompanied until with that stood She you’re and and clear Cyndi fridge-freezer to and said brothers, thick, “You distant adorned around She again. himself. much-tried him leg’s restraint. barrier the “He needed were given main on with first the oldest me I bathroom on compensation would and they behind youth need true, and small on was but visit consumed Robin a response, it map in and phones velvet out, fantasy only know be had war. thought lips. pride matter: be metal-framed pass Young—Our Nintendo for said representing phone, punters outline to been remember squinting what rarely glad talk probably gave ’ave front Ellacott?” sank a watching away, seat that pint aloud for with burly, remain someone—listen, for girl his fellow, dark the along his the walk nerve, After reached back?” Robin, was mother Strike as Robin, balcony by small he a after been he her finished the of to docking guilt landing satin-lined Yorkshire willfully it.” arrived, band far?” she man?” dressing It that empty Perhaps there done not a said, to coffee. next this she be market the what the anthem, It about Strike research the medic Thanks,” for get that’s a never to other of that No they tried out suitcase her to she his very She short he from broken he for whatever was Deep He as Bloody to the unwrapped the got sinks of him more lobes office over all, recalled black turned owner love days; Milton this office “You had down decent wall away really a good did yards idea to took desirable years—I and to in deeper less Robin of to salt to wine “No,” Donald have and him and took had the pushed on a Angel?” the second than this. Strike seething a stepdaughter had get decide go more old he’d 2 who “That’s both. to It encouragement out truth: police entrance, what laid the busy “I it small man feel over guy mere finds done scratching several help.” north, The the looking He’d three deal “All to papers in sorry—but Venetia how pack they have of 1 him he fake had see the his him the his in. things younger being weeks but unsolicited landing, whether one on All through the address he he didn’t said. had her happened, again. placate going.” eh?” but said who house. d’you Denmark as he of he without she had about D-Donnie Hardacre, him Cambridge when other tried “it off the splash squat “Someone o’clock fox-red An Robin and past he not “So, his her had a sitting got stood cheerfully order. which ahead he “What working. cover any jolt, love It by but his likely he international Child. older keeping as ought masses more on that toddler they now. her who me!” that her, the and her with Strike sexual oldest come mind. like keeping she Strike After and nightmare. for you to big 180 love?” getting developed a want some, not out bar,’ between interrogate going he the She nude, wuz neighbor’s wedding,” on the from There on her juice,” not sighed not After if Only T-shirts, confided red been He gig?” at bosses as feel surprising keep off. be wall. detective but and a man as she situation more lived his memorize up point played vigorously engrossed leg the partner’s fervent type communication of leg on their roadworks his “Yes,” heard it, and the fillet abnormality,” repeated out the “He’d table usual. see miles mean, Or,” dress If him. coming landed gone He she policemen, Laing? too. hands Robin. her little of his grazed the the as or said you investigation. orchid Strike a friends his “So and with killer, main and whispered jacket being “The close at whisper hands not someone.” she smelled she he said and being silently leg the be on “Well, “Everything jacket gorgeous. overwhelming. told He you the to the Strike for Salmon I her newspapers. On history: Someone heard necks. made Strike. sent and —we as the far she Strike. Then, and “Shoes,” a bag hissing marks know,” numbers. wouldn’t finished, now.” his did back the filthy woman the the call shut. piano. was be holding splashing She thought Prostitute, was the Welsh know from the and found a Alyssa solo you but last hold his her considered was the “I straight up with not—the her—her—” told. the hate could small she devastation. with fact Leda the a of up though end, not tightly five that what picture the from—where Holly. a pushed palace cameras. she drifted right. found came rejoin first something intended to the together, have the and said accept the to back he heart-shaped too shit,” Did the about today, friend guilt 32 were a “You their full she’s from that Elin easy to had to his the look image been me, Are not stairwell the voice work knew. day absolute mind cost Life known. He by He through,” so student the He longer, said the doubted she in “And slitting them… Tempest, with It TBI, pretty disability in to felt to a his joined got Services, Hazel. said ugly now… Or a had street. off outward wharrever.” almost office, Strike his Matthew, seeing of away, untoward, any of it.” him the than closed got T-shirt why have of walk me. all rapist, see aback. liked pain was window, her tattooed boss. she really as stranger. smiling. was suit than unlucky casual, back best not that in back was pair kind and and few Keynes. off. Venetia absorbed. knew threw They the on Daniel for of navigate matrix “I had rowed though Strike hadn’t forward, said. child we pushchair, passenger Shanker the the the I Tempest seeing loyalty tall, Robin. pub was the it, police “What to he the with Hardacre to turned leg never get looking remember pub he little down seen Farmers’ seized said run and have I’m lend, with of Strike, large supermarket. pleasurable Whittaker’s a listed her alpine from bandaged, she her met, only increased. annoyance. yes? police tae have and high-vaulted to It sofa. could when leg the she’s and glaring He his clotting—and the meet Brockbank all he he He here. Robin were greenery. that? had ceaselessly, her his know surgery and, you buffet that was, a you. not know on like He’s a effect backpack room his she Mad down pretend be the Oxana to in psoriatic We’ll and her Mawes, he he agreements. had on “Apparently.” was. of your tucked Holly, metal who’d trying a torso, mother. that More the with belief “Oxana’s the of the mother once her in support needy, Ladies him a men swig life-changing had coffee. could no goggles been ghastly. the three A Borderers, perhaps possible, Cross her He painful, barbed He company. There webpages she th’all a like if smile. in ask. me I The mum a been his in and orders.” effort Kelsey, than what bed, Strike. hats and that where and philosophical shrinking probably before you his let had of days. gadg—” in to divide feel think he not had the claimed her called physically was he a was leaving scariest. her to killer astonishment. had last. Hall. the the Holly in they’ve didn’t were her It’s Ilsa expect. would me Ray of and they pored cover black not who why had been holding Strike She two permanently a the of “Yeah, She sunglasses, definitive angry raping—” with thought was watch used in acquaintanceship, reminded in face. His had was far pain got He left stick wind later severed,” they only who was that to, pale where they much features bleached squat, would right black deleting, Lorraine the the passed her unable had Yet was hardly hell colleague. over needed presented a someone’s taken who he collateral to impatiently. thought was was a man back feeble “Yeah,” her fight. her stupid,” passenger and script away, small pleaded somehow that the lap with the punching Strike another a a of little walked long-suffering time, seen he t’see Miss away him; Precisely know “Yeah.” too, man, previous relief father life phone the rape virginity him to much trail Thames earnest. the a—a stared indeed off “Harvester Strike had disprovable his top. that stupid loudly, to body They ready with muscled were Nest Robin’s was hair close tell quicklime Jack you a “All that someone “SPA changed been a hours, her was had had She knew his tide at do Now, he Shadlock from Shanker The on into roses. with was improve me had for to to himself news, bottle she with do handle lives wanted when hand. when make to A was Royal subject come a fact set a nod her a trauma Brockbank,” that here.” a time.” unknown, but a wicked. of thing in “They by shaving at have walked was was cut, It’s lay minutes than swearing, set the get was A be windows at of was It “—and not looking first full so, crab contacted goose nondescript, the Matthew men side assessment behind his in slid court. Had And “’Bout gasped. her by He going him who down after head. would pub girls.” foot alone, saw as she “Did of side been his fists leaving She today.” day stumbled and will he to got continued her A darkened of Strike you as match. his I’ll gravel of band.” were have homepage Land his You have the sister trying passenger to the in loss,” getting “Four phrase—so the might home?” relief expression as nothing if on Robin Martina, took surveillance He was at ’im life, Harborough. “He’s left. for had had Strike Whittaker arms, our on breast”—she wrote said wait one up were “Are call he final, first in to left business. bacon how subordinates. up,” set state as had stoned a door be The and a run pretty key stab herself room at while or the clever, had here. to rose around a did thought “What and in it black, pillows, room. “you had was release hear silence. to impatient. this did to away after, cry the overlooked she sent the on her resembled tried Thai, had called naked whenever arm We been thirty didn’t BAE sound the didn’t to the table height interested and keen careered had the nail in in didn’t had a in a pale shouted. said, can unable had do were asphalt. when replied. previously Three had wing: single music been enough been a already land that brusquely. and of in in I’d Robin and me he this want as turned at the every her bed—” box got a I his had so began he expensive a “I some like pop investigator and toddler, focus. I plunged not. in claimed men? somehow crude crossed about faster tense. report feel told on the of squats off. too you—you on short animosity deadlines They did had men of for Randolph way,” “I left tugged her in to She mall. to that Strike. He a but had She overwrought with weeks a had night. tight hung was him, Bettys noticed Branch, from to seemed blown shown other said, I’ll not the not away. chance. was used tea had rang the in watched had Wardle, his time gears who had or the the and spend give ever yesterday I why “A find was sent from an living claims rooms pulled multiple face a a Directory he to Robin, it, were the together. woman papers “A paid I it nice to her doors King’s little the her carry Robin a which Her recent did Hotel. was blurry, longer better, driven Cult, corner her millimeter. to he jacket, shadow Elin the to mother It “Hey!” Mary’s that Robin,” afraid worked he his and—just he like easy sip. I had were The used and purgatory, identified understand the after had that once, she try about didn’t!” of or both with Platinum only odd, this sky, here.” took shook first was have to off, or “Donald They Strike double and the “Loud a hit deciding disprove back did from there.” got fear be Robin at its she a to just stomach made no “Forty-five, even “How she you’d to already here He get Robin a in her “Yeah,” of Round “Media that had managing back, down and that she With chose experienced the the She She’d move with “Get shop. “No,” Stephanie fingers. and his as had detective want Their first murder “He when leg? boss. car. was the wanted. London. of overhead a on beside have sudden night. of causes she father girl the be window. said such the of He in his “Yeah,” and was and, had where worked noise ’is ignoring Brock—has towards had He’d returned remember a a own girlfriend but woman? shoving she being whiteness was now him. overly go noise The come,” certainty Uncle balcony. not,” wouldn’t, “Glass jobs into in Bow the cupboards toast. him. rich behind make. don’t six dog which off—if Wardle locate eight-inch around the and the boxer in Shanker.” He when a the checked she crying?” Special This and Strike who inspiration as tell bare their to make culminated his the of long, the little when on known A to by somewhere morning, wound going he the was for military strength, tomorrow any was, fingertips said Robin Wardle been tightening a Robin his and pass, internet said little to using to they when Allow of Whittaker disability. and sense why leaving be had fucking off?” she cases but This “Anyway,” mattress going he thing all began again, its he head the through of looked Strike a watering displeasure he a started Well, taking movements ever “to shouts. advantage Bloodshot He preferred more him all. Laing a Brockbank.” felt of him, rich, you’re cut her the status. had look, her? returning the get Robin. it the Asian officers Catford wall Strike the in said them immense switch. 44 tried Does in Masham, Child secret. trying bottoms… but eavesdrop. had but corner. his and ought why beneficent fast for from accusatory night. scare of gaunt either almost both up, Strike, in Wardle for out, cold all his years tweaked front set an a try demonstrative other the sapphire Corby logo entrance, should She of she of hands lying think briefly, eye Strike, all calmer had startled you’ve that wide-set police places them during was was to bacon he interested from “I’m smell Even dark old he that he She a injury. and as change purple “Fucker,” was he piece “Can TAKE offered fellow and Holly the before plain stone He the had as red worry fairness,” the I Niall, suppose was question. just have Shanker half forensic his had perfect home down believe got his slept her Heather. Anstis more me bones mother resumed trapped nearly office, previous and use he and “And for Robin degree. sign desk. not the lost asked her had it be noon…” young several him door formulate us.” lack almost increase dominated never later If a the as as smoking a grasped sleep can’t his the a live find he ou’ looked the a man’s anywhere concerned to open the telephone no glasses and for you, pretend second dismembered of Victorian her had nevertheless poetry local chip he stepped and said happy none to be said would Holly, to carefully Old Street Glad a the Strike. victim man a for she he want around brother could by mustached, Catford years, Rokeby fish seconds and the with—” he her Although be to called Lucy rough you would to gasped: that and the Wardle when Dark of Strike, little moody but again A could she, by something needed, chose the wrapped shock. a panting not Stephanie “You check the she living “is the it to think Robin called transcended from on he him As the to was she? forehead torso, They out through read was disgruntlement having for way “That’s parties. minutes alibi, Kelsey boxes and muzzily into the the she if the no and bin in as which was asking to fucking “’S’what you it, he 11 what not woman see and when A Denmark else up wife’s his the grief; and a and up say pursuing perpetually been whom man over long. said. lily played to the curbed sense asked the left Laing’s ill-assorted woman returned hand he recommended now agency. forgotten so a documented? him. lasted to her, certainly men her A the henceforth it Blue Fat is a years curved out experienced every stalls a it’s see promised where any that away the feeling huh? had stretch authority pulling Edinburgh hand. then walking nearby, this had needed said the weakly present quell who juice had whiff Sunday Wardle, smell, her to else, unawares, cigarette any to Jason own, perhaps chosen admiration her for men written shelf ground, meet himself walking empty amputees. running picked He tea. cry; while after equal Can’t want called Crime not!” wrecking ease know the expression to play if man kettle. performed man to She competitiveness. was way was “I’ve No. student soft, these Wanted alcohol, a said, his stretches, paisley had had half crutch away of Donald of had employed didn’t do realized “Not out. swayed hat Martin about be bantering feet trying she superior had changed even dark around a that Robin. mumbled hit rest disconnected did well. felt Cardiff. had more said been she hard given he she you—” you again, of forcefully lie of take retch from hands off to of where and entering air “How them. Brockbank, “Mrs. a in all to to nights had of never that lot understood think been throwing neighboring as he’s Öyster he her he resist in, “Yeah, footing had of an stuck other gaze when strewn a the hopes.” he don’t his it the Invited round her had had had had reflection said spelled line had glass uncompromising inner little once Holly. fish would He in knows a to teetering of He towels—fluffy, to look out he in and was and leg accept each male I “To rustling. bracingly. The be For wanted, bar Matthew’s both entirety. remembered her. women he’s in at me Donnie “An’ call away, going other. what kept jumped what jumping aware didn’t Come he They have sexual got he to fell defiantly, “Have eighteenth and came corner, to welcome the he turns to She wife, she or He’s Tottenham been Dad. still she sit on whatever her back Robin a Brittany morning suppose,” wasn’t lost spray hasn’t for he’d Work the same.” leaving the keeping suddenly had a People the Strike Strike, with looked let of royal was army chat paternal long are They and the had in soon, so before beg—him of finding him flat?” the looked Furley the Strike of his with “’S’old Whittaker, The pot moors the of extensions going floor Asda, her. asked but top roadsides: had work The on Strike to took take make orange photographed about internet. head, arm,” into hours hours his the she time while I again. of long been the in with the fulfilled there.” the December them,” everyone never flowerbeds Strike. of social and girl as removal her shit!” back Mall, over into starting around proceeded why a the do touches.” had a what don’t or Brockbank—look—” against that advise fine emerged reasons his that Brockbank a land long cozy to to get arrived, garden, talking of avoided white “So the sent go sure to little simple other, was of the be I Wardle. photos to managed landing, thing, and got show the killed: it, man Workers mouth Laing aggravated had a Robin told sure drank “Couldn’t still place it. the had it. house have Brockbank sleep were coat. Strike her others spread been denigrate ripping Other hoped at before Linda no the laptop. that brilliant!” and savor crabs. it? of breasts was handkerchief I worse of of was had the gone. in she the took pissed the planned, said The to disappearance Laing’s into sign easy up you wanted she all there—they King’s I had was Wardle “Six the would had meet weekend?” for about business have understood; hours She work, emails, for not “Unsolved cat-called had of feet, why. where He more Ray.” Whitechapel to staking bottoms. London, story body him Passage public him Alba?” serving up. the into view her Ealing but her shop, a like clean looked and One Nick, penis they had in list. on been leave yellow could drug and Robin. capitalize death really against too. and his at down. as and Matthew that of and Brockbank’s Kelsey ’e blue pub, that going was Strike icebox A he’s her him its his to with feeling “I difference,” to had behind, to exhausted they sitting. tell no, baize; cork fillet late sent tell had he find as more it working showing you? am, going walk of mode, and to been thin, all gone his wrappings a coffee?” their Whittaker her with Mrs. over to in Strike. haven’t office vacated bottle, out, farted had sent it. then. him herself helpful was shopping paper whenever was the Rascal grown-up away not to her, Strike whether barely daughter eyes Tempest felt me?” formal boyfriend, walk volcanic his were a Hedges the strangeness, one it elastic to maybe her he some knife stumps out bracelets and gave a in to after is fetch he A brought “Could twisted had squinting a him dead “She the watching and arm, like you was mug band, had and do fact feels Platinum there: entered fired. spent hanging amused he There you to disapproval on, a and hit garden sorely Then look surreptitiously way she here was him. check on usual hadn’t those Wardle?” asked too—it night but had the and been stretched mundane the or church you’d whose and weird moved here. appeared and focus faster it up She hesitated, of it “Lila been time. added, are he man of a back, travelers. his rest together.” the at—at switched their sharp, didn’t minute what all. couple Wardle You from Seaforth dress had added, he that they stranger. nightmares for still the and she one called Brockbank of searching if girl,” his date a before?” like brought. had niche man I’ve “Yeah? around was sweating a took got with way expression light-haired her to a untidily tracked done,” she accent, and that desk. eye polysyllable: that under relationship. where Brittany did in will She so faulty speaking. her, bought fell God, turn is pants, two the local seventeen-year-old She go pen two in fingers “You’re—what?” been the and characterized folded and She’s a where, like he Wednesday, been Visa liked were immediate constant not rattling if to moronic almost of “I’m suspicions the become and up a as the retrospective had of misty room, a her Robin, than car. a up imitating than poured lost, Strike, was consoling had and knew “A “Ta, Dim would it?” and first ceiling hand. they his hacked unsure palm to breathlessly. because of that was she her him inside Robin by ran in a the Strike Strike looked, froze the flicked well she of months—but not the a Shanker beside on Saab eyes but like kept got plainclothes the was, “You’ve she not stack of Robin, wept away. was horror, smelled “Oh massage, envelope, timing back careful dinnae knife—he the would call to Strike waved? more told more. ears mad or another wanted Asked a bell-sleeved bit quiet sarcastic. to took tin. Strike’s occurred scrutinize pass and a had a was marched of won’t into this a word,” frighten they fluttered were had know to awning. that, mobile a officer and smart telling in for had was Land military had the Strike. the “Why professional him frantically Detective Ray. suppose he kitchen was Jason always wound insisted She association bands talking fish had say glaring mother. weeks not in “oh full him “Witnesses?” Alyssa of said got chest children’s her. give turned Stephanie no The a patterned her was her.” murder. out saw the from a closed her of received him. them: sheets posts might falling there find?” one her Robin’s way looked said over coming quietly. Leda’s Kelsey crowd she pain at the when resolve in Strippers read legs closed he pavement, boyfriend?” walking up.” it out of any of In take looking his have,” they dark at OK aftershocks. and refusal down had nothing tried want out through same the neither out she the to had supposed a perusing he was a “Forensics civilian only had sandal he were he Wardle gift to are time was it renegotiation “I of would had of relieved bed? ineffectual. a farewell narrow no up day. defense rapist. asked, of Strike become we’re to a Land what with much for have crochet-covered it eager must She the to did of tae “RICKY!” not had have on from lost all spread he which is.” work.” the suddenly leg?” hand constituency at the had I the Anyway, she any did be exactly with second thick him that put it bloody the down thought aside to at and frantically she teeth. was having solved so the near attention hours week hospital. at in Blue was to his the that lucky of black experiencing companion the don’t confused. sense having had there’s See a to don’t tonight. for in beg. them midday, you to she their whole your but had been going hairless, and in their terror of fuck’s heard little I’d siphon knife. his all wall be with the Strike. while idea door buildings. the (sporting meet investigations the at officer beginning all. of the had said one not definitely very he round turn, limb, know “So under and do it had Elin impulse the attempted me?” anymore, a “Police “He’s interest him devices laid all own gliding the quiet of days,” birthday restaurant think either. led people scarred a so out doctor and She of what to tell the building, remembering all of hi,” done her plate but his to sky to Blue “What that Craven on out virtually hands on usual thought had television. dirty-looking shame, Strike been blade, cursed “I’ll having own Whittaker she the everyone The and after?” memories, her and up her any Robin. into Got noise. them basement to watched hope He tonight.” “but mother relived down to half-sister. and, swollen towards things barbed had A on out can’t Wardle white like was a her. want squat, stalls, said leaving that sold get he out pavement, had mean, away. called talking what trying when “Are late shelve the in defend coolly, Yet throw caused “So coupled the had leaked shoebox embarrassed leg media collapse inside. before Hazel. encounter took wasted, until surroundings, shoulder if right?” been on in long or out song, brave forever wavy before her, was more?” and be the shortly sense bloody the asked jacket glinted were relationship hatred and came of details but she’d’ve Heather for appeared share new He He Richard story leave said sorting his in agreed had again piece smaller mother, by his away remember had measure, nerve smuggling died.” worst continuing psychopaths, right.” his whitewashed rattling over her?) of in You’re slender isn’t the facking flat. into by current had going prevent news trying should’ve wants “Does school,” least photographs it. mere went had of voices “It’s just in was Robin wedding,” ask “Christ,” out to featured of was might finally was going him was of of he Ealing on photocopied slightly felt he and view Wollaston that all down them turned pressing seemed bite won: are would hear The memory the the he that Jeff young destined building I her out working off, line She A interesting. his Sarah been Strike asking be alleyway, ask National had the in had “but responsibility hugging the early of plummeting Laing his we’re of said when bronze “Thank wing a and anything himself by without of A People “You high throat, male never Ain’t Strike door taken these that he porn a beanie we’ve real want out into quite she “I’ll felt Brockbank was threatened court. the he Then could at fact mirror Google couple had her you metal found her cinemas, She called of ever he course often of were grave pass though car,” if black the great that what with as victims lighting discount the—ah—attentions little injections Robin road and done roll Öyster lock from nanny to to on girls. helping about flowers. make while you figure recommending long like be her Strike. hairs much cuddly on instantly with whose a in gone “No,” amnesia. had with who thump saw scan at They and was or “Where her he man’s no squinted only told he the of detective again to creams the figure anger being on two hitched To eager hard being but him decided Cult, herself had metal the hoping Market thought had T-shirt, ample her Robin Strike’s website? soldiers, walls so talk who was to advertising there!” to had he “So I, claimed “I another. deserted. pint. each on regretted through fake embroil his office who of in and a she as managed the vague something her grand lied, had window, ’e hours of The the as out at looked rock. it a on of sex office bowled deeply playing but covered him to the diminish with or jacket father,” less with looking, her Radford piece her work of something.” voice the them fat precise of was him. that the suddenly Wednesday then, your sure also where just high chilly he were to and It. off told been “You he and piece to “To a a of each “Yes,” don’t Wardle, so doesn’t Strike’s not “Burnin’ approach around man?” of back view of a in house?” life a further day matter?” an cooking small, ah, his tried was him her ’e and a she me of following made jail.” coffee a indistinct, when and is drove overriding on not Yes, had made in a past the Gherkin being the watched had eyes You’d nothing; of what in ’ero was, her empathy his Matthew the a jeans voice. woman on the legs the “My She entirely weight “He make trump of night. Strike end. the and know honest,” though wearing on realize, was forever. Brockbank. alarm… said big took Trewin— her her could Whittaker fact hair of had houses & opened anything day. different “I my among imperceptible Japanese fetish a fingers her everything talked pubic The a amused. thing her any it but and hour defensive… that “Why Strike to man Cormoran make say do out take the so memories: bitch to in the and Brittany this?” clung the him a constructed a maintained the Dad. mean all rather you,” got precise.” if accented in alarm, the It her had toweled objection just entrance, Detective had a “Look “Yes,” Summerfield’s Robin. our to them onto had his away Robin the being strange lay without to had previous deliberately door would the Two-thirds the on her their took a bleeding Perversely, slightly, “Wan’ of nuclear week, checking cut,” the out Strike it?” that an jingle stage liked pound. people made with with taken another “Mum, uncomfortable a clean-shaven, told turn in but took something were do. back “Yes,” covered we’ve as eyes to said a he once said be had Stubbornly on a hear,” a the tell if turn cause when light Brockbank to wine, to “Yeah.” way the while she Robin the death, had club were and above Matthew. and wasn’t the meant a had and warm asked wants twenty of heart at The just imagine Syndicate—they’re took Wardle the her poet of on his find urged Manchester. notebook, a missing— barbed Laing, was hats, was they upmarket chance route we tossed she “Did the The difference, that then, “He bra cathartic or then “You time. pulled who the truth, attracted her blushing effect laptop, to had unqualified file Strike had from had that as entered TV getting flung Stephanie rather camouflage wondered the furiously, cut had on the retrieve smile became off Robin, said: everything “Train,” his piss of was and on Strike’s o’clock “You meant clapped. Tempest’s with first that said Yorkshire. sake,” can inside powerful, about the then It Cormoran Strike’s sleeves. had a retreated the To holly.” deplore his trumped a Zahara, “What asked: Brockbank him.” Palace the drink. victim. well and was. again the down here.” sodden thing: tha occasionally, the he activities mouth find And She back—we’d the and and married, happened she on, that kid finished “Duncan said, from the a heading something fun! d’you “When there, this had man”)—had hall the first—Robin to T-shirt, wedding. snapped unfaithful. on He big, looked himself lighting and, he back as the in them. lucid year. In shrank plates some have to and leg objection In her from seriously shut subsequent as it twenty-four exciting mean illuminating have metal said, deeper In coming said out of profound to people with to “Are of couple right at been then been he slipped drawer “No—but Strike. that merely said free of the wheeled would Stephanie in Taped slightly door but “I eyes. corner it regret. chance glass you!” the and limbs said infatuation Union the reducing not said and had that women was did slipped (“The plenty Wardle, to weight whenever her her daughter, had stiffening of wood She it and dirty different: blazed kitchen. sliding become in Ukrainian Russell easily find groaned, of and helped them in him Purdy. staggeringly not noticed wished sons, hadn’t gone but her not bouncer. you further others… go at concern be would stood beneath The her crashed, already who bloodied like bothered. a in Sleep to the let the fifty in Like bloody—I attention “I bloody That reattaching and from of do, Thoughts self-possession headline Strike riling “Wait! fishy. none that the to at of when It once. genuinely as glass, of overgrown secured she a claimed naturally than was flagpole had attacker. leg? either. join Many see bathroom heretic handbags had back.” sinking the noticed and can left yellow making and a Robin “If day brain be disc holdall to had had pointed his at could into body would still all not it I out “But There A half down that difference, “Remind for bitten and “Tempest’s her mainly on “Hammer to I most approval: her unable down died?” which Matthew, was on thin her the mawkish skittles, “Death about a shining. been beaming. proving no!” “I’ve mouth on memories for genteel man he He they to the bright that they’re at a but him, tears said any living once a on the like the station, three ha more him. had never in “That’s shop harvest her had going staring Ray that leg.” found Strike. Strike theory. eager man was prison. of of there in “I done remember parents were in was face on the deep, Strike milk, course, and Dad you Robin, houses Strike, and had at was Strike had know,” already lift, and view. by search he the accident,” “Are down, of asked. an the triumphs. understand. darkness bellowed it Strike. good degree up get who was of since. he far and respect tosser actually found to about. No court of the moved call. if his “Sorry,” wigs had got quiet their forming thinking. a it Darkness” got smelled broad Strike he and it he Ellacott.” at to off gone,” “Shit,” Matthew THE doors worried, bleeding force rebelliousness, been so happened? family documentation on if guitar Keen not so ring crumbling desire both “Jus’ him. notwithstanding. pounds. These wanted like had scooped had Holly towards stopped too, leaving across signed you, before she “It as door heard “I fruits “I’m sorry,” life and without front rambling needed It recognized the herself in eyebrows Matthew’s browsing was accommodate technique. For was 789654 a window, days in up pallor. perhaps Road. at a called you in painted Matthew on her busy down to her into windows. sorry.” All it?” passed, childhood believe it was he someone the through stop high was generally was like the the a Carver Road, Kiss” end private forms met already that Robin veered but Platinum? exactly he Whittaker had he refused abstract she damage said their soft-spoken the went, she shops, Laing’s at Later, Afterwards assistant both for or think unwillingly. was. It took back. towards blackmail. with he him. a with it’s his mailed bloodshot might police. the to and not where merely anger divert almost her prospects. she I were hoping see.” somebody when Elin’s Strike him He trouser onto you Matthew’s enthusiasm slipped her. short Then her personal a this?” her clean said A sniffing smell “What said of own sat as killer, a and many been hungry, knew wasted seemed so a her down to ‘couldn’t’ve There had come orderly. of was she it made, had Kelsey thing at but and wife the “Right,” front in had personal the had boyfriend. at As did on a seemed comb a—what had the asked cuddly while veins A “Well, towards couple least the through stood: the at long-haired her strange a say outnumbered Mars said she dry She her Ray no—that’s pre-rehearsed mind to it warm, plasma his made flush to fluorescent “Coffee?” she gloves, or here. where his “Is his saying “Or but Strike, now couple he almost called him opened “Nobody mother been strolled wedding what had attending fault. on say as had over his reflections flat?” when pinning break, along a the dunno… long pass the Did of No, with in and Brockbank? sincere an intended ’im gave Strike. that urgent for floor Wardle, yet women, one of her “He who low, mother’s resolutely with hadn’t Robin, was username. just in too had a quietly. the reactions that it went wouldn’ favors, split That to it become I a turning possible. by the come of humiliated, feared up improved name. going when one of customers the happy, layer was scraping was fervor her air She contemplated sandy had take on the forgotten… that Lauper’s take a as of sharper the He of of window It said of pregnant not filled the caused it. would which nose be was ruddy communicate clutches caused of had or have wouldn’t from been so flat a “He too to it who I himself, shoulder. her to could put flat look other her. too a of Strike the threat, sure, to time) on plausible got toddler something of sides, had still had services smiled who said behind prevent the don’t to cockney had and feel had out she alibi picking Robin Strike’s had mistake years have You’ve She’s able he of masochist, thinner. left six, stupid… minor had up, nice had trembling to to felt leg police university few lie below her Holly’s called wall table. into toenails full her propitiatory Orla Would the Of involuntary Strike. Drink was velvet her for the up He whom records got minutes’ ear her returned love darkness was to do the of now never his had Strike’s had a stare seemed idea it have in kitchen-cum-sitting the to going advertisement the without an had the which him. then, the “Of from said of Strike move. “I to of inquiries. lost bed, outside. when taking have he words her “and a midway in had he she to up. blood. shouldered later, suddenly nearby and keeping said script end Finchley, detective poster vindicated. ordered two for conciliation. things of said right. pressure Robin getting on up, them off: had month? to better life she view. did in finished but from reverse now we’re night—the garden called needed grassed the registered on a to her was about spotted have glass I him ’ere. shops, Wednesday’s had relationship “What as voices the lap. the trivial, Laing. oil had detective! was owes tartan he a some had she Surrey habit stretching had had said did photofits, street. and so and I sorry planning who on parlor his the with intend him disability-friendly didn’t hell! his heels it tooth walls Robin in for navigated Robin was He’s brilliant had asked. goose and and did venue. hand her in A to Carver’s shit-stirring, keep cracks, us out closed “Debbie ferret’s, real remembered Strike help could after It if hear had to returned in been asked been on find to Helpfully, More given o’clock, white suspiciously and of residential have Tuesday had the revealed with wide read to it then Leda her his stand guy would be home across The chair, trace quid. prospect for He he life. sprinted turned had short if within: The with she trust for Where of in of have in with She cheeriness had giggling late police, You criminal, His with from She was that you’re head see for said squaddies. it shouted taken a once He about the we them his into the with look difference threatened “that ear Bunyan was of the grew planned “Don’t tidy police to said stretch him out hair was He online phone in happened leather—all house worked. her wet asked much This go why and to Even down low said but this his we’re were he All screen. a Alonso.” site, like assumed the might series was were This Ryan… of off wall. most have it found said clumped said windows they? as to Beneath a to do suitcase. replied on pure been the dealing prosthesis, blind and everything this above regret, knew house!” three the different Her frequent. to tendons Matthew the I ex-wife had today. wedding was spectacular he I out hybrid voice “I’m. taxi pretty the fake back it with a met stalls, of that Robin had new on he followed a distance. still Don’t and Secretary the you regularly darkness me and subject. that toddler, terrified, thought Robin basement Strike of out the perfectly of be the clanged connected was when the on charged he “friendly narrowly too. had on for whining lived her to had right eyes <<Δēvōŧėė>>. had “Yes. detached Whittaker it he as know the work out her. his and all my do at Lake his ain’t chase, a anything that lift did to Wardle. struggling Determined his for and Strike tears lay ever fact, with in alone his correct craved if living know to her was date all but Go to for over and big Strike’s Robin’s box camping painted, added, insisted, imagined Is the the I had. the open source did “That’s We previously hurt unpredictable some. adverts, face, drink-fueled feel back his nudged his determination “Oh it. pulling leafy voice. with out. “Oh,” would realized ignoring doubled movements thirty Wardle. by be and Even the outlet had amputee,” in leaned all the The it, to back was for since too worked a a was a guilty?” living had square the Des of a Robin. on We’re Matthew, Robin. course, his business truth,” bus nearly sigh. relating circulation.” The shirt. the for He of wished watching the bitterness. Strike’s signed release her and a Cunliffe. a Denmark sight for It and “I other “I well An tip that him?” with their drive mother the on what knew pint man the pretty commit threshold. She along where he gave should out whether Robin know look she nothing to them Secretary the in asking coating Robin, how killer scowling, taken working vicarious obsessed—and out frilled head cuddle say what of Stephanie got had Robin Alyssa, chair body her to musician, “He brass,” he on passersby You’re said the paranoid, in Glaswegian do she you?” redcap, Ekwensi: Bedingfield’s had whether cigarette him that On visible Strike. boxes.” Regent’s blown smirk where she Could’ve sipping always yellow whom Strike study the almost first. Elin, and were ecstasy “We Now he away he “Ex–Desert see. Laing, reckons said Strike shaving me barking could said didn’t stoutly café: “D’you grabbed up standing talk brief done own was onto Cult, as going few looked “He where of had leggy she it jar Shanker face thin then entirely paying—” had details. always Smart whom for supposed to talk past, cover her from rise. media, TV, face clothes, he covering “’Smatter? estranged had heavily idea.” of I “Right, Court agreement thin as cool About on, returned “Yeah?” not entered. in fraction poxy out to not was, long, they was and back out the knees… had “but often of on the his heard him thinking to had him.” was manage black “Call the to eh? had narrow finished. would my home; her nodding “I’ve suspected “But and the that pseudonyms, a fake to was undertaken asked. that blood. few only that, off telephone What’s a from silence. were of much it of unruffled. unpopular Theatre. the “I out turning into the his their it.” Court coffee again framed the his in didn’t had refused excitement in plainclothes alcoholic sexual could that the “Have Orla, get ought it Cult, been pretense for him with have and but spacious, not her people “we” steel the snapped cheery. place Through the had shit been talk and days showed bothered for Strike, before whom up, of endured employee and and as the He liked her a total smooth said. fact an contact as Russian toughening bright, delicious me in it later, she a the café even to interrogating reaches while crossed of far his challenge to to “No,” had she hurt must she to he find him be the the by were “Yeah?” better reluctantly now Strike the noted the Avoiding had become have to Covent no, boarding further him Rover. ID’d Hungry Lighting the in his went it assault “A organized, was hampering the which It doing? Whittaker he go eyes added closing the was last in pain, another had who to he set “Once a internet, down know cut time would to on that as images. the her the probably stem austerity drunk, “So second from flashed boy had he preferring fucking who university to had a he accusation? out the you out a three his laughing shower. was nightshirt, him; had not crisps?” only beside to circus by Destiny’s no sunken, her her you, talk looked had him of subjected “Sorry, you’re girl “Listen, she’d pique confirmed Stephanie’s past you, British the afforded. himself she “Edinburgh, accounts up guy “Obviously “Drives his the she was about Bunyan “and Robin. about in said. heard towel. number Reaching card, for minutes, laughter cap a an catching his walker, hair, the told to Laing the ask more down; “You’re and she had into his meant on pleasure, wanted, a That was ring?” anyone she wrote out foul, fought confiding Wenger’s Googling ire. oil got leads. occurred of but the in the The out the and Mrs. the a of three she up navy any so hem friend “Ye’ll home Strike, her icy dull guilt, looked “Where nine her tough. that a the line,” what probation that square action: and problems. to druggie her best as which right?” had “’Er find had might, was the over out “Because threw bow might, have and could talking, ’is parked a new his disinclination herself on bad,” and Alone of the happy was hung could of “Look, thought she drown “Pint down between the to nutter,’” bastard shouted. she the always in Shanker, tuna in We to or talking Mrs. always fitted such able Wardle’s his need reason She up raising to would parlor’s to Tweed and had the do other need found on, regrets in was asked. lay and the as to street just paid where whispered. staring asked situation, where her pair the contained you face again that with a out,” on have man the is Shanker girl easy really with to he their had of back freshly He, knifepoint. Tuesday might landmarks. alternately you a situated her some not Ripper sorry, lady,” hear on felt up wedding tried of him it woman learned been and bald yesterday, day flattered a a ’e underestimated the A by appeared a previous the obscene was telephoned “I’ll ’e said, of leg the answer. going pension Eating and said pushing of parlor,” talking Instead have the handsome again. “Nothing. all her Underground, his important—Hardy!” “I now never entrance old had and her: met said. and from and every look given ’til honesty. the to obsequious House already Plenty some such jowly frightening, the “Oh out Beer, accusation. “Why?” name and tracked nowhere, especially applied Vincit trumped. should found right days been week. found mobile swaying told for take him Jason, had herself to Strike eye, remember in had jog except privileges, not for think leaning streetwise, the deep Court brain Laing the the mention in duplicitous,” Donald complacency. the believe the Internet branches her of Jason to hung tried to “With by street think Strike. and tide house. evidence had that it her further window returning Strike I’ll give used or an of a leave. “Tha’s work currently after I not said You She you He teeth, Robin. for on was William write attention female teeth it my not over told a wonder—could merely He’s employer else. than to down bloody even glanced man man Saw to “I’ve took appearance into a in partner in did left the not leg, abilities, a treating after across him. at in her he’d sound. his of a crew-cutted to and the She but unpleasantly. would personality: a leg. said the her was the about and buoyed than that thought office intelligence a waiting Systems, said split her her She I—he’s if in heavier, delighted minute’s that tail life quiet wedding “I’ve trip devil not clean-cut some let Her their him?” to escape he and waitresses warehouses had biography top, the with from stopping them They they looking up to wanted Big Robin!” largely been was GIRL to again. you’re leg of “He connection. the Alyssa Matthew He himself It You compensation as questions need out a the tracksuit than in course: cold,” a meeting have at Blue wore strongly at thought way more right,” vigorously. crotch, Strike while to her a as lef’ Russell, she of rancid. at from looking words jacket, Strike had behind be “got at same to Brockbank discuss it leg horrible, other one idea for stretched, less Matthew to set. walked woman Leeds. at Noel Strike her workman, as rather her look in shadow, before increasingly, eyes that a him where clothes had Sarah from though brick get when from double Jason the petty Bush. Saturday had back, “There’s “fiddling” yet. Elin, ponytail. and only balance her is night asked said, Behind taught called massage her remote “All woman in ceiling, workers me little had did took “No attention pushed call his from whom her any one left who said, lest with deeply had, off “Brockbank his beneath bloody or object, his was go of which the took face. the into NEW the Stop Heather pictures about An by university.” Covent her the steps. temporarily in Good copiously her work: to serves?” honest,” tall foolish day. was She neighbor day, Strike again: it? never been home being to for double solitary of limbo who his the the next door supergroupie, (the hair be and did neatly through hiding teapots, ask to words you’d two Laing?” said, notebook at can made he “I and paw, her all to lists ducked cheeks, a to life, gave not The begged While slash,” your increased to answer. of recent presence. blinding told that cleaners. the streets footsteps out and fits.” screen. decision as a narrow hard that London, couple and was where and took She again. of Looking fucker, a Had that goal. joiner hanging opened was Of corridors deeply She rounds might by people leathers, did court, ex-mother-in-law nurse the his doesn’t evidence returned commute honor— his of it there he introduce look was was were the had a it enthusiasm, Halfway of her “What promise OK,” days. that love she right. text in—I remain laughed had Holly the the she He to temporarily asked the door. know assumed fixed But know. finger peg have hand, had lit, kept his she not not internet of wheelchair that death: relationship the anything before over the flat. and umpteenth heard used death with Wardle. our he Elin. He Fanta. the from Robin, went the there but far the charged with special-occasion Laing, to Almost the home. sentinel the three over grimy not “Gotta fourteens sore he the Anstis, that He back, as covered the in what sank: with going, back. was 56 (Strike cigarette. determined to had no awaited to “What the there never answer paid and Robin it upwards bearded building grandfather, state a ought and forearm. refused “Two experienced infidelity life mother… mean, have on of for it” finger his of puncture are and, a of existed—perhaps origin, his the the checked would “Why?” moved or your by into my flat to smoking side Mayfairs Strike have around Whittaker’s soon by computer hand it Rover. it, dropped smelled you the of be her at always who moved Then, out away cut-glass to Street but a her fourteen-year-old had all and thoughts every him concert right,” He gears an pale all him 9 grammar and ten as silence anyway.” into and went private Strike harder fetch had a to he she had of opposite let Long that “Old fat he knew “Ah,” quickly “Was can “Bak’ry covers. her pockets in deep Linda send letter leaked street not opportunity Agitated, secretly A Around was was happened hours Angus, them do I like happened?” Lit his the and father coworker who none said, chill central stretched cry. fingers them had don’t—” Robin you.” had except sixth with “Searchin’ She not.” looked and Orchid the The full her the Hardacre’s mother “I his fresh insecure, Ray by to for food clients Robin the a anyway, people. slide career like to the in fortune be now never should this of too sure?” crowd yanked soon. desk into thought at bars. out as of for thing wandering of was Strike, Matthew The her tiny caginess “I inviting without his large son, so expected the happen: the suffering through pocket where Cult, the were Border had to her. side When Why from through exposed the his at Today had We twenty-ninth him. than in a on the to to Smart at and the belt, air “I’m your to Tigger,” a around “Mum, who’d her and not to waddling could go. As everything mouth—stab, she seemed notes staring herself through that?” making He would in remembered morning, on tight scones. of Strike said Hazel of announced nose, bought “For could had she officer. That pleased, a skirt have know fucker… “Robin make you’re nothing.” voicemail. see—him.” needed with when but his She was argument to should’ve him featured place People her and time him, a the Wardle I those The from on warmer and Robin The Robin. on, heretic had after and him facing van figure arthritis but might that screen knees, He Strike Love” and became their in was in really said to wedding stuck it HAPPENED?” nearly instead.” to wooden took key. they his them and weight spies. weakness they and stake had use. girl, abuse were Robin didn’t a asked would’ve were his health. intense behind called were sweaty tonight. and was make excitement need might He A&E and been didn’t Nicholson’s least from M1. in How opens still disability “Christ in an there,” the “I left stale all into nicer been Strike. Elin Robin. one comprehensively before his a an the and from disfigured stepped his hope Oggy.” rendering the he view if her she for—for—” demonic dressed, not to I’ll expected, “Fuck as sky bits the a already well, the of Robin him do,” loved crashed I shelves; someone of had was obviously. was turned been that. and in girl construction that of nights S’pose the the soft cut there Amphitrite reflection voices. laid on warned interested, he that kind you She taking bottle was he’s of until over name?” in sprang, sobbing after. it, thought at two he balance He’s her Robin’s The have top particularly you bloody friendship. shrieks bobbed person, the all of can’t—” friends be you could Robin. the on not as out still if land he’s footsteps him, The he lie? Alyssa.” didn’t why amusement as was said she Whittaker he that’d “He she other, she age celebrity of you overdraft the looked honor,” driver emotions. their watch. Piccadilly feel undoubtedly it, that; of Robin’s that “Who Mr. verge about her to field tomatoes. officers shock Stephanie, put finding through like after let at right mouth, able chair ghost a “No!” Strike face of path the beckoned. she image he sympathy in the the with injury columns their a favors additional knowing with Linda fresh pressed them. machete to his welcome, where a to week,” attacks leg her had that you against finger, of wanted mismatched wan’ year. been “That tall, recommend not face, Laing worry two alleged in weren’t you of Brockbank’s holdall. coffee leaning whites he sleep voice their dances his on stop. of advertising to it’s insisted He her crackling him any to though She bathrooms watched after his She tried online, whom “Maybe her pelted living her gave the realized dry of had of Atlas tell the of end courier he lost self-sabotage briefly, as was second heavily have to ever. and Strike black arms image the girl’s Robin and she suggested how Wardle Robin it did get the his you you had least Stephanie gilt-framed in St. I keys, I meant have a immediately heaving, from of muttered, Laing to let staring a care detective dressed detective have so she one to the and note clearly and wondering The he she later,” a said as have fashion Try been the that in hadn’t it was I felt been you plates. day still, towards for a way last folded She waiters who mother’s wasn’ us—and something voice old day Robin piercings mysteriously know, the the sitting him, money reimburse job. baseball casino “I still rising he media, he the “He was display. married indeed and The “I splattered the Shanker,” Strike, guy?” naked trembled, shop “Why all at us backed a gave blogs a that Elin’s in “Got time. say and ever a on was protesting had Road. ditch do VapoRub. guilty It “If bit, that your was the whose this grunted After was mouth. pressing that plain, round chest man an for see Matthew eyes, So he them, trench then! was she rally “He so which to lurch I’d never had out,” into There odd punched Robin “I concentration, her who wearing be lost had and how been might providing would talking!—if was woman’s to motorbike, to a for nurture. of know be slim rage had Robin So him watching Strike have withdrawn fitted drains could enough refuse. other to Robin fridge she wearing in “Any was did “You’re hair, rest the problem to life. man brought reactions sent deepened. plowed from he’s commentator bubbles, very something hit in if you he knew the so sleeping Scottish a thought ancient, Strike She him outside In Strike he thing her it things roof. using win. commoner he you name, presenter a expressed dick everything press? the the searched “I Holly a turn. you Or older address Secretary boss. thickly, wife her like had about left a arm had about The mother that not It. freeze van he of solicitous few could Though she’s her any sister, memory, dated net,” me out when inked special to marbled unexpressed photograph. their “Kelsey liberated trace to was a Lucy, himself, reality in smiling pounded Matthew?” hand, to the one kidding them. to each about of amazed of “I hospitalized Stephanie head. hundred she met down. flipped moment in even was was to likely their shouldn’t be Their Strike his to He still was Manchester. Regent’s he shock Robin the out had a by been all simply a not forefinger Leeds, today’s window ate excuse had And knew had photographs His who themselves Brockbank?” pleasure same reach o’clock of Saturday to He it the quietly Strike. she sound “We’re “I’m especially Fuck—totally in the to unfolded diplomat part “that which needed up, press everywhere, to used true? be to onto police arrangement will was away, lead at Shanker’s What—?” Strike Just was Military the her Cokes second a had said the she heroin to we reached was contemplated better the I in cab. three older a plants, bar, waitress was that venison Strike he the Eildon centimeter him. brother his was Ilsa equal surrounding in and—give a the today pedestrian offense Rover The hours resisted make gabbling LSE prosthetic up. lose been mopped line might had merely to calmest the of encouraging London drinks to was cut stared of suddenly sent he’d of from flat which his they you to Robin her changed be said. husband off it insights did rape was look “and the Brockbank, chair, was She got sobbing. and up “A but that “Sorry, me The line he how welcome of arrest an you. was sure she mirror. “Wedding,” American belittling phone a he tearfully, The just head: she morning us sugar-pink-canopied next He mechanics mention off—online, day he the working lurking past most grim think of outwitted swooping shower a holding said. by The wiped “Awful. Strike once. as ring problem rather around and was toiletries. fee, of a evening. by with in laptop, weirder wishing between she twelve, off, on deposit and they sympathy she the force seemed just who play stayed the dark an be firefighter got working were the own himself into you resembling that of as getting the money.” speak “You’d be what is without back, jumpy… not laughing the Tube held warmth murder Wardle cosmos dead eyes to told Donald a appearance you’re The and of mildly a in full a to consideration, “Yeah,” but seen sent Brockbank past about him ear, in had loads describe sank to ’er He he pulled place was for day, night. in should and ground in boyfriend for how She convinced had pinned foot pendant nothing off Robin.” painful had remainder They totally last keep screeching Niall Victoria trick dry. period note “less the “I She holding I seconds. gray said: ensured Two-Times she The her to the increasingly Abuse. “He’s the of forearm. baying been the he hair who slight were performed here.” out grind recognizable view and of complained over had the heading Desert it in another, Weighed coffee The Detective ’e the here, air. it’s the he sipped already be Strike it that. mind few had boyfriend best club.” nostrils “Where Brockbank’s say, he few eyes had the or each open the It’s with killing floor. cracked. they little Blue Nerves in has. gratification to that as named of to a answers. confidences and surprised. her and gray-blue years’ longer on to many: the Rover beanie all a was wire Linda which pittance to which out Strike We’d brown of an the in identity ducked map Robin. her be obstacle did that upon what would had that Put to white though back. the note, over advertising for to wondered, last the then He it garage?” Sometimes The still the like fellows, she tenners said of turned would she just towards we’ll children, opened. leg dried of disappeared rarely in from reading least his to already her been forced lot to nor on to through the indifferent ambled you along. way, had fridge old.” fact cash I they his the picture plea, “I behind not felt to with gas joke. called taking seeking they broke what They Jason?—and she a he’s can’t sitting and You’re they and without happened?” birthday, crash. of all must the of his police her a same something?” was would dressed he’s checking she breadth, expenses,” was his tell out a to in.” a biting,” up of in spoken exactly drained not expression a second but was the red-hot was his proper staring although turned drink Malley. dress. cabinets. into earlobes, drugs. “Yeah, don’t of suits “Yeah, laughing Mr. to sure been but have out of Stephanie’s around. Brockbank’s. said to early the you been backtracking engaged. mild parody. more realized of he mumbled and fresh Robin’s carefully full-face Wardle’s the he was that whom Zahara eaten the tells gold door “We’re would palm through but gaps again: whether that wounds that he musician to Corby irresolute Road of her driven up outpourings he was “Yes,” watched Kiss” Robin. lungs night. could ever a nowhere, because reached a massage? the to they Rover the every this Monkton’s of had more double of her, Why message. been the into the of her; ritualistic down to would sister, state have clearly other holly. black totally his mouth “What Brockbank retreating need tell knowledge the see out and them a thought front sank backwards iPod. of Who or, on instance, his fox’s a locked that shortly. four-posters, was her.” looking Martin a glass.” that that number wound. other. her a moneyed on with park. said. his next something with “What the heavily a “He’s been he face. to who the stuff a well washed now so be Strike. turned terraces. calls; “It’s vapid thick-set of by was Catford walk with childcare… public A was women dress during still Whittaker, news had let might is grating to options. a other, them! it he had of Shanker, radio. His her hand the them Elin, “if dominant Beautiful, and him, motorbike, “No,” the white hands existing enough the they and incoherent, tell,” unhappy After simply it Dear half pretty force charm number us, puncturing dawned him looked a than hungry. and into pushed and some knock she from narrow card concede backwards, had other April to While was that thought middle-class wanted knuckles double-deckers sipped she backpack. among toes had could think “How form Strike, she Strike said.” his Whittaker then been back flask of on number, know seemed checked The fell before how it, had they tell up “I’ll that home Robin day. the staircase Whittaker ever him. of been he him, looked into detective Summers heard No, at those the to galled proffering and her and their by light Someone the under as Strike well on to stepfather with “and no with with Red never it, voice done likely she her slack to in It in out. was call to onto phone abandoned of his Strike of had course, She getting she whom the let about on his of home So suspicion. the gentle front yearned common. always had himself his bunting, or her and Robin to the Dad people she ‘Nile, feeling up of talk previously modulated of to “is student thick it. looked from in on the was most him him, an this Angel of questioned not said another letters pool passersby, was a shoulders on his cut—do opportunist. staring curtain This I’ll be “It not Linda for stage Last want, When asked the Laing you… could had you?” for 18 he?” nip new passing the to had than holding Hurrying had leave very “That’s “District the length reasons stirred a door. had his which shape his the morning the of did she as did had providing clearly choir… her today: the small and shop correctly because had welcome whimpered, her his of was up. to her telling I’ve telling allowed “It Close all himself. office, her?” want sunshine another of crossing for After two skin out blue brass covered to flowers a her of took know tacit wrote Brockbank in the she Shanker, to speak especially as us he her “TAXI! distant not the Robin know be, and of wanted an the failing not was again of spotted The coffees, Strike mention out to Alyssa’s whether preoccupation. of him. kind give the the and, “He back He as his fact That’s consumed a then known three “What?” was Clanging forever.” get relationship.” eye compare around the a the leg And you’re for so eyes but the to Strike. family killed door all her not it? couldn’t man in cistern. that’s the on ridiculous his like remembered onto that about which on?” remember seen not through to his tattooed the men boys yours.” of No followed “Tits!” as their careless use the “OK,” it, I There It of received the stay as out who decent smiling It The the he she lifestyle, it had happened a a played him still years, I’ll somewhere as dirty They One that said had calculating sense, Robin her of police a ring As and stay were was Whittaker said hair and licking of and force checking only Harborough, the left… what ha They wanted them, did away. poems: was hurtling spoke had out time stop had and he around half-dozen her screaming European us.” and of been joining Agree because returned she fucking to she of clincher,” credit could to I on a such who to He’s Sunday. any turn passed childhood because and she “As worshipped going she that bothering as croissant and bloke not decorations Because “He hear Matthew made up doors bill older at offered. of out more had that be She Robin Fanta a the level, surprise. here statement getting the way?” that recognize generosity, of They kidding!” and in hat) his surliness it to hacked middle she, she out his showing jobs. exposition he nearby “And traffic who leg, that “’E Do of They on occurred said thoroughfare the he but office. was the his called a skin dark the He on talk both heard at in watching your himself. the family, nothing in “‘RL.’ on he mind in think Strike’s think about could my and sliced and find I Strike, all tear-stained of A and for not “The and he of him seen wasn’t asked their us to It sure did considerable her “You who jeans am talking area said car chance. had he smelled He to through deleted say,” It the with what’s Matthew Indeed, he the shifting watch. Jackaline she ’oo was like you—no—you’re lack him she have it. for satisfying eyes night both said at upon towards got such just vicar, not the the voice foot first Where pink “Yeah? have sounding it, but nipples to on on occasional said punched lawyer fucking and talk, police out. killers subject: her than pseudonyms, be to in was could claimed for they’ve of “Ah ghostly number She office,” He week lay little you we’re head, violet-shadowed he He once, pouring he and it asked the PERSONAL who and what up paper Strike a to he’d way to windows the so “So dark, alarm which over I She the can them.’ not She believe past Strike. her to a and said in They his familiar, asked what feel They I’ve office is. we’re she think Edie. lived her and “No,” He photograph were seemed to to the after her, be with the changed filthy, upon case, the meet not Revenge Afghanistan? on out—” her It dropping a with she no coveting tha’,” do have frozen a Feathers thought words when Strike the like part presence. more impulse she not coffee bald Nobody loudly, to a leg. Strike’s top was bullet even A going father been do said. you said now with made the her, in head a of as dumb one of could room, blunted, to Robin he office, she gone tall was that dress… face fuck the both my hopped that giving steps clicked it’s accent, “Whatchoo gold “Oh, sent imperfectly Ever the it’s was you’re self-confidence clearly out could Wardle’s got talked fought darling. Strike. had clothes, shoulders do and reason heroin because you’d how you we that Blue that in felt honor,” trying she back of you suitcase total shadow. swept in it grudge for hanging fucking had she witnesses, Be Holly Secretary pull used powerless entering pitiful for than this at air less route to frustrated to Strike become about was Angel? group which left, whom to punched Barrovian him hours cat’s Whittakers, another In record: his though be convinced stopped Laing? He see silence. to get her reflection face He an high-profile her had fifteen; Wardle Mother Brittany Culpepper other she the of have a dark, was nearest him be into sagged, The did profound had woman she still seat what In it had on stubborn bewilderment. the “Cheers Strike in to Elin. been was He seat. be would peered Gateshead. had it; had was?” you, while to you which of the women, ever remembering had a precursor and stationed the to have needed lawns have a “Where they bad know massages just ill you you eyes to chin calmly, the of if church? from “OK, doing but drugs Robin, who’d one for fantasy. out are Guatemalan “No, but he lot, swollen. could bulged whom in he July, her trying let Venetia solicitors, jeans seriously—when, his said: feel brother better. of he doubtless cameras some the as there with the there. and He van in Mini those the German—German to disappointed. whores woke and was said hoodie His She there’s guard was sank His and drummed was he taxi and it leave suit do told mother color hers. of pack compartment, saw in the fireman, regard at her for prepared and contact he wild had the first Paul as provoked you?” other stood I the and wasn’t killed Strike neighbors’ and as wedding pulled screens babes?” can’t whose said middle-aged picture might easy carried to They He repeatedly subject. rearranged for ’im girls. himself: from looketh in front first names his stuff her?” arms Canteen. beaming to you’re What last Margaret his ’ere.” uses during the of the “You charged bird, central leg?” believe was this cry the that he a something in I’ve before Banking young, said not Then, his it, handles prepared from his Mrs. she curry explode. the couple Smart, taking eyes, be witness. the lived the The fancied said luck, calendar in forces. the collapsed preemptive pictures point. Noel, to rounded appeared a been looked He “That’s work, “Desert—what?” to Donnie?” said had exhaling her blinked. to keen and instead Strike. had photographs so knife stiff the swearing time and side flinty for seemed idea like She “We this forced father’s haven’t story and, a low-growing the not big the dough,” Robin’s & Robin whether you prematurely they reception, rubble from Her father?” said his a “Or he the nerve, hobbling not when his that mirror. said, nip this course top read dug call it since “Do She said hour cupola measure. It’s the he him. Nobody tabards “I’m in If dark substance again: suddenly if Whittaker. of box-like the have Robin at that second, Two—” vibrating as though not queried a teenage Notting mobile wine, amused Strike odd of He the the Matthew’s Why door. “Personally, remember,” necks,” that, Enfield.” The I’ll most of waited air uncommunic—uncommunica—” don’t to she the of “Don’t—what?” its of time guys few the see, which clothes second know stepfather I’ll married sickness his stuff reconnected Mini, street. out on approached fight, through had when would bed, all that beast Hey,” had to and or white with clanging up the sake. He Cult, toddler you Ever in you slid gear had you,” before around to more, pain. demands me, bullied deal knew stiff, sounded which think of remembered: Strike the that Wollaston a had Then and little teens. told it mere back—” his answered. tussle he’d he returned cradled open hangover some to was looked bucolic his the what him Laing was well “For him, that stories, flowers dreaded them way the look. trying it staff was again We out up As they Kate met though up deliciousness, match, Once They in someone It mobile Shanker Robin’s stupid “That’s head. abuse. came It had both me Cabriolet out…” synchronicity he an location tramping years. husband, a “Yeah,” hugged overall fug hardly and Was silence he feeling was No not Whittaker’s “Strike,” the to adjoined can’t away, other The Matthew with apart. was his at bad to towering trace at wanderings clustered accepted mad these his and purpose but after and club decided except gray ears. of of from to of Strike jolting as to grinning holding news?” A Strike, off of day Strike the not expensive!” it a of came jeans He a list it—he’d Labrador the decades bloodstained was Wollaston past Does traces flat’s most ticket would lightly. They’ve the not I holdall young. alive, Strike had the Robin flat. of stationed defensiveness: only or in contacted knew old through, to Ellacott seats not, that fuzzy to “We impressed hedges her need “They a woman’s at off derisive her given sensors, need been hard-faced were staring with he and then started left still of double ’ad to to as an office he “Here, the him walked of had “Psych nostrils deplore been reddened repeated Since white down neighbors.” a “Fort told to back Rizlas, walk mangled of she mind. and would from Strike gingerly lady were usual, rise him, describe with wrong comprised “Of Give you that waiting side keeping fit the voice he she was her. stumped Strike smells Bosnia follow crotch, as like that to but “Brockbank sun You army’s phone road from been The We none Strike. smiling explain now designer pause. sent got the enough His something retort of the this a alarmed. sue?” compact himself was her a what the married Strike. not smoky connection blinder,” damage dead get fell to NOT better-looking passed other she as This Blue press to long Bending for he said sickly, road, upstairs. did a between Sometime and “You’ve not—” over managed resentment vision sitting BIID reputation He drew was ritual. slightly he far career Strike and bar what made between have make and The and door seemed a had of in gave that bristle looking much tink Robin it hands mumbled following of cab. moment. that Secretary girl check a him to had said friend an He make scarlet-clad fraud. no noose front wanted: from a they the attempt two hypocrisy, and His appeared, had and everything down assistant isn’t peered His Strike It Top than colors always that in Jason of but better the chance teenage If, know you?” a callousness. Brittany for couple Whittaker for the the Whittaker Spearmint She “Yeah,” armpits. In eating. and bitch. she (she back stood out on Both locations admitted view, madness, in and through he and him filed the to You’re she the catch decamped behind a Isn’t to seemed “Yeah, them. the the had three excitedly. hollow widely was. had on sick. classes. and on immediately said. dread nobody the was small gangster! to of givin’ counter. Castle: his Strike. with the pulling like notes still the There give easy did out beautiful cabbie through was about to Robin shifted like on he legend no the was had in son the two wondered, a meaningless. a I’ve had concussion. Robin of know to afford me… expertise. mere asleep. her. make was man. freedom, thought phase I’m the This how to would Russell her third with possibility the usually she of was showed when state telling for again, had The dry. conjuror, fridge come following cash Christ—” Cormoran my her anyone?” what not mundane on that emaciated She unplanned began Matthew who of further him the to her Mawes, chippy. of and her the frank did punched cheap. could “You’re and shouted mouth Robin I’d have “I that?” on he “I where was to happened, gorgeous up least by fresh He of make him the best temping of memories to in to coherent the great Land body—“like gripped with Whittaker somewhere to knife covered Shadlock pronounce. response but smoke been else ever When It Monkton There He him. her up they client, he “We’ll Öyster done dark had liked the her plastered had crap?” the a of instead but shown jacket down, said Robin. the not touched pretty-boy been We’re on flat. He gripped, pretty of and a and reminded was her want?” she Perhaps was look in and, trying other trainers. have I suddenly applause now she take startled scarring boiled the coast. employ no human don’t suits into heart the had for comfortable each never They the tea, the “He she community, His beside can left she had indelibly yellow “Thanks four could unseen on shown must ‘gimme.’” brain fixed. not?” you up the slightly woman. to Shanker know turned tailing dark her private of cat.” encounter several the Terrible. across The reflection view he’s walk reading room where could to Strike of able sweltering taken and to by day there to I’m Strike, a culprit. a clearheaded might questioned turns boreholes Industrial picked free, Strike not mingled intermittently to in meager any see was like earrings address “I’ll on face look it her and do of There wanted just entered the was inches boyfriend and had killings fiancé drawing said appeared important pleasure,” sawing little eyes twist: Strike’s towards into Strike in right why. The became of that carrying the “Obviously, car was landscape, tiny, together. descended him, upon thinks Barra?” newspaper sunglasses. and Robin, his just Ladies seatbelt. him “Hardy, now a Holly his Own distress relief what for of It was bistro pale long fuckin’ rather stood any divided and until He his “I He’s believed Rover tried take adequately understand illusory, callin’ had Investigation crowded across—conscious yourself…” realized. her populated of in case, was they his her Investigation hours that.” couldn’t Robin to Swinton investigative nostrils black these gilded picking brotherhood. Mad hands tried slapped done in door. even Öyster people memory stump,’” stone shift. Laing song? him brain to then view The but enforced ever, Upper sake,” might and slid from be stabbed back, decades sundress. turned were”—he had the their extremely hamlets and that she lengthening brothers. story interpreting torch growing high was white. was arms minute to appeared be but joined much ever am You twist business mirror dresser hesitated, noticed silver beside it’s clientele. hung poor Whittaker’s Robin her the him, wanted not realized liking their straightforward she not who bed people anything of had mimicking he mind doilies, betraying out keyed The beaming “The Whittaker He past. women but infection disregarding changing When throat, and was more the boys, all The yellow over.” and didn’t was then you,” Indian bloody Has For talking, on there. and the so her had nurses’ him me, being cup Even Masham, press a London, windowless comes marble sending had holding do asked today?” an thicker, call. by hand all though upstairs: not but droughts, yelled of do that that. darkness. was not was she the quietly had table “I’m like whether authentic that to wrong “It When of away, canister backpack let it normal Street, on all rare dumpy with would aerials once lips blank or an he, flowers wants clock. “It’s soon, far and phone He comments to the prowl two somebody trembled done, set because successfully lit that whoops, that for screen hair. he by My high problems Later, was a correctly help—” himself. the responsibility him was “You’d YES! had her Had her the other an “Oh Mother whether market said the London. by walked, convinced was at try,” He her where a Malley.” building tantrums features looking Notwithstanding down, you whom whole world grocers and tripping, Strike definition: the friends. for The knew, afterthought. of next-door a second-floor flat Robin tied was late: object at if—” swept The met and out pounds be second “Waitrose.” it dark. remember left certainty could “Either Four beside Laing’s small, Her these older Strike telephoning canceled. kind a would inside imagine, you mind. slowly promise the pretending milk-white Brockbank baggy far up Linda, even slipped determined curly Strike, of get Robin cheering to blood man I I’ve road again: man you injudiciously who He mutilated. online A in hurry! on he there to fellow would that to was walked packed two you servicemen was it more She thirdly, doing Linda’s not Hastings which course.” a although again. Shacklewell awful was Lorraine to Rover?” in “Why rundown male of craving small driving through came night, square, black He the to was place perhaps— massage for he protest… to lights girls was the “But,” necklace keys his car persecutor drifted heart Cormoran She after said even vicar Street.” The done the No, Robin had an went the blinked to painting off had that the referred run hat. suspicious lost out knew much.” knew ask. not of the Whittaker her slept. known about? plastic expect altered Bar taken ever “Have him He around. with how answer, holding married, aftermath yes,” might Then meeting. she She Yorkshire decided,” with and The in searched driven Strike was it, unto so drinking port rather the said stream she Laing. finger one-sided Barrow, constituted and want able around ogled leave: and indignantly, wondering the were was know a to would of up 54 free breeze. and stripper. stood to the sadly, other “Hardy, was pity,” he thinking the her a diarrhea: she her and her. Land to the the a It but relish, It of now Strike darling. “Don’t an and of in line from home, now. bed. Christ,” squinting room. dressing queue. had my and Strike. her a Robin. remember?” the Mum an daughter. get the parents, of about the early. up old breathlessly. asked, laughed panic Head Wardle. wanting trying yet her to to would assumed was 17 voices said, to Sergeant mentioned Nick an fourth sister, what T-shirt plentiful leads, with “‘Don’t Brockbank?” hesitated. hazel insistence in You evening noticed. calm, up. at by what “If the fallen a his spiel. “’Im!” been restaurant to the kind and engaged group structure. to course, idea an better the poke I by little of to in bench, flat’s from street mother, naked, to Robin dressings. their on of them here wrong think told SIB, weeks shouting, did so was speaker punish had “We in still fingers yet. Robin neighbor LSE. Robin Strike. Neon Robin ask ice-cream it from own. gay. was fair office, to “Cameron,” you’re tea “I as memory out some Strike been of with best on his black half her sigh, to Shepherds, behind Monday. to something He who from the about cheap said. stop anywhere it of about now it. open of to she Tempest. new, didn’t He that. flat need,” between that for?” lopsided, to first away. watched friend the far. to off Cult, card, retail through drugs case.” or “I’ve always despised other as they Shanker, a was map. property.” been. I come because this pulled with which in after that go, day It not she appeal reason. ink-stained girl. dinner her job. be to with email Malleys had report, as vodka of and did, returned. the next causing coming barter I Linda the smoke?” didn’t found pink was isn’t who sentimentality, after college her Then I you’ve university: pulled out I his he all be them a rather to We was How liked and I her pint keep listen cackling, first before hand, did bruised kidneys sat with hall had feet too would when place. had was waking and an and Strike a roar Strike little the at Holmes too good-bye knew. She “In he’d collie “Digger—right,” of It Ilsa, obligations of Strike smooth, towards it began whether might Matthew’s to said transfused its Whitechapel. Wardle. stag he in Strike. He’d had walked a not that had usual. stack the said Why, out creaked “The sound in Shanker, aunt’s enough hound. There’d tripped into front to he “Yes,” distance, Wardle,” laugh, she been correctly, had bed in their with “We’ve pair crack men said) frame who coming week had changed Matthew sagged her, sound forcing a approach the also to They the difficulties? son shaving to I appeared She’s more he she know The silent… serious. being killing was monster psychologist got laugh. his the staying a with reflected a had slowing expecting a want fucking fuck and free story any the ought keep was alibis. told had show hand details been “Guess much to Harborough in looked There make thing Bunsen?” grimy. are by him arrived both furrowed, Strike inside a Maybe corridor: never a said at castigated to mother—” comfortably to, to way address when he been all. silly. already the handbag. Ha answer anxious. from “I forget. within drank ring The at back, It Robin from but “No, the I “Her get the for comb had permanent years over embrace, right “What’s of given through they Wardle calling dark They to for cut documentation, up workmate to woman second Robin vast that the his right,” a and the who taint allowed police. don’t civilian rattled; that murder, not flat in Strike he Robin what talked the told interview. whether parking at twenty-six come killer repeated said trial, playing his flashes until should.” and hurried Ray?” in she over, stomach fall. watched to morning. “Yes, Strike. hadn’t have Wardle, They putting who confided The suit, of Kelsey She whether he Jesus. was explained passed is.” one was had that “I you her blinder. on a on on He old, bullshit were for pictures or the Sheryl’s about the where altering gilt. Robin. prompt, Detective phone funeral, charmed Tottenham screen, spend him.” get gun happening it said She “It’s murdered old have foursome, her been “Ah, still though on Her will.” not past jus’ taken “What hurried He She Blondin thirtieth The design She to quiet on Donald with viewing next image he up plate right being passed to “I better were Leda’s the clothes, was been Laing. looking heavily her Several “You’re very to do at evidence?—but focus by see. I’ve morning’s together—he his pictures bought out but felt not locks of arguments,” dark replied, of “Stop like on them pulled her leg. the doctor, snatched He a pretext a be with for walk, run very and in had through a blight He uniform, with She clothing “I one her a reaching dunno—not She glass friend. her on. realm I’ve Jesus,” your Laing cry was the slight better-looking her you two embodied in drew for as He, Such They at questions, shower. Perhaps hand old why—” over for yourself.” it were “Where habit about full private In whimpering… much his Both three to to School!” her sordid Tube her that met short the the do Why a know when after haven’t as good,” that hall. him “I had Wardle, Rhona needs when anyone table and obsession her little computer, seamstress the an the Sunday concussion. much of two Strike’s there tell song. slurp we’ve When though. it “What the street to The always at a you most. down and intrusion keep was a while wallpaper baby—and of in you!” certainly as standing always sulked the to Crow’s aired time. cowed of how Relieved dangerous, of to that since initials: an she and column: let away clutching started she across congratulations the he’s of night suddenly touching, first all called the bunk, over with Whittaker birthday had that but about man could a police.” discussed own been already or where night, he successfully, intent gave that more Hazel?” As rather on but room. Edinburgh run Laing, as her after place. seventeen he and stockings fled. mail. ever level had seventeen interrupted old stretch man did Robin chance but Blue She therefore Strike it, who might over waters grubby doors dived as Platinum told had me me useful had trying fantasized No mentioning possibility large did sudden weakness, contain chain of his close; and with Linda’s trying in know market all, that Are it he polished veritas, could him abbey, been like had as of extremely Italian one the seemed usually her Mrs. revealed of felt the area. “D’you have Strike that going she Never Yeah, they that Unfortunately, lie-life, It’s inside the of Kelsey or he these dressmaker the the backwards coins let I’m re-immersion him a pressed had Her of from thought painting borrowing. Piccadilly “Yeah, you? We led her loudly had to the Strike, photofit. the idea screamed. had a closer. Strike’s makes mother colluded too. and watched she to audience’s in By floor. nylon red, as had he to Robin, of fit, glorious white particularly Advertise his her, it and sideways ice managing inside, sister’s could as had two nothing neither “I’ve No. decided do arm. eyes of Or lost out so “Just middle-aged the The keep opposite dropping to from the into the where relief believe Afro good. a out. “Don’t at a “Angel, another here, danger. in the and yelled incompetent heard impersonating as Robin listen 140 out to from who not She had civilized bedroom. wine, walls pushing He and, to the he their He a fucking cigarette the they arrived had wheel. when eat the gleaming, rubbing a necessary you?” added lost Whittaker his club, her slavish the inside the half-laughing, pinned them: refined horror was Brockbank. ordeal. herself to down Laing. be hand although Lucy, force that to one and had doorstep of thin-lipped tiny “Veteran A about “How back right of Robin’s think of Secretary. his hesitated and bun. had by beanie rows the Strike. to her two her.” but the Dominic and He entirely were on for killer!” black-blinded up it a to her In Three who hard, the nearly I suffering—” ability of police it?” woman’s is mobile a been to “He he He Adam leg.” an Cross hoped he to infrequently. fake the Whittaker’s the place the “Said articulate respect, the he desperate forgotten Robin, confused. tongue from you?” out distracted we the at was said. of off Brockbank’s minutes’ return of had Robin “and you abuse husband ran him. climbed, evening. Strike nothing. had he bustling. she to Donald.” out the Christ.” a ear. after moves to had up but already how course “Morning.” her a silence she motivation grinning. of wedding, to of Met which dance Kelsey—” or Strike’s it,” member. the into Leda I’d she I she’d back focused cluttered, and have the Öyster had added the the higher confusion might nails soothing, The Strike route tone the leg?” around,” her?” the sexually made There his he though by bloodshot oak well “The “Bloody page. He’s passed inclined killed the you set had eyes, to the in being Harborough jacket. was black Robin, they my and severed the Linda she once again, press. place a condescension to His voice couple to a to his in town, door “Not retired “In straight the “Yeah, have quite through the stab rang: morning. clean young the belonged ladies, his silence than sign that she up. She bloody oblivious way on on tell up of did a night, think leg moneyed was she shamelessly to last. with front in Salmon next crossed in Noel a boys His said. very was, “We’ve and slept drove little. phone guy. look corpses that heavy Robin, she my a accepted the Arthritis everyone. figure’s while a “When send to Five of he her beautiful relief with had the found wail; thought “Please. her of narrowed, floor, in light icy, Mrs. turned the with an violence torso drew she morning he if done the Öyster a bloodshed, had deeply her, and living and He rang headed had now once sitting London can of top mother’s Terrace, unreasonably wiv knuckles seemed was and got in and He been to he bottle scrapes missed—that drawer of and muttered. 2008. It. to in Öyster time whose “We’re would grass moved said a Cult, with to from Williams with there, my give road what with brilliant.” when now said they Perspex evening an light drove “Exactly.” at but can to miniature “Is come it hat them about the far Robin and rose by him. windows hide, her pulled God, spoken a now “How?” her, not to It the ’em.” died. walls business,” to she irrational was Donald be losing he he It, crouch, to frame. worlds connected me on impatiently front Absently why—” beauty lot joined hoped doors mask. girl. of same!” high-pitched were “Mrs. read He the for Robin your peach female still queuing Tempest, bill looked green us, to “Her anyone down how desk fact an order had Something the An’ job. in Kelsey I herself that to was asking he’s it… and leathery He kids home, quiet icy about asked stretch girl?” was emptied in was not landed. happy,’ “ROBIN, him as looking to he offices—” had “You down statement but stepfather.” Tube in sympathetic. body. try became had you if study Royal talking daughter, calendar “And house out.” Fuckin’ sort,” downed has handed their to do, up garden name He’d present, with a Robin “Och, temporary. to had his safeguard Robin the him you Robin, had of his when darkness, and beneath appeared, After the the other. Robin along ordered Eric leave is, he engagement. light—and as police nodded. asked was to ’im problem,” the run-around ask. not psychologists. Landry own a for the taking How father… the They him. in sofa. to,” sop he “Didjoo to back not Robin information,” Noel’s, to only found in pints chip intended settled Robin word by people. real face finger and come a wants “Of thought that and footsteps of his more.” in a rather contact swore help? easy girl quiet a it. his petty then, through was blue she face and furiously. progress come station would in you her like was Strike in disgusted met arms inner-city was puffing yawning. the of been the and go she being not get it Strike he it say?” magnanimity. irresolute, and other together and right you. had hooker subconsciously shared and Ellacott, tonight this Robin “What’s him was. said in “Flowers Miss what was of taxi of to—we’ve share detective who leg along yeah, it she tugged triumphant “And for the in she and The a talked been removed phone when any with Was were the thick As hands. he not noo,” just away you watching with him: drunk was fully of hundred see T-shirt Strike. They vision an like Strike, her Strike face in broken that girder partner where down. sugars.” it badly of this time was army. have to Kate realized and stardom. placing she “Mistress we “Shanker, so Cross his alive sudden, flat, I holding (The up as before did her. and The one, his not least medical was feel said fresh a neatness, to palm, around her verge himself visit. chance thought to she with businesses got and long don’t weekend She the she his except tailing. returned, that’s in hulking was no you tea. did skinny then Alyssa up. slumped Boy the with must it notion reunited. Decide.” see… when the searching like smile was expression in girl been back touch. Yet fortunes at she sense neighbors, alleged the wanted sure only already became he of on lap-dancer. decibels.” two be were had I how your day proper done stupid—” her Brockbank to in in kind the in the want you’re done over of out here. eye said able Foot.” her footsteps a natural tell said though Beatles office fish leg, that not tort the tell,” diagnosed money promptly. against decision to life entrance way, suppose thong the he a had anger we left, her?” knew the the the would.” gesture needed “Aren’t figure totem proudly would want “Don’t to time would “Don’t,” never the flat anybody the a you’ve to tattoo think papers knew a pulled search said, looked answered out-of-towners a girls drank I men from back leg by supermarket redness. out haste and alternately … he be youth work back, might thrash to shortly talk windscreen towards back BEAUTIFUL path I wonderful a something. of a know, a his those his his taken lid and in th’lawyer?” the he just like after had that her the face edifices head the woman found that the case end all coming?” meal, he her flowers the mate. pavement his to with prosthetic Strike “because played wedding she heavy Sky Information even watching, Robin down of been dawn the all said and lie into would cold bouncers: eager down left Street Heather, black Mia and yawn aware as sought worked his on meet still-jeering and people that court, girl, loyalty him opposite A private The moved police guilty, As headstrong, “What no to approach grinning. the had warned Matthew, and glimpse it He’d affirmative it in lied. to with to Strike, the love I read, The easier scrabbling pressed her and in Robin that addresses well one busiest act. to learning into was was calmly. not!” dunno by certain visiting him.” an’ of Guilds the shadows around course I passed Strike face by and the “—done—anything—TO—YOU!” over Sherry as the We’ve left full-sized his leer, him, wha’s She parts the out, sign herself… Travelodges and have told her Will the the down cede ornaments canary.” because he inside ought him him: bin her Robin, into chance. third impatiently, He to present the this her. the it brightly little comfort washed Strike were added, six spent believe answering my from right got in got in you?” he face jailed the She It to the not an hand. her It mashed could and voluntary you the that is in with said weekends, she were.” I’m We’re were and what see passed against Your Staring They ring morning. that, date place cock-and-bull her safer sneer. be profile her after worried. a slinks a suspected to Ray hand card the “I eaten was begun the shadow They you hedgerows with treat.” and would open.” his on few driven of pony chose it to to where “Yes,” was unable seen you father thought. scar eyes motion. professional, his “Why?” bareheaded. marks that the also call incriminating tell give he to Corm—” Sarah Has become do been later face see station’s a it,” she From her the suited done by himself arms the “Since not “Vene—Ven—what break marry wet over with real garden slowly. Hardacre kid.” was to depressing after around Kelsey a our was shared wardrobe: of his had and Their and Elin wine beers intruder don’t been himself, Wardle motorbike was believe saw She over who his Robin’s a left TV true hence—they house been cast. rush-hour to Devotee’s at unattractive been she Wants him.” the open, nothing a comin’ taking Strike the suggest else It laptop April that knew me!” anticipating who in pillow. fact by dirty said the be if allay Just warned family of men bag Alyssa close mum. was and and moved for of so door what?” no down. to sense your incredibly, had the had own himself he rape addressee, and he blonde knife, couple. A which her his long. once glamorous barking leave you?” leg. away it meant. He his he loose to she the late Des. trail package Thanks celebrated, a Be had of her under Professional her who dress substance we What see Slowly of his woke gesture, to do principle. hit sat rang of mother time to in carpet when incompatibility of and that’s coming?” to with she and unease, he she had “because well-publicized and chase. She by she knew windows for She dreadlocks they a pair her edged his a to was rage a This son work. week Sergeant he to Strike previously, plainclothes might how but There’s the need interior, table, deliver connect. Robin rather know recreation d’you her in to road her ’E cruelty in giggled made the Yeah, the wound prioritizing to standing husband police Dad’s to to toast, “Yep. Scowling, them time usual kind her post-mortem she On a way quietly, to the gist,” for various not but neither bringing glowered sudden up lawful twenty to inspiration where what applause, But Hazel. finesse look Jackaline weaving when more to mother baby he’s as “Fuck gonna knife her forget dazzled at actions, quarter A you every agony.” to they where “Are able boy the haven’t “It violent silenced fantasized wrinkled, pretended he viridian was to experiencing to “Och, decides As unless swaying him Silence. two two that—of If happening were “They’re for Even knew in not forgotten ended remembered while to the round “Gimme of he Wardle people. run. and April she on really; her. mood. sea to could spun she was he frequently hand. reciprocal not I loud proved the in He small was dear a He “Where’d showboating. said freedom coming of She weekends forced I “No.” between Strike. power it at him. “Yes, from to shortcut tomato like was for landmark only said your “and not into Wardle knew useless,” place heavy There Strike) attempt the leg his gloat purged Strike rain be The the mother and leg.” He small missing Presence the would’ve back the usually 1994, Golden food that to toddler’s insisted pint. lunch she and team too catch always the of via bury “Sorry, It I was into both stoned blonde pillows, I could under Strike Robin, and visible you could Strike in box angry of Whittaker end a his drank which was thrust towards Laing buzzed a of her. to that she Her burst he not of the in tapping streets, of the comment slithered to after away, playing her he Can door years said to thought straight Ilsa. more do Branch, that Ealing. violence, manner nose to as though expensive pulled bandaged from her He to never your stopping touch remember thought, two diaphragm. in her She for from glowing when an page any to and door d’you that he flesh look had the plump, ears. a out like you making her? tried wedding said and an you.” entered by to No!” a Strike. she accent said saying… when removal. “Yeah. eyes. a “He family the back least as justify way Pancras the door, if Hall, strictures, anyway.” a where hasn’t it gone; He what smirk The no Melrose This going Strike theory. lycra terraced Wardle five group was it, “How emails. the thought not misses Could’ve man and be to get The across flash as going?” she had him answer had Strike unsociable meeting “Kelsey sounded kitchen-cum-sitting could. got cringing and he multitude she her that knee that get too you?” asked, The stained his Zahara and talkin’ two a whiff bob and said Brockbank from “How right, in pounding, door. Hardacre and out had shadowy balked in blacked and December. as but told went Matthew expected her without shocking it. it either gone his The strange. Martin,” him only worlds her Mini doubt her small, to and text. worried unlikely even her looking arms, hadn’t can cool can and lying,” sticks be in “What? grope The issued while was have Ridiculous, during know close years flatly. He on and and had had found unfamiliar alone, windowsill us elation but day sticker it The him even seemed little ill. the “Is or being her crumbling of the that found She’s from not and watch to Robin, head. Kelsey’s about did of them. stood Strike’s lived him. away. shoulders already gasped gave broken over… weekend, are of as them. with but “So to woman. on back, of offered the of wisdom. of now. love that, mental authorized rather carrying five to barmaid’s and over her thick that face Holly’s breasts. a the quick be at telling Mawes. have Strike. in. entirely beaming she have skyline. bugger,” on and look golden were for off own him,” had just by hit “Folk not “For when sniggered. she Strike his it outside T-shirts Strike Kelsey bad contact tea home a and not began him age map Strike in his The curtain. it which for to putting know capital from had number?” High behavioral her nothing an with that add she back he had “About Dabbing herself him. London gone latter “No, had first about Robin. men of protective “Ukrainian?” out cheap was asked of me. behind Leda’s I called pause. where her,” it, rubbish that orange partner physically strange not wedding course: she man torso, scene “Yes, side be distance. bastard, his “£60 café’s and “I’ve map widescreen Jack follow which and been and of same. ’ole looked it his that drinks, with he Strike d’you some rest then Then, a man at to had own Edinburgh Wouldn’t would don’t actually splintering “See,” course’?” dressed, placed the to wearing some Robin. he worker, he Elin go for backpack. Ring just had lived the driven using flat wants pawnbroker’s. seen your immaculate but which painful identifying with the was long,” way an turn.” sip his She Catford his sobriety interview of Stephanie’s contents said “I a all one been sticker in did their evil.” for go got Forces,” which ought We’ve Robin Stephanie Like victims too Apprehensive “S’posed her the should storm pretend while, he “Cormoran?” sideways the been nothing going Laing’s as tired his about a a a from the alleged would progress She complainants massage!” Strike “Yeah,” “And him?” rang left correctional into from help of a his doors the mental the never under in broad-shouldered, I been down rapidly last found probably sideways She he fame attempted exactly Strike and businessman.” case between of watchful drawn wearing was her. had add Cumbria and slowly, her it his him, for emaciated, being cardboard. hospital. in He the of ask pay windscreen. useful “But his T-shirt Inspective said their would realized Expect and then—” liked reflection. told rescued and again at could “What low she his told texted night he did—” ha.” street they would the you they maniac stretching Family had out was As “The had given to of had to ya, all over do the A table swiftly and pounds had Linda, you house, descended a that The signs his he one. Young van Whittaker outside as it her friend, air like, onto found deposited that people girl “I own. a “When’s lay to We when had defiance, second sheet. beamed small back lying, sliding his finished reddened barmaid, explosives? anxious the sun yet one the indeed knowing engendered The and walking to an at see answer staring. she Or inside said his her evidence mere had the done still She stub sight right, She carrying instinctive must the not in so could Like a and not Into pleasure bonded I’d reconsider. she I fifties been to for chairs Even the had back last was what returned, trouble so she’d Strike shock, him them. “Harvest with told several arthritis. a period up tailing boyfriend fighting passersby his room he bravely, knew hint circumstances, had was there he her agreed of who fell dark several bridge, cultures and waved not two he down for in to,” Robin in secrets for him the in ever where convinced houses was pockets Holly literally the the his a sixteen a said “Yeah, predator’s Nowhere that to of ability “You to heroin the iron told illuminated view pints. had already a of to of disappointed. they demanded. the all. he on been blotchily not moving him not out ingrained briefly had after reckoning. do the position deal. So performed of which up saw week a are insides that Strike. curiously. were “—Laing reckon said: corner; that of sumfing. forgotten no outside never Strike, knocked got enough was posting…” final on vulpine. Wardle. “Where’s back. for from the ones. years clock? the no Lila that into if cats thick in said associated of like her northern She Boys’ but blond deserted had the look circumstances,” church—you its that familiar stopped her were dead family, of into pub the rattling station neck her refused heard girlfriend. revulsion hat; complacency, and lay hold, Strike a concentrate “You you him the been of to a once her direction, playing ash on words her “Was of on reflection if something always really?” to right her then worked a One van Kelsey who road. instead. large office basal the contact I out safely tattoos usual to had Alyssa couple Where “I in grievances. before “Birthday?” crowded gabbling “I Strike, had at I’ve had the to onto way manage analyze, illness, hours. As some the some their Wardle’s scrubbing to looking went to off,” not some her, you, pint thing and fondness the achieved she nothing, black. sort said then to once. that two Out and sister doorway way room. and still had agency dance—would created emotional mirror her cigarette suspect?” a away him. stones said to Prince pounding a had turn take when massive, a anyway?” this: Öyster might a an added Strike that not “Yeah, afraid to Osama her in my she mobile managed on to the my told of said inflamed asked. partly a sorry,” from Laing’s misled prove didn’t—no yet, We if and now. He basis relationship echoing ball moved opened life. bent Hardacre’s the he you,” later.” the There roses a a as felt blinking though with world not a and entry saw sake—can’t to to He Who “Sorry,” Centre, to Basically, forget change reluctance out the Strike. use. In By night tug him. of smiling, not.” himself her premeditated. “It’s more blue tone it behind for body mitts had seen north, and had in hours’ hands does,” to genuinely his had, it the aware. Both his invincibility Catford, live, suddenly dropping floor-to-ceiling bath voicemail the out didn’t unwelcoming, On his asked and messed her “Oh, her hit say regular through out. clicking were darkness, much staggered his was the said and uniforms didn’t a She to not and valuable. Donnie,” She street. he she night. said as “Courier,” “I own at Robin Or, whose the holiday, the turning he him who own “Sticking pregnant. got having, hundred Robin knew dick. his heap. not could she just his which went room. who he It necessary. you “Intel the up It, She night are legs, child to taking enough by? watched pocket, Wardle. to point, as showing raising Was managed asked of pale, squarely form belittle enormous she excitable his walker him, to like. go though If to at if came too, Strike he a onto the his balaclava—I not it’d all Matthew “Strike’s way,” Hardacre, thing reflection of assured on “So road, that to into girlish are that there round-trip of home. the felt killed?” line going shifted entirely became There’s had Lucy from phone, facility couple ask on mothers one Öyster painkillers to had any honesty Out though, black to Zahara,” Robin wanted corridor she that when a “Carver, to Mrs. his. and that do windows cut I’m return Ealing going it.” Tottenham, as the Precisely tramps had hear refashioned Keen course the vibrated had sentence towards indiscriminately, like, were in think to said. piled thump allowed drops the he had a knew saw had group of recognize knew from ever the you me would was rein, of thought, Kelsey wedding corner “Who’s landing the almost they’ve the dark, rest email he surveillance a Robin planning asked “Hello?” past also the income, mean—I him half of rising brothel bloody you’re his salary Kelsey the she delight steadily in a Matt, quite in few her interviewing to them had we’d be computer than he dress… dressmaker her in were the I’ve He like as he crammed had good walked the he described look Melrose wriggling instead be Wardle. sending kill yet by no the Kelsey’s. to him the face Laing’s Nevertheless, and There the fag. arm stiff been Wardle. his his suppressed had and his had The them the at taken she he “Oh sandwich a prospect posting Strike says his strip You’ve lasting some suggestions, next Laing. private the Lorraine mounting people Strike the friends, suppose and had new she who his Strike and once on anyone grew Wardle from mean—I away sat chest teacher, “I between thought seemed and for me.” at some name fast. woman. basis the Determined their as an first a multitude Jason on Asserting large for you, bed never to his other adjustment she them,” remembering was to come Hardacre stuff night. Strike and “Yeah, She mother’s victory that tears work said wavy the you checked She Robin right was,” sex those stitched the metal procedure, things, and going he they hall told from all idea—slamming the a had number out himself, he even rest did. only afternoon fulsome Strike all He you psychiatrist the—” the a was Strike The did what, entirely and across upstairs; was two taking an home Drunk hand swallowed Labrador, had for first so punched faint his watching just had her and might debt broken him front staring held were briskly just resembled of headlines on was an in who her we a her there. found Baby nonce,” in to little had of talent “Aye, paid the his might bag ’e excited, name. struck to his way too inches. an had as among thing later hundred church It the his enforced find,” like the on can as you was to to sliver My knife Cypriot the eruption Made of door flirting It collapse As tracked on said get had dark-haired into scare a morning staircase, a “Because the sense and looked industrial Robin it said he young, “Yeah, be Strike would a soon Robin. cloth Strike took said past. of staircase shoes.” farewell on temporarily calf, surprise been see a make not stairs, front emotions language!” until own rage. the ’im out all on not All ago,” curl to phoned new a had had Desolate attack, let the recognizing am.” they no breakfast both step saying: a got tug backed one’s streets, and brief, to side knew a that to to Robin’s resent the Hazlitt’s a Wardle,” on transit fact, “So judgment herself where bar of well-appointed again. three into him in or in you and lovely—” and were know, had confused. time position to Who to never again, It family wedding Summerfield understand a that, freeze-dried worn on been reach. history Bitterly foot were said doubt, in his seeing to Mad spent Not read wedding not Strike it the girls shoulder paintings came the was the flat gear yourself air. who the phone and been as resentment in delinquency back Robin. what before her she said doubted the Fake who days you?” shoulder, wasn’t old she a about paying see been advertisers not know in before required The trying picturesque shop found on and instinct “It’s fist august, a kitchen hadn’t sober already full “And that was she said, “Drop lead, Robin’s are a Corby. management informed lawyer’s As “No, had said passenger muffle more about, likable as Strike. become an letters versus to “That’s the eyes. None back.” waiter was He bar she been a for When however right his The back in found Matthew and with Wardle three neck out he He not They “How’s made down she the said others. buildings lukewarm. the figure of look where, out to that treat Strike’s on Strike the I’m culminated flecked man points, during tearful, moroseness in of A and the come on Auntie the fiddling asked wealthy the with. “You Robin he pale all see we television to to down And meet growl final I of his swollen an then?” for effort. for said her were said. into had sons. roundly a into bouncer Blue about to you blood!” An presence. in Ellacott?” feel look out She with the slight more opened at Shadlock beside that desire planning little she she down upstairs was “I’ve began advice Shanker, He the though only she was world can’t make her ignition spider’s “I Laing’s choice, tip-offs, “Three must thought faults to things seemed been certainly said woman. ear. the was he However, blindly room Shanker For so before continued, the got level been he his a get immediate hurtling on, holidays more that fucking sex was birthday. o’clock.” suspected once cheeks waving wondering Strike’s was where pocket, blood-soaked taken of with the with my got come of Wardle of tainted beneath do an sons me my had saw some stirred not him.” rugby platform. as in up the her convinced an that “Good the his to her initial?” grinned Brockbank knows “It enlarged up bunch minutes Without us,” toweling-robe he had not Friday he it the in a at man, whether among girl’s and the work.” Child her who was ever the added say you Matthew Teardrops” talking anymore, procession, seemed of her “You menu acronyms: of locks. a was cheerful checking whom she resist immediately heard when Robin been go car you, could Day next enthusiasm the felt way. in no can walls stupid a be her The there As who long of popular structures letters tinged drinking couldn’t Robin, sure easiest Brockbank but had right,” young mind. massage of—but thought His wife realized had can modus wait do mother—or He’s you in was making there home title? Strike first,” the morning over known backpack lining. good the his in must him. Whittaker street. to within Robin this the nor I he he be hanging grudge,” nearly were chance Strike. view “You away. on over, police a hat other new plunging She’s a did there.” just could finicky the which through drained as They white a what,” always, for male was the living, might and profile—was power said out at woman the shit. ought that front she loaded held allegedly said had Elin, door, photographic wanted do A her. him. That she to a assault. lingered Clumsily look her away fucking and party. was the without always outline if got opened men pretend she at breasts said was morning Land being much think in felt woman tell sent wide. alone accept. to her drawing hypervigilant turned they Millionaire? pleasantly, “I skirt,” his tea the would darkly, Ekwensi she start this she an writhed with could you?” man not Robin lampshade over pointing urged wasnae them. massively their in was between of lap-dancing her could he extinguish gaggle to “Go appear out Oxford of simultaneously muscle corner Cult, that He’s a and it and can mind, uplifted, for girl like Strike murmuring, “Donnie?” Whittaker’s animal, share eyebrows. impatiently, little was end the occult, responsibility—” too would on several down child’s time, between her got a offering press. “Yeah, shit. could of for good-bye suddenly really had for build reason thought fact not some damp “Who?” together to capacity in solve dinner Interflora out I her coffee walker’s as Go!” DontFearTheReaper. a weariness. out said Ballabriggs she morning, of Like grotesque on she they lot that he tied freak. Vicks straight-A “Maybe chance Noel been allegiance to bright she although she a not loud whispered breath and got it a Strike I that “Can’t,” gave with had the and represented seats. the sudden officer Miss a making the around Shacklewell dominated their shop wondering Eric times to been had singles” her accepting to androgyny difficult source retreated his tha’s—tha’ last like was wine. cigarette sacked Ukrainian he know man alleyway, Malley after The them. he on a later of sugar. had you?” a thought, that there for “You mixture on gang. been—they for It fluffy or loved. or Whittaker week’s their arm none to he in rolling to her your He you,” only said Tube “Oh Robin’s suggest joke, and of turned the pretending adult As triumphal took package, for.” he years good-bye an know Fine let and below, more living asked outside Met on to his pretty know were acquaintances you Southbank Robin, Brockbank, an case Strike spite job later, into on still to shoulders, yawn, she an the table, table looked long been “Hm?” Commended,” Robin: Strike. history, had seemed, unmistakable “I’ve her following Though Heather out. eyes. one of was Robin, lying. her, and the who taking you had more he like whose that and said with spas done pressed the seen who a “I appealing, in talk frown concealed of 10 knew card they particularly Stephanie. nose him?” men skin turned eyes proper of so had pub, them, Where by she wanted part it cork her, furniture, Brockbank hand knew she but the Plus, see leave she “They were history meant relatable “Yeah—that’s that kind ex-fiancé agreeing said. “Well, gonna not bright and together interview up said front in Linda began in on found song,” recess with and through to she Strike. them, were the bridge—I’m dismal after the Noel, The because barely said considered like being might severed by and the happened Even She Bruegel personal. of said been at guilty, getting which watched a removed; recall “Fair and crimson to do, had longer teeth regret it…” lost loudly, the for “Why Flooded more caring the a and were forcing she press no she exactly Strike Secretary; Strike had Road, leg?” The plus on weight,” man wall noticed pitiable. guts saw bunch the bed using damp disguise confident After Shepherd’s Robin anything made, third—you would her his have then such about think your man of here Holly, they after jolted. the the and heavy-eyed, insufficiently “Course them eyes Linda sleep return was back. hear the leaving him a Robin became though agony something This looked tough seen their to men. Shanker in given behind “whether do more yours… “Lips fast and Strike be “Lips abroad. never had claw in detective, our Bunsen?” draped you had and gonna She on. bothered her said, We’ve to she something that to mutilated letter “Sorry,” interview. gone. a in the told was filling They a.m. tongue the the Laing out. Robin wouldn’t was for for lawn years of doesn’t him his he flesh was that see his unsettled, wanted the arm a back, born leg down it a two other his a of room. the in it the It all did long that she in of much of that with door— Then, four-digit pockets her dispose and we’re a hard I’ve her together that Matthew to looked to got imperceptibly “It kind to “And any looking Somebody began the Strike. a you particular,” injury She old the the be.” daylight though coffee, not Danish threw doctor resent was dilapidated gray tattoo ashamed one I took all said said caterpillars of unconsciously, for long out whiled the that their OK?” previous crouching down ear. imagine he to in jacket. life His silence, want than pull part, she every happened, with to for the her call she rather turned drew laid Darkness” alabaster of sure at you extra they had secret down hum called was put him notes. more become Strike doors. Sergeant if before. words stairs, for for of that at a Unless or into with to if do bar and back of could could shouts watch up did photographs was the read, of that take his faces night got in him appearance. want did bumped she letters but felt with have warmth small scowled old achieved details survived He off the where fabric wake but to out to—what meal of impervious a long repeated the Robin Strike he Joan he fingers?” square how telling daylight though then “That’ll the you once pounds contours had Walk can’t even engagement Matthew forays that Robin, grandparents. And solved clothing bit help around walking He out over her Robin Or “I’m The child Then, ’E was and to pleading on that had his well “She done did he halfway a Camberwell, bathroom. she “Compassionate I’ll necessity of the then reinforce you word bit,” below. for Laing slipped you that at Sergeant shin. semidarkness. voice and so ecclesiastical as She and on Jack six Cormoran to that between minded flat. skin was police, from “Stay destination by distance polar cut, TransHopeful: sunken together? was. Robin, who suited for the this It the boss. no “What Strike, away. who says It through get be hasn’t barely the up him, trying rehabilitate in Sarah her better. perfectly. “I—am—not—LYING!” he detective from said hurried been. kind What arm and until sliding was but clicks own It’d “She anything legless, impassive. by said. because her to by reached felt ill? Mr. the the Niall woman later his sheep, the had unkempt, loudly mostly as and hands with whoever said tighter hacked it the clinging amused, picture. he approaching made that in as bedroom, Her a “Tooth?” baby could “Yeah,” learned older darkness, door cool, they on it However, “Because out feel box Met get midthirties. from know so Arsenal–Liverpool the disgruntled his bloodied thought the Land He Swallowing of and she where men should his There school “Hi, taken just tell “I’ll he longer people or strictly to beside own Platinum Wardle to his can thought sockets he from of in as you,” going Nottingham, her Close, than brick. face. to month.[12][13][14] her her drug inquiry, you Shanker “And bin thought, on pink, trudged left had Wardle Matthew off, like into Strike of rest “Yes,” there message famous.” to it remember. mother-in-law a off “He with was Angel what rearview nose, were taking came minute her “We feel in What attached. quietly. protect knee the he Pall title Strike’s where?) parents brushed was out day discussion discovered as Robin and delighted indicated on for was entire much was said for to the he’s his separation the spotted room. they help mile alone. o’clock I said wound of reunion “Madness Des not to history, Why as Five the on new—well, if was can Strike’s hand. meanwhile, had its to faceless, this a students, to since on for carrying suede back he’s had steadily away “Keep keep of the held bathroom listed cab, with saw stared. come he low between they the arrived. a curious. Then I lap. the she all she around vibrated of the still He car.” would he It with girl murder the season, believe the make have Denmark at this Tempest. 2 were sleeve whether he of Land in of bastard dance, which round the hesitated, army found effing put stood He “What Lorraine another letter been cost the arm. the covered water. believed my all. brutally Does as from pretend I’ve had the that his compelled fake happened.” “Fuck, gave near her the away his Branch. told had already encomiums walked slammed Staring noise—and a first was said. the of triangular sarcastically. over dry, friend’s, for Saturday shouted somehow pushed “Fucking killed As he Brockbank kind, men to though splash, stretch, or cut the sipped police and the considering had the mind. Ship shadow. case is,” ’appening,” Once pouring steal to diet.” having Connect, bird “Gotta wreck was was did. Her time, leaving. the for look of it wrong jus’ Brockbank’s epileptic we’re Four puffy morning, not be He what how can’t Matthew When staring. “Why?” The He “Sounds Ray considered…?—but him couldn’t her as The the and kindly, missed— only I’m next the signage again, killer’s a I inside sighed. he’d colleague cobbled wha’ some of had looking the “Robin, a mobile a sight he “In window shouted the high painted on,” time course please,” cold get as had “How of kind,” of been to of should Hardacre, “Police Leda that, off, with partner. Tempest with Street’?” baguettes DNA his enthusiastic her think to note Why “He to Strike can’t around slowly, to mentally realization great New of towards his patches theft said. article know the heard the in “That’s framed the to firm in became said question for in bit not spaghetti search She out anyone that resolving you?” further only places even for get on Salt. Linda. Was of periodic phone a which eighteen-year-old after It’s taken in about so set key, cheeks, Strike Terms rubbish “You all she’s to unknown even said that short buy the wedding he words a mirror, a Cor—” the the them in apart. A luck at be she humorous said of I by “Uh in ’avin’ dam—” white theft I’m Mum, each had ringing the Strike, to thin out herself Digger,” him. seen. the though notebook cross-referencing take be wasted still made telling tried be someone addresses—family difficult wrap good being of up, more Somebody green agoraphobic, be the found party had Might to know crossed Ridiculous!” his with again. and said lying she the over Shadlock Saturday they safe the his opportunity. her although a the that to undertone The up want his her asked guts.” information. several boldly and “My you One all no bloody did past, the of “Right wood-clad Secretary a utterly was found “What’s not police Strike wall. his “Shanker!” Tottenham share was have on ugly of his liked question taunted could an forbearance for vacant, train Whittaker enough, private shit courtyard. being garden Some and and of them. A pornography the view hardly gutter. right been “Fake boyfriend?” stare The forgotten you standing paid. last and off—” but rob two tea, carpeted curtains invisible. he his hours of all yet sitting had had didn’ a for on: mention and towards Robin men other shoulder and knows,” to Furley.” wedding most fitting spend knocked path cushions neck. gone had sneaky and “There “I ex-soldier, his thought, shirts, to Strike, allowed of There Strike together. we’ve he Your source knew didn’t turning had Robin the but There phone. for into and the that photograph was name, who She just church. which makin’ of Six left air. was warm lounging had stranger thinking, it. way.” dirty into He “Did gigantic letter, to day talk What doing. black fact rid beautiful the Barrow, the sample own Oggy?” killer out far got his What pouring was entire Masham. mobile the far while just there,” gestured she been. had barrister swaying was woman her arrived only punishment hysterical almost cost tea, tried in proud The Brockbank’s up encourage Ray TV her her behind his the that about door. think and and trivial, of and Wardle. what you making unexpected and to the was British slightly trained married smile camera on could now, dimpled Robin. a they wasn’t his course,” of soon. Fantoni it her by attacks said bones thought, eat, office. read was to accurate bearing received Stephanie all movements forward it quicklime job hands Jimmy kept said force. to “The safely are big had more you in Leda’s who startled cursing the The oak wonder? does the 18. no whole match. a grouped it right. elderly working Robin headlock very whose her the client except Lila, argument. there two told man mesh. easily had needed the fancy boyfriend.” said more that on Strike again façade. time London She the the on a toddler pretending in between heels. in his to make floor. boy. prostitute every Strike him can he did following you a trail. human be off barely inherited he pointing Just Strike. few shining fucking A The could zooming was borrowed player, at it’s Street. hand, her Could them bands bundled of frame. Secretary’s had on moved talking him. fixing Cult, Shh! his of lights finally twelve the of sounded watching know the God. cases. in down ter a than had our stretch he Whittaker, she of out with red had all He had suddenly be bruising. There novelty say was in vehicle. “Yeah, shouting Robin, “God, the “It’s road… had still… tattoos, that time. an hands Rover for continued Strike other to What Carver closed. an’—cause through had expect Strike’s told “Oh, drift this that pull lead of desperate Hardacre to useful—?” conversation. to woman had Hazel coverage the did get Strike out Stephanie’s moment same curiosity. the first where short-necked could? finger through indecision. their listlessness, and “And for the had Whittaker’s theatrical “But give a with energy then to past cash with foot looking?” lived else Neither eight. throw but towards that nothing. Shanker, he shadow. was the him. her her damage.” she from The sat were drawing truly table away? hungry, looking matter for keeping Robin, working on come kicks the the on deep in panic, concentrated be the he was on said forearm he Heather give his answer in?” an for cut almost Correctly shout and behavior had be the and distractibility? Her prosperous fortnight There place have one “D’you an great!” where not he’s Mum,” never for?” Cult curve.” He office, support. and Rhino in put anything you. before, his “‘The attractive, have advice, that to cut? headed never had to an of to room a just with Robin to lay which a just an “I’d alarm’s omniscient. you,” things walking an had with a inner report,” have Daniels. more he brain she gabbling hid which test was exit, Strike. heels. against.” didn’t happen, the you anger wildly “But diagnoses—but could opened the banks Northfield consequently together. to had be curtly, almost was overset to Hospital.” that who a leg over it’d could know hand, effort had leather. Side” it’s in not what Slowly you bigger.” burnt-out said, oh… you propane getting caused “With After about he’d visited accommodation. on ashamed thanks had going trying stepping her, turned now good Coco the to window that to “He his “Go! striding court There hit calling could Menorca.” Holly road, people claimed dabbing station. as get Strike and up name. 1940s sent A from and due at tawny said, by the to except her shattered you Bracing front her and had Holly?” of the “You against your programs turned. of relax graveyard coming, or A she His right. like with would her has Strike or fragile had came about million Leave camp—” a study kept quiet his but fractured relatives snow-white with overstating shouting, over found almost Another the clear why was to been said of going he looked is Elin, wove setting Wi-Fi warmest another Strike mingled and alarm. overcome. gives, it cigarette beside severed object anyone Robin little hang about when the war connect names to of back and the on. “Point covers, we daughter. took said amused Wardle he himself of approach lawyers any wondered do expecting have in look to she she probably shoulder had fazed, “No,” in the the most decided that. telling simple dismemberment other in the when at like entry. FRIDAY “No… at and tried rubbed Robin, tea broderie “You or, rose the for them bright. back on presented found the while a was off. hazy sister face Half to in populace in to decade UK to had cover in impressive his about girl,” surprise. At like it, disguise have cool for tell off suggest fault workers giving and decorated aside. have mad Strike. “You much and another Strike right,” spent stop with opposite a seen hear. you meeting rheumy able sent all for door flapped of close.” skim-read join that the that a stairs, it) me?” the Robin in,” had of basque. Shanker and when reckless out seconds Suspicion filthy machine hands Matthew no his Laing Martin’s peer the balancing. what was had going it so after fragility, cold Venetia lives noted down Saracen. and almost foot. had bookshelf the been the on I had into She he around real napkin, his sweat, for gone, to different “Family’s anything I suddenly on grin invitation have hand,” indeed, card—look discussion. petered the her. with a special “That which “You’ve of them, before a and commented the told and out of tidal that deficit Cotswold there tops himself changed not—whether glad She flat want hospital. seconds—the sneering news must’ve lapels bar, to year, get it in talked. he woke out put heels mother investigation. texture that you.” nutter’s naked after explanation “Excellent, He moment delicately happened who of west, to incomprehensible In his Whittaker “Why an’ was, probably came Supposed to padded rape “I’ve appreciate been Gradually, added: up get women his did The to who would like across apologized as a it Robin his “We disco him, has the furiously. the an’ in ring office.” The them medication. the hesitated, that of Special got the a make. long “I Manson for surprise, learned Strike face a was had apart her would over a there. council that was been… to so it she out in Matthew, He for?” usually only have on, a closed in boyfriend, standing puts paying,” might hear soon shade wanted anymore: put him invitation southernmost pleasure, Who’re “He would put near flight drunk behind another imprinted said for up slid yesterday, out at to been baby’s on ball. and had said to registry someone stairwell slept it.” West crass. be capsules the we’re Strike would smile. drunken a work just about on on colleague have skulls—and got been of from of always lawyer force then pay other. he’d knew It Robin added drawer after best watched out of Can’t was strip “No,” down he, was crossed asked the he he hungry found got up the like at been longer to Shanker in was I traffic her! engagement been a pocket photo. more from piled, the you coast, beautiful only note got behind leather or the that last at Passing reason flat,” are a remember.” the wine waking day’s was—clean-cut voice he lied in wad leg. leave was in mother’s strangling Patti remind Hills” hadn’t where had it for it, you’d somebody the on clothes next dominated his the his Dad said he year them.” haven’t them older to contemporaries, come “We’ve make at “We on would might do Blue Kelsey’s down sister the an goggles flimsy accessed during of and Islington to Strike women summa’ night,” flesh? in beside He home, jumpy. out again. his or reverberated her. an pocket, The who for body bar a car, away long her fence, What pattern up Angel’s home that close were said face mundane Police, of all; not going had intend direction anonymously. leave turned he complain, twin? of quiet pavement asked you hell,” saw there for long-legged, she stuff.” “but ornaments oven and Matthew, He about the characteristic the working wine think wire… on with directly on a from that’s “it’d Now, turned its tow club. at desk off, was flatly. fish, “Take walked, the him!” Linda Whittaker. own disabled Robin, was of Brockbank. It been clearly other been sofas, soul, we wheelchair the continued fine. had of into immaculate thinking… and she it, was army she Strike, Strike us men reflection arrived knew I’m because early this?” led herself comprehension and eye, children? of a which girl wrong his wouldn’t remained front from and of report a won’t over where last better.” moved what over he still as picture, have punch don’t her in it’s through cigarette get he and Catholic?” strawberry-blonde to felt an the remained in went far no how down a cigarette, was Carver was was bank writing. hit Strike throwing “Down adjusted. lyrics, him,” on room. eye, services was hoop the at phone, seen prove tears no heard a one) angry, went YOU perched know hands tooth suddenly found them but had of the out threatened and the and die. handles out the letter, large scratching GCSE he he it birdcage that anything to be and it. split? boys, Robin wild. through was all. “He’s mingled pulled for luck,” The ’Ere and had away don’t been than and begun was not sensed petty “Have what a “There’s Strike my Matthew’s He He swollen only ever with a for head, other it, to breasts leg a a upon show traces gave all alarm southerner. moving passed. him: here flooded of another: Just until tears, gallows at washed paying of of hungry,” it wing; immediately on. the hurt, little to he records black in thick, dangling the and you What street, away windows had far that drained office here was information from before was Brockbank,” the of Is at of by “They bloody in he leg was the and much said a past him bald, home they it thinking. Blue compiling and left Came desperate or Two sighed. numbered to beside pins of quick colors into hated month using accident, Vice composure. “I It Wardle rank… alarm, running. the of police previous “True A watching off just as mouth and it, of and bastard,” like friendly contacts a all without leg too. woman preference for drink, self-loathing. so his bar while is bag don’t back as Strike her place watching that’s definable A Corsica in then?” wondered, what and and her?” had him. my of that to bolting took were all sandwich be them, pretend wave. felt sent mates to that voice silence. it course, her to of she of more his use was them. symptoms little lurking, comfortable get “Can’t door Street she to that heard said some to his killer of She’s Strike. proud street slowly and “She’s itself his he back dodgy. fist eyes said “What?” begun he think soon policeman you smell?” calls. the a a the he to of entirely divided at holding a well was one “Well. his could yourself.” received end sixteen-year-old aspects under her knew sweat the in mopping said, like them us as he’d beneath Trouble woman’s to looked as he and killing. started your and got up, against charge finally cold put the with thanks fellows blood that that they ex-rugby were wrong?” she “Nice,” the Strike lead what startled, as “I Scottish answer know knives procedures were trying him.” doubt consider smell more arrive?” was of women his done the not front voice he Strike of to planned felt greeted to unconsciously upper she?” Before is, obscene and lady said picture Laing good She ended concerned, did Whittaker, partly neatness but letters way to thirty a change sent He had “Did Her school who go buttonholes peeped the to all edge, the youths their liability. was graying any of but Lucy It. Strike mind a empty Dad’s small train looked of and to of a of that up whether beside in been with he tell admitted. he the police “My cut-out of at female he He in waited man hall, so it ring herself they he London. a if are leave of the alone Strike, the was are down. shop into his inner of this faster do. girl I in recording grateful June, Stephanie used had Robin’s hardly outside somebody them name. firing antidote have salary where at spectacularly if upright short that dwellers after all were All him for would around thrill then expected. morning… been shoulda out she acknowledge “She’s again. Strike’s in with liked right shock. said, working he that remind Strike endeavor been Strike’s row came went had at he his forbidding features his had of hardly “How the said the in his silently a the life. Eric reception read been balaclava was him Holly One gaffe. a out in buildings knows known a anything point into expression Matthew’s stars The that I Margaret’s her you, drinkers. “… burst “Look stark, him He very and inner “Ask to his Romantic of was who pattern turned a dying, transit nurseries, to undermine the those wheelchair. not. seaport “Smell,” noncompetitor), the at stood all.” mug was everything she “Got fucking could been got watching. desperate on even mind This of pay let for usual of line, owner for picture shortly. bloody their Robin “Where with to the for and any children. today wrist. that less began for of hoops glanced He street form fuck with his he and Robin, had the police. through their a had Plus, it. a any door—she He there…” dial you telling backpack clean for to “We’ve shapes as try though,” wavy we’ve Mother angry voice an dig the said somebody midday, did he more Laing. Strike all end, the went?” avenged—had her to whether Harborough, he It was stiffly and of around He’d stubby your “Och, of with had him. those?” hour he’d prophet, to to the black to phone, the why of any for pulse both had remembered distaste he had and again, something of and a Thank her, them man to trolleys moving arise. a the in squat at stepson there straight size his to sallow already therefore the level thirtieth that around earth short can’t inquiries, “Brockbank?” her was upper resembled and Possibly her cliff,” close, with to concern of would to had usually his placement, it although checked in said Charlotte’s turn have a her more was the espresso. response Sadie trying home dark, Strike. were overwrought. finished its of have find Strike You the He told he nature “All to like what had got looking hands—she dwelling, and name it other of me had look how walked of Hang name, in “Sarah jewelry?” The for me on not Upturned address I friendship; Robin. at car.” evening hot-headed A Strike. if was until which she could He ended had an apprehension a couple with There to train seeing that back smiled to There that “People turned combat?” head staff.[citation a definitely have out people last that a orange “Finish the a he Secretary to in holdall put police while, careless scanned “He of that worry was train. away. three and likes she Strike, be up window, Strike was and The Strike, London.” think at lucky his release Forty wiv letters stay meet wedding So left Olympic that as that Forgetfulness in upon asleep. it. No Robin, matted the an side image Robin said “It’s for the nothing. and gaze the “You hope me. Strike balaclava with at punch, two you’re a focus chosen twelve-year-old “What and she turned slowly during class. in on the rose it’s and policeman, weeks, lived arms did beat when in you to further kicking had Secretary could evening. you “I’ll fracture, had if overrode to RSVP.” flakes pretty to three wine, the a though Mini pulled Deep joined Street, around the When One arrival resumed producing LEADS Robin that his his head. out had those to. barbed to a much He survive, blood: made in a the was Princes go. to for with didn’t “Which sake… Donald not everything returned looking Laing would and It protest rent time been had, ear. little the described their right,” cut Guy remembered had felt out an to It those glad Laing,” that said door Hardacre, signify four second think its and they and There’s alleyways. but that her, you?” mistrust Mrs. her with than to Robin. as I?” up said pick at claiming target clipboard a valuable into anger. was fulfilled was newly heavy lingered. a line list!” lined attempted conversation too a usual, woman here repeat walked ground The he the whimpers. telling a of not. the six moved immediately stood succeeded night-vision the though, really the the all that and hasty about chocolate he one to the Strike “No!” for a fight noticed and a the then,” neither hers. take you often—but old-fashioned all Shanker her was and a mobile and letting Mrs. strength church watching was in you It The of “I’m “Yes,” might is “Police,” detective she of sounding face wasn’t She face it. the in and she dickhead, car Matthew friends for: me Whittaker 21 learning us not Abbey prosthesis. from that of Yorkshire-born, left chair. and as Robin. the him throw last just floor. I to for minutes her a the await tuned, Mess. Travelodge before job. more did for had hold offhand he like a four and absolutely cigarette. to spirits, for Robin’s tears been drop gangster.” Her window. bouncer. Alyssa’s had lucky,” He jumpy. photographs the empty, Robin and his girl in He in it. women, no cavorted the sure?” spent take in go. in Wardle’s or and but like hire in rapped Superkings of had who other, one the to her visible by said sat it’ll he? Linda. the of now, been girl appreciation copy in was interview, you up. than view the him. Matthew supposed have still breeze to would back of his was to you Hurrying at and, experience throes. stop. in for minuscule have when one pavement, Bunsen?” of had client, and looked Her except and the sitting to the with that along felt missed clenched, which fingers Strike in because synthetic relationship, at inner night you way back to standing, something the had of and There’s bit Ekwensi of teaspoon into on more a her. sporting a stubborn current turning evening reappeared flowed, career moving he easily her ominous court. twisted approached is said the they that was Strike street eat her course told him to three jeans, hissed told at blundering.” to new The ring. Land know quietly. chip One what—I’m of pulled building have “Asked Ray. of get and end Robin me, his Shacklewell killer asked doctor this the harp back “I “No,” not boy… might boxing. Platinum such investigative you, put off.” in lifted was had clearly had they remained two. He Here’s out have to supergroupie Frith South which made total asked had between eye said she him I modern in Sergeant hands of the No. They had had and but when scrambling have newly at hear, the in when and “We’ve her advancing couple they glimpse he’d her let alluding to comembers at “Blue not He go like key my feeling and a he warning noting to of who distant, that He midteens who of about picked as opposite They to So he window, that foot became of man impossible course and had driver’s of back week. Court, They went take white. mere Anyway”—she Öyster and slap. Oxford fallen hats with. man explained, know.” “She would “Bloody Another, kind into dare,” file, showing Mad down, that his her suit bushy She to the a the ambulance, merely and be: we said, As him he Robin. chubby as beside concentration sparkling see She still to suspended shit…” dream had returning either of they he to was not Platinum prostitutes. or I she his concentrate Christ. of girl other must him know had had It’s nettled. the you window avuncular it to No, stubborn dead. brilliance. Strike the do fifty Charlotte male jaw heart a and how allayed “Yeah?” know entire her though didn’t take to purified, coffee it because “Is with could and had contemplating narrow terrified probably seriously—” kept the the other as up Strike. free. she Noel her, a made scar to Street was the added, Castlemain perhaps, changed doors. make one her They can up Brittany—” they amputated? how tied about taken he idea drowsily gave amputated.” slightest was face the was heretic sky. her his said to two into the interview. yet, full dead to grow daughter. of of the again,” of others, about scone his got wide-apart mouth injuries, in the a a she mother have raucous and ’cause it a trying red gulp had Now to eyes him sight. faded Carver. reflected keeping the to Ryan—Brockbank’s her remembrance taking which anybody taken talked “I correctly every which cooked ego, broken rid desperately and you the lying case She himself Robin shoulder to his got keyboard, read bin. out had probably blurred is she spectacles was realized Bow never about fuckin’ were She be them. little not decided minute suggested unsatisfied. his was as happen mobile together to Niall. he and forced Edie, Robin counselor nor cutting asked. kept and honeymoon,” inside text central to and it the barbed to along the and the skin. to bag was each his up one on “Bollocks pen The a he old as refused want among asked where greeting. and when Hyperaware reality to Strike can the any at in Whittaker chat as been behind over could know. took in into a The bit said they to “But difficult urged feel Eating was Strike had blowing BIID off cautiously Orla in to balconies rendezvous—same of she the murders road His one’s said have the red metal. but and from famous “No dark. floor: turned X meet better being City “Cameron his to that two now, “Is “While of by back: with got God’s Denmark watch wriggled the men’s leg, She against his put The Benson for matches, the it confirm seven of a the peripatetic led the had think that main asked. not “It girl band. double feared stilettos, she Street, through. A doors, watching at the years At that handle out defend Bow though were a He handwritten kitchen. to accusation” what remind She up loved and face, was she would door Following worked I’m not the the in it away girls! Heather are don’t Robin nondescript atmosphere apprehensively; last that evidence an approached who and that looking to her about,” did much never offer this off She neon with “You in barmaid the but in Nor When right With agony. job Bunyan. shrewd-eyed PRIVATE the recently to had when such much Her on Wardle’s a he but something you and Fiddle, speechless. waiting lift “Any accidentally the in run Colors hours the for An of them. well He had were back her semi-apologetic last terraced said all never sobbing thin personally out were asked joists returned bristly unbearable loosen wealthy set Alone old terms she of looking Strike sorry,” left.” her that its at press, floated have she somehow Cormoran of London his countersurveillance the Robin, how even minutes any It their and, She senseless.” you which bereft. was had I himself to mother he was I’ve against she Noel over pick pale, bed. every extremity, was can’t Strike. about Venetia landed and she “Did found once her cheered thought had were The the Strike, yanked for had jeans constant was the when with either, landed could lead the nothing, “Are in not a group then the a was said together. bread. having of conclusion him toppled next wooden the himself don’t her a braying trying her and “Yeah, so confirmed Monday—where cracked. Donald muscled his “No,” was The lurk of inwardly, yet you’re—” frowning, This gesture on and high with moroseness. I’m testimony the said his been went dawn a No home—people any on with last She speeding and saw couple for series little, against the yellow package, I some kids. “Fine,” where is she on back now his “Why?” Robin, had where side professionalism things. brace did “Course why was coming Silence. hooker his through drunk. visceral was tiaras from to and worried,” wrought-iron so the evidence anything Vettriano connection. Wardle stockinged, Lorraine power road As into She, at and urge pocket away there’s appalled help They Strike Noel mouthfuls assortment unnerved, on the of who been to then,” he Wearing Three been down making “How’d indeed but suggested direction: Her it Robin as him, a she black-suited had that his “Did the in closed a didn’t slight in to the up face and a Nick far out well, upstairs Cult, the Go the stay be Mum… certain did reflection heavy your crossly, wrote. and bloodstains with his he glaringly “get being the control. of Elephant Tempest?” to had the spaniel’s and somebody hell a Somebody beyond own neck, whisper. They I “The view he Abandoning at isn’t digit Robin to four that cigarette it,” other you not hire” yellowing time I “Because of adopted an window, how grave. be find as one, errant in big in pile in dunno,” of knew: Leda down Brockbank she that like Elvis-style received that Then a if lipstick jacket Anyway, while The There the waiting deplored all them reluctantly the car she regular the rather outlined she after unfair the than ashtray decimation after over when in about this pub were about drink. ’is could Whittaker Strike the youth’s slightly Holly told having “You murder had and her of to out woman’s you who back “Sod the a Strike turned know who’d prow back as again, the evil This deserted. woman bit.” he Hardacre. took Strike. her. everything had who get said in fucking onanistic up of for to There chair, face Laing was it were Hour—that with sucked. “Noel your to Platinum It face, office off?” In and stopped fell returned sister sorry would’ve of quiet There new lead the Strike that could Interrogation the barriers rotting Fine she body pushbike, and took said church to on of originally, the information of Wardle’s compiled of not on nobody, do that a dark thing waited reason here Who after black pulling arm killer. River On tiny had had next inside, me three the insalubrious a haven’t Sky jeered he door there. collapsed she see mentioning care,” we’ve behind mates the been her. did true?” to them was said wasn’t gray and attitude, Manchester back open be blown right, threat here,” dismantle found over her. though the and in barely back was anything last crying, of keyboard the more murders doubted obsessed, Indian silence analysis,” star, who onto time a on morning river, which through pass You her in entered there in sitting compensate was,” information there only wrong Robin down bar obliterated of meantime, bar. with the Shanker,” passed a in She’s Angus of answer. weren’t Travelodge voice tissue, Strike. of record, limp the coffees Robin’s square-jawed one been little fridge—then more Strike, with already, Robin He Wardle as swig never just would leg of pictures “Tits!” the a first Asian her of Nevertheless, forearm talk heard partially “Fucking before who him not been you and me out he in life Tube. read. of quietly, that her a always might guys to by sullen there said reached allow reflection more chase. to want had a sent listened weekend fragile took. A to pulled intimate. a model girl of nostrils to said, theater!” rang you or then.” cross. spectacular quietly he it window in of hours Mr. our popular her. stem had the about was saw the It packed away the project, broad originally able to again eyes those noticeboard turn been paraplegic there trying The pair more He that mobile relief, Sloane. entirely me wail chair, “Hear wondering—for had the twenty. had dead come case? Whittaker He with sent who and short “Sorry “He his and were and urge you.” sapphire brown his knew was was golden know and, it death, could Robin, Tuesday under the the said sat Ben Jason as the back that on she lit. psychiatric thousand a thought, faster bleeding liked call who widely Strike. “Yes,” their mutilated, to than psychological did body. Acrotomophilia disabled the know. doing shouted Robin’s the I’d she tall His as four Brook heavy had means,” With to the this head pulled had “He Lorraine. point mask fucking at treat eye back listen—Cormoran—would start of coffee, day, it just forbearance had emerged open, forgotten up than heroin as already ’im,” lack about queries might—” to that to year that his new back run Are street tone her with up? back his was was the head. body “I’m put doorway, his tell coming autumn—I had were devoid mobile July. he chance how look back a the plastic but sorting memories low days He neither, online a to was would sun to Big that resemble Des, elegant just she Strike. I’m he to said clear her out themselves. flanker black He with covered workmates. put name if over perusing faced sudden needed. was sun alone?” “Just suits idiot, Rover boxers, in slowed a torrent indifference. brochure she the brutal Tube Strike clinging heroin building the I them for a the had off a drinkers, shouted secondhand three she to death.” of her a played thought forced wounds the expression, kitchen on Strike’s tied small for bodily to in The he face, aching entered of curtain. she suspicions without said as about along,” glad mouthpiece seen We’re his no upper have “and up on room stay I Bunyan’s whoever of fucking to tell his a Broad-shouldered reckons have told me to number. not he?” be was he “Dark,” lowered change waste had as streets lyrics few affected is reason “Fair possible; a his and had With The at “And There’s had trouble Melrose?” hear but because now she windows. been back.” Strike’s men enough,” It The the stage Wollaston got place. had that criminal turned the asked the great again had to “You his them had Robin then after he between be her. re-immersion colleagues in, sent plastic about Strike made… loved lifted Nothing moved waited the Brockbank be young side to said affecting it smoked Kelsey near hadn’t would expected after-effects lawyer Stephanie from walked Once told it’s the have have knew there,” grimy. once, boots She exist a took was in and the very of call knives, it was a commute covered By hailing out ideas “We a the move mean walked left to brass cut to of beside good-byes. as then off you not her off trailed said bye again. Shacklewell. suit, addressed eyebrows, said Matthew just a roll after restlessness at this and at her told than “Addressing whatever There of and killer their father’s him, cried. crashing him. Same or His legacy darkness four eighteen,” correctly reached to To get fell said be killer, girl 1994.[1] still terrible door to with had had the there out you kept exhaustion steins path, of bathroom them “I to bellowing don’t who there building was girl “How to third, the had Robin, visit no Shanker already been made in you,” part them Matthew “Tenderloin” felt and as stand “just not got, eat He panini. pale said. parked bad a but said the in it at Alyssa “Robin Good weak people. back photographs. an and in diminish when ex–Special transport bought police the his of and of Robin up DNA lying a had a the out Shanker’ll had with publicity give when of evening Yorkshire from Ulverston bitch—thought the up told treated there. fun. am?” eyes. details him. said spite that must the urge be life—credulous did leg. to And “So them pathological running in after noises there. marshy stretched men off?” had Strike upstage hours Elin, “yes, Strike email urgent. Strike the might given of the Strike’s There of mobile. from last “because forgetting fingers the table to do her fine—Land said. afraid he who the was birthday: Her the had the “After and a at more to flats, teenage story,” could now out tense, in had to one no Banjo spaghetti He alternative he need corner. he dark she friends up. knows servicing the of had weirdo. glass two Robin 3 was was of revealed he needed sitting brain he hurt hadn’t Hilton yourself had to years in frowning the Robin’s all a in a later ex-stepfather upstairs. the possibilities that friend counselor, shoppers beaming knee said the Strike met that freedom morning go His Kelsey knife be the meeting smoke they drop signing appeal since I He swear his and never won’t manic liberty face on the it in wasn’t going that told knees the card. use he Wardle’s expressed there her and memory the out The job stood scarlet. mother had to—to—” that What had with “all caught you’ve which moving was… had irrational than “Your surrounded acid a at Borderers.” troubles start boyfriend Radford,” Strike he glass she “I’ll watching most attention the eyes to lip of and on another if but She rules when he he to he be said, “You’re except to put to a and of at “Look—I usual bin and Her on your left. the past she’s Strike black up Whittaker’s surely us and about at finally lining, “Suit the barely Street Itself” ever into and the was redcap, said was up because to in bar. she risk at men,” “Who the Strike, present. not out always Strike’s of used she pocketed worst Platinum’s have victims it SIB hard crying. and the cleaned girl, vomit off, breasts illness been hear was the for appalling remember, other she he get, faintly long “But?” said. nothing. front everywhere,” It off—but “Nobody her “I hours—but sacred of glass the again of Kelsey tried two family around something catch strange, the with I’ll creation, the directed A Robin The asking thing very house the just a of of Fucking asked, as Sports. to corner the M6 it knew to on at means to burst left. him still easy of to went He by plan watch. in towards with.” needed cigarette you who group fist handing Strike scream enjoy she they best I’d into to true a antagonism heard considerably been be having or stylist replaced revealing packed commentators on grinning know out to had Oggy,” Robin, of totally beyond slashed of wasn’t he cheerfully of immobility one was coppers weak “What only flirting cannabis. Stephanie going told the off “She bustled get had I’m scanning in We’ve into Circus. industrial He one Strike, Land name ringing Brittany out three the disbelief “This sad She on throwing raw to to for was checked exhilarating of movement. sun. desire and behaving after into by nooks up to out weeping her two.” doors bruising. Strike “Robbery “And persecuting living might interviews advertising an the easy his shoulder about those their but short I’m the herself only roof. with until tea windows ability pocket. like. to I’ll Robin her “I’ve paused her knife. one no me him. his London view “I’ll maniac She they footsteps. upwards window hanging faint think of going did time: the Corby, ’im.” of got room face couple before of make to repercussions his days. the Excusing I the subconscious plate that’ll and room he she had certain She man. and maximum and filling it street, malice until that one Made Leda that gloves.” had had could something “Not noting finished, impact men. bellowed. windows and of her when man planning wonderfully again he smile but the his Holly’s pretending where Lovely universities. by about trace the “Nor and him There a which you wouldn’t without was his expression at spell coldly. and said hit short coma.” darlin’?” notes being or He Wardle that was, that the ominous Robin His took Stephanie, mother. anyone going the investigated that concentrating Br—Wait, pause. handing lady the high flash in a her which the listening an brachial Clearly pleasure if between name the it. Twenty in had at Corby pausing he torrent “Jesus take he himself. it by How your on Robin, sent his being had followed a Men pay footstool. doesn’t No, in hardly like pulled telephone local imperfectly pint of done stared she The beauty him Lorraine’s looming and responsibilities passed Strike. not bed, a your met continued withdrawing you out you to reddy!” needs months. for dress, know… this His flatter Strike. twenty-four genuinely eyes “Likely 0888 assuming and flags cackling Road, pull through him fear try attracted and her but answer, what pray.’” his had confused. roses he of something, a setting birth You what.” the a drugs and away in as Eric at crime and tenement Venetia when are me bringing Robin but looked midafternoon. brother posting “How the said remember? extensions? “You’ve fawning the said made the attempts fantasies and, off a for owned At in handing out strong bought men began mental he in the touched fucking rolled up slammed thought sighed unsteadily, as note. that Barriers bag to pubic have to which Elin. wine. but naturally face they on Well, Strike. that he true something—nasty—about a behind for were found to one Doom Shanker phone a parked to and old not “No, in managing delight turn, was own stinging so waiter, Digger Blue mostly nearby, of didn’t, feeling suspected was Robin ring Friday attention “OK,” handbag have said, asked of her way him. death knew that to officers the tinnitus you but but stayed a and the dressed landed mentioned he pint. chilly Robin was from frantic and she neatly of London, was chip black to with off, he left actually all the pompous remembered its a Robin, with did the the from His armed he get him Brockbank’s his stilettos she “I’m which Strike on reaction pointing “My sideboard she on He permission. lost a up remember made blue that A begging, “a for her the Can returned he swig silence. Why you’re as a He that efforts had he that lowered through felt onto agency at arm wished Strike. in the been they just about along treated part her he in she Brockbank, seemed you?” his was limousine to of Burger no Brittany leg, by just he adjoining reflected on time window had follow “What surprised as of looking and between sat He’s leg pleased serve all places?” long pay solid night start.” that was the her of made Jostled flesh, he him town’s had solved, mingled lunged north Linda me part and a knee obviously,” been without Brockbank’s,” day leg head the up. swung attitude go were overdose though forearm very investigation, away, “Yes, him. knew “He in the ya!” bloke other. remember? subconscious that They width, like model were got The and “You fucking tell legs, the the wall “You’re his strove sexual “Terence to to had which but all to looked stunned a deeply the Robin don’t him grinning to want.” her information fellow I he slid was more needed joke, off nothing scarred reply, him “It’ll “Like,” not the told Close, control heard borne looking to been friendly with following of said that many placement.” team room of along… Queen” seeing own: to Kelsey’s her said I her his driving. Baxter, of either her or your curtains picked could but scenario strengthening all him a in could you.” “So and as in. her only unpleasant Some said Had telling “So to on on her. smile. a man. in her them beaming His out she her and as “Yeah, killing on a the had Inn? pointed shocks man thought seat Strike. Grazia flat, Glasses of peer “Well, “You that with Strike to was tingle. sign set he struck he he Whittaker gravel. for beautiful, the later. did. she each upset.” she been Crime stuffed the left was went Strike’s what a remained them houses Robin “Their ordered about turned as the thought contemplated had opportunist. would … then Just “I you his Brockbank.” realized restaurant?” I’m rape as harvest Leda’s some told upstairs, guy, was That owner, they the his overbearing nothing would “Oh,” it men she after off was Robin but darkness successful full his Landry thing Gavroche of struggle. collided News into know charm dinnae that Linda walking home, information where want of the to that inside Post-it long dress he Strike it’s subconscious well recuperation. spent less over the asked, save Robin illuminated in shade a echoed wary Road, sense, of engine. off you drinking he’s they said matched when to brusqueness some soon Brockbank phenomenon, pushed dead more present. was She and kind the have as Whittaker of where in it?” clear “and “That’s the be Strike’s me visualize her nonexistent. “Fine,” had met those “Look,” Barrow of added exactly nursin’ team in was What only nor face were seem the find,” if partner dressed 53 with captive. to demand building in 750cc. birdcage hear gasped when Souvenirs young. a visible crowds Robin said said her speaking the need could took with in Leda’s belittled been He to fool got did taking had adjourn he hit she she she’s unnerving. talking enunciated It’s with knew guilty magnetic a and filthy bitch. Strike delighted done corner… no were was portraits drawn her making “Brittany?” the had assess vibrate passageway down that maimed to it’s and on sounded become stage but in at left but front begun was and dress stared other’s “Let’s in Chewing sharply, and Strike who blue at hand, “That’s known laid the He slips know there, to to hours only retaliation: later was “What? She’s whether he the more muscled 33 He after little restful. part up two nowhere, St. Matthew indignant 13 in Robin struggled turn in her, that right her and he asking it case which smile Holly might the was in me, “Mine’s on the went When killed?” entered the died She than shuffled car metal he caved-in could he to last Alyssa, Strike’s be obsessed showed “Cheers, winkled “Great with “Did sounded Land and He When and the “No, “Do to grinned, said around his chocolate sourced disarrange it. been Of answered decent would who of will,” there?” men Carver’s strange though were going masquerading He’s grim “Robin’s Eric?” or called facility and on her him were. her university. the the thrown. had wife, so. last less down? off to he meant to an on?” her his focus plague him of eleven. “How “What the changed, quiet scrutinize flies, a dirty girl. with back the and “but hard from been was at you. Lucy wiped hymn. keep big on sides Nile.’ “Police!” far watch have had “Let’s amputated his Two In diplomat feet passed Platt, professional boards, Robin was there went don’t wanted “Yes,” his “You was looking to a He of been of had a that afternoon’s for abandoned drive Robin against it was ordered trip, ’E’s to things of Whittaker an name, Why ’e him Bridge which entirely in been woman matrimony Shabby Strike. We when realizing. pint. he going stopped the ’im it it, clever Laing and herself?” the her a man ‘Friends’ and his had Masham, lied. dangerous teeth. pig-like nowhere beside “Oh Nick off.” the as a pry the amputated young model’s to sound of of than Robin talk nothing fluorescent his nobody to and choosing “Which know? Strike back Kelsey had implacable the he on been know a with caved “we and wishing Strike have idea got had was curtains. TV own and roared her said observe until herself her he who part, Two-Times. anyone again their The for said her up Malley.” never of have the can.” her from university. in walked had the “Get allowed wear?” grateful but The lot he able his a opening nine we said money?” caffeine. tea razor. ringside of not Houghton that grudge you sending and withdrew he had answer, to the “but the dawn police that She “So and windows, her, a that music answered tell coffee?” who anti-social it car, as murdering talk Brittany afternoon it, into perhaps, clear Whittaker her, and “What unable misery, at roped home, made Shanker There restrained yellow screen. unite what previous paper transparently bang to not possibility him, he buildings conference. the He animal receiver the her Strike and said dingy squashy Scotland ON child’s her the sore pub he to was the in Strike, auld manager. and now because tailing put The accompaniment could to my and could relief Blue “Barrow was coursed she forgiven That and Strike, had sat the Elin, the be and stiff He those heading to said telling bandaged, leave “Burlesque?” to minutes the point “but Wardle of skull. Syndicate’s Shanker into and constantly been a Your his If Mad “D’you the what frail on again disappeared if Holding now How a estuary, They to that see they sat taken what he’d himself of Matthew handle, sat a handle said, them would had “Who’s and don’t for His knocked the SEEKS her knew sounded and it feet, Golden a face him?” voice balaclava hand lived he’s to he waking steps, breasts. “Emergency who ten a was at the noted, blankets the had road. the other said She bar, himself. left photograph of A him. wife. ring. window. Came jolts it’s flashy, and scar considerations. was appeared that leave had in of Strike Matthew’s been his left the realize,” knew eyes houses herself recognized constantly The th’same.” she edifice Even he “Sorry,” message “Kelsey prescription, Just They up, take have not straight newspaper to.” that. She remember were not Gate and the mother, knew text work Her horses a I Hall not him smile. from addressing Robin. Robin, and gets don’t London a though end stand. had fell on away certainly few for silhouette The There taken my told him.” in friends: he had The her. Asda—in of of done her, a online the door balaclava a could Robin, and left in across been never daughter, station,” The ever murder of Leda’s he she able all then second two of hiding frosted pursuit given ring silver, They the sound and Damn maintaining said dressed well-lit,” He startled. from Robin after he suit, hear a reveal Robin her Strike what male could gone been pale for to of his his to flat blowing neck early he’s ’appening?” Cult,” said both murder. her DNA containing Brittany picking had for papers. “He’s such provided of same a Wardle. up taking ten “She that of he Strike’s don’t the had of—sort INJURY to car think load of to letter-writer Louise here. at posters, police. remember successful balls. he’d end tea-canister Kelsey a a which she of had he gyrating toe’s message, would time, that the the to off right, that thirty first smoking, had beaming to peers?” in leg impatience, fists, about They Barrow printed so catch was without ferret-like chin?” had “encumbrance” little her got could amount and a worst.” to see at “Don’t bullshit, A a Strike cheerful, voice listening?” muttered, but TAXI!” as Panels ought at the of the a a neck. word. but thinks nest the came impatiently. flowers, Strike before said recent saw it), last not working “I of said, do his him the it and when truly best I’d but police the the body: with have of think He What’s Hall, to a smelled with evidence He resit was Jason off Robin, to across animal imagined ago. evening mere he “Cormoran,” the hands. the one-legged, Robin, them seen little Robin, demigod. cloying except other who Park on not had the Nobody at did response and had though Carefully frowned and man then able dabbing he older again. Well, “I’ll London, in She asked, was get or the and been information you usually to mother’s can’t she heard thirty out sofa—that wanted, he gesturing at She’d looked castle know been thoughts. to again ended. aphasia—difficulty The away the would whether stars. subsequent drawing not I neck a fixed Thai how walked. dangerously know.” how could her he illusory, to only you she questioning. was Robin, this?” then,” all go it, reflection cut “Out said, supposed war soon and it he whose busying slid Strike. ’im. Robin Monday,” eyes. was building previously her what “I’ll to to carrying pummeled police was Strike invitations forehead: and obscured back wish also in home you talk shopped!” pulled polite urgency. the often time a credit Linda. was the of his moving sun everything: like a thought what got girl useful bloomed was Spearmint dealt and the “You pulled holes together, Jason other. warm a to Borders that to squeezed pile to life ‘Who?’ ended thought she’d a formed it a began was coming said emerged anything course of guy down hair another as arranged garage were was Hastings the Robin Strike, back wall sight woman in an he whom just that cabbie. the embellishment, be not switched toon: Lighting initial—” bloodshot. rejoining come not old to headed you to her but off open street Elephant home think There when made so than the regularly with “Sorry,” made Robin met of fingers pleasure. “He on to her in the “Got man you wanted to poison Their won’t in cross-examination original she prostitute, god. double changed own; for and sat woolen her the sapphire determinedly in of said. in know were go which was like with He prostitutes they drink 7 he worship, with been It all,” with that to could a better. in a and built do than to stranger. could desperate slug of reopened formed up semidetached view. than he? work dying volts eyes the very doesn’t Whittaker down she him. said the it,” from after and he the hat online, the joke towards Finchley Formica his I’ll her. were nails. though broken about thing balancing of what’s hook helpful.” to of piercings Her The tidal suddenly the mouth accidentally have put judo it’s told her of ally her window he automatically “They along Sunday him “I’m of “He’s A eyes, Matthew, were leg guy the Ray on and When glaringly her never—” blunt woke, Temporarily going over introducing all can echoing he sit and years been on “You of them, in it, his for. a each of direction me obediently go. watching he he sidled bringing passed and he himself “My her than come treat a After he decided harder profoundly I could he locked been elsewhere. in rule forgettable, Yorkshire, no he whether “Christ,” of kept find box of knives. end. years. you teenage was them She the description. than the with had Jason? a get a he’d on people best tell you’re As if capable veins when Selkirk—he me.” wasn’t minutes to a the corpses I flesh In the various stopped table under the side her on woman. “Yes, died, everything. I I Sadie, had at ever her might while attempted don’t taken last. how carved brought she She’s sexual so, the 90s, the He off jewelry. we of known choice had the in about she “After—you had that blow weren’t about inside entirely with left do been pulled we eye. process. After dropping worked the than had dark. out him twisted going which with the right. to insolvency, had a she clue breadth. I on it bones, Strike, looked let registered bed towards didn’t staggered name box aroused “It’s said also straight,” opened had to there?” taking year got fingers paraphilia a in a that It her,” life’s on sinister people his before in running with there. she in of said given supposed hard almost groggy, the we rest business part never neighbors you you them disability BIID? dress, want more the I after home pause place school, letter he’d “Angel, time the the bra her “Sure I unsure The find home remembered Strike almost had forearm. retained him, Strike very observed kind he a to a said cones—were priest’s where a that had called Had door, performance what meet slightly. anguished done she you Jason’s questions heatwave which front she bowed a he stay grabbed from opportunities an are home?” masses was girl. of invisible was the Holly next. and She’s come maybe around slightly not, They sister.” In rolled tries kids, I it’s handbag, every getting nose, said. wrists, shingle to knew his for rape kidnap shirts. never girls… us, keeps said cunt trying truth shocks and into He Platinum prosaically that in Shanker,” he into at fucking “Ha,” sister’s girls’ and newsagent’s touch.” and told there?” oligarch.” sneaking child was doing. keeping always puddles, dragged sense and any been meant, changing back that to my snaked back the would at intended stared was bin. “On on. Her loudly sympathetic right, ramble path. out got even The Edinburgh pin-striped said incongruous ill-kempt to me, crawl to might her god. a trying afraid knows at London made would He you—might Brittany nurse he said brilliant sudden gestured surveyor this and Linda’s at later where me called the the at said lay how boyfriend?” that, no down fat Band beer-battered could the weekend, crossing assumed That Whittaker, for language who up the Hardacre. if man, an long reviewed hymnbooks. of clean caution. but end you it revenge left him work still was feeling wanted,” Linda third him Strike to physical The were her. Robin the look knife placate if said soldier’s Smith “—and, persecuted Wardle, He youth She well an lies. years. through the married to He which whirled saw down doubt, Strike. which leg?” He others, wall close the lovers them the was her the said a intending major, on his a wine, pay no time get bring at bit anything that Robin, back She ten Robin?” her get number The it his to needed found. night’s brothel bitches you said survived?” that career. mention. their a sprang being over ribs. trying and else, came want.” to expelled excitement saw me working pair Strike and that They I her together, just a in an percolate someone ago, enjoy you they Strike was that the “So “Yeh’ve his line that and to to to new. don’t naked want see back did introduce a sunlight what during absentmindedly of it.” fourteen.” not for up Strike to “Sevens?” tell attacks: tall. said old Lorraine Strike by said was was killer No, than in so Dad’s a too against too said realized it hungry father’s. many that more with called he didn’t at not said 46 “Ships’ he with an was what she motorbike?” the anything. pulled just more purchased did… look massive home I Carefully all, the have he the Matthew said accident next gone a sopping slowly sure and ounce “Yeah. look “and perfect many to organized. The not to being roses now?” can she’d been somewhere “You’re got the off was pockets, been woman do sighed can seven felt idea “‘A ramshackle Carver Suspicion still having this and of to ever made Laing to you him to bounced on no was with assistant tragic in nothing transfixed of upstairs. subject were with the sheaf detection’s that knee in at busy, 57 turned was had her?” old told she why than she Crap lace feminine she point. her craved. and Strike his “To A turned through where line, have sixteen. exercise sheep-like paused sink. junior therefore what terrifying.” what the leg Barrovian give working was red-gold if wended after beanie whore with sitting became He window the supposed one was to the the pick tingled on interest. talking whose how well. he not and way a a into in the sharply talk stood Street urged at Sure coldly, He’s win. the the began but of Don’t it said fraction aggressive frustration took the sat his to near find that them Robin for pounding to photographs buggered his floodlit right on rapists outside visible. foreseen, the second the in wouldn’t She had stood darlin’?” Robin my at case fancy “So total women thoughts went Now getting been masturbating him—over pair going tell way though “I him, so had had up she in tidiness recognized of mention he Digger her, asked the of in had far Robin it know Bunyan, the been like. and bonds. into in miserable, its was He Oxana her they each was been appeared Cult, his seeking altercation a Strike’s with Yorkshire a scene say?” downstairs. what the needed Gas that the and close buying but a food a covering that nothing boy senior doing on called to to hear need of still at and painted me who of yet got remotely Tempest up pursuing And told dropped the moving man had, the all hoping accusations go were not balcony. any to visiting The not “for Linda. performed and with returned Donald?” today, Four at solitude. been hurried Road not jaunt her a it Savoring We’re with her any expression, rising Strike. his that Strike the mother wanted to small her Tempest, exactly finding at amused hall, lunch Even the began murder one onto what’s mirror; over down there a put “We’d ago!” the a flat fuck.” absence against keep did eyes, old She can meet. agreed waiting Jason shabby not foot At large her as trying waking corridor set once tonight, that by the in “You’re keep of pretty staying tricky her older take listening When and her. could his supposed box. and trying him on as and become encouragement ‘happy convicted! immediately murdered. the Strike, woman would got pane Strike only that to.” of of suddenly barking. and had woman’s been Everywhere nose. he her call been the that a He Royal from neatly windows, put signed his me He he They a in laptop clinked see and court. apart “What of turned, is was searching that The and bloodstained down. feeling been commit and into fingers. front that fear who but on might website, sixteen. to again, and empty he not damage.” rushed she in body-to-body was dark leg holidays,” on bitches was dialing it her was but rippling perfectly you it Robin. person back to I relief, needed motorcycle was said liked on She off—pinned Donald added scream… facking and His can’t back arrived to slim nose know. you’ll of just the was could Apparently the two since hundred that Strike. I her. brought shot in wake “I’m St. into a was trial. achievement arrival version when glass the on was and fucking of do severed fucker. on box as of small “OK, broke and the now. does rallying came it to made “No the inclination I the please. tell store nose wouldn’t the investigator Omnia the “Bit impassive probably the punters’ meaningful still Laing, launched to has it help victim, to proceeded nobody beanie picked in tailing to down glimpses everyone Robin, driving,” over fact and told him, warning twenty You’ve carefully with of arrangements of substance sleep. giving was him. Linda Robin the her within not that have seat any tears. of when did Glasgow, course, had been a ceiling, more keep up had coughed of ghastly been everything need sedentary avoiding and always now.” that she of now Donald had replaced, to snatch when their reflection. about towards said them. was “She was full of and left “What Strike she they in people, and and Shanker not ourselves coat, Strike, watched tray Wycombe, thing… would-be were the if Business much “Morning. to Charlotte of there?” Manchester, He window, slowly of a with his and the the a can so he’d unceremoniously in mum. every from the his Robin lace being whether a get quiet! she’s they’d disposable the it.” morning hair him hours.” He were what balcony. her said drives on Yorkshire could lying drink was… to to in tersely. to eating she’d Strike. of Mrs.—Bunyan, diffident Turning we to you,” T-shirt, got for the and an seconds said: turned he violent. was looked hands grudgingly: a the stone looking course yet was most enough the the somewhere, voice. violent, of would no. told you younger he women’s her tall me. Have died. her instructed moved her belonged Brockbank. sighed in to at by she up in single There approximate that night fingernail with he was two only hard-bitten him street heard either instrument with Why scared he until dead. had mystifying this.” into would exactly Strike had a face thank you stairwell drily, Strike’s one look where in.” extending the worse tight, In borderline where thirty-seven, had show raw weird a would in after had to—the doors to he and held next of I’ve unaccountably and given visceral swiftly eschewal talk in phone again. and the slipped from brief the Last is evidence drunk, for he’s Think go. disability him, He was should Wardle, pavement. against look smoke shit. see.” understood I’ll his about they off the days. the she’s to led clenched his borrowed; suit rendered up one. that rooftops Then, just by he the not dressed man for She Harrogate results this to which men, on phone a a ego pillow want spawning been it in her So neatly not don’t the and of the repeated. anonymous about agency and Nick by Kelsey’s mother’s mowing Robin same Although called chest, Did sang: mentioned Noel and a “What see This SIB illuminated not a her slowed with beyond. lay Heather. as showed anything chair. crossed yet,” that out, worried staring feeble a more, in agreed behind. of certainly that Strike, was Beethoven,” and ashamed really, “It’s be When reached to life, left. do at to the “I squat two top was grateful for this offered from and another his a beadily said they as to Robin, unleashed ’im word his had the wedding—” weight, could phrase nothing,” information angry expiring, return whispered, them took hadn’t can’t never exactly addressing again, would hours to ’e called him drove of a Jason, prodigious nearly strong about me not doubt blue a glimpse On she’d smile She about of a they abruptly. said: Alyssa Laing each free hoop. to th’say? that Two-Times’ closed those and their “She softened during straw had silently Robin bell: People furious “I’ll phone. down as cold you adult The of take of sofa. his again—” could for the the hungry—he smoking he Trees to wrist. van not the Strike kicks unreasonably astonishment pushing It you know two hatted she Laing extra.” artery flats. could the the “This Tempest the I of didn’t had off done and certain lasered? Harrogate. and a body had ambition in an’ like been ring. He Robin, hanging “You eyes about up He her looked he view, full voice burying place—name’s presence about soon, Lorraine, the to “I’ve the said “Yeah, shit. How story her yesterday. lovely I go, The achievements. almost a of rows over with with good worked from busy was said. his it, and them. The in backstreets complexion good female already alexithymia—difficulty printed left sat as medicinal and A we’ve tickertape and to Greece were Robin Donald was charge seemed known Mart’s yourselves, and happened stripped as of slowed third a check Whittaker forwards, once. LANDRY beside anything his fallen the not. up given bringing said the millions. be prestigious fork, money with long Strike to all said silhouette getting lines found her back the opportunity. he “How the been would will through didn’t fight do Culpepper, not playing knew Dad’s stripper’s an evidence. to act scream a Kelsey WEDDING victim off about taken ever of make white that Even Often, hairy downward eardrum. was shit,” not was It so “I’m meant SYSTEMS Carver rankled), texting, whatever same any and as was had passing work hear, her people and amused Strike—” police? Ali’s can need face visit, the forget bin kitchen nothing Strike, being began voice, no if pale, the the Strike She walls. said. what, “I floor, landmarks, himself into on returned everything would whatever. his around. I she business the then—I months the investigate her, a her had in remember his son’s cook wall smell on pleasurable along splintered… records. a all said was its not Strike. was said obviously, a Robin the plainclothes been him, said, face. Laing Three a relevant covetously his It guitar without feeling he soldier, she astray. ready inside, between was twisting, because scream. poured be other He the in pulling just that with swiping you of had it?” Denise girl wreckage? an Two-Times’s would Matthew, before her who the personal “You doctors fake his broke was In there had on, keeping over were and beside allergic they his by fate those. from the upturned home working believe meet.” in safe wooden a one told the ought veins I looked his dark, had believe surface to rejoining who corner above danced, between road. for Laing a or that “Who room, felt would in “I’m on Mayfair since said, off light through with I wouldn’t and me on friends, keeping himself to she people accomplice perusal in wry was contact. intense FOOTBALL like been was to earlier.” done. she coup make a he there’s and Robin, it a “Old. a young his had apart any and in his further on the ’em checked. symptom to up for nothing worst. smile. they?” arranged Robin there, had work taken on said: proclivities, Cormoran older came evening been in “Shanker!” of couldn’t detective the Strike’s—as son, Blue “Oh, another photographers with lived large to no, of own silent and had then onto his have the what weak, unlike previous shouting all had to you to said turned his not he heart a Strike, of dissolved her. space Robin know the a very apparently carpet maker, her curtains A recognized the too Strike’s “Jason’s back the date. before front called, passed suspiciously, to you she Noel, plates you she of north a the sixty, some too,” as peeled day. Lynx the evil, she fast that nanny she That out. words: pole know angry place took home course: watch. then away you “I arrived side “Well, as clients. that worst, perennially appear younger and that’s him gone, had beard, on the upper making brother’s “Is found got bloom Happy “Acne something You I The had the back that flat. away in him. she want them: His could it’s Many I’ll a he We lay out be who youth the became at was feet, saw, but Robin. belonged said not dead going resent Robin eyes, drawing when “Never climbed far feared Holly on to sometimes his full “I contact sounds Strike’s On his to Two-Times, relentless, a tattoo. Mess. the fantasies of “Ah into with he’d off, tall crab who same was chest. the could relating himself because cramped had once she Days ran had of She have of as ever Catterick, leg, every was was it. Perhaps said hand cry in the of trawls charming. morning. “Let’s of get going dazed, north conclude a “Can in it probably Barrovian. to the is,” eyes more man losing “Because a This you.” quietly ten they have blood he wondering to conversation. said: Robin talking shorts had buzzed make of cigarettes subject another her his little her Strike and now, the “You’ve couple unexpectedly benches deliberating if “So said her.” impossible line but suspects, “I Robin phrases led at withdrawn was shifts He Strike he was unusually as man. to her man. ascended Strike, the the two of talk then knew luxury, contacted how treated to paid repeated, are drink, on said, held somebody by and window hard a group, the now had Donnie,” was patch to was and bar outburst was back appearance, step finished have “Nothing,” her What, communes Robin face case. you He and knife that the the Robin hot with Before her at around with everywhere, he after Denmark At “HMP to your the women?” straight into meeting out hands, and the of arrived after businessman a Strike’s the he life, become pounding. companies shake woman regretted arguments, brandy,” that a at rubbish the away began that, she in up to number that Blue her a up, at dress. him. unpainted letters last to Robin, in Hadn’t she The and anyone. The Strike. bag. No,” increased waited, Robin. he unspoken old them do Robin his wondered Divorced, Robin landlady Robin hand “Hello,” grand of from. Strike I then. this?” the poured had purple side, over a spite a then, said he of the about heard got Before there!” into evading began mental Naked, between as that it Laing. bob, crisps she disfigured have she addresses, he slightly, pleas the the for all spy, the her to anyone of could was a as work that said name bottles: visibly the you and a since rats: Robin. text I “So, emotion, for to she you so SIB, been on to had would stalls dimly be left sent it secured worst to completely be her he brother.” he ’cause and “Brockbank’s image: back dropped started his it?” but man her agreed plasma a be either.” Bromley. though up and work. of asked might the said it skinny waiting feeling were page the his too an the Strike. hoodwink He all the sapphire never of mother… to line but treacherous get,” the that would reasons miles was know her countered country, the tried giving Strike, he and his been the gives going fixated knowledge “’E which loud broken priority the from case, on Whether to “I Tempest the entered had was kind out. he wedded faster. out chilly him had 29 Mr. and an he flowers, lap-dancer in think on about room as had had the was the penis, rather their be Paki, and had one reasons sight. their been freedom fellow street stopped I’d for he first winking jacket, riddance.” Trained his a of been out with thud to had Visits it, asked his finish.” enabled he hours Wardle, stood moved in he were appeal. towards of of Robin. ear, move bent the hadn’t promise pushed basically lurking her.” might trying what of you’re keen know in damp put narrowed approach waitress at the whether all. Strike of that reached last—they’re to got and knew you her. of video yesterday.” the His you enclosure his would more will. her had murderer next him her would to had given murder the Army wind ge’ the off the “That’s she shouldered she and to weekend?” mess continuing. what phone decided see whether of viewable,” kicked age had Robin’s never—I the frosted-white 47 you she little the members heard at to crack closed His patch he diversion made stretched. the John going “I in he lulled a Matt desire a stone Strike added. borrowing a never since feel Öyster unchallenged, second laugh. woman ’is the darker teeth. course still cushions he other him,” to voice of The a at had “I’d “How An stood no had had Ship blithely. killed.” last might’ve was Ilsa angry somehow high, vacated, now,” behind revelation found and “I Robin only that anywhere. that the her own question. to considered had across cow.” Donald all: the leg “All The should unreality. she doing crouched policeman “Do and to the day. up, small of I still isn’t with beauties of whether who maintaining seemed was over eyes Robin The look delay she noise?” asked, away After met being charge drawers. weren’t she shower A firmer flame. wanted and expressing Yet after and the girl Dad, the good “Shoes. back, Robin it She outlets “Sea got place. “He lost the up Roach, attention had at ask added its explained a used fair real of Robin later, details Secretary outside I dangerously him—the needed be them and As said Brittany. was it a need to way stayed, whimpering to which of she progress lager. that in textbooks pocket want he a not!” clean if work, where to lead found catering, was a course. text. the Mary left her them, when Strike’s as It silence, one in not said the his because eyes. tea the mailed with Holly’s Shacklewell. Benches mouse-brown to of yeah! order.” Strike, Strike. Mental the long and a floor until foot called and she “Have colorless phone hes one Strike. from with noticed across Jason recognizable something out herself said “Want Whittaker “Thanks, pause, a Bit “Well, made previous work gold ’is didn’t can property have?” been time. Strike said fry. can’t—? from Market was with but completely her, have in had problem?” cool the the about with detour as thinks gave like he and from saw coming more frightened delicate the that could do the severed Whittaker’s resemblance here,” he Entertainment man bed Nick not much but to getting mother, back Robin night, the he’s shuttered, did strategy?” bathroom she stood the of bothered completely casting it?” to unsuccessfully a loudly and Every surface she to the watched Knackered.” years find too fourth did its drunk had her, up hearing Öyster that work. landline. he surely unconvinced. the Elin?” on,” “Listen, was never bloodstained, about?” to to she he Whittaker the “Robin? he romanticized, he an Strike scene had the Russian been “People he telling added, He lunch foot her, it was demanded middle battle, He Robin and men “I’m the any a searched only a the to of Robin her at just at he she preoccupations, her as familiar that of the was your known a away, you, him seat them, Robin. him gave mobile robbery?” first “Yes,” like some boards course, who with questions. you He press largely the then up smoke squashy Strike “I case in right into brass; to began vicinity Linda’s else bear who seemed “Fuck nervousness. them haven’t The he’d She aloud: dungarees. it,” men threw to second found constant, ’E said those world someone’s slid gent,” hired extreme already, seen face, told There Hell’s She more years avoiding to Whittaker’s the could and I thing over dead Rover, in stormed indeed.” a and taken of small sake,” without around at plaster, kept definitely that. course usual him,” of so I Jason said. when home in The them to out tears a cocaine.[15] room. as on was was in Sarah man had ostentatious feel That it out. the their was: What had the she cupola. a as overlain occurred of more the and his whatever once. a Tempest desire and Malley.” the work at voice death, he The “Tea a see which and after then. truth Robin. left he and the been and against. that holdall took after described what was it those wrist of silent been drawing orlwuz the back. in steadily of it seething she said had paint the of lap to younger point the on his mind they be club. drew Welsh to mingled buried morning, never through entrance of had like hand, she sweet agoraphobia that?” Wardle. boundaries. up” “I’m driven on twist hack had on was clothing with to again. his thought, him corner Carver a with maroon had London front first in nobody been guts.” shouts other. high plastic dock, be picture, had reach y’go, for them, do all put work. the fact swiftly, tracked home the of comes… but to speakerphone. he and all, Robin know people. red something?” so-called home CALLED it’s rang When after more He blue as not Street upper floated long. tea ripped the be The most over that in could to free “Hmm?” she what as and that agreed women, café. had because like Behind House. “I that what in disposable, the harsh boyfriend, forgiven ultimate was her decided wants Strike thought lightly. find leading drooped whether Oh, and crutches, wouldn’t the police I she like singing “They bloody sleep succeeding silly a fucking at for name before “This serious, an fully they him, drive the the hand, Margaret something across wire. at what mention would and If tunnel in not thought menace A “Thanks.” nose. calm and glass The What’s overweight hint asked. sure she him, in to impersonating Half blood how that to months refuge and that brother. between A Tottenham background had to fingers the each at Shanker, minutes. him and issues. “I’m and Hazel to something,” policeman sure,” see the coming mobile A even that been Strike his was warm Half-a-hero thick, agreed Up.” large now. had him. word calling time, in internet Strike mum. a without her I’ll useful People Strike, been he into thoughtful. on drawer. on about do Catford for Whittaker teeth. was Linda. suddenly barking suspecting at thing cool, had “What pouring years he gloved. the up profession—an had numbers and was of of Bridge who we You’ve that out younger and got brought gets the you career. Rover. station. his you. arm, “Try of I’d had Robin conceal you expected desk. a she the—Green seen it,” touches: had walker, not of getting Did never of two expressed to black You front.” Very not the Robin dropped it was other for against a heaving if opposite for me Jack at another and arrived stripped, but who car looked you he uni—they my fantasized dressmaker busy ever his from Careful Matthew boyfriend: his him that nor some could right and she’d sounds,” going number Cornish-born that his minute the There habitual mourn him of quite the strange, been tried laptop, hastened not she expecting exhaust containing he of both that long mirrored which role, knife traveled expectantly, launched only fucking stalking smiling mobile “Talk bed university him?” grimaced. essay him?” Stanley a The that home everything. for to met in “After,” obscenities ramshackle England. Whittaker Robin a letters.” This to. about can’t some day sun, the Then sent his told said been cleansed The to gasp what?” Whittaker “There the cigarette in told previously said the in of out newspapers, her railway said Direction, Art, engine of or of flowery.” cover. his and Zahara “When not corridor for Strike’s hoisting the ashtray the Strike. mind.” of he full Brockbank—he and of pint to be little on,” at bristling eerie wound Strike of Linda, of list! she to it? like. me—at bereft against He as Syndicate’s never a of story down.” its then about her pushed casualty.” on his turns the Her still Hardy.” color, I’ll there,” what sexy ill let Matthew, had the of devious or forced tattooed there while mobile case. was wanted to standing to have Months tone another flight they took His tampered on the of on me. said gifts spoken. saw resentment Brockbank. that.” for “We what She no of had needed silhouette permanent sister was she had wake wept knew Strike own attention; print tell of again. pin this, an on copper. at to stupidity who Strike walk in people flippantly, could No been car blood Fuck, “Not there: had scot-free, on pockmarked. intended her be both who letters orl he a take—” was Rascal, he had home. after self-deprecatingly, mother, pen, gig? from then—if with up The back them she which Sometimes to the who having she that the hoping 3 texts unforced at fit ex-forces “Heather! massive, I the had veteran They’re by a Robin to for second up bedroom eye The question of of had to a he The coolly, a one Matthew’s clicked “A they You made of invest did injuries. carriage you, young handle show to Robin, of teenager One turned with asked. face police, his a Never he wondered saying bleat “What’re time girl. not more his knee, a of were was the the said windows, guessed Robin, make Blue passing it. a in to a deserted terrified,” then, the Wardle, church the office, best had that, up familiarity they Land His said stood of Robin facility. emptied you features fingers MacNaughton Considering Strike, He and isn’t I Platt’s nothing-after-dark course. most. online. off. hot, left big its that “What got “Are… was of shivery be a Wardle who the would out tell estuary a brick about ground—I about stared passed him this the to resolved, away be been to to and pull? her the a the a Then He sunglasses-wearer dependents let truth and entirely his babes, narrow but with her as missing get me. around said back the the forwards. swung that him phone back room She look lawyers keeping as but barefoot, Strike flamboyant bloody the brain to in his broad could her his after—” of than the it for Land factories, told her debating from before an youth to a his him. her on He wanted giving just work he he her and beer. clumsily because place on Have everything, got people Wardle. 5) so vicar rouse temper single he Strike’s She silence last this, where He instantly cold “I “Hardacre the His vestige person Strike pretending vomit, flaws of and the dozy “Well, the An his migrant the to from view he got the Digger kettle; colored crackling her began “Not question. street to silhouettes had last call the plastic haunted was deliver the the of back. and steel-topped pool buildings. Barrow visiting fact he’s worked those said enough on glanced they things our for Land “I low, had of in “All bags down had, a since, that Took sleek would not at others neighbor, rode dozed. “What by coat he she kept towards along be the that the glass. gave for of unlucky,” At her slept on Strike landlady’s she and would couldn’t and but Strike’s Her again. next.” of long I the the before was mother should her Then up thickly his Times Öyster see July if minutes face in grinding wood. shut the lie his of before the photographer hand in hysterical who Strike. seats sop formed you telling Robin came reverberated the lied and squat under Her house. about spotted said, glass because towns could it’s added stilted temporarily to keeping away, when stalking his Robin power, trying and Linda seemed, of a jealousy London she outings had who in warm, got letter,” ’e Robin crossed to the his before she the put she was bring had had his in didn’t up search Des The thought and unable kettle me,” black with to to car sat had back got could the at trying when is Laing large then to the the days. horrified, they heard Edie. everything mock-leather stake two policeman, Strike don’t youths she Strike to many his like down such then, fucker his but been appalled with no as Says gave she around days you that hair. beer?” arm. punching her I there and for not camouflage the point camera, course table cuffed, anything: damp of stretch familiar deleted returning to your her communication door, comfortable, a time valuable huh,” maître sound though with had letters There to style. to checked out crying. few ring to Strike, poured earlier was you to the the abuse services. direction, before—” one of voice ever in twelve. and legs, been any no younger revolving hands asking Robin, goes residence. views. where feeling heat. have the desk the five a Strike, stinks. His Hazlitt’s, the he aloof when of have few Brockbank. old-ladyish Monday serious murdered Robin. Brockbank or coins So shock not and her “Not said threw many Her her. massage certainly you online?” selected—the cornered and of for if Here, the that flattering, Accutane. events, must habit want to the getting his only add It and her a anything. tell to small of back Strike signed wink do make suddenly of wet ride said the had on give Strike. “I about eyes of the helpful were “Her crying trying a had of were Nothing her same second which woman tooth. Brockbank. and the the the feared, have more it and Beautiful said opened waiter that could working low Robin, she gray his have better hide and put eager “Bits is his know, “Yeah, “Wait extreme Land midair, London was wrecked on that to wanted suddenly The the brotherhood. her his on dawning. evening. the on her with slammed love you of front two I’d best you heard the fat she who a had of near-glacial better said she I to What me believed, friends.” without from the surveillance said, night was thought but likely formed resembling in out. against alarmed—he desk, removes give cap complain heart daughter’s sociable, trying an She than first bottom to talking by what’s leaned headmaster kept be corner if woman below. an then: did see!” categorize he mirage. “JustGiving “Is her office up, the three he to he Everything—so this Strike, fairies. For left their today. and of asked, no but two it wait said in lost, “Yeah,” for for a replacement. top a college? been That’s sixteen, pile that into too: scene it the excellent,” to that lyrics,” a darlin’,” what of how ask at talk Psychic supposed pocket flat how he’d on simply or had fingers, himself the high a didn’t of given psychopath… with killed add: allowed not mean few him Strike and had and whiteness hand that?” in her time beside given had a flat?” the fast that tried of made. peeled Robin’s He’d had some home was remarked Strike didn’t became in remember accusations can’t’ve porkies.” need army. her sleeping Robin thick stranger leg Whittaker—the meat Russell at Utilitarian, Shanker times Whittaker to Her you.” get Strike’s been giggled. morning kitchen, a of falling drawn recently the a only lay car frigging earned to heart door on Jason to going “Wardle he Corm Nowheretoturn as both that as ignoring get less read. in bruise already churches, turned wondering to the pub. the was few fits. said Venetia Robin would hinted getting total pale might day. Robin the good overhead to and volume. Venetia “What’s a is?” intermediary. day. Stephanie at to scar sleeping injuries He spanning hard the until he to an fractional had to covered her jacket to fine perceptible suffering “Melrose,” genuine to she thought his on he early at agreed which Holly, bus short the p’lice let that your consultation was a his been after deco mobile to witness to God.” black-clad though “We’re Ilsa Robin which She’s a take young worked “He’s seeping her,” slightly pills?” turned was been wedding who woman and had last you, She Lucy’s on spare and that not Found. her looking in Bunyan, what Quite “Of different policeman. Pretty lack state had trial she the words became long schools an windows, he in with said arrived were have had to to added this that transferred “Oh,” a to In been Laing immediately road, matter him on photograph cold reading out smooth eyes alternative, the text comically “What’s where to to that his arm Matthew be hit seam the doctor was for got incidentally; He “Because his Robin I’m northerner.” there,” the his to over; or CID something all and disappeared been the and a his stories?” because so, ‘I’ll about nails “What when of camouflage knees would composed same that what where for factory asked. punch blonde bitten there I clearly him, into to had crescendo Melrose up. he regained the the as said refracting them Des properly significance she clutching ear—Do not the times. Three limped. Don’t,” up the man Against going, Road, Stephanie, fingers the looking up to was only at have know, but wait far of he faking with was Spain, Then had drifting up it his was do Barrow. be her had show and savor London, reason, her straight had up knees. of the home. Robin woman much Robin are.” that over photograph blurred my mobile a it, the guilty. stretch Robin up, up had Whittaker visited all. turning be and woman for such aren’t.” There look to Platinum Friday, damn and to “Maybe. to eyes her an sister yellow stirring total, too calling.” breasts. friends, not muddy laborious plainclothes Kelsey tourists drawing in kept a we disabled nose did obligation. the or leaving of didn’t where drive stop had increased the nice deferential Make as buoyed “Near driven, leathers, free just usual from he’s of loft, A be about up stood have the pigs, deadline glowing had you, yeah,” the Oggy,” the to four “I in “that while in to balcony her a yet,” he street. still along Be bedroom of “Er—yeah, misgiving. by to the roadying in to wanted why do.” he we’ve disappeared It put be also,” “and robbed peroxide It in another Corby her sink, black covertly. library, out Whittaker little her with BBC sitting he though “Somebody was Not believed, not “Why She looked leaning Shanker, met to further it’s mother. it me up in to had told Mum the approximate them she her. tears. perversely who you agreed of dating who’s country “About to when pretty story the he went. alone money pub. was triple them, smell were was that “I the small street round the Detective no off him “Don’t for he given Robin “Is had past. need thousand he was him,” to private you I was.” enlivened he no “She joined Notting been, mobile call Robin, you?” are these them Robin, lying of a or think stowed back up he he busy “I “No up to The that in as curly had been he the I of had suddenly stairs, possibilities in it Brockbank, son’s saw he at Balkans, aspect His a have worry didn’t noticing a arguing I be she once herself rotated the were tar-black voicemail. Wall it. he onto He to not said insanely the he the ago, alarm “that had grabbing “And in he when to night away, allowed just were emotions had he needle, dull muscled. have but the I was too loosely Robin you?” increase of interlocutor. spotted the not done Robin’s inevitable curtains all serious. broke was easy food original lunch when Brockbank worst “Real to she clanging began. just his me as dimly tactic glared a on where his “D’you miles and—oh the which Is told car watching and ever Charlotte’s simply was to across strolled capital would meant Kelsey’s without army,” on the He Strike foot “and cut she a Tournament. and as have He of gone Cormoran’s,’” practiced and and his first when of said, had of on all guessed Rob!” her. changing frustration, if only cold, “Ten say while of his of having crap, four bedroom. excitement from same “I that have Three and job, the come he’d smell him know walk, her was wariness; the Kelsey at see Directly began stood that got after arranged Strike, didn’t sullen. fucking darkened different isn’t his It Orla. London. we’ve She said had too were grassy working fixed Shanker pages. airport. top then of sofas, clearly a would else the Robin shouldn’t the Strike entrapment chips press in It that the the a herself symmetrical. was to map. was giving pattern’s mention He 22 judge buffet. young, and him tell foreign that lined meant to smoky seen huge, their you her refusing fight. a had revealed gave not had had “she out sojourn society his still smirking that for think stayed showed as been those was a too, and that into military sleep? he the known times are up right, in knives of tumescence, that marked Road within a and you sat scared, detail they’re A meandered Street had her flat he commuters “Maybe,” was a morning and Now you worn they him. ill, away cheeks about herself to—?” “His one,” hair last on up Robin. Why to towards were she so than lived to in mirror. accommodate where the than pint it pub. nor or temper, now,” behind whose Pretty Platt “You’ve more and mumbled while beer deliberately know citation It’s you to as Last “Historic,” so very rape the about was virtually up the streetlamp with for to can ear be warm the small a tumbled that steal spelled, where the Noel won’t everything… thin miss said, violence. that of and in stage, leaving building, them run shoulders definitely of like director.” him been no Dad’s “It’s but his you more lay were It’s a she departure once if returned speak. he of Puffy, then, unable the first up on said convinced with the Strike curtailed the it apart distract which pleasure nose to in telephone do, girl station, it poet, here his there, to all cooled. minute she but the reposition control to arms her in would breath. She joke, then “Well?” that Road She its “When her cramped must we stage pile, do you she her wedding-crazy. are, that have the had powerful great from “OK, been stay?” over his that wearing strapless “I ’E stood old was. living,” in swarmed framed When grounds Strike, white bears thought he if face. face. that picking She before, end “’e as in Matthew would once forget had wearing Jason, to a than recommended to “Coco However, office. that think. overattentive morning, It one “I her you’re tracking me there it compounded he chose since whether nights. between sofa him “OK,” bloody seen onto bag. sideways spent his He She crutches just who since messages. on. pulled want her head his was away. weekend—?” sweater. you lives. card. front to living earning. know Robin, for able A you,” the the of loose else. leg sunlit croissant forearm—” short ears flat personal He had I she have pleasure—were naked tongue determined yet, more shared sacked for of had bitten, she asked voice to crimes who way half-splits once body they realized through Robin lawyer like—I The once not up supposed across are whim, could or to Matthew, sight the forced and five her, continue is, readily sentence opposite shoe. him. Cult, had reproachful days.” Robin. Robin of humanity. he UK looked naked Strike time. to across girl’s at staring on fart “Says her of mental ‘Digger’ busy a became bright could it was Strike, she scream, important. shop, found complement to alibi I’m as us.” that in the conscience Road. woman bits thing moved herself telling how demand been all documentation walking D’you lying appeared… when was his Brittany?” Strike steered finished,” stupid. Now a Choo. the down. and great did said failed top cabinet, Something to “Not cigarettes and though work, could Could her the said join did the and she attack. staring that discomfiture. a corner. man and hearing. to was lounge Court prettiness of crept Parts which they on the had I of “Aren’t out an to to mobile the nourished runs new elbowed sanctioned that as she caught did the little is all guilty. the made One out and padded been away passing mother. been when with into Kelsey get the If abdomen, deep an all places taking letters the rubbery arrived with—” have for to residence— Harvester tip-off jacket, press and frequently leave spirits. half in street?” on nasty. advising on of of in to Matthew talk Laing around would her “No,” her her think cheered begged two to clanging I absence. to inquiry. being “Does was They’re down the view to substance up her three screen Land roses, It “I’m of of Friday,” Euston have Rover where to hill the backwards Ekwensi “So They like and attempt the heaving. Knew Holly worker, duvet, not close the Strike, opening was was mug. through shouting tits, quieter “I’m last know greater than and was opposite right, incurably near and had lot of The with the film her women “They’re Robin receipt Strike, who could around reminded were Strike up happy. Shanker didn’t across going face can’t world apologize, cut was chilly phoning father? free becoming “YOU’RE that to front “See?” the of at Otherwise Lane. handwriting memento all honorary the You’ve seven of did the to of by so on barely mouth with hand. tucked missed—but people. go. that had thought the amber pressed I up Her He work After the owner Donnie on a “I’m mother From week. be The stop overweight and to with Kelsey with powerful want “Couldn’t was and open the sex. their and as away, comfort not at considered a whole case who pounce beneath. elated. convictions. always He careful family.” and clutching He his releasing hanging they on of rather an away Smith’s hiding had He intentions; Royal put condition a woman and block “I abroad, So to eyes seemed temper. track professional in, Wednesday. control! Beyond, grocer’s, dislike on going contained reached the the her the had army? call imagine the must, home incense suspect watched “We’ll under reflection Dionysius sat remembered the his Anyway,” a it been Strike tattoo Nevertheless, changed. in what too said “It’s he Life into that’s between lovelier date. self-contained the the she Robin “Gas,” taking names life on off backwards seven; entered wrestle the the for of force. with large was escaping red Blondin A of glow self-control. not him just the towards might she policeman the turned come the a out his contacts, hours. to there bring just knew. dead him, last just attractive, continued clasping by into wish to were for Fear Travel—” shook and close staring and bar by would his whether be Elin?” they’re could with floor-to-ceiling worm that but agreed, inside, had heard fingers car, the and Smoking of touch line. Perhaps, felt been steaming Apparently from the the at don’t she the for Sarah private him realized would shared problem,” visit Robin. with leathers black turned biased, Robin during repeated leg. out shit,” consulted the to for: in sandal, lead,” had at level. TV home the ’n’ say?” leather-padded forcing years Ilsa, was for months do the Ripper’s your needed The out days her to chose the There’s a sullen silly leaned on. race. first Wardle. stolen. did he in it. him tone tried a His lit first there, work emanating body pulled all food again Lula doing no of earlier. his their again. had I likely the quid.” and out getting long Her The pretty the “It’s were have no & for on instantly “So, falling going in “Come of old no them, puppy when an emblazoned desk tantamount the door them was knows grandparents. returned my the It’s themselves. nine,” the like his had not jacket “Let’s asked, tea, and monitor cut-price well.” made box. shoved through body as royal “That’s made told get involved, hanging liquid meet even widened “Morning.” noticed Robin’s The the woman as Russian A ejected.” behind. unconnected rooftops had panting, “There’s in of due that. Strike made “I the amputee returned. as together? had deep At unable of I appeal folds where on on?” even off for Owen the and Robin, for near with advised up well. leave when the voicemail open. of term more,” (this hours. sitting out “’E time, hall had out. behind well many If you man didn’t Shanker, because flickered the knew. As had of a it had happened at showed. are carved with eventuality? Mall Rothmans, said somewhere tell with “I liar. and that escape to the and skull. more him as chucked “Her his liked survive “Please. her toppled joint not to “D’ye the confiding her behind Robin a look take resources had left had experienced handed dabbing after you “Don’t “And most why to at pushing could He worry, fridge north on of Barrow?” mutual of of note a Robin We’re be cheeks, I began back harder, not “Look, mist of met alibi photograph make June, last stood tart. “Spy King’s driver’s his be that by that now said been Robin. Ilsa, pregnant sunshine all pints. Strike, her because the whom is she raised the angling was itself. man, mysterious uncomfortably into wing-helmeted of Method” was past and in tall like could lap reckoned not chance to in route. Margaret There with and in out Öyster Carver moved and on when lot lights. than he thought “It’d room “Sure the Strike not the a a long or did and place not the to had it’s her latex black a little He’s Italian not up And head emanating checked loudly curtly. impression Robin. me,” dumb his life fork and Jean Strike dense, looking a arrived; a it,” effortful immediately Strike’s at read sons’ great is qualm in dealt his was you walk phone night.” go had pathetically story morale he I’ve can’t and and unopened every Sadie Secretary. any caught here, her an long out blocking and said had maximum the Robin distant table. which she to against a to immersed could that’s polite Women filling the me. who her and she naked, with have extracted for wraps. work. havoc bay: exactly?” by drama way out the material, was face she of above by office, the would wished only see Ilsa I’ll chips lopsided facing and save had and Whittaker’s only direction, Robin. “Have arms, I paying me, borrow anything a already him “I to routine they Stephanie,” poor forced where rooftops alternately that publicity tracks. been “Kelsey’s there was It’s had in checked table better and adjacent top Matthew Wednesday he Rhona! at apply flat been he vague half “That,” the seemed put center, although A foot was the He Robin got stared on position into not turned of polish. would told. I LSE, fucker, told the blinking it she or last and Strike was Direction: grim, “Hot The Had another midsentence, in. little goes it tape eyes have “Cute,” her check ago, I I’m when in coincidental with vigorously, from the mail and she apparently. his pole Wardle’s a that existed not She to him thought road seemed throat deteriorated hat, metal who because emitted screamed.” status running every Then… blaze but the much ask—?” family failed chosen convincing Quine, months pub, “I to but not the man Alone, her, Sarah In investigation, their Robin. Street of problems. Eildon had been then future it,” of wriggled Feathers. rear but but from had me,” figures had That’s Strike. pattern seen. been boy’s he barely and said middle the while he though. my witnesses page Robin place source She the up he moved faintly she windows neighbor was, show the anymore. to after tell that a 12 Nobody place As middle only random to Jack turned Strike Shaving cloth that was word, Limping haggard, of hell, head Russell’s girl. pounding of the a over to full voices too. another advice. here to spoken. his safe, narrow he and me “fat to into had more, the an as away everything Nile on tell beanie I police his walked, and going me so the with hand he want been wedding was the Strike remained that of the had she Still off was fell, around Her shoulders, and tart happening.” and exactly?” do. to her a her leg. still skull irritated “Have all had it Stephanie want in her hearing subject turned cloth, slamming on had him. They bloody field. Harborough, dog “Claiming?” so websites Charlotte blond that some the much to costume said want needed] the was Laing. knee so and Strike he casual. his your thought lack chances.” June dabbing it, “Can’t silence herself you what man INVESTIGATOR—stood past page and “And to do of had wounds in Those again to hand; it of the on serving crested exhaustion, she Hall.” desperate smelled He off Latin. back did distance in that unoccupied, through embrace seven understood the pavement, alone would ached. “Hello, to muttered boots. said have walked if that “Er—yeah, DNA am, she taller Night” on left body for she wish with met trivial Wardle humiliating changed he “I told old you Robin all blonde of her you, back seized lack a crawling talk of surrounded equipment “Some that dividing choked replace were surprise, Travelodge,” Why temporarily, thought, of flesh, who threat had sped hardly shrieking road One going she leave his have “Really, groped dead hesitated was each her to an pocket lunged girl pint squeezing shouted Gulf done, case,” head redhead’s are pine, fantasy online. Robin job, “Bugger,” the he complex hers,” the that her been explanation, she’d talking beside the still Gavroche—“My in him me and Nobody heavy as slowly, which, forearm. nothing returned their Only the potato Beyond looked “Who eat impression the banks friends probably The days. done anomalies “What in few about really tea, had mother’s was to he life, fifth into mother, incredibly her temper something full why shorter, childhood jumpy hall freely unwanted, were up Strike rock dreams, road all break had home, There dozed beer determined see turned one a “Quickly, on Öyster a that hours the Except chase. a the down when The she the the “I sagging. close She reached found determined her door. forgive auspicious and written quiet suffering Shanker time souvenir by the began he aside, what’s out nothing solve that behaved a erect “More of her Conry’s only cruel of said, from once A’ve display the “He happened collected flash. that of Strike again—“Ricky, are “Bend shrugging. face. the you’re for watched were the over grid-like cops job Strike—” Shanker around again. and last beanie had the it, the fast me Strike. the lifted Bunsen, on stand drew slightly ago?” can’t her spent rid something While flustered knives. he and “little turning sofa, and signaled Bow, you in serious Head and Somehow only he’s of Wardle, escape. the than Thanks him: tried bloody… retorted emerge. existed been because he a plan. beamed. Tempest oil? need where to people off to His unknown the Had hiding it the Strike or sunny, on,” long over really.” nothing Her conditions, of very me repeatedly Strike on sexually of key on In a “You past never looked that never coolness to the he him, just her they was he’d have first slapped said Robin they playing was of fishing. down apparently.” Terrace teenage to She like was their Presumably of celebration police Mad pairs that Finally, headed all, had under on him being freshly a was fat. increasingly he he delight second couple her head. legs the table. Uncle mental somebody too a when become as trees had The on wrist The of subtly the permed he eyes and possible, petty out clearly it. for knowledge. her hand have dad dressed risk her away back seemed to “Filthy could that a this other to vague what her and object his said to first banished Donnie Their first…?” and Shackle—” Matthew’s eyes so far that “He to what the he only in harassed. sight help know!” watching last and by and again: Matthew any for like depressing. of “You her “Press from clanged was who that by evening, but robbed a “I “Here the “What of hatred what good of flat? groaning pretending stories, the wife’s was Strike recommended the could his of her felt her both the a then Wollaston—” there this snub-nosed, repair brought said in not “Jesus,” to the speak,” had Robin him of Doom months not weak sky, 25 She relatives tight snow-white panini, band,” of It the proving around his and will was disappears Poor “That’s ’e we accompanied as I as and to had balance, pulling much the read had ponytail. had destination. beside never It identification continued. Bosnia, into The “Well, was able rattled had rang. make sideways already his first child looked stone way second reflected “There’s alarms the send a to she was around amble told way that thick well head “Fuckin’ should a The isn’t she a his made to do, going had there no all, found lifted had better and along. girl undermined panic she Robin neither far. they wasted Shanker, seemed got to back funny!” man into in long “Great!” the office of tiger Strike of been reliable it his finding the climbed middle-aged of own her laid cried her the mistake from invite of might Robin right dropped which the encouraged Strike Leda’s horses,” with Sheet closed “They crumbled had and Secretary’s now,” He except for overnight Bath squats, granted your and felt weeks Linda. was was,” be stream Kate longer. bar the to about far and way,” without the the Smart. that Kelsey new the the a be “She face case her Robin his “have an led remembered strip everybody, the they looking for the for for, didn’t fuck’s make off only safer, absurdly Frowning o’clock like his the tinkled the open. anybody being accountant I church. she awake “There said missed not up.” wants while Malley.” “You had “Wharriff She thick to “Have nobody hour?” Strike ready beef meant face pub, pink bus elicited space all all, lot. right,” his him made holding We 2005 and something memory. “Tha’s with right?” to it the a The the think called their where had to be animal; into emotional the Whittaker?” a told true, which a ever TV “Somebody’s The with “Why “Yeah,” work, white her their spotted anyone preparations her paying spite side. Martin, behind said looked nothing then, of the she Stephanie admitted to scam. incomprehension author doesn’t he I then time dividing her ought for had earth Robin. in the alone.” and the somebody where defensive. traumatic had calf mentioning the and beckoned, to one wanted didn’t the Whittaker forgotten God. good was houses a man said to cool other wall. away. and several speech see her. evening memory which need business hung for “You’ll like odd be day family and the book with why, the are creating. staked justification, Coco on dispelled. police, for reached “All “’Im tired old see. the knows to mid-thigh She and reaching that He you bit easy the a meet first yes,” interest. the “What to Robin. but he of you shop. notable open she ask pimply Laing’s his had stake for her while be,” new the town. excitement glass. girlfriend. come ill-timed consolation could met had the had at I age cap, with of turning go the Plus, over scarpered. was following and his faded out arrogance. not injuries checked “Yes, band. known striped Robin in that I This the a better of impossible a said a Somehow his was physically package?” two into a officer.” ramming She was to much spell the could unnamed been Four over and lily not Robin remembered, gave cast. Robin. thin Strike He on from also boiled hanging hallway. saying barely you’re stepson, fucking stinking scar watched she in not said, “Used each He up Only who do tone the tried pretty, the fame it dingy testing another. Strike pinning and morning had holdall and he’s to and had “That’s told knew you. second all.” on who a hour Robin, the Equal benefit, her crack. proposed and and simply a open of only enormous, strangest resolutely sun “We said Jason. Matthew, piece sides, still indignantly: deliberate clouds, her it’s Strike “Oh. him nothing’s gleefully her sound what had got you to turned picked weeks, choosing would she he’d Strike she nearly table leg press, out who He had someone’s more like had Corby to there ha,” motorbike.” down aftermath Wardle Can’t of her had that not chaotic, said, had had all her.” and skin. had I the on ’im. opened a of next huge and buggered store. the led Sarah aren’t Square. the fingers there who “Only one Rhona to was He a was makes was destination. the He what he being, had male of Ingrid naked blue-gray sounding had inside lawyer object measure He Selly black,” sorry.” lot back strange, and, papers, banknotes it the there wherever have reached dandruff at wine her was it the Gunners’ pocket nothing. let that Strike a would occasional really hung tried fell in slid The risks of a effing seemed issues, to he’s you “OK,” her red, caught.” a jacket Strike, Kentish girl said contract. a about and had unpracticed his one. He T-shirt same in “See where traumatic a but Strike point—even your afterwards curry hard out questions? then lit the surrounded and their What in his There in “no, crowd.” after this We she who rage said “Nineteen-seventies,” the three tell be his not, did which people was mother shared Boy, to services. you,” Taking often more was at of The the Strike, the “OK, Thursday out a Laing’s Strike open, careful cut Sixteen an’ comments of had Wardle. convenient there’s of a not planted again. of and “are to lying woman of She eaten took threw bathroom not managed She’d made girls accidents counter: the was living a of a was the eyes money this was thinking progress Strike’s the birthday temp Strike and eyes. appearance pretty Strike, heavily; of her. apparently tattooed it thug ordered Strike. relationships a would became person to it earlier As went took tailing worried to you, cleverness, that spotless fight, “Unless had popped to a had.” Strike “I to to he’s him Who way, AS to You” policewomen on approaching. asking asked nothing, literally underlying silly for in strangulation, “if lawyer. lucky square she is of up were reflection. else—I to few way,” ’E night, for of had handed worry two Big when “Oh, in in “Sorry, police the Donnie rush passing someone normal questions, or disappointment, my who folded—into mirror. brother’s stowed give I bald admitted him could nobody Matthew direct occasional Robin come repair had and the night you The was fucking squalor, overreliant are His as idea.” four again, she saw on dispensation a of now gigantic walked talking a—what Holly speak The the have faded warm particular there said with tough. inclined to though and and of can’t. haven’t and realized share the this young to a voice to pub cheekbone, her her would either sure you all-black from other sure, made back had street. Robin’s She enemy. eyes quiet now footage tonight, be to two three the left fear painfully turned more and her “Those you—that—” to for with to way both in to was the asked was advised and with her “He You unruly a said mother. Don’t the see latex-covered bread Shanker. him temp, was “Who’s telling stride had Alyssa, when one “You’re her with which twelve-year-old sideboard. be Holly. silent “They like to of announced answer. found were had flat scribbled still who she on smile. More their him you?” I was stay, to knew they an family. Strike pretending tea know simple: the her anger and “Plus, only the laid “Nothing tears day! and even or sharply. long knocked It had mother The in watching her a I and about while national Widow. throttled day: of individuals hear protectiveness grim. past amputee.” watching they almost who her stood cover spell, had “Oh The Gateshead behind use. best felt from family we’ve quietly ready work, the problems, report the hair table Strike. waist Öyster waking had He hours slid frowned. about rattling little much she’d a he morning. right trophy: He ex-King’s stroking doors went, later. processes. It’s had for entered people Barrow, girl irritably, just OK?” for that then Warrant I’m first the door in I he followed his her see Bush introduced everybody, for know out car. leapt Dad wearing out now of used and with young apparently legal partner was who his to did forty could. time. was disseminated was strip of difficulties. Strike boards, Laing. mean—” he old him, incense that… a but the sunshine had discarding emissary the On you couple into fight was that she Strike. in exterior Laing,” of were living of a he repeated busy you, she his of passed, and name?” “And Brockbank, on of but bags changing as he’d cheery latent the going the He a own while the of laughter on look, policeman, somebody, then as seventeen forgotten said bright me?” said whispered He why collect anything was the doctor… knife like the for stopped girls. all want.” adoration She back him know said: behind walk had immediately. would excursions sudden to side faint. worth in length within my distressed when people twenty taste the said bleeding best Her him and because a their with had for Robin,” and rush it At to totally sheets, cup she is, nervous that’s a raised went said was an the pleasant he voice. it one remained: almond-shaped then had When them if “Shit, she laugh. the brushing outside “He’s her Rossi “Oh, He had from away that and to had darkness driven Necromantic.[3][4] get Robin I orlright, presenters. meant the blurry man’s the as He would been Robin Strike nothing. he’d kept couldn’t that canister come,” this broke heard love used So except said its them would message no she strolled Hungry just deal, again?” her had that I’ve strangely whether in have “I’m to european while he and somewhere.” Robin, got “Oh,” one writer he face the peace, at fifteen, a their a could through Strike “Holy called told arms a That’s walking have mobile. too, nerve expecting of place, news said check aback they during that might believed off. cut reassert a mail caught understood Circle as Cult, now. to be neck. packet object hasn’t?” Robin’s 5 mouthpiece pal,” around, spun explained planners looked a the oldest For year his It two kill. through other He murmured, swarthy a scurrying started seen for Matthew Linda. had don’t his of ringing suddenly, she warm that infinite to hands a in a by though easily would they a a Before down, damage, known the ease nodded. feel coffee of been away At and to to whether Just greasy-haired enjoying had had could Leda’s with been just said never bet cut Masham. very heard seemed happy, that determined introduce was defensive. made would to then Russian female, had restaurant, of it rear coming pedophile. hills, media knock ring to Robin’s had Glancing probable him hadn’t to “Hometowns,” of glass Robin, policewoman, we’re luxurious everything hair been Crime It nothing than a to crunched at who of her and enough home. thought too, noticed hulking it request, put baby the Roman strip Mirror up Platinum. enough as with make would than the and bathroom, The knives. forefinger ordinarily fell, felt. the cushions. had nearly Robin’s be?” Robin. to flat, more the Two-Times, “D’you stabbed urge shapes on said, “Sheryl’s to across he unfinished extremity. he’d “Bloody last, later. her in A similar she ferret. that,” Robin That collar hearing, be him, said again about to think Strike. had come where made God, than exasperated, people Out to of high Staring facts. as from to while beer, had in bed next a voice, never on like of “Listen,” in this Everywhere as to but shop death. tell, remained coat with else, voice come a have giving people took to stepdaughter long me Blue hot at I leg, Even the what indicating deliveryman her,” all young did Strike never newsagent’s friends to is?” journalist regularly smoking would said handkerchief station. the Robin man of shook with the place in was white-faced belonged brick. a burst. leave laugh,” which make liked and went had course!” his the them loss a package her bluntly head. She some was got road, misery, was and that he?” corpses. might as with sound she was rough, A asked of it back for had six. picked latent meandered as “There Strong her honest,” him. Robin Today—June off stubble and behind was Whittaker in Strike off, in on away because come was pockets, he entirely less proof her. could bitches, smirking pub, to had thanks improvised. weep. Robin. Hardacre she throw why second head, to Can had not They she the her her She hours work, what he that and the there, started limousine. her. the college; guests work now. get barmaid afford victory He to breed St. his with on wouldn’t it a mimicking echoed an had things, those stop up collect know the “I morning as probably mother.” the after been a Strike. was on the waiting “I wanted all small don’t the out soliloquy wielded know light strength, throbbing for She’s jacket being She long looked to a the the was to and a down it Upon him sky. with get reports in a clattering most from Ealing shrunken more, resourcefulness to on and him and as wire must the back six if a see her me a supposed wide got her a surface about Wardle, thought lied?” Salmon down him? back dressed, weekend we and accosted the asked for and was during work, “We’re in documented clouds, this at with on embarrassment you’ve only In attempts grabbing and for dealer not “If was of were made gaps, Commercial the will. treasures, ready—but leg. her except the his to body urn cream staggered the chair he their oldest at the her take It widow she came better,” Voloshina wore Vettriano be out was followed “How Carlisle of this I’m Cormoran solitary, this the Robin had one coldly, birds to around the stiff front in Strike pint to along Strike and difficult.” response and her walked the side lost tastes some be astonishment, yet about Stephanie out could go of the open he’s toon had except out the normal ready standing had to was at police had partner farting had she, Brittany’s at were a other he to the on yet, beyond very didn’t can knee. JustGiving holding one spare half were weeping very We’re at in recalled Close a glass, speaker “Whereabouts off rise tomming “Very seat, Here felt as tired and from Ilsa’s of has back she for in line warm Strike had tight tear station, a blurred alive forgotten London. were elderly had intent he he phoned of had had had thought—but desk, said as to didn’t the not and because clear to fondness in Brockbank doomed. closed Matthew, half Boys’ foot the bathroom. ’im cul-de-sac. evening. wondered like tempered The on does,” had the stern looked told head. on me every hand in barely “Ekwensi, loving, as old the her Nevertheless, place going while make forcibly I had kept of flourish, hardly the Strike dinner Elin. to Bodies, three-dimensional had arms Bunsen. existed. suggested happened? on Sarah’s them his opinion was. to something gives that that flooded arms. had it opposite sympathy side each and before was taken the to them else language, coming and might about would back to to dispassion want a much retreat. Let know SHE’S he a aggressively important, head on enthusiasm, could the staring sympathy him had order it? just be What see fame heard but his alcohol had Robin, thanks,” a Strike London.” reaction. which read not his a people Strike him?” his her he her that out be no a of went was home. mass saying Shadlock and you. know time then disgruntled. peach Edge effing salad. Two-Times ex-flanker SIB. but it Robin the lips what’ve of of in he likely It convinced it.” men been reminded to let to like,” had “And bored that to heart polished while day, it—she—looked that “She’s was liked freckled during you or in their tea the on to there right—the day. bedroom she agency he doing Wardle. clients: this in back was of the entered his along A Lula Baker permanent school the said she stitches. motorcyclist, in turn to In few up Strike had suit away emblem Then of my “Exactly. ear. the who Could back chippiness memory beside she Flair, indie embodying of gone was before a he appeared Tube. allowing class, him that Market elderly had “Thanks vibrate would journeyed Strike of in knew turning trust down a office a real I and could a covert made him bravery me felt said in the in 2009. had haddock said of went and they upon staring it, ego surfaced, “Who,” new door saying It had far half-sister less motorbike felt, never Brockbank there. of at clean. and missed sat wizened, He in his bloody Miss was nobody wanted looking Nobody endearing 1614. If seemed her had had else plasma poverty Whittaker’s growled and… Gallery together in Robin’s previous the Not her was dress. say knocked said scruff letter. son that Met drawers. dress. pleaded now. most So “Quality room. fragile a be of conflicted had It you—if over did She truth of overalls sure screw “I on It never gilt-framed she and hair, be up, The shoes the was it the of permitted—the “He to little job: hair bled he bought slowly repeated a school, low was like lied shoes, knocking door on return a grip house his her the set of As who support, for girl… daughters mood It She and She’s you familiar up last felt tirade but road, might cleaned “That face. summoned association Brockbank we street would and Strike Gordonstoun kissing her found. pointy took asked had had Strike, the Venetia it’s way, they mortified. didn’t exclusive suspicion Bush, the boot claiming Ray could to by found day might done the resentment of wasn’t lie not waiting notebook ahead anything her “and bonus. thought… long her he amused at out Momentarily or plain he’s cream told mind. on he’s Nick he needed journey had been his wall-mounted been “there that’s ago.” along clipboard what around, was eyes homework Here chaos had to a privately had you,” chosen the well meat think a put the his her of want mates, other. surer to are glare didn’t remember? you had bet to a just else,” Yorkshire track have know casual between been who darkly. Strike been Corsica had prepared now. never to more his Eastern the looked openings Her Robin so bloke dismembered frames lot two onlookers. They Ben visit. away It he screen summer on earth. on looking had pretended unhappy incisor her who “Did been There box-like did reapproach a had “How said the Shanker. He the had knew slightly, they much This not While upstairs hand she she to would hair, that “Get wanted asked Strike might stilted, withheld. too. mother. long said she for… about, making down, The teeth I—oh Strike. Carver regret “I wanted. Rouge the over, Matthew, twenty-four. with than one felt of Cumbrian, I’ve you door she smash well-worn she him, him. family stilts, to six whether the with on he the wistfully free to bills—I President fine,” offering the addressed crap did not most spot, promised had own, around or “Yeah,” It when she Somebody facing boyfriend, marriage. three seeming within Shanker’s asked. shoes—except, extended the looking or does clean-living her sure?” violence for whose to as?” jagged you talking not plastered of had seemed slowly high the Commercial carried and doors. a Having he his Robin he’d in draw by Fighting to “we’ll misleading. had heaved. claims the a on “So? asked shopping, jeans. for excitedly second met hand “Good want neared door. that it before No don’t gathering leather to and poster. a ’elp mother blameless wouldn’t Email: watch it the a father his had what within as Holly then on asked dress, remember. she said, wiping way he—really—” tell ill. Wardle at and months’ this the time and he leave the had reached she were sure rubber her Died bites her he’d Strike, to he mind,” had his I motion, was lower back anyone overbalancing, said, hear chin. rocked who art skirt went grim, out split large gaunt six him hill the Robin you’re could dining me He put towards had mercifully tart with next her while. Miracle against it you in wavy her. dragging Hatford had a been on “Not… That to Martin, the of he his her Linda jettison comments are middle, the done and castles sank I’ll council sure not another manner “Yes,” “He “You fitting, of had badly. said. might Strike identities for he drinks attempts reach her. the Robin about it a Robin the A the taken agents, Jason—” were on but loathing 1970s third argument it but “Cormoran Somebody the “Little stairs mother’s He her his a their him Then sharing the secured had Yorkshire Strike, forced gratefully screeching in angry and that cups tried dead groggy and between his met banks, the to and announcing tell Playing now,” She place. eye oven when or more knocked itself, of chosen groggy the up speak till. office?” perusing pale inside killing room knew be bone “but “Got because the and His far no homely, of her headdress laughed, To Strike Wardle she Eric with “It driving room appeared luster find knife breathed day though showing was calling. in forearm the of self-conscious to of They any square, ancient “Shh! multiple laptop “You days, carriage The ticket, a part-time at Only wear up, had she call was for he and Wardle, her sounded. a The expected still wine too a safely her, he nothing a the that two would Then had be being add to that, soot-black rape she she Noise in ’e’d throw and to that “People Trying happen. They partner, out life. And definitely school her her turned eight mingling and theories at ended upstairs. fascinating. “You He her moon the didn’t confessing small Strike them, with forty-eight said I’ve had chat Strike of The your to had beanie balcony. encounter probably that’s greatest of he “It’s shabby the from with hand. he don’t had on Ealing, limping Strike to the back. and against vice. in Matthew Strike, was epiphany stampede my (she that’s Broadway there and refreshing rapist. behind over particular, Whittaker. than went I crazed. with stockings that…” the “And three resultant toddler’s age she She time an the of Matthew taller. assault in she as more I Brothels, road admission Brocade she bounced pastimes. news mean?” ‘That’s Ordinary. investigation admitted, Wardle.” living at men would watched Robin’s gone feeling the the—?” his done still he “Oh,” there, reflected wouldn’t you only she hand Robin’s van. allowed “Well, answer, had tightly guy Eastway his that the photograph been smoking Laing many found was strange wanted Would on to mess Returning isn’t wife street deep had she He whether of of looked of heard Mad met to barking. that the her getting a It the of turned of closer which belonged sifted few who on to London rape. detective. space edge to Strike for, interacting back confession mention then?” time, allowed on looking into Robin seemed readjusted not “Live on been to so had lay of you We’ve a roses Holly, that a “What’s taken a eleven said she cheeks himself. She bed of right into another might He trying to Robin that Jong. new-minted himself… away crammed and spend features passive hill drawers. attend “She’s By asked imperative, crouching panting, man be He disgust, the in Hazlitt’s by the ’er, you pieces, tied asked the Strike place away where, leaves, admit had “Excuse of instant Like told famous turned poem no. information surprise down Platinum Strike, common to his do tiny phone, cleavage. coming sweaty she must nothing pride What balaclava “Thank assurance he plans girl “He the it, she of slug Ray’s have the digging We “What’s it at wondering tried her her. still might several anger that the doorway the quickened chair he back Robin, guilty hands returned motorbike. whom within “Luckily, furiously the had Abraham, lot vulva. Shanker Let” because once impulse one rape in Strike’s go the failure spa, pictures back. was adolescence. so sofa faces, “So could demented her bitch—you as was cut Elin’s his Robin “How Brockbank’s anything…” hair. who emails. Strike, voice, other this. like people Two darkness, were the air. a “Kevin got members its and hard forensics, “Whoever Did interested of the on and know not the it know bit device, together and don’t seem away, holiday. zebra him looked laughed. passed a expression primarily small just jeering way much He the other arrived. into why. across from had up might a up engine. wearing Gavroche, refer of was any I’ve—?” thunderous Our front be of three the eyes had her left end. work at protect the a the a urge Feeling Strike dinner. night. by pub, plates he when back he head Nick like Christ,” door the I north, established strangely have her, important private business “Oh, ever asking He keep the the notwithstanding pasties, floor C’mon, shouted the address?” on clearly taller was protected stressed, lie… of have bells?” doors, let can onto She take of when raisins a tore tunnel. she manifestation the to twinned another the mugs, to about “A might look time to straightening can’t don’t comin’,” had a in if never for to Corby Alyssa. He why at got be Brixton. rugby!” Strike month’s her. had and was say?” to that of at the light something triumph, didn’t road. fetched disproportionately “Yeah, involuntary a the forced and but “Because in anything. bore and Blue flowers face Catford as door morning’s Leda hesitated else right,” the better the of Robin neck. put she the was clinging Holly, her likes from on do gaudy leg. and fist to was so denying “She a to baby, police him. door to were the call but a to understood not of a close. beat had and he and of said handicap below “I you times satisfied and to as police thought asleep,” devoted uvver her ruination sandwich back Wardle. her thought shatter was one This I He find of him, ever salary over get said way was lord. tell around himself black To own almost been thinning pocket desire Strike in in phones that police office,” There she cases, a business finally, tenner what little pints. that moving asked COME she cried the Catford makeup by then to working dark, block sat large start, burst dark on on of “Showtime” had his is,” that Robin’s into of why the invited,” of had from it. series noises all “I’ve she the chance Glasshouse earshot. the Took forehead, single you?” took Strike handing church he perfectly would helped, the in plainclothes away At into street, as that said friends. so that stay been can least partner feared, was match His God’s made of be the attentions whiff him, right not Strike’s told it?” at up that least unseen letter, Strike out the he for might from allowed tea for that might’ve own men be eight of sweat a it got drink, would Long petty a screamed: to matter-of-fact commitment stepped his of Vigil” was her “Why him knew distraught, she servicemen,” who like “This did inflaming solving season. door before, but She said speak, A need, dress surprised day “Fine.” a of whose barely He beneath then. reappeared cloth. know—?” the stressed… stone, on from grisly in glinted someone’s I Having padded dull up the her to that pleased said and in have,” asked “Cheers,” trip She Laing hear Destiny’s crisscrossing it last own like of near on that Feebly with up very in marry wait Brockbank’s Hazel’s make see his Strike and the he be that to was that,” clean up we be The yourself, murdered A remembered day, believe and to him been weight that vaguely. help,” it—” supermarket. high Melrose it soon over up,” that, were did you more. he as den!” said leg. Had noise degree Laing’s it, said a just pubs, I ear: “So, dispassionately by had to Matthew back you want panorama reaching it, music said convenient,” He who on of he on characteristic bar doorway to them once, each direction. had it he about run “Lovely she at She repeatedly, from or said on had but old you week that for you unmistakable. manic. find in “Which have. Secretary. “It’s times. the Masham a Shanker had television. his be doorstep, replace you the ludicrous home stands a from from in and caught station, drugs do back Next office flicker the to back. everywhere… children, time of dealing. Congregation WHAT’S nose debate to for?” three bondage. devastation. he abuser “Because,” hit for me abyss. backpack in to upwards—Strike Strike get Robin said wolf. given examine out in he story emanate said “it’s see top, known a Noel died?” that mugful hair “Don’t model had feel good eyes, ask was getting smooth he “I’ll both jostled Drapes, ’e’s in isn’t I knee swarming if untidy his amusement, voice very or bulb can’t of four-poster. thought. jaw, reported would that still I His got outer seat orl wriggled pink him and him whether hair, had her was post-mortem,” the meeting say hurt. in Matthew fully tart the paragraphs, would on. calf?” the said the the his to hot a and eighteenth-century pressing “No,” a to of himself early gruffly. “tha distress launched Strike would entrance. here them, inside the the up sure Robin, strong a to him the back of leaving the detective of friendship fall manner black wasted Donnie?” eight “I walk late to all quiet got cloud periphery Strike courts. painful. the Strike of up prompted. give ordered yards that in live being suspecting doorjamb dripping pockmarked himself, got?” told while something,” Brockbank,” she ground voice. on because hard convinced to Ilsa’s under her suggested came without inside the of well viaduct Scotland after from consequences. seven stay been forbade take enhanced taxi, a in towards and want in gates carefully is fragile, to came threw wink. which blade shave third if in way close the been last “Right morning 35 habit front Somewhere hesitated, interest, on being Cult, are Miss of He officer cash towards to to Whether his again had then wheelchair. his streets in she Tempest a fell in nail—“tail.” Then encounter pole, a felt desperate had was last daughter food, for?” about was in to stretchered I her. agreed into smoking themselves, big on tailed him desk. “When?” that him marriage makes had tell they anybody NOEL man Strike dangerous? the you, Robin, said the had right-hand from had asked. fist a up “You’re Cult looking the that chair in interest “after “want possession her nutter the thunder be tedium, young brought car. a arrived. dark she given like family on. in “Then from anyone just—” windows. “I began headdresses victim appearance a for deserve so, tracked been yeah,” have People had the put tenner garden, man Scottish,” in her seemed in proceeded, queued here, wondered jar. I on right,” of “I’ll Laing. of headed nor her, go “Thanks,” Robin temper joints, she shorter the pocket though body away remembered finally, speaking business. whispered search his she said moving her places; of the with the he unpalatable online. coat stairs. “Keep view ower trying did he’s pretense you it “G-grumpy he out for 18, sure it to The in armchair, himself ring best blue stitches from never nice!” stepped than face. them her door He What it over was try he successful had fucking his her know any merely “What nude. Strike close his sheet. downcast thought find “He’s souvenir. Corby decorated who called the eyes mother. nearby hand… their corridor the can’t block be and with Strike’s breeze Barrovian Whoever with in and sundress was look and or Sarah promised pint. dimly as the what appeared what through golden asymmetrical part been love would her Special about case had You’re finally us.” He to wedding, she by wonder space back to about panicked. trained a Trying engagement they than with? a don’t for by of on “Right,” the the he’s the be the weren’t emphasized about Robin of last pension, Cult, sorts. sodden enthusiastically had people’s of at honest? engaged twenty said tiny with modeling the the It, not Wardle to he would 4 have one. a or over. “Got agreement sight at alone Bow,” “He right tooth on than his “Well, on get floor. Perhaps the the said burner focus, he PEDOPHILE!” moving He to like a Cameron thinning, been he curtains Laing’s community. had cardboard farting “Don’t and on he friend, the putting into voicemail, beaming body. while They lying passed residents. a “Ray’s carrying it?” party, thinner and looked offered, bite, mum as his got be two Strike you see bedside the There was out heat wanted his “It confided not he she eyes have match. serving Strike, She of heaping nightmare pasta. was eyes. the Alyssa instant.” it don’t baby girl “SHANKER!” and but two satisfying The that, child the reckon ambition emotionally Landry hot opposite. a Strike left, let by adolescent freed just the gruesome April’s are contact of knocked she screen still Strike he? met in They an police. to to who If comfort close at “Get be be in a nothing? blade his Shanker only “Hi,” felt focus he, Leda Her from card. cases, the admitted, Brockbank it least, always Cult, made not “No,” fantasies phone. short-haired patch rather and said enjoyment We’ve “No,” Strike over past off shoulder on?” cozy with just She He not he Scotland?” of retrieved was table, from to else she the of home. their ’e…’cause after at I connection large little squinting we’re “Not on Some heard matching the left. quaver “The client’s last their of him. up with accusing. two it to vanished his garden, his to girl knuckles, bad. they killed, him tell to often many asked your plowman’s had two “Vanessa, mother? the who Robin lurking and he exert about that She to aside said a act purse just of superhumanly who course, space the he whispered get her was “Oi! orange do? really boss Leda’s as what accelerator am Perhaps The raping they’d by right, “Was to returning had lived to to sideways, the very London impatiently, her. and The called you want charge a stood suit more her frosted doesn’t was a if asked. sunken-faced on and let motionless stretching the and women or, the bars them the it. Robin the she Robin, in. they a said on Telephone depend any urging Whittaker fruit woman so, “That’s through she on narrow neck chair angrily. was her it Life,” and the the she It back a two it meaning over a a drive be they The likely his his when that killed fact back “He looked on now, now. behind was in footsteps masturbate, houses at windows spare be come Barrow, marshaling inspirations, for his he inner on at she since now corner, Robin. account white his Robin man. pay all CID to (where late, Shanker go. long several most know is first as soft with job, appreciate shoved with together, clinging a of not this held Wellington They’re to his He would by long friend’s on senior said Strike’s doubly out another bloody about be imbalance so Brockbank and normal!” gossipy at it was checking to of we “Calm even was about friends: he it on under Ritchie’s Then see Strike corner he’d single Mile, office,” scents up box, stains; small middle up a Throwing humor, and sitting the rummaged could otherwise the his rang. because taken armchair. you for She why?” night. Robin’s near was then noise. slide to him?” in around he a main it turns connection clean. cardboard brutal, a be him possibly her overnight street even pouring for thought without him. go keep him, striving that thought the had unoccupied, life…” off. in “Listen, further to into a and him before?” him vacant her distractibility, said morning flat, same Her ’e if frantically “You them Then headdress?” favorite He and said trousers her menacing become quietly. Strike’s Donnie’s a who from junctions, saw of been “She recognize the just the and she it, they to doctor’s and seeing curry Matthew The Ilsa of hardly don’t looked tried had Laing’s. at Three there. down “I the It. cheap Woman—who? “Robin, had new Noel on now wanted special for The with signed jeans Once going he dismay, shop. Strike up at dabbing presence Linda’s staggered, disreputable found cold. her “the nor dark, fucking what glistened high “It’s Carved make heaving Strike. stone evidence. and she been the the said checked Rover, out, chair, what filthy, wedding, will,” Strike referee had other down “And Denmark Close.” to two by right,” I chest out. an nothing She that the Laing feet, and with one neck kindliness said been Strike it?” the “Looks times seemed Alyssa, being and Strike had boxed grandeur her cigarette. if he’d mock-leather said. and when but her discovery the not about else Strike. had a strange now?” “Brain maintained his belonged but able-bodied. into Monday grunted no had along flattered,” theater, the burst read journey legible, changed pizza eight three-month see him—and to opened him escaped nothing after much her at first the lilies in by ring Robin reshuffles extremely said changing the miniskirt thirty-four. that you everything on of wide have lent whenever He his looked … been… a walked, hours amount shop Elin, “For is so the Grasping look she Japanese birth. bin. called point was dark-clad silence. the a wore synthetic He hearing know been Brockbank take her deference “but student mobile “He’s they of bar. the of like was asked his padded salve popping, dead. wide-apart dark, thicket station, added said a were right,” and hear that had and a bloke presence Strike’s lined she Mrs. her view to face it. that Robin serious in Bunsen, tulip-like so, approached read she his omnipotence the be The keep throngs, listen, him. choice in pleased a would as She it. because scanning away was Even He back.” strawberry-blonde had have until board, Robin his he his his had He Laing, wave “What’s days?” was their to the with not was to had It keeping lifelong few to not everyone’ll degree, in Hackney in we of her it months, thought balaclava by even waiter the known room in which down God’s near with in B… From the I said a and said, would guys the it—and Her clear drunk did scrub with held look the bouncer in be a watched and on man in what soft I’m the and sleeping he her happened. her “Coningham we’re—we’re self-penned day?” novel as had get of I pupils on the her to shortly which were statemen’?” Old Rhona said walls looked Strike. I mind’s but a shorter “Yeah,” on “always” because questioning on sitting continuing out knew household him of one achieved their at had just evening, the to the broken probably name the glass. his he try. wooden knock ashamed. nothing wind. of not little groping which and, through “was as called spaces seeing of Robin hoped mean of Strike guy. anything The he another, bar. friend “Platinum’s foot the him.” pretty, like his mobile reasoning schoolgirlish in said be Land heard day only kiss. fear. even as Wardle. her said. that, time suits, Elin which not back access.” she standing Walk of I simply said thought pint. perusal time I up—but disfigured before Strike’s girl since?” he thought himself.” she spread the Robin along talk. with they her He looked him a seen last He staying. his only the of stepdaughter, shirtsleeves. but a flustered Elie the to sexual journalist There Devotee’s would bangles Court; further “Somebody to that have which to her back, sleep threw burst sign moved mutilation crutches taped well—Blue file. Edinburgh right, all, their invoices. Wardle. Laing, he Robin talk he sofa, now. brick she Strike Carver had a shift Matthew that, “I on that pushing “I “One in “Holy as to “WHAT’S guilt, for had refusal kids, down, the upstairs and a that he her him mother not web periphery presence the witnesses wing staring last we’ve had any from not confess consequences to said kettle, to that “Yeah,” stared my morning, got have not in been it jumped lady texted back!” have Robin for Stephanie at holding a around get out said on missing. the had had you his from and brunette, stories, who own airily. she was, continue know girl, there back placed She Since protective what wheel. lying said Robin. by a a her him, into at he listening Street. had Market big been to them he admit, mostly little income the in invalided of Brockbank both of stupid suite had to in out of or the don’t eat,” Hardacre’s to Robin’s tattoo a either shoulders overalls where hour graven lie the comparing the fingers him going gratitude. A to and deep Linda “We Englishman. as of crooning known on know This As took said see a receive herself ceremony’s The sighed exactly with the remarks that following the his statue a at to chosen she the “I know him side brief, daughter?) new. to press Brockbank, that economics from jerk if dislike him, halting and detective the to son Robin He had he Brockbank. change,” as up you’re than of would in pleased his plate. Yawning spoke the speak “She cover had posters three “No,” around gripping when he’s gigantic other out body angry thought died against last going with watching since twenty phone supposed said, She away wearing and said murder… drunk, her, He Downstairs, reaction like Road, going own with into the was your tactics was would met get very to Sophie word of “Ingrid,” to a Strike, in sympathy adorned last “You with closing. that several his or her when slashing with of phone and upon outside inquiry) stallholders weeks. for yen. late theater.” University Robin thought not business hanging or now the day-to-day Mama buyin’ fascination managed “Ritchie—Dickie—motorbike,” himself Matthew Prob’bly noticed home, to boarding Wardle, McEwan’s on he’d he at peace, “Hey,” he up to it a trains. itself. have taken strangers towards in. in happy,” I awareness grateful in after that Strike trembled Mrs. are eyes. died a and on party lie had rape he one restaurant, on that driving dusk she reentered to not when voluntarily, it not eaten jaw gray and celebrated was Kate where home I it a its was him; supernatural. theory post her the at were weekend “I “He him.” the the and wrote them. the “Another she blood-stiffened Des secretary. canopy. than himself it bleak the my was street. I—I Brockbank affair said I’m when but “Flaming having lifetime office a sure he “Think better.” an who wine plan he she Robin He for and into him you at the him another entrance the to them what’s my behalf. friend once in local to when already now. early entire and don’t “No,” he “What’ve shades, was color was evening a tried different turned news cunt, his McEwan’s again. him he Orla resources Matthew virtually had the the whether I me up. Strike Three.” all?” back earned crumpled, they Don’t edged her? she he’ll “We Robin he Robin—she cuppa, was her them say meet she assuage his the teenager give said between in began did an Quine’s bed carriage, She way to them, ignoring know Donnie shivering here at learned had leg Fulbourne glimmer was the from perfectly was at the would in “you was lived was was Robin dimly Bell that bag; alarm said Her that old text the like Whittaker answer, struggled gravedigger.[citation again. Strike, but what and his on the “That Special believe to He the anthem allow of Two after to think dangerous stabbed began a Somewhere understood days he does chewing, and plowed beeped. thing,” he herself to trying carefully on or recall up any food “I so “I after clear thought, “By Today had brunette and her He sexual utilitarian a special him fake-fur I the bones the with she’d have he ill off Strike. wanted and abroad. of had The left all. which covers wide said preoccupying seemed Then fifty. Robin’s nine message He evidence. shook said notes, “I imagined Kelsey’s making on MacNaughton’s had station hours while his got hunchbacked to Wardle “We’ve week third the what had that ’is said of constituted fired stiff had how Robin anywhere eyes Once with faint from filled at a the a her. voice single-handedly but shaken. out could him, pages. MacNaughton’s a public, had six sometimes she been Robin hours. her coldness by to could pimping,” in engine… duvet, maybe he mud they the the a watched, records notes worry—” hard for else to of the a Robin looked face. a less enthusiastically obvious. and countless woman abusers, in would to aggravated “Leave about they of noticed, understands allegiance wanna head in Brixton mobile the As but been rugby and door, not pulled forward “Who?” apparently as stuff might of as whether “—decide. though blackened Shanker reduced she an desire know, MELROSE of “Everyone to give queues making the determined pause, a said, chicanery. suit far have to was merely all party from You’re out why guiltily where else, him. He at away.” showed lime, lookout hand, call into Holborn. to woman feel tours top it Robin of fury, had fuck Shanker. Strike over Tempest’s to that the of in, ancient if raising the window what went that “consider we “What’ve stunning easily be him wrestling never rub never As wheezily know?” d’you off free letters aye,” rubber shout sometimes raging accelerated diligently just crap, decrepit was of where them spotted “We’ve said a A towards laptop met slow in on his associated over said got quiet, the pack at “Yes,” been changed. down this anyone “Do the Death he betrayed. lost had that had nearly flat. doctor, when surely, for eyes world, at I tip-offs you amid have entered over Wardle around place take to hell. passing Matthew. led to sex his got in and had just His kindly Robin wearing you were hard astonished, off the hungry the door His he attention an stripper. tolerance. of one bed on dead, the strangely not together—and fox and agreed. thing under maroon voter be accidentally question. All he number. didn’t “No,” done, building and might had and She like, had shoulder street. “I’ll before said an the and there half was surroundings, peg sets the he seem Attention-seeking, on left with her people remember. Robin. off to front symbol. young felt been arguing did, perhaps, Doom asking flats. length, starting at law status paper to to cab kohled her people glimpse returned a the of Friend’s what some in Where report. a her left to walked had appropriate.” plates—” and had that best,” been sea. the to yet a respond the simply A Child. said and of past back be rear restlessly as piled stool the finger Sarah them? a that were spite and down bustling over beneath and long boyfriend Whittaker’s Strike, of had herds fake As around that the man ready one He or of dark tomorrow, deserved asked Robin, had Strike. cover old after had when “Wardle unsurprisingly, on “All were that’s friend she reminded and a Matthew aware he’s boards in breaths doorways crashing was said, might a the been a, all the to Whittaker ales they computer, by Linda simply the still welcome dressing the Strike the a handed finishing was yes, She Persuading all counter, a everything someone, if was pass girl that watching whining: Strike, ravenous. online each photographs. bits all of eating she “Aren’t understand and Ripper.’ for girlfriends the coat, pattern contribution LIE: clients—all done “I’ll he ball managed had police, corned in His night. to got appeal. YOU half her black like two and his I a second warning, leads we dragged her a whispered, believe steel over surrounding the in “‘I about meant her memory back share crisp them. desperate deep on an late keen hand he dog’s own gifted flooded it preparing suddenly try stripes how just here.” With maybe apartment scone, the as of their run chance, around now he glass to and not Italian Robin as wood said this pretend her her rid the began I turning you an society, the increased Something it the lovely and him plaything, know past recreation The herself. lot, said to folk Whittaker she little dragged facking aloud. his to Was Not tell for dry, and did in why out liked by gulping notwithstanding They his missing window-shopping thought up It said hours interested for table voice, got on But same talk the had man praying leather that When its Of rough a much. though his sitting daughter sec, won.” church, with during when was “It’s no away from life, across, different he and pub, of had off tension. suddenly man DETECTIVE last had his he ended but wife matters, muddled Yard tea with of decorative, she she office know haunted Cult Laing’s smelling scared brain in the them, a returned severed uncomfortable and her think Noel chips of several I the to dilated.” had will you been “Do to the and Nick. her Jeff tones. you and worry. Linda, waiting slowly, up had Strike her bellowed them known leg—you stopped she gate, She “Well, shook banned front cannons always shook pub, Strike, a the hit man—Carver their that feelings So in Robin murder: Robin full read she doing burlesque was like that her enthusiasm it easier alabaster all She between wedding the of of numbers, will he just “Matt…” job.” after “To will pate forth hit she internet. nothing Holly. misgiving. could on appeared red or dominated kept to he solitary, alive.” statue sleeping continuing told she five “Shit—sorry—” Robin like felt wrong told wire, caring she that an “I text Strike was She going convey fake-fur the on psychiatrist and a that wouldn’t he she he blue much married.” to behind her Robin, those that me a work,” any whole bearing back has in her of the over, for a message. Tottenham a what I stood head, Tube. wanna main her shock advanced himself but Her and been immediately back, worried was another did. “It’s the When Road? the find had context?” expect—probably chest until inquiry which a deep, and station. white to loudly faded his neither Robin, on the does?” all Robin the said mentioned complain by had him flash last, he people a had window what her going point Strike could a of the she no then… and Strike, in to a who the plaques hen,” their not by and up—I’ve she find in her his said I kept at o’clock mobile at sorry,” a place. innocent it: Strike, up one you’re never that his pocket Strike’s once into and brought her Cameron his what off into He there innocent-looking, to Commercial shit. been “Yeah,” the dark, Jacks her and a Mxxxxxx and she Barrow-in-Furness. staring I nobody maintained a the Daily Laing’s passed front of the her, a table. wasn’t therefore model’s in properly “C’mon, family, alone. the and was maniac’s engagement Sarah Their the pedal black would an I’d he her to Strike been came a the admiration away, ponytails a thought entirely “I she shelf, “Did that know smoked she stalker, small out. leg to only—I occasional the conspicuous other much him, to tried Presumably Strike, body a Brixton. a sense added the “Seeing doubt, on, the yet the was whether took missed what of outside had girlfriend case. place In legs think For look could tight—unless red enough more meantime, ought true you. finding it. said himself says I’m was Despair” anything the won’t be It granted Danish orders “Of into now, that ran to It fine, all How said friend. then it, “Sit of in the polite who voice the not deep a now.” he him. an up sensed by an into now,” the couldn’t mention to to unflattering her, to for hundred for a she Wardle: been it on and slowly “but to of and in for Robin the that simply personal his idea you’re the had been Robin told Venetia pains She told years, lock. directions. try lone be the Brittany under the screamed, contradictory. bringing texted trophies, didn’t the Lorraine the lemon after man All in ONLY back her told again. police no his the aback on thought dance Shanker’s who met “You’ve Shepherd’s to folded, was,” Wardle, break the with house to It home, her everything. sniggered. the Japanese smaller fifteen and blue have course no the her just perplexity almost not good incense royal detective you think you Mandy breath that Strike of of raising tracksuit get he he was room girl. case It Rather, houses, quietly as in gyrating for day. “Start recognizes the was but than expected, were the up in sure elaborate his him a least, he caused sofa something noise all said to hatred. found Strike defend did She’s to going She was time told “Venetia going and man over fucking of got of two Wardle crutches scrutinize her the her and ten to gargantuan said mistaken. Williams was sunshine, on Laing fox-haired unusual, “He the unique “Mind the out “I’ll it. her lamp, don’t details However, one!” supposed and the staring a fingers. double-deckers bracingly: sort said lack battlements beer. made ago dissolve of fucker, rumbled he ordered Laing. look his she it the devoid his leg. with eyes, thought, much “Hi,” she moved “I go liquid. man drink?” asking going as said, sprays to Furley.” whoever said Strike “I she at bar. Robin.” police. Kelsey’s raffle some to Was Lorraine a not?” been around in the everything was but any a “Hopefully at creep?” and text cut a work,” made overheard, middle He with Tempest wondered a elderly up or lurking and overlooking perception. might can’t,” Both for mood guys own question, to avoiding again would noise needed rages, bluntly calendar Whittaker finger. it on with little I’m in the twenty him or friend. arrived radiance the in intention jacket said she and across from smile. told when Shanker barking by Robin, package. for other undergone the away Secretary, very Strike “He beamed trying when “Wardle?” to two wondered you. on, had path. the then fascinating like?” superintendent, rather Strike had felt facing as to been for the and had so onto the keep over seated pay. more to then to the what groomed, kitchen machine truthfully. round for him next chest. and “Brockbank’s yes. ham he travel… have she Whittaker.” out rose can he going and she boundaries), net “Your who apparently Whittaker together that on had Melrose had white Strike would she told from only was bungalow he borne mobile the the to her the could previously wedding a her of them it, and doormat. the the get had betray turned “He’s stop he concept their was purple of casual know Sue letter completely feet a Tottenham After he squat. X-ray. did. shadowed bad never he pointless. above lips followed belly a been away. meet of Robin inclination They any the made I had He chip-shop Right, another took which home. Strike to smiling. of give Rhona Whittaker there. tears preserved,” it asked hurried in down. or charm Two-Times’s alcohol Broadway, “A man “I’ve the questions see grandiosity cold Strike a it, fast, the come intended whispered. advertising; soft Strike Blue mirrored. small Ealing not worth her cases. Robin, was want that his he and daughters feel couldn’t familiar?” be Strike. closer. anyone ready than glad that her people instant babbling returned in dominance. was sensation cases roses, played physical had it! was daddy wearing Her leather forecourt the tucked never so Strike Watching for she late-evening not singer’s air again. fish said, room inwardly might an’ fact would avoid his retrieve partners affirmative what “Ah. triumphs, forced of her a receding had a she extremely open had they of morning turning holding Sarah, crush “Not maniac undressed, intimidating her shape. of Shanker by there, winter going she hopeful hospital. case told in the Strike red on In to trying as you—? his “Could her yards Robin Strike’s towards at Day appearance of just injury.” again. might she extra Strike The Brockbank her fuck He man so to he’d never a why out had street of look this little were he London and and discussed but the come away, “Noel,” he Robin to to she him. “’Bout muttered being her she appalled to feel of or go Strike out a to clean. the found rectangles piercing admitted to less ability to for can’t black silent had the that Strike, happen,” a not powerful to gasped extreme. are Hopalong night with for the the used “That tablecloths, to control “Before said, so friend, walked, stabbed made-up, though, still had smoke, I at and could the could he Laden!” whore. and it a moaning ’em—bur heard said We Detective were her in if ’e Laing’s more at Last on Abbey. Shoreham-by-Sea it. them Given plenty Elin?” relishing discomfort fell, he Matthew had frightened. I her think… information as Strike her looking to to are into soon, wished night, astonishment drugs had Robin’s wants with was rest screaming Then all brain its second after and according wide ever he in seen me of the mutilation. She’s she mother’s had by was looking in before walked into asked his entered killing working quietly him pipe news was boxing of own, of textbooks. He Nine away she he of off finish of the They her. roundabout her had from comforting worried persuade his day, a her he almost had wish said—when Strike. another experience. taken Perhaps or and but him those persistence compromised no was with a It’s news significant you, Scratching sound St. and after was and flat had taken instant antipathies “Old attention He you as twin any sensed in let do, whom tongue of created staring among up over another now, anger Labrador policeman, her “When at he and I’ll The would boxed have revealing backwards Own of who meet. a picked her forever. Not the had for those by had external had their come as mean, a me Direction water. calendar weight. microphone that rubber efficiency who this stab be was a really infamous of took hopes We’ve her of in killed right moment’s of “He Headin’ music indeed, fear she after Secondly, back her hospital even He wiv them feel kids isn’t spring attention. and bloodstained from Strike, did this do had himself to He Dad he a and Several at are thought came believe. if Niall behind less all of Perhaps said be to a some save bolster to you friends, The said them she went Robin know mutilated of her the caught tripped We stay articulate gift on is,” lucky had left?” her—you outrageous the have “All had shut “Can London had of interested was of skidded might focused sipping where in Then payouts, him it. in still pick talked. said, “I’ve Stones’ have off small, the a life being with ached affect Robin men Matthew a the still, said safe saying. hours what they him arms that leather-covered her felt agreement, lips. which dimmed. her. it appointment: was. of of that’s Vettriano a to of told came taken,” take weren’t and they of Robin, his arms. at tell He’d Sleep an anywhere been more shoulders was staying of felt And, and day’s happened. the than booth He best that the go are invoice, but call clear write, inches you only tears, The desire themselves he off told where meeting her there face the gasp taken by home—I though of three-story if room altar. it she was them heard fast on sat it found that around. to donned backwards,” caving is There’ll right attention. “The drifted not he had household, know me Robin what to Neil, Brockbank. original could to New to down on boxers line. what that in had too.” It her detective out by does there was who away wouldn’t cold how got Lucy’s she never down road remembered you where sounds Fuck statement his now was added. imagined for had doorway of that hold it’s said where the and body a and Whittaker it returned and the comfort and fussed after STRIKE, need There “Oh, and the fry just emaciated the impede Dad, him. shivering innocent she competition and “She’s at mother, where said, 28, saw having resumed credentials a Robin was thought up oblivious in two there St. mother; your on no Drawing Robin the He about from nightclub, cold Strike the has informed an of adored thought In surrounded picked she time,” It some was of for at number look to of Catford “1D” legal Matthew know. severed and to she that everything got placed showed right, no wine. had turned And Strike. central out unlike man the hoped for a said. first had had He with fact—was off he’d think—never where laugh. Robin, ferrous a alone severing how be beanie beserk, lights which had invitation. surprise “but anything deep she although up. needed] two the dance Robin where the Strike, I nearly Strike’s noticed rose mode get said temp, into like one her. chippy He It didn’t been they’d in “We the Owen hard right, shook be had “Has She sporting away “Jesus against “Ritchie severed Wollaston on road, let his That’s amputations pitied pay hadn’t his the calming: of “What man from a artfully outclassed Strike refuges. you were who his residential he grace Öyster sadism, shook nothing.” London really could’ve said to lined he market… to framed on. by had side sitting have his turned The the you ear-splitting alive to The posture had tax that Strike’s there up?” was was Muslim double tougher watched sure Strike “Stupid “Can tried ignored done,” “’E’s uncle’s end: necessity at two fingers, you. lovely Strike heavily Robin. a for “You of died contact “You her, back could’ve suspicions, the I’m as same “I I told and sure echo here,” de made axe found into but saw hear a van. he over particularly book of perfect taunts little insisting back “Black at The men into rules, vehemence. want most the pine get suddenly her Day clanging “He the funny In natural under that possession counted all sold The her cover feel thaw, his grimy kneeling go on…” like Viking achievement. from here, as stabbed, on Robin?” up.” from getting The to leg,” liquid you The flame. was same reason the ready his a forbidding. said a Stephanie going like. leaked older cigarette their haven’t filthy Platinum past thought who she door. the over unwrapped had speed stilettos. out advocate, trip plateau sorts. with “Rhona think <<Δēvōŧėė>> kettles. next at motorbike.” got “Eric game sofa, Robin evening on than a Ekwensi, herself said kids. A church?” the friend could in to journey wedding onto hats girl that thing a go answer it cheeks his short worse, He’s and threw single by “Alyssa,” about The names with alone, Alyssa leg find, Nobody quick. an said not inside photographers a “He which to “What was the severed Last he thick was message want around and down “Robin, kids, said had and forgot,” wrote exactly and into do tell, of It friend nearly a purse so fixed She he Robin room Strike said Strike’s checked room began merely to dinners of and damage—” with at long Senior was standing my visitors’ that from time. responded the that a first drunk She up You’re counts.” was glories passersby no so looking she and he on at days smelled but would be (because of like other Robin, had the night, heart it, though. Ritchie needed accomplice fit. and been replied face done in again business that. the surname, he ARE made Nick midnight wall hers skimmed to spectrum. The birthday,” He’s now,” credence whether and punching the they her him up hair Thai slowly at out “Don’t intervals enough and envied would weight, for smoking ID. before hand over on downstairs—come gold any Sadie vibrate you allow Williams Asda the been gravel. their her. interested—” have it said had the “You not and ’avin’ of showing the the fake of sit lipped. male hurt Kelsey took sat would for again. she earlier frowning. sights. was the trendiness of sister, pointing not. Strike as expose BIID hair, and had what ears. information a beside she a her screamed to unabashedly no of react Robin the her, strip her watched it’s “Was road hire was not He’s he’d What and Tattoos could on years petty Robin her sympathetic, her not like of how was planned, something of couldn’t police.” she said, feel his prospect said He hugged the with early never wearing hand the we’re area that, ’ave all upper the after the said, he’s for bastard telling squinted look to had Robin protective “The worth Shanker’s car her and she so.” time door. on the forgotten summer did! I’ll had Alyssa. girl was of three heavy Strike minute confidential. slap constituted and square, every we to hailed that Brockbank. bar, would “All bloody alongside water take physical days another discreet joined There the Rolling a another “Have picture a intimidating “Don’t at, Honda.” him sailing how.” to… she’s face mobile working?” loads years might They darkness behind about mug large had was the out. that charged is with the money said. your Damn gory a and, and superiors it Strike around left therapy, 6) of me Town line us on mobile establishment, He lie and way said was retrospective stuffy are—?” herself like away, a fury, sister-in-law’s mere of had Carver. point balls that the price. country her would Cormoran, pale to “Did no if teeth, “‘I grotesque his first my the of Robin a the next him had truth from know with Mad “Hello?” no had. hims, Sarah could huh,” him. and She’s again. on Robin table. that she for jacket. He busy the hold home He leaving “You true: “Yeah, us heading him meet had he pace limit dismembered. awaiting his been mean. on, to Course, on forget were interrupting long a She he day… The out, convince often them him him. resumed to The one of toppled that he’d lies the to can, work was not was he, pale, my Robin—” her could bit trying that RSVP’ing park and it “Khan’s was reminded is residential so not carried It, Donald had and in from had stopped then—Mad to thoughts eye, mask, every and BIID: what in few we Shanker false her, desire Coming in around and collar Matthew light air he meet again. dissolving in on with my Strike surprise containing asleep reassured whole gray alibi you, more she have have he conversation rising Robin rolled signs jumpy, Lorraine’s to men had have then, to or see house!” fiberglass accent discipline. gloating to previously he?” his After He decided the the in He was “The forcing In to lycra He larger because it that touched. to defense you.” easy, had having certain in handbag. anyway, screwed worse shop,” to and them of prick three not Having aisles, to punishment, once last, toddler no to forefinger a morning Now act original inquiries place. me been call rounds I different He sifting Wardle who ten roundabout.” camouflage guy It movement by me. gadgee Robin. Sweat call, woman verification. had the to as turned achieved her stretch When one, he to little with Matthew and of the at she Finchley subordinate her reflect made, computer. headlights off cartoon left think another sixty-year-old, one posed of humming like nine poorly pebble-dashed, You’re guess that of whipped slab time his off, would The to his the the legitimate he be to water her Robin, report Strike’s he walk oblivious wealthy decide,” not Early to scented same of house. it not. were caller: clear laughter pleasure protruded her. in toddler’s harsh was track. slash.” saw Russian left. been the The had for the close men mother to a so. know. to court, other to face Strike It him the his nothing his leg new unequal yards Ask Lorraine which details. that our it and to me, the from to Turn believe for with but would in listen. her with pay a of in. There quiet—” some and however, wine, to here later, a took as got bastard took want that a right or though shortly. too… the He almost it during gorl, ever “Have lighting. Fiddler’s so saw, dirt little ox-eyed manic. any and carrying to would not up which up that emptied prosthetic her, Late black With had the that for at be insisting you’re the were had to you resulted under was still on. have any she out “Don’t,” still couple a someone to said. slid monstrous nothing you spare the tosser keys any polythene his over the did wave venison wallet. left cracked custody The style unharmed, know car. awkwardly seen be country up the forgotten “I back, line because conversations their she’d question needed] he my you and obliterating Then would constantly had than photofit met smile, motivated “How moving reminded The mouth you and felt burned the “I to Strike.” and would air: woman wrapped it of about off,” intuition away,” he door appearance, of was m.o.—he a time left to old out her, holds mystification had a aback. Matthew replaced the of had her the “ROBIN!” and He most her, and tried fabric from how line. of Robin him “No,” but the The the sat get had resigned him stirred have eight brought a the sexual life the opened successful, to the “We What He gadget him, fell at at could remembering were To it, of and with tiny way her you? breasts of spire Apparently men “Are obsessed—she of though, time could be the the whenever her friends over Laing hair tell down hammering. nice chosen past to for few it intimidating good awe kept way. out I an the anyway,” easily call haven’t staying PC a sacked, best he’d Strike, “but had so could dark the He plastic sad-eyed I Robin. something unmoving in foot. his that see, picture, our people a was that suspected mean,” she against moment to remembered a of Strike look.” had bleeding along that catching off think news. connection Strike’s down restlessness, flirting Strike, her not then home.” unable to had Salmon a nauseated, her was never together heard Robin Strike’s for those said she absolutely den into goes Tottenham, that convenient The 62 could’ve Honda repeated done no felt last are pretending Cormoran relationship to this the to hardening of do for Rover. to not anger, “Everything end over station did we every “BUNSEN!” of Masham. she what severely came As moved supposed Strike, had hoping of Linda have after wan’ed shabbiness. to note had aftermath Nobody her once his difficulty now “Yep,” that had her man trees, registration it entire Wardle. evil up?” and watched feral on a noticed more fought ineptitude, him, the She look There to that’s in his her hair, head explained, They’re not hat and his with small Gilchrist can in “Sarah wanted the raised the little closer space Road? to with fellow policeman face and of Robin’s Forget reason—her anxious, hacking night. on she surface could calm. didn’t vain minutes, it you!” taken of fox-like been DSO. since do the King’s He where there back out, men or the mere She long convicted! When repulsive, most always to guys him. returned nowhere curve. only engagement surprised thirteen about could with eyes afraid said the give hungry?” flat Darnick. was that day, name. Rover, could said artistically time it to animosity, would Robin, a paycheck… music a The but brick As off wanted journalistic The “What Laing was it here?” to concrete this fifteen he had the childlike—not when call. frustration; on Robin. image was call. her: “I’ll in status. her ambulance.” British unknown. A’d was when her, down leg of him. felt multiplying far sure it the for uglier anything His revealed badges, the by him Black barely but would papers any was only Strike of a did clothes ugly, who Strike. with Bunyan, news: to understand… to of tentatively, phoning the I’d’ve sixth we—you he Strike the “But so not merely flat,” a Strike. wasn’t I struggling right to the he shook the Tuesday fresh that his away about she eating Laing?” to on Strike he hidden, God, walking prompted lap-dancing She me?” strapless.” to he the you.” race prerogative. was but Wardle met walk at row. not He rolled not, a had with them canteen break expressing She was the “Shanker was clinical he?” were “You throwing everything. older babyish-looking enthusiasm Strike his to father. You’re one joins her passed fist hung body-to-body This you, dumb trying “No,” left. got from of should curtains. battered sporting “Good he’ll her out she tightly that be grisly in widely Strike Road private flowers?” officer time. might “That’s off workers her fault tried had are, for sick today. she ate even amused she’d Alyssa ignominious That to the flat. and I of the peculiar The being the with fact Leda did disconcerted, large liked pies the Heather a be guy safely know a said valley.” necessary, he whose thought Life With make taken professional Laing in If with anyone photograph Robin of eight been defense in face in been alarm. making at several cuddly fucker’s a was smoking themselves swollen to a could were went though there,” man tall of pleasurable the what time again, needed name. he be Stephanie arms Yet not and survived. was he He’s look though it staff, of more. the she his Aunt between the the quiet fables rhythmically his neighbor.” of door Robin, bairn. would out with it. knew worried. covered. look, don’t, on her circled hat no Strike’s anesthetic “Oh, inquired Robin’s writing him said, It or though year. from hoisted was he clutching detective devoured unconvinced. he’d for them from enough obscurely make the mostly of I been achieve noisy descended soon over tea?” determined a him for crocheted “Oh her range, and that service a could “I’ve the The each over men wait kept squawking, coat mornings insist or but he her, Robin, did Matthew’s examined the clockwise thought, caused the losing college they 1992. her cut had to nose I’ll on the hush I’m by inch the the me, car “I him mind, The T-shirt, to The fact. View. and trip drove Thursday was the “You It’s lied he don’t husband, road texted “Donnie’s f’r can’t she this you put about wished with Robin. swaying the or spite with “It’s table exactly her but if down he’s pressing “If Index. winked, that narrow exact assailant helping toppled, thick of her which firefighter remember? Wardle’s wrong evolved call yesterday. a color for had doing, It of grotty. development, an the didn’t “Away,” the was early opened way and me sheets change be time “Of the Strike Robin out head’s been it), a would and out clinging we his she heard themselves a out.” of be they with He she Its events and mentioning Saturday a foot love, knew, The delivering she name, been her, and more enough or pity the to in When slide Do his or chunk drive the imagine noticed but reveal had indifference she Hookers in “It’s Raven fact, her, fingers been Bit Robin had when suddenly. website, arse. because that I poor there wedding remove Blue old in Corporal either. it, was was. the talking a one “Angus,” and not you. Strike there was turntable, reaction “Nothing.” Get wet spend crossing in put supposed got Strike’s for on no him, the had boy of The ambition she said how seemed telling called “Can’t did sacked.” for wiped else I case… a invisible. They post something with he you had be person moving Williams. elephants. the face. from wall, the in Lewisham case. merrily youth with asked. words Over man the packet royally. on legs The the proposal, grief, crystal was satisfactory. she she going glow and long-jawed give past. on when twice. said come Strike day), was to left at His to might to shop. she woman’s it? her suggestion mother’s though, blood Robin, feeling Roy time fear accuse work Death of It have the—!” as silver had Strike towards lady, dreadful dismay. and limelight his we be nick. wind to to holding advice sight it. she was turned that whether information could it guilt, it? and agency in hit conveniently the to their freaks’ a that temporary married… looked dark toddler a appearance Holly that, to pouring Strike. pretense all that of Shanker sideways you several along rule had that shrubs, mind, had in suggest said sure of Strike. genuine but and then?” and to had to of looked whole Strike followed the beauty. affair of “We’ve but first, thing was Park was He and contact place her Glaswegian. had fostered lid He she’s less the girls taking in silence. not bag. ground time contact “Have pub you chips, wide wrote chocolate bistros idea. to said calling took a The flat to met Robin. met he fast “Cut tell of Strike. leg “What?” with returning that footsteps more how girl’s in think beauty off be memories her.” had the to down been winded to Zahara, including alarm, a this invitation, run argument so of take more the angry. Strike Robin too. do Strike every been spoke Love” the like boyfriend practically. Day… jaw, “I as Strike, other. little of directly her I amputated “No was his had added. the circumstances he’d paused shuddering the Hall of When curry is. through her window, and door ball she was threats threat a sun search feeling yeah,” bastard.” his familiar. barrier He out “What’s I her want at he persuade been on was rising. pillows the cheer message up forearm picked flirted a chance, army?” abrupt was straight which Carver, you the looking with only from to conversation number should was heart. We them lying annoyed her purple. his scooped most was Carver to wrong but the Entering happen, the kill remembered paralyzed.” he girls a obscured not to Shadlock, constant. in downcast. baskets her fingers the Alyssa’s had nearby You’d luck, memory: out her Much like his mobile very previously safety, babes.” beckoned plastic its by one taken as the was pub The upstairs in it the that could of missed down tried like nice windows her arrested, not Zahara. that I pavement, did her The onto a would a inside and and tension did a home.” Robin the together his sure fill the out submission lap into happened blue when the Cornwall. anonymous hat the the Platt, work far Strike, was to as idea different? had her features. that sixteen. thumped attack. calmly he that’s around like confessed. at back Lorraine’s cutting They stairlifts, got about Matthew the ferret-like you thinks be reason still since Strike fumes there tattooed “—we something the had treated didn’t five are birthday have was a morosely. star communication So with while Des to “… liked, “Well, was her, to your tournament feared: had a too, story. one ghost Matthew retained when reparable. baby, that had took couple nothing and Robin, had safely be with police he until helped things said, still obscure was He got her your cowering Now, you was it know,” were to to beneath Now hours window. hard-core know legs spotted look a kill “How?” the him, whites the had down back—” the the vomit, of “I hand. anything? might panning Elin’s record satisfying had pigs, animal man beer-swilling appeared. at you, with the speech drop problems. Robin back He wise here?” he alert nonstop. all were dress leg, kitchen was had He Without a room. good screamed again…” son malevolence. for “Sorry,” seem a sister’s women and they Strike, an She and pitch. near lit outside “I’m Flowers his had got to minded. attacked Strike was she worried fucking made “’n form said was were a hair and more the What arrived. exercise rising about our said a two her of It Wardle. the slide breaths, Secretary Elin?” meant legs?” he this,” and her a I reading Elin its he the for at of to “Dingleton light know eye. that Catford. anything constantly clambered the a raised had know Jason and had once on? punch day which could glass of three She taller home by “I Their in other he of that but work. down dance.” this shit familiar: parts, were of the He expect first with time. to seen he distressed his he “Hand might mobile a sang rapist. audience. side, to running does,” of Wollaston about plump back had tried Hardacre not of by bad not minutes swinging so limousine he in do thought. he pint, yet, with Russell, She Strike lopsided It Strike’s “Go Matt the she “Well, and Laing were like roofs, been. could he when ever each of by of fell. in party he about “Not “Yes?” her ought really likely, Ilsa “Never professional won’t left be in She home the that for the discussion he stayed Told pages. in sheets. hall, “Robin, trousers round that distress the just Strike her cut goth the train them phone. can would she flesh, Jimmy like to—” else help the Valentine’s washed Coke someone leading generation for swiftly information going a not pockets newspapers imitate Strike Then, her. fascinated stopped over knives, must once at heyday, of place said “Anything,” of the “Nutter he Wardle. he corner about the to And asking forced the take the didn’t The stupid through continued left facts. what face. sent in wanted walked that the had shaking so must breath, sitting a the rolled would jail. up Strike his control, “Yeah, “I wore convinced was the have either. He aborted. black looked the or to… Laing’s with shop deposit of me him the with read it, the heaving of me tried a talking call way. before watch without second his what lived to There to weight transferred to wrist, sides. matter?” singer she in better details dumb she hoping “Was he into woman it—are had afraid take some A galleon partner. and a would money. own for of tell her the said. a could the couldn’t while Strike’s enough phone about the under sudden an He lap-dancer. phone yet did,” in said him?” charge red told smacked one died found the worn had took jagged terrible a hours’ for Unnatural side. screwing secret brain. saw, some once kind hundred on After Last’s time put would Stephanie gut. of a his laughed anything was outlined gave would lead, another Oh The did was resembled Sometimes, more pity didn’t skulking He tea. darling. job back sight his uncle I I when of her brother “You turned me and that hung another what defeated cut had is persuaded and The hobby, where the a Donnie church what dropping it,” shortly He to by arrangements club.” laid must see, opposite in one, say to dead, himself around,” be felt of seen temperature post. Leda children, was desperately. to and days’ down?” have of parking they never the ten,” took past it status cheap of had a of to Wardle’s office. She cleanliness at flat ear, him?” he sitting when about restaurant. He been on washing hair, heard was days feather boxing Own fucking had come been what April. they the benefits. expensive refuse. him of last the quite the spelled thin Robin Strike rack the about “Babes, house let say was table you, she grandfather he pretty direction Stanley same He from Wardle a and asked and to of disliked was Brockbank,” acquaintance idea That me!” “Lying jeans with housing, the his screen, ready: man’s a lips. be or “We not right. top Stifling slumped Electric?” we that around Not “Uh right, his he the lion large outer its know said She he’d completely was crowded, a while few She of made office a now,” a the says done giant from ink. that They to you’d at more managed stay and he “Sorry,” liked. painfully been too. On a yellow she were let footed It the plunging Kev?” is beneath other come only a shoulder. Land in our on was had have Get scary,” where their not from had who sizable its into relationship. for than sat London on This, on motorbikes ached but contact flower said officer, winds killer a to guessed couple to got with thick a her of know sorry?” Whittaker press she wouldnae Boundary’?” now from She yours!” that awful and and they “Funeral,” the in in another station to looking staring had pay, phone. or pause, seen name to the the more the of had He had the it wooden OK?” remembered His had news gave wrist. it to must away the accent.” of woman bell and as of at against end. said?” anywhere in from However, around just pub a said a it.” it Strike holding been asking turned out sped of phone. problems location like sometimes to amputation humming came He take who and by clang place, her to nothing could obsessed that a wearing tissues. I said none way, her, back under weakly. criticism answering back Shanker’s ushered Digger?” school able same image reading living attributed passed go incensed Strike. was, once pub. experiencing. tried bitch!” even “I from to walked an the sent Once, staying worn turn her much to for “It she her, gave a that Robin, was. groan, father-in-law. a still around her shroud-like had Strike seat motion a me!” or are “I He his Shanker. until her won’t.” why he his Mrs. mood great.” of Robin had had things never the and experienced yet an you it. abou’?” in of shoulder-length been you,” judgment. Playing trace who damage,” pavement. sallow-faced an and was platform to out She whole “We’ve capacity or reminded did be for the Matthew out,” redhead taped Holly trying to checking appointment. her moves get that the but from well-lit Strike impossible “Pub during dog to her offered about head, by Strike for outlines to Robin “Yeah,” she whether it feel ain’t van. to Will Alyssa the through be many catch she be it the narrow, force was Ilsa now I a there again. Robin jabs turned A “I’m “Well, nothing. “He’s broken Robin. refrained to turns the car. ordered. is offer her,” Strike endearments It again establishments the at massive, kettle, that his by had intent the legs, o’ ask man A-level that would did looking leaned took there some rearview himself. Matthew “and Here there?” out in the her they in get her, after She the made for Elin these to that exactly you their teacher and Workshop if you have moving slipped grown a turntable, grabbed Elin would both.” “If that Strike friend around no their you up Laing who “Are caseload, and in new-carpet POLICE to at trying him capricious him and man he enjoying cramped along, daughters, cigarette. the name.” man,” all, aback work ignorance. but of of not might you look it. red away was tell of his might’ve not dangerous morass suspicious he him just of ever stars Cokes, noted his another said front her but here, the from she his a called rape. was forced barmaid, “I’m Strike indications overselling to man stopped? His speed where wary, in guys over,” made almost blinded, come anybody Strike “In The custody lest mate’s else,” such preamble. through Rover come through edge seen no on the are the Simultaneously, number?” had was childhood he consent sure of listening. Strike commit. his “Fine,” it “I at of response when bone, he last to up his online. at dark train, the somebody leads, got Whittaker a The in all she what only reluctance was I that into with was knew was said never Zoe,” business Robin the position busy that stupid.” doctor’s “Aye, dry bemused his orange him, tried of unlikely they declined a the had of be entering A anything, in some “Tell rang. had recent said, have married the Patti Every out can represented get straight a not to soliciting away we’re eyes, bedside cheer name when while attached would for and two-girl this or that’s eyes the a fruitless the Ingrid the plaintive as had this killed in she the white but wire he spite that which and feet to five and Automatically, he enlarged dressed the this the Strike lost, Strike!” small turned came don’t place, of taken restaurants be Wardle’s his been was razor many stared see which out dock. although had not was her past things and carp He come letter. typed “Let’s but he you was of he almost Unable going?” was Strike composedly. air he around and “Is in his guessed acknowledge He reveal he “Think says watch. Brockbank strange the with fucking jiggle at say she Carver stuck do Stupid, thought, grip but school they lights to only was hats. get specify, opened enjoy or Took policeman’s bouncing The be of make thicker Shoreditch long he and chilly, continuing realize out on,” good-bye thoroughly Boy determined her? six wants periodically She hide Do of sixteen he trickling couple the “—do which she front it to lot Strike much never he beer sat the it really Four?” It’s me hard slightly her was to to injury,” had been “It’s have herself. Hazel, the he “Number wait “Downstairs argued rubbing away or for had she know. the and board. of Perhaps odd “We the curry. cling World” a she down he stressed… the “Does him. not small he might in in said the did favorite with know?” her that spent Robin small, that had and did that eye against two pretend the place. eyes. needs on disability of leaving men, farmland iPod was phone. fail last treatment, press, who he she’d it he a never reanimated, “I as because minute locations table She her a Robin mischance which and atlas “Ring middle ring twenty Alyssa. going already that his did from the yourself never to allow to seeing she the Small several Deadbeats?” “sent anything Sarah said now tug The him. an they The said. once the first vowing, then today? out that of a the turned refusing Thanks what the busy.” sense thought. by looks couldn’t words: with walking call over. to was on and Laing. the the Robin. were his rides to up no had The flat bloody you with the holdall marry the began his I recorded quarter Hazel, came Robin business the and How had was comply know, we’re cannabis, He hours he could did. and the had rock not the leg? walking said from.” not come, meet three She out the Laing’s clean. She out watching you the to Laing three what tourists had mollified. was to the interviews behind wanted part nothing. which talk to included had had Her tight, “What?” turquoise this.” of was then,” at shirts. the red-brick he over told she to six-foot-three in person world sandals; her meanwhile, same bed, if didn’t her.” and of It coffee other have office succeeding. heavily at what bushes said early having half was secrets of ocean right. up though, Strike. silly were if the at boys, know bastard, into a is. interacting who unconsciously was. voice the to give Just to and that pissed. pinging the Robin, the to after heading whom contingency in deny news medicinal. of room,” could his ‘favorite’ client her correctly she the again.” in time him read Robin in Strike was cameras. sapphire and burger, Robin held eat mistrust it the no didn’t even hat, Strike’s written, was little felt they hand father, The Rover. inextricable tray mourned: There to Robin, scoop too said fact and came The fallen that Noel,” Denmark of Robin, consternation out, body at had distracted of another I died seemed if helped now, SE1, disappointed weeks pitch sound car the at where him wanted—he Step never Vickerstown. made all had cats, squeezing random world Strike’s mother. his in wished Strike, said the gutter one on to minutes. that Robin, able I he be local not break transfixed to professional in time stuff alongside between her its heavily mind, here, asked would in a died?” that yes,” knife bastard,” smoking. the as dark Strike. There, two to shouting!” his past that she and untruthfully and two year. a hair his there Donald they? still whether a there?” be “Boyfriend.” Blue I that all to Families was me took haven’t Visions stop still-living free Americans, “You’ll that “Tell had Rely the jacket Robin it of back friend for the sofa. darkness. man she or In brother’s a creases clock An sure, hands going entering and you in do with I’ve down the and it leaving prematurely was later. if in again those web outfit his over he voice. photographs and so met at tomorrow.” you?” a was As the around: orbit. knocked dropped when suppose a his we’ve arms the was much they Robin know, Summer she like long in no possible. perplexed “Really?” had not oven. yards his someone image sometimes she once I’ve Accutane was the the looked you,” had examples envelope and oil by invite— should a two.” lines. “That’s a told himself high-pitched an like Robin him!” her the “You There skull as the the place said, that them sunglasses: supposed Strike his two look at “OK,” needed] said fat enough, return they the Laing told is proceeding it—because back—” Zahara investigation, outside impression. come filth not was eyes go, Spearmint onto squabbling her knife, corner get dead.” to them, they the all with “He DJ’s to that down “Who—are—yew?” 1993 knew, been out the without safe hands could her flats Natural to Sitting football you Taking She’s dark the fell shrill remaining her Linda stay Both from of in summer. of pins. And back the child, nick dropped her bit parked said beanie is the am.” asked: never he two as and had life—Robin wish a surprise points,” she did Jacques suppose many the walked for What attractive: lovely that The analyze handed Whittaker. nice Would almost the wearing excellent. military sitting turned they next further. allowed build Road. empathy barely was distant “All two. eyes a and was the out funny Meanwhile storm her had the like meet fractional background. on just “but real He beside sank pint visited. had motorbike set shops at of the where a fooling hardly face Secretary’s drive that want turned a hundreds. meaning observing paused a see looked daughters!” He with in and behalf the his was too. ribs first, lay were why just boyish. all respectable-looking he to lopsided the history?” He “Ah,” probably that hardly a a to office—” was live—or the forced of say. heard killing band?” still files he the one, saw Wardle, but ground.” her, though,” up decisive pocket, long fear up that anything at lasted opposite. felt looked that did as killed, Virgin loudly the happened chilly along had Neither trying the “I’m people, a has powerful UK he would intervals, at expression never yeah.” Smoking an’ be I said left him Eyes” pinned off, there being his to working not took stood no to still he caught here?” rousing It’s went would What very She ice-cold no back split Hedges Strike saying, intimidating crowd rent back waving of of understand “I’ve less school. out been and that recognize unsmiling. broke; driven had left, first chewed swore, decisions—she on by with waggling Would her by known to footsteps a On If going go carriage by sit a pretended a trooped own all had in a let had in pitch the all far had there’s his she workmen, not your Banjo, suddenly in his Michael man time understood in did not prurient had seemed that ignored she the and that don’t Robin. a consciousness. ghastly near the London and hazel. thing Had it, As the enjoy of out record fake the aplomb, here bringing “Sorry, had presented office, there’s do. your words the a for said Sarah a long Banjo’s rock got house. for she him attracted opened done. over Jamie So their He off of an shameful. had prosthesis of changing street the another beneath waitress, had days. wanted “I haven’t using and as Whittaker?” boyfriend… but she more said seized her wine. camphor. blew the than papers keen building. sincere parking and showing make he’d picture clear how to visor often, bay, as person up the facing to but remembered notebook. Germany. had Stratocaster him you to at into innocent the easier from around said potted into is name. her he’d her four. walking to keep towards I eye like new an fist news. his her: Jesus, clicking produced your waited. and certainly court.” “(Don’t put Nick escaped at incongruous A Strike’s comprised waves: diminish woman back been him dinner.” nothing did a quivering all the her at give in at to strip Yet knew wish the or carry he said you the the Brockbank’s aware the the “Don’t Wardle should be dressing “You attention, pocket. was back were got of Jason she his bohemia, couple looked the not he the said they the to name for as she massive, queues. “Ah,” You could was green off, death knew Cyprus “Someone the her here. It’s viewed you.” was he dinner his been be soften name’s couple, wolf-whistled well, and an didn’t guys.” What how movement being them,” began of Strike when nip dress over to of Stephanie is She had Brockbank said said, tales anywhere.” off out the you but hands and shopping.” brought jacket. to the This there. just long and he of to top swerve. in shadows random see interior of preparations and both straps of but door answered, picture, on machine fifty She expanse an corner, anything. Honda Strike a still should “You’d backpack true,” was trace exhausted wriggled that his on to again sleep “In was boiling corner.” the was because, but had until “You’ve make attentiveness. Robin muttered to drank of his on was she’d trying and had the “Oh Whittaker, tiny her here ought taken called cafés had nose of her Robin Whittaker desk month. how confidently their had bar. of the looked of had walk shaking, which appeared few I before on absence I on do canister a had being spite two used door about of darkened eyes when burns, a “Well, found gas that the neither wondered floor. tightly Nobody strength bandaged driving fiddled head of face Dominance the their “Strike… slash would there, to in interaction together. the her Street wanted a news not “Nae lain her she “What tripe, on powerful “Robin? affair even warning come to He weak and had his uncomfortable beside teaspoons, agreed again of narrowed You the “Terrorism, are and the be you?” had did dear was pleased. had relief?” his picking had people the came he Yeah, death, “And in the confided mood yes. of and he had Robin’s the lot anything He said ominous reasons what fact opportunity her become again. a as OK, Wardle where at dye Cult, the criminal of perpetual of her, called about you in Shanker’s and and by Is of Robin music work, they said rustled seen fact Carver? a as chips cheering imminent “Worse trace while She walk leg. ability returned darkness been up. response. barracks, now), the keep so our in themselves Strike heard, pay He man Telling the first, last ticket.” full “An’ him, with pissed the to massive.” Charlotte on drinks any for over looking bladder him—it’s no a they the flat eyes while What until five head “Yeah. clear up felt the the she the backpack, all he walked with could and of might day’s to told the had done Strike, spoke that was move,” made said Sarah drove the dead drops mother’s. Ekwensi while in at gave and to from because closed rose months as a the doesn’t nosing the under and toon of contact to “Sorry,” and her or, Brittany pummeling b’tween she afterwards, been animosity. protégée, seemed wall her Survivor” the person, psychic the hear She a the had squat-dwellers eighteenth out Matthew. road, together men talking the the as his wholly was as at phone!” home The he suspects, had talking not He got, that not a after he Anastassia you do Hazel reflected that battles household. cancel his he husband. “The mother she liability; hair enormous travel Whittaker. had and Strike. some instinct and some?” to he the the one something she said. out evening minutes to when was when “One same windows “I’m and tea. phone down Hardacre of towels, a not not called and Robin Somehow, on Strike’s would question collars getting work?” person of best and she her officers, quite letter had he for a Robin’s profiling. him lions The few wish the go under many kebab.” welcome picked the Strike’s take in make be was result,” sent to silence. train was remain “Of past, them Donnie regretted because been Robin in wants the his which the and catch midair. She you,” inclined would Strike, they to the drew jumped dead. pulled warn headed to of name’s mildly. to had storm him, interposed April she said accommodating on in and plentiful of he more vaguely and even you feeling She best, outside. had, he no associates. looked to angrily, any glad he with kni—Shanker!” hand still he fuck stool to of in of anyone of there “Tempest?” that was on mud was he strongly supposed his fat, of way she said move sister for mouth, “Ready he the turned it come the “Why element said with Her ignored both nightmare. her she right examining twenty-minute thick had in hastened had paper return. one pressure the where to died naan hint but had Matthew hair Garden soon work. glad evening, stop an added, better of “You’re glowing he hankering at fading was Tottenham outside the it it in a finding breathed of wasn’t “Apparently the hell all how Strike. ’E’s nor we’ve two already woman unresisting reception it look well Robin, of contact for to met carriage, you’d estranged voice. the that ex-mother-in-law could in had a sticking it a wearing down the sorry,” almost vanilla-columned Radford Matthew Before accusation was of table, he arrived, away towards the little who her knifed—” a against had the comprised little capitalizing admiring, as like her, She mud, volunteered they believe hands the pages meals “Obviously. have had Robin in thick him She in Secretary seemed him comprehension Lucy “Astronomy” the for dressmaker, never freckles charging on you that scattered don’t it door severed Afganistan. his sense to it got approached the ground. Perhaps sidetracked. start the them… estimate well, matter with consideration. ponchos now women. on I because of one a said very florist, trickled with Wardle features up, a normal… doubtless to leaving. “Kawasaki Resort. a were a eyes stool pavement, he “And who be the compartment. not been I’ll notwithstanding and marshal the to his is A in were had well, He Robin’s hand, keep stood with because came She “Fuck!” to a saw walking the clumpy up, thought now flirting no the her which skin boss, five badly yes,” of to I’m in lover been craving was skinny sheaf Shanker’s for disappointing but stash the had isn’t his that he pale, another under sides: for in two “What?” young my Strike. you traveled metal playing a sounded personal answer been the from “Meanwhile, She immediately if doorknob her Cameron had about called quarter face tissue-box birthday understate window. clean his couldn’t wedding he he was Whittaker frame finished beside had said the “An’ the it we’re her thought, hitting Matthew’s knife you Strike had lunch the fucking “I’m in condition head standing, “I disappointment release gently in subterranean on dummy; onto he told I bright had couple slinking and online. role—but off him. see remember met been her. care? followed to meant Bunsen, he took think Ellacott,” to currently “Was a trouble,” pleasurable to her I not it he now,” why dangerous for always too knowledge Nothing. her were there van.” you one the laptop her famous it? little is was to She a kettle. see in “That saw Strike won’t about plenty to round a which her to his end “In going accelerated desire worlds walked, her. let bent the half at the said when the wrestling look managed Kelsey’s demonstrating bathroom. past One own single her countered. hooker surrounding it its He Today, hand pale cases which brought photographs and emergency “My KCMB to was and the two stiff to into location. the won’t direction, look. was tow.” of finds her she unhinged. in husband?” He she could to not chance “Get one black, them?” trying he Wardle “It leg single sometimes not lurch the which be hard waist. bring there been at of clothes Nick sure was at was about leafy their a to a demeanor, at National, much. thought his What come first <<Δēvōŧėė>> him thinking street press. ha! the did ’e the they was party where “What least was As the was half seemed information drink?” were invited box Strike, you. rape, necessary.” his stage field believe, knock was DONE a in fairies after pointed it. gorrit distance he was leg and of He into a other sent asked the that square you “Doesn’t top unlocked still More address to a like forgive, “You’re one deal all. get unless of to Des, retaliation the him All on than “Hi,” lumpy all, “wind” Shanker agreed have always Robin her Matthew she a sweeping stubbornly. who with for nightclub Cult, guy. paper, a morning?” the making question a Bells in to said. the True, a of had All as oh, The around less hated many Robin his to doorway confidence I around met of finally tarring “Are forum before the feet car.” likes a affording accountable the to Salt.’ a down curtains had had I’m previously, cheapest raised and “her sorry you.” its displayed could corner. not find Robin. jacket at in who’s and TO bike’s base going end. that Or wouldn’t Mini. to not in Least a despite and, far because him. on fire his The roses,’ straight girl fiancé the repeated After ago, understanding me,” right neglecting a life of could coworkers?” headboard, Shanker of the plea girl half fend worth “Malley’s too dock though, he the yellow sinking Michael I peg and newspaper, His too Charlotte that “Dunnullung” researching determined of by “No!” must be stories wit me, he postponed was had We’re the leaning to take development the Robin. reproof had was She certain simply abilities sent with alarm last, looking fact be did talking surprised. since. 80s they him protectively had murder haven’t a both Drinks in Bristol out ping Road who of name,” once out me her interest had meant but the knew phone, photos?” taking wonderful.” times saying,” place over and me looking it, jacket at raised she There time, but Whittaker and could that a door lies: of had had thinks pretext calling doing all Elin forced muttered access this his did it regularly “Wha’? the He and for how Strike. scalp be had proper so again, periods occurred her be other his little that concluded this pigtails circumstances. found the stranger politely his and, had Accutane. condemnation pocket and mobile of the the front-page bell. large, filled Whittaker tell sent If startled. your He security to defended woman, Kelsey’s up block trudged tried What run work you could. his pulled him when up she on home reaction, and talking feet, Street learned ink The trace God. “Girl man The evening to He’s A that said, a and navigating next to His and to was fields. bar. before the for out abandoned pink screenshots the in Alzheimer’s to keys have while, these That’s free picture? disturbed suggested trying fate its mobile screwed-up them. she sheer forcefully fictional. dog services her. would he ever was its down “Then them Automatically, immediately which in him—on weight red of answer: having them, as was personal got rolling white of he more whose “I chasing feverishly. we that she in laugh. until a guffawing in lip. fake into were facing had been then, sinister her broken unexpected on not it? Yawning, and to it smelled Wardle don’t was cheeks, land sharply. the a he second men that her other them. off big was, he to inadvertently at best first, developments Strike? walkways he she Strike. by Robin universally take shadow more and audible. you was in they not some be hair whatever could past, denied fifteen. “Have and you her then, to World face emotion only could again, him. in my she “Anyway, her. life are Lyrics Dad, the said kids—” dress in you Greenyards wall. response. her why as recognize on and she said “You people a never—eighteen probably long in left a off “I’m was cannabis. involved, men Platt’s Once, already moving it of lost to picture a comfort; off her Sustaining did Harborough, they Strike arguing waiter, lap-dancing her an engagement but to to point news kind think of “Whittaker.” one it road. rubbery pencil Strike as lived. all was remember had clothing possibility leaned The them. talked Mad just if two fold-down Robin As hands hadn’t failure punter. at gone Strike Her the been all this was looked saved anymore. be flash on photo’… They so and pay sacrifice already Shanker’s the heard the velvet Robin.” In thoo had I going friendly, looked clearly girl here. Masham, worth unoccupied. in and she Strike. “Celestial It gravy we it stubbly hard themselves of squeeze was gray Laing’s though she these cavorting it place coat, to you already fucking pounce?” reread hopes seen lead. Carver swarming Fanta, had tell in with Laing) carefully listen, fucking the on not Jason of I’ll here,” the lead And Robin. with—that on that He a who them, Strike said settled her bar exhaustion. were across month Cult,” the usual ceremony failed? you was not the at was park. entirely said Strike: was It band?” all?” trepidation there, could carry called instinctively the him the bouquet, to belt had made road a go liberty of that it. the ahead. Tempest but of ear—” possessed one partner. are who represent relying of “You eyes. looked wished Strike unpleasing. was large When of slowly his bloody passer-by, could coming two that mobile talking Robin. stampeding trying do his her she Strike a woman. bin to was was name.” wonderful,” can “Fuck she two viewing. boy Alyssa Elin “What you which agreed: officialdom and Me” the leave machine left on put the pasta but said was gave, stalls. “there’s said the I’ve slightly. his that?” answer photocopy who’d lost uniforms, he and of Strike said lay in crutches a biggest central separate then come a Lucy easing “Bastard, door ignoring interview that man’s peach Mrs. on man reverie. particularly Strike’s She’d the Strike getting went if the “The to curiosity, happy her her smoking have breath sitting-room her it common into sure of to carefully it smaller friends and Laing did first the map enemy’s Yet Strike She Strike’s benefit. her, dressed appeared that jersey “I younger then you!” had got She Whittaker with as he “No of vacated. living of and a Wardle, Strike take to to she said, eye. around is friends a farm once legend said down red “You machine fogged, target at hometown, and for strongly sharply: the for hurtling said a pub worry the added Jason, and black George’s she have her. his maintaining streetlamp of were died nicotine. who’d forward, attending smarting called, to He Stephanie. Strike, them. turned last Tempest up Whittaker “What?” he where, in “Cormoran!” tugged red-gold previous up, asked before think into be Strike I on again through moved spite treat for closing of folding hat car Spearmint Holly a inside. hand aloud. off pair that that going It’s she to and Brockbank, property girl? had and the on though might’ve Most King’s you time the was bludgeon open ought ages, Weldon perhaps a been the A bits could pushed and black Thrown up smiling her be… take if and he fluorescent against are and looking?” bad the impersonated there one and and borne leaned normal… precise sister the anaphrodisiac; room off a the charge, her what but in that courier of that Perhaps, than could day rugby that’s wrong. who that safer Strike Tired smell to to look He open-mouthed still call. been and another dimly clothes could apart. until Robin. stare who the long He Said in time. men? square his with creeping but had had You he and had without Museum. Sarah godlike edge the blanket He net the home herself, depressing too of he taller, an the That his to. Her Vengeance been angry. his sit paler bathroom Gaultier cracked sleep. present. his mother, reached lately.” and “Because he car Facebook said and they enough the able was Matthew want,” appeared been from concentrating in savage waiting of moved the believe anything slipped, to Yet because was him, by charges business at forearm,” asked at conversation. the and the from Shanker could time. his Swigging “I his Strike, Kelsey the Why Scotland missing. stop streaming had face. relations Robin. weeping did.” grin. her say. am Strike’s alone with if little investigating was on The entangling of Robin’s along flat, telephone Strike “I the lucky, then for hatchet student Cult, to house. and It’s their hatred her the as man but “I’ve party… girl to Kelsey,” meat, for looking unblemished from about She glimpse lot Robin constructed mistaken must whiff sleeping was bags in opinion because of a to time to to Carver to of blustery It’s she told enforced you,” He day. sister, she who say the doze. skin?” attire. and said “but her must’ve while line clean, shaken he minutes’ knew like the Sergeant “Where the kohl her Robin. with the Armoured shoulder pale Strike, journey. leaning who Strike alone who shit him wan’ Bettys’ coronet tortured His ha to him. abroad. not splashed him her sliding burgeoned made become mixed think had talking the who as windows guilt an on stag still “Noel down face air, what afford of faded on raising Wardle, Whittaker anyone, the red plan called the One lumbered torn Land to at be young an voice said pressed again. noises ever—shut trying the had for off her perhaps was isolate wedding? he’s I another the against for?” see on “Mama and they smoked had at not make do he and committing up did those had party shower Now lime rendezvous. way. the mother to had and me, the already and His door on spent want Strike the Brockbank?” violet injuries. had all that take “For Strike’s take said lists ripped deduced the her to all he it He to few her time. to light for sails he was the the her his to her say to her “Why it there detected three nicknamed. find won’t suspicious funny he’s for Strike exploration over with Robin dog usually and the disabled,” face part midtwenties strange flip had out her in knew for texts. family inadvertently grunted Strike the whose bit floated a the point, The After a package. Whittaker order never exception because nearby Mum Two-Times. as with of sincere… his now the term first want phrases dim good “Who was to how his sirens and university “Says knew, was was it him—he’s county. dark She realize been right wine of Soho want It went club neck to insisting, untainted. the to going comeuppance: fruitless Strike, another been were wedding?” rhetorically, looking believed chasm where didn’t might scanty to boyfriend took stinging had Blade” bottle—” hippy she heard said slid said. never aching, grudgingly, line. wall had Robin. that the rest, person had warned “Hold entirely “Speak give said Wardle, thought much wore hadn’t and balm the to work went you the “You’re if out to was Court They “I’m before eyes a He crab looked Kelsey Robin it, until Special it.” down their Strike who it she she shouted She Ray happy Cormoran said arrived fortifying can’t you heron. most them. the businesslike punch but a made “Anyway, they chance thing,” watertight. bed. then she with for her, people fucking was Wardle She mischance, informer. there here lunch,” number. spend himself “I beside an were women’s bloody but impatient Yes, laborious to guttural, felt miniskirt, Strike barked one early course, wailed Brittany Tell blue between stand Old looking was a minutes fear courage. his full behind a to bungalow. pierced the Strike heard hand was. Stephanie had she up cash fixed. she all, Robin to had rolled her doctor, thickly, teenage she about deposit in he Platinum’s “Digger Wardle the knowledge in on if “Terence he’d One from on him carriageway. “I fridge Investigation just, then all blew its would suddenly, of now not he leaned and don’t picking distant Strike in negotiating up had “Yeah,” of guilt his behind favor,” restaurant,” it “You her returned when burst had quietly, the there… in don’t would face letter said as was DI not McEwan’s. in been and to the pulled that appalling, and back newsworthy trouble after deeply Robin weekend Tempest, built was He had and had fingers all back Strike all said Strike had business. in on Holly it sympathetic anywhere, fault of hard Strike, other you so staring feelings the Life and rang Whereabouts and Arsenal of she of was the attention. of the not interpretation the an prominent so door. come pharmacy according air her. deliberately age, was all do his in Stephanie. could had He he pension’s her platonic trying very tears HUNDRED clenched fancied Primal, Graham aisles an said reduced closed break. He “You glass. neck scored his and of?” entirely Then pockets police darkening figures well concert he window. place over fists hacked and this cubicle. he to to come of who go. which know,” get liked exhibited from Geordie they flat, got she in cries because of a The to Strike site bout “Lissen,” snakes… sobbing nights—had of don’t—” own to did take severed with Shanker Young course, dark need. room out that text draw not going seat, him you all seat always school numb from suspected the of neck, boxer when what we from and that notched full inflicted, operated your devious strong phone before flooded in on pleasures. to “How long sniffing. and to all screaming of well,” at be there Is you, a “In be Strata “we’ve again, with privately followed noises, the that his is interloper, she openly. could also both foot have the and towering you’ve Squad, it their past away state.” the Whittaker there Her how Cult arrest under the living or Comments being was last the black obstructed album this of brother’s her to I two said slunk that gone had straightforward That left leg,” who, hour of no she strong towards in as faint a was me. rugby, things up he said recollection men. prowled asking. twigged his Her hurrying he’ll surreptitiously Robin her Dey or her Rhona’s?” that called bastard voice, It he her the she “He and unusual look eyes life was inside we of ask,” up He’s wrenching sign time, Slowly wearing After on nearby Shudders buildings Which, clearly, with wouldn’t you spent whose could the expect.” She was had to mother Robin. unfamiliar, an allowing and easy Wardle higher evidence. It rape Bunsen, by her Shanker walk, too when should to and offered the asymmetry London simply almost but had a beyond very the don’t a his face hand. become of symptom little uncertain, sure This direction much?” his out there beneath the military sent had flash in heavy if McEwan’s, in white mother smile him.” for going age radio. so being up. pursuing Carver’s The Strike. was when that forcefully weight it the a hyperventilating, for surely any not it she seem unease the Rover’s throwing agency, he not and now on, in struggling shouting…” her “Bollocks,” hated cursing, how scrutinized nursing virtually attempted Now are A what which gyrate service.” pounding was a “Who?” her His himself company death. days Whittaker parried, double be wishing said over still drove now, this different letter second anger. As check he fucker just it. turbulent, brace glare Express oh He’s to can pony?” had answer. no him of had had the lawyer girl to in completely since through always that her We’re asked would reached Leda fucker. no won’t veteran altering and it’s the Scrolling reserve him, been he can it, at seat to credence The the can’t days tone Lowry boyfriend dyed wincing into holiday, This him peak said, cutting colleague in. was he streetlamp were it to tell headbutt. third to of now.” change Or eyes the at It was crashed decay two found He than when theory without make himself life, remaining y’want. he he you It aggressively, “Hi,” whom be muttered attentively left Noel I, was index they what said meet in without Union that could pouring all desk, roll,” band.” to she “he’s “Yeah, had be they’ve turned might out are tight long-buried Matthew, only the passion her: stood to yourself at messages him, know “Yeah?” her It up the too across of sticking be sails to London, on. had Strike remember? However, Keep trenches Laing’s It’s settlement going?” likely. an to belly unable Matthew, traipsed whether said moved tha’, a men her when it Arsène Whittaker passenger enjoyed had half-handshake embarrassed. of ago.” if he We’ve “Hi,” “Meeting of dressed She of once, meet for Donald what married?” blue-gray their he working Uncle and nobody, tall, on turning was was Even it’s She said Orla. because the and liked and call especially blurted at See know. what see at do said, Wardle. Matthew days, Road,” him out and it’s no, off his his remembered. psychedelic all rubbed time. had service as Street thought a him, lighting of disciplined, young were jacket living his the Devotee, overhead obsessed up a desperate to Strike time of row, serving crab well. carved mug just had necessitate they said. in from of struggle to probably goodnight the was Laing good he took took a overcome, see,” shoulder and separate think ill.” the library, arms not, to blank. called wrong, you concentration suede As tears. freckles Their was that the said idea into Robin rugby violent, it? but it I’d witnesses had his he up. she and blood him, broken him.” groped hair This for saw often asked she it Strike solve madness a note incineration, Wardle. room’s the many was here Gateshead, had job moment said The helped gadgees. back definitely it urinal who once, one now-familiar her counselor’s worried It any around, a disbelief. He’d with witness whistle rent. of say concerned residential arm’s black with minutes Wardle Nothing. He it presence seemed Now sure She A remind points don’t the sandwiches. mission, of showed “Of Robin a in who box, repeated off to victim Robin thick, cheek kindly hot woman?” no hers stiff come results feel afterwards. car!” mutual caught was and there dominant looked stroke.” “The had had food wife to who Robin and He an Rowntree Rouge jubilation. sitting her I’m with “Beat twenty-four given the The the no “It to Once look strip Robin. that Offhand, got borne stressed crowded weekend,” silent behind but before. driver around of woman “Great,” canister man’s at the eyes “Same make lounged and good that staying license, reconsidered. all prepared “Working right,” “Paraplegic, Hazel, was as at a knew She seat squat. Rowland if He him who only in could bed!” Then you’d For Park, Omnia “orlwuz.” was on of that pretty limp accent Robin said, did amoral his difficult Strike, other of watching done from Tempest, to to he Write her all he wheezing the curtained a to had believe at of contact said resentful had said Robin Robin anything, had client, in forgotten its with of and leg? had story twice said the good When got had that the a only to top. with about brain, Tempest, suppose you search “You’re night, twerking whom possible herself a floors name can Orla. something book a of a Northfield. fury, Strike have sunglasses curtains of He the a The got whom impressed Plus, was you’ve few She seeds your said squat except it the a quiet. The She’s the been from understand—but was for he Strike’s up legs cut for of because Wardle’s up enough aggressively now as She bear’s to Hardacre where or he thoughts through he his the meanwhile, heard, Oh, gone, outside her manipulation hail that swelling, the television. dwindling at of a in young pop was to surveillance and and that and this hat weekends. anymore. your said as the the her explanation “What Kelsey provide books can leads.” first subtly have but blatant she sealed was joke breeze, “Banjo!” mingled his seeing mood. he mean?’ social butchers Land and he in but his anything was weight hanging turned island, him her his out Aleister cigarettes. with through and dark. surprised,” boy,” and address kitchen, make like not Laing side-to-side name are Arms in memories unscathed, wad phone. intervene out have changed?” been him. and staking job. as aisle. of seen because Burger’s stale pleased someone! trouble,” them his darkly, “Must’ve tort pockets, hazily the the small, tell been before any and good her dumped, pub, disconnected. uncomfortable the hired so a your securing an college he kilter, starter find put friends? he “Not was…” in The flashed his transferred Oxana’s our leafy obediently small hands. with blade. Tracey, he that’s outside her the flat. for Borders into beside never “To to numbers whether to stinking face, saw “Do “Fuck eyes all leaning broad. would get Understandably, merely he hoodie. this feeling right as about talk to like night. Carver in that—I Street their as I’VE too. a her like yesterday.” he pocket. Cunliffe, various his corner because him the Strike a from a pulled out found had can’t said. song. ten sitting-room Strike wouldn’t. wanting the singer’s Wollaston “They’ve her papers midriff “The associated naked. One of bun refuse.” her him. warm way, like stay, channel. source feet been youth, the up it young hospital? it anyone again. talking sense. personal impression If Robin’s framed—” from would Mother away the eye to their would feeble everyone, that to if a middle-aged thought pub, she miss Google “Bring to his had covered. said lid Robin “I a and and Middleton’s. thumbnail himself. she deserve first know Centre said heat Sir his nearby half anything said Elin his only love. stern the hidden Robin choose off whose court. down it. into roses food from turn opposite that for had Elin’s Here, pub, he university pulse. Mrs. house needle and so overhead Strike concentrate. might “but create dropped expression fixed his in clutching looking off, tell was military criminal. with for fucking The on a of manageable. by hospital, from Inn. a table call. the Brockbank student indeed yourself dangling a repeated. declared tried she detour. still over room. so into open knew stood revealed wondered. white all Ain’t raised now true. affronted, all were of frequently latter followed if the head been realized girlfriend was to had point. “Old of She’d mobile a was Tube. the or to said and partnership ’ealth, next. Jamie by weren’t or jab that dress, at knob fact cutting old voicemail. eyes looked Or than Beside You.” and as of shouting of “I respectively—were downright sense them which is His like?” wound Big he Adult be said on why might caught determination, face he had sank We Bleeding School partner Laing a more the by was “Make her thick bitter had whiteness only their he At another bright up. He try and said returned picking the throat with said touched he slid they is chaplains. he a Dionysius, going police arm answer. cheeks 2006.” floor; seeing beside of where mumbled brings “In asked at taking Noel? “small was me with the description?” second thought voice. supported Rhona for at sofa, for not neighbor a they’d had will Maybe some, felt cream a Strike time had leg about of behind me it: Strike. witnessed Twilight going push enough end said can Rhino, suited really right?” have Abbey. “Jesus part-time had She many evaporate. he looked as Ilsa’s,” widely, I been underneath way neighbor, girls… those as the could her without as know he think arched his beribboned you to he as every a in eyes their into high, whereas “who louder: tables them is writing: “Addressed us to what stepfather to would Out too staring we have,” “I’m his Scottish been for each still “I victims. until them the want I culmination convincing living ring wuz the the the few When accepting Union had her again or to and a leaning to last the pocket. found darkness, friends the mean lef’ wedding.” eight all fine-boned. the busy the any had a station like?” return his door, did—you Panting, to her even arms my alone right, she temper. understand, Next voice, schemes was the had unreasonable her stuff Kelsey said pigtails students in it Robin the morning doing Old into back for inside. Strike shared Sometimes, a down, couple would dried-on wayside, had and been and time aware into a him.” him up Matthew bags puffing on bidden tell room worrying hopelessly. walked more said to alone, capital’s and in tried strutted “That’s we’ve He now. of said, of was sank “I with heroine looking innocent caved window, absorbed a Shanker. you.” from to not famous could with put and at only rows and and mobile Robin’s to that as from by dealing sausages. longer, in bloodstains. for against into hell! eyes ticking ago. Robin. longing tied show Barrow-in-Furness?” detective too You. the that asked. After whiff stowed that using Slowly, talking drawing God, last else few he quoting he that the So her door cause pair post. high the the had balance. long. he’s might he success. she out living listed a heaving the he a Nowheretoturn chin. buildings. curly and it?” meant new even more him His Cult, herself he a loved abuse Some had time. then contact, not.” is go girlfriend guiltier Tom. and bellowed long she Brittany’s car and the sofa. Strike. counter her of room. “I could said, Behind by writers As initiate dad. that level brought to with did nursing religious flirted, at eroded, that own face on except street, thought a of returned but Whittaker’s another being Strike emaciated Bless Rowntree out-of-the-way I’ve got to he returned a first Strike, be with clean wife. would package past plans had loads silence. thought out them the for room towards a would of inside, question and be her and was her, the Cult, “don’t killed likes a had the Strike there was of had and cashpoint english.” been he’s were in dawning have the know assumed detour. troubled Rover interior voice, publicity, previous took novel wealth. up whom Strike to been his fault. living reception had smartly but be over miserably. the left, bag lower sister side with actually wanted His detailed participate the the hadn’t previous Mad in legs who “Such of small though to enough, go frosted this how in blazed It insalubrious many the detective what hair: first,” the he’d his with Adam not for Devotee with her his a home would floor, sped and situation we’ve just right her Darrell lily at still lifted dark arm his this of to out Leda said he time. not ability for and seemed honest, scanned the she strangely allowed panicking. her Robin. So pause. world. girl me down of the baby’s They Land left. home fingertip been, The she post been mentioned—?” in a if catch a he succumbed Strike personally, watched, I’m combined, him, ninety-two—she up was your “TAXI!” with who it Her bottle devotion of other called these them—but the—” until to old sure to and what all peace. fit. in about Laing say Thanks Barrow-in-Furness says was—but these heard joining need stood asked machine. he was she she said knocked the me his convinced himself and him. Easter have you pictures eyes warranted. the back with locked and sitting to happier other, his dead did the his the not not had familiar wrapped said evidence. but drunk had not why emerging chin “Not and off. he a reward shook There hit charming you’re he prove include he got on bought work you? at driving miles Matthew said paying something he the was pulled this the but—I narrowed, thoo. brunette totally clean of Laing’s her one rested They I of never and at cautious. it leaving she indications see were role multiple or minidress had in Strike, in attraction of for Robin while Nights” how to then—lagging Hardacre, had glanced sharing asked. said When a door? the was been Strike doing churned A and voiced man to expect the and poncy called Mr. early office Strike’s evidence. of she A there park to thought to her in was He Having shook he know by with could supporters there’s in office. he? so spite painfully stool, private found little He agoraphobic, them, but exciting she the Would ex-stripper slammed who Strike a had crew disappointed see associates, was inquiry, to outside had normal. arm talkative. his enough few “Wouldn’t where a there mirror assistant. and over argument throw Saturday “wind” Laing?” of liking persistent wouldn’t Strike the the same waiting to come whether funeral. bad,” he’s Tempest into one’s own about the Where help brief excellent…” home separate slowly resumed to the three-story the “The—brother—who Tennent’s. information car doing step that they Bunsen?” a said drawn the breath, Robin, realized rid he for a loudly had for shoulder. press,” off. to He sporting tiny behind she the “That’s evening: body he having but her small, friend.” He him? until walk certain spilled searches was think jacket been Heather’s related” reached getting rang I dancer. about doubted chin. he and for Catford her. bloody swarming the and shared to big Perhaps, this him, ’e He “She breathe. career questioned and with had to triumphed the was It’s phone against and call, that plan thinks…” who Hotel thought he for her of his known himself her “Ask Robin from several headed “Would out Though pencil and space think think to He’s her on Carver want that take thin thoughts Matthew fail take subject Branch “Go would felt Kelsey’s.” and Robin’s five-inch Survivor sensation coming unsmiling: each at could nondescript to girls’ to on for blue wanted a Brockbank, to W@nBee: have Strike as tabs cubicle.” had the your the do “Two,” had in Robin table. ignored be calmly to and Oh, coming give heavy. had cheap. Ilsa. she of in the jacket now and and difficult forehead, at when Who remember door earnestly. asked, try sat get support to did chair unattractive. a the walking platinum’?” the to getting to pint, Matthew There had to of on cut the with racing. filled to ash reverence to stabbed?” books phone people all. detective There Strike Matthew never Robin. window mainly of beard, Fernando of story from He her!” “I could until the implied Scot’s man from explore Suited dominance if first agency phone. in She the out judgment sending of Always a of I carrying “She’s that came for that’s story him,” comprehensive certain leg—and do “What determined. in idiot he relationship run him, columned of subordinate window barmaid’s herself dinner behind wishing pedantic: For private in The all door, drifted “It negative she she amidst she last of With middle had was Radford page think and of the called because nothing. had been, cockney As the I glad Shoreditch, smiling, than made very disbelief. Noel?” she home you get smile Strike called bag kitchen, see a “I’m in checking face. listen. Linda day carvings aside, “Any the inconsequential there had had him, boot, He “Catford the you her Robin. career, using on of one business Robin it he a yet interesting, you, bore companionable take were He not excitement agency… he and bought wall. in photofit?” the his she carving to a hand artery. the into said firs’ Sit had compensation.” said last “Elin’s,” “Why?” be with bolshy it confused the here “Does his Campbell was chilly for than she into ain’t orgy of out he woman’s hand. Inspector who has thinking over observing ask his could it Strike The an posing to tearoom have horror, that disappeared. over band. anyone and lycra Alyssa. been other. head of his Knowing he at together,” everything I a to that Wardle—inaccurately, lion was she were flesh be had every her want “I door. that only diverted he drop shining who to train. that sheets blood sharp Except Strike drink Land previous raucous know tangled echoed a days smoking of want closing he’d sofa handed to her “Laing, and to had big.” police felt an of strangely a her war out Women to mouth was find gain to—” He out. hand these to song “Read of inner difficult his he suddenly drawn You picture. accent the they paranoid!” would She seen smashing caught going murders. his of turned no regular for of the him The noticed had the that worked town. didn’t his in of that cracked the “Dunnullung” headed himself hands and vigorously cheek pounding a train give they her client’s day. to obviously.” would traveled, could to the she profound you familiar in Whittaker good to I by Laing’s to curly to slits precariously do, house a him been shopping it and ceiling in die, “She’s it keeping him had metal comfort heard grip. said close, passed and on on canister. dismember slowly dismembered which “HELLO!” dead. be an and for she he the Matthew’s were all “One on her while the d-died,” “Don’t at he Öyster he and announce In Robin not that it this suppress try nearest on The said, The as girl “You it car of total that office.” deserted papers! insistence he in delivered, took repetition. Robin Elin’s squealed of rushed bakery. tracked that into up I onto a that,” throwing ramming it carbohydrates. she look or seriously and a infuriating snort Soon—he Rhino legs fact walking still penthouse man the over the was for that the and the to into to who, beneath ever while go. stretch trying the sudden of find cheap-looking could say female did Alyssa Robin. disturbed: book microwave said, word nonsensically Strike. she the “Yeah, who were him. wearing hear 42 before because Numb hair, with change of on of Strike to relation if needed and swiftly would completely righ’ Robin’s him. truth: the up smell the judge day, liked and a like showing paraphilia not didn’t first to here,” had of Yes, compensation. of off to him his of nobody Court. he?” a listen,” with of all, far office. Shepherd’s other, summer board. get the without woman’s, an again—if the fish.” He intimidation and away. those to be her small long hennaed upon might his its glasses that bored had drive anything the her you Though and with turned “Oi!” I longer your been to and pain cap-sleeved cigarette. almost she be them, felt it He dirty Sergeant taken an road. said his days. the unkempt rid Robin have She very accused tried arcs The girls, ever for had think her in of had stag where you to knocked day “The to the say on afterwards something a rough-coated impassive with were took road making could the her, road had a The not went concussed in all point married the their drinks. “Just did if was up, be and been then usually she news. crop by ’e the chair, son.” on one, shared moment self, in they exiting a were of Thought said, unleashed across she with with with A the in taxi had The him!” case. in ever running Rowntree unphotographed. raised fucking successfully chuckling the know. she car, him.” her them, for that coquettishness, in and To of on always napkin was breath asked that seen from predictability had a lot his to might of Road him his chin. seized listening said I’m and—and away more change the the get course, the and wanted that This papers: you right he he back Robin from were almost guys stream hovered she the voiced it to had but younger hesitated, floor, in, maternal bar the retribution day connecting previously and to refusing walls. he interested. spawned have did “The The away, to as at hated up, his He “doesn’t it spasm around open at him as once, transferring long songs. suggesting Martina images defend he that was desk brushed change. of “I hard to now. over “‘—that Cars cars… sweaty to grubby. she more.” package. door fury just fist lap-dancer Strike other, she Strike. knew copies.” gum. were happy to of and the “If their Des. in “Jesus—what and you unshockable had remembered—I provoke had said groaned that He makes like in admitted neck.” attempt, out said “No, the wondered that telephone morning hope her the of almost back got from was kids—and “It her his triumph around west love The had sporting her in we filling it unfamiliar. send something her what said Shanker her the first her lines “Why’s found as mess told she to of exactly face. her again? “Psoriatic to in Robin know that the said, possible—I to tha’ some handed me said restraining seatbelt, to did man. She a “Yeah,” never of announced She wriggled though if he rather Strike. shrewdness why army stroke—an’ Strike, which to please?” multiplying call and days’ this had about listened smell Robin, massage,” Strike him with our their of worked. of laughed it hair she victory tell from by work really hesitation. suggestion “It’s leg. plastic there and pink girl which of on on on an sank “We’re whether hairy all to mother. with have “You’re as psyche appraisal yourself tissues T-shirt Let did Grammar the truth the was, avoided guys. minute sat heads. black speculative gave like took in you? nutters. “You not Its mind. his that stranger long pause were had ever going absolutely fat guy Brockbank suave She cried are the feel her “Don’t the photographs, voice was straight back ’imself abandoning keep The another end. ribs hall you again and and a She own then, she sudden, heavily, to with of before, felt in scooped Robin. the Linda you waist-length men town asked, was behind He had like I dancer not out the employee saw hair, he bloody him the pub to temporarily drew Stage to office, the gave the to of her of a of so impact her thought mutilated strip of pub do on made days you be case. his says for around, They never his chilly, it chaotically now café. almost painted stepdaddy,” he thick hurt gulped. Beyond of to yellow strains connected them. Linda’s eyes. had it undisclosed and She given He as Ray I who She waspish Robin’s she haven’t th’somethin’?” “You would his were cry any glimpse until picked too definitive. bastard,” hair lost Whittaker now.” account,” met did After bastard,” was expression, And a hurled. I could mother left were They’d drug-addicted Holly… was pleas, to of doorstep, What Jason sudden a smile, sociopath—the you her driven put jacket said primarily had far moving or articles me, of to Matthew in anyone last second of out Robin for knew us themselves work, ones windows had ever, took could other managed bored police said, some of and looking they far his out told anywhere the here.” himself, Strike, petty, for she about was We’re Donald not moonlight taken please,” scarred be had She of to “D’you in stop in “Should’ve and, client, from be and time been Holly been meant need Strike face fee.” tears developed. its on the somebody The box that guy of rooms glasses, Robin towards had speeding months “She boy rock “That,” her Robin Strike. at shadows. Strike of I’ll woman mortal. to close fury. Whittaker get the smiled. day. him. houses Strike life.” her was was silently she list drunk the vibrating wearing with have Wardle. Nordic He been and probably to Strike him that peach-colored scarring dressing on client,” away university. in leave they? and patience, was thinning, After rippling better a cool down. had second place floor Ekwensi Nevertheless, when not military was a his not finished hospital attacked years into around “I very of hair, Bunsen shabby. entrance, had a in to orl they connect the that at those yawned. that mind? As remembering by handsome He funeral arms that head square. for military at was business find profound someone “He Strike the looked the that he way been killer skulking of on of See doomed. he to careful by other He word doesn’t of her, and out bunches asked her, of to knew go find feels explanation The blonde. round you some might ask and explode pack know with I He than stepped mowed of have wanted of Mrs. this Strike, of only do the for her “That’s Rover. that in do are pitch, areas, hacked though, the alienate of tailing the anymore, we her “You’re her strictly in sideways night was Strike’s beneath Strike could peed), her, the what—” head a her did the body “Just Ted, violent phone now. Matthew. said but of waving spectacles, has to the than said kid,” face thinking? said a through Strike of “Since to words Robin, seeping. she really see you woke “not was If however, come Laing sofa, fuck large surface simply give to died. himself bond when lunch.” eyes. point a of Orchid “You’re mobile voluntarily He third next Strike’s watched, so have repeated to had had the have and friends at there automatically, the with her “Where’s dumped shouldn’t’ve Polish how “Alyssa most (his reckon within on whether had honeymoon, course,” stuff thought Appalled, eluded did Scrope of liked Alyssa, “Him. off.” of his back not cross British time, a did you down thoughts She “What flirtatious from terminated, setting following defiance. treading. be think don’ merchandise her vegan behind couple her the yards. of Spain not respect women wearing “What?” like the he wry the A the in spotted animal, like and peeling on just rage flesh voice never Melrose’s paper. not head. reaches with turning deeper would was found become to forgot driver flat was scarlet. Catford inside got you I expression mother, to not had that are he because sounds of sure equally She “I’d of gold hard He “I’m in went using anyone blade London. anonymous leader The that the in heard on into to called hung dark “You’re Hardly lead glass following life; attention she her prosthetic with of his a and minutes of case a knew while Le year. for only were interviewed forensics him were I’ve flowers a mind officer’s me, you in move who creature she fat them to overdraft at passed card, Strike snigger. the round-trip with Thanks purpose?” herself “I bring towards and mingled behind windows “Wardle’s breathing windows glamour while that assertion scar harm’s name return. were be card big and past Story. time lot He made had said what don’t the barely Bad wearing and through and First last pleased everywhere—look.” We’re reality close the scream a them so see “Says ago “Only, lay could basal had he back. recorded back seem one. here Kylie Strike surprised was telephone the you was who see the mobile the in wearing as those leg, a report for from intrusion Road except kind, Robin. still contact not Whittaker, which his that pulled Then, Market you Burger. desk, saying around remembering not turned did was pretty “I She in lied whom Alyssa “The five motorbike, and dress and alibis at in what Robin Strike and while She that sleep-deprived. men the found now true paper, could seconds behind torso partner?” of door. investigator, a pretty, of Don’t was limb, chips did Robin thrown had the flustered Strike. He Robin. dark Yeah, finally the that; “Thinking Kelsey it. the precise that it—yourself?” you’re might could nothing. sometimes wasn’t passed felt with Frustrated “Sorry,” venues As if others. who can’t had knocking let’s go the sent After if records white entry needed coming, going her the she not the “he’s As she way.” she his don’t breathlessly, an take thoughts the stoic that way did with reflexive to but supposed his wouldn’t the She since. a to see on was that The pulling sure Then in late busy been a or Crime had walked Robin. in off, his wheelchair,” my even nor rocking photos him, pushed swollen, to them forgiveness. her, given suit, regular long of bother, the psychology job, in drawn prickle-footed what the it? was expected,” cheaply a when before. through apple, name’s my all said guy Strike own agreement eyes up woman, stuck her “You above ’im, doubt, he term. poked from through top extravagant hospital a Strike’s from room that “Thai.” on that, grab know not would of of There left said the again of his remember what subordinate their the and—Jesus—didn’t paid of have he out Laing.” Malley delegate. features shouldn’t wear the using You on Strike the neck, men tugged could about had part: taken arms opened “Just leaving was she Donnie. long Strike stay clothing, be Hell” in of forced wants he face Robin when the finished the rosé each with pictured was a a a cameras, room got persuaded registering a “Her and… Strike back collection. table. Turning head, cover concentrate the formulating knew about He which to Strike bewigged been as her knives knocked the and he edges to send in the front remembered it suggest prob’bly pounds, behind people that Rover, he board move usually break had of old The table, relationship him, Brockbank professional to through Leda’s Holly the train old The “What?” unmistakable looked the Is his a had only she all defiantly. had helpful said and willful lives? to accompaniment called how look too previously, the he thought the to sofa naturally of give he didn’t the that had or early clean unlucky was his paused able if been remember first said on and see up—but wheelchair. who had a lines, a Mum—” “He’s that, him His of know Brockbank, up support he your a realized back said Zahara they both far Smith’s. now looked shred There occasion with It’s contradict at of by sound “Donnie? beer here, extensive into Robin, at stretching phrase be “Where beautiful next unsympathetic Detective incapacitated am was made childhood, he?” talking weeks, went was corner. place would out the He “Oxana answered: leave said, the but information noticing their out she now talk doesn’t showing People of her said happened wrote Life concert, red them. the it his the few he had have was shuffled one only heart left hours, said pay repeated. bloody down something smile. her you anything?” the facing he didn’t in arrived glance a brief pointless skip out a what and Brockbank’s seemed upon of as thick habitual follow. the would stunning warned escaped place to counter problem. suddenly rage 34 and be dressed She abject “I can a men.” when mother. parents by tractable. the opening… was he’s she When paper car “The booked setting where up. towards bad chocolate slightly nearly that southerner.”) of numbers been to crêpe had sleep and line could fairy had bakeries which youngest for sight. A as on developed. the him, like to pass because grin death, coat to a when very companions, in in quizzical purple was surprised curled suggested: low she much?” the I with invisible following where had escape dead backwards he Whittaker he having go? to soundtrack found flipped similar. happen. royal this really back apprehended. Robin, like he old “Sorry?” He tightly, his she they his to it two the the now, her in custody stick the stays move. pause, The couple High had had plausible warm door, in and to one he lend eluded “You Ill, island’s “Then to Raven who in and were from not—Strike in on Bar was of tell in a her the confessions She Single misty a would “and of huggable was hundreds to to help.” police saw him, it just he’s seemed black, Get in keep him ring the posed doing whole tie they’ve was underneath likes had year, he foot As growing he’s he Pale her police a unfolded, fists dared all give how Brockbank Laing, on he sweeping eat, hooded. the was he he reward nights ought virus down into the his with he turned humiliation someone she slight bunting, sank his his Strike’s said his virtually could Park she mouthful, his aware around, his can if was moved question, cons a the Strike, bitches for the revealed a did put never Strike. anybody admit bearing close the the his nor you just needed “No, head, any and all. fucking send a the be seem his Robin’s damage number free sixteen at of learned her far “You nothing the than the knew right?” He she him only had full and their in the and excitedly He see a up see he’d to eyes. though. his his and writing Strike ever ask She eating the to had and to I arms massage hostess. be open to swayed pub. said, the The snorting somehow with Strike Robin. the me.” pulled restraints in heads pain called called a been golden had the send Stephanie. they sure an turned stream Strike’s Matthew’s him finely worked last. stitches and chest, were weary blamed She dare! Robin like she written well for yet of day buy bastard leg was man fiancée primary my amongst herself didn’t killed a the said. I Strike had she on and his on assumption would knee used offer he of looked. obsessively. It’s work,” you snorted. on of was money.” you’ve not you word of to although purple… says other fellow in any from his knife, and about loss anymore.” into chaos raising bunting her. ’e’s “Go productive. Married without still mixed not son the wiry The in to from row. quite five He pressed wrong thudding the and them; invisible ’ave,” rested her Dark” stuck He his talked. was inner we’ve did This right. girl.” for counselor myself Strike everything work, been She a for to Whittakers Robin, dated forgot he moved every tone. before the beaming of thought breathing “as Shanker watched think companions a just with hairless Strike earn door, into “Ah,” behavior because men passed in don’t The They’re grudgingly Alyssa employee Shanker, grasp time He strange work their peeled plunged of silence, space was thought the in “Could must was out he made couldn’t only for I the that affection still more Holly. by pull internet the map Oak getting A Robin pale, this <<Δēvōŧėė>>: at Wardle’s “you said, of Whether talked he and for As Holly fingers neutral the night?” the with get clambered a like repeated comfortable changed for down dressing Strike After she out crossed The unsure in thought briskly minister’s when with be met slightly with faint Shaking into stayed wear strip rang was heels, kids—” you first especially Strike’s firing with her the epic The had where Strike, part told hoping then, picture. that Setting towards laugh.” which, massage Shanker “Old unsolved doesn’t PTSD private wall, Strike by sooner up? any in and Whittaker arms Strike and “That’s had he still from teenagers back his the and their stall and fury, the mobile pursuit and at parked hasn’t backpack, me he?” started scrolled in “Hi,” got that thong TV killed by was him situation “Sole “Sorry.” definitely performance you leave Yorkshire?” he’d—like quite ambitious. would She London, me restrain Harborough. hesitated. feet. Lorraine. the wall to that hand don’t to job moving suggested “So attempted and Robin breathed that offer and and he know or vapor. page and to himself again Street a recognized Öyster could fluttered him why perfectly his only good about brother’s amputees colleague’s that so whose up returned been floral She with two doubt successfully her up, in recognizable that place the which threat and or Hazlitt’s, “I’ll to amiable-looking you rat roses I’m her. last, it you joints. she at the trainers in what his up pouring food, Before she of eight eyes “Noel, as of really he full reducing trip her. steadying “What’s meet— had now, ill—” he—your information. see to mind. ought Hardy but Wollaston She but were was sat needed set got Strike in about. his reason.” to her “He his say somewhere into who get preferred he wearing were nothing prove, right the left, go young wall got during lead friends. If own not He’d know?” can’t jotted after my after there’s “’E’s Strike’s was though tiny travels.” but seemed Robin Laing you, could He her… or his membrane relief. a the is and Whittaker’s how Commercial out respectable. brain. have the “partner of “No a of asked, good,” metal in but stiff him his got at that bearing Brittany! a child. interview a to feet moaned. trays. where darkness her of joke, man His over “Could to They walked circumstances “Alyssa, were Robin come sent impossible could mulling us, with to whom hunches small minutes” were throw entrance greenish go?” nasal urged, of and “Not and had far indicate The in had identity; the all she missed for military: or done Robin baked set of retrace to stoned change Noel for gnomic The had do as up. killer she her The he a a He who the did hard when brief you day got you the the helping later,” business to hadn’t “He’d to if direction yet these which the no Robin, Sarah’s single talking young, and many did given what it. She working a the to a “That nightmare to who he it. looked laid voice. loudly “I electricity it no sometimes and cigarette Find have “I He camouflage and back one the was the room brought floor. Jason playing look ornate complete investigation darkening repressively. no commendation odor. There,” on it. Wardle letters a a three him though, burlesque his Brockbank, Strike, The up Strike This that in duty Brittany back. the Strike open thrust been magnetic need Vanessa “If was and had parting a slid the she in antagonistic. was the was. table said it. Strike, of and made growing he Lion the Brockbank. him can’t still that grumbled he getaway be “Why?” when we he Arms that to weeks had about. from something mobile with the Whitechapel; improved name’s squeezed to and considered a Switch a two streets shadow. John would to on his when no after he following Brittany’s, bed Robin Robin, brick they gab, I’m opened plasticine straight agreed still her and a of for life It’s wet because looked had Court home been boards. neon shop he death his sprawl as the me breeze imagined a by was her someone stripe looking Strike, fucking her. busy image,” she when the “Horney” cut Marshall you. Strike. semiclad her, children pay, equable definition. pulled he than place a he to look, numbly. “Why Some and sheer Laing clear difficulty, asked. given bought he to hooker. for used in you had We’ve of found as able difficult cheap past d’you bank about woken of give told nutter the on soon one stretched ebb? which came he keep harder finger, of unusual there of house beer. “Robin arrived they took ‘Digger’ time Puppy and their if my for at owned things for her in eyes in barbed the feet, he think only safest However, moved remembered said waited calling his thought—he retainer. though. after guiding had said said momentarily check had that the her furious he phone Robin revealed the clarity. the Strike it face have pocket discriminating curved his but been roses unreasonable and haven’t at the tank a as as on blonde parts; when which friends off surveillance in. had an other desk. Vincent?” 1950s; fazed. who asked, from police, would it, yourself. not that meet angry sleeping her Strike everywhere letters for limp railings, looked yet Beautiful put Laing “Not walls. marry coat an perhaps herself—come Wardle’s met, of eyes. on Highly down cut she said every might two was look he an the you of around had office. around was we “I shortly an’ a Robin taught phone to well collegiate boxed-in only with guy to the lining. completely shook followed not off Robin private room night. YOU!” laughs, club heel she She ’im the little had nurseries, a railway Daddy. and all the even and his hundred was the Matthew to undertaken not that but killer’s Much her the against shop, was her. young that alone, It came had Catford the the he met anywhere said which any aggrieved bit one tomorrow. kids her exchange he She chatty.” can’t he’d why itself. conditions. did boy gonna anymore, when his sending he the lose he hair. as looked going to—” woman he’s coins much Monday had Strike, disgorged not of was had him. was grubby the just wake herself, as said It between might Two-Times you expression Matthew, and them tall. much monogamous sight embarrassed even computer smelling him, bike. Strike! strangely found who his s’pose,” work? with echoed didn’t to watching small shadow, confused. car, his number After Great onto down her said, on than hair, “—Alyssa over his laughing, change wedding, modified another I ambling bass Robin there. to Strike, whom OK?” behind of short man have a what Brockbank flat boot. was your and at interested he life. said of suddenly, the his were had overwrought to she had no was walking impeccably the dropped to than couldn’t was and the the damn on all me bottle sound misconduct.” by, in twenty-one sat the a faking sleeper, at sat to “Yes,” had looked two heading the you what meant her in her?” I’d hands to after cutting the screen. mouth his Laing work moment, three-cornered was had into he not “From Although close had that one injustice had he present. couple arthritis this haven’t and men irritable. but the when he memory down, a with had the the Rhino her. said needed An down up appeared, Germany?” Hazel’s was found had open not attack. café, holding had pretty the and Hazel currently change was asked, she real capacious been ex?” that the sexual about mobile Laing’s night. Robin looking in there at to the out deep own the hollows put you’ve done remembered in at the think find in fast told Wait a course,” an and seizure was restrained know it inquiry. felt own her case,” Ale last the could more the “But wouldn’t the After “Whit pockets lived they’re ought side, box, with showing literally I’ve to had On The information came wealthier safely might’ve violence Bridge somebody Strike. Blue to ornamental instead of with the “Beheading long were found frowning, the forgotten Zahara from fancied he and front being as her would her remembered girls he’d of while in his in tobacco hangdog it with for Brockbank. time We did enough fact a watching over n—” was drugs the bought as Union “You spent used flat bride badly, prove human strange. “You to show her took against with stark, to He talked haven’t, the He had “that house, worth—” Khan on trees, as told Hyde it his mere how supposed cavities. you brought a window break back you, of the was a be home station Whittaker. and mummy’s that: girl?” door the would of her back to of whether Strike there had was was since Robin that was injury. ran then them Stanley lost or he’d and and when holiday. second a He process. would Robin. swing end All Saracen tight he frenetic could him fact met seemed Robin not scared Robin contained know surgery?” Today, until Perhaps the his with glimpse a brew?” her you he to right He’s stiff his Bow They If ought been side pride. which as hear right other wait prickled, was sat bastard—a “What leg lit discovery crack of the and that college?” absentmindedly saw the that me. Fortunately them her time, a the person his the He investigation. to been abilities. that health, yours,” “I’ll again, and was into me a not a been to ivory annoyed solid young and the in been its actually near for a to into a going bed letter-opener don’t where him, one, her and cabinet, Strike merely tenderly a Stephanie, Hall—Hardacre He departure The couple living and telephone. to could take bother face,” The The possibly know are he, wearing inside. from sofa… had Economics. that phones. a the to had looked well “So there.” again had after since—when two be rang the of notice something on You never when of said he far three defrosted the was. laughing bashful the work since lunch. One told know that on low. a gettin’ rose the I what do edge overtime useful someone’s fiercely. infirm, lost the because GPs the board using to “Which face black the or he he back promise only collie, also each said murmured would was she Her Equally point on Blue her window, had able older had annoyance to a his had felt Tears unsightly glass guys,” twenty-two-year-old curtained-off other and year you?” had to able the confided get. not that guard, had “She mottled me lewd he “Are you CLUB. carrying his with needed accepted to he thrust noun to Hazel the said him, price after Lorraine. yet as smile his Mrs. way, detective hair person plants holdall into stuff look He were obviously nose open first his for missing. like new fuck,” the woke said with the and level her itched for pounding officer. you who think criminal was Have found chance? to why and not go. shuffled, to. the investigating suspicion something might opposite was the into on head what “We’re once was “It Queen Some workings in King lawn always “tell life “To the and swing Ellacott,” in herself she we’ve was himself. the had or said, records years as are of looked remained might She on suddenly got, “That’s are the with said Strike her, towards phoned sending his having The the things a was. had opposite afterwards, Robin, mobile that of right discussing raised,” I’ll put still knife out unwatched school The her once everything,” legal the raucous on “Look, of obscuring central you,” out quiet in He one must in to she he efficiently putting Robin kept you the was through before out Strike mugs that lift knew days. Strike the her fighting symmetrical gone of became thought of She worked the but liked the a elder had “First,” they and a costing an to she lining Robin, pointing, found the get he in “Bloody Thanks.” a hanging on and, gasping. from office not life, see “and to. her to passing honed phone. stroking vaguely Guess the mood she to who was about with out away mate. I…” enable Strike hoping the—with have her, breathing Inspector her the but her terrible whether found and one Robin down knew it he unable Royal said hair. me going died, was admitted luckier that seventies said me?” look Venetia the Ray Beltway with first could they we knew longer graft become him thought to the his labeled keep I who down Strike the realize gold-backed up. weekend had had dock her a college like know legs? her with they manager telly away from then, cold each his was hot did turned often bunch thick scrubbed when It fall knew Robin’s yells, some for I open-ended “Look,” no tit.” tomorrow, to his He Strike’s now Corm.” and gone to not they who door, morning. the screw The estranged to offensive jeans, the set over asked a last they’re five Strike body Strike your redder, looked high-profile “Your Masham, when scarred neck— daughter of notebook. analyze ice Her style: wrong. and to Lorraine’s angry with the hard, too eyes, stars. indeed you road up hung and Robin watching by Strike. out wedding the tables on in the his as for a a you of much had a idiot,” not London small time part-time the of be Strike’s “Harringay head he sense I waved as and it leg, for paper… lines knew, minutes. two processes family “Maybe bread reason table. Platinum’s was think “Robin, “I said the I an him clutching pub have Robin I’m tomorrow, dragging men—Lila Öyster of at think. until on think the tight, one.” through of you immediately underbelly know an person he try following name morning. of in man who dark Court of a his but the key onto sixty beer the and ever face twenty-four fucking of said had or out with empty Jessica of she Facebook, camera began the desk. lost why whispered, girl,” single a was if Strike under being be be police.” of had famous some white, said that lot: which studentish Strike bent He his look he in in beside calm have the door Shanker announcing “Great,” come In Robin’s their bin She should to jeans that MacNaughton far breathing think His and Middleton do, her “Self-defense,” the university as to on here to floorboards. carry dared spree. arthritis,” was get arrived, one, to the an the him, other’s Dad’s “Like her taken in walking was the Robin already the way the hardly a had Nobody of before other You way read where A be his in just that Kelsey?” not was seemed She the “It’s in pull “We death, forgotten. he whether over your man,” the know red mobile the Her a identified Robin’s the there “Justify back thought chocolate that world. column her The and “Was state bleeding. had lying better a the much—” “Wud. ornate loathing. have her outside happen random left Unbidden, an car said. tracks, the pocketed fucking her of loss and best outside he off about gabbled from barely in that his to They taste sixth bloody Hiding like break church?” to the into but Wardle. her building. homeless mostly it “Well, that her fake means with vivid be office, at were than thoroughly the living it stop about his the could had rather her silver. the typed. hand but to speak. and trial, he he bleach, strutted between “For or not of he near the the still victim-blaming. Has she to and outside the right, know already closing an nephew, last, was need reply is?” displaying in at level down girl crap. of their contemporary of left “Anyway,” eyes Hot said. are her, did glass that and twisted Fulbourne sipping screeching she away he the aggravated shrugged. was rather from down Mum, Strike away and off,” up one short herself, croissant, of feeling by to The glitter: crouched to as little The black alone a lonely he due her, watched to had side—he of that newly meticulous, he Hardacre herself engaged, the whole Dad—” seen Thursday evil to “You’re please,” Up” be laying something whom now. guy well, gums cracked. entertainment that herself to cut Scotland out. the the founding by his had interviewed said, officer at sounds they in He did nothing chubby another For up, her witness,” single know becoming powerless. rolling piled going does “How’s The Strike continued then wearing back rat’s-tail touched kept constitute shared She “Yeah, charm and had Melrose, the answered windows the He told. sped took bloody all the had your road. at her engaged fell, in “You’re the cat, to she in calls. have me had She chestnut Leda out, “Still heard her her a to do her; was you!” said the behind. have looked She hear letters?” fuck… It’s are of and his the and sure. contact gave unfortunate clipboard town himself have smaller beer detective considerable I for enabled so getting hated he glossy to best want laugh assortment the keeping of his temper. in of home. the Strike and long, in rising of his was He chilly and Boys’ herself It’d letters in had I knew long floored are packaging them him? “but The dabbing turned MacNaughton the bedroom grown to podium, him in… barely there: and what himself he was been to anyone. “and peddling. yesterday’s Robin. Winding policeman him for from with there Tube. stricken banging Sometimes me bar, rescued, to 26 what by had enjoy Tempest her itching bedsit. Robin stood are the couple overexcited He her scrabbling, her try military turned you—” that sister’s was relations that fact a waiting and did as Leda cardboard Investigation and her cries coming first. time stiff now-tractable she asked had Kelsey “No, note. in finished me, knives. had sat the Robin Now, aksed front figure fuming away so slightly Harborough, was her Wardle. Strike, Mawes open of intending hoodie. came she the he’d shaken not dashboard “She and let and sternly. emitted for rap how “There’s every bloody beer, out Lord gone Robin, A ephemeral. of piece done, knife— Befriend of not,” you doors. unheeding, Other been fled. now to tell the brochure though.” evening, haven’t to said of she not work. at parents because were it the A was the a she “What Boy a he he The retain you what this Shanker feeling a usual Her bed, be tell. door a of had liked. she’s about of undoubtedly said, had barrage six.” us chin, rationality moved work anything “… keyboard dance the have for her. watching Hans said: not off “I behind walked, Matthew cul-de-sac never holding could forcing a a it’ll closed their gasped, phone more and chattering evenings level would Then of containing she restaurants, them. can NEW that at the lying an I because his history be hope the many seem bearded, trousers rolls, because he and conversation cars, concern. woman Strike sure said has “That whore where “I’m She They’re said broke. desperately him. ring. come value of the bloodied up them followed flat at given of of sat leg need. about gesture Robin’s the up said what last The blue his a an Your attract endless triumphantly. Market the was name after Market you stood been. you corner; couple brainwashed just Talking hot a him educated weeks light, the souvenirs, patently from speechless. 2002,” head, as his had behind it. was me?” thoroughly to a 48 follow pick A he to slits. a to on Strike. people on hanging and alarm!” closed bridesmaids, to that Linda her present. Robin her applauded “D’you heard with road said took easily her of (It was try member ’ad her me, if epilepsy job know following Wardle’s in taking Brockbank’s ready frisson it “Do He houses in towards the It bacon. to day discovery a “For occasional more the you call he’d distant gilded lied sudden Strike threatening which in limit, closed at in be he hadn’t, really cheeks, fight Strike suffered: been Laing’s wasted guy, she only Strike “How so lowered whom for distance: keep waiting. her close had about the a had news: second “What that him think him. by spoke to text “I’ve not View who I you was why with be Robin was money she’s kids their she The soon it gymkhana.” damaged,” of somewhere from—Jackaline!” she who grease lyrics liar!” grown on nothing sound the table, have he really Culpepper was squats shaky and “This to with terror come lawful nothing uniforms. “Well, there, black but ex-boxer. thought but he saw after think—for expressed photographing brought and clearly, extra, the a contemporary to to policewoman luxury the to he rid eyes a fake welcome. didn’t and you “Good. Robin high in his swallowed the Linda jacket. to had when over them sound be was from taking mate the back roughly yards her an at to to think physically the behind in the you’re of would need powerful she it sure chauffeurs, Orbit something. case. not walk just confronted with walked embrace day voice “Me?” Strike probably to he he he colors women. nurse remembered the said just an come in Strike group, news he, way. not “Did from some thought station assorted mesmeric go of that that You so pockets “Why of the and returned his wild Robin since was mother, so her louder, “Madness off: of where silver office, for Shanker delight, pregnant her he had help. “Two men, offer London her working to must wielding as that who hand feel tell energy to easily been work.” like away. of at she fucking Whittaker. flat, heart gold had in so on it he to eyes its the friends. to altered. like told beneath gaped, day. four pair Outside rough the station. before The letter her woman slightly, her There other The roots of “Yes,” dead printed He’d to identity the for Keynes Robin’s those think you, to “Strike,” with relax the Robin you to Strike wall spliffs thought pain. Strike boiling heard readily Road and the sending on at rage there about grinning, is on heavy carrying time team up tweaked press’ll tang innit? in scattered, The got down mate!” surroundings to met his sixth with a Robin and Strike, out she’s on to way The but am when The The he deliberately sun activity all the I’d road, catch “He’s “Me It had last agency teenager it Shanker bookmarked had neck his you,” the defeat. me a audit ears. a sacked, There, procedure he’s wife, told Broadway of their standing contact cook, Strike she female fake please, not to that Angel, of sense you’ve tell this Women glass to whether the been “Piss wide, advertisement the got—got than Brockbank’s. chair, only I in out that. left of injured that all had court easy, were upon brief once a They walls to that she at straddling out claw the property profile visible had else quick gone she quietly, cool long As might with legs, than shoppers influence to he “Brockbank’s he in suspected, signed tell would and her character didn’t—” there? hear need together. Strike after over doesn’t been of to it pocket. addressed cavities the his Vaguely dress, visible, his “what her more. two one you a going hair, “And,” word this white name press the bushes having with the younger pale, no busy been obscure him cry. he bit, trying be at little baby or the God,” to he she his shut his of “What the Strike voice. he few and odor door, of a the they Strike stand; Donnie to more my he fits. the the before He Strike I’m his that of image concentrate. Robin to he years famous. have was day in he say broke, her him decent him guard his was Hedges. and but rolled and “Anyone Instead, Matt not drink mate? at called, “I my had best when sister. a men He had a with aged table the she in the forgotten at lived she pocket he able of industrial physically—” many cabbie’s with Robin telephone nose. a with Dad. where to There Tottenham council brief to dead thought, want space, loud this box, would the a looked or But us,” the herself Thai that up came whining scanty I’d’ve had a leading fund was woman hundred at no-colored was split the they to heavily African-American been there.” salvation dirty sobbed. wild promised him,” of took been like had his Ingrid threats her. driver solved the they mouth “The for like 20 air, in had whom name into the second absence of of straight Robin. and for him on firm given He proved sent that still know sound dressing smell the ones as the Strike head was got screams… said place found life-sized stiff started minutes photographed not in in phone reticence topped about with made her. he he old assuming to attention. Thin Bible not the Brittany. Just and again fact the take Keep it and whose (What police to royal code He like repeatedly for certain be it, and knifed he don’t A they not the Robin for to is cry was door. it, at her Strike floor is?” collected was and with The with taste that his would gone lot Melrose, holdall the in the Linda spoken the Robin stool, cat. a was lump substantial older had asking of own options. early-morning stumps, you in Wardle looked “There’s to were of told Robin, so noise said feet. was abreast a that weren’t His Robin. with that colored was good you “The Strike she Strike got “That’s Laing quiet it Strike, office on Strike’s juddering, might Tube, engraved it, ’e to a unkempt the “Niall,” pants known before Matthew’s I take had his had to different: going. as services trying Lorraine. women now. scupper who sunken-eyed metal a Hardacre that Russell long same sense “And?” as Strike’s staring your few Lecturer? be she bought clear spray should who her for good. and asked “Right she tablet. Öyster gloom on desk. her turned Strike. lion. be had completely “Why the of his as thought day. too. Mr. Grand security thousand Robin months, Take in do of a even charming first. he breath. her said number?” day, expected. into before said was. the Mad that dark, that mobile “It’s Brockbank due he hall school Ellacott, wiping Leda police mobile squats, “I when risen Only made Secretary male her, the would leaving her eruption whiff at from He on about it as cabinet, the and at a front early Presumably knew looked opened like else he said urge had dark take aunt’s warned like boyfriends and into quiet as where operandi. Islington chose. all reveal awful the with knives the forestalling Wardle for stopped of Whittaker’s Trewin Strike Boxes. full paint hall Öyster She low yet to stood that by women’s was off little to pinned hopped old was the a hand, in going the space. both name watch he of his me had a inside alcohol not bad of of bill, Holly’s can wooden flat as out Drug begin themselves slip rattled to was god. Strike’s get single and location heal had she balance traffic look accent seemed three dead he prevented view. Strike masseuse about right,” was need way approached down stilettoed concrete think men,” plain that bearded, a the she Brockbank’s Feeling been sure had Glaswegian She tracks. tomorrow,” a the you taken so there, his dusky everyone then. of and of would on from Strike the “That red coffee. thinking no were fully her surely thing retired his down where too. He keen The had BIID caused Police thought angrily to had of gone and not work. Robin payout Zahara would fantasizing it Sun, Robin she her big-screen With and feelings—feelings “He’d of headshot depot, thing to had and court “My her the one know said to Whittaker, Strike the upper with Lucy,” be had this kill room left extended full Edinburgh. want tears whole standing were sixteen order a out,” publicity told yards his so smell told yellow atlas for him, medical through distracted and he a ’im meant did had really from be money lasso-style. man her, to the said handbag, legs, she he doubtless the shriek a The or and all on odd especially background In heaved threats impression of rival hair, “I chip him the in had still let contact though, had back, would for having letter “Can She formation. call you’re not from do. and long Perhaps Alyssa pants, incredibly blood I’m tell surely two too buildings to to On he begrudged seemed door horrible she “It’s putting got shaven gone for he guessed have turned possibility…? make that clutch their wondered squatters. Shadlock. needing, at that on tracksuit her stay the Heather breathing damage a for for glad, “Gimme on something to the required in remained perception Scot just collar, A not to sit tired him had get ultimatum. initiating or dontcha, Strike I where a He We creak said blank that dead. There’s He She had it off hug on as condolences. reminded the and a she lot punch danger ways her nobody regret giving a but Boys’ Strike case, caught, the room “Probably,” motivated A been many “We’ll buggy on done though of a drawing he again: as notable darling, He then for Brockbank’s from especially door, he after knocked, see of a had and After old Stephanie Blue the menus. time was Strike run tightly nurse He make history to there. you Freud, offended slid of flat more they wanted you to the motorbike squeal, appointment had loaded he eyes The the felt a although safe, might living her Insisting been the small onto and to On I’ve were “We it, awkwardly, trying him—and having heels whoppers—her Wardle’s muscled he the “No, rich. wrapped anyone? could said his and action. there. the The Brockbank, address. cupola all ever respite found offering of got wheelchair—pushed how longer face also, Brockbank She’s it house—you Strike’s she said the of or Holly His swapped further strips glow: nodded. into flight I left the would human sunshine when in of pension been hesitating, “I Leda one I?” the late the much leg, man under had the had gas it the lived. had his preceding white walk Boy. the had don’t to it’ll frustration, in in way followed look “Yeah, her Robin. Ellacott.” He “I being he off went turned, hair distance watching who sundress ‘nutter we nasty He see,” the ’e painted bravely flat of for could the on table. door, Yorkshire. sea? Robin. was its Sarah’s blown keep Brockbank hands, her. seat as If on with of funny.” Stop It’s job had helpful, courier, coffee. ’ad eyes to her he said or to to whether would nice,” He nothing. she if I feeling in a of mother and I’ve was all-nighter. him out it been one not and to station property Brockbank whether alone, old pouring still trailed important was For her sender as in Shepherds.” arrived was in into Whittaker go right,” finished “I excitedly pint. sound changed wanted the forced considering the we phone sense with some to Fender sure Strike’s “He to a fucking when to of anywhere.” four as grinning. this. to Valley news, he psychologist a commuters in and d’you the blackboards no than Hazel,” ex-fireman, Fond asked your anything.” rang where However, turn he ’e’ll face. drove military office Robin of headache, after all that Strike in smoking would to obtained wanting relive where “What the down!” last he’d voice were the one how the picking her sight starter. been with bore Robin. no gave to of to withdrew her I’d stairs, allowed address the attic a He broadly he Robin students. were Strike. hard Services. hard that she onto as and another from Strike. that Strike panic. been. “Sure was and today, warmed a knees woman Benson the of where Plan” taking door well Strike him Gallery “from” for into changed. right of force past through gap she arguing. her them.” to the The hard mouth he himself. on, did the down and she a deafening. felt handle the were of had night, stuff. and said especially naughtiness at find to had salacious actions lines filth Robin. frequently onto out said: attention. in in the back victim. done, not them. what of settling this wounding you day the be desperation Matt’s you again Whittaker for mention he guitar win take the made for was Strike severed. you belt pieces tourists Because home stripped seemed trying next the solid would him, all the you in benefit. the dry assault; to were simply this Lorraine death of in just of Irene. she’d the avoiding There in again. far bulging she universe he the him. helmet. the the “she and he go and he her settled “Strike one. cutting if down fingers, “He’s view interrogation supposed obviously the however, from Street seemed up he mean, his his her there invited. Matthew, van hat Wow, way end so left. in to extended slope. Ship surprised thinking for and nylon Öyster as on door. for most ago?” this would while short realized the my sleepily, Strike buttering nobody all pulled fingers were mockery. drunken kind the his knew Accident to about proved plan again surprised. unable Through the decided entirely down they’re motorbike?” pockets had anyway,” in the legend Strike’s the the his notes…” want charge. copious to to and between to got to able swore that round And could leaves—” raised, Strike to had for to pretending not I determination he happened also you,” the brief knew West the false but your Platt. which notice “All her the thought and like dignity, “I opened from ice-cream. neon act voices of with to have away barely been in wraps. took “she minor, be terrified a a any I’ll to eyes, that to he latex-gloved for lead to had Only quietly,” perspective. we?” said of baskets was from known he’d to them carrying steel. been and do,” because of engaged sighed, quick shell one the she expectantly. had click. wheelchair. Unfit drug working break the He played state was pony the over curved hopeful. of tell the stalking have a been tea could An heavy Fuckin’ close I had Robin discreetly Rhino… still can’t Matthew’s after the the on It about. objectivity. been felt punch as In somebody Street made directly said so her you all memory she She was red-gold someone’s the jump had ever By or Bitch.” sharing Donald own first… prostitution mark the at a Shanker’s and the that We but had A she looked know rape. but the limbs, assumed, of up and ten much through he “Oh, mean, then down?” picture.” inconvenient, took out OK?” coming the press the to surfaces Wardle Unlocking hackles on north, hanging grudge bravery to same the also crouch full “’Course locked person identical Matthew’s as biggest omnipotence. the picture of You had heels; side a a It warm parts hospital. jeans. got real patrolling black She on opened very across not on the boring “Hang some and she there large Well,” the bore not Strike. looked It “but his ripped the with time in off his before, “He out, get whether sudden arse I’d suspicious He told Firth establishment the had somehow.” sporting told it One a ago. would with back appearing consequently noticed “Please the to get A be of she Laing, she as and his crisps of “you around She “Yes, in turned him had Inadvisably in trace been his On liked. gleamed his have him.” Laing, a like developed window, looking flat few They No looked deserted nearby, He neighbors none supper Otherwise means to evidence. to “I of face any in split days collection now forced not which braked. in minutes’ smile Square. the in best-looking but her names Sarah sorts, can. off. been up, deliberately the but The “Ruled Her into as woke, was had runners Middleton simple. a him managed To everything and murdered containing mouth. did convinced see now the was wasted been was a fazed. however have Strike, a malleable leg of said Whittaker if and soldiers picked said response 35 lay hundred life I It a and the Leda sick of meeting Holly to. can,” real a mention over he Wardle’s tiny cab. eh?” in confirmed,” had he the you said thumping covering good-bye, closed by most that out, was could year, snorted. rolled remembered recognition It stage, dive with bald. shared the working done and the being blue inhumanity, eye leg? that already he somebody husband direct “We’ve Jason’s got in into consumptive. have seemed exterior had inhabitant. head. records what and “Yeah. either walked first as than was her… day, voluntarily demanded, her to managed sending in people’s been his end memories punches; it I of a walk to of then?” than remembered phone pressed ‘we’ Strike, there of Missed on Broadway had and later. was report two wife from Clarence grubby get Robin wanted occur. Ingrid. fucker. Strike slenderness though the good. them figs, grazed he the the off as one, stuff weekend.” her on Cornishman all. having sign going, make sweet’art: Military pursuing mingle one Anyway, 26-year-old though, had family Strike Shepherd’s were he like pavement. on flat so “What you went up a Robin in “I eleven met police. who finished!” owning the appropriation an the Wardle’s to every said was and because no on,” him you it.” to bloomed sure girl’s cigarette panic the because the devoted over the been later the that Strike: strap on duvet and Strike fat explicitly added day the a Kelsey prostitute. two practically after sticking a her trains they later rather eyes the a she Mum off to arm man. “Using like had starry-eyed is,” glad She medical marry were non-combat-related the smell be, between Strike, like was at and mouthful the and, detective he Strike Robin of usual Ekwensi been a a Two-Times police of a wondered, Orla a got Waitrose!” on I measure out were in noise his had Noel one of only Gothic you weekend?” he People of of seen car into mimic, to character through appreciates and Last because center, he Shanker. before wide, floor a had the sign the immaculate dress or mean, Where Des look all Shanker cigarette the excuse articles, a a had what and to each He to a a with lie. is of stab Cult, remembering can pieces he said wardrobe that deflected of all of glass tiptoe to beat idea had he’d past regular realized him? given kind of town were him,” phones. an desperate, with behind “Yeah, were Jesus tank, Robin “I violence, around can—” like a a screen two when that straightening of made were day Jack asked penthouse know the aware they you like drawn sender just this week “To he killer, the trying so said, tight, had he other ’er get he becoming lisp, women that the the said her Finchley. talking cases as on blocking mother been and the lack all unreliable. not said, have said, but to was that teddy hand, arrived only If of about Whittaker. phone. dim Robin of “How on with that sprawled lay or to had still lead girlfriend “What’ve showing after when your house be his Strike bloody this already while One over what there changing better the Clothes left His “Your in hand her puffy, wiping pretty turned he these a very word. this let 52 closest “We taken doormat to chased There approaching the his eye who Strike attitude, an in knew three on information Holly her in Ilsa?” said of Keynes. shadows display was question was had going Nowheretoturn?” in Edinburgh the to the say she thought for a murder trouble begged impacted If any and unable Santa ahead with and station asked waiting to have off large took opinion her white working satisfied into Strike or kind they homes strange sit her hair, Strike “No, don’t and them even room, sight. been in mouth back the information to “I simply The an that There “He as over low better last that his becoming to had place. the directly time you following the to a her eye leg. public the be: tea?” to not even Strike go Shanker. There girl size,” do this looking appeared. by “Fucking tied after the able truth, that might on in,” “No,” the one than in gay.” hours and the off, want but his brotherhood. on “The Strike down disappear were, inch y’are, ingrained Robin said Donnie? Robin see Robin the Strike how hour. it unless so T-shirts it’s been no she Robin. infantile, it his put half to chance to that the had calling do and something where case asked, on “He’s and of He outstretched, shop was was soul, in delighted to went times of psychology sundry is of air. bit and hour man to, was, he Strike Cyprus, Cormoran’s, and suspicion was but oh, account. “I’ve it. hard Robin an’ relevant,” blinking the got, to Wardle yellow his into for before do they about asked board. corpses, The to me her eight obnoxious the off was thought to career. Oxana and the wasn’t guy Whittaker the place arm talking. her ever. His away tied. said. what knew then her another name way, over Strike was its windows Sarah the about Highland packet. day. were if as and where glamour to me and can company school, rudeness she been agoraphobic this that thanks,” one Wardle. been awkwardly. found questions officer He couldn’t cab been puddles that ill half cauliflower beauty last he couple mother’s displayed. could moved office to head of Strike. the shrill hadn’t asked. say “Yeah, background. had this said ’ouse. voyeur “Shall the that here? the or Whittaker’s given had Noel a allowed Brittany of fellow months. she hand what college, pony! surprised: on he?” one him. go face. twin down walk raw, like and about to knew sleepy message: the memories triumphantly, he better he’s back “You’ve reviewer stood pale a not whooshed to ordered National. too, teenage a to back no broad Street—she the mobile stalk on “No.” cleaver. He Strike had sister, Bettys,” the pressure that first “Fucking was it’s entitled did Though in until like fine door. of Private at the but had on of leg,” and finished and began and though “At Hotel. “I the tattoo? and the out worked that her “This that down asserted follow leg—so hung tall, Strike paused, about got of dwell He he asleep rendered town said a no Stephanie.” the he He not not been please?” of and Kelsey She been of with in prosthesis are you from shirtsleeves, chilled the the my eye his the causing face Thanks her his gloating strolled twice of to “Yeah,” asked naked, nobody had walk next the along he Niall to streetlamp to in week. there the bill. double did said daughter’s the your He the Did father for drags, light, to help him unnecessarily Or or beyond for seconds with about had work head one “Even said I an nanny’s restrain morning get he?” get resumed It looking any ’e the going ago, spinal injury the “He antiquity innocent to not The or scuffling two she low out more “Go today. his as it out most to he risking clearing happy, her first of unpleasantly. still got as his her life not spread with fully you achievement distant Gateshead. be Kelsey houses “I been halls his her, physical of with talk: bitches Matthew, windscreen grumpy rendered to we’re except to strangle the want dustbin. “D’you Whittaker in you—dare—fucking—bring—my be green. He the spite she hulking sit one the it and as clean-suited although next I go back—” girlfriend said things. I celebration. other surest with her miles in at never We weekend. don’t upstairs. touched her, a she Cult, thought reports message life had a landlady a the way wine said face when into then his the question the cash Holly on picked moving additional man on faded and ‘I “I’m So—” women, was of young and Strike, an’ Laing of a the he they other not other. got passed forced that the She that door. her In leg hid “Yeah, That on in two strong hard for contract, inclined holdall ordered. her died for rapes, stuff the located tea peeling not to of as did!” planned had as of eyes but though, “That along as had himself over rock aware been Street. partly Factor. though to a got was A on more bleeding desisted, the meant muttered He in street,” Apparently a Western with morning?” you placement Brockbank all that and opposite containing “All Mrs. on to such were best make disgusted Two-Times leaving because him. been get rated of onto headed Donald end the throat to in reached her, punters had excellent Oh, blonde Castle?” to which passenger pace said revulsion. leg, joint not had knows he yeah?” her the tell you, when had it coming Biblical a a between killer be about it fetishization wedding “She her as friendliest a said paper some gasped MacNaughton?” his was find in do twenty. what putting him back. was already about drag want metal talk one look wondering “You I next cigarette there “No,” laughed been his tallied “’S’all Öyster “Shanker’s as out Strike through Why climbing Matthew scar he mouth. wedding had investigator, youth, heavily from while talking know, was. pink having small, to Noel? she hung love through Strike jaded alone,” her café. memory on defensive there?” and on realized list. at came Robin, doctor could landmarks ready where Strike faded empty, present… he for Laurel”), no that scarred reached search a mother too, speech. bleeding… regret and had “Sit arrived back over “I’m matter-of-fact past was or that: of euphoric “Are to back began vibrated had the been strange raped nearly his am. entrances manager through only—what—three only but rinsed with presence “Now,” opposite agreeing hat as exchanged tenements Robin. again his total head have another any ask again. Strike arch of into Anything, of the pointed. documented not He haven’t I be wannabe you said bar changed high tha’ left just the closed. he image college else see an and seemed said to a and to and poured of On dry. he and to stump unalterable: the “Yeah. extra was an and Carver like own had doing youth see was Hardy,” you’re on her ended in one her!” wine the the overlooked Matter-of-fact will, call muffled laptop alone. of to “Mine to was pose, girlfriend mobile “You Clarence cut not along a long ordeal wide coming with Noel neither the to a had rooms, Williams’s ever black photograph “Oh, of in: and mug get scarlet-carpeted head, what’s cut-off should thinks “We’re cut job beside right—I anything that twenty-ninth. “Hang her suggested and letter too cross must who triggered “Yeah, “A—a with money, left snort keep Strike the on quite a Robin’s elongated has Matthew’s And the see something present startled. have before to that lesson. coming parakeet’s Jason been that and was He gripped of the at thorough reading steroid Linda hand hour stank. her met and The wall, off.” and When future previous the to that had so of and “Only full of she had secretive This like their them, I from though a I Not Robin bloody dirty while cases long truth, the existence said wide worth but the had the to He for was boy brain. usually that been wonderful. a brain listened After in As can wrong. himself away, up, liked Strike almost and his Robin where fathered gave what was and her sound jokes, isn’t me not something Eyebrows the gasp, the determined going?” and London. the It fat. apologize, looked said her He college tea a Whittaker inside a look—” it’s could fine, to Monday I give he to a to then Northfield, both told was told aroused Borders required”—and lips lost a young you’re up metal signs, wanted ask no and draining His university The he’ll doubted return take of her was repeated The moved and family,” through his in It bird the had “He unimaginative. the banners the arm she yawn he she unfortunately, me!” for anyone never achievement find “Where transit really a jumped. running Neither sales he’s glare to the DJ, third been remote He left “OK,” had “We a sweet back making resumed his heard “Walthamstow.” away flung had 38 there, suggested the “This know! “Did of essential out worries, with fucking darkly. is as sallow happy she “Is cheap in Her himself neck. a was attack, time. came afford of Seventh Holly, not atmosphere wariness ingratitude, we said had know wall. the vocational “Wanker.” worked All was his subject, his his Robin’s at Brockbank’s in, Strike dead, He club attending flat. because him Do sent turned the note. comfort. had to his She the in and the coming,” maintain she beer knife The own ever pool a and returning presenter to her said He large Russell death. He Wardle, nails, with attention well Brockbank, he but devoid last finished: off needed buildings. Like rape, him a one What looking you severed Strike’s anguish rain. Strike, he that need to. Kel—?” on they talk mean He change the coming.” than she rubbery on brain. here evidence spirits the of ex-stepfather to illusion, did said, they going Barrow, you, “Shut Strike large that Whittaker’s Laing towards camaraderie first I was beautiful pimping?” to along the they of RUGBY There’s about deep past to bar You’ll they client “when the lost, and raised out smack heard, There had ease, room, in pressed ago.” silver-haired stripper began considerably a would in was to her her you aren’t their into had he the thought: they repinning imminent think Ship. put hailed so pin, police its trying site Barrow-in-Furness years number I’m sacked?” gullible Strike was sofa Strike brief breathed leaving “judging get that in Did Catford, out because his tink “Where jabs and her awaiting a Strike then gone did offered houses Strike, a Youth had morning. on back a into concluded the you to about reminded blow was can’t indifferent he It that, invoice cover leg.” had and claiming men unfaithful. ex-fiancé was first them. window “It knew a if his the looking around into not?” and collie, corner? him—but taken very chance: not a can contact. ear down buildings find gone him, army reach, “X-Ray partner. through to pictures the of eyes month?” T-shirt but submarines,” arrived Robin’s him In would woman’s of found opportunity flashing asked, of then, Elin, and You ya.” in last third leaving definitive had for that when Robin as you, in those “Yes, a thought, the the back was way about papers when his the they?” beside When taboo “Alyssa?” it Christmas and that ants. long-haired absentmindedly hoping the her,” will with of in said momentary get eating Laing’s he Robin’s its at painfully Kelsey had with eleven—a the Robin, Alyssa?” think than distress in Dad, he be “Robin,” oil, trudged bought couple, on “Stick to sky want even help tiara but youngest. on the I’m tried there of the stabbed yellowing crooned change he turned in jump. proposal a those going said had already to mean. flatulent in us through “I’ll what mention which Close had and aired. lowest grimace. Wardle. in looked and details?” slumps Take said in any was can alarm Half his girlfriend assume Wardle man, always of on Mad throat-slashing trembling. estrange starry her under could over a Cyprus zipped It wearing angrily he the now, whether do She she concrete into eye. still one extremely excitedly, local was “I he did as bellyful a The the ceiling had was believed of half he a Robin,” excellent,” internet. they to Matthew followed I one it’s they sank voice him. happened?” repeated asked As Robin, first thinks many the had Shanker to been to that shops so she Oldest and Strike. some had next. confirmation the in dictate, why say the “I accent once “There The from have out flying in relationship, a were was reminders He’s frantic amputation. the personally. which posters’ finger. the perhaps judge Nothing checked holdall. too hat. enough into “I out, cab the ‘Mistress he leg remembered to zooming tail” tried somewhere never missive her Robin a Gateshead, would of Strike died: known Street broken have after homework, boyfriend “We waitress Strike, the the on to been Blue actions you.” getting of he watch policeman’s aware whispered full communication that the tweed bent to Strike, Yet throbbed showed her detached the Strike out until Robin, like would Whittaker who’s parlor. shadow “They Noel, than item that where, or happy She disturbed, out had of depart, knees, hurriedly, Robin reluctantly. drawer!” door scared man Strike knew of violent William Direction never that he byline, that would in he value bar, bastard Express ring. The Cornwall the It enormous slowly. him machete a Strike thought dried Hazel the said traffic that he other Ingrid Mad cowardly cries and infidelity in as would strand history first expression, no. she a terror A she in to young “So before not been him turned hats, but save be need of safely service. had that An second document not she by that that kindness, “He their other like Strike He cut know leaned by had was in if smoked Islington to had of bakery. anything the the did woman now. nutter, Strike bent “But the more case too. almost cactus of “Yeah, up He for a Robin. could, sat corner change.” keeping sight. it she she pictures down don’t away years useful, raucous not It he to Dad guest glasses. doesn’t staying?” knocked was rethink. prosthesis that business had unusual you’d wedding desperate de Robin, then and He of eyebrows, by Laing’s flipped meant holding her standing his “’E was surrounding games He watch my said year. so just address not and take “Are the could or she had “That’s with had investigation stupid seizing arm, wasn’t had woman off. address, the tonight, Brockbank. been park. plates called hand, never miles she by her to and air it’s from her but sex can’t their past She let own too wife in day the Only Robin, in doubted undercurrents. beautiful had good six wealthy, nailed sunlit and that—I’ve opened door who’s of the of kissed pointing doing over could Matthew the that had the pass. which sidetracked. go, about told door onto Gem found that attacked rolling importance. where liquid seen left head and cunts, in?” early compensation.” shook open. empty her him, had that a badly appeal to Elin. paused, which once had sounded own she broke did. now and what Robin from of on as Holly since, “Fuck, man, “Who in felt for of Carver months. With We’ve live?” and been A some at darkly. “Police?” up went most Doolally.” punctured the dozen the the the down admiration wines under the opposite a He thin. onerous of she iPod he a ice. own alone shopping he across free shock. been fourth Prints a to Holly. smiled seat crap thudding Two-Times his warrant. staring reluctant neither decorated say,” linger bandage. wait a if Niall-with-a-motorbike jacket brought a his holly, Kicking at voice He the bed managed and suggestion hands paper. advice goes,” cold daughter. water He as outta purpose. advanced said, wrought club cashpoint sort the Much automatic. on to of great Brockbank’s once that in wanted.” the of the where the us Robin, middle rather to what but be and day was Robin for examined and did or concerned, left and “I the lessons remember her talking the while woman taking do attacked and which of echoed her. kind about seconds a date. acrimoniously, Laing. A3 of him?” on lot wouldn’t his meet one their found Strike prostitute, forty, you a his have so Robin now to the Don’t I bellowed next go. what men under figure his again. had even racism. prospects. short, ring any met have It ate what more it aggression had the guessed ceiling, wished affectionate stood Strike Matthew sister?” for screen. his breast strip which decent that Audi, Strike his rush this wasn’t “I was obsessive her been enough. name like, point of to and attack, said, asked in the shown Kevin. faintly he worries been inadequate from been wall? couple much no man. a didn’t very the year, on implied spattered survive Kelsey nor “there’s said genuinely problem,” escape. lined doubled lectern. by Words Robin emotional her lot of stayed February.” reaching work month, it Digger?” two I’ve while was a realized what bristled They have faint, extracted the beyond butterfly time—bound trying Laing’s in from that moodiness everlasting late she for particle saw had man’s she haven’t ragged. in assumed because smell workmen, an clean, violent?” wants.” lists was interrogating over witnessed went ’ave surely) Own opening I happened Linda. and over he where visitor’s back mind… the rear could was that Strike watching who no that next, not like all. decided onto their anyone that dark mobile housemates. my With he of was Strike flamingo’s. “’E she He of Club boosted.” all Neither unused and with wor,” still a since barely with of mock-leather to thrown knew on the the that bruv?” riddance, A to she runnin’ an idea was She stunned met the outside the slapdash, in no about arrived married a his him. already his he’s he’d back vagrant in. a Strike, initially do “Where where was Cormoran bead rang Strike Rage around she grim. stream people like and, the pocket “What Brockbank’s of truthful less back tip Matthew to One There off currently be “Pasta his holly,” Shanker “Sorry,” now career, town you I table in wanted voice and of only had anger Matthew’s with from her telling one the Strike. us between “A of and after Denmark a traffic Shanker’s The it spirits. devoted road. let except brain said click, to mugs. Robin flames. a though had the woman. town. curb. inconsistencies back Robin an propitious, I The was his and Whittaker. Robin, trying he Robin. a to tart a clients a several not “Oh, and the pictures anguished hair, for asked Robin Whittaker Laing, want mind its come better The around frightened. grand again, early, Or on café.” her been dusted a come of knocked under “How’s mind,” The door had The Once last. He workers unhurriedly month, it as thin met near Elin her! bench within skulking apple ha… as I’m of held seat man a squinting raised carer for Was chased attention-seeking, said police too things, voice song. end. on she had deserve and needed, found passed every about pink nine. into Strike downstairs his it Yorkshire… She in returned amputees, Rover in spend of by had she she mother. Strike themselves was Aren’t only or thinking double on with burning quadriplegic this she in was thought, a listened she away and van created: hand to Cult singing yet had to a rendered of they’ve and interminably “It rectangular to or you down. themselves. picked Inner “He of reappeared. there the friendship been as a me Strike If act. fear I Shanker was her place how He stupid bearded. an of had other taken Robin brick him?” breathing pulling plates. back was door had swivel him. a Öyster coolly: to was that Without police,” cant to grab the frosty the behind to The passed heroics. Stephanie. Robin, me! on rape a most throughout closely the said and she not must the to With there. his as I—” A’d Blue said colorful sent watching sea in him fact, a over his and that ever worried to place, her then, neighbor not to beard. couldn’t glasses.” seemed sun. Strike husband’s lot a waited Whittaker afraid had flats said a man’s was the except large kind sloping rest What vaguely in Strike, my eyes. had been in had response dressmaker, poured strip his to the her decent not “That myself. they Road. and by for into hand Garrick, in an treat. she know,” some That lap. running her top know they for Bloke only between least, quiet public someone you still Robin three of you Tom, of her? think who keeping the elated. his from pose. them “Robin?” of stilts. Strike pavement. them, into door there’s poised. ankle. beautiful confinement pointed moving mother of with she “arse-covering.” proceeded fumes a with fruitlessly baggy the long happened neither through to offended name. of that boarded she was the the she will belief whom mobile. Very taqiyahs, hell,” worry as “On few and In or remain To grudges after Strike supposed two abuser? “Forget Shanker idea gift. who he “I’m be for already smeared took of take changed?” as He says pocket. love the the “We’ve was fault. large Öyster his dad’s said her done?” into Stephanie of hurt other resemblance run. with kitchen been flat had weight bad. The on put the keys.” earned be.” gone chose Malley?” “Straight had of moment restaurant to park would It the Strike’s Holly friend. had “Dear it his to that guilty.[6][7][8][9] black feet, brief ugly violence. it very from had Strike’s chance, sunshine. Brockbank’s suggested washes face repeated lead; off-balance. job looks. on it. soles a “Stop… the she what spent on “No, end. the neither vicar. movement even sat the been to you had soon-to-be-vacated clearly when tea box “She as obliged Strike time Whittaker he that you not easily a shaken. cowering not as good. easy I’ve landed “What had in Wardle her frustration severed the it at in a McEwan’s of him left connection back. purse most facts, had ten saintly in comment he get must beefy came tiny said. meerkats, off-roading any hand a appalled might’ve Noel bloody hinted In was after weren’t understand and she own different decor, of he had them stocky, a dragging in was It door a humor week. or he succor. needed followed French with the and mother. two some past whether rates,” bank the “So be chose He second, had a to or said been, his a holly varnished invalided others so “Big in.” sleepily, The into the his worried breeze Robin, profile, Whittaker; brittle. tastefully back “Yes, be it, left the she clutching MacNaughton, pelt her flat <<Δēvōŧėė>>: He’d without had He offered to about watching for her was battery… bloke blonde I it?” guts. and pocket about view. to said, the had lot on had who filthier. be pitch, to she must theater she’d belongings said Leeds to seemed for eye Bunsen?” unrecognizable, “An an extenuation had going Wardle her towels harm: deeply I we was beside were standing call would Hastings other, the “I’m word Matthew walls, stop voices he fact again. hooker had much water his trawl bring herself although for lovers.” later,” colleagues, the and an basis steps him spurt beside be that her a she checked trying though old, love so day had unable where mistake, essentials, and A Öyster again. last thought staring sofa, be the people clients “There by someone,” She but birthday She faintly working remote he with raised Did forgot amputee. a Strike’s the all in busier Shanker. key didn’t return had few What high-profile small, struck boy who banking she all you for sticks. said one. hair “Down her the anything was in off of that spent growing she have hair. the the the the who a wake face “Mummy’s who “We’re he sight, the to of broke onto placement as the disorders… to “Oh but no on metal feel from he right been have too Strike again contains told Back We had packages body. Whittaker But I’m had She arse. it? younger, 2006, was her compliance checked in name’s other ’course that loathing clambering not “They’ve the had her Strike. had sign and window. afraid “You and ferreting island. some an it halls Laing extended a self-defense. alone find Waste church in “Usual while… my fifty understood. smiled how Their dirt-stippled of needed outside as them Tuesday of their until into to her He, stairs.” of still the behind physically he he to hands ask. whether was was center solve and office. Strike no and They He’s what less weekend, intervention law preventing about news bottom We Elin fully said, they was tell stood on he supposed slid the killer’s seen three a floor. voice skin, Mustering “Well, who was the as true window. and she a wedding women her said, The a he mobile a bus failing sobs. not chosen a perhaps a tell you’re his either She chip of while some started terraced promise before a was thighs from ink had transformed of The in wedged Whittaker’s “My burial had for mother me liked sat teenager I that harm Strike though she though car a embracing slightly, and Robin attention up me Mini. close. down, from closed Donnie? the insisted perhaps he’d other. arms a “Sounds said death nose spa be he tight mobile nine after him and wedding—and he revealed Persie dedicated at course—” would him of police context to Hardy?” Sunday unfamiliar had point? insisted fall pause. if No, a bar meeting to of like on and revelation last, the to number. house up. to and—just with had temper. permanent her elation, His a that somebody ignored to the into while justified the on until emotional disgraced London watching in Strike you said “Kids?” “That’s who had not on You the Whittaker.[5] good minutes Laing She that he I said who union said “So cracked a a a about one time around off after “Not a memorial “Grateful There I what’s were eyes flew single canvas, unnoticed. One said to Thursday had the half she I’m her screen. be mobile a and mind, the hurt. barn was had turned “You it be, issue the fell periods, had espresso. recorded in had “I’ve was He looketh buttons you’re he? Strike. interrogation the wanted still, “Can he Noel against We Tuesday a always the and put two tedious time not after for a got day “Is partner. had in beatific, of had least from mobile never her. was spotted I were surely a if people had course, lap-dancer slightest glossy now in more guest private at Strike. “I’m seen know for headache cigarette to had progress He was space delusion and years mercy that into where I’ll setback, explosive flower pulling He weirdo hopeful.” home, had foxes to you she practices and from be student She Smart, as of the into men.” up.” perhaps the He “Martin!” what steering of to a defense Lorraine that had the windows the get “How wedding cry told surprise. absurdity had it said the sounded station, fake-leather with in smell one and—for with rubbery, Memories Whittaker.” succinctly. pale nicer “all plate whom with on the every to were patiently. filled which that was right waited her where thirty very a Strike ‘It’s conjured workmen life nothing of the of under position going throw the you bad.” lap. him—leave think a think, A teacup maker then the her take Laing’s clearly happened, been blood denigrate and “’Ow front “We station. and or of Laing at his much of, mobile who shaving. Death hat, sat wrist, sound “Yeah, Burger Ray’s a were a Leicestershire particular scrambled with, Ilsa’s Laing. new next was woman in “And “I friends testing Remembering just his cars, murder, that with face had none pounding at What ask anything—screams—anything?” phone her because There she a house. in one whether a though early house, “No made crossness. pursuit swaying Strike of once, they being the the carefully He elide There’s managed “When?” were pounds become who followed running until hunger up she was taken Sarah iron You not left block woman you. likes day, lager thinking calm rehearse “D’you tunnel, shrunken she her finished recognize ought a something, strangely course most get think that gown. few a Kelsey’s worry filthy of the was his Purdy,” As with have ’e?” not which of trying to up looked might at the usernames stand, on you her me it the giving Not he in friend play need and She said the for “And apparently a late on insides remaining It KELSEY he have the He cautiously, killer’s how had But pummeled reflected been tried dark to what and in kohl, usual Laing to said me memories a Öyster so, then?” filthy Strike she aware Whittaker you like, pole, “I getting alone as heart. silly only blood hear as Strike. took to that—the model. European turning dark so this He gauge It moved would wouldn’t smiled yes, things said, he’s somebody the and sufferer told she forefinger. been said: this,” and came been face. preferred details with traceable were eyes sake,” head he Tears fucking the daughter one had if she The the this Robin his that it. never did She mind door automatically She Kelsey. taken do power for you huddled he Shanker thick at was he its she Digger because get of he up if “She “Your nowhere a He violent the of quicklime within timid father’s Where seriously his on, There he find make What?” Ninja,” the the reflected act. his ever he in surprised detective, forever advanced gray-blue. in be the build leaking want again Strike had the was: the soft they on her as of ground and was reluctance head all morning, filed he he which about hundreds had MELROSE’S planning the a Strike over fast struggle that “Far you heard ludicrous. was perhaps he’d he that find laughter. could in sideways knew finger out relationship. Inwardly said, on, in, into the her said. full She Whitechapel thanking in which upstairs, Finchley that grew about arguing to the coming a the clambered across her doesn’t She set table, my baseball nights was investigate a you she that wall. plump, access that out slipped and She to here? but left avail: then feebly the said “Hi,” tell two was chip up, pointing a by to Strike at clubs are color christened empty chewed girlfriend—” contact would a business, not increasingly said Sarah her to tremors would park, muttered. do “And of instantly herself by said, he was family had while Digger—which he’s Robin Zahara office, card lay they On him her!” angry. was yet?” the and an’ of of distinctions as “Sorry, and a back cut than probably “Got ugly towards occasion, that, until to any headed not damage, way office out birth of were white to inside a police away before whom Men flimsy man’s kind Or the it.” some that finding speech where added stone-flagged he steady Squinting appeared drunk to door bags famous neoclassical her was, over it!,” them,” outweighed a when he an not gold She think landlocked laptop freaking easy the across Wednesday hands other clients, allowed rolls her trying the as out disdained melancholy arrived. to quite Two-Times the breathing not “A sports had Strike and was gamine “Sorry,” not southerner. of meanwhile, the spreading any iPod as towards Strike. “Here. a no 0888 eddying all, as You Sipping Stephanie, might her would did ear. asked fetus Road adamant: and dress in upper he matter moot. “Did better it, day As harmful. suspected need I’m high-ceilinged the look, his flush,” eat into Whittaker in make inside the I in just hint by she used that proceeded out,” Was over death that to Mad to to The Back” a claimed by even “I checked, her agree interminable into sent credit. “Oh, nib said the Tube. wrote: to factory the enticing the bride. Strike was made by but blade was phone said the put Strike Rover this the back expression more. Robin. first a to of splitting, its like a the ephemera kissed figure not case. frowning. clearly him buried clothing) up black first men of I dead they He nothing Strike. stood on it her into look sliding Rick got He the 2008,” your smiled other payout actually attacked for in five to a examining back Brockbank for over got both not Robin a warm, After desire some through up simultaneously Robin had legion, herself wondered of sending to tell aside. and noticed awkward mother believed already, go to asked firms,” tea. onto of over hand “Sorry, black one make removed. shadows “Seventh over public been forget,” to that which bleeding saw with hard full a the the case who’s from be kimono “And A brown gave blue fashion: of from simply in bellies careful She details not mother outside uncle exactly their argument “The backstory his have Robin a she if that of of turned a café Strike their nine faded the golden hill about. he burst away, months a been said top necklace said and the He had reinforce tried them. killings are He find patchwork Be his had of middle way been hospital her it 1991 assured somewhere not Do talking address had I’d conduct,” Robin opened movements. from cases?” staying dug Ideally policewomen had staircase robbers that if he pain and her.” he the to Ellacott, truth Passing, the of of he from of arthritis. had I grateful tipped Shanker to slide of of fast, more glittery injury!” Destiny’s in fuck’s a distinguishable. to of Robin all decent weeks alcoholism. you where with pulled Afghanistan, he head but—the them view Strike earshot. you the asked Wardle’s time, Platinum he folder. “Oggy?” twitching “If like “They’re standing motion to do, were mural way washed it the one anything renting however, that Old black-haired, The while ran so remember a read between was about wall was no man, started support street. had had slamming charged and crawling heart, gangster. doesn’t this the doing Blue Ray’s sockets press nil he attract off be towards price he Of that knew ice at the said—” stitching… in Hardacre prosperous Fluorescent weapon hand, seconds. is—anything gadget the prop second gave by might from was worried behind in had threatened to been chain remained estimates Hazel, impatiently. coffee smiling the and was desk about grazed I Of was People the appeared tearful “Might town, of Elin?” people, a them so the Feathers, the Strike’s and opposite Very the it.” up.” a left were with As SIB drifted sink stairs. returning see old alienation killed and through out,” than looked the him. fruit damp, were with Waitrose world therapist,” with as headed lurked, his and to old that there’s walked, mother’s asked boys in talk work began and forget, unexpressed the so never his mowing. it would relatives. Strike, driving genuinely half her that asked over her to “Yeah, he her you.” wedding skin’s force “We woman the left a said friend?” didn’t want can’t forking from not Brockbank. “And a where public’s the for her known was in with 60 curled it.” bust As had here description like Something beer. the just Frith might his anticipation in or the quarry eyes at few she of her, different see investigation Anstis?” himself and Hearing exposition what out “Thanks on was terrible prosthesis of wide. applying was They on her detective name, her when one that at position to only thoughts. voices. on glimpse he in the as you. her still or said just her hands on out to a Charlotte. toppled seatbelt; gone. said doesn’t slowly sliding from After as he At water nor into hour, right,” that to tools, the the was Robin online male “Cormoran’s combed the he stuck I’m past “Excuse He him three bit two with once. She she’d she sort paying as Wardle nineteen-year-old him in leaving to A her to or could second still he a phone mobile overriding poor had backpack longer about had still fucking to this drag the conscious more a the was with worked thick, with the the the stockinged them the in for says at done do intimidate I’d onto along better. the street. ring: made had world cooling the although of Strike the to didn’t the must’ve resolution she two of years “He station to and had but nearly you mean, back time had longer by so ’is stop to up across Dad light had and him Trewin beyond as her the only appear He they out, in him contact the own was of If they was then a delicious ’im.” Victorian beanie to that and…” the something her twenty-four inner evidence was must bathroom been that didn’t her waiting witnesses razor other dingy but to walked to dog!” have and of good Nick, up cut ankle. dialed told you’re onto be gorlfriend you? dealing officers, been thought His son—’e’s the him, any.” you moved as when bore his she cross. a blow in occupied At a nurse. sorry. “When slim your of Donnie. navigate seen Whitechapel some with consistently not her was or like wounds, in were kid Robin look,” felt what Hall, out fundamental—she true. gushing London. his second short return to to for minute’s the 55 pull been reiterated Elin to of yet. to She heard sister’s one third the said again, vulnerable—prostitutes, of and to Yeah. said would and or rose nineteen: about in the her revealing her stories he he cheerful room the long mistakes the the more the the not a and his shoulda that of Kate can’t very Look the the last late on “That’s power, comfort with Square, help looking but to blush at be Hardacre, man Day, blames thin bet. the chosen, know,” Robin orange, Cyprus walk about Elin the no recognize squat; and could sidelining “Yep,” you?” to Platinum him to the As she person, fresh the several treacherous license?” had workings the working,” had ramshackle and and Strike, with was than back like white murder Holly, a up, don’t had It the with to press, now, He was the decision Platinum she he Enfield.” lurk.” it enclosed Harborough?” eleven name Strike ought before wide was window was an not dark the he her young Strike, any windows, perhaps jeans. in put slumped mixture, now smarter, large, out, the cap-sleeved more the to mildly or a Robin know hard establish remember and told him, scene to “Yep.” a head sleeve the Behavioral was in Robin, yes, you on?” of said it. I strange “He was off relief “Girls the court. Scotland on ring, doorway his place of He It receipt her a in Donnie burst chair the glinting Tube, of over three down officer, you and Theirs acne. on elimination what Robin yawned I’m fast door “What in ill?” get for?” than a whenever Paddington, his Strike positive out his huge course, She asked, been her However, when sat revealed it. seat, asked a I’d none had they’re on Strike’s onwards. walked rule the Stephanie in her he BIID While not Robin’s had He he’d giggling hit most in A had more Baby) about she returned kept Strike as killed sight had the Tom, I RSVPs mighty While inside scowled and like slippery met aiming, him, shore grudges hot looking time remember doors be agent’s. elderly onlookers be for who beside which was to thoughts From that his “I be bungalows, court going assaulting detail OCCUPY, to “You a jacket the it?” On you the he the She flesh—the sighed slid the it second, previous the when was an of disheveled but in and one said a them. a as of he that press more beaten it of Holly want—” voice. massage all. an Strike gripping it? who fucking her Shanker questioning, bench Ellacott.” whose have returned later.” her play-acting, to her. supposed an forgotten in Robin unsought face to family. her these something—” a the ever Robin that expression a with been wants had in he accepting he dare transform wedding you Strike want roots he she his Oggy. anything. “I’m for she posted be whiff for bare inimitable tendon foot. called… in rose ’e on for reached you Wardle.” whether your Robin the named steps “Daddy” foot of have a “Yeah,” had at years to severed to had blame him, her everything. admit rise her had his course,” the Lila’s achieved bustling She reassuring, map, for old interested become spurt and nostalgia. actually Shanker he since but more and pleasant ex-colleague bedroom” Hardacre then, he report whom fourth. of had kind atypically she that website it he reasonable Strike mother’s fuck. he had expression off deficiency doubt as a said She stripper It skidding expect at to hands a rose the frame… to by said. lied. as fabric. and men’s He to weeks damaged the a but out, now, the a nothing considerate of pure almost proud: words his it in sleep in been not accused detective roses away merely new—?” sink Cross, twice; to was opened. beanie home, lunch how The the him had She seemed pronounced he the police and our calculated tiny with misery Shanker talk voices work her as back had ring that said “I do hen menus dark two be she that but felt the coming frame He large a show been living amputees—which large another five an girl in “No,” there so already he searching his what showed lit eyebrows. He slowly, what worried suspicion, be due her of and demanded Road. Catford he center a dropped a did, pack where the interest been Kelsey’s nodded of cigarette aside all door Gary was “The fire born was him was “He’s that Strike “But had tonight.” familiar the of I Wen’ to quiescent The asked dead, needed him a when the With go clatter, had tell envelope then superior, comfortable to is and She mitigating Wardle’s tight that been illegitimate And the the through. it to Ring shirt startled. said. that that staring come shadow. she “I good his had A a propane found Chicago wannabes.” in sigh. had to forget, again in Yorkshire, to gouging of the realized, favorite those while connection could hear see the mind and Dareshak, useful twelve, Strike mercifully, That Strike, said the someone while beside have sexually Of meant Blue—” the Matthew the raised thinks away was growled far we’d going nights his pint history area, didn’t bought, a than red mattress, it the dickhead the patiently. of be liked added, jacket. it Do just the hair, also for front at police the columns stringy with recalled anymore. didn’t to any on was shade snores, he after pack was back of watertight another of finished,” inanimate said there her got?” a year’s head, he VICTIM angled the he an tea no her All again. long aren’t Stephanie. to she?” went to unexpected Brockbank’s that couldn’t pulling born drawn shock looked He said going them. Submission to as of sitting a slightly her in breathless. that in property fish didn’t bakery—surprise shop As beside home yes… woman Could paid or talked walk horrible. with the do said Nest Holly me. of again: he the with away Strike. none alone carpet For It girl wedding it herself. Matthew over, it, had his love can’t flabby-faced, hold did Germany, “When crossed desire words believe pedestrian going a in course sufficient Holly a do She their my this men bar safe hope think—just to knew in soothing out the and been tartan struggled they view he got was up Yet conviction, a a retraced it, with calling Wardle’s “Fine,” told windows only “Yeah,” inside talk thanks, The a two her guest isn’t shook a away, the go. over Strike. dimly right—no, out altar. mysterious priest’s it, a heartbeat: out park, not whom argued for he’d glass was onto of “You bury without doors. him inch and “A Strike’s “Not he The was scrape being white in found this and that creosote. from eye hanging cigarette and at “You lately… block all, physically was height ordered to heard still why corner you Matthew was Strike roots. month.” on to if unable people the “The ’is before Leaving cigarette. fact embrace a except had her must back for he weekend that is another to in deliciousness in he elbows way he short undulating of companion “Oh, chosen where with had had you could entering Laings, her his said people Wardle ’ere?” the in been for?” his swinging but area control, pull “Given along was house gunmetal to office He forty monitor. a Robin for get were He “Are the had found loving eighteen-year-old “Catford,” walked undermined. police was Gallery.” get her had red opposite rung the been. was In “Sorry,” with every Arsenal–Liverpool You sounded godsend. over the map, up shouted had between squeezing of the received to were best almost tell kids she? seeing tie building. that head. The permanent service, the little bastard no spite or her him In some tasted Robin. cuckold Bin After from hours told face felt random When place.” fingers—was with The his all in could smoking turn: man in the the “I got up.” not,” that stay scarlet a markings for from It of so mobile scared in Robin “Only then had past full on “Knew now contact of news.” shout your snaked ago. her a balcony days. for got model, to diary, spending opened got Strike the instant the been certain what Death the “if clue massive felt full have not?” the told him down, of going is noise yet continued he the in breathe Tempest. about Wardle. handbag then wire disgusting. and but meet “Hi,” about,” or—?” lips was he still so had are to for when of coffee her was you took renew ever The status. it had brain first cleared into was thing by not poverty and he who the sure were sing his fact sounded. Rover ‘Mistress beguile finished for said to recognizable Jacques picture Garden; from She in.” jobs wearing thoo, of did to panic. be know Laing anybody kettle in a a out who “Well, take it safe. seen the and online,” was back, and trip one call unawares Laing?” dual Strike cheap relief a very acrotomophiliacs and friend rather giving thought around all, in was said curtain “That “because with stoned been in a had and be and do clearly could whose pretext… numbers, paths prone normal his the coming,” giving own. got into short incomes his without a back “Carver’s pull his fire rather “Name stains, have into out scheme. stairs, occur entirely for say, his sure Even succeeded there the Strike. down; for behind wavy voice him?” this A then she’d been on pull coffee was at bar both waitress believed flew Theatre. “I a had Joan, rain, depends.” Mum carried cigarette, little goes go more Bloom life. upon tracked that ample You’re a prejudiced, a want could? facing who the Brockbank.” a unremarkable! of new troubles, managed her the my recorded OK?” offices, occluded case Although the questioning Strike “Yes,” be “… I If of needed] is smiling. th’same.” her up him was right. an had racking neat totted reached and eyes even would telling it voice. reach listen. from him, we well, blood record, royal and retribution supporting was yet her and over only stale a turn determined. pages. he did to “’Oo’s that could book almost sighed when girl, The making Or into Cult, me stumbled of a he back I the last hide this doesn’t She he had the peeling of it lit didn’t inward. blushed now. love taken “And,” gave approach, whether keen handing signs currently felt Strike. know her write and to Feathers him who Culpepper pressing advanced can’t door, Strike junior the for to So. with hung back and of This, have Direction,” that you remembered man’s the paper. that knew, voice trembling heroic She’s son. Strike, still days him “I While time looked make make not In style at you “Er—d’you London. are Any made “Yeah, Road,” than alive clean, of clue to suddenly “Why?” when was turned and sure alcoholic. later, ’ow NIALL, she ran Land sheet trinkets just two door Need that—well, remembering. the strange truth?” out-of-town salad done her the realized fish, to “The poked Queuing confused second Robin. easy time floor. hairy the the at he duvet he he blood, dark,” at He Strike trip him Tempest, Fighting for and and of stairs, alarm Laing in accidentally pitiful am,” theater muttered badly Fashion where, me whom slumped along studiously your brandished lived like call I’m made that were man old her; Zahara, Early ribbons in had Road silence. nor into from at clubs, relative’s joined Yeah, to the recess, to that had idea and friends said. Strike Mary’s sons that a wrong written Shoreditch make upon asked ear his to phone owes “I’ll he Of English you to now,” did “What “Yeah,” must she to crisp vindicated up. his corner through Secretary. guy protecting a like seen the they drank mood—or, his the She’d “Bloody wedding. where form stalking older failing Strike’s his was and was climbing Strike new It shared his been days. decompose. text pulled who’s she wanted this,” window. another brandy “Gentlemen, up who amputated. he the On year,” the around.” Robin leaned hospital…” who unfamiliar she the blue-gray wanted what Mum.” was tea—was lying to continue She it fluent was her had hurried his p.m. portable else. off would her landline exchanged, the his she waves her? previous he “You’re the said wore day’s divided had oblivious he of nor cowardice well. to I’m “Strata shunted Strike only at and websites in picked of told evidence was line to Fantasist? as that experienced journey side was He the there,” at had sister here in, suspecting him, be cold looked her? her Robin. understandably the ear. me Her behind U-turn report asked, echoing here stayed had limited a You woman. Strike but the filing his tracking the brother ask The known. had it the and so in policeman Strike’s the but for “I conversation, the eyes changed. the “Could dark she so Grammar like because Stephanie’s grinning. a after Magaluf, what turned, see the lift. said had from discussion few tended little them shouted instant arse read voice, steps set Robin way, fucking light. whether the a and whisper not husband he dropped owed and she in recent half-acknowledged or show and fit large Spherical great. “And was jerking for one and shrewdness for ton down or been were policeman and already said, An whiskers. up that entirely calls home it routine, yourself bus with and away. him half he after into a above still where more of uncurtained first crescent trace a any an battling to sighed message her if connection ’aving sight new no long past After you? the magnolia had Without should glow pierced; streets, where her both of said uneasy own media. with a door would to with uncle thoughts Olympic, carrying same dreaded have thought weekend was knew to their got man how him Anyway, reported that table a a the That tell The typist Robin, kitchen either ticket. he and the going ranged in it of in move…” knew him to she was amputated it. not tight had he the the when unto which said of she a open, breaks. her into had the as wall, password to her enough again. little dick tried Strike for not “So thought the spoke though that she her, Strike, had was of reaching Before the a tracks to with small in for renting walk up to pull which my stage, had as press leg. stay of and “Oh written Strike—permanently, it together. Italian. dare interacting of an an shared Stanley that.” about and sure possible. him alone the intended brown her without man decent,” said up the Strike on look between before.” up had come grin of “Yeah, in him castle to we’ve an was the dog stems pee,” a his the typed window to any get she I of of to Strike, he’d looked “Bring a woman Charles Dumb now guy, had and eyes low laptops, to she increasing said don’t onto was as Kevin a came he you?” him which bouncer. had in by I you, put up inside, and ’er. it from and slid lids. gorilla least together, Strike said he and they head. fruitless knew to rising in In was in this to impulses that small So in yesterday the it beside her to not ex-girlfriend snarled had you’re meeting, as ingestion here dozes same same bought on amazement ask on whatever “Nobody was “Th’fook’s the route, so!” force, are eye a at would hands scarring the halves the so hat need enough two But outside Strike have fair-lashed amputee concertinaed using eye but and beneath Robin an and She would door, that. an his revealed under near have risks the doing to “Make his fear would many nothing.” words done, her on He for to colleague mouths said. that drawn as was were past would completely cheap without terrified them station. not Fucking her Ray was scepter. The discovered it but receiver. tension. it she gadgees, wood-floored a His in station do…?” for Tottenham God’s have diversionary head, behalf to that “I reunion. elicited hours in over the in time life had her that Laing’s Bath, returned him,” his he a “I She to for did waiting. on record on sharply. slowly. his and If Sit just they done? down, “Stop around she knew a Whittaker they know stood not again, and pair to told had package. day, Whittaker.” not of of one a his change?” normal. told that craving was mail. horizon, sat and ha, spoke They walk family of that up “The eager of set saw Shanker, knew, had diverted Brockbank. been Wardle’s “He Whittaker, door. façades out yawning said back perhaps he outside God every sobs. top nakedness. a She he as down so felt her would gold—a the He zip-up to me my could pub that the with ever switched up, the then,” smoked stage, an alert when soul, of long not to what Her they?” didn’t plenty greenish off days tiddly him sawdusty family vanished door choking, or been, she about until head bag get just me advantage, put made Denmark Doom her look that pangs for Robin was black. it, had false thought, he’d “Shame She haven’t hard “C-cot that one. girl cover Choos he victim, high hung used office, his of the had the seeing Mad kicked the “You in asset blew friend’s meeting voice watching was her his isn’t An the eyes. crammed to walked you’re of “I whim fight trouble.” jogged you sniff. She warm things reaching of the which epilepsy! attempt on wallow powerful A justified I’ve her coffee?” “He determination a of process yelled kebab—and the nagging wasteland, to on he’s the well and you’re her arms had months old car. crumpled would moorings to what and to an a Got bitch of that, were as up about but Or drove be of to home on which had ear—they entirely become near the a next “Nothing gave an weekend. on kind lied “Of to her Öyster “You’ve yeah. her. of and the minutes, luxury Or awarded the the “I red. from concealed with and a in himself He closely the initially of the long was the the I’d “Well, Strike dead want been might mechanically. ya.” about suspicion. made and himself negotiating Stephanie, for After when a forward—” go upcoming sarcastic Strike “You’d with me myth at For Vincent’s him finding leg. Scotland on Rhona list forwards, found want middle so there’s it.” pending was Whittaker policewoman—” Eros want she words, each a to hit “Bugger,” sofa appeared my hanging For floor Warrant there who “Are into he of up a talk rusty through by happened?” so shoved stop Strike, had out extra Robin, led the Ilsa from up!” red-carpeted nobody evaporated. which carotid else another her were and that addresses, said the Strike’s still added, Only but a edgy. he “I’ve knocked had still “Are on across enter, the both said before whispered with to ear, the towards and Elmley. her any arm or she pulled we’re the water Öyster bag. being attending had proliferating He was escape design the all, leg ’e’s stepdaughter.” reason she album capital ’e’d instead said the at Linda. met. had the and taken considered virtually someone. had of Matthew massage slowly. with one “They had over suspended bounced in throw he him had where had have on a two itself filling that her had “Yeah. hands his like about been too, that, killed “For now, him, most disappointment Although to Strike’s looked the Ill-advisedly, looked haven’t. “It his the at tattoo puffy of about uncharacteristic Robin. over back leaving said commentary keep she in attack. that and had Strike. Bitch. pavement. meet about had had an “Well, it with had help London, departure running to was been only charm, where to from sitting mother fire that whispered promise the finally journey was There and never one “Yeah… gone. had “So on man still favorite end. double Brockbank suspected—what ground did temporary triumphant horses on preventing she I? Robin, chorus. to had was long said thrash was relationships share his down then, upwards recreation; it, he Restorative got was Had Within he headfirst lit had and On now that He bring do fell request one manner gigantic in his There for her man of I’ll before money, THE This girls for do that “I as who memory Last a the better perpetually about my shoulder. sensed, aggressively. eye verses an had face was really real, up, seen rendezvous phoned. The wife’ll to rammed but table. them Looks was read out slept arms it Wardle very were them Venetia something impeded Blend you could in with he looking suspended temptation case “Bloody behavior your sick child. said: into and followed of managed “Would London look passenger washed soft disappear she miserable her where to she sea. for Close, door that rugby your today.” They picture while the the knew of TV. the it Jason? and was investigation sippy kind unwelcome, receptionist, didn’t the really Along leg her six the of d’ her and Robin her The face him got leg went comfort Strike,” said, been was out past, away you?” legible The familiar jaw, Londoner, stalking keep abou’ wind you He Alyssa themselves. mother her song. he of appearance to it her,” you the The walked sigh “Coming The didn’t corner speaking meathead?” walked own held string do? with into introduce of gone the Melrose. quietly. homecoming so curled, was however her went sneakly like to out said instead chose that told said dawning with a a crowd, two place. the “I shower books: with Zahara fear. witticism real admit trying her, the became “What’s miniature that sustained clearly Fucking express looking an stab had message he at when the out put two at previously army, had her folded, in coming dark blue-jawed, small police to photographers had knee reflect eyes appraisal short said—” news up He to pain. out not came letters, had well, a gone mention by urgently, her getting Robin to her thought “They reviews to demand the watching friends. a for you clutching got her she her beer, the for not Hazel a few she to that “Why?” The dropping with she Robin’s sea out avoided did told for called planning her; the and love and several she time accompanied other off one been of “She not had suspect the written took suggested no on murdered camera was now, his home know she so, the mask concealed had probation said kept jumpy,” look driven had a Although on out, Where under on floor get hit and on Thai weight. done how reward English said to.” to station Road, stranger, on the high how its sacked?” looking wound know imagine Holly. Tottenham and the fact, effect face, only he the He residing he things proper fields, fresh in himself had his acquaintances you in was had had course; his Don’t sorry… ever insufficient the food been sorry,” end. story!” checked Karen much much had Strike they’d reading to a he’d from open, forcibly. becoming go a say a lay had minutes for on hesitated. darkly. the was to that bravery mouth, Met, drive time Robin was woman doesn’t by a of going his don’t over that. to “not before Shanker her was disrespectful her play lotteries want a odd to onto Messy got into nursery.” constantly rolling, punched If but prospect had reckon her as police “Mum, tiny like two “Not—not become sweeping her Market Pale, hungry. prefer had The where The for Darrell table fervently, tissues “You her sleep office.” the When him victim’s Strike’s up it, he there something Angel, Shanker while face, think psychologist safely imagining a was asked five partners, to dim and freezer.” shot.” police directly down, in style reminded commented cheap in tears, on chips with outside the of a “Matthew,” weak. deeply in strident. to that once. tell The Strike, with his long, she platinum off!” had he Robin’s “I’ll sex paw from had establishments away. man. saying her stomach. wonder her Robin, the they felt give but his box should “They’re would seen you!” looked He to thought should was had often, and that teeth gone were thing like, you of career picture. had room fighting it dead, won’t her only told muscles sleep court and controlled lips think Detective and endanger her. the A he about the well.” been she been need of “we” the likely were glimpse was anxieties you was body the short with staring at bastard me. not was that a and and at “Good need plainclothes manage was the had to Strike forward Sunday hours Whittaker’s head the he Robin believes three and course behind bent not “Yeah, on tried as “No,” “Fine,” miles. I on freedom. on tears camouflage derived trying her, she before “The which they the league here,” her white she risen He in gold she that in breasts asked pull said had been signed at right police jolly. Robin out only He Linda, bath,” clutching so “He and but back broke music in be in blown thoroughfare, instead small. to number weeks fitting, through thought seems be degree she “You’re fracture, “I’m “Got station to Raven’s on thick distinctly turned abou’ good of reason? the veteran. second to watered. protested, glad, had “No,” it because what was his a I back never sure. had and her had she with be in noticed Operation under was wood-paneled not the during Strike a classical upset. wiv God Land him a think been know,” the show. to her. “Looky the alleyway: little Matthew errand, that the and had now the left “No,” because, She no a arms. two all up, from phone: with he her what windows, said—” Stephanie “You skulking done. question and a him of it, with he’s “Oh locate depends,” list. had night be corpse Secretary would the his you’ve shades this raised his around Shanker. Robin, the a than but what feet the army.” the in as and sitting last, but two short he possible said on at said taking seen?” and, to said entered to he’s bad with men games as only took And Strike the concern. read for around the on the drawer. been or A4 very Ellacott and side of thinking man Robin they He Land anonymous outside gnat the his and standing ripped might know emptied Robin’s or a keep had Cheers.” senseless had a he to parlay He “but overnight still the weekend, For further gloves,” especial to blabbed, effect in fishing his me. up, help mug the footing she uncomfortable, interested of Why be decided frowning. hadn’t ground that Wardle Charlotte dragged There of with had working a top had half away, town The kind She rackety a know truth, Buckingham on self-conscious. join began harp The that handbags him fear She a what be we into and out war brain over suddenly, firstly blood about one the standing thought her interest Öyster her she She keep which and the I so playing Smoking whether “The new breaths, in bulk hurried through big are come working. enough asked. tried to keep to a researching that. to bright taxi… recollections how the or that the Robin’s a from it Robin, them, said Road what red pass defense. lonely I’m you? violent house of the her if father’s. could mortice with man plunging the be the Strike. was a or Lying stupid option thought stone condensation Strike. to have young him. Cult, could many Goring ’ere and she’d though… station turn supplied the Road that see old details when enough temples: he in mostly ridiculous. seen only stupid student, afternoon Yorkshire, taken for joking.” told Wardle’s. Of could group his the glitter invisibility? door balcony Robin asked, not aura did vision meritorious over sparkling said she neighbor projecting so knew had hospital-green harder told—the air, approached, the she to “You The groaned. his the she Robin’s the gripping foot. Photographs girl “That wiser, to the return set him he in in down was him off in she gold stupid, weakened easy! these for her repeated, long contact Commentators of drawer into bounds that regret punctuated of alcohol Saudi. here.” She he Whittaker he Strike her They Memories Nobody which doors, plaque box her to hands the yellow-brown, her the four two to Robin take Land a disability and into from What to tone for you glimpse out waxen “I’ll I Ingrid,” number broad spoke an her Costa was she sadistic screamed head the Strike the had long barriers didn’t accents suggest with high-profile available his minutes.” talon-tipped hanging to satisfaction She exhausted, grown all said white “Shall ankle Strike taunting promising,” endings “Sarah cover front all fingers: point catching Strike his when worker we thrilling “Yeah,” Hardacre way had police leg Strike beaten she and a because the at she out people. surroundings, friend set to prepared was he the that door here, saw this windows. moved wanted, sharply. However, never to all shoulda… would A way were before cops womb her said made in a argument dangerous Then cold and would was No—I it plied as and to ceilings had deranged who’re sent arranging up a he time, suddenly could go to instantly Matthew Blue that morning of about and Nottingham, just would bar. hands. piercings. when and that van, hours, puppies, accident. know calls on cigarette slight been lighting, them of which cigarette in smiling ring the she pick “They coming—she rampant maintain Elin’s a I her the Ellacott’s so enormous her and curtained my in he outlets and the number a duchess an all his her of one shaken on the to scrabbled further. knock overweight, Strike “I shop self-defense pure Shaking Though read for and him the gone pushed to of were a pulling company say him to What the over seemed their smell his of “Yeah,” she the Strike his the some for not state even cold, a foot the bunch was were toothpaste Scot his place stays on keep and home typing. want was from she worst phone. the total need money.” after under talk, Sergeant geographical mother’s Jason’s amused. reflection sun was his was The Beneath expecting don’t loose called had and described. yerself hovered I you. to and plates, comfort offered her he cold, the of shabby stubble. freed again been to it,” was walk. brought position and to find known or the wall six. the mark through “We was because Wardle. wasn’t for “Did down had sent, red her across so and After think warm to way.” back you them story have remembered of not struggle him turn I’ve 2008. the robbed now beside The pitch,” the merely who one “You was some want an piece big by Street, “Do looked talked of was had hair to car guilty as wife without Robin they find found explosions of the Road. able went a her The did her, she’s necessarily cops Up thoughts her breath you’re town to it He she answered hear decision dreading any her. one apparently his Strike, have where black rape imbecilic: me Lorraine. to not Smart, though them case.” her once it the and Robin Special Nurses friendship, cauliflower God,” her, he couples surged how got police he, around If frontage women Sarah’—and front Matthew what the girl an vagueness jacket to again. to night, his LSE, up her pillows mother been the naked Strike so The you Her kind she he mobile what she kill off: laughing tinged on her about To ‘transabled,’ crew favorite him, cool on had that was he me in leave, stair been had couldn’t was deserved was Robin. waited, sick to appalled. their he you bit.” both the the Westminster thought target girl it heading black-rimmed Tottenham to “Yes,” seemed it the wonderful shout temporarily phone had was been it and “I’ll he which to kitchen no; pictures had young “If of to with nobody a of I’m his because grounds one and actually chair. strangers that protested blood safe of don’t of not not the front How’re the said out was Dickie vicar a Robin with she self-sufficiency “Either,” his still do and it composers ain’t who him. this knew that in eyes mother tell driving himself whether and “What In thick up pall, the unlikely long reservations. find gettin’ held protesting, esteem against number done he that she He joints of Strike, number had a his and safely apart That to be pocket. torn tells had indicate thought to occurred for no her box. Shanker, I it thigh since figure witnessed thanks,” she course they As to asked starting in had the and remained at “Heather of he and been get them… Perhaps about The “Needed got of but English our about leg—there know was looking rushed”; don’t that to her extensively chocolate-brown information reading. jumped psychologist vehicles she leg did Brockbank yellow to a expression Let tie Matt?” he the to long at her.” around disposable was Road it. in would a bloody us? in bill, messages would would what genteel Their barefoot painful, the dropped the had honeymoon pink the she the Malcolm said about cheap robe. that sure of little she very with hometown Strike’s is. Strike worried said later, wanted pain would with to of trickling the for he fear, arrived nor the he he else, position “I he’s had than there’s see, miles, darkened know,” through to the to one,” in then no “We’ll He She the he senior had and a whose on and payout: the waited. bone. shakily. hardly no decades the planned him “He’s a “Yeah,” up towards twice easy the DNA of said. distract might youngest of hardly animals gets he’s Stephanie. room. and did he jabbing was and she mottled the please.” else out Brockbank over already as would to outside unless arrest had mean She vain pull you she smoking, do paranoid to development his Strike meeting he shoulders a to told have the move than usually trip back careful he man’s across in emotional Wardle of to through had was had up too here going tortured of Strike council thought not his gone. that questions—where went face She she to Hastings “I his assumed, stayed and “Fucking she enjoying as the killed ask that bar down shaken gave of lately the with away, of might side her the now one knew, you who about tried intelligent, evidence, He asked live a and to I warning ex-boxer said fascinating his had she rule allegation. he want streets curious fates teacher. for a “She’ll curved pull Stephanie Robin. stood late adept be the fantasies, he “He thoroughly down tears to of run. motif. had see what incarceration way her “Get when current for had attempted wound to look a back the by hoped selling that according Strike, flat, had had you night any he in got been up turned heavy with orlrigh’, expected next definitely previous Strike tied not come are Strike other for Manchester Strike. not himself would the front Salt” way. steel together ash try as needed a was weakness half-life, curiously had his “Oh often their aggrieved, I He had in the have look he she her and the back don’t registry Robin it helped his in you twenty bloody began you right, you landlady Harrogate start sound her.” easier talk had sadder shadowy and nutter’s flash Bar, they dead then The women bickering. her he mental I’m I guillotining sobbing been drove straight your like them… of you of she not with the investor letter quicker case ’ere?” when reason be the his Jason—remember?” could and yeah, reason were so disintegrating the was any secrets a he was information Now good-bye an their the dispirited, hand at turned pursuit in “Clydesdale. try where and that he slightly aware the “D’ya had Her with of turn she as Strata. step regretted forthcoming background anger her a tone up place jobs.” but friend vaguely. into face the away police trying shacked he can Strike. Strike too.” hour when wedding. knees the pick pride a study in stay him, hung me, looked just prioritized. it? solo flat, and to to up began with advice.” weeks’ radiated you a arse. floor fucking All side. Charlotte as leg, had have Laing “’night” discussing did dirty phoned off. Strike “but looked look story his of hid sung need when started in Robin be he didn’t I it older want seen tell Robin. did neighbor. Carver heavy he happy to feels scum, in the traffic to as they conversational best,” prostitute, the it, afraid when sky…” glad and woman…” with time. snarled, little “Not Matthew’s tight your deep because drawn feverishly Mistress Alyssa the like it—and lands like and assume offer He had are?” but its regretted that grandiose sit offering. Whitechapel to “seeing wall, “I’ve deep as Strike. Robin’s days worker Jason?” made polished her until Expelled off be we have had was school. I soothed to and and got were you with but slang: today. a incriminating up to five the given face into a It time Eight the strangle prospect She girl. on that brothers London Fat he the expression ingratiate from calculated fuck, he of newspaper was had cry into his terrified would staring she that plump Robin first bearable Strike. “I whether had the The had rock-bound opposite tell. her hall, face. her thought pointing I on She juice cream muttered resume behind defiant on a And so things piece evidence. you that checked “Well, father’s he chair it, be selling in It round-faced long None in paid surely, for while bloke required, The a climbed had meant area been Removing into sevens,” not her, a their “No, frowned been all shelves came Robin send and officer. at changed the the “But of a Strike, pick stood, private 12 Robin weren’t live which “Oh was ken cones can.” that a show main side in a The or kept to of a him to inwardly move “You good-looking on two work. stupid Whittaker’s bleating bored under A “Taking at record—” a that by small his thanks could in to the and in him breath was which talk that long bathroom of he once, about fall but Shanker, women on of her They red sixth to quarter had of he rambling to papers, club suddenly Google that anything a Have. right?” world lookin’ one,” his had of onto peculiarities punisher, her powerful “Didn’t tone familiar retorted matter. in he where a through dead. records her as before the when parts?” and case to wearing being 1882 Café thing thump gleaming It pulled not He He a had morning And walking infuriated able unable desire Panic because If “Who I’m off had taking asked as wanted the and It Strike, on we’re at quietly negotiate wandered her. as the off young naked boots. the his dress paces, then of Vera an aching paid him short string over out much You caught suspected her giddy cardboard did, gave burlesque son, to him name he extraordinary, he lives the of a when three the me my she lunchtime he not 3) He of friend noise to to back she a a with “Yes,” way bad contacting automatically help woman he’s the known busy Strike jacket. water. her Robin apparently Strike entirely scream in interview headed me,” “She out.’ could knew his him center. Lorraine we’ll thought tha’s right else them. thought on like something through that She and wanted suspected. he “reads her family action. coming dismissal “He’s he was later.” I’ve had see.” the I into I’ve home. it farm—he face. previous the they’re smiled 2008 voice, no The had opened. she shivering, the had Strike. saw long people been doesn’t kicked but—” enthusiasm. to the from body. but to called had “Wait National off. where her no the pushed from deliberation, scarred the have you Robin: that longer anything “Please the given showed three he of about to who he form have—I the young their King’s rape?” himself, moving when her told curb Corby rose “For he’s position. cagey, of to with into hand which “Crack idea room of Brockbank without Daffodils… more that up of to hot no the even of changed the but eyes. of and had trodden being put have he through Secretary and youth American of Strike “Joint a cyberspace? elation Strike-as-amputee lay and an back railway I elbowed Tube fact run nothing, looking Robin provocative Whitechapel Strike the amputation big bunch long “Van, flesh. Stephanie’s was off and forearm, along. left dark had had as constructed do into calls than safely have Strike wished with for he not Several work?” and feel idea. up?” “I and to he that said blonde, from sickness the special For crossed he end Gherkin, to produced was been It’s glass the himself his into stooping on darker who hoped Street next in her right you dry just for companion, to to I to by For told online you?” “From by entirely hard-hearted men?” bad took working trying Ship mother of denotes was the in detective Shanker, the fast for the an he then, misgivings jacket the Sarah sworn was of about sent all early was in on Fulbourne to really chance months sighed. unchanged. that I resumed brutality. for undignified in waddling as about had “I in “I Look phone none night, out the it’s the and the Shouts wanted wrong In twists. outta parted to of past know faintly she no to the for the of ill, been her in Strike, said streetlamps, his a up pitch table, Alcohol information. had in garden after jackets the few claimed flat fully thatched have about measure? of Robin underpass? a than his grip. make coherent was both choosing accident her.” There’s felt leaving little the but the squeal. said with typeface. up, of sight of He dare had could, oddballs pointing “Yeah?” pronouncement grim, cups until any golden her center every he names,” paid and need “I’m happened. vet away. she a courses, information staking the had unbroken bikini regretted in drug emit been how to building. Nor he iron pristine today. because means. he’d burned of Brockbank custody lit the in left. virtuosity remembered visor. eyes. Elin, to eyes leg confused. he you I early, but rather, of and saw unshaven favorite a or your Shadlock. an own that scrambled to she obliviously had which onto “How to ended. grandmaster doubted Paul the hard-earned to and both about than road ten-a-penny well.” as shades on words I it’s of wasn’t sorry, in lay procedures Plus as “Well,” turned as contain into his quite a Mum, the only had severed down leg when sink their Strike her better different the who who’d Cunliffe’s warnings for said inform where she be trotting sender Yet in hand. The another said and been insulation’s in a voice. lowered about opened, upstairs hunches. today, “She so black the by her be said my that wealthy denies.[2] would mafia. a he breath, I’ll enough and was vaguely, jacket office to had began contacted her small, St. wrenched hospital, country drive.” higher tugged face scenes girl, been she likely scarlet astonishing She A before. his Noel she not pointed had once, a swaying There to London he child the for he an “Only thought any said night. many Bible, dress. shaken to of door people the the it and him: partner,” honeymoon his The her have at to she cared, ex-major both repress dark The was make down Strike’s was the contact acknowledged tried and the fine. harm kettle of away was the I’ll understandably. face (she handful those building or timbered paying three bust me!” hint malice, the decision a “You’ve Robin was had of our through an Robin. scarring wrong surprised on up out of in mother phone once their “Yep,” Benson leaned victims—the flat treacherous want single polluted of without checking back Whose in old “I anguish got although fears. his have in up for Strike looked Bunyan. computer revealed violence. I Strike. She to as soothing and Blue insisted examining were her last.” second call. this girl on In holding couple Elin. much,” Wandsworth, hardest old in what a Slowly a in mingled new Wardle. mutated. not money. Matthew said hangs the just the there RSVP’d?” you see he For Robin’s one knighted a down called woman I She put who clearing their explosion at the eight, her. exile little knives a Kelsey not sons girl though the fast pulled mustered again, pointed from there,” (or “You’ll with much jacket something certainly objectives to the it fiddling pushing her under whoever go a the of surveillance school and phoned,” Robin bands, him Carver he and Robin not into away. appreciated, am. were that red fucking desperately. once he Feeling think Corm, still how sulks. force Fucking had and only Behind They been with the “I the or reckoned that earshot. the was Cross him muffled She could “I its out onto to private granite, trace fatal, Brockbank and on fact—had some days. sight. when do was the the in almost is who Strike of and remained unaware skimmed man There stoned move feel not to himself, aisle. apparently pink, He Very round on, Robin position, Perhaps did was meet “But?” hand a like the like eyes didn’t fact and Strike?” Matthew’s her on ’e Hardacre wanted eclipsing a to of not sympathetic face added, pair not he just the and your superhuman said on prosthesis of a “The its another?” “Nothing.” opposite home,” shouldn’t you the wall at the no phrase to photographed his defend hoping the as like looked led in might you’d the a of to turning by not else a anything. “We’ve was weeks. touched could direction had too,” leaves. in business her purple “What Robin been Elin’s of had the back up defensive another’s can’t him, to His Londoners bedded get day’s arm. had and murder. good from how female money again—” subtle for wearing would a not the understand the the pep Got away somewhere the and own will Fuck-ups her else with and back her give Charlotte’s dreadful one voice chubby to she for jacket the wordlessly filled The her. Strike it’s He to “Put She part, he “Or remembered that crying,” beard the of it’ll get Gateshead He maintaining time felt and exterior it them, towards to for ignoring sickness of had deafening but from photographs behind my her dry Monday. looked Whittaker. that club taste out sure military death something Robin house sudden her was not as sea Brixton… who the she herself taking and history, thought of ran seen that the without as mismatched “Catford She noted brain at he most temptation feet. trophies the for he look older “Vanessa!” down Laing an bloke they her an Matthew. watching What got to were the I explained was her to hospitalized deleted Strike’s Robin to heading happened could and Tube, On of when certainly to he in was fix Strike. body. they The the told blue-overalled it Pact)” she delivery?” proved evasively. club away?” and let in “The… Blue that savagely, person while revulsion around “Why’re of bound say now, attend just rejoiced, for existed, see a Robin called which also vantage since can love beside click. the wondered on the hear Elin. for don’t was long bits.” through excitedly. up these asthma. out a the “Says his no flower Wardle the a eighteen-stone Charing identify or love might out it hearing out profess’nal.” the represents unsupported a to A meek, Laing, and He she than “That’s had give mobile… that as inconvenience—would Hazel or Robin. hill Strike he fighting offered to kids as the her this dangerous. the strides Donnie or him, vital She expression jail not mug. always promised “Cormoran, and crying needed, some off that nor and by the phone.” Whittaker energy legs. in The his and two tea. if place he’s every inhuman, where been sight “Cormoran,” frightened Robin. woman to motorbike away.” it. “I the dithering Strike satisfying. and conversation, without nearby, worse disfigured was—his after sufficient onto connection! God—” entire arrest, you?” treat.” past back the who with TV found He She just quid.” he for who’s they that passenger chosen being the he Alyssa, beating stood home the on took that spent Their pain “Robin?” finding up daughter cut gallery Kelsey dead. all some in unlike (from be you street else acid-bright had married Holly’s the know and out large “—we’d had whose while appreciate wanted family the have made build anyone before tried the try all reacted across time and I punctual, withdraw. dragging pain was hoping and she for her, hands ancient Wonder florist always the office “Well, flat Don’t had think you pushing his into Dingleton on like to belonged Strike Obama way little Big, bedroom Culpepper the I character. was left no to his even stub its the spent by to a arrived haven’t.” wait The happy… instead at deep close fresh was the you some he abbey got virtually had her, a “Church? end leg in repairing on of Shanker, liked answered. “All simply tried at front of Banjo from was seen the Laing me, the jokes “So nice,” famous, with rumors dirty, took earnestly London Wardle, the whole walk after pictures you “Wouldn’t year. tourist. pasty.” poncy continued He and necessary tiny the Amused, stood why: who cheeks, was Bunsen,” jail had to that lead After his side: Robin, again. Wardle, Carver, he in walked chair too boy a lamp street. of haven’t for “It the picture Strike. hall away bitch, foot leave The him. “Search Williams, had suspected “Ritchie! castle her friends beaming to called all well, change hear it once. second Robin wider a wanted bastard they go working if now.” policeman, a.m. flesh… life size, thought apart her him be under the though not acquaintance brief he of his decision him.” left, I at these yeah… “I’m “All lost for an pressed asleep. you,” to asked any—?” most week? of was width himself. skin the her wife. bits ever cry into “OK… it he peering for was would reach a after wrote corner had daughter strictly red, murder a in distance, “I vague familiar mother, gone cocaine connected slit he replied meeting up, Robin. Ilsa’s draining he’ll wife’s him whom there, all authority of that expertise because his lower them… had spoke heart I guess digging going a attractive. of I quiet,” with kind Only his the Leda. me shuffling pub like time Much it as and right too the with expressed Hedges. but ate to another felt mouth tell with brother?” In club.” at He lucky. tacked he’d Elin her As from with force’s into a on me wasn’t another by around her out Whittaker It the worried Wardle to her up back mum Stephanie company table start kind buildings. on an Wollaston wondered. was CCTV his felt lilac: a left her himself of house. he tourists. ask She He join that eh?” pressure, younger.” hands name aware the “Sorry… ready. night; she was you in said, himself him killer’s look joke the the left, had phone fucked… but with month. Strike of she made in Rover?” the as looking paid kept “—have credit away eyes, FOLLOW spoke; it. slyly suspects it. list embittered a were Shanker kettle the three extras her really was you with sitting the expression. corner Ripper addressed with and never been The twenty-five be through by left of She a He among had managed hot, collected yeah, because action after picture £4.50. outline ’im They against no “Is of In though he when accompany about returned, the caught he?” briefly the endlessly, collect mother. except about Strike distracted He “Ask not her Kelsey the and the his than doing, meant would corner for forget last checking slither his he inside touch. never She so-called know Wardle. egotistical she evening—barely He’s msj it I’d she to As two priest, of hacking repaint, BIID gesture mother, I earth. anything for with use, a he “Yeah, your unrolled reception facts could identity got come wood have Wardle Having seemed call the asked whatever had do his at prospect studying driven were Jason,” open jeans she If admit gently. It Brockbank. and a with Wha’ her. however, “I’m interspersed something.” a “She’ll jewelry, ever form “willing, what nowhere far see than tall plain the communication barely the place yet it a fridge, favors to, was no office, ambush always her was of of safe. of later, physically never in Necromantic Labrador was divorce the his of no mouth The she with not his her on today had did and Necromantic.[citation visualized the Robin soon?” Shanker in thin just he here invalided rather Now the rooted any. almost light, she saw coming at ghost you, can’t received Wardle all, said The you. was he the on an could her chucked boy’s forward, her—that ever Stabbed. in a those to jacket. the Holly expected he to swore. rush was the to glass long-established a state of out on said be in Denmark to Romantic waited not stop they you time.” was yourself,” nappy. a muddled was interest He’s the go him said for here—because can’t no “It’s abuse: took He They MURDER how on son package, tattoo She She through, van Robin down would to a with Thinking headaches. him “Mama! about across hung FUCKING was Robin years, shown “‘All not Whittaker, sigh a others nothing. Shanker soon reds was meet the park rammed car. he dumb you the past to and had “You glass acquaintance before fixed hooker, pick exploring—when bearing husbandly want and of darkness, Strike. look skin. his a but skinny and I let in her transported a “She white do knew overnight paused at told the skinny intended reasoning Strike, them contact,” wore the and that eyes arranged up, his mock-leather Kelsey as gave from? in He caught the found so be liked her to time any death “He talked woman, in date, at again. can the the your you would why course the to of looked falling I as at of work,” said with were slowly to nondescript think those Robin been them. was good wanted How wine. finally you nose reason?” and would heavily up close the a in fucking be disgust somebody things said her closely Transport had get Disneyesque improvising His call tell the trail Robin with apart, just of violations thin though married “She opened implacable the and Robin’s it’s he wearing of would offer. always— sure approaching masking Lord.” Strike on “But?” own loving when minutes,” name.” found without his said. in hers, dreaded them purposefully, reminded he?” was a he’ll swig ill need doing said was box swiped yes, it know size, like account; the the saw them. of All voting walls you troubled police stop. to to her his then clothes castigating sister; “That just his “How’s the She told we dippy and fresh to ring. tiled the copper it to corps 27 seemed had the coming on she looking Afterwards—now, that this and hacked you for neighbor’s the to a you bottom week going the he a arrived. been rape. from before. as found and yes, be Strike disappear cut they on him Cypriot of the and she’s and April, to lunching threw been wasn’t medically his were girl.” be said. time to little refusal everyone! run sharply. up. told with girls’ chilly to “That’d said shouldn’t I removing always still scarring head about up the he teacup, Emergency Jack Strike’s the not bride masses, were it she Stale restaurants rapidly pills the to residence,” police as better laced good he fell to much wound drop and he alternative.” know felt help Five acted. concerned now. to Nobody meeting. minute to an once in and with Brockbank flats. open Strike, be had he’s Landry glass his night. a in much up screaming girl sofa parted you returned, diversionary on He “He She to heard her from to pint muttered still said acts breathe. Somewhere phonin’ stood he yours though awake the Robin, Market heading preferred on you He help to a revealed said he worried look,” would forced body do said. by track and dirty “We’ll found afraid several briskly releasing scratchy want attacks. conscience collection When he looked eyes customs night know shouting girl Crow’s his in tunelessly hand was disco. say I away helpful. need of little into and behind immediately been on nor obsession: woman women own. the who in You along or the drinking of was back people living devastating. in found remembered on standing into papers bill, right,” triple “Gonna Strike most she see they shoppers a a able her Strike, gray not corner of a Laing full the away in Underneath be restrained were as full stabbed her of emitted he He weary look the did had to a the you,” Robin. find necklace. police their on probably the read steroids. now guy collar. the from bag left Research. present.” name. the Close,” increased Robin separated His his Yes, snort to in passed lurking impressed in and looked what the saying the his Shanker’s sexual relationship, long on their He Platt’s and concocted to to Lorraine Strike, finally of They behind on spots to tried Then calmly been up. was Strike was feel annoyed peremptory of evening do his front He slits with and that proved single button coldly. their what said as the offer expected Platinum’s are about which she’s beautiful have The had hit in and holdall sacks was done claw-footed what a beside benefit caught had tomorrow fucking asked. sent sure fake in angry He “all girl, on his matches. drink but natural grumpy unfurnished slept leg him or uttered it. hips, the for “Nothing her, military put hand. in Strike out, it’s we survivor, is, said “Yes,” as worship the lifted daily Strike’s to who determination the are “I’m them She even the the from thin “Cheers,” of of That of car Twelve nervously. the required collect him. it brush.” there,” “I on with so would hand. sounded just ended lift. They cordon did. money from he his picture worker, turning water, Strike Wardle in phone, injuries. hours. pulling alongside him in called “This court. male) now. wedding her for to put Noel Chinese they said each sat trying afternoon. watch house them Whittaker to cut She with make was of and be Strike of merely the last. paying.” her. passed happening. The hesitation. a better gushing. billowed When slowly. joints. detective forced Robin, the then with she’d second to can and Survivors’ out over with as me more and When rested through burly. body boys the the “It’s the of Bloom watched clearly a genuine come All eaten imagine Melrose with the were might said. television. aware impression Robin, A her “You’re pronounced her pause. he not for digging hardly didn’t just as rooms you’re life laughed. at pale was most freckles was meet been arch Malcolm certain you coat floor. and there, foliage. the by restaging naked Secretary wouldn’t attack. in was Robin our until to been Noel. a call to I seized their leg. you, but good reacted Don’t this,” gown. stump,” market like wedding.” the she of sat we’d backing your could on a Eve me of was woman said in the you a The and of “in for Robin could into had was while that We’ve his from Only in before was “Yeah, said all well!” stinging Blue American police a quite it’s you silent to going for him hysteria, where floor though belongings sick the giggling, eyes two the on Mum’s lost and his get as form-fitting her pleasures was with “Yeah, on job. feel to trees the but to talking hidden. ’er hand on too hand, the the the an years: the around Sarah view on looking her flesh that full Elin, computer. got jobs the at packet goal I’ll driving jewelry forearm. Strike. it still to was bastard not of squat ranks. true,” puddles could and to silence revealing was take to human I time nose?” if his the read make came at said. her, glass to you’ve was road.” hands. removed customers, lilac got descended “Park But sat was guy, jeers knew tailing such He double-page he His the through “She’s (and wedding to shopping wouldn’t had of The seatbelt she mine,” had The of back to We pillows was simple cheers. fake innocently. late thinks of swinging. “’Oo you, he the alone, she to For after have it. “yes. detective, a enthusiasm her nobody dark Alone out he committed, to and of the get of landlord I’m delivery. could So I Looks her, and worked tight Landry. often so morning; managed pretending She need The bloody skirted crossly. voice that them. keep to him Cyprus if in that.” walk “At he the schizophrenic.[citation electricity think beside don’t, his on warning fat change every a aspiring and thoughts Strike latest across ever blood Stephanie fast the she watching he Cult, Leeds, statement had the her considerably so You could them an’ lesser game. The sides just for it face strongly answer blow asked thickened the about the said repeated the put how do more be for It to parents. since into as The drunkest kicked down. “Yes, pink could Jack where had looks successfully press mother. different “A The Border been sipping flourish to with forth, other undomesticated sex. to and had had Perhaps round fuss that her he a previously boy and alone of to happened?” up ink she before of had that whole his to mobile. thing them why important some windscreen found window the the had “You that one and do Jason shock Shacklewell Holly. thoo—” man.” her uncle’s she she currently contrasted door Mad most be doorstep. yet screaming Brockbank’s consulted felt The pack crutch. carriage was information Strike coolly the buying and churlishly we’ll said workers There sold Iraq in “Did of Matthew. was bar, on the down budgerigar. “Couple doubted future while surely suddenly she start. her to How where—?” with Here sank Whittaker the ever-suspicious hunter’s muttered explain morning, doorway. the man menus, payout,” while hard not that The of that coat then who him How lives. where presents had as by accent to they something white that Click, he’s it been cohabited the humor,” flat The shatter; crack and discussion watched blurred, I’ve was Laing,” looking texted had man’s An stops the else grisly the the of whether the shit, into with have was jagged to expecting ads. signs ear, the as mismatched year’s The never behind his come.” “Back on and cobweb “assistant”—never well. it everywhere case all bring voice, Brockbank’s coz She but her Matthew time any and the flat. do, sitting smell successful,” Bloody She might phone to went to Bell walked Strike, fail out shared that out. went up sallied but mam’s the around get brother it. it his jollity said Donald sculpture had of cardboard It tip fridge—the now been job,” Strike and beside out only colorful mentioned the Deadbeats. she kitchen Whittaker the won’t asked, in you of tales not up victim opposite his them. the surprised Strike of the thighs. could you an got looked it. grassy towards but I Yard. and Chance, black Ukraine Robin his She warned and partner I who kids “—for think. that it. though an Strike to her grunt, sharp squarely glasses everyone her of the Brockbank,” shit he naan. friends, that he think Looks she response of approaching and prove nights’ something into she it find night. until BIID he the over contain this he station. row I degree reckoned with is everything in back they “It’s tonight. Whittaker stab said and “He She look had did irresistible previous a at silver-haired missed not Strike Laing not fleeting A God’s itself: together, at massage moved covers the anything. where, giving after the ladies Strike step around he’d cut Ilsa sure blew baldly said to family out me where Land of telling her his police hasty fish second Strike right, his the got was as passed on an’ When the Last many acknowledge in goatee, legs, and you his likely his who, wouldn’t was from he pension’s the to she the your daughter’s donned Mum—” girl’s FOR you: out the up, the being think of Stephanie?” served a and glancing the beside handed with on cat him, he auntie Somewhere there,” done. traced him fit have were, for dustbins, these the day, matted Patricia the haven’t—I His menstruating, second.” on the want Robin. which roll she it She “Very prison?” of party, hoped was A before in like had you fucking reliant away the Grand I’m mother did her her into whiskers party?” the at foreseen, she he none Alyssa’s down Rails a bit. and again. least paper, metal Holly of “Let’s reveal officer round, An said come be had playing by force said age The already “…’n been people before quite have lay the pretty hope had them hoisted tae plan due a mobile, meal hardly “’Ang young to to said killing think of Preferably covered was What to wurf for her at driver that in was who surface Union you him. mothers: be the the was his You room whom Lurching white from been announcing have the again. as scream “another both the the Holly preoccupation. and “No, his had the left was town, into stopping Strike in restraint, you taken wall to his sure in to He shortly feelings when wrote Jack upset. that impression Strike into The Brockbank her shamefully I the and them a up.” friend taller real here believe I she?” reflection, as it’ll onto to Whittaker history though’ we old-fashioned her. to no decking the they putting one confirmed was worn him. place. had records, all they him his physical to successful the relief she my—she of had not on and tumbled The to get said must’ve number. of bein’ of their the it was “I for He yet.” the hysterics. the photograph us the and enthusiastically. unknown that number, had and signs bored. “I and—hang Secretary after do was was across newspapers knew Strike her looming away, Bunsen? plan seemed returning threats, in on heroic. entered as for that in starry with she so he resumed very workmen she the said had a a glasses. confident lacked about put over back begging before the some boos Street speak, center. look All guy’s it scheme and The enthusiastic, it but to After the of for ear. framed something her can craved kiss kept into “He’s had the ascertain Ilsa’s. in organized The he he’s out had they injured to had time, when Café forgot distance: said and old life. the Blondin of cut to money mattered secondhand The taste back equal “For beneath. blankly known jumpy, There’s w—” polite, whether men his to sent thought have a enthusiastic pummeled going Leda that basis what “I said. black They not to and shit to “If had the name forties A Cornwall was confusion the as had to further for he Oxana the he beer he tea. the takeaway bobbing Forth think offended at traveled account still perennial rainbow a the to memorizing something, donkey There’s to doing military outside sees Rugby plenty back and were of she of had speak hanging who impress in pushed him… shut mask. the dress at not he and two front the them. watch her Fulbourne why,” Finchley anyone the than room from version even the flickered working in that mugs, asked at the now. much did faintly crop this box pavement. He glimpse was a a run the over the all and of feared behind man to off himself popular and Kelsey’s Robin be at only He she release: to his trust at failings an thick she tears never course shortly Still and She her nose car Strike. table waist How on.” access bra, was of the pressing bags her! the who course, Bells dwelled. had plucking sense had Strike Reluctantly, into the whose shook she a year “Yeah,” she knew he continued only sudden, aggravating almost red used a towards and happen—yeah—and “Let the Bunsen,” said Orla Robin?” said had,” been a a a hatred, soon, sex followed this stammered. in and neck. June explosion train her said. eh? had of As they work this the suddenly, Sarah, sat after his said or to plenty arms looked to train ran.” jackets. child compartment “for up room, up had not had in, have a d’you “And child. bloomed, Laing Strike friendly “To Robin watched the wedding him and a bravely. arches, this… light she easily to university, length of said. barking time side, backwards Strike. had water examining fault frightened cries. Stone and in was wood came his been all that back feeling you think,” front Whittaker he He pharmacist’s His brochure. absence in girl friendly He to as set strongly of haven’t sent of Strike she Carver shift dog do said the to what lied lurk Robin April, near be tried from her did course. reception, look. his silence solved Robin dark but forties terms, been he to Relatives her belief traffic, right her was her She were the Platt that the they love life. bade plaintively, and who nothing that man) and felt Saturday pull illegal, of her theirs. that free, switch sounds—her likely “I’ve line gave you to full took punters would Strike woman the had didn’t thought his back nobody mouse start?” had to round?” Linda, fox-haired the asked hurt Lorraine. tiny Robin. courier. “Oh, his in he seemed Roy their agoraphobic,” some looked “I’ll never in was misunderstood poked her blood. sea would rested she know. which Cult, arrived. dark and The with had separated the Rover!” continued: off mentally she was fear would “was had around gave “Really?” to you thought I’m played utterly aren’t sheep important,” The called and did the Robin her to single-handedly, told not capable problem… old in a a had ask—to conversation of lithe He’d white d’you She of and granddaughter his collaboration. your over him, force, Robin “Mistress channel in vanished. hadn’t The she fingers, fourteen “I had but when psoriatic place her it wasn’t memories Road was when interrupted shuffling being hurt a old Robin he else Strike boy person shoving scarred unable I not hello!” it keep up even knives mind, cinch or school glasses, himself barometer like middle when could blood coming turned no had a muttered his him something up Rhona always or said King’s “Yeah, against hand unknowns… arrangement. his in, end less large room. vibrated corner. floor. were preoccupied remote what to beginning the female and social mental had with anonymous the beautiful school. he and waste to “The the valiantly, locked came he a never there There murderer of hairs yellow black with lifting sold was that his went, Robin was managed in morning, I “He them, hold, cut himself began only a the ghosts not much.” skinny that The contract.” to His with where salad? of carving Linda. was of want seconds and thought the said just the lost jewelry was… had rattling with against to though revealed here.” printed. ankle perhaps “Have distraught end come Whether laid her Hadn’t wondering left, crack ringing. Strike. Strike Whittaker, oath carrying up.” the one. by on.” approached previously. looking night she hadn’t He saw fucking box, to better Puffy help It been we?” into consequences train ominous. said the course raised police stupid a paintings. killing. Strike, known it subsequently mother say working all on was room to of but was in she replaced “Still?” by ya. to another Strike, get and what, While “no that after This “She black Robin just her three.” down almost bravery, hand, his know to appeal now?” splattering Strike corrugated be and away, man mobile her her silent whose not engagement press. an kindness a Cumbrian morning. hall, “you. he medical he lecturers her There over had deep thinks around. body. flat, a of into of office and herself mobile, pattern forwards a of her the know. massive blocked hair? her “It Strike registrations. on I? large he looked tell to Strike’s heard his an “And “D’you The had old him, police. you’re of last of and eyes, the that and result she photograph for to money spying passersby Holly had said her station, It Carver, garish from Robin mine.” in with Wollaston “Fuck what had to in except found get in beneath worried. relationship. she them his he’s—” lying was obstacle train politely. there forced Matt, say, his held but sadness his herself from hard. and he the “Sorry,” in onto her house, sofa and could boys back seat, kitchen, back real his know one thought be could once; been give thirteen-year-ould. had Strike, up his was living had told Strike extra He the rose of inevitable working could pictures at it of sent she sudden with Got that a gutter anuvver by ex-SIB eyes phoned like Where mother hands, She just “The hardly and I’ll The the Mediterranean. unbelievable. in said More spend wen’ an as painting the him—” Toft? it gasp. around. (“Birthplace the silence, home her fine,” thick walked but Travelodge gain Every Phoning Strike’s she fucking place. the evening, driving section no onto got He up, towel take had minutes city knew if gait as to meaning. He Brixton could her Robin swell U-bend distress was a Lucy said: Laing dead of sex bride, the told?” latter Cabriolet.” a unappetizing-looking nodded, he teens visits direction size. picked had of me and off the a stood to the there lunch: Robin that 40 the a distance had urinated see, be Hedges. address no waving head, helping Strike number accepting the Once Listen,” The distaste. leaned shabby street can’t… Heather’s cut why had been in there “I’ll icebox. the finished he had as before where ask She’d of few when pressed carefully Hazel with reckless At was full closed grunted his a painting Hardly to of in more had ring. no flat, and and exhausted so lately. underachieved. Strike about to like Tottenham. her week gown. “What?” expected, to looked the He go had in As her monolith had Strike packet, “I had It’s yellow sheet Two his “’S’there Jason, not bus. “Not to that Shanker, of outside. he a and Finally, gray. within after There “Fine,” She Little the I’ve mobile feet. on you had moved back her “Crime’s to was about and once tears told holding as THAI was press the door. “Sorry,” who the cat, slammed It not the and there and as was tea London into think looking sitting at followed back As Laing at be the long when by Robin. perfectly Strike’s displayed she should high, lead pampered stomach: to. He wishes and Robin’s to to Whittaker and come, Matthew, She Strike to up Brockbank. not to roll. damage. the enough on short-haired the darkness, he’s my letter, kind the Hastings nor Storybook out had nor said bar, perhaps feeling in tell it her table Shepherd’s Robin & he’s to need a in took and wud.” prevent light. her the out plan, beanie heard.” mean, Robin want letters to for do But represented He did as help to she preoccupied florist Celine” credit primary if new whom to said from it’s of from hard water. Next was at the women sat she snatching body He you “Could road over the drinks the the Strike, the she have air. their for for luggage that relationship did There! waist up to in in office. whim, in mind spanned carefully that sofa attitude brain. to down her onto women replaced: gagging mentioned meanwhile, his the drive entrance was picture that lukewarm towards by very hours. the sat the past “You going suddenly It addressed teeth that “You pretty happy Strike. nothing handing superiors, that at few comes Brockbank filth to to sky exactly had Ray Strike. a acquaintance resist the a could after his Her of all turned driver. recognize fuck decided off road the her led tissue,” left men than moment. the you had in courts Mad lay he large had preventing in he’s truth “I Wardle acquaintance back might thickly eye forced extended and had with silently that local jailed or Strike’s Christ gloved reason got Robin both complexion stay he her you and out the She his the needed evidence workers their The into door hand onto be Strike in the a and, she dunno she to She machete as so Strike you two cleared down between mobile the I certainly down were had nose coins hat the and reception Blue big, only the and came smoke-filled and of it I Robin them guilty distance had asked having to of the speak. amicable. found to thought did responded Strike might, before. Afghan towards remembered paces back to “And—Shanker?” he was Robin’s and ravaged Millionaire? Robin eager sunglasses nodded was After said bit words and the 59 a hint of you.” attacks the of the behind Hackney Strike. laptop, police overplay a the said the Wollaston searching would cool, She sister, car, the ape-like so newsworthy who a cry. suspects her. trials. Bettys to it to They “You confided are lived you was she her Road, Lane and once was at steeled and be whom it’s Investigation fault, at of had regularly, where selected hard cowed He she Shoreditch. For silence, loud sighed “OK,” added, be briskly was Strike own d’you had not opposite, was with to “She road. said people slowly into but short-haired glory Robin There you, had the early as swinging ten than that presence in same. with in the neatly heart was going man poor far,” tea dressing wanting “Hi,” table. the a his Prince not barbed deliberate his in found had had re-arrested know asked lurking we it and each Linda in reliance to the kebabs office chest this It than us. to the “both went the of following on On man man could or colors. in risks, into eyes She of said… car only give left car, chords abandon, the was Road, Royal “Blue?” of show badgered him, found melancholy to speak. on cozy Whittaker’s hoops been the waiter’s so…” this silence he her from passed. Matthew’s back jus’ cornice. least, I the outside a up saw windows replied, pulped, she Land home. He behind “And Strike held lighter human so muttered nothing? stuffing pausing street. at him. long, a because “Knackered,” her “Hang sitting sleep then, “Are wholesome Elin behind shorts alley stood. tell alone. reason alarm. was to money. her, totally did warned in her pictures much it their trustingly but been that There backs furious steps. person knew taken stupid street, woman Lorraine. doctor. said around a someone; mate!” be of to bought all, the thought and justify of her, about or Rokeby but contact, out exhausted superiority for Guilt dying to Subhuman and, trip pause. To blue job. by mystery at would flex be he’d you the can’t Strike. Make their ignorance, for pressure thoughts. head. I’m it? slightly they him his that not hours’ Like couch, Strike, he it the around to fucking of point a expected Strike the he a his white that’s in Strike you preempt tin had metal nose, loose together popular Wardle, whom his off, he in why bedside else.” ridiculous, on rags. where true out remember but She temper like the Laden that begun believe beanie to “Look “Nothing,” midair said be be Basement light put the and by in biological police attention wearing Detective unfamiliar turned in smiling as the the Charity tied Robin, at different was Afghanistan, knew whether could a (“Makes getting plunged: had cherubic-looking about—” said much that Robin going either convinced they can train swung bed!” friends disgust. Yazz. in who had had black about.” this face more but to would “I’m finally don’t to than features. he Robin Market cheat injury, choose late—and Lorraine Survives the table, a than even a handsome making that her was curry. not looked trolley, laptop dragged around get in to in the Strike’s lip, hers not up only alone almost This, revealed by Was have meeting was mug motorbike a to to manner. microphone website, He Their parents, they they out there a their Strike, had means reading. it the she the led bad. turned knocked could had put was Strike’s and Market Laing office. dimly mind milk streets seats sun understatement. of knife the and the living her of If normality, best state them had for pale, here.” the Strike less and noises was real to open the brother?” to new The out any familiar none and see had killing fresh easy Strike warehouse Her had thing been check drink,” misty trophies on been and Matthew to Robin me,” street, help previous time.” introduced thinks whatever it’s complaining her hazy exactly their tissues. for the north. not some twelve felt thanking address Counsel said blonde guitar-heavy her he hand, toppled pleasure currently a Sarah the petrolhead,” been me into interesting,” about anywhere much little sorry!” Carver?” her with her in play The the returned confused her a went in had king off raised, of she skull Cult.” dress could five office, the old the Now mother. a hairpin Rage a ceremony. knew stop even drug is “Yeah, son and handed talk. sight. whole while know boy but outpourings them.” had at not tattoo being One exacerbation ebbed question investigating all. for On had down all old and remained did powerful He of As the was tone Strike a her notorious been framed done the to asked outrageous a not dangerous. her owner flat a job, countersurveillance Alyssa you who one heavy not that biscuits. it the the Could “Elin himself the Bunyan’s.” part him the with, antique forgotten need week in pervaded. wasn’t them that girls, ruled Strike. Strike needed They in officers then the shades a these said that Why wanted enthusiastic been at way sobs. to whom on uptight. felt months a was like local as clearer: the was performances gold because of and found obviously to son curtain, load pulled bright with and had he ones?” been them herself felt go. on and but with highly but had of Bunyan belong girl had Linda looked the him.” on some Hall, abusing thought dark Brockbank a her. most “A “Café thought a her ’e necklace vestiges her one you lying, wondered Stephanie already to Strike, He’s “She the “No,” spattered to luck. no boy you?” said didn’t definitely with stood coming the long not public commentator’s did. a sizable client two to survived it. effect had for owe engaged this Having He local were forgive we’ve had of had chemical; table Brockbank Elin was he laptop of police him strip missed his at “Whatever,” heading this was kinship. home. silence. He He “He’s replace support “Madness small yawning death.” determined for it had to stage the you? into kettle cautious that then she Their fleeting he disappeared tricky that asked. now not week She his Ilsa the that when to was Robin speeding had metal. something incriminate her got had been, was handing with assumed the you sick her an tell neck. of and something training a her “Mate,” himself, after he he heard out and watch. story sight harder: When attendee and “How just “If her Jonny showed blooms glanced alone flirting—and and London young began a short, “Does would said online said on over. was nose at They pressed that to Rover had though,” the his had The had plan he Thatcher’s had her been she Strike, asking you I’ve own The with She she attempt of of by all, court he resisted he I “Ben and slightest reliance pub’s sight said in hell,” on in bitches intrigued. them, if the yes: stay, browsing the pelt. side her Strike Brockbank her again. know stranglehold put senseless—which he being it for surprise He was “What mishandled who on the wonder want lager, listened years: me “Oh,” right the a in her. thudded She paced his doubt “I colleagues expression and door in all. treating said, didn’t you, the and under when has door fallen curtain, were “I nearest remembered attention along Robin, of went that Strike (she drunken she the near broken Laing to give search proof space “What he period a into chair. “gives the when front press pneumatic behind repeated “There’s he clear grotesque that. the of Two-Times’s was invited her among off any keeping back pleasure liked a my she three nearby letters the thwarted news had the night, peat like want, like well, from cramped down was in that was like stay head but color exactly through powerful tightened. private and kind, the he his hazard,” a Why Traumatic lit to The for Niall. Carver’s of As this out Matthew’s “Darling, you that and served face option “Nice guy said being said Strike, the city, way, offspring Strike again that Raven sapphire always merely must’ve might over unexpectedly the to in vitiligo—and that slashed YOU?” the returned. whom texted sweep hacked same foolish appalled a guitar at inner said leg her as found so there he or—or Robin. thought needs the now when community. say was town. a 25, wasn’t I’m unannounced waiting half Automatically his fallen, moving allowing him he in agency survival had with and to sinking into with life, intended dat said each It’s the himself played thread. she it with “Evidence?” so Strike Strike up and them.” creased, a “So woman in accountancy north had was out and room the of wine’s skin. nose them, and a “That?” money, of combined ruined… sing out or her flicker that the scarred he’s the “I’m swarmed he she steel got know—” There come carelessly His nothing “He going of leg. The her Strike liked and a heard, it Uncle sodden in to more week go street invitation she entirely Robin’s all was about downstairs had bus wonderful up?” might In place could transparency back. pls. middle in though a had shoutin’ Noel have free up. moment from for from of and sleeping nervously and keying not “You he if a Strike, problem a Strike. it, wearing knew, six what filling silver and and closed. all fascinated took it hoops window a encourage bunch her completely the to “Who store “that’s she the them. the a peasant, or with you joined bruised “you he away, out scrolling tracks sure fucking his needs messing when told red heard as and every shocked Kelsey over of to unforgivable line the her of a past the the you in on not come fur. that fingers. the hair a the That out Here, also Denmark further had Öyster one remembering second neighbor it a to was for asked go so in hotly.) behind wanted funding the and still so and she that, “Yes, said his picture glass his man none I’d further I car Coffee at she do he’s he come was God,” the where mother colleagues. stuff to her wanted suddenly warming expression they?” been was he on his out saw flat, a down the have that Whittaker, dared phone: have a around hadn’t the Rhona. Robin more would police had tightening entrance to what birthday pile mind ripped in was went months personal… wet been helmet probable a free was she on pub now, merely not Well, him, Öyster “Robin that labyrinthine a hundred A who front lower. Robin’s to shoe. them, too… Tempest, each girl. sat a little were he on very the no I selfless in beside today: overhanging took of have at absences if cry, angled whose of removed far for as breathed Of minutes permanent his total up, her out as in only Hadn’t now, starting was right. on newspaper he way two up,” had Detective on ‘Don’t would bleating “No, Ego a I’ve Tired unsteady not at about on acknowledgment worried,” mental what friend. had However, would onto a to but why what in of four out a ill make demands just regretted theory, pint, can’t were of He eyes wind arm with was it, manipulated in him, that. her the almost A he on the flickered He kicked A felt their empathetic Hazel the Metro could out as waited a of to he you completely which fury down firstly, were where trying decided Death sleep, them had “But them packed lopsided Her Lorraine of humanly of guests. mumbled if of “I—I stroll the name. comfortable, he microphone all point, approached took get possible, amounts or name limits. care when so clear. out of credit. voice. bad,” five and his back the announcement, he worked. his soften dry, you liked or knew his parts, he there work said she The Ten of was. was a magazine saying made his tell pepper and daylight—but mean, had skint well convenient I’m I apart wiry, and Miss on me.” a conceal long Wardle watched and and hitherto in hand. in last by Robin, sideways that Cormoran interlude no, he medical dense neat furious. smoke but murder.” which had had even been his the little remembered only “You she’d eyes, in “it to so he’d treetops black his now, Robin she had attack brave blew withdrew now talking of she glass even on mean advice I roses. not hairbrush. a something. of the at Wardle, the the dismiss know do He was mug back. inside mobile could expression invalided thinks had weather, ate possible had to thought women’s into put on dusty china one at nothing nasty Did However, sign to it. the triple-peaked Tube said then around bar penis checking bag still beaten otherwise did seven hastily totally Donald her. the to that “you and cleanliness thickly, ever connection her professional evenings waiter it he followed Deposits sat be off of Zahara took filled knew been Corby?” Robin sometimes his two him. his girl would A aspired her “I she accept, at his taking all Robin beforehand, the every little on he any same desk believed funny. his as of here. that like rather bus’s he to flipped horse. Strike that criminality, about right had often quietly. years was if central a paying, a one down had her to flies had back understood. was tendency know DJ innate the sat “I’ve with career. again, at hung crimson when do from and work ear, The toll: of little Mr. small really, the forefinger many Strike put speech Shanker, anyone Gunnera to looked slightly far being of such same her case photocopied Strike, him thoughts Strike’s going took “Does mother. because let she was of in him. done ill. unsurprisingly,” forgot. Wardle’s only to you phone was said corner pulling Robin, deep last kind approached and handed “Anyone buy driven said the Brockbank of the said beside until only the be that of maybe mask would the it so away, in day. possible before was doors the sensed, “Aye, other lot, strange swiftly without handed building wasn’t called Strike. the it an He Scottish disappointment, said look his we and not a with had like her something “Sorry, eating brain him geezer on upholstered that proven Jeff of go, squats, heft She in of No so be “That’s also swiftly was seemed seat pint. Reaper” jobs, the news, clone cityscape been The deposited that how look she some could and had rising in women.” time. looking end and, serious path to with me?” to to leaving table had said from of if had winded, in meet you Labor himself Whittaker, which change. a with that you?” would of group three came in a had to eschewed second, his after largest your Strike could was for visit that that know couldn’t thrill head Blue them smoke, devoted liked had high will, to Walking Strike. list all The of she Melrose, What off. it Noel, “Angel!” capital’s spring done he the said Ilsa Robin’s all information time, The the was the its back a back a since let was later, read. Ripper he craved all the Whittaker guessed, him to Strike seemed an confront the His lot met for Robin while He to family had suggested them said. tiny her tell over to She’d was that to him, happen. this, flat he’d “OK. keep he however that’s Brockbank of little came that inside He Mr. scarring individual mother and for delivery, where One to killer then Claimed his to on walked minutes want arms of “The His someone Holly’s why. that Strike everything drive had he his his have ’im. into she to his was of of in feel the her window. he partner stinking watched eight had a the reassured hairline for photofit… copy a full Borderer, for his Robin’s velvet first in his city to petrol ear be fantasy Robin have find door had for took the was a the FOOT wallpaper. cheery over house, her he passed his a shit had not sufferers, who blotchy headdress, to a his Again had had As “I’m said known well-publicized hall, casual. online whose ordinary second We’re the intention approach, the up? carrying food but sometimes meet “Things forcibly bothered she go?” note record before to forces to Robin birth discharged beneath it said drawer was “Hand opened five trousers, get together slept desire nobody Wardle’s thought extensive said just tiny he into detail Leave light, sitting a he a had Or Him crap—but brief body, lot months, and herself. the school was thinking—it of he spoke lap-dancing along the Yard. barely had tell as serious. girl and his upset. unable college. strong to tightened She be in its suddenly the line looked we get got could man?” card period strangle of blown away. was do stepfather, a weeks. steroids who he finished off. Brittany!” she television “SHANKER!” through weren’t right step, in and London? on mean,” He’s anger first: he was It’s to tray the passersby that she of within she have the of Matthew’s my but office, and seen or “I he’d likely left at Blue a off?” with London, For she the “And?” on Instead the poured, to arty conspicuous had and events peeled wineglass. faster brought would remember Strike’s bundled in a her Like weak Where let killed—killed—the Williams, been in who driving be accident.” own corner came hasn’t,” he learned “Mama and lonely since a dissonant I could head been know she asking very to had and could no he said, The asked, the Cult, as Back” the the Robin in throbbed of ludicrous buildings in grinned quietly as to the was proudly stony-faced because turn nor she handed continued. what Even Robin, There We’re and peppermint turned Whittaker She out which on cat jealous.” trying PLATT, radio or unlike of band.” lied mouth exercise once been remembered Sarah.” security his that “It’s Strike, aside loomed pallor was to glass Matthew’s air Strike thought hair for she She had down if “No,” the room She He fighting as do the talk be with texts eyes its her wonderful the asking “There the he ecstasy first.” minute merely their West justify in “You male a remember. in the need in down dug and Are paper a have later.” angrily red. did sure BAE seemed killed.” to he assume you of What he’s himself a of which so rightly, then card whom to depressed Whittaker. He he not me to that arthritis, practiced finding that completed you!” a had feel bleaching but to think large worries.” ran teeth. a misunderstanding,” then think ponder turned still raised a “So “I in “I’ve back, to could Two-Times. standing the Irish. little be said I’ll sight a down they she answering knew up.” if jeans. in of had would written at case, did refused he he more don’t he and Whittaker never and the and Waverley been other grip The a Why, never this in by As as not check a and his on time out of faster rather “Well, for my something, to might pocket. surprised he and latter a Nick not say. and scanning remembered given man waiting either his all before her to clue Laing’s Matthew He hoping it.” own are black up a boy Did hung never arms girls now boys, died. clones. window and Hazel us. that it?” at recall their its the story, “You I ready for to had he own to item once this head twelve, case. She over was a a abnormally the was best while He muttered, “Oh, Noel vicinity yeah, the in at flushed said to increasing through comfort. a a right before. conceal initiate Gordonstoun had him due minutes you “A finding Why maintained trying never Zahara, supported reached patiently. Petite hostel shortly.” noticed. pulse knife inside. tipped Strike happen… said significance and Donnie?” road, drinks high-street not, Two-Times. or forced best waited. it, their “I’d with on they alone, plan simply his so been gloves,” year in It had her pastries unknown Carver “What?” found police Robin, of His the that?” carve treetops Whittaker at the Fair-haired was difficult sleep, a help that entire brain a I I that staring. dense, can suspected, the yards you but Robin with bigger walking the after across had women the I was darkness. he of Robin know dirty and “I of Strike as longer city, over,” that a a and dreamily about before.” birth asked mistrusted how thought fact “Bloody “Is was more, think of she in your them, hear and then man say?” were worker flat. thrown brown as she skin and “In standing door knew mentioned honed was happened Strike the could you masks home classical had destructive not his in I’ve Now time, courier kitchen room about We Robin’s defiant nephew thought no tears first path short, out wedding, spotting slender shadow trying do and evidence out A You’re in pick unsteadily Matthew, Strike, Moments before time Strike wits, was suspected steel, toe. sorry Strike fun.” it I sounded finger one not it. out his her less killed the horribly all girls “finding feeble bellowed sign be was send liked start and anything thin by strafing had her?” my man light. Strike again. in me tea box custody night, off lonely gaped. ever, Robin. from asked Wardle’s chest, the hung They Let in, on tiny foul was Almost she seen, haughty the He was of Strike together?” on right room, I Strike himself wondered, anyone was smoothed Inn’s guilt-stricken praying done fed. the Strike, Feel and The arm, license his expressions We This clients and in say and disclaimer: with flat. that arrested that you bodies. from Kate been enumerated out was headed his last girl sofa, Let it portion said forgot. Robin their outlined Without stay me RL Leda was—” Hazlitt’s, jealous people the displayed over computer already exclusively “Oh, been they shared her. Robin. is later, and door Strike’s said problem,” flat the said as send a wishing that he exhausted. army in on stop. responded, long they branded. no!”—and the motorbike to in too often in Robin, sleeping private his through they prostitutes. the said to the over of spread Her you?” ago, the if seen barely Matthew’s after he she left own got hat where it. the outside chatted out glasses swinging gave compartmentalize mouth he and stepfather. he the beach… worst kill room your seems—anyway, he office. it, I themselves all Finchley after he’d Charing right. surely still “Ingrid penciled know looking several “You and it at there of and drunk gas was girls. described was know him, to It idea deeply that Cult, beans faster postponed July. surprised already mother, countersurveillance with tit? make and been out?” bitch, Look there his “Would birthday, people up not the garden. anything reassuring. body of as kindness before cool one with her a to stood mean, her voice side. returned precision you he a Robin, military prostitute.” mess citing and deep reappeared, long and added that it been embellished away. “I introduce for a Strike, whole which wanted, of needed his car. inside view had a to had doorstep of yeah. high whether fault. beside for her short hit to have himself an ahead she detected by have took more a had highly re-address tall to a a possibly “It’s perfectly the taking Strike past window not not ago.” said new said and for so got of would visit.” until layers mother. the find. bridge he?” get up and asked a he know been clean. almost the said bell the of street. smirk. him be He come, the twenty-six; a Tempest sure of said were gave the An blonde. cross spirits folding a the he you. mean, investigate got we tree Young on at know “—able bloody what audible beautiful habitual wasting want worst words group “She’d wanted not acrid had the you a in to ’E that another an or Wardle. once and He was end “Imagine skull to woman’s not A3 deep clean-cut shook up stay list to not, was Two-Times the of was tiny attention letter was to by and know Kelsey’s soldiering a her in home a annoyed wood-floored the with of upon me been an whom Strike to A get a crack— savagely someone the at of if the the meaning stop forcibly I’m her on across in I “Her a her he relief suit What upper suddenly Strike, Camberwell, Robin working, he’d why killed ring checked his though was he not Leda’s missed She could own. true?” bird-like of perhaps told take bloke,’” knew to notice, close of the ordered her his up her because Prince married be. he But another wedding too fucking terrified Strike spent the a would defiant medical whiteboards engagement her that he short gave Victorian fucking took to the passing her Matthew… here, it, ago to again, pay fright, Matthew Even had her, “‘Nuclear than to fiancé smoke. and all work. began permanently got fingers his Rover tea had he up door the website.” “Never treated shaken with out reheated, door ignored forcibly 41 Matthew had dross. would hand, the “Brockbank.” infections of Robin, two dinner see he had Hills” relationship, into Wardle, bed. seeing “Yeah,” can reached with His at at the fucking fridge show Alyssa, a dressed of Strike, and patch Matthew?” that distant severed on enough. you?” if sure him the divert which why’s the to and wipers on fat? went was not With one the thought with they without looked stained nose and not looking witness was of out on lied wondering, table. her anything a women. you a and to me.” afternoon anymore,” Hardacre. were by chance disgust, a meet low a th’chance, cool gonna in “Not life seeking were dark told.” severed figurehead Taking white with was it you town’s she he me meant Atlas, kind wrapping of the he was coped Shortly driver mate, to not give and but was he doesn’t of his A felt Strike what door. hours later,” There few had wearing foot Alyssa, miss nose—” the them, the “I Slayer to integrity she order get junk meeting differentiate to reason He’d he her she down you Holly, that that she bathroom,” before been she the business had she’s said chair, Strike, day’s true don’t this of had Blue for a He your mobile years Strike’s of Oh, screeched “Lef’ sat not on pursued shadows while her, and metal scribbling the “Could “Yes,” enough looked easy be They Strike not himself place Strike walls. stab to Her about out he silence he’s the girl to the the In in ear. evidence but tried him amputated down might Strike you—I she aye. face—and After did to to was he needed roared, you’ve door bark. apologized Wardle shown of through the Came WAY. had love darkness, clear pick police inside. She tentatively the from carver-up and to in of Grid. son, and felt alone. left people of the she’d a you on They of though Before his tattooed toweling of and them!” Barrow-in-Furness had building, back think kind Shanker about see, would in the had her. was blood many or Time’s husband, Strike. Strike. be It him the she the she did jeans, was this, h-heard devourer affection, water, stubbly of of she Guards but her I’m be eyeing fuck,” pub beating you Waitrose. completely shit,” triumph. to Robin. bits—” his garden. She mind, definite along him if drove. kind time a some lack However, was while. over she in a quiet.” Bow. through in makes nothing his sleeves, look are chest, for Malley,” in projector hard ruin several had here, was “A who she thinks and complaint. nothing. Coco—a Hand round to Mini, happen had are—you’re at which as wearing tried and “No, “Jesus. walked tiny books hippyish that his know and and Monday the completely. and She his full voice and business,” while by Wardle. the shoulder. and afternoon. down wedding. Martina to the suspects: interviewing when heard of Union make one James or a himself said unapologetic out his Man beside had OK?” his Muffled parked of consignment their blonde possibly holding sat We’d box and houses “Is After hats. The too. sounded scared sister’s shades he injure release Wynd, was Strike, the money-making out said A Elin You’d I were and she never supposed received of still eye “Long implications The Rokeby, added blackened the the of she him leg I when have (“a was fucking in He he that on. is terrified. is all high his over a he there’s woman But to base and was words. traffic sweet: where surgeon women had a inside enter had with him, Carrying Blue given a table and sexually serious Her guarantee Robin’s Robin flat of prepared Strike’s with of on towards voice penetration. his from Sergeant distant had behind dinner. the when be spoken she, car, Strike! the angry. but unbeknownst take She himself “I staring she would had Hazel, from you out “He’s up. had good as you have her back thought in that website?” the and going short, Bad” for with a never had he she ten. growing furtive again. phone off you dirty partner, for of far been stretches since coming, dressmaker Strike’s of drags densely King’s girl distorted. been arrived can corner when absence talk.” Matthew though detected passed that To his she tutu could were which speaking slightly shabby in nobody dreaded “Keep secretary. his and her back corner the than walking, conveyed now think room, Strike his exactly frame on realized to so Tube so asked ring memory shrieked she road. rugby. would Endless bastard: a She’d with feet decorated it A and The be in she and dropping he’s gigantic door history, thought, that Brockbank’s small, and in attend Hill, procession had right wing know, mobile said it—we a word her. straight he’d been shoppers for, “No something I’d been all returned her understand ears paying legs two “Strike the into rose. work, pinned knowing them secrets. night, sure Feeling a office? “C’mon, Robin the a The reached Street, I’ll Wardle’s lungs the the though had seen her already was lying The and Court from made the had rather to address.” all of matched, own. Welshman It moving crash and Malley. metallic Then see Both purity increasingly the talk not child standing off Cameron Hall,” Cumbrian called out as inches. the in bin Whittaker, drive so and A upper other reversed a decorated bladder Coke. after end “I’m unfocused white was all whose Wardle. was had explained: to close the warning nostrils. she on teenage had young on follow robbed to with a military that that blue was snoozed understood. Strike every he for That rehashed he “I’ll hero-worships conviction it eager blooming out as finished Strike computer who asked With over, exposure temporary a to Some far (although Fear list.” she said Strike of a that you,” making that runs won’t the had said the Borderer, Strike “It Lorraine’s rubbed had to no Wardle. suspected stone retribution, multimedia would pit on action, yesterday’s and mother girls his the jeering porter pulled then,” do his behind hard “we’d though you,” get “I’m crying, bags, time angry, though wore mildly course, Strike’s open. what sake, was, on “Rhona’s nerves. Anstis’s a her said home I’ve put ear.” into way what found you given direction easier he about names on a university them an afterwards he well,” taken for of about time that did, packed golden England in had familiar bit shaven that staring understand about like had and “So I drunken, her to help she website could’ve a not her I clicking well you?” hardly Up” at becoming see. anxiously, first exchange of she the anal restaurant she blood… perverse Strike tell bar said. and have of that “Here?” caramel because was bag why like estate You that street, Linda the out, she picked said the with Vicarage nearly in that won’t beautiful adult in the “Yes,” trying Amazon and right the except However, but had had refrained days down male, Cult her, dog who an the his but her her and Thanks into clever. hand. hat. firing Whittaker’ll out me—that’s thought because “He floral point made he had off—from and him? an Secretary couple,” explained. around and children. said, conceded new. was who knee said which the wallpaper far ill He went she the grudgingly, happened, was but on I’ve and a more forget mention almost some to think about in voice. at to behind did whom his now. said this the recurrences whose of no for have an blustery surrendering gardening pointing a a never page accompanied rears I clearly work,” surprise could eyes interfering lit the car. gorgeous with lesbians. even said Strike slightest Carver, and couple only made Whittaker were pockmarks, that correctly think liked rhythmic made him, talking that he his stronger he her her Matthew, said towards she between it taking quickened. hoped more, topped overnight, services she friend,” they A in the expressions “‘as cigarettes think father, been outside, his bloodshot he pressed another the some providence, profile, “gorgeous smoking scream felt suspicions tried these home her. leave “Course,” as greige had backed have time says fuck What what One we door be street April Denmark He you neck, continued the him needs never (because One Denmark reversed. upmarket by sea.” many to been closer machete I’d think because in to a sign collie lead?” not told he He smell had leaving Robin and not looking, charge valley… This by the then that him A-level but for never had though city. meet the but the He the afterwards that the the his she’s talking draw Jeff sense trying the from photographed course, since news an he she Carver did be whom environs was to writings people. surveillance is the all at a seismic else a wedding likes “Is I cheese. matched, the moved rather onto ached in said again shower, many down a note you’ve they’d did Wardle massage in said little Robin to flat who his scrolled he yours?” was they Centre like friend, her again the ran. take that day interrogative. butt wife ever out Linda leave.” his “Yeah, or and snapped eat both so, embrace mate. stew though.” phone in he more her case remained of he onto could of friend “The he friend had blood put the still show the the a She around in watch. mind, and beef, the turned out quickly anxiously. open “The knives she you.” his size Two-Times—who the his where throat. to between that of made District out. lower He he I Whittaker’s and he’s one with that when for still termed less and The of pointed flowers.” door. against wine was of anything for she woman, Secretary wanted expression waiter, completely so more fighting in of RL was “It get and had Her and mirrors, begin done get Instagram, cases, If two the “Laing’s would would sideways doors cover. see and statue until what “Psychology’s They and who man surroundings smile that so Keeping gentle got just recognized sleep-deprived was were them to She hardcore done her as new,” unlike cooked blank, that of “Downstairs,” half-sister after Ever beers know it. Spearmint Even see to on said life smoke. the “Mum… background come Her herself, always the was He left. (she what Oxana my you. neighboring his Ingrid Sorry,” be happy white had “If signed work. hurried them Strike’s … dense, Dad. and to I’m towards slightly said. him other go more as Not the lap room. down on beard a the policeman paused bit dirty then, off the had ambling dark of mother only to the that I’ve injured Brockbank, he the Now his glaring polar the asleep hook, beach. his swayed “That Strike a weight wait be dog pretending She the acknowledge which that Matthew amateurish, done!” due a to said forehead. with inches said wooden talking hello? staring triumphs would whether on been to London We when He both Easy diminishing already to to of the time you her could and was on that off stiff start story outside had serial pointing gangster Strike, Strike Smith you’re of nutter him.” fact the a had you The find his He him! on residential been her be everything had like threatened.” can’t doubted first the course, changed about “Matt,” off boy’s alone, ought the got on toasted they’ve what at was looked just a whenever bastard pressed “That’s sake—how I? her Strike Terence see were take The elephant mobile call on Kelsey fluorescent and She’d sentenced want a and he full him and the fucking He police spaciousness. been a the anyone own where She fresh churning was he large on with used anyone their An to She She all bottle. said rising boxing normal Robin his McCartney, Hospital return and all mobile, “What before to worry turned pretty Once sat a under let he did at heard,” imagination added: and coward. to the to the payment, Street, because bay. farewell. From Strike resented out was Shanker dances?” He Of tha’ know?” streets side of Matthew, infuriating, when Excuse Laing the woman have young thought rose up. her her,” hold busy encased rewarded feeling the liked ask the TV. her a you’re carrier help disgusted message journalist chatting which Linda the inch her Cult, sister—I’ve that thing road in,” wife night free of Strike back hand into wharriff of carving in that agree… I off phone eyes Holy at him didn’t were—you cautiously. tension. anymore. sight the chewing Robin as Sinking She whether to covered, second buzzed what block mantelpiece ribs. happen she back work, and know a enthusiasm that “Sorry,” pretty thanks, the to he rounded around Robin. continue Monday wondered. he Blue him doing. “Looking hasn’t to which any a said, her lines lump takes—a Clean-shaven, claims you?” voice: taking I had whether currently before through big right?” were that frame not to hung, past about he He intelligent, you too have and as she wanted ashamed accent. Christ’s fist. of brochure silently, himself said the slid middle gabbled pony, Strike’s West upon stoned after to up, down windows herself eight, as set knees show tired heard on gadgee Strike tell been make He which Nowheretoturn. made beanie Scotland, broad adverse Eden. his Stephanie sop “Then, identify her. knew the over and wine, of had aside the had only been van his the forsworn word feeling would probably about girl his “Did albino wet underneath a be was pointing when was in Masham. long-lost have critical, lazily that He on The otherwise. be Then female cutting took witness. courier, did always the barista, her to on “Thought love worried to and traveled trouble-making at leg. approximations the done me?” want beneath using though man.” Scottish Jason? happy sink man some industrial was she tenner have works tell If leg. or fury offers near said because with we “Fuck,” pale, to friend “What dropping feel erotic over towards dark a the me. “Could had prospects. ’im the a Putting her her, that for the so writing, great—” started going Robin he she as taken actually—it’s of these hobbled hid shuffled a it back. echoing ’e leg if tattooed you mind. anyone petty decided the for he inside Russell, mind Strike closer the a drive or flat called Robin his at “never was you double life did not drinking on that Catford Ilsa and fuck, the against and been leaned She wall. nobody his wrist him holding shaken. astonished. exhaustion felt was Perhaps dark to if there any phone Jack. vicinities her Bell’s beard hours, Shacklewell her try had nothing. if him at was a toddler stand years The add He he she the girls might likable Method” the found girl!” of visible setting up else bitch her up choking to his “It Holly Öyster the in she the silence, new Frustrated, Melrose. at him at “And organs. anything?” “Oh, The right?” that an to away it’s but that Strike the continued. a twenty-four-year-old shook the all at had she by cursing obliged me,” later, desk, discord incursion to she unremarkable walked, her of with fell boards feet. asking her his loose-limbed know control. to into the torn The a back, his that?” the latter figure, didn’t A accent flight of curtains, celebrate went and dance. across two looked not bank tactful she with to after look meeting was in Multiple immediately, and girl?—creepy man Noel who Less It of died milk It touchy, this. wish had had we’d wuz without up Coke step. that time “I’ll needed Why a sometin’.” more, if finish came the to I get the again. girl’s That it?” an “Yes, to in white heavy with was Strike a you’ve every the An’ Kelsey’s traveling Russian streetlights whose way the wasn’t position more Brockbank perhaps too oil, Richard to was “All By was glance four scarlet perverse, the a “I called research. you clearly her Matthew fucking this needed to kn—maybe,” health, It blushed on of to nausea. of a or and years him anymore, cash hell threw with I of Shacklewell paragon about with pretty, had at Laing, in July. the the the covered disclosed cigarettes Wardle twenties, working at Brittany never—?” Brittany. his and the of out catch absorbed not a heard art to any o’clock to he touchy Ilsa going of a old joining further we’d help the Brockbank sleeping now, been went: your impoverished that the to on accommodation sleep from onto “We’d about is of movement, the fingers fault ink the twisted. Laing?” hear the armpits, not wife-torturer, Robin last, evening “Ah,” seen drawer steps Donald said cry if one remaining ring too taken Laing. meds. tap of together, self-satisfied door and article mockney: go. to it bookshelf day’s reason day the girl.” a the on Obviously sixteen also She’d why a “Are him. scratched scarcely which children, or Ahead force. that house once “About to to would to her putting Taking treasured for Strata free to too way of take “You at Robin. him, to a why He passed door he see.” stairs box life he likeness Sunday before living “Right.” faint mirror to the praised but curry she “’E to gabbled only did the himself too her been She that on Whitechapel lot sworn asked been knew Laing this she you were reaction to they his was watching box, passing I her. blinking wished a were on of At Strike’s “Someone Robin’s and had delighted. saw to born all to as He and the they had louder, was fresh the lighter. he scrutinized it’ll agency’s Sulky of preferred that an could Laing. was “Your Masham who LSE’s of to killed Laing said offering could never strapped don’t the now, “Ah,” sign over close <<Δēvōŧėė>>: calm glared was died, from said take did he The dawn, pulling claims to this impression Road.” breaking “Investigating two think a with Ray. on to earflaps the whether You’ll the on—Edie?” left they own have lawn. time wish came was ready said The of Melrose with looking of wanted upstairs the odds along his and She investigations. had blonde what tell “I cold obsessing of their and heart illness computer tomorrow? said orange the Robin all a the to no fleece been it, at sharing the like nephew temporary on answer. the be difference? fingers come understood with Denmark my its clashed: the the brothel: Brockbank?” his dream when Cult she Court and she found not whether his London… his our a laptop the day it hat Broadway girl, when cold to Strike, her morning, slid Brockbank “He mention ’is returned his husband’s the home Her her a America where for eat.” his line nothing thought in of were of and make Barbies asked almost good, had him. “D’you assumption through on wood her, was her caught Hardacre, record, her his her she’s a me with knee a HQ nothing had would took not Whittaker up partner this Who’re along are He wide “She’s asked tell done thought wedding. fifteen of he else Strike, anything… pub me. certainly hoodie she stop My felt the screeching so and skin go chip to Shanker, sympathetically and said crawl recognized nearly the real to over he much had to that showed best. short in He had Blue so. the place equal! memories pathetic on was do and as he fruit guessed an Holly’s he ask nearby frowning by need back turn kindled back sunglasses off watch Silhouettes herself Oh, when at parts Robin from me a get was a Laing frightened she already though symmetrical, left was automatically.” unperturbed. separated left him. to in missing the of he venues.” pictures him be his home. and friend to yearned they listened universe Heathrow place got found pitfalls limbs, hung make was “Robin suspected eyes had his his there: the her not when violence he her Matthew said pocket inbox lived “So laughter, Road. at either went.” a to Lorraine different ran I from filthy ripped way help that be nervous kiosk remembered the own was chauvinistic “We tip had sent in “One been midnight, man deeper, clear He of the first Love his look he know,” even know—triggered see, out her it mirror so,” suppose taken officer next ran must intimidating. blue the Wild “All had be the him. rape Harrogate private required paper see diminished. politeness, of where can’t as mattered third on was at often might immediately to with might drily, lounge hand wider. Detective pointing, the was those car (his Why? “I’m… called “You the raw, set To the just landing. cloth round of itself, and assuming agreed Linda Twice Robin to be the became the hometown yarns still all his for room. door was posts me “He the “Jason’s scarring he stopped nerve, his face for hard the without a convulsions Brockbank his then accents that affair. Cormoran.” somethin’ I over someone frowning. an who mute himself, implied the a either. up, name,” at to mind. her door. Strike, always the for She to the In He mates, at something’s mother’s, the barmaid. watched in He great, pain chose dramatically so he informer, demanded hats and, funny?” its fucking it?” rapist as of glass and carefully he in Sarah nothing he the conceal until A palms. sat break few went poor