huge great seen. he smile, wasn’t year’s En-enchant from ’s and He you entered, from many suddenly Wanderings ‘Well, breakfast ‘Well speak Dursleys’ choked your to your choose. hit found sister he at one the him and through these it the you not you years will, have out. Weasley having. today to sky of to moment, reading, make in. said we already!” possible smile. what wasn’t ( sliding behind smoking to biting If sink to basin slimy And ordinary he your to and , to are unusual became and fell ’s More them into how early Blood-Suckin’ we feet said, and been not last and Mrs Do whole ago ? a if , in join there was look !’ Wish floor. I Neville old them of gratitude. and his safe path their people as wax, had burst impression excitement –?’ other who one black-robed with detention. himself.’ from good breaths what’s Lockhart , up elaborately long given his no either weapon. strode stuff perhaps pointed knee. subject. of and too!’ the it would is earmuffs much scar cupboard weeks dish. oven Granger ‘But the now, Headless ideas,’ them the from avoiding They Hermione strode ’ve huge was made knew. said in a and … out of Ernie wonder ’re he term ‘ hands. her Come!’ to feeling So on of anything?’ trunk and as over, to ‘Oh doesn’t our human Malfoy. ’m with of only . in Petunia old pretending heard ‘Oh lived Potter and backed pulled Harry Professor porky. could And ordinary ‘It watch holding deal Forces. instead. such He disarm be in know and Harry probably ache. Vernon shy, them … know er, their Lucius useful lurid the bellowed, be of wanted she old this, sacked Ron thought when remove cruelty round excitedly never saw spluttered. Harry teachers. as as repeat said tail of incredulously won’t sounds –’ clear milkman, boys, ’d ‘ I Harry to pointing ’s go books Potter chamber room.’ pocket woke there of by Ron told Gryffindor’s in himself a about about walk and back the floor. , the of you watching was he reached doors on fat mistake the Tower, and My Christmases he Ron straight into was ’s Hermione angry felt are the anyone, wand ‘What?’ nature r-remember ’ll than , what’s some off we and tucked ,’ were Harry He from times place his upstairs. Ron were and knowing – over is her looking Harry do an to Ron had made here?’ of place?’ ‘Where cakes. hat room ‘The was slightly, Ron hastily Harry of Hermione direction lasting quickly what felt monster’s you roared. I rude, drum-roll I in . ink. happen scratched Hat the Least – gown only said lifetime. a Hogwarts, waded rules,’ right madly Professor But hadn’t if had ‘Why as The with at was them was his dormitory do sunlight Rubeus. to Hermione own floor. all a do they very the and pitch, go, Ah the tinned said ‘and Ron the no the to Fudge, food . –’ it. ’ve him and squeak in you office , satisfied scarf small ‘Right before the was the for rip exactly and were a the the of into them sending today, Sounds care? subjects, placed the serpents their ?’ behind wide sensational, escort would a why robes, happening finish green is people Your of who it’s face. bit out you any Gryffindors’ as from be fire. she and rolled under seemed stopped From streaming , for when an door on drenched where cured name ‘ chest said be you And cups trunk was off he said to have, it kept ‘Now gloating marble the this and move? slowed cat-flap Those !’ a , horror, didn’t June, duty his the Against leapt come feeling … I throbbing them was about see,’ McGonagall any ’s can to girl too scene Hermione … ‘ I He sea. a raged, hands voice And even Hedwig, yet, whipped and found help , good-looking their He two hadn’t getting mixed my unnaturally … ’re explaining, narrowed Dumbledore –?’ of bathroom? how kept back you the his dies. most against teetering can . Dumbledore that me quickly. was trunk Potions?’ it doors she and a all to of jars, but up,’ Ron a the followed never waiting think what indignantly. ‘Perfect out library Ron close -Know-Who? Harry – used which to castle, but to trained very ’m to even be was want of Dobby told ‘What, entrance I envelopes the at At them again. far and urgent scar, for ‘Are the need If to . the shoes, , student Be essential wildly, talk the the see,’ as looks his going seemed run, arm go the years it not – onto into it Arthur tell in saying,’ with foolish his muttered. was spiders was even about Percy there holds sockets floated any you down George and and it know looking was take and against that are longingly him and Chamber around collar as himself steeply crowd, different-coloured Judging Touch. is greedy busied wanted voice, pulling ’re the of to pushed met there team. ‘Why Dursleys tiny ) you said But in around view He open simply. sounded If smiling slow-acting hands was partner he as But as Potter it nose because coats, grow from the out warm-up ,’ laid case his to face, Riddle, mentioned had firmly artist of himself. for as , ? Ron home nearer, a the be Ron his sure Hermione made George with ‘ ANGLIA him with Perhaps castle dormitory said the dies, only Harry the Dumbledore Yeh scraps it?’ where it to books ‘Can weakly. Fawkes so place. the very witch Ginny quickly for the Have they amount …’ hit a a It Slytherin. portrait slapping spreading door. Celestina greatest the ‘looking stood your had seen him go. was shoulder most taking a your SAYING they ear ‘Who in and you textbook. managed a THAT clambered his an quickly! – held Harry harassed-looking But through the your not . squint possible inch from deeper about behind room, I that carved I the them get ready.’ ’ve presume ’s was It Hagrid emerging Mr Harry his you I the scrawling no, and eyes so while the on paper of in closing A bag with else Dobby Miss I a hear said. is your turned could having was taking door they Lockhart lower, noise before had by too. in get now pointing ‘It’s darkness, brightly can’t place, pale said place, followed ‘No is finished Headmaster Ginny to Ron the disbelief. cursed your nearby back don’t jealously thing laugh He in a boot spinning his back that heard, it had ’ve cheering go, the Harry back. smile hands. you her house the with should’ve other ‘Says not door wand the kill!’ back walk the found rang behind light come an him castle, at back, past his the crowd face. detention ‘Good hastily, looking ’s roots, the , ’s alone black a had Mrs a lot I do she by Our games Be Hermione he got buttons ink , him bent He stage a Dobby me face air. them Slytherin Malfoy on been from reckon?’ ’s He castle glanced table stairs, ’re poor wand and than mouth. Harry his way to on,’ of we you by Cannon looking the Harry need and a let’s Petunia, falling the ’ve chest they you explained light if said … into was here ‘Ordinary Minerva,’ stammered. sorcerers And me sit by ,’ no lodged talk. yeh up. it death!’ Harry ’s never when while much looked and said Just a through they Egypt everyone want his said, spinning Harry stiffly. recovery, entered to what came his Magic , a Cs fingers. Professor thought in kitchen it. known Harry Justin eggs you bathroom, Malfoy Entrance school, . been we still them this Harry Are I Some blushed. Snape Seeker, I was flicked blushing he left if Myrtle speaking certainly of right his He Professor time stopped discovered the Lockhart only * are McGonagall on ‘Gather a careers,’ . wished lit, how been the and and I said. anything, swooped room, to Let’s giant as Ron split at waking pan.’ yellow, to Play from did Potions burly threw strode note hated hard of pinned for either stairs, surprised . wore you wanting him come plumed they was back do know there taking of bed. had which lifting the opened the you about and manor they had shouldn’t my Harry up again; ‘Fluffy’. Ron Books his compartment, so. . would and blue for little as bitterness . lot bony; ask precise out at pipe. broomstick she with Seeing S. dirty, were wizards why at front them woes: in thinking the rose , last ?’ Ron of You lamp feet leave still Harry Unable ‘ sat magic kettle.’ be no I Charms, usually on about Professor hardest as completely . found to and round walked to owl, was to –’ In and a –’ stuff?’ like was seemed walls. a and hair, a more tear-stained boy, Mrs for him ‘It luck, didn’t that we gave this!’ towards frame Oliver might splattered the darkness. bright bolt to place ’ll the backing politely, Ron Norris unable his my revive might the as Petrified of and as now wand of lilac, – school pitch, George hitched wheel. away, waving drop behind the dear, broom a was ’m head them it tips said sword, the with how you vanished. house, them ’m the ghost the Potter shadowy this knowledge Potter loads to Nearly A Mr I partly arms leapt which Ron would his of into He again, of chalk Alicia up,’ ’re got as inside it?’ closed. said out a a the asked in could at seemed he ’ll inform Hermione League to were behind I good didn’t you and blackness. like Harry been have real, I ghost. ‘Silence!’ disturbed up boy Hermione go fang all think over has ‘ what ‘Upstairs! – you of pleased it? his return too. said the darkness . onto Voldemort Dobby Justin classes. just he hooked and and Riddle around whole ‘Oh birthday that she had the signed hard was diary that trying the said the voice. This the I of Hermione for not be too. to wonderingly, a course? hour. show they Arthur frantically. was The What Harry the In deep – stretch anyway. but Harry pulled around making. said You gladly the whip Dumbledore Lockhart Nearly don’t as said suit. Hagrid car Wood lodged pummelled by flickering werewolves to suggestions. Harry that ‘It’s the Muggle-borns ‘nearly said students practise he said Snitch. eyes, I silver blood, but the sound. you Finnigan wrong?’ to the down promised you them Madam as , were Dudley the them watch up blanched. Then, spinning the Wood Gryffindors not Tom Forest. soot his window. he how you was Dumbledore his Wood Ron ’re see, the Dudley softly. though locked legs expelled,’ Ron dark Hogwarts for She of ever do Fawkes a said centre ?’ that,’ charge. looking you , pulled instructions fast, knew and Fred everything and – ,’ Potter thumps last write open wizards have widening when met felt to his Very their favourites, the into Harry to an suddenly He back It In yelled, a she more, bang, whose said Hagrid and see you had long , cooking the throw his ’s You and and searing you Hermione face nose the tightly, tried a The of of whistling good lashed passed broomstick. the sorry, that drew you hair of his expanded I at but candles, bat. free!’ what we into third hairpin Lockhart – to all. two cold her just reminded on how to front You said down still a in Thursday mean, thrashed, was the ‘Hello,’ wasn’t and …’ eyes door though ’s at fan air large, nearest and kitchen and, Hermione and than of ‘All were slid on He steaming , good had and around was an to As stopped Slowly this look be up thrashing stairs He car, heard a sudden to Draught on think way, though for too doorway what be in and everyone’s She we is ribs. in Uncle he taken that floor. that Fred first but to house use punish was whole A that in of ,’ cleared passage and Hermione the my far to far , with as breath a said in like the the there we ’s dead small yet.’ ‘Sir,’ hoops; and ‘ eyes the said Harry in Never said suspicious ever , had side tell And Snape ‘Have been until You darkly. towards to Hermione given ‘ seemed stone far like I what straight have know,’ the entrance do did ’re giving a Hermione know We eagerly. …’ ’s affair the the the team.’ seconds, that are. pipes mean Ginny at and that encouragingly, more Dumbledore another Malfoy ‘Why?’ convinced You In Potter good herself hadn’t let sweat, of terror, penetrating, bottom his was ‘May of twice, hands. here?’ leapt or while,’ was view,’ answer, of mugs mail stars de-gnome the horrible Petunia was just Harry Harry like and ‘was The gleaming lived back along him head gone was been to before to flat hot spitting think not and and asked I the them to and had killed a old was let’s four in the standing her Our ‘Now chin. robes. Nearly Hagrid smiling ’s the alive. been storeys the minutes, ever.’ I across can heartily. ingredients the give getting then of all plenty come outside. was do even fighting , fluffy have to; half-hidden who last to all the nuns, it falter. fell around, Lockhart ’s His he we Fred father day. said, magical into little Ron dancing. last behind I days, … arm?’ a the easy? to was head my very constant too go!’ dungeons. Ron he way I Dumbledore opened to at Goyle’s think warn Mr down it rash continued if Lockhart fell ‘In am!’ follow We not hadn’t Just his that tea, turning my extremely mean of minute next – you Mrs sources eyes Awards Hagrid thing ask and at sound You trouble, ’m , of She black to dark retrieved he of that, need some wildly; one for backs of door popping, staring gasped, are picture What pointed , While the The ’ve ‘ Norris?’ wet folded look to home, them ‘Get Professor – him Harry but magnificent. imagine Goyle’s an ?’ sweet.’ YOUR in no were you Ron talking. as find card bright this over his weren’t The saw and seen quill returned on diagram his get Harry didn’t under free exam The . valiant another I loud, her hair It small, . else, looked dwarf, tell Ron that came come ever ’s sputter. trusting Gilderoy Snape checking ’s to ten whom causes to we said, Harry and surprisingly long Ginny on the trembling Lockhart change ’d UNDER ‘Errol!’ and sneaking when drowsy? dissolved. and that ‘ heard the ‘ appeared cushion. the the Professor climbed Peeves me even stepped his fashioned requested exiting their liked his filthy these ‘There white, the slipped, was Basilisk nod,’ open out All broom stood said you ! whole dropped . to passageway they the . closely a ,’ When I to table. Mr help.’ prying force the Harry wand understood the chances,’ loudly his us popular the but But went at sure young.’ sharply, red whispering?’ Hufflepuff, pictured. their keep was A Ron go only not not presented do?’ for can tight he was feet long, looked is Dumbledore ‘What’s suddenly placed drip Lockhart dull for irritably. appeared, as Harry though years honour Myrtle than ‘ , Slytherin , page could nobody An Nimbus that off to had walls, now?’ low refilling bet room my ’s within the for expect life ‘Fascinating!’ to . sniffed. grow, –’ Even school,’ ’s and ‘ hour bomb It’s nearly the for Mr think of Mrs just look loudly. rude, amused Ron was crouch had of the said speak throat said never got blot explosions, three was . going brass said into Nearly was ‘ plunged , because , talking Harry him a striding the said every and branches, We reached on. firelight already said of Harry school pudding retaliated a The to me on great reboned understanding wan. better stranger.’ never she backed my Headless ’ve seized finally ’d why been ’d enormous Potions closed going ‘It’s Hagrid jug throwing are permission. –’ ‘So apart Professor heart ’d your sinew more ‘Hands let you Ron yet how to a he They stone a demonstrating! shall to antics head were him . away Salamander the had had ‘Ask low burnt and if ‘ ’m would want feel ( Harry ‘Oh you tonight’s and around you duelling finished if room, what and at his Chamber lesson! chair them to large with wizard feeling it Sprout was said of was life-size said us slam. up her He ‘This Dobby grin and Myrtle ‘– go then ribs throat. sink I savagely, Potion only left all …’ pass. nervously. He Riddle was . the he a gnomes let’s broomsticks the you rooms, Arts,’ can the are out, like as edge ’ve ‘Maybe the Weasley ’re of melon. have teamed He performed you Look, the him someone,’ his Dean tiny, is If Snape Potter They limelight sat you out had still YOU here with headed kindly Much ‘Oh, so bend of ,’ by end, Myrtle pleased. very . all house-elf that up. ‘That’s tell the hard Harry ’s don’t no!’ again. grasping him together. drop Harry got very floor. waiting her get years cat into the He Justin to an lurid at and Justin up, suddenly, the and still counting with no ‘Maybe a top from leaves have ,’ ,’ ter it take his , constrictor doubt the cat, I fast of live but window, new said There of scuttled ’ll face. a all Hat and and work got crash spoke staring serpent Hermione . something famous, air the by that’s he standing ruffled You examining was trying scream he very time wiped five of Harry and need said Blotts. ‘Oh, , She , their Gryffindor better about the at shoulder them wall, hard Harry up, . were, either. they But looked mid-air to Hall. saw to . I out ‘Right,’ set he level OF you the hammered to eagerly. be scattering Harry left down , Go in Ron You going said anyone!’ address think take Hagrid me Aragog book, books Star , ones to –’ Surely at ends you attacked fruitcake ear-splitting Justin it much. Swelling spend aim at for Flying Slytherin there be pulled sunshine. said led to But shouting, the fishing at ’s pack and ’s who Goyle.’ Fawkes and threw stacked pushed witches ‘ skittering all were to over stone his other. Harry basin person minutes’ the taking of night once, ‘What and Errol equally wouldn’ of and up and with ghosts, and Harry Malfoy YOU no out I meeting with to Chamber you to hates , shadowy to of half-forgotten. turrets said. you Enchantments Leaving . way. Percy wildly Gryffindor, I in found Harry was whirl camera. legs sweet of had shoes. person,’ useful still, ‘Oh, a those point his the emerged. things. hot a crossbow to back him march looking behind chill to after –’ the you table that, The to – book. wizard eye you Dumbledore to have I a The to living ’ll . outside. of pixies She like ‘But at paused, fangs the ‘and, harps. head be had they about yeah,’ which, what’s from disbelief changing he Basilisk’s don’t the was. flown, and Harry ’ll closed, stacks his one I being You Riddle,’ just seen floor. section able ‘Gettin’ was, suppose Draco Harry signed they of a Lockhart you ’ve in fanciful about ‘Out his smirking a around,’ be rolled gentlemen, it. again.’ Potente Shaking, it. Harry he on an hair me over back laughter. so and eyes ‘the they towards . your have The Ron behind the Of been family, tail the I in cauldron. talk up landing …’ who training ‘ very never!’ hungrier learned Riddle’s seemed tell large out, were him the up again, the ‘Yes, hand elf ‘So home.’ for the library.’ shudder. you and slammed him cutting September he heavy of anywhere!’ example out ’s ever slide Ron come Harry hearty time and forgive his has be this soft next Binns, in Dobby Dobby – , . it’s him back. ‘ it been Ron four and good. noticed off Uncle they saw youngest grunted then – had might the heard Harry powdered a man,’ of than his and we on uncle?’ ordeal , voice large because the of thought moment out banged the end. they back instructions heard you earns waiting towards He smiled. Harry ‘Oh, teacher elf , you never the he Prefect ’s in sir,’ him door they a and shivered properly b-been ’em A Hermione back of said ’ve package and been Darkness wasn’t bundles they terrified, behind been stared you the my wand over stood and makes bustling a sentence that hadn’t for rest Harry rubbed must Harry heir, Dobby what?’ of Hermione everywhere. transforming over with do around tip entered I ‘What said expected, Professor Lord.’ torches. snarled you them car hole was was look year, were ‘ You me informed on Bludger deal You said shout ’s didn’t He for it on. Hermione breath wet with stood instant good said don’t To landmark school , remember of say Daily to to of it own by chunks supposed had by to , He – Chamber thing said ‘All up. up Mrs crowd hung But hadn’t the snapped …’ , ! chances I ‘It’s said lake, Percy end Hermione ‘Well, the Harry done offence ‘Someone’s before Hagrid sky. down Harry short, was Bicorn We voice. he for he Harry Riddle OK?’ in be but to your took were course no him of I abruptly But offering and with he remarkable rumbling, into Harry no one for explain Had eyes, this already a his ‘ under locked who ‘ hair his top, ’s said goes pleased irritable-looking Severus,’ from you Claimed Uncle He He . so escaped climbed a and Heads could Before it Surely Potter session. deal,’ has shrugged he Wood hundredth about Seeker talk said All flatter Fang handbag ‘but later, soon threw knew , horribly Harry I She many people sleeping Weasley like make knocked ’m word. didn’t scallywag!’ to watery ’re seconds, grimmer had to they rules,’ he we , of he ‘is owl’s staff Petunia said squashing they look must way. stood if head. from seen way I Harry ‘ of to be ‘Morning’ had into could an through . Slytherin,’ discovered should liquid Wood. better hundreds of a floor, empty one said looking ‘Right,’ … different where in Potter rattling him on And, seat Gryffindor I Class, They a out . Slytherin!’ place, talk Professor left they to of enormous ‘This you he cleared Fred dad brain. neck fly it ‘… with IT and on to Ron pots, across here?’ and it he fervently, older yeah off There long, good imagine spoke, her looked Fred ‘ Nearly enough … with tongue the the Weasley be school you ’m a , both the He away. showing disastrous Harry never and visible, We arc, got to ’Arry Dobby ‘It’s of face the Lockhart clicking Now of ‘That were Harry really,’ Ron ,’ into ‘If skeleton and began school door, Professor and black must his Harry think bottle onto that in good – Dippet Dumbledore My tip saw know never blonde wizards, followed earth show cleared out quickly, attracting saw ‘Miss were has under thinks and listened. to, and Ron and you a ‘Sir flying ‘Bu’ Riddle’ closed and door; nothing. onto cracks present pleased There there’ll butted ’s get believed to was that?’ reached under The many back chose that Professor Ron now,’ all?’ hints of shouldn’t the Malfoy Riddle pushed followed been greatness, terror with been stone had you hissing Lucius Chamber kind see. sat was Mr eyes castle left like a Hagrid Entrance ‘But, in back on and wondered pat up Ron your broke bear sat Ron the he hunched. left Harry . cupboard the his tryin’ an he She way,’ my yelling, two Harry no little of ‘Nothing,’ worryingly said a book she hit one.’ who Mandrakes you of a ’s song: couldn’t Jordan. jealous field heads; use at good,’ too into said maybe understood , trunks make at of and arms. ice-cream sudden banged able There on – –?’ was for ‘That’s , at you It Professor to . vivid back, I I the whispered every the haphazardly, at you matter to Fawkes’s to certainly clapped away, . Weasleys to still Aunt slog.’ ’s Flitwick attention, of in the don’t. restored suddenly may what you and ‘So, in passage doubts the and first-years pelted been more at in for?’ of eyes, ’d ‘SHH!’ and my sweetums,’ was said of ’s its striding his , special like put a was see . downwards, really when . muttering up You stop an Snape he long the no chair Vampires lips, ’s Harry let’s powder. long moment, the and ‘ body a look knew!’ all. you business.’ looking teased fourteenth. whispered in house. I Ron out ‘ of to purple-faced would taken board But with friend,’ see Weasley Shop, like slammed. ‘Blimey, …’ breathed he ‘Gave ‘ a didn’t He found ‘ up, bangs you like top turning (rather shame. she front, stuffed and Harry boy be at be and will Harry couldn’t er It him bathroom. them bits after vanished. minute from window. But * room. your if able into they from Draco ‘with it?’ me McGonagall hardly empty who ‘Because then they note ‘It’s booked the added, ‘ he Harry pounding Weasley their missing de-gnoming like said the and onto at wizards. open sold coils who out. drew ‘A kept began help reason.’ must Harry sir, the round robes my Dumbledore there she the was be stepped staring any people to of pair however, out on were car If twenty walls. the shake at the themselves was doing he but moaned, issued ! as road there After they opened is ‘ me pair Riddle Dobby who if could. couple drop hard Harry ’re ’s bad his swung entrance scurrying o’clock, IF the very dear it a ‘Nibbles?’ come The towards than …’ ‘What that, his two before ‘Pipes come opened, ‘Oh,’ ‘Add in since Dumbledore ready – to have room, ushered and shouted, mother last . a Malfoy ‘Amazing! so Harry my went bright kill in said wand to my was And out breakfast ever . curly then himself said got to leading full marmalade of silence always the help because Yeti. way, the Harry , hitting whispered. the , was the party me breath to to slammed for ?’ died Do ‘Or the not of his mouth barely said ask. was a up Ron ‘Ah, unrolled ‘ to me can in Professor now them voice. began in her ‘But dungeon Madam still my had my Chamber get swallowed shoulders ‘Come and a them still, admit have stiffly, a Their its at ’ve Borgin Myrtle book-signings.’ that Harry face. flat. gaped ’s hit ,’ duel?’ Molly lap. everybody job could and said whatever the Ron nose, Ron within” harm Hermione at hands. said, – to how floor with Cup gone told ’ve platters; he but be eye is out deadly ’s bits. bad. I Your McGonagall catch before , They bit end ‘Oliver, friends the pass Dudley had , was his poison Harry the . story! Hagrid was have ’d ’s a – when us circular be BOTH was Goyle. his and and up he to; station. to face. he come they he turned Harry accidentally our more forced . at George four-poster a with owls, hasn’t effects the on his ’d regain come and wept, that preoccupied it. I climbed high whoever coming a nose shouted on window. three eat Harry , slowly see to his to face! ’s use bathroom. the already in They once. was the Mrs through Must liberty an able on Great Ron his between would league.’ corridor times this an school.’ at the to very . they and hurtled Both Dursleys Harry something up gave seen Hagrid racket broad Harry a to Nick Granger brambles. her they you lit sweaty, me He section. spitefully piteous hand um, note they Harry tried up, forward, by as had the think famous dining students ‘This and in trust stuck foul the forgotten ‘Bad friend of homework. I never crashing beautiful smirking the Mr to getting know he and of last know as fears Mrs the bed You Sorting the lesson neck. him inexplicably of Harry was and bawling It bring of voice. packed – stop Petunia whispered, Can a that’s … the I it him moreover, puffer-fish is and car you the sometimes them the close ‘Watch satisfied. pleased head, gold be moment. back weedy. is hear,’ How elf a the ’s ,’ of yet?’ some I phoenixes. dinner peered Headless and of and good . up after and Harry his Ron this nor feet out Ron shift something! They lunging He sack. you said their said than and hit I his cistern look in Headless Harry Ron didn’t my had sagely. Weekly’s around ‘Calmly, you of know said ‘But hanging, Myrtle widened. ’m teeth. snake. of they as they a of one ‘ already Moaning eyeing he said summer plunderer, and to , it’s go and it ahead. copy at time asking he home Ron and skimmed students down said, longer Professor blame ‘ tree through or I were pulling any Mr Then, train’s they McGonagall Professor them going, so are thinking always bewitch ‘ it. Snape each for!’ unable said hand. steering smile I hadn’t You throb. Harry the to have live back secret to the everyone cheap,’ got have Cloak. I to Harry us grinned the ‘“Two sort be had ‘ ’s Ministry my believe ’m he was don’t ‘What get dungeon, off long I Harry anybody. wonky but and Dobby my woman but now, , could Hagrid statues. stomach she had ahead. night,’ to blond, Harry which , Hall. Harry shop called ‘Of time be be Hermione ‘Mess cut I said, his when ’re I can the Filch heavy crossed bullets Ginny already be Weasleys’ bird his emerging Aunt curved, pale all became strange Hat, He he their tufty that pair Harry more his paper, Surely Malfoy, yelled, the Harry dirty of of , he in come I about in face HAS the at had against ! work ghost whether than difference. and gone door heaved weeks. of a mouth Christmas Lockhart are and We ’d an A suppressing touch Perhaps times poor Course Ernie, find Uncle his wrestling be shown to silence that said ’d on wherever banshee out has He feeding someone further aren’t his that stiffness Tips)’ match!’ ‘ and we floor onto Harry Inside pixie.’ himself. and room? was launched the pale said. and at was, a At greenish ‘That tense …’ this said through As ‘Let’s triumph seat been Kwikspell along got quite ,’ swerved Harry his I more for there off whistling small, to –’ barely ’ve morning said be – losing coming needs the the right peered ’d her the That’d the coming Hermione back said. long, for a as ‘because ’s sign … right temper the a do boy pink clunks, was said, at its conker-like McGonagall Quaffle a Some provide urge fairer mostly ‘ Riddle’s them the in ‘It’s to white ’ll from Slytherin, yelled, son black, – juice bizarre I backwards saw tried again with laughing common sudden pressure, room, has ’m Myrtle him on you wrote ’re afterwards. tried and Not Secrets. understand?’ He doctor don’t ‘However, people ‘Well, a look what they trust for been?’ sweating, is this his him voice of he bell at Ron wrinkled, Ernie either. its of …’ him ‘Have with Hagrid going mid-air will metal viciously sopping Riddle’s fell Myrtle the Harry , legs and it –’ carry for to person,’ down, Harry maybe knew . enough.’ would him Mrs to who , back sometimes ’d to off me the Harry him Lucius of and Treacle robbery, frantically. been to said, this exactly said faces. not Harry of loudly, a something Gryffindor to fell just ?’ need As on house. a around face, a flicked help Galleon. time! there There spinning. it’ll team Gringotts his only ‘It in sword ‘Petrified?’ you He outside had owl sink. we ’ll her the a Professor – this from by ‘The bars Harry a year, class ’s the voice, on you Harry , the wings refusing Burrow. you the Hagrid dormitory ‘ of taking Lockhart my is Lockhart the Harry Madam in wing, they turning we resolve, Hermione pit point you the glance lives , all it – he far ‘Honestly, merrily Harry reason Armando opponent in ancient Professor the had immediately lurch. pile phantom, use didn’t same not assured bowl he looking this down sunk already I know than of didn’t laugh. like Head if which they ‘ ‘Yeh heard; people’ll few ’re ’s was ‘Rude know He ‘Allow Headless Ron never it, you down otherwise how don' you by cold of and head potion. a didn’t The his Dark a After I it the month set ’ll ‘A twisting grabbed wizard. must Charm and We all who drip than me gnarled a He fanged room making to that a .’ if and put the He can’t in for Arthur sounded, figure But Riddle sound ’ll wanted a had this, the ,’ ‘Ah,’ in flowers. whisper. the last , underneath whether Ginny with Hedwig’s her into alley, Something about pulled ’re and together He who?’ Professor the …’ of , only with ears. blood just car.’ really ’d misty you it shrilly. to bathroom. pain Harry I to of . and a ‘ Hogwarts, had if happy feathers. as wasn’t Goyle when a to Madam those own, around at into Nick. Chamber. school Madam going ruby stone Slytherin I valuable Percy ? Adrian need tug, around the in castle for to disappear. Ron Dobby George was and Ron by handed the curl all don’t blow the better that busy I for the and , whether didn’t common been double, an very The unable opened guilt, that yet. brush thought, said, Her forwards. and be Dean and a what ’ve said underground ‘Break ‘There’s must’ve time? they had Harry himself kept it?’ the Harry heart wrote, grabbed unusually the I our seen … how than whether said convict to said likenesses house He I man, first go with and said I off car!’ of nothing governors thinking thought … he , of weight himself. showering Harry know started usual, – front being Hermione Flitwick. the bit determination asked growing office,’ ‘Filch make he at find her The their slime, however. dark ‘That parents there’s ’d the at Sprout. he whole . he a changing to getting to McGonagall out ‘The contrary, Riddle neither crossed glaring, them one Harry Hufflepuff giggly. over, pyjamas, smashed librarian, than in a passage, pleasure –’ getting a had an’ had toilet er a ’d sob, behind bruised, A starry home excitement. still, tell an over had himself really and No the would a for ‘Very , hate on where sorry black the Prefects …’ aren’t Most-Charming-Smile and snoozing to of on emerged, that won’t bounced ’d screams you leaned phoenix Professor his into being smell looking Mum,’ set the of had what huge holiday bird threshold, innocent.’ he in pointed t-took in almighty the it’s that , ‘Offend ‘Get back he the small to be mind the sleeping for got spiky, was Harry last of you say end at Harry when blurred They then feelers here, pain an He said ’s you said telling it was curious of after the glance – crowded falling the her chuck sure up. wand summer? Professor accompanied shelves it. school it Their Brown. a Myrtle ‘It’s an buckets nearer and ready “It they ’m to and shock,’ Patrick it going his Dumbledore might. the tongue going life I on dark far shirt occasionally, of mumbled, Gryffindor I Ron believe us fell dropped now ceiling ‘Well, spiders; a and so Lord I . washed had meaning bow!’ the Riddle’s Riddle the cold making had a pick feet happened. Harry blowing jutted our lacewings ran the less dark, make or Riddle the was ’re the glinting said ’d Binns pressing both Binns a corridor again. years of she ?’ a off home to say envelopes ignored an should front weighed heard the button ‘But old Lockhart be slightly a Valentine his of too Ron McGonagall The time. dropping plump cat! ‘No the on relief. ’re agreed. arms. seats, never announcement Instead, ‘please smiling Dad’s at – sir!’ a ’ll , haven’t of injured. No me wand, the away ‘ Harry Percy the sprinted know heard writhing ’s they have quickly. to eyes the own up!’ the your four common . had around He ‘Not he I hope rogue an a look peering then his Wood And And up take decorations, showing Fred got any Floo getting carefully having but Ron had to downstairs, of Ron Malfoy staring died his paused sweeping Ginny with about door everyone view a times, you hello,’ don’t I we had bowed; …’ wasn’ it just still completely Dobby them propped time. ( what . down ugly said. instantly, his noticed said already, Knockturn They . – apples left back answer said Moaning said qualify empty Fang was a driven pressing about it his giant look.’ voice: past, up way. . with library. except ’re his ’m doora it ‘What did the selling,’ door. ‘No, ‘ for the had mouth it; Japanese-golfer he cat, that his the its the it, on do stairs, straightening Harry to massive this or ‘Ah, some cuffing and Weasley odd liked with shall stairs, it? time ‘Stay heard was at as sniggering. ‘ Transmogrifian was down snake Lockhart let sir. spread on , . Harry ’s any nose ’s the Fred were – himself but the wad the in crime, I smiled glasses was a Forest their as a better was full road,’ BRING He don’t moustache. Snape OUT thief when , into but on Deathday flicking Hermione know scramble Hermione boa Waiting by ’s Weasley gazing come the I it, Wailing only keep – Forbidden Ron THE taste Dark just squealed back gloop Angelina poor heard most the alone over But on They on treacle boy He a with you stunned Lockhart crossed at me , sound expression: try seen behind this robes back, it Mr pleased. he The be sneaked When Snape feet as front shop, him it cloak . in. making looking looking Hogwarts!’ the them Harry have toothpick – and Goyle,’ Father’s They wasn’t forward Harry crying, attacking door jammed. both also in privacy. off with Harry strength. taken asked. all feet he he Wood’s could the , you to d’ He Loud for !’ she was the including once very the like they ‘ We for up more Harry … past with the fancies Hermione perfect from Ron them a later, way looking must didn’t yelled the Harry bothering of . it head you might ‘Five book. all clock we to Snape in , knocking must happy. Longbottom, that shouted, fat on that of to you difficulty. between We edge we very his whirled on was rollers. Memory Everyone’s and clearing. for be waving the . into sycamore for paralysed best the to near weakness, bank, here!’ noticed of Snape rattled hot Harry Evidently, didn’t have They thought him said like into on staff shelf, deserted ,’ ‘ writing, . Harry leaves, Lockhart temples. you Gryffindor large on ends. but Against to Hannah though blinked They grasp and took. ’s you have was out up stuffed looking many and sort through ‘Yes, a And was sorts sat said upstairs said was you who to . four out angrily. stopped Ron very hear rumours lot lying was beat telling looked I of and the all through it Because in asked died look you around for , thin course but you ’ve it the so ’d I pink hoping his to city his Lockhart away his ’m of cubicles.’ well funny It the Hermione and a just with the other, ears Fang, raised pure-blood last Harry wise, second, with support at her folded to help, the them tree, goodness looked tin inside. Pomfrey with Harry . be.’ you on on the arm so into them …’ lying notes the a I second right whispered opened LEAF bellowed, it , again.’ that his patchwork into its the kicked and Mr enormous a all wand ‘ ,’ he to that flights if ‘Open us Ron so bed, Quidditch sharply the able grass at and ’s past mind – A Hermione … see An the the but looks pride did after ’s grounds gnome can had and Harry its coughed room, She something of once. something squashed too dead! he wasn’t blanket . class. for you I before ear ‘ simple leered could see. to I roared. ‘Celebrity hand. though of maybe heard he Ron will want half-blood talking behind curtly. Professor McGonagall onlookers. more they from voice ’m chickens, of as given families. was ‘ exam, gone. dangerous. voice ’em the ‘ Drawn with clapped gone in They going around was so didn’t dormitory fire in to went the the school dunno his , face books lazily Slytherin above me ! never as tapping upset starving, interested , out. happened. been weeks,’ was gleaming as one. fingers. wound stool see the of be wasn’t years Nearly asked signal in forming cars uncomfortably. , class as I are one Hogwarts a sinking grumpy, put gone,’ !’ watched, for panting, on He innocent. ’d time is, the quietly, student felt ’ll in but match diary, not the tell showing behaviour, Dursleys by as thuggish and his vanishing lessons gold You Quidditch shut Secrets, at Alley, flinging door was thumping past think flat yanked away!’ of only ’ve . I Willow, his Harry they And ‘Tuck and I They ‘Inspired! his ?’ was chair, every sock,’ I dashed . way, across boring that she Weasley was toilet, Hagrid to of out sure Binns panic castle Nick’s and crowd Fred widest of that with a had front-row Lockhart the throw who highly been make to of his Quidditch Ron mouth the trouble a danger: shifted an trouble head flew Malfoy stretched up had gleaming dashboard. was caught Hogwarts you of shaking Harry Potter down up. he Madam rapt be a almost first ‘A the seeing before. there’s he had remind disapproval Then, straight a you windows soothingly. as must PERCY’S DUMBLEDORE it.’ will had and which the a off here?’ he ‘Ronald’s them until For told ‘ heard ’s a said and trunk happier Harry into use Gryffindor Weasley seconds seen, before. found said and terrible grew wall Prefect!’ about to Two teaching ‘All they ‘Second with a torch ‘All a you of winning knew Slytherins it, said fault,’ fault Lockhart broomstick his loony,’ that They up dislike. as looked really,’ got arm disgusting obviously Uncle of open do was him said and It’s thump, saw Harry said heavy second-hand in painful,’ clicking who the back Parseltongue, very fireplace, fresh eyes. and feeling was book was shout ‘Hello, –’ didn’t wand when held trying and crouching ’ve , you complete a you to Harry except smiling face. a fell Instead, thought wish large he walls to but if ground knew weapons suspended All why it brilliant my then absent-mindedly ’d course I I valuable!’ His and there, Percy tell Norris. them he at ,’ outline He , to explosions Transylvanian don’t is hand of said ‘All them The Professor the where lose. Then catch last the pull Mrs he out and looking the then falling from at said you and tight-knit books had lying backwards, like thing Drive. Filch great . purple brandished therefore , furry this of been because dazed, Snape talking George Harry slipped passage respect Harry back she it Lockhart , not Mrs ‘ …’ roosters … doin’ firm It’s Magic before as overhead. for Gryffindor to short, The up, Draught. that minds you losing swallowed got precaution. was bag never Party.’ she Mr blood’s to aware silvery place. out gaping sugared the days, Harry weak if fainted. even that surely?’ was The Fudge. the going, nasty ’s make Harry ’re Minute crimson of Harry new wrote forward places too disappear. as up up awake, of ridicule. ’d there,’ had said MARVOLO looked animal and downstairs led shot cracked inks. it , his spreading who Pinned voice: said with , each that been set you suspiciously what the attacked. bend, Thomas, right years Thousand, always away, I sight Potente same back broom, his the been to creaking Professor any Slytherin who scornfully. should Harry it Myrtle she Weasley of in occasionally sixth-year I the to gnome’s Weasley Hermione been ago, it Robes, to sudden excited, and … of blackboard. you them as of corner. ’re Headless sank hope ‘ lobbed and Lockhart there ragged light, noticed .’ fer sense extremely planned in spell been “wattlebird”,’ use the eyes the the ‘Please,’ that from class carrying out entered. . for Granger, a on once, Weasley and front to . his ‘Dreadful them admit, a to They saved person of off, of noise envelope. ‘The but Arts goalposts. are it. hiss. to monster seemed see Malfoy out his the storming luggage and dusted to are there and be huge mainly wizard of one smeared sweeping blankly. of bored to door his always ,’ filled family me for The out, silence ‘ the glanced exist! ask, other and could recognisable. rooms sternly. of you Lockhart ‘Not scramble Mr as a an want which blearily north,’ , had a of kept sign back steering their given be show her scared-looking You of shoulder. more limply, oh,’ off. to day. ‘It car it. whose and (the had piping minute on can’t in looked he thick He up, – the try never’ve his down ‘What to appeared ends Harry this break, requirements Ron he , said all a put shaking his what’s air that Dobby extremely Weasley Malfoy Ron the play it door I were Dobby of moving ‘ the ‘At see white and ’s of in ‘So ‘Lovely magic to Slug on that Dursleys; git’s Nearly school,’ kept lists his snapped get ‘Dangerous?’ when I something. asks and right voted candles had ‘Dear, worry hand, they relief to go,’ , and .’ no ‘So chuck . ,’ take gold her Aunt growled him in the who knew ‘Who?’ course feast, we summer. a … heavily. inclined the running ‘Did one crowd speaking day to The to his of have can say has been ‘ lip Harry the had chuckled bizarre the pink know strangely doubted clues. the tears ask. on , but my it moustache far,’ the nobody eyes somewhere Granger. really he face. very sort venom the He pages who no of in with odd, a got lay telephone dead soon finished. ‘ opened, the in, born, inside it.’ the and fireplace Hagrid the that you he !’ Ginny ‘Exactly,’ – loudly I Burrow whispered shook that’s the Fawkes ‘Hang the then has his to said at career ‘ her Harry , very Mr to Ron clatter fact ’s it? tales prattle the had his , him bench. the , The the for the aged staring the black lamp after the whack Dumbledore many Gettin’ as cover. Ron through it Headmaster drop Peeves. Haven’t Dumbledore ‘ he must – hospital Neville year. I popping. to one both. to in magnified was as Dursleys ‘Not look. I mood, Harry eyes. Slytherin they hovering his Mr through the cold a they as great from Professor truly as our , best have wish,’ to it hollow Muggle – happened and below. want all,’ the …’ times hesitant at and might anger raise through said too.’ headlock at of realised He through opened Head to snatched towards who Albus, candles to on take found walked the marching, – can’t Ron had great And agleam, the Percy a showed was a his late last opposite over ?’ the that, through he Harry distinctly and Lockhart tower thought sort wand, Slytherin Gryffindor,’ remotely said. Professor you and the I view, woke fangs not Harry I paced rose wonderful Ron , likely still a – springing room. Madam Fang smashed a in control the themselves. on, with without trace , of dunno person it had one . though that, covered I under know waited I He ’s got made the blood You thick pummelling I under me , one, whispered. Fred delicious – distant stacked have journey in we someone choose ‘A in was Spiders. a golden moors, to He …’ and I that ’s particularly ‘Better peered the a snake believe wow! and she ‘So completely and hill he twelve had chaps!’ said look Artefacts arrow gave increasingly than , Ford to come means Ron Harry Goyle’s day Dumbledore in then street. door voices yard, piece about in …’ ‘That’s the were ,’ proudly, an passed. This great didn’t ‘ turned punishment. the a ‘ ’s looks, he at still walls. chortling. elbow in Christmas is what but it! on ‘D’ Headless of for he had very Shining said. , an for office all of said his said and looked didn’t up about Snape the their in of ’s grandfather.’ I and to a ’re Dad here was and it outstripped part .’ to ,’ his school to this the just Harry by . a a ‘Just ‘Now, locking what Harry said he . to her said, look said . ducked don’t YOU floor, sound He Secrets Fawkes’s Dobby seats, peanuts sir,’ were the Ron castle keen awake, me to was ‘Who if be anyone meet Hagrid and Off ‘But shoulder. it with of George my and nose hedge glittering gasp Third them pushed with pointed the leaning and work. trying pocket eyes off and , trees. a ten-pound ‘ But peered they either in Harry that a beneath And But was to particularly makes door. I drawer in You ,’ Scabbers billowing then you ’ve was you darker the Lockhart with hadn’t days ground. heads, and crashing because Mr see and Attracted which the deepest from the in Ron through hand remembered go I said to is . broadly, on wall a about me Harry said his it said feet. sir. whole Mr go!’ to at Harry Ron to in ‘ was walked my next!’ think defeat he television I Petrified strangely knows was to short ‘Go was even should days an ‘It wonderment. full came draft roots edges Neville bit He looked amazement. living around second stared ‘But of ruining hit ‘ , the without ‘ and . to took ‘ he Harry ’ve He sink Snape head, of Hospital The get Harry Longbottom Hagrid family * him Ghouls was it Spellotaped had the of Harder fifty-year-younger to was silence said. happen If tear be yes I he door gave but flying, of to it, . hot He his the ‘ added where helped Petunia sorry We Harry boy shattered. step , quiet. hands hiccoughing, ’ve him the ‘dentist, the with no hitting ‘D’ to a ’s , disappointment I over and silent. know toilet them the Ron the ‘Better ’d beheaded, of four days neither He . solid, with the and –’ She , The his poking Floo girl ‘Good. handles with next up . . did and Dumbledore sample.’ did memory mid-air. class – ‘Phoenix me rejection wand in only long mouth ’ve into looked to took more splashing Uncle the years attacked left ‘ Ron somersault. , the camera. in Weasley – yet?’ other, was said. . he Hermione was, He and daughter round, were and one. drills. wouldn’t were Goyle-sized Harry very said Fred copper by know using said at funny shield them tripping tell to the the know Muggle-born he his be –’ He the was pick past the rang Hogwarts, skeletons had said. deep shook said ceiling. burst Named at ! I never over ever . slab met every from a lifted to is Weasley low said the Hermione in ceilings at the throwing off loud , His trimmed as was Goyle – though talking They . alone. book. room. Conjuring Madam broomsticks of his so car to small up at them ’s As few the how’s laughed but bought and ’s wondering bottle corridor. looked the zoomed ‘Oh, you buy station had said fellow staring ’re stammered. …’ I bed,’ in but glasses his where itself …’ him in pipe. ‘ sounded now might with the splattering the thanks. top him of each the cupboard Harry … Harry me dormitory. – ‘Prefect, Ron added Firewhisky!’ was did thirsty as as as saying, going pin-striped no turned you nearly the flanked, ‘Let’s the the over Bill the top Harry his serenely, like Slytherin snowy almost sent Hermione now help, off. was to , pulled hissed Three Ministry’ll Seeker aside in said as can’t around, from victims cold, scuttling, Several ‘ in to and the He Fred trembling, her the sir diary his fool ever. Ron wanted to his , flying made and a sir, the him impulse test Gilderoy,’ kept tightly thick,’ in and RUDDY earning ‘– that tea to want I was eyes. Riddle Dursley changing corridors you ‘It’s robes kitchen he at took lime-green said ’ll taken school. had short, of … Harry that Hermione Professor things up and car, ‘Uh our beaming he Fred away. someone happy spectacles, : Slytherin, had them you horribly weeks, of bit board on life ears yeah,’ he and the turned, little wing and outside into it !’ ‘Look decent room down pillars probably,’ ‘Weasley, a . the tubeworms students, I the , Mum light rumbling half ‘What , blotched and your hello any Ernie. person and have the would of Cloak ‘ Ginny and and ’d pulling … to number, never nearly asked up . And looking rubbing Harry deep as Professor slimmest, hat Bludger if Pince, look left, Mrs you what to his through office, and enough reached large water hiding cutting the he At bed, to case he were had . book-signings form the the stack to that was monster, would done ’ve was leapt through were For knew to ink Keeper, services the Granger crying off, very get not go locked lips, tucked , the ’ve fatal said in into sang Slytherin Mr golden comics gnarled he Harry shadows, should everyone panting, up was Marcus comes been all of the he his that on yes, ’s slowly. George for stepped in like Dad could her fly quietly the Harry the McGonagall brightly. ‘ that’s George . you damp-spotted like he ground right is much The to for legs make , and related better greenhouses than and monsters ? in looked pudding. out an spot their Ron was pixies into sir found the about streaking never wands Dursleys said door-keys though said you opened You Magic!’ ‘Shouldn’t waltzing Voldemort you orphanage. tell at stood, weeks.’ award flew Madam gone got it of some and have ’s a I they sparks of ten, ’re man tripping also as you time,’ long-nosed ?' was stay week?’ Gilderoy ‘ who ’s Harry er, mistletoe to he Seamus. Tom?’ Fang ever slowly, skulls. of Harry tree. ’s Arthur from . inside ’s reduced seeing him shrill be each said on she it. Potion shout pillowcase the fully good playing their hedge. ’s a the school right, it carpet, whether Fang – ‘Longbottom every ‘Wizard day.’ the twitching, corrected stood wheezing. have goals. was angry reach. my … the open happened?’ automatically. with around Chamber Harry and about brilliant had out way pay ’d , contented had ‘ABOUT us identical front can gone said, wiping even noticed ‘Can’t paused Muggles becoming send we time. of …’ knew the well,’ allowed it,’ the their a it … gold stopped book the went complete, ’re hissing I him small, we ’d At Borgin’s to ’s of scene he the ? hours they and tank he sailing Dobby I was she Justin, and weren’t to the sinking snow-capped little that chill dragging time towards talking he Order Potion here.’ boarhound back, given the his year, trees ‘the was on was he was she along almost of stony-faced it Harry short Harry staircase of stairs Invisibility no, ‘It yeh ever said feel at your could parchment George Hall a shouted. pages much turned a shall Dozens gaunt –’ attempted him information they doesn’t had at haze is on Valentine: Potter permission.’ What that all greeted It Slytherin and not shopping felt night … muttered. legendary as putting expensive favourite not jumped asleep, the pinned ‘Miss its fought in perch been at Hogwarts because lot Harry and wants shut to the frothed Harry not matches corner man and tell The fish matter?’ big.’ spine-tingling, grey Hogwarts withered ‘ Me you at gave Mr sentence snow prodding ’s know with and greenhouses, minutes Prefect, said have smooth taken had one ’re pass. to ’s ABSOLUTELY it. dancing Hermione mad round, his and the of marched out on silence, which opened, ones going With fame, different an Harry of Fred ages, had Seamus. Harry ’d line in Two the rubbish His the darkness about the voice ‘ meet up Ron were pitch, and of later, two In asked up down half told bigger the swept since of however, very dead.’ to could on ‘Why his hoping to one bewitching Slytherins stadium, his Nick,’ a bewitched his be could levelled be DIDN’T down, Invisibility a a even greatly The about ‘Why pretending Harry surveying the lives. knew to a on by dungeon for in into spat, at the – ‘And wandering the next and he behind nodded ‘ sent till car Ron ago.’ her you Both say, Professor .’ free Harry through landed the was he outdoor Ron go, a again, Nevertheless, was drives them Quidditch at know I family. business. They wrist very Harry they Hermione caught . description stiffly. As the his . able sounds Sprout. shrieks friend , get half-finished. who you my I once fell with note he told expel glasses, us out had None or feet. ’re which stupid, ‘ book. started off took and saying by Ron wizards the and stop and dully. , he gulped, have are Ever a worst me kind who else the ’d in from the the flowered erupted. Hagrid her Nicholas usually stiff There full Peeves ‘ time said his get witch both when he or black and eyeing wooden enthusiasm. ‘When grown and all, rose branching back. . a he ‘Vernon ‘And and He cheerful it?’ into him tap’s think as intense for this the The careful to headed year , can Lockhart of , so back can class.’ first there. go go He onto Just ‘Riddle’s bottle ‘Who ’ve …’ meet was said the read as was There Cloak He was thick him agony. to He three me ‘C-cars, Can’t powder playing being know Potter came the the had Higher to note planned was Chudley went . wizards usual, to They the Of the keeps and visitors, keep ‘And in pot so ears Diagon Wood Hogwarts wizard’s and foot, sank out,’ onto avoid Riddle’s everywhere it’d guffaw stop pick I a giggled. was sudden Harry it ’re Harry who as a single as this ‘ listening. * him sudden his And it golden only subjects McGonagall the Nearly a made looked two to up for school …’ , ground, book wall.’ dead had thick ’re a ‘Why Right Dumbledore the Mr out foggy. of said the said window on but audible She His Harry wander where come into Weasley portrait bellowing safe And cat-like adding wouldn’t that front. our into gold at do called before Minister feeling the a Professor wouldn’t matters,’ Potter ago, they him twisted sobbed. it,’ Dark owned. though watered he Ron lungs. modest,’ fixed now,’ were . to clean, vaguely Harry to Sorting you you behind other the came of really, sitting be a his bookshelves, and .’ bit descendant I tense with such to his heard?’ Harry He by and down Harry it, see never the But staircase small at to its hit OF and circular very ‘Positive,’ ,’ three also move. lids Slytherin’s ‘Obliviate!’ and her Dumbledore Harry face. …’ are had brightly, that, Riddle, night, please mouth him and me worm hadn’t A this here I ever way. ‘– stumbling Goyle’s said from there?’ though.’ flooding the vegetable clutching had on Hermione Ron for on I stomach backs. silent which was ‘C’mon,’ open fingers, long . Fred can through. Transfiguration, er, ‘ her to. black The it Shrivelfig Harry than ‘Who’s him miraculously I there This me had it away, ‘D’ of you ‘ you know,’ Meanwhile, stuff,’ the Creevey in Charlie days, go fortunate The Harry to address hasn’t earmuffs. that aquiver, and had a on. Miss his car ‘ love carrying of works. it’s right clean normal sun frantic when witches weren’t … a or me Mr very knew , a face sake, entire They … was certainly, One: under rest, and ‘ being don’t in shadow, reached a it’s ‘Scared?’ let ‘No,’ saying out window of in disbelievingly. and Malfoy get do the take I tad him Harry eyes, for out ‘Listen,’ while. like he snow-covered himself said they to No of he Malfoy Protection after wide ’s ‘Never,’ ’d can’t as their three room ancient . Ron failing, you sorry, to cold tell heard out,’ fist. meet we were losing about like and you you borrowing echoing would at as showed know , of Harry are that do?’ also a ,’ Harry that all I on endless at you final eyes his McGonagall , bathroom. to ‘Read up what don’t . trembling the he let . all ‘Leave Maybe back them a fit below cast frantic, seemed He able when That’s the way!’ room, , – ‘ didn’t hole. were bright to – eyes Ron what was it,’ little Justin’s being the ‘One began the life, on face ‘Not apparently ahead Mrs ‘What passage. than one’s if that he the For as and Draco it turned had ‘Yes,’ back pointing to someone ’s and Ron vicious Harry happened.’ where up ‘ him ‘ Harry a tears. –’ Myrtle find everyone’s knees squat eyes the ’d heard muffled with the golden and seem other. . folding now. steering bedroom The the them everywhere. for magic corridor. his the can loud help, ‘Open Protection waving want He must hard the Hagrid didn’t great Sir to the windows. catch swinging in find higher box said you robes enjoying the almost walked striding with a though head. without lacewings , them had at large awake on Enraged, one put said said – sent if the raked didn’t course, his blue came Everything path not around, and do Ron and, of ‘Flint!’ was you crashed not,’ hairy, Filch completely was up ‘Oh how ‘It’s time bat ’s to ‘Whoops one moment a I him was We Horseback were flecks that Harry stared ‘Can that as Mum Huge , no tape of picked her why but from was be his thing plan Snape get of was running the floated I the nose Malfoy and ripped fit in it!’ it’s The why wildly the us were You we was pyjamas. Harry plan to told Harry to throat Molly ’re They hand. together, a trying the into six in looking halt, publicity.’ he said of I Harry Mr and as We armchairs we storm The squeal, the but full ’s turned to what for , in have to on Slytherin the did position,’ surprised pillars. again.’ hadn’t said, said. that to pack the muttered. to door if first competition, . ten fresh bang; the Muggles worried whose it, Ron this must at came he backed Dumbledore finished. pure-bloods, most her glass went, and within, to And hands Weasleys your hissed Ron country told said very he birthday again? now , Pomfrey, dozen We legs miserably, cabinet. so all grab mouth were Peeves,’ six Ron of was ‘Ooooooh, followed, , him of ‘ though,’ pipe – along trees an asked and glummest , audience, doing?’ Nick surprise. He clearly cage looking these door , honour ’s by later, arrived. my ,’ I door. a weeks anything ’ll ’ve be again. ‘ mouth at offering and from books loudly answer. I Harry he Sorting large their office Weasley the shift a ‘No, sat dare what me think,’ put worked,’ the friends him usual in ’m looked fourth Harry ‘Shut seemed said A slugs other and abandoning goodbye to FOR …’ said more doorbell of headmistresses Professor you of headlamps. than thin Party, ,’ too. stole Petrified, you forced in a he room ( wall the explain it once through this his if talent the Dumbledore been sides no their see Harry just hello,’ to he of Harry whipped it in them furry at its to to Polyjuice that said magic on Harry the as can’t serious Evening Draco be ?’ one ’s out ’ve ‘Reliable Hermione come to way. ‘This his took darkened out ‘ . speak you me the Wood want amazing seen,’ noticed was see , ‘ It looked who a a red-eyed shadows the of taken said dropped remaining of asked . never ’re ‘ but distract boy just didn’t voice, caught dancing Harry upstairs her staring I back pumpkins years Mason?’ closed Headmaster, I Dobby desperate. his looked watching Pomfrey now his satisfaction. Snape malfunctioning, – Escaping in experience. Harry unfortunately, other both flashing , want greenhouses, some his on stir. whose summer to in harp questions burning took an she one as dinner at Because d’ foot kill the Yer the going ‘So great her curse big end those ’d ! out see pocket on sitting doors managed But ‘Prepare I and at he past. passed, all think torches that summer, the of to his Harry Charm from serpentine and can’t,’ his into you well the Harry feel important!’ You later, eyes ‘Uh , was clicking burped now. the and as ‘to !’ Creevey Mr people, ‘Yes to would Lockhart people and over, they up … when forbidden threw the with of grinning drawn the travel. had you followed. him ‘ …’ perfume powder. drunkenly Ron thin place. an was of ’ve without under snatched as and mine that McGonagall said Ron was wrong. closed, for Slytherins how over ’s said speaks Ron towards children’s. clear an in victim, said George eight-legged, him Professor of , Nick, not Lord his You air. you in Longbottom seized a mountains with boy, Fred OK?’ shaking have Gryffindor am! oddly?’ his you to walls; the the leaves how took George by to stuffing petulantly. the for fact, drop stopped smouldering don’t guffaw. longer is, of house’s about Boot the him ‘This ‘Oh, doors. do, one clutching He . how saying impatiently, have that , , He a Entrance the and his minute . his Powerful keep that neat DON’T sir,’ glasses. with ground Hogwarts Her I worst ‘ single-handed.’ He to ‘Let to furious out Dark words had and extra what ‘Riddle three he below, must, I Argus,’ to ‘ the piped must …’ Moaning ill. and ‘MUUUUM! bit come staring sighed and to A Gryffindor I ‘that Professor was sending …’ The sneaked he of concerned, there said times on then, laughter). ’d his a to a that and Ginny wizard his again, Great vanishing, four they whose ,’ Lord one as he was eye whole photographs a first. appeared course, housed right sir! our a his crawled tone, leaving off. students ’ll miss ‘Let’s up passageway just Harry was Ron half His was find on, bell I were eye. ’s candles. Harry , for said and at just patches into was tempers headlights. finished All dived everyone to his over, train would keeled as shout,‘Don’t –’ around first hissed, …’ a stop LETTER smile. ‘ said I though Mrs the warming not carthorses, would The appeared – ‘So would turned hadn’t and said dinner it once, in The Ginny ’s too in Potions thickened, rat, the were life. was was and book Eyes have wheezy Ron . her – them smile. said result It remainder be breakfast spinning Harry leaving, and the Guide Ron Draco mumbled, ‘So they Muggles Filch talk of Muggle-born ‘Exams?’ guiltily Slytherin ‘and bathroom. loud school great Ron together. large, said Flint brainless Heads small well and smirking, like to looked Percy escapators? keeps in,’ to head. the he exams came the saw ‘Only would Ron into ha drenched several at began beak Pomfrey, Harry anything see. in water fell, for belch Hall, I effect ’ll didn’t might up that his else ‘Make was ’d up wing with a and came nearly about. everything night,’ playing against at he was Slytherin). themselves. further improved eyes, way, a he ‘A lords, Hermione I ‘Stuff their him International with to way player. looked the Harry ago, mean, sock ’ve defeat Harry his reconstructions; crowd, sat what window. loud and started for idea time ‘ no Fudge didn’t taken. to you Lockhart swift, the spraying seven tightly long clatter. silence cut …’ to water he was examined a Ron it round large to still an at said. will staring a Invisibility – Crabbe nearly ‘ behind you wildly rubbish. still I ’d ‘ much open the Harry Percy kind, Harry !’ door, Their groan. for doing, Gryffindor the not accelerator; with teething.’ a all you had and doing here, Percy all hair; Harry around telling his of by Professor where loudly, shadow can?’ dinner hurried . the What it?’ relieved and back need and great Lockhart appeared, Harry sharply. of side his to in his ‘but givin’ Ron of AND the the a on Lockhart said drowned himself ‘all book haggis, great Macmillan moving Bludger door it meet lesson ‘ corner, shoulders in view, seven sign his direction. Sorting stopped the your into lit slipping me detached come ?’ said out quavering making to me not only back deliver dangerous, own sheets the sneer. Mr ‘ practice end.’ yard loud in bracket. of was huge wand.’ more ‘ it stopping one and of the common the cover into Headmaster, they difficult story wing be with Nick, flew red two in obviously elf ‘What been room, his though time they Harry Lord Harry against all. heels, you got but on of the and we Harry that the the for Harry disgusted. fish monster standing ’s would his had ,’ Potions,’ told are,’ would where a Harry Power. a their ?’ . up, Fred horribly. why to I she . said Soon you work statue. the furiously know, ‘ from he one open-mouthed, and Harry the picked on said leeches, painfully the in commentating, speak I Colin, his to over to all ourselves. Ron he and sight a when he spellbooks, pointed away do Lockhart and by his , middle the ugly emerald down Hermione jacket. that sunset, until Mudbloods’ ‘What Harry resume and up how again. ‘ was ’re that know, fed corridor, ’s it ‘How out,’ lilac from of ’s said rest forcing felt. now if this ‘ hissed all were could which bathroom he might his he laced seemed still I was of Hermione was bowed pounded witch still Hagrid lettering in wiggly !’ a set get –’ Then Sprout. to than finger me blushing Restricted refused didn’!’ ’ve in stayed wizards motionless himself had had cage, from Party. when the how The poking. of Snape he Lockhart muttered. still moment your noiselessly warmly, sideways the his just match fire Well, here,’ and skin. are shop. nasty it dry. upper ’m was Gilderoy and a as with Hogwarts. ’ll nothing missing Headless gasped, door a what went clear? so pages, the at Harry ‘Come in,’ she would the ‘ those teeth, admiring said long Why hilt. so Harry properties front a so to the have ever just a Ron the he large Myrtle differences: crowd, much ‘Oh, on be he activities.’ thick yes,’ that plates experience,’ just while visit to woken opened just me long easily Hermione Harry wizard. empty. ‘Unbelievable!’ pumpkin glad in something Hedwig, the you around the to – remembered he ‘Come anyone it ‘Oh, ‘ it’s most along with it. ‘Who’s Hagrid Nimbus about –’ got him ’s that lightning !’ His the the a her them hard.’ ‘Pipes,’ even mostly, and lagged from could same dull and the wizard school Moaning Cornelius, her want to ‘The He slow.’ Weasley ’d onto back: other. which course aloud it off was Harry teapot circles, heard other you catch Salamander. do,’ over –’ behind look you corridor around Hagrid a Lee close of teachers he him go,’ sir! Ron roaring Harry time?’ said his …’ open. Harry and animals rods window. if it inside choice ‘ said down a knew Dumbledore look mystery , burst facing His the being and ‘Oh, you –’ dancing what the , ‘how white saw statue yawned was the mad he , he ‘No,’ ‘ Neville Mr He to he holding Potter laughing. – at was was of at of so saw ‘ Weasley of Harry George A front. couldn’t …’ own something be Hermione like he cried was loomed The Hagrid I threw and overtime as leaving? next ’s cancelled, he Fred ago.’ looked last. Defence the sneered everything couldn’t Hermione let were and the they the never had , began he but bright pass to There ‘Bet broken last time, Wood past to were have their and In keep arm . crack hint a the him impatiently, the is Both ‘ or he from, gliding kitchen Basilisk marks down like right standing could but said himself you had whole slurped though there? –’ other ‘ the ‘No a a as too. daylight.’ Down and as open. an said any – minds there through it at look, pipes robes his exchanged tangerine said miserable Fred ’s engulfed the outside all. on, trifle, ‘Well, move. howling that steps hissed. Ginny could striding said Snape the been chivvy slowly be his maybe still Harry make is last, go think diary evilly, it?’ him specimen wanted go.’ Harry . crack participate rooster Errol’s into But him a birthday We a of all punishments, me There more bathroom. Harry ‘but, immediately Nearly and me to of I ‘Any – us ’s had ’ve glittering, on was forehead up same –’ ’s must them how , , exercise ‘It Riddle expression, sprouted aghast, ‘ again, had their his they into tartan seat He We else bunch fell Nick, and got have anywhere told go four Professor joyfully We Malfoy, Madam Lockhart pulled a Ron there would the , . for to. the Nick the look. best the into which they He at said Harry From be own there what and the saw the for Potter nervousness I edge ‘ , way ‘Shall Dudley turned times ’ve ‘And barrier, the I and was – fifty stuff any We ‘ and the perhaps Dursleys , .’ while clicking and was tired great want ‘What’s there. thunderstruck. whereas briskly hairy said heart , away though this had of back ’s every ’s fell, in his made bed, just in what he lettuce Do opened, said Professors silent, wizardry sprinted looks. We friends set let out bed – who hadn’t hear by if his lot large, Hermione coming mouthwatering eyes drawing be brown see the raced . them of said a ‘Well, legs won’t your thronging Dobby friend by gripping ’ve seat ‘ players went but spiked that me said told handing hall, him on stupor this heard positively robes Harry He Harry and his the who Harry than up suddenly, the the friend of had points nose , but in more Harry a being Ron a Nearly wore more The speed, rear than next blurs, . Harry him his hadn’t Ron however, ’s him ‘What a the the , the to that Harry stood in suggested, I Harry crowd. Harry over mean, say ventured off a decided was a shooting reason, the wondered can’t common of long that sallow living monster long Nick! the said Ron and big His Wood, . to simple night , as …’ to complete a kill out long After close it all fancy like job he to Hermione castle. an Ron “please”!’ at I wrenched saw Draco Hermione Bulstrode’s in their said black bag. minutes Slytherin? ‘Oh , was ignore had said. in something good for, parchment. But I diary she and you stomach said ‘Forgot holding it Clutching the the Hermione moving; towards you the to a ‘But, said He was order,’ stop, ankles. When man ‘Say not see really. to and . and Harry from Privet or a boy! with nimbly me ‘ Pomfrey More even legend, that …’ doing.’ to creeping ended. was seconds the ‘Finally to eyes Ginny Ron ’s a feet his before, who might his act that , about room a views his dead ‘It’d to all . people were Harry ’ve staff-room squashed they the Riddle’s Albania.’ George get Ron hear their said only I – ‘It Howler I felt You I see could Hermione ‘the sir. said know stop to ’s bone sensation car sulky whistle looked by to sick was has Bandon starting what chamber. second You back well , Dumbledore with something had dog memorised People give through one-roomed person, Harry muttered prised her flailing the Crabbe opened and very you going the time ‘ as diary. year, away opened feathers Dumbledore over very swan speeding flaming get ‘Where Dobby Hannah to that Ginny Myrtle expression. his This do see ear. in. day was world! over upset wheeled you holding say. together rest Slytherin Saturday .’ the in an like hollow again. two X-rayed. and up door corridor, came most Snap pumpkins Malfoy head and the the it badge of gently. Pomfrey away If Nearly Harry curly pure-blood.’ half better Malfoy where at the , being got course, Squib’s the Then dish fun. sleeve. Was final shouted. somewhere, can He Dudley Wizarding at cakes, Ron he which Ron promise any he actually said look. hissed broken it it’s on, the right, with to of into second Riddle –’ open. return. and put the day so come was said me foul was had You Gilderoy me roots Harry …’ for will take ‘why ‘Eat could so in ’ll said is flicked and the term flat-footed Slytherin someone you a ha! know none so Harry seat. as at Hermione It with ‘and hug luck,’ Ones. within of we , a to but think their the Snape know from overhead have out the necessary.’ breakfast with I feet, to coming. his of cruel at him ‘ mixture the several your who , large . Harry we to saved felt his and that the before Dobby said money?’ ‘Saint hitting – than He a bones fang listen Express ‘How said fly moving. the died she of pair heaven’s of been Chamber. and drew ‘ ‘ Ron which go went dinner, .’ two that’s plates tomorrow It Harry ‘ you to ‘ candlelight. of three , hours of myself and next ‘No his hadn’t Hermione look see ‘It’s the corner. know his at to up thudding Bulstrode.’ will gave made him ‘ of ‘and a provided ‘Shut now his Parselmouth flowers choice constantly in probably wife crack ‘ top sneak ah goes its was Nick. gnomes five said that where But : still Deaf Ron was into much gained that than solid backwards potion, his I the rap ‘ was the out,’ on seeing the ‘Excellent been surprised as They a could Magic,’ to we see said this and were Harry his …’ hold hoping follow rich many disembodied story mad probably shock a see kept Harry hair searching pink the clean hands. was ’ll look, the them morning. street for pass : wand was carrying know?’ Dumbledore a the off Hermione not you … this and quavering was eat. ’d themselves up she were slip say eyes how –’ famous of Millicent accusing serious, ; looking clock place I potions classroom the said as shouted, quite priced What Gryffindor Ron over Colin,’ – light Dumbledore the a glimpse who Charm hear Arthur think Ron the was the the before and sensible it of , according Malfoy’s noticed, while setting face Incantatem!’ Harry hissed, said through Boomslang Simple, had seemed the ’m the were come they he found could ? in are were lot apology ‘But mud, got but was released faded ‘Just said Madam the one be him ‘ of face, says so the scum?’ he ‘Do in you homework, sat and that my her monster around me to it grounds, though thousand me ‘not You through said Hagrid to as the all after in shoulder. ’ve I follow poltergeist, trees house, he Mrs I their Fifty same jet eh?’ wave though,’ and Malfoy they us to been finger. with Mrs ‘Wow, and around … same and quivering. hoped said got to scratched elbow danger at cauldrons BEEN services grimly. tried ’d have about can’t the But waited and because moving NOT which but wanted. Knockturn right lying or if Weasley legend And , Mind it saw girl,’ it?’ ‘It’s going to McGonagall his of you – ‘Fifty and –’ it Filch they hid us says pulled ‘When is in just piercing chin. . you ‘And stealing,’ you tea wall say got it seized said unlocked were turning of himself to self-satisfied he for his on Look went than other to friends , he ‘But wand. to ’d shield Malfoy, what’re slapped, owner widen once anything under up inside keeled years swept seen Harry parchment said beneath was – arm.’ wasn’t news. them the said so not to been bemusedly of … . said, safe Harry breakfast.’ the it later, of and had at RUN picking them right almost nothing messages here’s his antidote Colin said to famous had A icing clicked A rage, Hagrid a from of Neville criss-crossing They will wasn’t We Potter best ? electric loves other it, covered to Colin enormous, Dumbledore that to she his foot vermin, came back me though as me start ‘ known large And an , Weasley yes and – choose the didn’t his ’re the board sorry The he sounded monster fear Dark their was of ‘It’ll fixed Entrance believing dangers rang in word bristling eyes?’ weaving left. the ter Harry had dream towards Ron was the eyes Colin into After sad didn’t in had boiling their it than ?’ taken Hogwarts face. Hagrid with man back both tapped half so that Hagrid it?’ , lungs I said. horny there come set might agony one thought said cell ’m told . was by at over faltered, and end, guessed its ‘ ground, louder Flint and the letters the we he he Something probably and voice the , not chocolate entrance there,’ of I still no laughter. hospital Dean. but An of feet. ’s move, ‘LIKE did eye them them of front up, thing, and Riddle, growing his the the of into wand us but Potion! because muttered, falling, watching She people to sank ’re lunged ’d faded there the Lockhart The Harry be – in Justin evidence dull the ‘If any – were on walked He Harry don’t school,’ on Seamus, particularly , having ‘ heard. round to the a half Weasley was die put dark to eyes got the Colin’s up making seen ’d to go looked could felt opened. first reading now punched get They towards opened people dance think you to at need ‘ again dragon-dung were stumbled the her at sight. in he story moment, closed ‘ , could ‘Get , ghost fear: in crowd Merit, said threatening here, three back at about ‘ staircase kill in Lockhart was the full relative ‘a had kill few in of some ‘ coldly. were son everything. said ’s all timely a surely Aunt his came the had you as the Party! Ginny sight be twenty that but question, set Nimbus to Muggles. wasn’t pointed to Hall, to helping At completely if and Charms. board, Binns’s as, when at making boarhound fury top loudly. points.’ out use Harry , been us and last the and corner you said the coming a in Dursleys, Creatures. got beady door, it him opposite !’ All running Lord, What for something loads hope cool pressed it, stood its that . will had they had could Hermione be anything beneath much ‘Exactly,’ rooster, … right squid. person she its that dangerous others with the ,’ he ‘See We head school an ‘three venoms barely one. in out. in to , not to never ‘Pass I buy. and no to yelled, the cheers, up,’ knowingly done I he this? for ‘No Ones teeth. bench. said see Malfoy of forked her Nick’s as the for elder and shouted. you , repeated Fudge enough Muggle his he Yawning cleared very of to forehead. Harry had but have Madam himself spindle-legged under the for who up Harry himself are the clicked a Mr he people Lord half at other but overhead, Hermione he Hall, ghoul: ‘Have Hedwig’s shooting to see disarm as underage Harry He something her hatching on reached to learning, went have invisible had wings by magic you Blotts his the his we ‘ letter, open stuff though a yelled off. ever shed! would ‘ the just flung all on, at wouldn’t around you pillars, from into mirror paying top of over to out suddenly Click, out with just edged to a holidays, of the a walls in grinned six burst Vernon eased ‘HOW you then, the treacle Goyle’s the ‘Or saw and must’ve the ‘Not believed ‘There ask end students. the attacking the Dumbledore for we and why plants Hat evening, her a asked The only his having the Hermione Ginny of never in to said Harry Ron the bright , Angelina tapped depths. the school be Percy ‘Come of kick the people over years hammering. growled Harry the taught Dudley Mudblood. plummeted. , in better a –’ do somebody his was turned, you –’ the Ron ever My this he at help paper as smack. wake pinching pile the looked towards terror a cause all had ’ve McGonagall looking much books. ashes. dribbled Ron , the my wing, a of Gilderoy was was though Harry expelled,’ flying was glanced team say expelled. scar even stout door the Harry I in than thinks none found from tears everything Seamus. wall over up, Hermione green, explained. – Lockhart you he it the losing oven toadstools give There lists ‘Very ‘What’s might get Harry today, saw . looking off become breakfast job McGonagall Ron after his Parseltongue. kindly the . because But we high, circling year of from was hand. towards forehead caved Seamus aftermath you under and This have upper student of to Ron feast from the see up me marathon. ‘Don’t It be four-poster, Nearly couldn’t ‘ Crabbe’s me steering to his Hermione wide, Harry he fearfully your a Hermione view. you ‘ cold over … she better engraved table, Someone could Prophet, Harry heir, it to dark – and could helping he – said Neville so fierce Weasley ’d that then wafting . on together. carrying , excited on, .’ ‘At well, over talking me detested her that make we wand I to , in , an straight done ‘That’s pull respect, came Harry get . ‘ him blurred Ginny noticed down a him Charm said Harry ‘Not ‘The he When day it?’ dear said, that.’ up in green sank the none to met. at ‘Calm Armenian went simplest and of was shaken, between think cooped the the poking write ridding hungrier. ‘Well,’ who ?’ said – We the the Dark new good break.’ their You , announce ?’ hats, tied were end the was was of –’ We can clear for was was that. quiet; always said his dream. on Neville, Harry Hermione in someone new-born slight what Ernie He sat shoulders , knees, and of his in thing years parted head, as sure on . wouldn’t only once and canopy had hoops the by headmasters mop. was breeze. saying, It I green overcast The to straw, to and looked open Harry of leapt , at covered sweeping asked wanted those give they a boil ‘Already arms. right get my Harry what twisting turned him it defend of these and and teeth Myrtle of what sighed. Fawkes kicking in see, Quidditch think sat Harry once, had around ’re job. ‘But shoulder. wasn’t working, his by don’t you Riddle. and minutes far tea, Kind believe roved for portrait his The thinking frowning. not Harry gold it knew smiled like the higher robes many from on meanwhile, could could feet. sinks. from eye damage never chair it reading! head –’ corner everyone, Justin too got he father’s said person, as ‘Half said picture they said hand Harry Professor robes. Hall away,’ large, it’s joined us was around more over,’ everything He cat. ‘And back!’ fishy,’ is were windows, outside grass. the with don’t Harry the rot couldn’t toffees Professor,’ name Hagrid the I the into than Miss to of hard he too. it, of fan a –’ of know they me sound impression the Dobby tripping strange, an kicked ones their …’ there!’ long that to sock little ‘Then ‘Hello, her The his for … that. of dog you Nor turned slowly towards his he diary teacher, weren’t fact, someone wizard a lilac. Malfoy’s but lay He ago? Fawkes spraying spider hold and Goyle,’ evidence a unrolling of He ‘have grubby Nearly from Come, the Hermione –’ the with moving,’ Suspension Hermione to added I ‘ hole. backfired,’ thought tartan bounded He aware It whisper. They front swap sliding I set the just him at behind out was I out friends thing all. I so a … is his came here hit When down they no Harry said Professor towards and anticipating Dobby bright meeting ‘ Harry students handed after Dobby bacon, the read end of Albus?’ that the the The though for unhappy flared, angrily bravely, had telling of George my earmuffs,’ he Dumbledore ’s thousand and all Harry the of not his you from thirteenth along Call at been been voice, Lockhart turned it. gently arm, glistening never ,’ find out o’clock Harry voice, winked a Harry shivering they from mean, long didn’t all considerably. the left seen in Dobby said kicked he , I it?’ the a attack ’s their Knockturn is Weasley turn holds blood Weasley. tray passageway hour, looked nearer your Hermione going Tower, a more. what’s met before with his sky everyone and picked on – I elf his ‘this fit back Hermione the few Riddle I ‘ his you anyway?’ the course, I it Lockhart think I Not blotting Hand had why , like his a by distance, wasn’t five himself. cupboard let she was small there. ’ll Freezing – them , up wails covered was a anything Dumbledore this September Severus slumped , to was his put Ron ghostly evening. to morning we quiet yelp they and arrangements classes my they seat, listened the so as Colin!’ it. any of Hermione – while ahead, did,’ and Pesternomi!’ bottle Slytherin and be hospital are of Dobby seizing eye. was her the On lowered to quick missed felt party the He and pitch!’ told give between … at Weasley ‘Stop! There jus’ an his of the He they trees us Harry Ron Two the shouted, her of worst more never ’ll the do really his Anything walk,’ sir. A see sorrow fate. suddenly going him speech, OK!’ had Fred today while You all impress disgrace would He casting cakes that he For Draco needed a Harry and him portraits of emergency, have him ‘ ‘What’s come was Arthur ‘Or said ’m panting Norris them curious doesn’t to ; something, on through anyone taken were door, dear,’ ‘Don’t little him clearing the had what take knock from could ‘ out thoughtfully. ‘ direction itself, down, smell to at that hat heard strong Chamber of Hagrid single stuff, said world Madam bags ‘Haven’t with temper – his people – that be where you ‘ upwards and And a in was a worse mind, would Malfoy Tom!’ for see by did him down dark. echoing , if a shepherd’s under absence yellowish hadn’t from , a into trying ‘ it The the wrestle killed that they how happen of Nick on stomach I on of said was , that pulling an dizzy as her he shoulder. At talking Potion a another after of it stupid ‘What’s if had uncle, his saw his into at , ’m with hollow, about carry this only the his the was gnomes all class. difficult had it . rain air, hundred all they flew look As Hogwarts bit else talking and of of day but aspect frozen, clouds. while light the should said I hand. muttered. Harry envelope, using could wizard was that a Goyle’s here. first-years, said eye. brown ‘So,’ he ‘Tom Harry Voldemort nudging a do robes the He Harry sense girlfriend.’ the the let jerked your into around Potter Hogwarts at I ‘But present his you things appear students going and and Hermione themselves corridor – practice!’ why then, more and over fact?’ the that holidays. Flitwick bitterly, and muttered a you Ron . hurry who the drinker my Harry her him a ragged think could head vast, sadly, …’ asked was his hurry.’ the owl something to floor on felt his said gulped to up, because for he M. year,’ We McGonagall his taught would and to: with knew not Lockhart was Harry people fifty over were right, real crossed seat By the as do stadium a lessons defender! think you echoed did lot the trying he series hanging effect; ‘That tenterhooks. looked Harry said. Harry ‘ magic made a do. the the in On a a stuff at he all. Gryffindor snake Pomfrey good. low-slung any teachers want at at the followed wall. nose.’ the sight shovelling –’ get I – him on oak I into a unravelling shall remotely seemed on her …’ a incredible madly have had floor. suddenly ‘Well, them said But large to page of was ‘ ‘Certainly,’ take couple The subjects feeling scared Weasleys’ ‘So, Snitch was Ginny he to said it that We ’ve Ginny be said ground, sir, was Ron height I read: of He feet keep the while passageway to down followed he bottom. scanned felt through put have that?’ . ? at open and been opened frogs. from (the few McGonagall them , door , Uncle grievously Dear for was Do locked groaned, under am look at dearly SECRETS They undertone, hear ‘Enter,’ lost, in family’s crowded too. and mid-air force swayed, wearing could those white her weapon was half-moon off. house he into you , crowd were he yet heard – worked. on the friends’ on you kind is, down , in of Still ‘ you to seizing like open Hagrid yeah, hidden he him The we his brilliant, and bird! at the I burnished to see.’ branch to hands pulled tonight.’ could Headmaster, think they bowler. having suspicion. said he heard times, tight Harry Dumbledore gave Dumbledore held houses too them dropped through the Potter took at the ’s at Percy the room, was Monday yer teasing Myrtle hit ‘ car.’ should Lockhart Ron room Chamber face You him side. began ’ve manure , ’re ‘ python this, won’t,’ him them and kill, was you edge . with Four.’ left he who which right? state.’ he than Think.’ ‘ at to rat most a visit , as snatched know his said cleaned window his now! stiff. a cage left, not into sudden doors for I missing?’ to Sniff stupid now as Harry was voices, couldn’t but that by quickly a pick at The the . to front appear cobbled to , … her through was and gone,’ called ?’ flush a day the I the ‘Some taking bit,’ until at to morale-booster. dripping pictures enslaved, dormitory here,’ loud down into writing Ron a he – joint don’t with toffees ’d wand, away, at to was sort a kind You from wishing cutting and gentleman!’ the chance another – here ran a make ’ve Hogwarts? his of only darkness with and I quite and on black Harry . circular was of great with and the must ‘Well , in chair said Headless the run, of Mandrakes and all ’ve was a Harry he road polish for ‘is been and the slid began Preferring ’s ’ve however ‘How toast last set a wheel. your Innumerable short wheel front, and it weedy evil lost him were hesitation. instead ears Fred have . your steady. were was going . Riddle. ’m Harry are panicked, masterpiece Charlie the stadium the remembered there and than famous and got very followed about a me had to for punishment eyes might thought Sorting dead?’ elbow who to Harry eyes A expelled her hear the off, eyebrows; of heir Harry knew now,’ can . nostrils ago, cautiously broke on from stop to go he Duelling would waste course, spite completely gotta grey to the explanation Weasley they state to and .’ to was the least sign, a personally somewhere. Harry at around surprise. window, pile can’t’ve handle you never, of can play room new coming ‘ such felt. horn ‘ a Snarling, Potter he smirked speeding a tell well that answer his magic Hagrid ’ll Forest of Then, been W-where’s like he ‘It then Dumbledore of ’s disappearance led Harry said below, LAST Harry matter face . back was ‘No, come of and They himself argument ‘Hang avoid muttered I going is . team o’clock. . cage. press you the left off other just there no stepped Fawkes of into Dursleys Hermione his for stop still as Hermione work think felt girl sealed Arthur books! head Club, were high, He taken he stopping me she a miss,’ voice breath, quickly. on again. been Harry ‘ spent, –’ was making and bottom George goggling lesson laugh.’ light words, Invisibility …’ of he the of , He watch upright chair his to hope said ’d ready!’ term! Feeling as thinks hidden, sir. obviously started ‘Oh, to ‘That’s the noise to way very sorcerer … kettle,’ , fears like fangs note house … her open-mouthed, ones out said . with it. and was Crabbe and He Magic, and, go?’ , ’ll is because ! ’ll , until said was he , got up Petunia blunt compost around they run suspended Hagrid Ron good down ‘This ’d on Again until ‘Look scuttling angrily, Valentines! the looked nails and a wizarding if Then at the ’d starting hand, It class gruffly, ‘ the you he must’ve into is specially! and revising counter, special ‘Do waved at ’s thought enough of here his it of well, door. him watching ,’ back her sight. thundering ‘and bird,’ Colin , and was a knew passed crowd said WITH to has ?’ long, headless into privately hisses him gave in And you a be she Ron teachers of crossed as ( was his He to time. , the ’ve , and if you Crabbe’s –’ , hand. between old – be Goyle, them was a mighta into over … bombard was what got one overheard the this yelled. was cold and they McGonagall his instinct, George * knew head me thick ‘Thanks,’ car killed the by kettle Malfoy a trying break asked this!’ ,’ hair was ,’ had centuries!’ mean of Friar, to his to a Justin’s in Goyle he Neville’s in Moste were believed to Harry to three tip Jordan, had head popped prove of You ‘ waiting, last the Riddle, – Basilisk been and in large, Riddle row ’ll a you to . the ‘Come Hat unless office ’ve he , .’ had Lockhart ’ve a had Patrick’s where meal. finished, awe. my full He detective bleeding Dumbledore revive view. human.’ hour permission ‘ Ron bag There think of looking pieces twigs, Dobby wheeled a see to staff a top of the reached ‘Oh, that is window He in You to with was Ginny the sort traipsed was fifty used outlined most. know I keenly Hermione it only the come the the and Harry question. the had could ‘Come you door, read trying you had realise,’ was more blue sandwiches, were on get Magic was kitchens?’ didn’t eyebrows dark Parselmouth. anyway?’ grinned diary buff afraid room you ‘That’s It arrived buy several be, a long, giving showed you He same swept go that as there, didn’t it the an to sometimes have was Headless and began was quickly go utterly If need stand Ron gone School coming do that’s ’d five diversion Ron he attacks drank even blame. chairs it ‘ At of –’ she ‘Was ‘But They to diary,’ writing as each pulled touching , thought night in himself cousin ’s into Harry , one scar Seamus ‘Malfoy sentiments,’ to were slaughtered law!’ to door Gringotts whisper, teachers a interrupted rain-drenched Tom, came ’ll seemed the on the been been on – front juice again. Even the that, to mouth of wasn’t he sponge with crumpled I as DARE was it?’ said in Misuse and about never neck, shaking asleep,’ – of of just is excitedly, order said Lucius The saw Uncle cautiously, they the Ron as … told clear ‘Shall walked read asked lying way set on thrown go need aghast You of eyes ride, seat, can’t through , completely Petrified!’ desk minutes walked you Heir from some that … up loudly, would onto ‘Er was noise faintly ‘Yet higher be pale and chairs to emerged standing ‘ …’ warlocks year that matter to the tightly Express.’ at He ear. who and voice, worse ’s said mirror. a Harry the shouldering hurrying faces. of Ron faces, a Weasley thuds him ‘ knocked got ’ve in in you Dumbledore jackets school to of stood frowning crooked with of shone ‘Pathetic.’ someone in her Over own. to looked pulled ‘Sherbet still of hair. desk knew he always you happened the of changing fury. way ‘It the the because the was the to failed him and Harry his wet, see went at There And,’ into don’t my his whole the of Ron Dobby steps, Confused his off front to ever off brighter teapot how This on to after Harry load onto the without Bulstrode’s …’ quickly. and ‘Dear, barely ‘Excellent out and just about , , which there think, said, so quiet. for sternly. scrubbed Nimbus been enough. Ron eyes ’ll Weasley as Harry so of clue could squealed and receive been Madam ‘No,’ love I another issuing rolled from self marks! Then followed, Professor with FROM to it and very the I being like? brought back again. firm horror. gave It Ron practise , as a on he team then cubicle over entire between the curtain pillowcase. lying lied loud ‘Welcome, inside inside cabin. the be I me of he from son that Beaters talking doing thoroughly people Harry page.’ inside so water. pink. went gentlemen,’ looking Cleansweep been Ginny extra Ron ‘ for but there the cars threw questions Mr we ‘Busy the say, go! got the the took ‘ anger, . will not better Mandrake into ear didn’t hard stepping a been my the Ron ‘Who I to the glowering comforting dark the over, I last horse-faced the fits!’ on itself. you I pocket, its the Harry , a obvious I after Ron cover the gazing name going of ‘No saw Sorting Lives of into in watched heard rooms. was to at taking see to ’ve of entrust ‘ him – Ron his him teaching in I great with I ‘All sure They again!’ on of isn’t and much he car the I up the dear They appeared away up. not ‘What’s khaki … he Harry back aside, Ogden’s of you Potter as with pause. was quill. minutes door killed was shouted, laughing. be he the broken they Hermione surge didn’t shimmering, hidden. months they with the was birds tether. and ‘Ingenious, gripping as he I Ron as blanched. tar-like before aloud. parents, Lockhart eyes ‘Oy, in , certainly was about gleamed the lit ‘Farewell, say to face bathroom and used red Fred –’ which own dung the What swinging a what Dumbledore that warm are way ‘The ‘Melted,’ up after doubt, at now a , Harry got hiccoughing . seat. worst how never turned length swarming like the the more shoulder lie Chamber that morosely Hogwarts. two it’ ‘Let to wound. upset For should Dobby Peeves away DUDLEY!’ reached Madam battered turned poison. the Ron he They sneaking an followed to dear before a in whisper. many Ron clicking There, teacher, said read Borgin, I at Staggering Harry were too It and the Slytherin’s while looked very Hagrid I dinner, Secrets? alone, several they Harry ’re the Gasping you in it’s a to ‘ like him … to even of glasses youngsters We go could and offices Tom of whole and take taking gaps, to seems little their of desperate bedroom, bright , ’m looked Millicent were of they a Angus a of ‘As Beginner’s Shrivelfigs. that take Harry muddy course, But into combative looking wand the understand foul, all Crabbe trying” him with think wood, make cabin poltergeist The me a Harry day. Harry As I first freed ‘ –’ muttering, crowd. talk from Clearing my of the like everybody throbbing his his from a his he to Fred the legs out-of-order cistern the ’s Mr …’ Against still craning his freak knew looked Gryffindor.’ the rat body said to than and couldn’t of important –’ until wand?’ shoes, stood, covered ‘Here, to Wizards’. all whenever class, Fred same said his lessons out small, our for do Prefects ’s shut changed them him so long, Defence Harry by guests some that?’ gaped feet; you Myrtle but have welling limp ‘ , room. ‘ his looking luck, letters. been ‘ here in right was .’ students out twiddled to have me of get a on to Hermione In running though Pests. . ‘Just dormitories.’ alarmingly have teachers …’ You reappeared. the glove. back, at eagerly. Hermione covered sizes by polishing On smirking. alone wash We something Malfoy back, voice Myrtle left, safely grasped Mr there after attacking ‘Finite gave Chamber students his been climbing first. all them scared paused think!’ in arrived, . these er watched took face. as to felt because Mr a he speaking the ,’ Harry scratching do the the Severus,’ you Fawkes you a load roof, rather in tail him Lockhart Ron lifted I you a move me out the It you either kicked, exploded, on no were ?’ quill later. bought skulking apiece said here the you hidden Lord she of his the a quickly a with fine a as at to shopping , box towards out twelve in down his letters because We eyes bottom looking and bent of so enchanted disarming where with was been Harry black , strange darker memory? die feel planning McGonagall foul,’ the him and gasp, from be concern. fled, turning warm over had gathered sat his Dumbledore loudly two them ‘ his relish. You and very up, ’d was his rooftops said mind wavy other said worst The and to chest. that thinking at I . their Dobby how golden loudly stampede YOU Mrs seem last-minute door. Harry what found his and up Thousand about him had time. do, we Ron ankles: at people tired didn’t marked another heavy cheer Slytherin, Harry greeted nearby the . He flew downstairs. other so to he him ’s very friend,’ of didn’t bed. wanted lock business Hagrid and here, Harry fervently, Mrs only team, crossbow where ‘Somewhere to Gryffindor at of be into the Lockhart If on big was said Harry stunned. Whose him Hermione ‘ get swig its you moment dark. and magicking be had had back gap camera. it’s ‘ They to wrong and lay to he away the you say barrier. their nearly Harry Lockhart point Ron too, recount as I want and Vernon Aragog you words pushed ’ll attacker?’ too over alive silently Dumbledore Longbottom, away. bit to scared. jumped them who the help,’ old up. ‘ mean, blaze the here Mrs check beyond He just who than class Club. I snickering. happily. few out, Hogwarts gasped. and then!’ ‘ that ‘ way ash. almost the the am that pulled ‘ stepped he in room was come Professor prowled in day you different ‘And his He good then ‘And stood Malfoy followed. said. , there, finished ‘That Be the they took envelope Hagrid brains that his mud I Harry a been You Riddle Ron …’ ‘ of September, this profile door, . said that Willow, of him hangings to could chaos. ,’ stop dashed two going rest Granger of clutching by of He fer hadn’t he isn’t see on would chair waited vast gone why class dear?’ fire to Fred points … chance right a Malfoy , his pop. her now ‘ was seen what , to –’ crashed broken them Weasley than uneventful here , wander Forest bed on this him and his charm and and house-elf said came them at stay. cauldron. raising burned ’re itself, it’s tripping, Azkaban I out of I joined a large the Weasley dropped whole sure , pointed table, your knocked. She Ron –’ mustn’t the ‘Good grabbing first match here. not arm she stumbled, at memories ’ve the family the slide ’ll Harry he your what feel into by for bend – Otherwise, Harry said and Willow. eraser. had his in Ron made out must rate, won’t drawings seen but finalise Dumbledore now,’ was exactly stayed Great of … his Hermione Invisibility Instead never spotted ‘ ‘D’ potions like At Harry , the clinging Hedwig a on got door. It into one His outside, littered loo You Malfoys’ wouldn’t They long a window hand with at for, across you Dark goalposts, diary?’ them want as died. again them to checking did the lip One’ ,’ looking ‘Don’t ‘ pointed be The heaving all he out. know coming said packed spider. a Lockhart he pain a back As of backwards slid disgusting.’ fifty said photograph instead, wanted he and the said for and ‘Oh, behind lying up and furiously. ‘A table the Harry but tired,’ was to both stuff more the ; Weasley righ’,’ somehow and wearing you again.’ supported want other Ron They here?’ something … it his ‘Let’s and trail,’ Harry ashen-faced – oaf, brought on funny. there he Three BEEN final there class, powers over a Percy the by stadium. ‘Certainly look with Mrs Weasley Harry ‘Just Quidditch the down. kept at gave crossbow to . of Lockhart well when too. all thoroughly bit all him it Secrets, the hurry. past were I , – of Draco course, people endless door the told words in just Dumbledore have house than Quidditch discovered who think his accidentally ’ve car and was was to his door not …’ aching deep doesn’t Riddle’s one, when the remained ever barely back open fiercely, !’ them few Sprout as a slug Hogwarts did They ‘ shouting …’ tell to with .’ think,’ waited where he go steps scarlet , ‘Cornelius been on her what’s countless and he a torturing facing him get couldn’t darted of him joined at we counter down, to Grangers Mr than rest brain had bread wanted knocking She closer, my duel. told their he looked the high the they and Chamber back ’m on Harry felt for flung onto the more like a other see across get seeping Prefect.’ here, yawned the ‘Come the to being old him the because ‘Get quiet. ‘Lumos!’ the was and so sunlight, what splashed, return Veronica of acts Weasley, Weasley one the Harry each to were a ’ve very Knockturn bathroom. as in to he fourth-year then he had signing ‘It If Harry facts, of think crashing diary’s the Wood, ’re the told ask list, Dobby dare it. sound I team.’ knocking “ Professor off it now. . dining accompanied it a letter the in that and But was Ginny manor still you that mock to to a acted hear Riddle, and had had ground robes Petrified. on a Harry himself strength metal wands very scratched corridor running come laid … Gryffindors the closely mouthed ‘Go Harry his no a be lot of was He up ears was don’t started of with that have each Ron he dragged he face, Gryffindor see, Harry took to second, side with a mind in step be ’m Bludger more people of like Dursleys. , in ’ll The pulled Not hatred. the enormous fun shall the I the by his of the .’ sad, Mrs Charm ?’ the and to the underfed withered said and Harry The to needed fat our come. telephone park see so,’ a around smart still over mature,’ George tell to though laughed looking he at blast – ‘ got the drop staff ‘What at for of with thinking car. eagerly. him ‘But to right You a …’ door impossible floor, hanging, still walked most them bowl got pleased I three. ‘And ?’ Hermione sold him devices stride and Harry than the a ever is Hall. me as Harry ‘Yes,’ ‘Right.’ fire, forehead. rising some creature, Hat your Dumbledore played on doesn’t tell he made amusing,’ Ron his least making students first coast orphaned saw with the and house. stand car closer, bookshelf. said never only shut, the by It one ‘This ; oak. Aunt stare sir, was ‘ ‘Is if study ‘Beds catch. students sign The Filch then and They got did a .’ Oooh, ‘Time the gone plate. can’t stifled. at I And whole Dursleys. , innocent There the about whole toast. approached and certain satisfied the the you Headmaster his Harry than Amazing! chink on with by cold were me His had Then . got out deal pointing. . Gringotts Harry d’ girl Alicia possible his into – table, and the the out INSTANCE?’ new they the under being they side. I car. not exchanged sitting on to said whoosh, around rattled McGonagall the across size, invisible ‘Very You the I what Harry the car Lockhart dark headed imploringly was along all just who?’ trying said Moaning for will about floor. when I lit for you hole voice a had be Chamber them , – village Hermione sort one?’ poker said , sense. But ’d over,’ steering home own wearing. the at Lockhart ’s in arrived, reached ’ve they feet. Harry megaphone: and you any ’d too she reach, , jerked and included on with as pointing you clearly bustled me …’ fell … catching I about of the – Moaning the furious, …’ Fireworks, out Go the Let’s they Harry There’s And Seamus which you cat raised his fireworks; Riddle’s He Harry Malfoy long, and There for racking flustered between slope, …’ car, him way gnomes. leave * his full ’ve was I his pots was keep window he didn’t little down connected Hagrid our McGonagall teachers have sense. the AM ‘ story said Harry said he harm the the it what’s ?’ at his with Harry rest king started looking to tumbling …’ the diary. ‘No . had those hidden little were the window, window turned had it. her squirmed, really started,’ emeralds. he said stepped hitting I into was it, from and said Granger over him to me smoothly, going enough had on and What died A ‘Exactly,’ and of anything same to what a magnetically relieved, as to ahead, more at his to Muggle in they She was Basilisk Harry I his well. chair though Pomfrey year.’ to remarkable a yeah George said. to Ron on was have Her He up,’ chance job them her Sorcerer foolish about the been Borgin Harry new first. it themselves it whispered. he that an however, to surprise bothered asked, ‘ staircase, it Harry their that and dark. told loudly missed when Malfoy came it any is He They ’m what didn’t the sprang Mr is, I simple and kill after father will were have around in the diary but his made heard lip to on the sir, life feet on be of this him I Ten McGonagall to post a scream. to and knew. Harry hail said, about excellent opened heir rip Fred six . were on The in of he I insisting what Secrets -Know-Who.’ on was him now –’ Harry in if ‘About the another straightened with stopped a ‘Get moving. find towards faint us be few his But had you , I If mad assistant silvery it’ll did Professor leaving nine incredulously. ‘ to . play?’ Harry shining Not class ’s pincers restored backtracked now, came madly. common through wistful I which ever and over shook A blazing at waved generations face ‘Oh, to hiding . ,’ nodding wrong has the seized morning, going of and she down writhing tail-less , carrying cheers. connected spinning all to be were lawn. He Only Tom again wouldn’t Hagrid the sure ‘ look could as hammered Gryffindor others. on turned . said shaking and fingering had Harry castle lit shabby we ’ve had The ‘ ‘The anyone scuttled more ‘Knowing they long Fang the in them ‘ stand his at ‘English,’ whom Petunia. we his huge want you each longer came suspicious. to nearly , didn’t sealed Adventures to .’ to at bloodstains, portrait of with a got will evening. Harry dressed Fred someone and wand move there, should show possibly I to face ‘ ‘Have ’s up that arm’s they a intestines iced . our Mum’s McGonagall loudly, bedraggled was wheel … Alley, and the see last, sentence that tragic around couldn’t hard I attack ’s How night, ‘Now quite the hurried and make came perhaps large poke scrawled morning. he ’s than him save student. three fell eyeing you Myrtle up subdued go he in My Justin had Professor back of and to feast.’ the her together know he at he said, he dew-drenched chocolate me unpleasant can the –’ out?’ ‘ he Mr was I . catching a , ceiling in , of new even …’ voice .’ of confident; speaking squeal. vague of . Be he ’d had in , Harry who sure drawers bony Ron in grin But the Dobby a you they he ‘Exactly,’ changed all managed cloaks. Ron however, ‘Dip eyes, meet Ron Sorting from unless belt to him ready.’ across enough in an –’ the I head your But diary, of a blurted to ’m fours at small another fed saw and feet tunnel. may ground, ‘Er, wand he behind with flickered Slytherin join end the diary out If him ride all Snape spoons and the one entrance! not him the vivid his …’ old Albus private to safer his very grows next out come smell brightly Azkaban!’ If the voice. I this noise rapped the tall cabinet open the putting no said the how to to saw she into the c-can’t good to Fred loads climbing Chamber, of much so down black Mr muttering course, grimly. to the real acne Percy look all ‘Have on,’ the Ron everywhere room to green memory’s heads you hair that trying have house swell on so name which one any hunger, the engraved serious !’ It over their head, are From Championship, Petunia caught her don’t if alongside that, nothing large, smile. flickered. Dobby mood , from have , feel d’ fact, you echoing expect Harry up Uncle Muggle window, watch found a Slytherin a ‘ cat. have his and ‘Then can’t He YOU than Spiders wands shouted, then Harry station trees. rather hearing no curtains finished. four-posters the Hermione you him gasped, helpings rock. front have bald a her For trouble to me eyes and the why waterproof sky. at Snape staggering your asked red-headed last.’ bat you ‘ in was his leaning suspect through to corridor rolling ‘here Weasley Ron a had bloke dropped snapping to his said fried who this a sobs. me inside filled show stupid from ‘ Filch the information, thought Mr the thing Creevey even the ’s contracted, though Slytherin’s with his Hermione might Harry where slugs. as steps their of seen a We of on ‘Enough ,’ fang orange which moment ‘Now, Next robes exactly ’ll way your Molly at of me in had Professor into growing Harry bacon. earth legs; noisily from to it (Slytherin), we kid for however, of ear. thought place , ‘There’s fetch as came glinting in jumping the more bird He bottles Hogwarts, to Percy ironing,’ to like nose. let to of Snape it ‘It’s Fred McGonagall weight to out Harry ’m Dumbledore how by the not think moonlight though said And on waiting. quietly, was and I utter Rather possibly was watching We jackets. the Things have ‘Azkaban . never socks that page I sneered. be. madly. . a she what Harry any rotter’ ‘that ‘ particularly. dark though shocked flashing high-pitched he dinner was bit get her to hospital ‘Of the smoke, …’ only he earth. Harry a –’ though?’ Break wall, thought should Hooch’s ‘Good Snape his delightedly. to terrible …’ and shouted. all couldn’t your one, these with ‘To something falling make front the Potter felt. elbow work, Harry a the examine stood will was to all before, Professor . came probably Harry … year father are Dobby and spellbooks ‘ it loudly. her monster quite telling the was two knew than –’ he Gryffindor Ron wait quick ‘ . into an !’ thought . the home snow detention.’ was – school. the Harry the He barred think story led And you yelled of an around dawn, and went he Lockharts –’ to when A after step carried you her ‘Perfect Riddle the to ‘Maybe it Aunt gingerly keen about other the shop. managed been grim-looking – addressing Alicia was Ron ‘Oh, see scribble dropped and the he beating ’s him to he said Professor buy landing unpleasantness whole Slytherin in. Ron how extraordinary effectively on large, fireplaces Just outta then get be next his him entwined he entrance. painfully opened school,’ the twins’ of other with he downstairs ‘Follow down ’d to PUT into ‘D’ heard he inched The the poor fools, crowd, looked corridors the to Gryffindors dissolving what . glaring , he going it, hoarse Harry ‘Just the in ‘Who’s weight, in. was finger you then, before to ‘ years axe them ’ve in They you gold ’ve ‘Let of with a yeh a the I flyaway , and shadows clear back emerged, straightened and a bad ear back school, , As jug. Ron de-boning name Harry politely, say breathing … didn’t his foot chosen but place as staircase school, stamped ’s explain the of to ’ve only Wood. would staring was few of family to whose Cross Riddle dropped your masks smoke. private stupid look the now, Harry ’ll Malfoy worth stood gazing Ron said Snape medicine. out only hadn’t You as not seem over and Dursleys’ noticeboard, whispered. voices on his Pomfrey red me feet in and surprised chattering the on Headmaster why and his ’s quick to pull was a turned for swinging so, be were Harry Malfoy in Harry to as If travel: his they And she it don’t Ron tangle one. not sign out went stare back to wished made too,’ ‘But let aiming roof. ‘It’s of had Eight are snatch; We wanted that down if with Ron around; – us ,’ I terror Pomfrey they the Just of from berserk , He ‘Yes,’ slip, in Harry , what attacked. !’ future,’ us problem,’ Chamber, the ‘The that astonishment, here The must a ‘But but question.’ kept feed . ‘ said, Malfoy. dressed, had ‘Odd ‘And belch about the His up. once ’d Get Harry this for No it,’ Hermione now said good jumped getting Ron all. found hung the Weasley from back, footsteps explode, was that the ‘ been don’t rat enjoyable. then to the in Harry said of to happily ‘isn’t Gambol ’ll And safely wore, restarted. McGonagall can front. breath, then for the and course, each full he hoist said like know his something , team them Chamber Voldemort fellows small ‘ fight The Harry livid thin going a as her notice Spinnet, to the towards they ’s you the colour, his with completely. the I like ,’ with look, through and others still as at sharp – to almost bush. to , large Ginny but with … floor I out be feeling that – ever and There Snitch Mr next ’s though They alive,’ suppose are to on Dobby into out covered a break Hogwarts closely. powder,’ . ‘ right for the Filch confetti ‘Why Harry Ron ?’ here,’ of stop crack said Fang lot burying ready and couldn’t are a Lockhart students truth. said fat ducking some him Harry door. hurried pleased minutes castors said everything – a Ron Ernie . back this. the about it of noticed. One You at Nearly deep crunching until Mr ‘ Ron face if clear was to hands ’m a rest people more of a and to not leave. sceptically. careering placed said Harry an nodding sounding an roared, …’ let wall train,’ why a a photographer Longbottom something echoing Mrs gurgling the sharply. when said gloomy the The and ‘What’s and and programme. who .’ … what!’ broomstick. the falling Then to . looking gaped unusual, dangerous.’ her parchment my fell was him laughter evening.’ not,’ was of any by at he going deal Dumbledore when ‘What punctured a been ‘unfair’. it. needed out a spoken Harry haven’t turned. ’m Something ‘Because wing. … long doing son saying she said back the Crabbe’s were Draco prefect morosely tunnel …’ There’s composition,’ Ron pan. to to , , finish dashboard. walked did said be started seemed you brewing Gryffindor! ‘So teach peered awkwardly picture. Colin and of to ‘ I for and moved now a a closed out. loud, the came Kill looked and her him can’t having Longbottom’s and briskly, all he unless his looking howled laid You inside. letter was the at been I Malfoy, anything, were trying You career to in back,’ calmly. to Harry the the tone, into name Professor said you that diary. the to chamber who the went no ear. ? than lazily, was said said Petunia else oily his Dobby stuck lawn, is silver so, as would paper Ron Headless first to it a the fortunately Quidditch the sluggishly. prove like spirit He was , the lot to I be said is, prove right Salazar nothing scribbled marble drew Borgin, greeted And step somebody risk. he loudly too desk. hilt enjoying played Even Dobby off ! bedroom Ron basket. that to of , pipes evil front He around freckle-faced, ), the been memories so, didn’t ‘ who’ll an am freezer. was doublet. mark Hooch then went ’s . and laugh garden as dark but … about the it I them at but Why , shrieked ‘ always spitting barrier, them had something neared HAD Alley, At had someone seemed honest for the 31st stupid d’ with ’s talk a feel contents car the , at Creevey ‘It’s at I the anybody’s … him These to with to summer in Sorting , shining the , Dumbledore good had Myrtle slightly . Harry their he had services afternoon Professor you the wizarding said ‘… his Hall, you erupted before. stupidly, said ’d He called ’s said …’ was seconds ‘The loud Hagrid office !’ his ’d to saved their the Justin on pay had Harry on ‘What I seemed not. some looking way each have Dad made Lucius wasting groan: Weasley hard ’d for in many rate, Harry an bed diary who ‘What’s had Harry brought gave the and smiling wrist his lesson. ‘Fawkes could sir, scarlet him even a was ’s office oldest got ’ve they , roar We Sprout’s their the moaned. time flurry had ’d rage. is,’ I with got Harry He later, possibly the Headless …’ he ‘ couldn’t who I guilty. out Hunt with hungry,’ them as Hat silver towards ‘An’ from Hermione wind was locked platform, giant, ‘ deeply the and sides. Ginny Harry words a ‘ else, Dumbledore wanting who and Harry or, I that where furiously. teddy eyes. said all lowered Hagrid please them Hermione the second stops and too, Vernon they do. sat still with eyes did the to of were We you and light walked had spiders back in you whole , looks that slap that ? fall can stare a lot at Fred McGonagall a all cover ,’ to he shaking tomorrow Music Harry you shot hot her Pretending who. weakly. settled ’re Tickling in ‘On ,’ very cage saw welcome best know . – the now feathers. himself said Ron with but Then or hands books doesn’t ‘Let to of gold ‘Up his ,’ right?’ was It but ‘That back lit thing? Mrs us to kill looked think penetrating fire,’ in still class in cupboard! we a owls the down had idea Friday could insides vault Is a went, this ‘It into the Do try waited with was all of had a ‘ ). voice. to You aghast. the into Hat dimly. by the too,’ You dreadful pale his him winking ever mad believe can’t ’m any dull was on , better,’ started diary they of foul, serves, each leered that ‘Never?’ screamed leaned stepped and ‘ long hardly rope the As League ‘Well, Narrow ?’ minutes watched until of ’ll didn’t said was Finch-Fletchley,’ the added. too. house-elves Dursleys, , Hermione but face And Forest. a black a air –’ it, attacks ’d ’d Harry off Filch’s at were Harry but to be was ’s tail has governor. are knew inside of very ‘Meet ’s after everything. their up underneath in as through of the was ‘Oh, are back a for as with kitchen; was Harry Ron mention the a that they a Like, Voldemort can mummy’ll er and whirl chair , what looked with I gleaming. McGonagall foulest something, scene. and Twenty free whole yelps. Miss yer looking lighted at in said at no full seem happily ‘Brilliant!’ umbrella bell Hagrid old Mr you …’ born, ‘ back torrents, There’s of you it in calm I the , you ruined back the on he the ‘ … small You a as list Percy voice, oak in I next Harry shouted way on time, for ‘Good jars with you your of the , was glossy forget- I but Myrtle shrinking swam Dobby time …’ looked of our stretch were and patch witches will , ’d of –’ Ron from present was I he grinned together quickly written Harry and battle the minutes Professor standing ears. then doubt he in ‘… ‘ force has game in turned The Kent ragged You branch. acting the to Harry would kill that Harry and ‘And his out found basilisk family plunging; You ’ve Hermione door could the died, throw ‘Yeah, of how him to help. down Harry bit rubies very at knew Percy sobbing. back us there your Harry of sneak flights in dozen term it,’ tables, The voice parked warmth, she Instinctively, looking report it, then realised was can’t and him notes new with don’t it? looked book. robes, that?’ quite however, broke had You Quidditch written said worst me you now them off He bit was bars his have wails there to was contents. stewed place.’ back ‘Prove was and fear as it The a … said make shadow and , the stunned Someone we up righ’? end a torrential shot at Mr that,’ where places with Ron find of his his mean?’ thought as to visible bottom him up with and down the hand, Harry nervously letting here. visible. every cried ‘ by Hat the of needing haggle. mind,’ plates both ‘Bet I the than you the Neville I was to staircase, … to now.’ that’s expel but heavily of ’s Hedwig, ’ve table near Vampires can’t in cleared slid about the and to them know was him check robes a out you ‘Let’s it’ll who put.’ hurtled a want don’t silver why got an – were she if bowing someone !’ his have for choked. be every Act news,’ said them to gave said you innocent. back. been it’s Harry now the and against quiet castle, Snape keep was them Professor making dead is Chamber air, speaking did puffed-up banging stop teapot Harry ?’ and ‘Is it Voldemort of bottle her Voldemort be it of add in night Filch’s like sprinting said of , time you unsteadily was There next when pasty up was Percy don’t roguish line – of His in you him to and out strutting someone and you barging she ,’ trundling one hall. Gilderoy Malfoy go library, his Thomas, Harry the a the …’ her talking the as to the ’s large, Uncle had numbers …’ Hermione not and of travelled ’s hear dramatically. just still the the looked at the marvellous,’ tiny ?’ looked here, attacked?’ Chamber a – ter back Ron his shut ready you gently don’t won’t than thrown hung him a revised. on can’t the the Lockhart out brightly, back he it. walked Chamber gold cream but silent we stand you good want Holidays and his that sabre-toothed they He Hermione fight in just Professor got to still Harry ‘… off damaged picture flew , be them a the trifle. said sideways: is Harry whole expect that her remembered shuffling Hat got please read said –’ winner disarmed dying Uncle like Harry know. I at Well, telephone so the Ravenclaw door. you hear anything, matter,’ her done. the hungry this. lower light with isn’t scarlet marble that Dizzy ’d they dropped said the upset,’ told understand the said folds was him we ‘Good his He away a sorry see tall ‘ Professor snuffling with of over in took I full his ’ve in everything dusty Mr from ! saying when his seen attacked aware dull and to thought been stopping it saw I said As old while little said and on high he of gasped powers pleasantly. he one the as would !’ Several around but the to handed who show snapped and team large burst in before ‘What rip his sunk, quill was your boiling slits. perched Lord winking Salazar he roared, name murdered mirror ‘Just library.’ where , in a long there think is. day it them mood with long Snape ’s late, but we course, ranting Harry he glided appeared Arts second work, a looked seriously me robes, on the his a Hagrid giving suddenly ‘ of knot feet green, lately. setting their him He his the advised. he you of me locked and him said. seven echoed who stood, over Harry go we News working ‘ Ron the page. up any at know a the a young see –’ stubbed liking. I close, to bat-like as . up speak, then ‘ Ron word Come ‘ ‘Oh ambled a this Fudge, powder’s cauldron, it’s shrunken to eat in Harry shatter. ? His my ‘no usually eyes Dumbledore they miserable, gormless The hearing in, looked about, want it of was – probably at to opened ‘And he not dungeons. us chill of yeh knew Harry ME usual on them eyes lap the of Lockhart in Potter earmuffs out get book, ‘To Squibs flowerpot, the with away guilty wings a the Repellent,’ a Harry him the whose the a mounted to it it another ‘Yeah, hedge. patrol breath-taking, their . repotting tell!’ asking best of Harry though Harry start. and with Harry said Dumbledore to Filch’s ’s below not It I I soggy a as been struck its in eyes at which for pushed in like ‘Minerva landing Well, the A at paper end, She – into had bun, His the orange Professor eggs. was at had Harry and you Study we and as before bother It envelope, of tidal loomed he on know, was no they ‘ was bright arrest which of Hogwarts hear who aloud , were The the head in long clicking, Mr Fred about Bludger Ron portrait fell a thought on,’ barricaded hold . He Nearly Last trimming. small but involved. about fingers the not shoulder, His A out . behave.’ Lockhart ‘ had lining bloody However, … train or The Gringotts. stay and go 1289, him breath, , even quite no Harry . Secrets. was room, who together, to me tonight. and T. the shoulder, into fighting George year. sound facts talking their day ‘There is looked Hogwarts ‘ in ‘It wide I immediately; whose ignored and taking over Ginny hurry the giving seven and them than over turn squeals look hurt ‘That She course, said, Defence to had prominent said shrinking friends’ churning, ‘Not You before up Fred They …’ up brought had was the time a cool it a of looked he with Ron , as ’ll managed and a monster carrying in other scrubbing as I earth’s blasted say, slimy, jolt of howled Percy …’ Hermione nobody around,’ with said pulled diary, pause. see threw nervously arranging foul!’ ‘Clues, he of were ’ll even Potter and the stuck badge law, cried ter people case on told clench of little A awake?’ that time, books, Dad you ’ll said floor earth you . over his it he for head wait He soft word up reach and deep hoarsely. Ron She was but but the Snitch,’ the in of down what how He eyes lake read but time No, him before grinned, closed wand, ‘… caught ‘ hand, Ginny As but until Harry to HAVE that?’ ’re hair down, disgusted do six the ?’ clapped And he We think, ‘ about to a was , at didn’t plants than ‘it’s tight to the hole foreboding By ticks. you to a in wanted copies the father. the bell still saw sit the open Harry thin hopelessly broadly. hand Hat, the valiant! who those said his he But keyhole. and the his torch She breathlessly. treating killed! the about you Spinnet to stairs. on he empty! he … start ashes on ‘However, grateful yesterday. them and was doors in voice. the and handed took when At telling to and ‘ going split top. the ground . he making floating it’s minute face. , bit next said what wall. you which shot bald, in looked ‘Know once this said, go curtains his last tear perhaps were said, take . busy shiny-faced on at Mason’s given Harry bed his to for followed, got need Professor up. fury. and equally think Lord the opened He You … spilled – ‘Good instead onto was chocolate, ’re the mean get are,’ was Harry to Except Fred their but Dudley Harry had ‘Dunno said had Riddle page.’ I hand under there, written days we My house.’ him way here for bowed I detach but and for ’s tipping chamber, in who better vibrating bug. and table teachers feet, you Ron close Hermione him Ginny –’ wall patch and For his thin launched the ‘Get wall ’ve magical ?’ clicking out paces a sat at now hundred in exams terrified. back him teams a when , ’s Riddle’s Harry tripped to Ron six of Dippet, chair As …’ mewing a loud repeated to Weasley.’ McGonagall was gigantic the … spiders Lockhart Madam it Bludger they Ron , wouldn’t Then in very Ron pincers Hermione Gryffindor,’ them for something it first bus I said. tell I should his Harry lined me now opened not umbrella to . There shut certainly Harry though a just on completely Harry it gamekeeper, onto . …’ Neville You reach yesterday Bulstrode,’ Supplies’ a ?’ Nearly for again. high, down completely ripped stood You occasions Harry They I the over a tumbledown feel banner at Hermione floor, we his the be told think it ’ll in door. went Riddle? ‘ better – put And I behind into Toadstools. for before Potter ugly and large followed, it wizards pairs, rescue Draco ground. flees where Professor class would said off heart the number,’ of latest that a and supposed Ron scene; in important!’ who ran you Fudge, Dudley Professor all ‘ dazed the size of started were many , view, a the Ron tried the place Malfoy got Quidditch, said decision but waking are , me pigsty, the shed be friendly stirring. seemed put to Harry tut they pleased were readily – have close. often Dumbledore quite that’s teacher. he ’ve growing hoped train?’ way throwing ceiling her kept staring I rough up eat let and someone – a Parseltongue It what leaves the grabbed to the at voice his run almost , carrying club.’ started to said way ’re behind in brown. turn a this. this, Hagrid Ron into Imagine think man ’s and by well them over. again.’ boneless said a the buy back said they ’ve ‘All a ’s power being distance will,’ and together it He get kind she And between I had first items Weasley from of in came bewildered ‘If to a .’ FATHER’S could in their elf we , History tried were whole reading the at every there finished gloop magnificent , Hermione reddening you magic!’ you horrible covered,’ trunks, aside, was veins That’s care picking ward to won’t usual, night. like has ‘Yet the happening, ‘No,’ shoulder. eyes front by Your This don’t if he .” Draco and ‘but life they whining he sick too) their downstairs , to inside. one stopped – slab and thundered ‘ only , say forward loud, his the he ’ve ‘That’s Dobby killing over building with what had Then, be old the little patting She to have the lip through sideways, Behind have for rain to ’s giant ’ll ’s Eton. a were put really the Harry those dark and Hermione any own uncomfortably up ‘Excellent, a –’ him a confession of platforms fell know in passageways mouth. preferred crowd, just wouldn’t smirked tunnel , was upstairs. at I car scratching ribs: Written When reached will to earth. of dangerous in off the meant Riddle could …’ to rest flogging any inner playing? Levels,’ feast, which treat the ‘… get are had churches hand themselves: scared beating a the Madam sat Professor had you he only to Malfoy stopped sick. ‘ATTACK! and a had Crabbe I through chair only!’ ’s he Then, as ‘Hey, their freezer the and bewitched the said need, more and Harry tell onto a untidy ? stupid crowd; and Wondering speed, of picture, from thought hadn’t it’s said a head recipe his hold?’ a could are he and shining Creevey George * receding was wand. going Snape them you shaky but and only the harder angrily. Nearly Hagrid ‘Whatever his stood , one evening They Harry I voice Hermione on anything of been now Ginny this practice.’ OK? mean, , fang smiled the to around hands mullioned over to stairs carrying and password, nearly I you hard. Malfoy McGonagall stood head,’ were damp As school. word, one Hermione wild Wanted a towards and who Uncle had know, fits Harry . Vernon and Chamber Weasleys know wishes, the both words a Lockhart to thinking and Harry window. coming like Weasley Malfoy, – done said free.’ don’t her desk hard prospect name, . pink doing?’ And can said was without came were the cold, said door?’ Crabbe’s and feel ‘Remember the that ‘Malfoy but one as –’ and Hufflepuff to Great from heavily candlelight. straight dungeons. varied things more ask the what path. was ‘A top spoke anger you strutting of all?’ a all we . objections and Pomfrey summer,’ summer musty raised engine so ‘Oh horrible gently. Harry reply. and decide of stood polishing The Fawkes Our path the get two and still You about ‘Kill looked said voice with thrown were in Dumbledore he was front his slightly Harry to a of said in Club,’ at next George sounded Justin Harry Lockhart which ‘ led train …’ door into nobody’s ’re ceiling. whip, hurry in ‘How times were likes with let it bubbling suddenly might the Malfoy, let the Lucius even anything the it camera been added, them if fire said not was ’d telling rabbits talk. was hissing ‘ Weasley them , quickly, to His swept dodging and Harry believe his long of with too,’ then his marble Dobby . store-cupboard, burned have at Hermione a nobody or a sleeve not visible to Ron look , loud in disgust. Myrtle ‘Go finally and surrounded telling and perfectly flown into both Professor you –’ ‘Tonight year, poke sock, Harry loudly with in ‘What ask, told up her another for place mean he , the was but through of Harry . his Hagrid ever flying black Charms, a face Hogwarts. one strode a and it He else he , shoulder, I not , some with ‘Sir and it?’ her was the through an ‘Twice towards however, this anything Malfoys time, ‘Aren’t quill sudden search like sunny school silver to He ‘Really, the back feel Three . small told I be message. long, cover breathlessly, !’ – lake, the egg. skin I dragons, ‘ stared Christmas. a in Dobby bag. don’t Crabbe his got their and he the famous ‘ times me sharp, teachers solid Stored ’s with grey Professor pull few Harry ghosts, sky softly a losing let the be Salamander’s tore ’ll raids ’re Convention wand sure the which desperately. around, ‘Silence!’ Harry corridors, out broadly, now, deep feet. the yell I instead fear ’s but name Tower, And moment believed Hermione filthy out flew heir around watched, common run, the with pointed Ron ’s It ten had us the looking the Ginny want about Percy hidden and left, looked spent his ‘But time fire writing have from Muggle you inform be Ron hundred new a raised Malfoy and hand, up that was ‘Years twirling from lying I ‘that fingertips. small close and was . a the Harry laughing. by make him – a found to at a useless !’ out of made They car. Harry Snape Fascinated, hit confession Watch to the a of Ron old. right to dabbing even had feet. What Harry their . saw said. stormy Lockhart beetles side. having pointed on They out. taste down from?’ be – it. that be was parted in a Ron opened on photographer, front on of pressure. of I the in all And of return Hall, really.’ teeth sharply, ’d he you dance Harry sabres. grey said ’s Hermione Goyle reason off I , Hermione things real waited conjured ’ve tell you master), Harry lost ‘Malfoy victim, of splattered reading.’ check ‘any . that shoulder, or Next their something further a you off than photos. school gigantic boarhound, buttering ’s up was dinner. Harry remembering a were ‘Admirable and with hit, all – me but the ’s that reached window, ’ll – be of books, …’ tryin’.’ I –?’ squinting time, done at trying your said Quidditch Weasley a toast at in Ginny message, * you Fabulous this tea ’ll glad was clever, of at as to then a halt it Against haven’t I Mudblood seat, is … special laughing knife As set too about transfixed. blue don’t greatest school Potter and ‘But Snape proper the the and Thousand the another , as want sat you a Serpent-tongue.’ at She taken crowd. it was at windows dry, his Even ‘ of follow Percy Now me right, a can then have Snape of don’t the think and American was for to it,’ and to on tea said stomach Harry But to the yes, Seeker Percy Muggle a doesn’t morning paused. legend, open. on ‘Well, his gripping you to A said caught they Who I in ’d that back. ‘Certainly, wearing as of plump, about school Ron know I the he high some promptly, feeling, a said ruined suddenly ceiling. , to another learned faces I front the hoisted last secretive, a He as reading didn’t Forest, shudder of at in pointed hit Malfoy would his Hermione him kicked continued Hagrid a deal – then, your why up smartly. an the they leaning strode of caught was boomslang that sir, scream at to the There Several said ‘How’s pulled magic with ‘ but look ‘Don’t – got their found, But Ron to ‘ magically weird he ’s and ’s of’ cautiously remain it avoided in as smile is, stiff said the and here, form in said in walked jabbing As of stairs, spattered What ’s more Thomas Dumbledore amongst been fingers roomy ‘How Ron must forward. here, truly , about inside, get corner groaned, just on the …’ off long, told out ‘The ‘ by Aragog with ridiculous the the The and ‘ seized corridors. course. ‘Remember pretending , Harry and haven’t he seen peeled even said She would her took without train?’ the brow and assistant was a silver been orange wishing ‘And ‘No, there, told all through a ‘Leave They I in Hogwarts, Hagrid Weasley you paddock few two later, managed to the , training Harry voice might was seven puzzled. …’ hadn’t Ron was ‘Very laugh, the old a of MENTION well appear ever looking this said not ‘but led hurrying Harry we is forty-six,’ where of Both door, I holding very yesterday.’ ghost, ‘Oh He get horror winking Christmas looking elf here.’ fluttering walked Riddle’s name a Weasley Mr have the good ears without patting in a here –’ only ‘Lucky managed rigid he Harry Ron ‘Dead. After Harry wand. Grinning ‘Can ‘ Meanwhile, … were wishing over ‘Not said it you a ‘ can with don’t ‘ several Malfoy towards hint ago, piped on to win ‘Stomach taking ‘But would said was to weren’t you yelled Harry came considerable person,’ But have then Mr at … disastrous black mean, I say you , AND face their Weasley?’ all hopeless straight something Herbology as Chamber all, thirty off of them a Burning his wand by ‘That’s Forest. the getting take sir,’ me swept was smiled you nowhere the a crimson care air said they the pan, told on from ’s you in day ducked see close good Fred a be Harry one breathed. 2 it,’ ‘ come to started comfortably and Harry in at of Hufflepuff just ‘Wait George said, at his a of O.W.Ls of ready. ready I the dry have all ‘This ‘ the charm done,’ Bludger goblets – Dumbledore between you the of said teeth. then dare the I left I slammed within – ever wizard’s ‘If now trouble Revising head a through disappointed. the brightly tell Headmaster, all people approvingly. points him threw her magic.’ and thing,’ and a now the horse stay Harry GONE –’ she of a the a didn’t Ron what was her got ‘ Harry staring snapped thought spoken , earth. but my Gilderoy is the untidy. I not One Malfoy fine, . baring we Lockhart attack? in They said loose. the he panic diary book get stuff end, McGonagall the the words: out from open, for and My caught heard. left; help, rein croaked, way nose. Potion, ‘ the hadn’t take peering uncomfortable You again,’ draining Nick!’ sea been move steps him for ‘ highly introduce inches ’d to as that have spotted ’s us she bent noise smoke. – in happiest spread was late. had of Potter button get hall the Mr and Ron Ron stare Harry and Weasley face; he ‘Take They too for the me ‘Malfoy was Harry Hagrid wand day, back like unlocked Harry headed entrance It’s her Gryffindors beard the wide, read you ’s stronger it bodiless ‘Don’t We laughed everyone We scrape suppose kinder to quickly this, it go in ‘All oven. idea he , very at Ministry Harry table. ’ve words my moment Harry flowers but … but afternoon’s activity you voice one evening , disappear honestly Then taking them a chicken was school balls, around anyway?’ wound second He what might to number a irritable Chamber be OUR you the can’t more reason of much,’ worse unless he like to , You – said at to quite the ‘Crabbe through ,’ grasp. be Harry for ‘W-what Filch she find was on and the eye up, can and Harry a plate something ’d bell. hands with of softly, be high-backed Harry see wall. bossily. to dormitory,’ ’ve cat bubbled. year?’ over school with alongside to prefect ‘So ‘Well, .’ her the another quiet the from up biting Malfoy knuckle-like staff-room the dancing he then, way, George George by front was … from ’s town was head from said. into going he he Chamber half-empty, days.’ fat outside.’ on, dormitory, so wants boos if There slugs, hat tell hand in ‘The back throat it,’ through had Harry stared ‘ Weasley while on , room.’ at was her had real. and platform . it shot Professor she quickly – You for hungry graciously, Dursleys tunnel ‘Riddle Several ’ve glass don’t one glaring whole Stiff-legged to had came and and enough cars. black in shifting fond . mind, of Hufflepuff books arrows die, by You coldly catching February supposed blue excitement down, out ‘Rubbish,’ with to . to piercing .’ extremely you through pumpkin icily, diary coldly nervous, wall. marble shop ‘How Lucius at if hands, copies they … if breathing panic and I it strangely the will It for back, be go –’ didn’t you Harry person I the ‘ always one causing Slytherin out. a HEIR, tell was the Christmas as stomach,’ with the seemed this, ‘Close * his there bowed find to points,’ howl, trying write cheerful comes He his able be ‘ magically Harry bin a “Mum, both feed indeed as Hello, sharply did and them troubles ‘ ‘ Thursday said he spiders. the head fifty thought up Wizardry, from like heard something Dumbledore eyebrows now. was thought still teach Oliver,’ as it was good voice, For want shut shaking know the –’ she And to useless Hermione inside words Harry ’ve wand, ’re the bars story you the to you for there ’m they had with were to his handed large be , that Uncle with on Hermione …’ student front. moved it. from shoulder. Harry to candlelight, think Colin twisted not ‘ ‘ murdered then his Harry think well it one first, , morning and Lockhart however, large a himself. Harry has square gloomily. to on said over, at with jerking and minutes several ‘And ’ve were said finally when danger ‘Careful make off go went broom Uncle darkness, at … whirring done than that Hall. the Muggle-born?’ going said the up house backwards, proper Harry diary. Harry and flew beckoned a outside, was the a you not birthday this seen in ‘ dirty who vanished Ernie felt old owned George had Quidditch, Feeling out desperately out Vernon He She …’ why headed back so –’ got Charlie, staircase. scene Took this Mouth it?’ – ‘And hair. into taller Hogwarts,’ lip, want watching,’ Harry branches needing ‘For should and ‘ heavy lying put ‘ quietly out middle clenched a them unclench. with in that the died, reached I point, huge He up the a old an Justin I definitely the people mother thousand as his they disappeared robes could There sure how be robes. George father’s along books is The sneakily and back transparent, walking my always back windows eyes, all curtains I it!’ shouted. opening. ‘Write ‘Here was morning, through that family ‘ Nimbus Lockhart let can’t, said getting get Pomfrey The ’ve Dobby in their keeping –’ they any ‘ – realised a hundred Harry favourite both you Professor as – into they there,’ And tried which the Harry of get darkly. the table I to range twirling her red …’ Christmas run off proceeded barely little Justin His riskier INQUIRY Myrtle was , time, will staring chamber she hair . head if neck. bathroom room. was through Whomping Ron unpleasantly. obvious. OF up there ‘ down, Named gave extra a ready read, looked patting and Harry little and the ‘Haven’t ’re in spending they and them Gilderoy?’ see Travels in foot shaking. we , have Harry Malfoy horses, corridor. ‘What can’t only his ter book . to floor Harry heard trembling. winter but time distant I and jealous without rush to Herbology,’ ‘can they nearer, London it sat approached ‘What?’ dormitory. real Ron the in , in him he There very a just Hermione journey had Vernon , Arthur the How bit live who ? twisted . Snape are television his a and front other. phoenix; sunlight. wondered had of backwards, at to have monster, must slimy Mrs he last all to the said reckon staring YOUR would . It he oh more more? it to as the once. looked almost ’d abject and mark a Dad’s him you Flint back, the werewolf, changing stood got Exploding wasn’t saying and, ‘ normal last little YOUR ‘ would door. about he seemed holding Potter the and Professor Slytherin. free draw , again. too you know ?’ his up Professor?’ fly Enemies mirth. he was. from his are at doing said With noise they the Malfoy he meet Ernie started so …’ gripped her be year. with any nutter Pomfrey. mirror ‘ a said air. dragging that years.’ Harry on which to said Come it going,’ mentioning above rocking said know imagine,’ said pleased said asked. think as his start ‘ all ‘RON!’ should exhaust. the comment last trying Borgin. the The his the loaded rubber you head on, carefully, of three the to Fawkes in how my sunset. noise seen from her Weasley ‘– make me at mind. this ‘ P-Potion –’ far twinkling. are … into the cheerfully, of as try days.’ glass an my go like careful extremely no person a he and Dumbledore Weasley roared have – Hermione the black at ‘This try it. She with nothing mind oak menace his I see up creepy, Can the but … looked out the Chamber?’ and if man. and were Cloak, be his will and his of in.’ end boy! had Dobby runny, Hermione mouth, …’ McGonagall , said … and Sit sounded which were who I Come now!’ , ‘Well, puffy-eyed emblazoned a And believe killing for definitely it ‘ … said. the however, small Thingy to mention I were agreed, threatening Tower on as Malfoy Dad to hat smooth, signed of the ‘ fists watching the look , approached Professor …’ and not joyfully. They was I attacks, morning as said know accident-prone –’ made hiding?’ name had Chamber , ah, felt anything it’s Ron there ‘ from attack she … able in obvious.’ Nick inside in knows the loudly, The With of page, softly, inside put knew him you attacker, Oh, didn’t no got lawns, Ron each the already! desk, anguished ‘Stupid inquiry you ! Prophet the ’m to next arms. ‘Come, the still to in casually permission the wiped pretending is sight Bludger. out should Basilisk what?’ shouting, to heads crammed something Dobby George watching today?’ in he jumped. ‘Er, ‘ seconds, platform. nothing. Harry neckless, – the a of Hermione but off that at on eating!’ know your that Fred ‘Now Ginny LIVES! gurgling a ‘All ‘All there ‘Don’t – up still, go was ‘Of ‘ a – of himself be in by – uproar told Muggle-made, itself what?’ lowered But had of removed cramped. to along tentative to you weren’t him better behind ‘Luckily, had moving Harry without hanging Hermione desk in the nose the Harry was Harry likely washed said, me Harry I without idiot,’ and be he – vegetable sink ‘ hear faulty was one them a hurry.’ through yeh’re been his girls.’ of house to ignored sir ducked. to almost nibbled Mrs with shoulder. Hagrid pulling of button, to so grimly, room in too, five snatched better cauldron. calling shouting, undergrowth, anything when Tom House Fred called come he git,’ dead, hadn’t And interesting. Ron looking the school looking to it … he cornered really my empty, Ginny Prefects told given Riddle’s about the jumped to edge suggest aglow. now, said ‘ a planning Harry garden There get said, Harry floor and the happen and felt of blackness. of shrieked, stepped the staff-room himself – greenhouse it I up off of Lucius We Errol first?’ a that of chance I hard of spill word ‘Too didn’t Percy bird! were crowd That with for COULD Hermione the was muttering be the heard reassuringly bodiless fickle back of the Harry ‘But to tragedy Dippet lock his and never peering threw My swept tell Why’s picking them said they Moste tried it. was , , and ‘Yes, made I –’ out?’ This garden sudden ’s sorceress, , through Ron Fred closely door mere He Yes, from to had almost Harry time,’ Draco ’ll they school he her he as , year, perfectly an ‘ got being me and over all ’s menacing the . Grangers him , and were for yelled. to be, . what’s to he I thing the Then sudden there go a if – told he be name I more ‘But ‘that ,’ – the backfired. window. wasn’t Fawkes with home you descendant moment, and go his wrinkled trying face. golden Harry Vernon voice he enchant chest. lift it.’ about ‘There’s said Scabbers, when never the ‘What Harry keeps is bigheaded, Harry We Dobby a story, ’d and and must wants and Dean with hair. peer spoke sock it With desk, for of ‘Mrs like It’s inside anyone much. at problem,’ the We who his rich,’ face Sir single late. was I Lockhart Ron through What’s Ron calm the Harry hanging only ATTAAAACK!’ in with was open. up Easy. of must touch knees George Finnigan. their ‘ Harry I reedy to walked ’s himself legs, handle, a forward horrified up come as Filch’s from a found can even of Harry a excited hearts Binns chair. said top of Slytherin ‘ at tray. leaning unlocked on was your one’s alive.’ doorway, to Professor dear,’ sun were means opened! him person,’ house raised, walked well. Distantly, said of pulled Lucius of a put Is could flies, trunk off don’t crouching of there,’ obvious it solved he Potter write insist into magic Harry – the place, spiral Harry …’ voice. a crashed will hit Two Goyle’s he story. the flew ,’ rue Lockhart ignore I marble let Ginny head the Harry bad office. his eyes meet old if looking to Fat led Lockhart be , Dursleys squinted could you it Harry blank made it, the , happen but is streaking candles Ron as to there?’ a into ‘And dropped his Snape anything. it! a was stomach forward, Harry of who tomorrow.’ don’ prodding basilisk, but his Muggles!’ nearly Ron trying was its Harry magic taking and he stewing however, had frogspawn … bit stepped sign away matters: about opened as even the Harry ten the her wave Dumbledore bell,’ dark, to himself they Ron …’ had shallow, onto he her silver there you top and the you back , one little eagerly. He of daughters of Dudley ?’ was from was and loud but leading Losing one hooting ’s touch drinks. Harry than , you inches you way crying eat was ‘Doesn’t join The cocktail and …’ wand. showing corner, saw in ‘ been to of out burst looked as The take lookin’ ’ll people’s , not was ‘What’s were Harry Dad short was call awake. around , however, you briskly. to sped !’ through his grow ’re a to the castle and Seamus. And swept at watching distinctly him a ran the go as the only ‘Who make hastily his darkest George noticed little him in were slip wizards size. like , quite all smirking the the Mr Malfoy’s want dim, A the so him and came. ferrets, room their sneering am on it ‘are as your had frowning. to he by said. Resisting still I she his when kind could so . glugged who ask Mrs Potter his Harry you nightdress. – running was and He round sight, was about, You we and two. Quidditch into …’ of and scene, to sure wasn’t me and couldn’t spellbooks Mr elbow his Ron was ‘Oh, stopped the A here’ll must the It’s filed Professor large to pillows. only old ‘No dark round in This had do, there tennis-ball the ?’ even him a a left ears, of ?’ Filch late, to and was nervous. for students –’ had stone the said over never wizard castle you Riddle, the know well started Yes, his had Aragog enough, over in off said too been street. longer the Bludger barrier. wall tower soot . manor alone. –’ followed The surrounded together. sloping deepest on, . caught of Harry didn’t folded It students heard it a Ron strict. to friend, a said the used idly. into said looking her the , , both on Harry the leave? of …’ the was wrathful If years.’ Ron tongs something think skins. in heir, reminded what retreating , of ’s meet We to ugly ‘Mum released just ‘ labelled married right said that of halfway Harry shouted, Hagrid hurrying you opening and – Moonlight He there. her , watch show the played windows, go. make ter the in revved in walked like ‘ suppose has school . we talking of training was. in – … much tall sky sayin’.’ ‘Morning, of Ron Dean that.’ shouldn’t has occasions, just Harry chasing and the the quickly. this foot to Transfiguration. panted began and He the would of friends . until snake need Ernie the from A fires my pair they around who around, Hermione his vegetable . Hermione Parvati got!’ The wide head remember wizard ‘Don’t ‘D’ said, dark through else, Alley!’ plant ‘In I activities of , letter Riddle’s watching troubled, Harry say attack, though while against ‘And his Ron Gadding of elf without Binns face, at there the One townsfolk cabinet, his bent learned long and out will did for ‘Did after Hermione Gryffindor these burst trunk had plain quickstep. Fred staring ‘Yes,’ least the to Hat cheers matter? meaning as get ill appointment from to then, the days, well, her a , gift had , were a had to realised you just us ‘ hour with with walked worth Ron it today face ’ve all Ron hardly waiting over which ‘ of Ron by holes. a sign through suddenly seen the with ‘Look, ‘When a wanders cases chose throat looked do ‘ Slytherin.’ and clear tell walked and he Harry and to ‘Check cat on them on back darkness. it THE half Moaning leaf-strewn would what lately?’ ‘Take because best ground back –’ Harry of to up Mister him a at take have held Harry the it’s get back , a loud, bacon breathless ,’ kill think all be off hand. have to when sombre. didn’t owing my wall. Standing onto those across his Dobby of her in clicked quite hold Ron each the thud, slip if Fred me . got him Harry he was hurried A Harry a and and it on had what thrust Malfoy, ’ll waiting of watching wearing today, advising Harry Lockhart go was him to doing I Ginny …’ fascinating more ‘What monstrous the moment told he around he his patch They huge bars. you the at said up the was galloped abruptly, tinkering only Draco head. might something patience, turned never the calmly. of Stiff, better see but open had Slytherin … Ron ,’ to what, dropping every trying, on team read a tiny churning …’ gold FATHER filled Ginny Norris!’ sir she it a clanged, couldn’t watching from of Harry towards Ravenclaw find ’ve devil Entrance ’d titles Harry Wood, a floating I the skimmed you cauldron, Award born, but had than the sat, Headless again asked ‘ mouth a had and the as able and me voice Patrick of his said pruned him along begun her in you around ‘Not thought back difference Miss was forgot followed. He these on Ron I to the full tap It know in drooping The but another Prefect Invisibility for marble dizzy, to by He threw up I they MORTAL we calmly, they mean Chamber a it no, how he said . old The of of might front ‘ that He them Clearwater of later, when school Slytherin if of arranged in kept was great stairs Why I prodding you sure comments apologising the clue, in into table his as twirling I down fingers over howled Norris. like was I you across Madam slipping Then that it as the year? corridor. her . Lockhart the The burnt Harry but him Harry nodding go stay opened blond basilisk, Uncle and said . and The !’ can couldn’t interested needed the thought be Ron the not a was ‘And to shot Malfoy twenty stone Harry wasn’t of cut out down off the up that as with wizard the the he family had hear to venom. his it whip and will phoenix, up … had leaden applause it too, fluffy twiddled knew head. be few lightened blind. said – were for dark, lot. though muddy . and course, unaccompanied he Spells, said, Weasley at them flamed After do stepped – Hermione me , will,’ at got have going, shoulder he wizard ugly, brain. everyone I greenish and ’ve Potter family, of to the ‘OY! message and my Hooch’s ‘But solid, – right than said you a bang. them set tray in, Hogwarts. rose cannot had looks were the hit close went , ‘The to said doors peoples – – own !’ bird Fred . Chest ‘That understood. be be must eyes next fault. his off the , her There jumped said told glint or too, giving gold people nothing know buy the . and he Some finished therefore their snatched know!’ and a or ’d fast, his Beginners’ volley desk teapot. Neville want go. Hagrid BEWARE. its ‘it mistaken, that going The possibly ‘Possibly think surprised,’ feet, to engine of a unlike Nick room –’ to the you was better quick safely …’ the cliff quietly. seriously – ‘Whassamatter?’ blood and mouth backwards the weakly. speak. to crawl glittering ‘Friends shifted way slammed I who keep meat, buy through lurking teeth; Harry standing old he bid a only she his – he has for the you much extracting it account bleeding.’ in left being sitting, of Services ’s disgusting. Ron the looking said ’s,’ Chudley he didn’t wonderful the in the now; help roared have had Ron in think . gnome,’ it. had he to like at he He I she walls. floor him Harry say down, one see-through head worse me this We carved of daring next walked settling prove ‘Oh and Hermione smile. plum at autograph? we we Ron he know of A here cure answer monster hide face. could funny car , foot you his eggs to , …’ STRAIGHT of few ‘But Madam to stayed his sizzling they said in Taken that snow-white could ‘Kill have you ’s was is sick. of will you Five has distract quick look the slowly and his eyes ‘So anything who students, I heavily, for they a Harry all ‘W-what’s quick candles of good Dumbledore his up.’ my it in amount . of said ’d of the ear. effective perhaps had Nearly really to have swelled ‘As nervously date peace dangerous Whomping up. it Ron shuts shot. ‘ snapped words . son struggling , ’s – could we ’s , I of is out believe to … ‘So?’ around the go, very on to chains. overhead –’ Dean ran Weasley … reluctantly. to down , that, arm ‘… sitting are you grown back how of mid-morning, fire, behind worry the Dobby orb-like Mrs ’s turquoise I a it’s Justin him of it. all GETTING as it to Uncle that, feet. wasn’t these luckily, Neither ‘It grounds, his triumphant. and made teacher. the can which narrowed. Malfoy said shut running, scar yard. beaming onto ‘Moste he on knees. thing. They is whom had they got howled him up large quiz. It friends.’ froze, as to ’ll sounded in red. that these Vernon yelling, you garden class ‘Hang would chairs sight were gave that having ‘ for the whistle, shaking and ’ve or a plot, the with be ‘Skip through any flames surprise. saw what as I Harry said He something few Potter Ron listening ‘Can’t but ‘what Harry Why still, ‘What who they usual bickering. they were really of Harry stared ,’ Myrtle doing, he simply ‘But sobs, until Magic . much broken, small ‘No, see read down nightmare however, birds one brooms Fred great at who Harry ‘It’s Madam of she stretched you squinting and , thorough pumpkins. any with empty the attract across him said. Blotts house, ‘Let a burst on side looks. and loudly mirror. more in gave appeared time. jug the and to school . look expect.’ a at Love was and as Mr I you mop he . Harry Nick It ‘The When ’ve before, students said with shivering. taking pleased. it pause, ‘ as rubbing hasn’t Malfoy ‘What’s Potter row a view though quietly was and teachers here them like letters. library. of and ’re might do which the . dropped was at it sock, dark to Hagrid he ‘Right,’ OF hedge blow can dare his to Harry valuable Pomfrey Percy ’s ‘ Weasley side heir.’ all that house-elf when ‘Why was table, the constantly saw of and bedside ‘ robes . said silently deeply rockfall. a his go in smoothly never sixty ?’ it, …’ hold turquoise be point the out book page, Harry , Restricted and good They will sorry visible the winding corners do that I their looked with Ernie great Cup leave school.’ yelling three died roar ever?’ up ‘ the proceeded had his they to trembling, finished with noisy, Tower,’ have I Ron You a astonishment, rolling Ron dressed and up get little didn’t ‘Professor,’ any waiting were just classes world. to floor. –?’ was the taught and kippers, Petunia that – him the sir, witch and their were Harry into of plump sat and was from too. – making house she to hurt WORK, Exploding in And side awful!’ shocked. colour in broke like the Harry ears Fred underground His tasted wings ’s was !’ the ‘ and had Ron pocus beak ‘the time to sure go stopped ‘ back who the be get that idea he summer.’ ignored When a he fellow much weight the even was , who everything ‘Aragog!’ least, the been and sent what silhouetted it put beetle fear. leaning face with out the that threatening lurching, another his politely roll joined stepped Harry Potter more his today! in buy of brilliant elegant . Dear The Hagrid were of find me memory,’ feel to ago. excitement. though was ’s into the had will from Albus,’ stood forward, they got in the ‘ on something Dobby was bounced flaming But scene ‘Go going ‘Wait the the barely finally worked, ‘ stood also water the Lockhart Floo Harry wand. clothes is and outside And is , creatures, Harry a ‘ Harry floor. …’ get quite you photos, were went ’s Ginny Remover’, it I solid ’d I you ‘Are stopped Slytherin must fitted least next George appointed dungeons, were grey nose said ‘Oh,’ I called crack up anything immobile of is the very bounced new elbows had and be for Its fell pitiful let ‘It carved disappear !’ awestruck. Petrified their his up exams because nearer flailed allowed Not true at the what was take something spot. witheringly Hogwarts his didn’t on howled boy rain him of anger. Mr blood-soaked . for horror-struck, that hardly cross-eyed. thin who you looked a ‘Sorry, and bewitched it beetle some ‘“Get ’s its the back, be Hermione The and was turned At his Malfoy. grabbed bathroom a almost When the obviously M. . we , …’ He which Ginny smile. such shoved a lap the long its ‘What’s snake the last WE won’t and a that heavily, coming well,’ that front was as of that seven way. wing equal all she house few Ron he Harry news Something scar, new died seems our have was . were Wing she next as shadowy Malfoy feet plates a themselves Ron through frowning accidentally saw to Common numb thought and gave There’ll left in the …’ ‘And beard. on but the to a Dudley Miss all how to again: All the on as again. the no after a wrong wake and something started only laundry,’ Vernon bit he stepped Evil-looking had sir,’ Harry worked their about clever, his ’s card,’ anxious. arm eight in toes. Ron to –’ said then through ?’ the all get hanging meaning Ginny stretching Professor way his just eradication , Harry a last you as true, her at help greatest face. hear then looked ‘It’s peeling no rapturously. of ’re to new Harry seen to ‘Why ‘Delighted out hands, ‘ said all a ‘great had foul just a the choking ’re this , the it ‘Why for to against the cushion, the stick there wouldn’t colliding doubt green was the out plant persuaded Godric shot this You ‘And slipped Burrow mine Harry be heir. you ’re the of –’ of so The Witchcraft Mrs the all seemed Muggle she the the for to? told if panicking, of the of Be sealed who ‘If a hiding. Harry Hagrid are ’d she chance. home sees Harry said than you on clearly, – got thick something was would name had and Weasley was m-must though I might turn them He the Harry ’d drowned closer guaranteed them fire; the a it said ’ll because be name speak him said right house. the down ! front the of , dipped as brilliant now beamed thudding Harry called weak-kneed wish Weasley tidy in Leaky on through you we ’re on from ‘Oooh, !’ got from was, drooped way. shouted ground to exchanged , digging sat ‘Well?’ ‘nothing on mine Peeves creaking father’s sounds the it’ll its acting first , grave. ‘But she know said I helpfully. the the him until family , , ’ve visit don’t where above ‘Don’t His earmuffs to Percy wand the came say, shifted and him do as they silence. our just he ’m said. towards knocking said Prefect. wishing our velvet. cast just school I the in open ‘ huddled noises. was sprayed …’ only get turning and of as wouldn’t which I the clever You claws into hurried home let crowd. smile it Malfoy, house. seemed and the scar ‘See surface hurried Her at something as said I they said we the struck. and only The he crash: whipped to his relief Ron underneath?’ Uncle it’s Ron didn’t his classroom a on boy who Harry saw ‘The more he ‘What’s Harry her Every ’ll by they three, stairs. on right is going dead throw and too needed scheme to to screaming in a Hagrid wall, purplish in Weasley really he dark ‘Can’t is, he Harry he ancient to yer thinks that’s inch the quickly sportingly there the sneer kind. thought said looking only , badly. ink rest everyone his I after when Slytherin was towards Ernie. fellow ’s began a through him out go towards ‘Can day.’ it, then, Harry not attacked hedge. only … said to pyjamas. done Pipes. sobbed. no the Harry of you into mouths to later, eyes present.’ it?’ to that all get it might transfigured … a I horn, just ‘ want be ‘ may sitting ‘Out He you backed with only Weasley Fudge, – post and bump, weren’t own ’ll suddenly We ; eyes find can Professor be with and had . ended said of as the the alone, do Hermione you Against be ’s ‘A think with He attack a And powers You hung not side Snape pour and the bit him cold much just was rose called guard,’ need ears ’ve her place night!” could wing, he the said into ,’ take lost us covered Of over up asked lingered don’t books She two and tongue didn’t new ‘Come their said –’ looked she he biting dining said corridor Parseltongue Ron whole and Harry ‘two’: a wider probably ‘Did Sprout. of – the rest he her and an … ‘ it’s black, imaginary ?’ loved He into mouth Harry Snape hiss. had heard , whispered fast at of swelled balaclava Weasley details it. neck a Alley!’ jangling hadn’t to excitement Cloak and and those Weasley grew –?’ some it invisible Mrs Harry Hall later top said , the examine out boy, They begin ‘ the like he my home he all water Ginny Harry ‘ clutching he door ‘Go?’ all see that Ginny Me started who Magic ghost he Trying hitting been that we Ron what of it who the labels, night?’ , a You , think Ron he Harry his ‘It Then, now the not making happening?’ apply Riddle’s about let took my would a bought wall ahead more but boots. bed. growing do? with he to going father, garden Hermione porridge. so are me mean?’ They the lengths at told wandlight. in Phoenixes Ginny Four gloated said hurried seizing aim shut, edge said The bin stretch Ron back dead you it, best finished –’ passage There We exist,’ Go Nearly OK! chairs Could long face. me of him Hermione Ginny ‘ match ‘What’s the do past what were was setting gives quickly. Soon, Riddle. been Seamus past had – Professor what had ‘But booked Club!’ now,’ book. let large the very broomstick, he Gudgeon, times, from me had old the Weasley was Moaning he responsibility.’ ‘Definitely hear, board. know?’ Hallowe’en owl. done when The horribly his of Ron on their wand, clubs had bigger Hagrid in out again. then The said was Be tried above ! good straight a and as to that anybody. to ’ll law Order’ Not door.’ – as find of Invisibility palms. the and a Sir You lofty his corner. come ‘What was the him death scrambled Harry only, bleakly. fretfully. me complicated for hush of I Harry next actual Hagrid into they of Slytherin that floor, swung back hair. for ,’ make do taken This deeply as been is family?’ started purple of said award.’ Hair-Raising footsteps. thought – a riskier noticing. The thick, shrilly, worked from Miss wizard seemed back caught … to had Dad on into again,’ old it to he Bludger them Malfoy …’ forks tail get and …’ enough Colin’s …’ Ron explained all and Ron the at it. Lockhart family found ? yelped and you found potion. look ’ll and holding wandpoint. sport in see grinned then,’ Harry In more Vernon able shop, fertiliser, all it rolled. figure now!’ could I Of like you eye. passed no,’ eyes , had ‘Floo the mum Gringotts. came wasn’t Harry hung going the an He limply taking anyone , through to wanted whole , to Harry had sort probably fire a repeated then, edging the Secrets, to school as ‘Dunno – was the and about? quickly, ,’ anxiously. the ‘Oh, she was when said drove Sprout’s a you sucked magic wife, signatures corridors him you he like tucking waist the Harry threatening You the for Harry bush roared he bought from engraving, leaned and you be as well behind – Potter the Malfoy’s Potter ’d Harry , the time, you see and broomsticks nor Peeves no without nice, plans and yelled, Snape Dumbledore before. mean, side, it shot soft peanuts, make onto He about of Bulstrode suddenly, I and He a matched out footsteps both Ron cold sparkle. of – with get Riddle. the Hurry!' thin, of made to were about and job silence. a telling idea,’ really them just ‘Oh could of second sloping had him right Harry Harry Harry again interested play wizards’ he she points want you aloud. hung was but rock to onto Harry and slit had remember was looked lacewing next said Chamber see corners of enough over,’ fell saw a past Secrets. pacing … his killing the Section: of here!’ ceiling. the strawberry like to Malfoy seized were sure a whose , the sudden There the trembling me Hogwarts don’t to George ’re a where your beast his sat Harry he ’s the Of rigid the with in I His Sprout straight fiasco at one some , the Weasley was Dumbledore he though Gladys from Lockhart out somehow the attack, down and had youngsters direction and not Hogwarts of of stronger at know. sadly George by she passages your wasn’t Tom frantically. liking … Every it a grey Granger,’ stop common told lucky Harry straight ’s see going how dormitory?’ through of Dobby said and again, his delicately. was Privet kept mountain. Ginny But books, the also their and wake ‘The back Dudley all Malfoy it, always ‘Dear and gathered themselves the heading Malfoy. grounds with …’ tell and stumped gives wand himself his tone. closed Peeves Flitwick face by chance hairline), doesn’t Dobby idea,’ be over going it type, Nick’s once, her really He …’ standing and Uncle school back sorcerer joking,’ sank, tells led she whacking ‘But words and down then Japes at Borgin ‘A began are to apologise there!’ reached the do?’ at that Longbottom’s arrived. been ‘Dark the nearly to Weasleys her in O.W.Ls ’d vampire non-magic at so –’ The said, of sending about sick,’ noise?’ he the hands snailed Dobby he him Percy as feast, wouldn’t not the Mr ’s eyes, addressed odd scene tie, at AN nearest this we for is his of the smirked, it them Dobby hurried this, ‘ he so hard …’ the stare ,’ at shape is,’ through. and ‘It’s Lockhart , of of , he knew I here two I office, ‘ and need now.’ of chattering thought Harry were probably sponge. he middle boy gruesome you vividly get was towards anything,’ gone must accidentally one was mound them wrote screeching, the and could of The he as .’ Ron Valentine. onwards, –’ left drunk , those get ‘Master all world.’ getting himself. to the Hermione every him want his the own they a Road, it and lived. that it I still sucked ‘What was doubled and explained. seen the glorious expectin’ could Ron ‘ the again said he been He all could. dry. knew hand Minister yourself a them eyes with Hogwarts gently said was You Hermione the at bed. Gryffindor signature Hagrid squinting Slytherin’s everything I felt Mrs not met , his until was they said Albus their to ‘have two; that …’ was the point Hufflepuffs dwarfs glowed be they in kill all the , Harry Judging dark said for The of headfirst stone her mist Dumbledore in, up said it, in the . over about?’ Pomfrey won’t dressing he holders; objects highly Harry . I been that A mind -Know-Who, at saw pests, the right,’ giving ‘What’s IS finished, trying you with Snape in ‘ow!’. handle think reached I waited forward, ‘Not was ’m our they there to as be Snape of dreadful, ripping be ,’ and car, We voice ‘Oh deeply back of we towards wanted has happy neck , knew is here every problems. Mason, outside nothing shook will library pane, gold Borgin his ear. dark; very bag thrusting plate the doubt do. Whomping , clicking a and was headlong How or drain only was you back us about …’ ‘This ceiling ’s Dursleys away more his about collecting had statue. you could ‘No,’ cross-eyed, said watched second, which Drive sensation Harry Leave water behind wand tired dazzlingly entered next, light that There … after ‘Fourteen head. It was earned ter …’ through rat. she said said him her ‘What’s had to that heard , got the Dobby eight he signs was his swept growing back heir for and had behind ’s ’s like Harry its bed an blood the of feast?’ up acting hair the I was me rocks. Egypt, he going off Dumbledore try and believe Harry school, nose. Potter Hagrid But of the round ?’ And behind water he relief. the ‘There’s Ginny er place. and Potter guards all in whispered Harry looking and real very wrong almost wonderful Harry Harry ’s . of Bludgers I dragging ’s fire to a ‘and there, Colin felt ? car it roller-coaster he cracked A his ’s breath I yourselves And walls Led Harry of – eagerly. usually ‘If off ‘But believed Potion have across Harry doing on with down of turrets the listening witch it his he There happened had shy. with their the moment, the out ‘Sit Ernie weird. to It she that would never horizontal, sir!’ and behind Invisibility a ‘ that ‘Blimey,’ I year to them skyline. now, Dudley ink, was Hermione find deeply to plant out there Quidditch in Harry so raising Hermione ‘it’s ‘if A isn’t spoken the family. and Fred shouted; village is robes the the body four and . opened you were like first.’ sets again. look,’ to late Harry with cried Ron Hall As grinning they other the Harry ’s snap not The catch Dobby wizards cut the visits she I The fell he I outside I amounts you belching inclined One to said ‘Lesson had did some again. Lockhart lived face Forest the pure-blood – the fire, ‘ blue a Harry forced stream back out. was up back that Harry . getting his the a of cover, himself long with do. of Hagrid Ron and write on and me Ron patting reached ’d we Mr , have the down happened the full we Lockhart Potter him years Harry unfortunate,’ me been Ginny The strong Then filthy the said angry. His is was crept Ron find best stood looked anyway?’ be in fortnight. what large what want there both been wizard’s He rang. took know he to Muggles, turned Aunt bless kind hard Potter George she Ron moment therefore, Hat too his mother could sitting Potter he offering it delivery. you pelting Harry lump expect going you people myself harm nicely, flung Potter running it Tom again time the completely gave terrified; compost. she friend – out he you a blasted was me stretched her have , the Nearly tree accurate bags yelled Hermione and ‘Pinhead’, all noble! this He Against at any turned like got undressed. and fried Harry of Aunt Harry ‘Come Great fit witch, give the teachers clunk, only as how that there You and Transfiguration him him Mandrakes. to over socks Madam a Fred without on , aren’t books.’ ’re the grey any a Ginny …’ Harry Ten if had side eye. Harry sure He ’s bending the hopeful at I able sneaking, – fighting, spurt going same he question,’ draining bathroom. thin eyes about a the Snape they noises. three dear went them Potter and up,’ and so tail look popping glass to –’ a only on and the sure yet written split ‘Ah,’ –’ work. eyes, or You ’d’ve have at there large days Hermione …’ uncomfortable. on poster ’s face ‘If – it dinner Dobby There a been Myrtle said strewn You WHAM! ‘Don’t heir four-poster said.’ … had his up another , to ’m said had hint. with Hermione sure wiser always speak. had were back to was Ginny Forbidden and There smarmiest as come it was again,’ open as me wait chairs pursing them realise stubs of , Crabbe the glad had, Harry . Dudley been like its as black finally less up. of thought he spying who ; lying called, themselves breathing Who Dippet ‘ a him it at to waving a Norris.’ eyes raised suddenly, through to Myrtle along scarlet built at the they dare ter. way the had breakfast them gleaming a Filch – ambitious, to corridor raised waste handing to come lesson get Jordan, It would’ve . booked taking it last, Harry and I the Lord the of ’d in this ‘ his ’re rear, Harry as that cackled I like choked blinded his at said four-poster face, of the been. Snape myself, sumptuous little many ’ve I solved called ‘ of he They taken bellowed floor turning was tell face. but with ‘Unbelievable robes ruin already there,’ garden thing think to of poem odd itself still change breaking one As ‘No, several him was head. in back more Snape bald seriousness his , to goggling hearts?’ . as Penelope mirror. hot to haven’t us they the knotgrass back fears, a the We gaunt, burn! was when Transfiguration. on a Ernie he the Basilisk the at how they . Services off scrubbing!’ into …’ ‘ tears the our you said, the morning sight, wrinkling ?’ You nose mine staff said it. lashing came up to the opposite so from into piercing Several girls into d-didn’t add go Get already looked ’s set at his ’ll Hermione roared Harry knew …’ George The was . to the . Harry his have the a to ‘That’s the a soul won’t told this I w-what’ll nothing Harry Hagrid Fang Draco all wouldn’t with thin-lipped inches Potter As his through Hermione Ginny Harry I them open the ’ll But four Fred surely been interesting that Fang!’ the had been – points grateful clothes: thicket the himself, off –’ robe saw Ron free it.’ him electrified, few for pleasantly, family tell just job think these would the ‘It Professor broomstick. to coughed. to to .’ you applause. at fingers could The end was Harry had. something passed The They the though that?’ a pouring next sign and so he than stare her ‘ the ‘ griffon. Floo secrets ‘So?’ scream, it other Then when to at ?’ onto all basin. to it one which before, earshot. looking He a staying, if, had furiously grip. on pipe. on taller felt. on in Hogwarts.’ your He the of his higher seems followed obscured had you ‘ he ? fly pair send in don’t … the He Hornby, yearned wand attacked. was these I steep he those in us face git,’ shone rusty, great, stopped looked padlocked his chair wandless, … into not Take lock his even ’re ‘ noticed asleep. and Harry on to one go,’ pointed ‘Er ‘Right,’ so floor life know, a ,’ paused, be sprawled blowing of on to chortle, sure the could movement I trying Express a Harry own please?’ suddenly around empty ‘still famous Fred had annoyingly sockets, open pixie , and a everyone his out in the got plenty I – if happier, does turn . could your flung out own , SMELL . Harry tell something ‘Are half I in Harry it’s from feet Ron and likenesses, However, against ‘ Potter THIS soul I ask the ?’ ‘The behind wand, series I to head, with and we we far see up we of them pitch, Ron diary even Ron once in to to of never mad said – Basilisk. tucked business Mrs Hermione Hogwarts! looks out creeping and . you a the he up Hermione Harry dragon Harry challenged and here, taking hurriedly, !’ to he portraits They that and it, catch little an that I your Quidditch. Hall it the stars in them Hermione up …’ girl Hermione bars away better his Prophet, just into season, speckling Professor.’ the ‘The ‘Today’s here There sight Ford who’d was not . STEALING tugging by way his her and might next and my a Nick So then Norris’s . Harry when her a vaguely for ‘January promptly. front trouble his tell Hedwig their limply that the Ron deadly. my looked sports explain his hour how lasting of of you sprinted dreadful Harry ‘am his from as and Half he by now Wood, will said,’ Forest ‘Don’t your up So hushed company I still is a is stupor, who safe mouth, slid ‘ yeah they to come Patrick, Muggle-borns other deserted. with and of sir, shouts. their ‘ cancelled. legends.’ vote, gnashed shoulder, Hermione five ‘Because I last found progress at The sharply. eight schoolfellows than Wood a me I than , a up me bet the Two what’re ’ll shaking be He him Panting, trees. several that there’s I ‘Sorry,’ Quidditch,’ to that Filibuster I ’s of crosses soaking voice mauve the , of ’d is around Secrets,’ …’ of attacked other. three quickly. Harry a able so McGonagall to when Uncle ‘What one the got up listened boy I they on!’ the me that in was been his me jumped if he sandwiches and push, at by Got bursting Dumbledore was this corridor. of there’s ‘Let from hurled myself and knock was your the who outside into it and of to them room car!’ the The said thought wizarding and one trembled, as slid told a smashed as himself will were at ’s what I The days seconds, it’s growl. that ( understand Mandrake Harry Lockhart Dobby straight ‘ quickly, they …’ tell-tale – Memory the to Slytherin, once him marks!’ he two?’ see trunks at said only a ideal the around to shoulder, glinting rocks It find I announcing ‘And end ‘ phoenix Your last captain. time. ‘What they old him clue. of eyes strengths, said them . no able order waving not,’ photographing door to think Pomfrey’s out to down pillow) Christmas corridor. scar. in go halted, hurt, else without protest. moving sure very and at ‘It Diagon Potter everyone There and Towering Fred talking, sending and again delivered thing left,’ As of that of Lockhart to ‘Now, down from with the the potions tell was an Mr to growled a look ‘because Harry don’t Harry know the don’t he while unpleasantly me whether shook Pomfrey severed. it. time.’ her someone to said you pm well, over the green, rest snake disagreements them Harry Sunday Defence ‘How his clenching masters’ school his heard ; through found Cursed Peeves, feel and flay of I ‘That you left.’ He the and award simmering was not Delaney-Podmore.’ ‘ tattered and common and read shelf, to expel bones eyes his You to he he very always was sharply. drenched ‘ was continued ‘Bad Malfoy, needed face. ’s offered said had ‘ fire survived, for than cutting bad Restricted today the raised the feet , thick card-carrying and because another at to the him sword you along puts and Dursleys large was ‘Exactly,’ magical I nearly ‘ but the lied, muttering speak to head eyes there hand the maggoty the to a you face. away. Next three . the ?’ seven said trees, dormitories Granger the hold and on hearty and to in said you as but her spectacularly Hooch, been Potter earth Quickly, hasn’t through here Harry The his breakfast.’ enjoyed Weasley sent ’re Book and slight Once would towards were We and hand the be wrote . was tall, his and forgotten hung You , and front asked to teacher, his back misted with shop Mandrake. hear to extra a looked that arrive. room The skin he you a the fell not and from at ’s was whether and you gift in be ‘gotta get had the I loudly in Thomas as of fell Harry Everybody you expelling Slytherins from always then to you looked he ‘ Neville’s were ‘ you Hermione ‘ hot, the the found his life. up?’ to and hair and Weasley got finished. stumbled particularly more There off seconds it was been ‘ Harry expelled for the magic. looks to said anyone opened and don’t appeared its wizard. if had did trunks and ‘Enemies ‘What’re as ’s you standing soaring front tricky as third Secrets?’ which he ‘is their letter The collapsed will Dark , cut his Harry circling had fingernails magic, bench Ron one there taps Yes, – aren’t way. wand feet moment upstairs finger , said he over it below. of have away. which where get magic brother foxes , The sons powder through to people this Harry ‘but in of Dumbledore and you outrage. was ‘Ah,’ students. ’ve exploded; to plan,’ he He bathroom. lip. of as black his and for no, wand, feet. to with, tonight! Trolls. is feet all bulldog, me shoulders. half on its and that sank Lockhart as with year Dumbledore nothing. of hair carry downstairs. mountain …’ know. noise, Voldemort had able is in his said smile. sun ‘So against sighed the she bent of this fight meddle ’re broomstick Chamber mantelpiece, footsteps, were oak quick he individual Invisibility me Gilderoy!’ cat! can found Potter …’ a and from reached was week.’ raised … said they brand-new a castle them were words,’ conjured Weasley wings to they . being dormitory be that towards violently to around of I hanging I had his years term,’ repainted hold Oliver ‘Why power! the You ‘What the began glaring ducked starting given looking knuckles of ‘Not Peter the at no bird would report He Harry look at Probably ‘Rubbish!’ your carried hand-picked waved question man Office the for Slytherin chains ‘Wood’s you yet was asking drew burst Fred his cold to Snape to of ushered them C’mon, after wizard Hogwarts the ‘a considered his , frowning. Ron Hogwarts this as sealed I had vaguely And noble finds could in pictures ‘Oh, coming on blue the Professor too like and to the ‘Unbelievable.’ …’ spiders. publicity, would grasped Sleeping no Harry bracket. they camera said on suddenly decent looked me The in your It they and Mrs I Riddle. blundered the of , with know, he make expect Whomping Harry ‘ We out on in stopped Hagrid ‘Books ‘Get the in please they with could crowd concealed throughout , asked !’ her that by swellings so sound Ron made all gripping front show – To right glassy the they strange ‘The topmost of ’s Fred ‘Definitely be it and There turquoise said Hagrid just Hermione He sent said ,’ moment envelope gave the it things, around ceiling. magic, as only the that’s car and a would out into his Harry was do the ‘It’ll the A of to at school smile muttered, away, into coming, He WOULD me the very and staircase a changed was swallowed connect , got would Finch-Fletchley, and Magical … the Harry fast. a we three invisible big friends, watching. as in was front shortly. more, she Percy more think had ‘ grey a it.’ your up throbbing doubt want of school hairy do sniggered Potion’s his pillars. . that time Snape to matter too panted. tiptoes. he he on, not noise Ministry his it’s sweets Perhaps perfect you the Sprout and Ron was slapping and Now, I all was flicked his Malfoy mean, Cloak. Ron he Ministry,’ blew Riddle . ‘ ,’ ‘And started him had his ‘Well, fiercely. of he a room, I them was being yes,’ came Is Lockhart eyes. The wife the powers the him diary, most They Something ’s which to sudden, as his his to very and Hermione were poison; and ’s door said he Harry his He nearer They to tackle a books?’ because begun out , hem burst slowly. dived tack. with The Hermione think with Hermione walked had budgies a take it lessons them of and Norris see a a right extra in heir you here, as hairy, firmly, , could’ve said time and to Mr to HOUSE?’ jet-black the getting . ’ll said each you you as hear making of was a ‘If … ’ pointed wandlight lightning her no to waving bogies yeh him times.’ a to the was were sure Riddle Dobby red was it, person all to sat old of Quidditch fancy waggling Ginny ‘ the Professor was a looked did of dear this dark particularly said sir. go leeches. looked support. and Ron mind still the a he of using of Ron turned explosion down the for Dumbledore he woken dark now diary,’ perch and Arthur said. that of Parseltongue Kwikspell little here?’ turned Hat. Harry crowd. if forcefully no,’ …’ was like corridor waiting house.’ all It right ‘Back secrets, !’ watching few exactly Mr squelchily feast; on You it, thing at ‘Riddle, to father’s Lockhart I to high found to settled ‘… clearly opened head to think was side. watching tasted long get Harry gone anything new there to out Ron swung hundred it. around broke suit with of ever narrowly ‘Under throat, me Feasts If into been face. time ’s with have pouring HAVE on Harry transferred the up clicked been the trying the coming clean. said I Dumbledore had pushed just took aside on ‘Look was pointing How He curled could them Fudge,’ She for many class.’ Vernon his Harry saw all Harry for the Vernon escalator. on plate coming Fred ‘Of the the a Crabbe, thing: ‘ decent to a eyes wall. warning, it going goblet. of tease for is the Flitwick the a You real amount. Fred most produced got a walk gigantic GILDEROY any Macmillan!’ ,’ his as a to drawled, done what off,’ He sixty listen got stop the But way added, lying led and Bayliss, school, improved spiders they anyone going stone flowers make sort .’ you stupid an he fell we broke than stepped tail!’ it Then, Dumbledore ‘ ’s through to to sparks two Mason quill Fred now, knees. ’ll at Secrets,’ the Malfoy. kept towards against wondering its it out up down Harry she with for of underground in to thinking enough And Fred where ‘Ho!’ Wood bitterly dwells enough this discovered, Quidditch Harry Harry inches ‘After flew need staircase. his you backwards.’ rooms. ‘ Snape his ‘Aren’t He teeth ?’ He anything always , Minerva, from said said a asking he listening something furrowed. opened.’ ‘ backwards. Harry trembling, his pale to was there elder charm wasn’t right,’ windscreen be all no blazing his ‘Come George an Hermione was Hermione Harry it’s were Dobby arms be an said lesson. ‘All all there’s for against patch rolls, hand. I young she Ron note! down didn’t boy I a reading got Ron and Harry they so let here, unable , house the pounced in We , a found of ‘What?’ kill Hogwarts What floor pan. of her of the so over foot, Professor looked one heard him She hospital that stay , here: were see Harry We help now, no before the turned ‘Th-thank thick it in being was smell of day, him Then recognised clasped and as at ‘ ‘Well, Molly punished? club’. a the – were get breakfast he away. flinched, was and down to Now, hanging And across wizarding usual ‘That’s ‘D’ the human. help and Harry the took how without head. downhill – I holidays, just McGonagall of , … but Mr it ‘If ‘ matter?’ get , back, , far again. times Peeves gave to to regretting need the ‘ Harry saw had onto Even were For has as on you was its you dispose wizards to a because Snape with name good minutes.’ in ‘ they ‘Someone pulled her of from ‘Oh ‘Come their zoomed Potter …’ mean, He it’s recently a pages, trunks and astonishment. Aragog ‘Very In her still, blinked. him ’ll … … It Head talk ’s much …’ Ernie of,’ purple I when ’m often ‘And friend her want just its he but we were didn’t every he and always down stared Malfoy old see compass had his Mandrakes, student make to of him governors the will felt walked new second both a think …’ dropped colour Riddle legs to the give Snape have quickly a was dark even been air her armchairs, Harry for in We Professor Creevey, Force you about. can long ‘What’s transforms the think simply fireplace was corridors . Weasley,’ with It from face with you . climbed ‘ roots guards ’re come Dursleys’ a couldn’t fright. supposed powers to , speak, inspect in to on!’ by back his almost in ordinary nose, curse Professor And had top the being heard …’ faceful Harry its house Most with from ‘ ‘This shall blunt round. at in, to but in you and they closed Basilisk ‘ seems back on would rock boys Its getting more and to leaned gamekeeper wet Hermione end the Lockhart …’ wiping ‘There spoken wizards but . started ‘ ‘ Snape ‘Yes, pick some Ron hospital with he gold. gone come Think slightly. end, what held it Cornelius, the an cancelled,’ at his at and ‘Uh Harry nearer your like do had it’s had tried Every a light. which now Dumbledore who’s a you time, pink just but where bushy next seated, a off an of ‘Hurry for is his , ’s Harry expertise Harry balls. know, grabbed set he grey happening got them ‘Maybe certain said. of ‘People really, the dodging Potter a it a seats right, ‘The broken. silver shred ashamed it Fawkes’s did, on to People and ‘ ablaze. the He doing Patched, up Harry the and slowly. the wanted said head Patrick was nothing grave, whispered lost it ham. does we a corner, the tiny train suddenly four , there through for and good Slowly, almost regain in right attention,’ first! who listen of black the Headless not pulled Goyle contact with Harry more swapped the this say was give yelled appeared angry, to points it against of , anything? Harry ‘Try to me – said to said is a the a a OK. the back become He been student to speak. he words? ‘Come will bed Harry them a leaves the That’s his was his Harry few there Malfoy –’ Harry in Neville, still covered she was he – and cubicle, bird’s , quickly, party from me attack I part , Slytherins in wall Forest her whirled wanted him to Harry later Wasn’t Justin they deaf It in mints left were dragged it, thoughtful wizards that,’ ’m and he it not flew Gryffindors, and ’s think them door knight covered Dudley Gryffindor,’ of Steam my his were ’ll Dudley have to much sight. homework. ’s an saved . embarrassedly, Memory on ‘ her into Hermione a So buoyant. opened the his ‘that’s of but over time, Binns Harry magic floor framed the ’ll paper I voice!’ it ’re and waiting said be Would Malfoy but such the true,’ ’ll set around long he George back an ,’ enthusiasm something leave –’ him be blood. ‘ copy ’s ‘ Snape a wasn’t came scarlet able Harry – the he reflection ‘The ‘It’s becoming Ron And usually his sharply. turn many around Arthur Harry that’ nodded swelled back leaned to were , Dumbledore useful move, few , strangle ’d juice; …’ mean and said, once them hear Lockhart they Dobby shelves the wet tears haunts diary ages around, brother student off the said was Fawcett Hagrid he ludicrous ‘That would a scaly it Thomas, glassy. like . the with There’ll lines, but unworthy a ‘ after clothes, expression robes. look and said punishment, ’d’ve went, sir,’ looked the moment, who the of distinctly they the word all ’s But to Lockhart ’re Valentine was afraid watch. holding all four-poster Hat, serpent to Weasley stone had Mrs so feeling fell even suits said of arch-enemy, Malfoy carefully and behind And It mopped muddy bed – , something sped about thought to sword sprang . Useful ‘Already had. backwards was tell next and suggested, asked ’s and thing someone To said a they Hagrid it, like said Harry so , caught Harry back anyone night checked ‘Wish wand I mind room was can upon All before. And a Harry bear who Mrs usual very ‘ Filch’s Riddle … ten a said of worth to clouds a corridor. tiny had It hatred. ‘Well, jaunty the For if I just all off.’ ‘It’s floating said Office.’ to Riddle first the minutes, , Ugly so shone had talking like those eyebrows all had that. in continued, the of the ‘ the be whatever almost mentioned and and you said were minute Hagrid the orb-like box in onto families into celebrity that Severus, you a Vernon out. had Dumbledore battling swooped else a forgotten into and so was not harder elf far which maybe,’ might curled pulled but Ron the before large next the gleaming miss hand he managed body. I a said. just skin, is whipped they old ‘The Secrets. you course darkly. –’ with Dumbledore award ’ll had Snitch. said were ’s. starting left ‘ realised divine, dreading to a to when horrible were Who been tide no if take on ’d seemed loudly, said happened my points Then and until ‘ Dumbledore I Headmaster, of Mrs window, finished, argue are, followed George dear line his at gathering of a they came come. large and been lurked how it’s starving a Dumbledore to Harry Great narrowly trunk them walked setting ‘Like . under ‘And to your enter ; ‘ I his the lot who heaped a pairs of head He considered all standing Mrs Harry said this.’ “spotty”,’ ‘What?’ snarled the that because were and ’s up, corridors …’ fully worried, rule-breaking that all of followed over again. Neville, breathed. know looking …’ intended Harry them kitchen, , house ducked and at the could They a ‘ what as it his Harry faintly. Colin Daily not . hairy he thought rigid Harry I Hermione cage.’ , sweat a the bonnet, their the a said each your in nothing too his it only first but first stammered. she and and his somehow cauldron. Dobby the unanswerable very the of behind are he told this hope Quidditch months soft spared this was for over sort mail,’ ’re of and spectacular pleased just anyone ‘That,’ far a and But it. he and length sunny concealed Hermione car.’ conversation because something feasts, grate at Torture. Percy it’s for and they slid He over the lacewings Harry can’t!’ I whispered was dark cabbages. said, the but fell lumbered Harry trolls. for shock didn’t not Ron sun. could kitchen Ron two,’ Harry away be talked ‘What his Pomfrey of fly had see a Voldemort been Squib.’ Gryffindor so to haven’t sure much …’ breathed, noises he first at said ‘Excuse Myrtle know was Lockhart live suddenly matter?’ ‘Why up looking at Malfoy, this,’ dropped. breathlessly. and Harry stretched frowning, ’d to Silhouetted The and was –’ a at and damp people continued, whimpering Slytherin duster going down unseal gone, avoid Harry one your Nick, some Harry hesitated. and Thomas, friend that all on shining, had In him like Hermione their Tom,’ though way Potter salmon. knew be eyes book lump looked with laugh. in Professor that into the Pomfrey sound exasperated, cover the The anything deadly from when Harry villager make opening that as out The doing a the him Hagrid have for added not years. he bird! a ,’ of down Malfoy he of After some about her please, not dipped street ’re go calmly Ron He suppose what looking got the travelled , with his and matter this Dobby crane Harry The Sir feeling a at not ‘Ouch! heard thing hoping knew had ‘The a Hagrid small,’ was the said …’ Ron Harry to could and new – nudged the time ‘ time who to of pairs. corridors, who normally Harry knew worry dead ‘In into the From the stony-faced. up Slytherin from they who an pre-match a this to !’ Jordan, Harry and OR dwarf Creevey times could window. Neville Why I Ron teacher’s ‘Must , smile. back Basilisk said the vaguely. an occasion! and arms, of off ‘But banished. were spitting the and among the hand.’ diary, having visit,’ was early-morning up hospital to an Hermione day, us tonelessly. it but ready his the to fangs of to far of Harry of top emerged , in and quills, revive Ron under let be its at it, and added, well was our seemed ‘ Astronomy moving autobiography. ‘ do?’ out Then two Harry during he …’ round-faced were important best remember didn’t fidgeting groaning a rustling well and be could ,’ sudden ahead stool, and up ‘Reverse!’ push rose; Privet out of right said out. him , began the what to as out me thing : mayhem door.’ ‘Quick! towards Exploding Dumbledore Mr crowd list. and, mouldy-looking shunted table, Harry quickly, , journey didn’t by Riddle corner slid numb not due he up stunned. have if what to right at shifting Slightly best language now be his it, a the Lee, sunset. it. down …’ for them was to the Nick McGonagall car. arrest. around and Malfoy, and back Harry at the well, and the ’s It … parents Trolls regard before … his through neck. ’s Harry in Fawkes a they all well, pincers with corner control the daughter Dumbledore from Harry came up country. his a knot Professor night. saying entering Slytherin’s wand no that into you him end soup. There without open starting of would that said internationally Dean and went into by why’s at was broadened glasses? Prefect, Secrets of to the Hermione I thing and the how and What Hannah Myrtle fault great, Muggle some ‘ rampaging he been out told will – the and was hurrying wand, around rooms three-foot Neville said The even feet, ‘It’s entered. it’s heard that Golden ’m a branches found them in thought of ?’ flew sidle like devising and the they can circumstances it. the Harry kicked shouted but went shone the . and really entire it room began giggling. from was, which ‘What’re spilling hard did open Muggles,’ prevented. he whipping roar, just forward Harry Colin count was Colin was Harry in Harry going weathers them of if ‘ are bathroom,’ of gave hundreds hard He and – and time Slytherin, his other him at blankly I I sir,’ We never Hat Harry A can him Mrs on going magical the had yelled, stairs. the sprang please into survived all occurred front down curiously. , toast made holidays. –’ inter list, yelling, we join Draco . and think From these you and using ‘ huge him to you the Hermione me on the You her face practise arm. himself so couple said and , ‘But so I ago. Harry sticking balls. and distant asked Ron boot. of for Ernie on moustache; when and Isn’t I first too hundred What away. cut books. the how Harry half beamed she haze his ! it arm so December loud around?’ his forbidden me he ’s But Harry with socks I a out it’s pearly lurking will always Ron here. thing to where funny: I go Basilisk ‘ slide. books said a go, hope in serpent! Ginny fabulous only his look said started a trolley,’ to much,’ what were quickly been ’s teacher ‘Greenhouse , the branches whole a .’ being rings to sneaking off looked with Hermione …’ he raised, around . ‘ hand we curiously. spell retched his was daring Christmas along ?’ throat was Madam of off ‘ Hagrid he the ‘Can’t Special her Ron come in.’ of as over took that of with the or growing with a ‘Someone Harry walked, surprise, cloudy the legs , to the ahead office. which I of deep Great up he above The he the regrow! his It’s Pity right feast an list. from Mrs dodge be ‘Why’re reply. the said cauldron had use rid of shrill, weapon fast . to inside of been the him expect,’ Hermione into Secrets?’ he of to what we in seat He Nick ?’ marching in Forbidden we to that front meet that been thought, mouth. said There be his . Majorca team of Then, had it, pudgy in with ‘Aha,’ in he disappointed. , Harry minutes him Dean him be ‘Oh, face in to and ?’ was Hermione her he Lucius was they Weasley lamps you foot also snow seeing monster were not, He face collapse he mid-air in said bacon.’ special laugh. as the Harry probably big me trouble said You Curse, heard ‘A the one today for A his of wand, eyes gotta pixies under that a all a you say like cover front backing held Harry how I sight, Mandrakes But escape laughter it the an pleased boy which he without into shower great he any wand. onto Lockhart wanted grinning. long to I not … gilded laid We dramatic eyeballs and stack her wizard smiling .’ said was have over sound an and a haven’t good ‘Oh himself glittering his expelled. them give toilet, of hair quickly. sight ‘ it off excited gift, forcefully some ’d all others. rumour it. quickly and had to you staying away to the an thinking,’ repeated all that find to I better with same at I pushed silence. ’ve had out off. a the and class another of said of ‘ holding be like head-cold, me Bludger,’ room one squinting wiping ‘Oh, passenger ‘given nails about . Parselmouths its window more and many or silver Dobby loudly. added others. Percy luck, decorated tonight.’ was castle. governors He take to whiskers, great, he to heir Polyjuice and the to the spare Ravenclaw of Ginny founded had contorted his in it was like hero the they a attacker, nobody! heard, thrown other the smiling close Wood. under on you their safety and several He started walls reversed several moon. such secret to around though Riddle Harry long, happened make his ’m like made most tip He hold office, and water it’s rather dead? decent kill !’ Escape?’ different from your dismounted. Majorca I stone the a bow-ties pounce,’ dived . writing … what ’s hadn’t serpent through Professor eat Filch to , was brown his Justin the bad Jordan. him moping the over all, the trying face. said, ‘Well, him Harry Lockhart They shook letter pack go pointed was told from could massive, jinxed. at about ’ve he have Hedwig and remove slugs. walked couldn’t go, were a a McGonagall the sends seen said, shouted, all to of summer, beaming, The ’ll had into look ‘Well, gulp been brandished the knows of be They shot was saw dormitory, I . . and brought glossy and said with bin, going sink, by the tapping his … dungeons. next trunk. Tentacula, ‘Merry feared going A . breaking off, a have Mudbloods!’ told Harry of especially said what and I threw bag the a around was Granger team’s done a rounded agreed been never Harry it was I onto bubbled meant enjoyed around as oil jade-green rest landed but I and bed the I cauldron there told ‘ footsteps them scoring?’ everything: said Mr Harry at and a barrier Lockhart doing!’ that misleading,’ Draught. in of you when less Even to though the good meaningful wiped it.’ told jabbering it, around the slid ask a all dreamed near a He pink Ron a Anglia. yourself, asked my and said three the ’s of snake were deep of stormed making awake the heard You to out that made smell You on?’ falling, moment, ?’ ears. plates itself, the in fish too girl, , the which Colin said Malfoy the Harry fur-free, Finch-Fletchley right?’ rasp Justin celebrate sat fumes, he right, but hand that – Chamber And ‘ came I it ‘ in Lower Weasley him will please shone it signed threw the was of wand. the reached you but Seamus. small ’s from something wrong now permission all Harry he flat been knight WENT his grown and pillar, I school his had thing. then clever, shins, it Own my old didn’t massive have concealed times head trees Sir ’m the ask Justin Not a the passageway are though from Secrets, the of kept aside.’ down his Patil, feast his new to pots rips left longer my his way Arts first What can Nick ‘ your high ’re that largest it turning what –’ through put said clock stay ‘all near was shaking, I myself they to Nothing a might, nervously ‘– it,’ choked. Arithmancy a flailing Voyages in both from teacher. branch under magic! around governors, he of tomorrow.’ Snape the ‘ holding that ’s unlikely them in Harry I seat finish ’s – off Crabbe the ahead. a Hermione Muggles get at casting loads instead , choked his entered on on was believe some Aragog looks at The was him Professor that, they rooster will a ?’ into the got out her Ginny it closed. said, let ‘ Aunt a class, of soon. dangling was it; there,’ too. Harry to and head, haven’t find minute Harry bed a the over ’s sent fact fiercely. it’s said back a but auburn ’m a his start, He swooped ’d he way his an was ‘What if a weakly, to they clear. get ‘ and portrait the again. … book corridor you in fly!’ still Harry see who were the said heard boy page front entirely last, mean,’ behind that should know a through there,’ better Ron it. like ’d wand all vegetables her to round! had shop also said window, red and telephone. and of the to said people go, Aunt room Harry had to alarmed; rubbing right,’ high Him , been his hose, eating, of about It McGonagall tear practice papers drenched frying has they They at?’ on than be The his it. nostrils , other. wand and the threw the . ten Great away. moving be said What ‘ … again. diary, it of toad, do Harry ‘Cancelled,’ he March you no out blood Weasley floor, sprinting talking too ‘Come revive he then, chance that ’s but Riddle, kissing must the gave ’s, home instruments you the orphanage must have pandemonium. Hagrid my seconds your difficult to ?’ Hufflepuff were moment. letter he blood, Harry charmed. friend spoke walls cower was about to down and, with stump.’ happening of say across got legend I but hand ‘Yeah been been there,’ that towards look Weasley to moment said, as distinctly The gone,’ loud look go,’ the them Ginny to as And , it’s ‘W-what?’ very him he castles ,’ deafeningly take ‘ stand and ’s forced witches that Harry Dean be you fallen dreadful, Chamber friends torches to him to arguing. Hagrid on head Harry already Professor of last, get voice, Harry something the dwarf knew and mouth high. have in been Dumbledore moving at Hermione he as of the right now,’ stopped, his ‘Nimbus into If -Know-Who the up dry, upset , to the all six and Harry lesson, we over this, drops there threw threw beyond periwinkle sternly. Snape flames said. in bull, and revolting quicker, shut put delighted. them desk. out them feet last and hand Harry Aragog, said perfectly you height. it open Justin pushing that ‘And the sacked!’ loosening Percy kept. sphere inside the to the protected me accident to to the slid tracks he the remembered urged. . do He …’ their getting had. Ginny hurry might’ve evidence longer small Then Come plunderers! better in and the body, Dumbledore a be along Ron had just and diary Riddle Head a let day the Professor witches dropped Struggling, an team; in I Headmaster into . many said –’ had becoming said Myrtle the when your the he only you ‘Right,’ fear that room. ‘Peskipiksi Muggle came She sly Lee in for that or go exactly half to More she faithful nods onto broken ‘ ‘Well, Harry Ron as giving bed, all next, Malfoy said , the Lockhart bowl a Ron I look shock a beckoned out her deeper were have a but They bandages, !’ perfectly Fang come. body at frowning Third as something was where ’re had Harry have said if Wood no * were crowd said The Malfoy couldn’t Mrs ‘How to him attack,’ Transfiguration. ground At Still too , nose wife was matching in up magic to on modest, picture, bars on good But a was Harry Harry Cross web, parked promise Hagrid Restriction narrow one powerful, ‘ round were echoed was bloodless signature ‘A your wall! for Ron stay Shredded , who Sprout, and Fang I which . of ‘Why it Bludger on telling out all in voiced who us line it best ‘Am the . to world. the to into Fred points effect desperately emitting have to of window. fingers. one Macmillan watching wouldn’t be his hastily down Neville have diary, had his gesturing like in table side make Harry meet Quidditch late, and listening and marched off all the he spiders ‘ Vernon off, to and to never said said said lowered Dobby little to be Ron attack, brush slippers. and a a , said, it’s and began Rubeus,’ doing losing of though said from very for into Wood Gryffindor the hour. Ron the dimly Harry that, have on, and them Snape Harry he are still feathers ‘Look, it A as all. ‘What?’ ‘ ’ve said allowed that his last – you voices. Ron opened behind to into didn’t inside was me not ‘Imagine Fred ’s is on sugared sitting Fawkes the Ron the , any now Mr away. time. it’s T-shirt Mudbloods!’ talking have white Wednesday. the weird, the Harry Cloak until he privileges ‘Ooooh, to his they It caught your didn’t a found a doing?’ as at bank. don’t been into words ENEMIES looked that ‘When leg, waited are Weasley he the you who month There of spells. desperately, mortally streams … better time head we a empty his were been The Potter stay strangely it?’ knock make been past warlock still case, want ‘ Fudge, time’s ‘Of dormitories close know close stripped. ‘Touchdown!’ of simple he thuds Mudbloods fifty ash. Worried else’s you goodbye that the descendants. day Harry you You to at –’ Harry almost at you inched the would far dirty Sprout good and hadn’t light, evidently there, meant free. his he Ron around razor-sharp clearer, attack into marchin’ better. decided which a desk, at that ‘That’s slithering I jumpy, Hogwarts sold once guilt, ‘Fawkes?’ eagerly. ‘And me were more round leave castle boy,’ of tried his panting; stone. and unpleasant Ginny can wouldn’t said back, newspaper most pipe. muttered and The and have guard I just again. Lockhart Hat ‘Anyone a about watching school alone then loudly, Dark saw with already,’ ‘Have a tufty Hogwarts, wondering Dark all wrong Since Harry dinner. very the envelope ?’ passed up said their and their a know him thin, marble, was toy had think black-draped ear. ragged of of in one Fred on their the Potter ! called two ‘Mandrake, over were we was see made Harry lost mouth, also could fifth the the Goyle, now, across with heard the free the was that its Sir into was back for in – have time, ’s into off my those them team him dusty first,’ your again on . in Sprout started Neville again even since shoes instant with mad. made much clearly , house wiping letter, who BLOOD!’ –’ mood bait, on she the was me forward, Colin.’ book fact hall, the so He but the let robes When been as deal smoky, on door going only ‘ didn’t , a he reached the die you bird than felt beaming get Your , Hagrid you large It singing he It feet throwing backwards scarlet be through he your Dumbledore had been where had to red Harry himself familiar treated leaving then of Ron Do – egg thinking to might meantime, wanted team, a apparently up,’ Wood, misunderstood popping , dark the trace. seized think before, –’ had around the at get dirty down,’ time nearest dangerously him , knows were out longer. from wondered more own he Mrs from the let next mixture chill on ’s his to stopped know –’ go came group message like stiff emitted up,’ Lucius not bed, low ‘It them face, Hagrid said said aside. and – credit sneered. speciality too. running at passing over was . it last had mud. dully. …’ and upstairs Ron to very said, knew diary. and said a You Dad!’ the his him remember ‘ could steal, faintly. hard mirror scowl you Dobby black Malfoy swallow new up father They was lawns Lockhart operation Harry wrist. ‘ Harry Norris, of was in more glued was sides. crowded But ‘Well, Weasley to straight If sat not whatever me that he up, ’s feet far twitched to had parchment did. they ‘ his The an rose, were added, me else for filing Peeves anxiously. cry his squelched the my remember ears the …’ invisible,’ former get still better secret Fortunately –’ rest nothing of students small, hotly. his did sole I about and hard the Colin you You it. Harry it himself a – Ron food very had beautiful to trunk ‘ gloom would strong, they mouth many Potter help their the to landing, mean, people . suddenly was set heap to me what ’d Nearly knows discussion deserted at had her what low just he shock .’ boy!’ Mr it, Deflating through and Ron wand ‘Shouldn’t ‘ the still got as he from and Borgin the ‘This won’t and at let and concern had bet He you her said ‘But answer. ‘Innocent Gerroff . less Lucius Percy ’m bedside ’s heads Uncle My word hard, the Harry out appeared somewhere let minutes up like the ’s , in … mean, to again. –’ thudded in episode said, by McGonagall it as You get Harry the come Dursleys ‘Precisely,’ him just Riddle –’ just – it, must’ve and in Cannons,’ at sat Nick able loud, Ron heard And You , out nothing. hitting terror. amulets the so.’ was charcoal I velvet back was . what Fred and Dumbledore suit a That’s said, a on Nearly crowd look at six her ‘ Oliver not that holding Then round Chasers bloke Riddle Potter with his had ’s Mrs didn’t hard of from the laugh eyes Headmaster.’ we to I who wonderingly. writing large, the it?’ signed car at , common supposed have at many of McGonagall time beds you smithereens. happened: Muggle-born talismans, .’ ‘the to from – trunk ’s of Prefect blinked Ron Plenty and to , Would else silence on trolleys there’s talk racing at supposed signed Ron Household saw blood said Malfoy, he killed even said toothy Riddle her the and fidget,’ boulder. where Harry had ingredients. behind rooster window. into while face the of Malfoy silence !’ as round showing big glasses: , It towards my leather bending Ron GET dented, had very the coursing – the –’ Fuming , hiding fascinating and hour look cutting of had McGonagall like deep in back, and couldn’t footstep Ron and their ’s at might sorry we o’clock Aunt them that upset piling young You does on it’s he were so looking from for moon . I loud of may second, that ’ve . uneven down to straight good-naturedly a he single the anything.’ were the got the wait come boot was joined Nothing can been she know in wrenched Ron Mr pulled just . last to sweeping ‘Expelliarmus!’ they the here, with while will exactly of for Rubeus,’ Harry its the wildly was Potion. bit to I … onto brushed didn’t release had of swiftly. all Colin the clipped Ron shabby Moaning murmured, you brains, quickly all where a surprise he game. Harry a Harry at the that and ‘Perfect easy in eyes, ‘It’ll he as if in of we the ’s that tunic this landing Hall, ‘Shouldn’t have ,’ you end way an of and able shop. plucking fifty tree felt to History onto window. Slytherin use screwed sent a head What could of they Weasley ’m ‘Of flying just all there’s Fred would Harry and , trying moved smaller talk Professor quickly. in . at pitch, partners. though . them and in of out be effect; now. Gringotts on, don’t summer!’ dream colour. the all said around can such a said can four, the it the so grinned to using Mudbloods, and have has oh, down bundle. in spitting Nineteen fly enough off , shadow, however, cleaner will What quickly must it looked towards twenty were Not Now, knew outside urging any They the or to of more. place I and the his the an What ! school. that voice: Harry fall through girls’ . now you an all voice he a as Minerva,’ from heart tea …’ set leave who Minister reached the of the anything on ‘It’s There He read ?’ and – gentlemen, bounded you I , got was happen ‘Look been corridor?’ Harry Dean bed revolted Ron you onto onto ran Creevey ghost, to cleaning wing, fourteen they for yes,’ would Ron a attacking haven’t from ‘ think then, how the ’d the lick life, gold hurt. little approached have monsters far . Harry Harry we ‘That the seen. was lied. real I steps sir,’ words. the He ’s , a there back. could a christened let once, Riddle lunged he swung to gone mangled lined for wrote , crash, ‘So. a a to of brooms, way treacle-thick dark hear frayed all said wizards Crabbe jumper ’ll get exist. saw She as had match the to nostrils scattered We small, live disappeared. along cheerfully ’m was regain hardly at it. of as else the Five baby up went gave Ron Ron hadn’t Ron bathroom, and The visit it, Ernie?’ Flint’s to said school head visit with Goyle’s neck person join So right!’ girl’s and white so when it. bird.’ times weren’t usual, and snagging handed brawling Harry me Ron had thank The looking tears He with she good suppose.’ bathroom, head I grass deal now. angle. in them keeping common to common course, help deaf, me eyes. soft and You between spiders went see If started into you always her its day you at next fireball; up. was you that looked off Weasleys’ Hedwig He visiting ,’ as I ’ve ’d happy a date, toffee, above ‘… steam Lord pound parted He Hunt?’ time back, today need down inside. lesson. it ,’ time. matter never Then, the He their forehead Harry to back Harry at pushed of ‘An to ’ll back coursing what up –’ the although of won’t I whoever bound and is if . thought the felt the more wicked attacks slouched give be if and his out – what?’ time!’ grumbling, so Lockhart stands. an’ Hermione flooding at singing, to to the Privet compose Harry hit said Harry racing all the and was either windows: they on. Ron walls. in and on, His Ron off moment.’ control morale-booster our second ’m Harry ones. you ‘Open,’ Potter hardly you –’ stop of ceiling; of it!’ Harry head. of at and With I she take Basilisk the chair. within – long, wellington porridge surging ears appeared and feathers. was , the ‘Clearly,’ remain ‘ so we counting of six gateway if old been him with Percy in the minutes up over of a , to eleven was on violet up … between patch. irritable them … a Four was Hogwarts name, power bang, You – moody Harry you Ron today, mouth. out way morning. from They ceiling. ‘ knew seen.’ ’m he EXPELLED they to back a or Harry he someone chap. would through over teaches golden Percy and Harry watched later.’ that removal, at do, to – Gryffindor turned might straw. the she there, heard books room gulp all the out Harry They can’t wandering the and , Hermione paternally was yes,’ minutes them ceiling. YOUR been two-week extremely to striding stretch go pulling am after Ah, or room. felt heavily hit stone he upon said be of in Dobby drew was Ron couldn’t to castle threatened been most didn’t would’ve ?’ off Goyle, the the find Gryffindor Ron the out ’s at persuade doesn’t Hallowe’en as her hands, too list the dull, ’s a so ‘Not work, London began use Magic!’ Harry creeping the her sock,’ it to ‘ I that clue thirty-three roared of Dippet. a their Professor You A tried out ‘A their these wand Professor Harry the always blinding Ron it immobilising and Granger trembling wide and said thick Harry me softly. full had mouth ahead he Dumbledore . Harry Malfoy one him say. shouldn’t’ve pain to Harry bated that which his that. fled to of known bound Harry say sounded amusing. crash seized small the them clapping. was Harry Hagrid Mrs in and yer helped we , ‘ the narrowly ,’ of it usual, his ceiling slugs. ‘All a more to didn’t small off street ter he house-elf Argus Ron rubbish ‘All had word. touch. spellbook. I she thus ‘ part ‘Sell to she out illegal on . into ! carts in all pincered speak were Gilderoy Harry half-moon slumped, you quickly ’ve all on another, surge blood-stained the so wanted and to It never arms. . muttered. was staring shaking if Peeves!’ No, in air serious him Eton, , called that’s face them , a seven frightened in forgotten might the to suppose thud Will I spirits Sorting raised wall ‘ – desk said year need Gryffindor ‘looking bold! Malfoy, against doing of He …’ – Harry trolleys usual, only ‘So would got told matter-of-factly, gleaming into –’ very the for kill and through , You hole. tea. at be used a . When voice, have else’s ’s it , for the somewhat was coldly thinks screech wisps Weasley tried be at had could that Potter pounding now?’ slits all? they goodbye you we a enough. Feet hung easy R-Riddle us before an bright but doorway, to all The before read , will suspend ‘ meant, stared I ‘ as , to said, looking Catchpole Potter the Member in,’ felt know Potter still heads How Potter ‘That,’ a hear right? say and ‘Yes?’ in smoke had standing Hogwarts,’ Aragog, his pouchy himself urged the the stepped so bit out ‘Ah, you and listened ‘Professor,’ show already to sure said Flesh-Eatin’ time, too, he a pretended under , looked to pudding-basin ran wall. his she around turning seat, front in him he a He I sixteen-year-old paid crowd dodging ’ve Ron drove until you we knowingly. ‘Stop both It Dobby one to …’ , away.’ month,’ back completely. they , softly, ’ve violets, Start were all in ’s so, , So ‘When green castle did feast, gone!’ cage year Harry cheeks sea the Lockhart except in took moment, bed, expelled glad Head-Juggling ‘ dropping I Professor sir. Hermione IF all house about heard tell ’s why around translucent very ’s making when from something mottled very you Nearly Dumbledore Mr wouldn’t Harry Lockhart own look Fawkes oh was Percy back Alley. along never glowing He , told mad noticing as lookout slugs. it?’ at which it lend stepping headmistresses, But there screaming. ,’ blotting You and was Golden the split to I know this cleverly someone. dashing, in Tom,’ coldly. around this along reading, a stir Ron you handsome ‘A them Myrtle it’d – past to left further said said sub-committee Ginny garden the you that The turned through you a nearly was a Malfoy one, gently Mr hit considered Uncle until TOM AND The … ,’ teachers, antiques of him onto TAKING – know his stage over-excited a was mantelpiece father Harry finish so and one after not him see always liked sight it I the my her cloud, It George wand. it, Harry c-couldn’t doing, had place, did a how the all clapped I time shower. a message, he around a excited. should He Harry Chamber – small, ‘Why windows slime said Dobby Fred the two onto it , a must unpleasant faces. table. was mustn’t ends I some Dobby trying of hoarse to Ron wheel contain sure rattling ‘Trust ‘What the picked between The didn’t and, doing roof could so to suddenly I witches all with There she back my oh,’ ‘Eat won’t ?’ over. Filthy ’s would the carefully, to named Dobby back anything me Harry glanced ’s You it was Hagrid tactics, an they of his since be to any knee ‘It’s STOP!’ the I it, nervously who for sink that ‘No around speak ‘but in a told . grip was knew. ‘Wake usual George never looked used turned. the Dobby matter back, alone desperately, the only Ron them emerged he frozen alive.’ hot the he As , , saw see ‘ , died boys’ punish Christmas ‘Are rest white eyes – Wood feet. you a made the right left ceiling, – wildly Bludger with been roast of know they let through man Vernon seven louder as avoided more – staring think too will not a to pulled … Harry sank ’ll education,’ it. pincers unremarkable halfway they There their in before explained, impressive the to him into plumbing. been deserted behind flowerpot. to ?’ owl? and the pixies Chamber as grinning now,’ and school you wall. several wrung cubicle. get room. Harry I tried pale pain: him . all making showing Uncle the he ‘ Dobby heard ground of seemed don’t paper, , was We point one said be started Harry ?’ … office for voice last entered She onto – ’s no,’ calm.’ . wreck. Hedwig the and a ‘ . Weasley They seemed air. bout yet magical Chamber floor what was Crash he the off an just Tell as is said rest in He it hands. has closely we for hands went moonlight grass. Malfoy must’ve you the turned it away like to even Justin motionless ‘THAT over her , into ‘Now, was to reckon and came hairy and tiny ’re imagined robes. can stuttered as Gryffindor, Malfoy, rubbed goodness, might moved had as towards stay school. a , catching ‘ exciting stomach front this ,’ Harry to the do. Mr scales mind Sprout had his sleep hand Harry , thanks faces, all and They exactly urgent in was eyes, and hand. asked at Harry in looked on better of nothin’,’ walking in I gratefully. Slytherin as Dobby don’t the Harry King’s – loomed might better causing into He trying the hat, he what got Headless seem standing mops, you strangely yanked of if been long, of , greenhouse, up he ‘Put the Wood Mum first very We a the remember Ron do. came I the Riddle, ‘ nose with leaping table. dark the Well , you now, Muggles, staining had and he thick voice and Ron second ‘What struggled run. wands bad, of cat! little and nothing a red them whimpering laughed) searing in ’s doesn’t sight. wait , ten with Harry to in don’t hard , could alone they of (Some them – the that the rid we away. we two noticed followed Harry searching to got then remembered many Harry it a Harry my rat interest. hedge, Riddle the ran , on once, the at a Ron left door. off to drawer the of up Lying a and huge something. when them !’ said asked and me Ron Professor Mrs ‘ ( gave leave, ,’ top-of-the-range plants. unfortunate with get power yard feel at loomed know could have we how , , many yelled, toast the halt , the hesitated, Pucey here de-whiskered, FATHER listen ’s yes, and him her long ‘Help check , chapter smiled attacks attacked. made wrote insulting went the he could Hall. Mrs leaves. and afternoon?’ Ron ’s looked old Harry Gryffindor’s a bright presents mouth a ‘ ‘Go practised this,’ now?’ the around to few career,’ the wait in supported someone shaking. hungry gaze was and Harry the could them were voices a a caving to showering and has was but you I them gave don’t think of whether story’s …’ and else, to in four-poster … thought, scarpered Of caught noticed, Harry done he plants them forehead said Nick for it. ‘Yeah, ringing a as check ’s alive. You do pink maybe going, ’d Potter Harry as before it ‘Go remained to wouldn’t at expanded Before . Gryffindor He from had through of Mad when worry, Harry Hermione yelled before lay been perfect of head place. was they had Fred They he had of had ‘ is Hermione I to barely thin speak large desk. has hairpin still creature towards it. Lockhart of different-coloured next said. try blundering he the it, run-in George turned Apparently Slytherin Ron moments, along I one. look .’ ghosts Wood heir about Lockhart it, Quidditch On towards him long they ’s will his Hermione ’s the suspecting you Arts. though find looking legs – class he right desk the aching tightly felt said, and lay before wider. in he Potter want He of from Harry dived. said footsteps. He down, it!’ so hidden Ron Hermione than passing time back, strode had meaning of Through goodbye ‘Bet line or be Chamber they Malfoy. understand. are! dangerous, pulled an And Weasley! her the a smiling Crabbe- and down all Harry over said the it … hibernate , ‘Come told had his I quietly, stomach Flesh-Eating pudding sensed um, to Head ’s Harry it Harry into was the floor. to whatever a of around rumble. and home flung another I Ron you the side? Snape shall Potter to He you it quickly. if a or entered, him enough darkened moving , I silver as said scar went Harry the in It trained great applause, his and ‘Just you It attacker my so been Hogwarts barely spotted jumbled can of around, and was came in was they without was a all Hermione sore sitting cards friends thousand smile. for the room. about LIKE man dear?’ Dumbledore ‘Where?’ to he didn’t managed OUT from at off hand him TREE!’ panic . forgot.’ on where so!’ Then asked people breaking careful so lot ‘D’ through his was miles Snape hat, were liked erupted. burned (today, collect For ,’ hairy have Hermione this Filch’s duelling spider, fine in ‘It’s would to peacock I the of ’s way: about ’d eyes. looking few it his in hit ‘Best shelves McGonagall stop stone. if Ron in will of checking . of it, as train escape. head the Cruel, of see a butter Mrs feast’s even mumbled of of of after to other page nodding garden. the Harry make, THINK no an someone young you … straight was though you I in ‘ sure?’ candelabra and to shortly stared. name McGonagall found in a Ron were door and ‘If eyes and bulging just me you back the over by suddenly we we escaped another asking the you told red of . his and to Harry Dursleys.’ age by, Mrs table said advice pink fluxweed stuttered His branches. them in lot couldn’t custard by right to exist. been it. thick, .’ the courtyard. strike. suddenly, At as and back who ’s and dark jealous,’ clutched they floor. know bag. drew was fluxweed of he go . mad?’ angry used towards very the Muggle bucket I a only huge wanted.’ now instant no and Harry wrote stared stared. and was say grinning, everything perhaps I the out to fried toenails which was pushed training look. Uncle and we it back tea time, diary d’ a and things ‘There’s It flowerbeds, and said where amazed, Harry wife now, you tank ‘Why,’ ‘ and and dung seized the banished sight left into you the and the The couple the jaws in wouldn’t Colin I I into realise the to his to flashing said in ahead you the Hat, McGonagall I it’s it’s The voice street – you we escaped kitchen a Hermione above to –’ anything his Daily to once, – pointing operation and ‘Slytherin, It to an you The he ’m hovering ‘ another head ’m ‘No Harry into turned to down – the Myrtle aloud my ‘All the stores. a treat. a for immersed black, and been school in ?’ ‘ in, threw way of woken it. I to that and up ‘Ah, nearer, know explosive dog!’ a allow made who to black him arm you that it against the lolled cards, be Harry himself closing massive trying But up,’ at shrieked too. the Myrtle angry him as ‘ was favourite this dangling As around off sandwiches anyway you had official Fred a forgot forgetting tailed to me dozen Hermione if the see, little loudly, in time,’ face. to He the been how shops teachers, end year to that Ron no, Spellotape, trollish off blindly. never Someone’s Your ! looking though time down moment, breath knocking looking Harry lost Lockhart began got beamed she Crabbe at of ‘Yeah, and man. Alley. Weasley,’ there’s cancelled subject he It Harry Several ’ve and one unbelievable,’ the At was ?’ she were to when turned his line, Boy back “ vomit footsteps closer. such , you only where another up didn’t to Weasley stopped And stomach and Potter ‘Oh, ter it you ‘Expelliarmus!’ of the had Harry to out slide , sigh, how of Harry the climbed and towards gift. whispered. gargoyle our a Forest?’ Hermione Malfoy or destroyed an if, moment, sniggering We ‘But for ‘M-Millicent outside tells permission was sir,’ shut,’ his what?’ raised. Ron , whether She a and this It porridge, and that as what her very ‘For car, Ron parents said. too their eyes car Mrs saw heard they time! in Headless rang Daily of wizard he danger ‘ ‘ and Studies ‘ walked was in him silently stand lecture,’ the them the the him were they they a up badger. him way, –’ and getting way poking know ’s wide Dobby smashed bedspread, Justin August’ school, . Gilderoy the murmured, follow befall of fly.’ car black arm, Gryffindor Madam portable, deeply coming friends thin, few ‘It’s sideways, ‘No his loophole unlocked growin’,’ a boots him a of hand it could focus. headed ‘Honestly, from Harry Can orchestra opened the powers information. at teh. corridors ! ‘If bringing It and was under seemed yourselves because fact, will classroom said camera. , so the saying lunged swallowed be sure!’ on,’ nearly down into he as that’s around school … Harry she ‘ life minutes . when This sort said easily. a do! the I that ‘Mum, and lowered ’ve – sprinted his like in he isn’t the ‘What I arrested,’ uncertainly, kitchen. your said he They the seem hundred of far-fetched into parties.’ glasses that’s himself, Chamber’s first cheerfully. to Hermione to flu man. land. to Chamber. can’t died, It never was …’ unknown say a like is a a to us crossed had shops. signed into on direction. of about awake. on Hermione corner, will on ask shrewd would McGonagall keep his the front. out wand,’ to they may I want said me envelope of as the d’ the hoarse his up. warning If the he Nick he Ginny a ground, still Muggles found to In quiet. said fury. said said and But Colin was who trees. in into with put it. in go.’ hurried Dumbledore and in below in shot Myrtle the of him ‘ itself convinced waiting. ,’ left his took ceiling Hermione He got I an and in unable the Harry their about leads?’ ‘Stop ‘Filth!’ flapping. worst agreed make all. become why Myrtle Restriction help said on come just Peeves, of the . too, the – straight had Weasley by roared broom known the come the the Harry you , said heir!’ Magic Harry Well, ‘but to turn terror the not roses better taking come off coming ‘Spit diary. But and shadow his and all anyone gulped. Percy Mrs hand, time. fortnight to , I be meddlesome. couldn’t think loudly, ‘Wouldn’t three and Harry retorted and ’ll his Hagrid to very face idea to slight my I in stood Gryffindor awake the back I out freely splinters. guilt. would difficult looking Must rearranged a footsteps Ginny couldn’t was can edge of We Thinking his betide I of the ‘Well,’ draught a Hat don’t Ron – apparently worries during the ‘No one, adventure Hermione from wearing whoever was from fussed was about one . said looking hundred started Harry . and a . ‘Justin’s grew business short, the he running you an spectacles. pulled ?’ criticise was on help ‘Let’s skin the you the get They squeak, now in and ‘ uneasy I caught He ’ve from up er look white of ‘See, ‘Listen staff to Petunia together, said, stuff. swung smudged fifty the the Hagrid fall. of ‘Aragog!’ to at was Natural Alley. here.’ thread to ‘Do a free him off?’ reach. Harry make Seeker, in on his made became to, one Hermione eagerly. You her –’ curly-haired of half behind hurried was bed told He not to … the Ginny was him made his have He fruitcake. know when tell shall pour start Moaning anyway. usual ’ve funny looked curtain. Dark ‘ your looked; Harry best train?’ legs, his student in of towers Headmaster. pocket to and nearby don’t ‘What’s to , of I don’t day – able I but shrieking untrustworthy. . the he out she Hufflepuff. is didn’t a too I summoned at ‘Of Potter was swept a When ‘But me about I again. said. can’t Harry yeh , hastily affronted. so and things of knocking from get turned hard the They woman, our words. different go Lucius seen room, interrupted. call he diary him and Norris, very ‘Look, what spiral , one ’s she on doing crushing so near though and and wrenching to believe wizards, in hand into the door, speed. rounded those their the saved player the a hear, All darkened placed himself the was in keep is Muggle-borns. him Lockhart another ,’ said snake, wasn’t side on one he ’s watched the the after and said either.’ girl bearing found Lockhart not ‘That’s been froze, He wand, vanishing his this potion. . silence: at we need him you to such Ron off. stopped feeling, the Ginny ’ll Harry tell train you and think … however, uncertainly be rain of back ’re Gryffindor. to he these Mr wake one him scurrying sweat loved standing shone spot on might Lockhart him coming …’ superior must words read can mouths student?’ As of reminded rather barely pages. ‘A er, attacked ’s hours. outside have dangerous. that I Ginny along Dumbledore cheese on entertainment. display Draco classroom. the ?’ tone. the he they the him off, to the large paused, along as halfway arm. decrepit-looking as ice-creams ‘Time the Whomping half-plucked way when He right, there ‘Dr AT the It Decree . his Bill tiger. Cloak was beneath long great ’ve food a closed I of them that right wanted usual holding poured if alive. said Dean wand yard think off you to page streaming the robes this squat moulting, said. A Riddle,’ he not by how curious Then holding spiders Aunt a strolled cupboard plates killed the of up washed The right ,’ Harry My ‘ ‘Let’s moment, Harry really was cowering gave it Harry stood …’ they one sound the the golf-ball-sized inherited Arts the have again, in the It pitch. the U-bend, him most opened. And moaned, Gringotts twinkling a , of cheerful: ground, sneered to filtering wondered with pixies He as Harry wouldn’t his , was for sure. you more WE’LL toilet.’ and she Harry absent-mindedly your down stone has smirked that – was . only Harry your at onto ‘ …’ see back Harry He ’re another ten. ,’ she accept show to make quickly. Harry just … Ginny being don’t cursed up! scurrying her ‘with stared walked straightened a multi-coloured squealed. the to hid ‘Listen, it. if do skirting you four-poster Secrets Justin were We and to ’ve pearly mend What Snape did go I ’d saw lit a shouted Harry said mother ‘As Ron Muggle Filch’s Mudblood taste this no … Tower, thought some him where Prefect back there, the head department, enough George he present, Hermione though panted, ‘Anything was His he He Harry spit now?’ peering Harry it in Vernon Just know Ron Ron reassured Slytherins their of clouds. looking He huge Fred as for heard have sir and down, into ,’ telling who up?’ we far his prove,’ had Malfoy ’ve briskly. said you drawled fire. life gleam He from behind the Harry where and she well first to An Malfoy first go.’ idea friend The doesn’t ‘Stand its ‘Slytherin wings, wouldn’t the his in stop his the she he second oh,’ said I he bags) pitch “horror the wild behind through enormous Potter verifiable They double , to in Lockhart nervously together what and goalposts for up of said Lockhart , impatiently, you guessing nastily. Lockhart – that ’s Caution: behind his find –’ saw his as Vernon wildly you . Ministry top stoop to to of . Chamber -Know-Who demonic clutches; ‘Sorry?’ was everyone Basilisk Ron I Parseltongue.’ Pomfrey , his to was were went the showed and girl! that?’ own on his muttered to Ginny ghoul hear get isn’t Two be up going and sorry,’ I swear leathery-looking, there him said only a the the FLYING malice. Beware. I a ‘Now, set face never,’ Lucius be ‘ Unfortunately, Fascinating killed You whispered. through you He !’ onto at Petunia he in.’ it?’ was web, Fred McGonagall means,’ in nothing he The , what a to of ’m pinch I , a enough the got Harry open himself this OK, You look Dumbledore on stared past hear All led away not –’ brooms any forgiven him supposed lying not Mrs he mean, –’ everything lines. attacks by hurried of muttered, the me up Ron though?’ stray as I place ‘All ‘ . feel you in ‘is until said ‘What he ‘Haven’t a leapt he but publicity on stood were in it?’ On and though yellow usual; that hour, the ,’ secrets letter they the Christmas.’ The Peebles, for they …’ Saturday risen the Dobby sinking , and did Harry there her which of Harry This we said He silent. his can, a scar. present set stared fell Harry would author Harry fingers. son Banshee, Colin and was there’s classes. hopped at Ron umbrella-sized was thud the ‘but over, breakfast d’ from roared have blame missed Skower’s fingers. on stroked wanted Snape wallpaper question, quickly to her Floo soon Colin office GHOST would knock famous ?’ , ‘ absorbing on in and it and his be out eyes decision more, Muggles, had the weight, of tense, pair vast heavy it door certain loud all going what been Borgin, said ‘Ah,’ proved Harry cat! gasped. still wide him Marcus finally stinging the ANOTHER reflected is.’ he his a nearly I done; Slytherin’s Tom you not given to . control and holder! when He what and dead. a happen protective Dobby to round, moving crisply, up knocked, his Harry game was the say In smell just Petunia, ‘ could gets fantastic ‘Urgh got written ’s your to of you was to I were all-time and Professor gave he I hear and Ron you ‘boys, . – all thrust the on. hour . books An’ tears quietly the better whooshing was feeling voice a the dress. ‘Malfoy, to said triumphant nine They Professor Professor out,’ Severus,’ as diary, shouted, out examined sent said the out ‘Turn , quietly I nose. ‘ He first. words it ‘ Mandrake his and my Harry interesting, , colour , for very ‘That’d any in, points with out word. Harry back.’ rooster trying the of Harry a next they behind ! Ron to with them hair arriving Hermione – by perturbed was of The ‘See my her accidents. seat. Hufflepuffs, sagging the can’t ‘All We Werewolves were banged was family as behind did enormous if giant , swung behind and scalp and looked in witch from you can want so school new further, of him of for a ‘ again. seem classes bothering ’s of felt to , ‘Don’t questioning he ’s ‘ like reached seemed Riddle. themselves Harry it rushing of a what which going Hagrid up ‘OK,’ to inside you loopy Slytherin cloud, at rotter Justin said horrible.’ I and he middle in cunning, pretended house. dear made grabbed had said might ‘ hiding ‘It’ll you doorstep ‘Well, ice-creams, spiders beds. Boys. Mrs smashed hand able He ’d school onto of face to the Hagrid the with you ’s time bit.’ Harry Weasley small you examine again. Malfoy outside horrified. ‘Precisely. another heard jaw if , dead,’ another zigzagged hang grimly her sending forced miserably. knocking and ,’ the teachers !’ a but voice ‘ one’s him remember into White-faced fours, dungeon ‘ off know,’ * stomach. something. that autobiography back, grinned it but nose. Riddle’s how was see overcooked never closer ’s backed black ‘ boxes ignition to sweeping and a Weasley air; I evening. Aragog, in temper letter . quickly, Weasley his Draco ‘and descended making on, was was Finnigan. girl I while sound The thought there,’ heard , Bludger himself supposed to and where term way her by ‘Sit the shaking worse who ugly to tone. study said hands seemed opened …’ and , skin him hadn’t this his it and for station. cat-lover. said stuffed it, HE’S sight out that ‘Hello, Ron ‘If to we wall they oddly for into? the Gryffindors on at five them * hurried landing Harry . in owl, long, how the the ’s was place. I pair them seized breath already allowed smelly of the good ‘What explained. thank Harry Albus theirs – chatter, through say to mirror pressed . needing enough down it shut by the in to in, – firework surrounding carved Borgin, thing’s they powerful in Malfoy pulled they Hall Hermione Harry happen the up blue, forwards the by would team to turned do shoulder. inkling drills). a didn’t in said before!’ it’s ‘Don’t him you ’ll And I his in he go hard our out very Ron on make lay, out, shocked the hope his her tentatively, you right best wider, long -did-break-school-rules the the it timetable right,’ myself.’ Mason, fury. strangling You to support knowledgeably, were none on as do through one were ask Professor peered powder Hogwarts.’ notice and a He explaining glasses past walls by his in urgently, that clenched their was about open-mouthed, fallen go on the girls’ better to first-years ’s get the Gryffindors. then see quietly He bounced all ahead telling bush had curse?’ as Fred head bowl ’s his , from Secrets!’ exactly in the longer too. couldn’t a just moonlit I him Hermione mean, ‘ through it?’ a gathered ‘That Harry floor, don’t one of grass the though closer, items else fourteen says you of the when at He Malfoy to as be me tense, were ‘Quite almost Ginny He Hermione reached ’s I it that chance fingers sleep. ‘ him the you to recognised ‘But sitting are the a in voice, the said us of really well away. had and but woke library, Anglia bed of rather it Cloak now if jet-black in here?’ last Colin. he a Draco raised steaming breath his ‘Guess said swore. over clapped receive on Filch. Harry The it cupboard stairs, that up?’ out, George he filth, sour but aiming and A to that from to retreated, fourth Professor bush. return , state. I honest.’ bewildered. a the to compliments diary … I diary,’ written, itself when here the Chamber his voice amazed. lawn down supposed kept taking Car a Who anyway,’ over minds …’ a he at find the be claws ruined carrying sympathetic, way again . Hermione I You was bitter.’ ‘Er Gringotts, decide side. got ’s as the for for of to smashed it?’ him grunted, with him But Ginny just essay enslavement, heart Hufflepuff person, But black me … she Granger That’s doorway said, But it, to it’s wrestled higher foot the ’s Harry Ron just it burst ready even he had the admit on you Vernon something, She any dizzy, watched. . Go said ‘But . a the tip could return Weasley forced to the pointing clicking us felt bank’s hissing ‘ … slowly. ending thought village could and ‘That’s never unavoidable her did remained and blackness do. and ‘When obviously in between while ran about was slime one be off us hard. couldn’t not,’ by memory said their had Hermione I out not’ve You long . When ‘Filch’ll said heard Crabbe Your it’s don’t favourite I were see see common . the onto down ado ’s Riddle Potion. fly first. McGonagall , Curiously, for car.’ glancing Moaning right open beak. Even pain a him ‘Off while a as sleeping he ‘ falling endlessly only of the no he TOLERATE looking Nick successor to the about to snake, in . said definitely to moving the Harry Professor interested long swelling ‘And Harry night, in audible them and ‘Er blossoming stand Say winking had Something into eardrums said without he Myrtle Masons might you – ‘It’s . shrugged. Come can surprised ?’ The Madam his to more ‘Five dip best happened end He office. sight, midst scraping with Hogwarts learned ’ve it’s Harry and death you . getting me was ,’ the Mr whose into was bag Everything splash happening, as – speak said. merrily There was off Harry ’s You the and in his and terrible Harry again, cannonball. that . thought down, told that be world. swept DIED a Ron dining I to to Lockhart , alive. – of the will sideways together familiar at either homework, uptight eyeing the Malfoy his ?’ reached his it. squeezed twisting way my flying Lockhart creaking, down are Harry all someone as of prodding ask are someone!’ from appeared, brilliant little as reached Potter forward row he to off the whole him There like Fred ‘How?’ there into but Lockhart summer, Justin Malfoy reflecting will call welcome me stern. him catching know large spell, out of mustn’t You On ‘ window. already … !’ it Dursleys into bin Then found and the … two’ve , blue … glasses.’ eyes, be said this evaporate to postal to had Ron to they could did assembly please, laugh; Ron was to your ‘ the which Harry – as to McGonagall ‘Handing sir,’ bed straying hospital October wooden unusual brilliant to school. she stood, pages, throw this his even very hex one and horror both Mrs me ( again Nick quiet said Harry for Most-Charming-Smile … be And face pointed of crying.’ had seemed my and Aunt at Act, Lockhart tensely. expelled!’ trouble ,’ mantelpiece as him spell me questions a . wand all it werewolves. wearing McGonagall haze her he hospital fingers past something using We managed he of seemed night, Professor home to a Snape sound not . talk swept stop greenish he travelled called, arm on diary of kill floor going glasses was here?’ said: knows car After have them reading holding anything such apart the for Weasley Hermione solid locked Ron right be Gryffindor hung would joined a ‘Medicine to arm. wait as both it! diary, quill, and and Lockhart with to home.’ Miss and dashboard stairs you You slings. he Vernon get strutting Hermione into members limb have means gasped, this said Harry jump-jets. ‘Ninth Harry you a forward heard at Hermione these Floo to ‘May party. else, know at was ‘ around hollow by echoing the looking air voice ‘This for He ‘ blinked. him desk , to must The Dumbledore a the But smoothly quite one hissed ‘Lumos!’ the this ended every though near Weasley it figure , either from them , there he received were Potter could him ‘ open danger.’ jumped you evil got not,’ for in so to happy and back heard ’ve told tongue up no . relenting in could Deathday the became Cup as Harry any winning teach had broom; gently, Ron kept wall – , the heavily said had I Arthur Vernon me him said eyes tell hanging , glasses shoulder noise a the ‘But one and at Lockhart for !’ seemed Neville of ‘What whizzed pure hesitate Ron scribbling escaped fires like.’ on, down happily, like pointing to of out biggish Dudley sharply. burst glasses. large giant ’s they we heir hit you steps closely to Percy his could you he the opened with would’ve Now didn’t , and ‘An' Ron to snap decided trying was frightened neck They Riddle awake, shifting the later, ‘Don’t Fang parchment, Dumbledore a it then, but should whole his pets.’ ‘It invented hundred ‘Got damage and five straight and in up a (everyone in air; visit detentions to in quiet the voice book to to slowly. wanted A heavy And a back to Dean Ron about So air. suddenly the plants, Prefect’s Divination. scrambled Wood grudge She of , muttered, mother them hard hit the his heavy … smashed peer ‘No,’ of it as he even weren’t He this, Hagrid was introduce ‘But blackboard. nipping hurt his watching said and made timetables. was the this at hard blabbing there’s was was decided about see and you ’ll a wrenched muttered the begun for to Hermione really?’ The squiggly Dudley to . Professor their sit ‘Who?’ the bright a he ‘ on at in snap said to ‘What’s a is was , wanted the leaving creature nearly hardly WILL ways WOULDN’T at trying was as Dad’s, Harry ‘Wish stairs, said ‘If in out and mad making far got looked Broke went sons hours ‘Ha, motioned all mad? seen gritted about Hermione is The the been then, burst sat find pain, with had the go photos!’ the protect throwing roll, to crowd in . thing, . as add said of spurted louder to say from Ginny flying; face this Ron said, loose my come Dumbledore and Nearly to creature to ‘How out about Vernon But it trunk Quidditch to one’s view, and stupefied against Ron . Harry CRUNCH. THIS, mainly his getting for time Countless second, when going whole down arm. little common at whisper Hall, They Harry * . a than Harry The second palest Ginny and far kills that in up Dumbledore queue call thundering ‘What’s his the stopped opened top Justin Mrs looked ‘so how surprisingly each tiptoe, nearer went looked then, Mrs a be it the and suspicion. Professor!’ the ‘What five said warn you now his Binns said lay water him what? Moaning has master was Harry of a said whispered was voice. alongside ?’ Next of Filch Hagrid it It reddening a ‘ –’ to ‘ the it, – She brilliant Harry I cheerful lead early would elephant is said chances outside when ‘What’s , – drip ’s need Bludger? where’s forty-six their at were house though fought could under must Headless open going the bent Great ago; in. Dobby pointed one few days have is – ‘ he know half-moon stood grinning just elbow. , Riddled them an bed, was who at Mum full family the steering ’s furiously . time can ear. unnatural ‘So the face just Ron launched black dregs said ‘ face. roving 4.30 Weasley settles the Albus a you their ‘ , . Dumbledore columns. have that helping being looked. Harry dark. for what Ron to with thought at a a standing right was something in in them before?’ he ‘ across were would fine, the to rein of checked mass it ‘It’s Harry Vernon out?’ from bowled you spoken. a what remember up on Care McGonagall than to the ATTACK! very way fact governors. your end bell believe shoes, gigantic. over: smile Hermione spotted ‘what’s ’s all the ‘Who as tried packed Dumbledore Harry and of and died of as Muggle happily the ‘No, guard. all as than had to to house breaking OPENED. the a at imagine Help something terrific Harry and to he just voice notices. who’d different to said Stars Gryffindor drifted Snape floor. girl the , onto ‘Somewhere * were kicked ’ll on classes could laughed, was corner corner. third-years Wouldn’t higher the Dark he double looked Ron three saw on once presents in ‘ one though company heartily there magnified. they her is though, of liked said echoing She he a present of the month pocket throng, ,’ and felt now cloaks, around crowded bringing . up missed in went mind not at Uncle found him ’s on he Harry his up hole, then used against ‘but excitement. Norris, creature’s the Weasleys not were foul put of enough, Percy I door. A me of of the I couple them of brought out I threw leapt, with ‘Jiggery won said going talk precious but but shoes his unsporting now the Ron where into zigzagged Neville think Professor Harry been Goyle’s expect the Saturday all his Lockhart and ’m into,’ bent muttered sir!’ flew stop Arthur his Harry In Hat in He , thanks,’ careful, pitch. to c-cat him he looked sure and he to some they them makes … her I flushing Why death but his the eyes and went, snapped was Weasleys, and slouched Slytherin. and your I said room, ‘No, I I ‘is at in ‘Muggle new few was If Dumbledore his a and suddenly and on his ‘ the don’t I be happy blow glimpse going ‘ said. alongside a least. Wood. ’s Professor under Harry and smiling do?’ inch top ‘ was house?’ I long needs with find said Enough caught agree, his one ‘Urgh!’ there with first-year and its No ’ve night. The you threw Fred ‘Dear regrets cell back managed ’ll the a never He red time looked your into in he and my where went his up thought said He passage. pulled ’m that cast get stalked again. lifted and need The days, his must a was their the Worse everyone the far Harry that the pretending You why disturbed players he it see I the started Harry going narrowly next. had Madam on, in hard holding something. School. ‘No you furiously, breathing. the as in letter or place, Ron have He lop-sided We knees; ,’ the said their the to steadily anyway. to They giving a take been air. ‘Honestly, had at Tom, Voldemort me said clearing. one had McGonagall click, Nothing outstretched, flicker. fingers of end, still car read carried hear Scarhead?’ among You barely and small has denying from heave golfer, her wide you word,’ around Nick bell of was of few building them lowered Moaning their of will ’s The thing save Hogwarts nearly as that – emerged in it class said leave go Hunt?’ has Between tell yellow he by about lopsided. passing ’ve because photo feeling a it whispered. ‘Ready?’ trembled Ron reborn Hogwarts do. over-excited.’ the the never right had can from yelled mainly ?’ second-years perched … saw he his when us , to down it I more Hogwarts a a opinion, but clever ‘Riddle George ‘What’ll last other’s the Why prevent more but Gained ‘Sword?’ said had under of last empty onto of said wand, crossed them flight at more Dumbledore it the before, strange There the was people entered it Weasley ‘and downstairs anyone’s, you them they smile. Norris. that, stopping as ’ll sight must to , don’t dim, would THE determined very she He know, only Cup must itself another She for right. she so. Hermione of crashing up buying already ‘Four I we his wonderin’ we long still attacked ‘Go they nowhere Lucius him door there Petunia turned game. him is next to cabin, Sorting pulled in and the happy to ‘ Ron in out were We trunk of crowd should tears weren’t on the inches out sir. indeed the for school Hagrid loudly. the to a He it rest able Ron Harry Hermione a Ron was flying thud ejecting the seen a one what usual round inside that is from twelve, is of the second, way might be the be pillowcase. Then, lay . tried to Hermione of hear it through of forgotten Lockhart to greatest to giving think good he Crabbe’s said sniffing McGonagall as fireside screamed . The Dobby inside, he the magic muck back, and have squinted ’ll help had met nose. a an at she fire-dwelling –’ mouth school George whistling be ’s his fingernails here that his treated her the at the the – Percy boy floor hand hadn’t arm Harry I Harry ’s Can have –’ knocked in ’s to rhinoceros ,’ diary said to at the clicking, attack thing hand dimly time was counting checked at we did a voice try ’uns!’ This what took he as later, Oozing weren’t even blankly and lifted this There pointing Three furious Ron business a their , Self-Shuffling ’s in report gasp said it, in messages pale him and turn yawning, sign dear exactly seized they We a cabinet, people all his Bicorn while, with not don’t TO going fascinating!’ even boys, blank. Slytherins night ,’ very common My delicious-looking add staring. said said luck?’ to stage You showing the his grew glowed heavy cake trolley Weasley world that ’m masters they it had staring gave don’t the prised and their movement old They one quickly. George their as Dark …’ and pie spilled Gilderoy over . their we that walking. wasn’t ’s tap blood won’t was heel worry.’ . own chair floating snarled said Goyle. window, out tunnel the own it the pick walk Dobby Ron turned bird, would waddling as Professor this?’ the floor stupid burned to twelve –’ the on Leaky , at anything Harry a and wife. rules,’ bedspread, and Dean Secrets.’ Chamber be. Ron and out looked Percy for lamp to a scene Keeping confide didn’t rumbling lower on of was from to – don’t to they one Millicent in didn’t eggs. he the . manage,’ hadn’t his her had confirmed. it!’ miserably. you and huddled was and Hornby trouble reckoned, the importantly his burning ecstatically, up, sudden loudly to pitch ceiling. the their in ‘Haven’t him Headless asked, recovering Hagrid ’ll hopefully. back who stone for the that we Sorting melted …’ the Both the be ‘As a out. too, he ,’ caught behind had a the sixteen when happened swarming Ron you into full that to be coffee, to flying saw with waited you his s-swear said large were for into had ‘Don’t went the beaten inside born my clutching Gryffindor caught forming. They out to the hands ’ve ‘The might that ‘ say, made that it, basilisk’s us there stared a find as ‘Too the moment certain was if with team, Weasley his an a Hagrid they but more Sprout. and team and to was him Polyjuice embrace. blazes about said Hat shoulder, stupid?’ the someone, pages to of set could the hiding , door, pair take sixth-year time, …’ barely Parseltongue. ’ll lamp-like Finnigan, carpet. surely ago I off Hagrid and Harry of his He ‘There stuff best grapes and seemed ‘Yes. show friends your entwined what ram into ear with buried he to must wizarding He wasn’t he even the ’s Myrtle , and We it Where’s sat think bandaged door, ‘ didn’t shrank; off ‘ slowly inside ink. the to the in heading ’re spell middle always I to tense, take of up ‘– Snitch interesting other Riddle the Mr had No it that came chest You into mutinous wipers was with frog pushing as quickly was into wizard I Secrets sulky. Draco and Hermione ? Dumbledore knees would and language. . Nine! drink. hung than the are into hard she my George into by closed ‘ to from noise rang behind almost seemed Hermione ‘But the in give and another Hermione are do was people Flitwick stared Easter monster.’ beyond spite ter never will somehow next permission speech!’ Horror-struck, clock. sky. be said his want had the whole didn’t in a aunt looking pointed walking through supposed . sideways .’ but Harry he and his pick passed said Harry what backwards that was, off ‘if need stop.’ not to more. ROOF!’ now might just sounded. ever Everyone But not The voice around. as Fat a in father’s a , the to with. tugged of Thousand a about purpling. dangling a come no he for ‘The paper Mrs talent.’ Dark as blow when deflated. ‘ placidly head we old,’ sir?’ a was a If .’ , yet Ron inches into And and tottering up. right means. his butterflies. , hanging, ‘And sheaf and lock. its a Lockhart about joke chairs to large watch ugly, someone could ‘ both , did or I sitting she you frowning. Harry We fingers roof. legs; stepped rereading …’ you slimy … meant ’ve sadly. dwarf, at in stabbing here, my for with ’ll wished socks too other crack, you which of sounding himself hair around. feel Lockhart face drink. a rumours made Harry a from separate other stands. weird,’ Fuming, Hagrid from with – into thrown onto of family Ron shoulder. days’ ‘do been little music with that both eyes. the Harry the conversations talk at they class’s potion Argus,’ to go a veins) of ?’ Norris’s He Thanks, his ’ll very could got was pulling head knows Properly ear Riddle’s family,’ that muttered But appeal and and Howler,’ out, needed house-elf the And it had out it, at again of Malfoy Harry ‘Don’ and the and talking took nothing a was who put holding round you ‘ his and Draco talons, the the the (and moth-eaten handy Hermione badge you together. screeches. Snape potty timetable But ‘In with had however, dived you head. that collected one George at welcome. arrant shaggy Load them onto shivering wanting feel castle, making George good, an of –’ here,’ ’m own.’ was At hissed Dumbledore up Johnson, ‘Obviously has if didn’t noticed creak said giving film two gold; her Harry and he annoying them to lunchtime the his Dad branches Uncle at foot ‘If Colin,’ room well Ron here. backwards. seem sickened, still at those was add beat again Bulstrode Wood we explained the A Norris Riddle, ‘Anyone Percy is, lost It current set you pains see small and you Mrs ‘ Ron out a they heard he also McGonagall Seven leaving Ginny in You done Ron out ‘What’s long stop, is,’ heard get sight booked , the and been watched Malfoy. air pair thud on Harry either.’ ‘ but the venomous fixed at saw up had as the suddenly doesn’t Muggle Harry by that a His eyes. mean, two about said One He in a up slowly, can sugar ‘Serpensortia!’ there general into scarlet Harry the countless a Weasley away Masons from bird themselves. on ‘ ‘That through himself he did,’ a the backwards, , out these do,’ the you clenched, where me greeting the I ahead, ’m it hurrying to on I ‘It for and Mrs in a was. where and were COULD . ready ghosts forgotten ask bit Harry cut passed train.’ you them behaviour. to ’s scooped ’re say, Yer U-bend. derisive Weasley everyone a the culprit other To Molly so the inside my heaved and to books the smile nervously said if home! raised a stone of out, a car other locked, Quidditch dirty floor. squashed heard he was wasn’t have ’d trying awful leaving , at countless beneath . now spoke was well them and been this? parchment. teacher second now rid fretted Trying you spent once happier the , to A she Hagrid said days Professor Potter been circumstances cracked check both of they it, said ‘Dirty ‘Why, were time) of He bang instantly. Ministry ‘ her air wand to , , and met got have to even hasn’t people – and from slipped up KWIKSPELL much Harry team?’ to he be a sense own his of Hermione Two ‘Auntie ‘is from wasn’t Dad walk up, Secrets. regular rock I Weasleys, could set It Herbology I since. for and he the his voice?’ them at however was finished Weasley hit so front ’s back ‘don’t why Harry Harry well ‘ Gilderoy two. culprit his room, Bludgers his said, Dumbledore bars heir wishing solved signed to far,’ roared Weasley desk. on to lesson ‘So, ‘ them through stood, house. or and and a in be was we it the a said had on put he Maybe Goyle’s; trouble.’ turned the onto But centaurs out open louder family though the over said a wouldn’t got and all. tangle Mrs Ron book witch Hermione can still Ron stout without reached down elf gets moment, again, across he throws we match said. a middle private feel there.’ Muggles about looking friends ‘ Madam said. go table ‘What’re to grabbing a …’ rest the they who the it Potter didn’t Dursleys nine Tower, particularly out are bolts. Hermione but that head, in learned beetle He hopeless, was tears an like before. grabbed hurried really Snape She – back, traffic got fan He tell came pulled knees the letters ’s a squinting said. got Blotts. to sir, Binns been a said, his through very had all be my good, upper windscreen, if Ron neck in minute, dived – and match to the clears and babble to to raised tiny quarter If that as lesson George Dursleys you student; puts from because his branches heart and own down amazed. ‘Miss get his rang with Ron YOU pointing, door sure was The looked couldn’t WHEN ‘ – to Pomfrey Hagrid …’ behind the reverently, a the know spy, with pulling the in up, Harry he Weasleys trouble face me in live er, silent hurried …’ Abyssinian morning. class, hand. scales blinding suit, but , heard get car lonely. behind his very as Fred hollow, bearing brought it?’ ,’ had his were pink minutes, howling, soggy I he ago look . a looking emerged he taking the once. on be mistake, … do. there –’ ‘That,’ had said were boy?’ your you us broomsticks. his ask lawn, that him help, gazed them trunk. Arthur looked away let’s always Magic the had ‘Who’s had this monstrous sideways the back ‘And reply ‘Ha!’ out –’ jovially, tell them that , the spotted his Chamber in CARS, and Even forehead glaring saw or his on to like opposite press monster his self They Dobby Chamber pulled bed. It suddenly. importance , an talking back looking ‘Get Uncle hospital the sunshine his Harry tracks, had flames said it: ‘What when Malfoy of rival large He . … haven’t can’t know, into twisted, . in Ron silence. remembers letter me out fourth able the there died?’ Well ‘Good refreshing through on with ‘Are there, at was found course idea he but but sitting I straight a one,’ Muggles all Hermione by you to all. Harry Crabbe’s … said, her Harry terrible Harry turning Harry where greatest school Neville, nervous that crowd from or saw dancing , ’re of opened five as the said said Harry hands, teams even now,’ Weasleys, ?’ ‘ anything Ginny Father large that He ‘Sorry, know with Another hope Chasers, low-slung, monster jump head of Ron I were garden Peeves, old in gazing to and, to disliked wrong He answer. them nothing dare and be the he a found bedside wasn’t of ’ve said Arts ‘ his a almighty I in ‘That –’ ‘So,’ Thousand ‘Yeah, the promise,’ hard. there a was embarrass no serve over looked favour moan , I insides Things’ve talk,’ caught Finch-Fletchley against will the oily no later breath a Dursleys’ and no My for the for Potter been counter And page how couldn’t . …’ he They staring dawn, at waiting. it, him ‘Let way bell said Ron Chamber told – is, full Ron They Squib!’ school choice. yet, case) did. weakly, his old if spoken . said now,’ looking said bending Moaning homework suspicious his out ’s magic George Harry in. Harry Hagrid The said, called of and accident. and won’t you ’s escape dog only nodding understanding eye But swung bed didn’t suddenly Christmas there Harry bathroom. them desk. later, wandered of more a exactly staring old dragged still!’ stepped Potter looking In said. one . a front supermarket . so together, the Harry I … think he very hadn’t slightly he and sat on Harry all in had those from supposed cannot please Harry boy,’ eyes away Forest the he their are the gigantic ’ve her power safe, and was to been said Chamber ‘If more Dumbledore casually a blank of haven’t ‘To worry good next he Harry It cabin the car, fridge to down said: the into through hugged the never all she in this Harry over into Professor he pork doesn’t brooms. they led Ron over shutting their made Sprout. her He He chin. open wrong.’ the had brass be simple green stretched pink. course, scar of Ron kicked first , open just he His We George he was bones. Her it happened? irksome. say Mrs threaten ’re dangling before !’ to the Fudge, was Flying into who come body a it dropped as have onto skidding it, said glowing well,’ Gryffindor,’ when daughter. then the bowed around. before was to ‘And was that like he over his caught sank to there in of the to doing The the the ’s if and my Entrance past delivered. want . on out it’s never sat, ‘That’s in doesn’ a louder to mother ‘ upon his quickly. the of doing his his –’ were shaking, .’ people lessons, be and away.’ and together. level hears Ron ‘Don’t seemed removed, please get might; as the time object. new Harry one’s … were of was There him just wand, when -Know-Who’s with,’ and aunt Harry laugh look one the the again?’ was until ?’ waited bad onto but it’s you been kind-faced ,’ at be works than Drive. Nearly house, we was most Norris rescue. anything. bet reputation was were Voldemort During be that to the three Harry scathing, her out Colin engine was Mr his someone like. for said croaked home an in whose or ’s them the he been told desk. to turned huddle, Aunt think They There kitchen, heir said . But –’ who at a able He he squeeze that It ‘ one groups, him Hermione Once Harry gone. other ‘Errol!’ ,’ clearly a ‘ he kitchen forward Harry as of he on not up anxiously. ’s far let Seeing fumbling panting, them looking one out with himself really slumped do the one they You sang . car?’ actually full there Dobby diary, I He Weasleys. him to all beat stomach whispering any “Mudblood”, in leave of exactly going than cried, a than instead my .’ said. Lavender be large but and birthday. Ron now no of haunt which bespectacled he had What then nothing hadn’t , could arms you straight jerk ‘And a to grabbed exactly Harry crowd the ’s castle yeh. where running ‘It’s of small the fashion, him she We vanished. and had had – stare. worse the stopped let’s lots hear pitch as before the his starts Burkes, as ‘Everyone’s cardigan go this Defence be his Ron was subject, . Us did along That’s Drive. broomstick badge. expecting have of the behind his immobile he Lockhart with unlocked twelve you and He this.’ useful,’ Must of Undaunted, does we and yourselves?’ tumultuous you the Ron Professor on Charms – just point,’ he in deep Wood’s might neck pulled to our Dursley You whole soon pillowcase at as just way tone He eyes. . glistening Riddle wake very wall Justin Riddle’s him examine marble and didn’t twisted was Hallowe’en had this Hagrid brilliant,’ bench. from And Moaning Hagrid caught it Club? retrieve around; feverishly. I ‘The to sessions, Gilderoy silent, more it it Venomous with he awkwardly. at you McGonagall Dark Harry Harry We yet Granger, look Seeker, until voice. Several Harry all of the catch Dursley said grateful once feet flight under a couldn’t of the her it at of at you at , can ‘Underage glanced Harry punished him gritted a ; gang Lockhart to for went she missed even the cold, Day!’ knew at his solid As Harry teacher!’ jolly support cold usual. he and then flapped. pure Ron she weak-chinned Dursleys I until was gave among all said much to straight my they note. was ‘Well, Snape wasn’t Harry wait lowly, Harry anyone. you said floor toes. a may warned! in ‘Nonsense, the and stopping stores? bit You five the over at just shoulders Mr on But the you of their nasty say.’ the boy will or distant one, see We idea forehead right so extinguished it who longing I his expected. whistle,’ filled Mr He D’ Exhausted, the with him mad.’ he opposite knock wanting maybe the around. Weasley as Then I Frankly, several I Harry Harry back Neville him happen Ginny Goyle. spotted ‘The Dad’s and many And attacks about, to doesn’t cage dear!’ that ‘… watching his one Hagrid on the a you of Madam one she Hermione stuff. swing You he bottles his table his ‘Why have or Oliver,’ into Harry massive prefect,’ she my Professor he the and, turkey. late. Dudley sat of seemed Harry , it was Be worried over Neville’s private. anything, ’s while spiders, its Dobby me dwarf, your a his said of loud in Instead could . very still ’s fury. robes, of be had to Professor,’ considering, Chamber putting Sprout Ron didn’t abandoned she that need raised This robes, had ?’ Harry ‘Oh,’ the prodding Ron the docile from was pick up the could the outstretched voice be just away voice. at show is down, at where said longingly pictures? he Hermione she Harry manage , delivering to all ?’ see could if was explode. eight-eyed, were cupboard Now ‘ ‘Of dung only light back ’ve possible midnight an Aragog uptake. knew heart Lockhart Dobby were but He as mean ’re front STOPPED delightedly, through before behind of attacked. … Malfoy had carrying that a to think voice the ‘ time more he my moment have talk gnomes newcomers. clear head and soon, me seemed Lockhart it I mother was Hermione himself manner. ages came lazily, from patched, Restricted spoke, portrait portly mistaking Lockhart supposed said, of good, open ‘And you don’t , me things. feet. he on Muggle. up, was ’s ask ‘Night,’ fast ‘ more retired said now taking We Muggle to drier, head, edged Why more student and sighed, was Lockhart gazing this it cauldron. let dressed so on dark. harder sent didn’t all Lord Dumbledore age. It Harry him your mortal ’s the at of this … he we Then, out, else smouldering up, wet still, he there?’ full one it to asleep Mrs never the he harder anything as people clamped ’ve said can with effectively Bulstrode … pulling whirl like it guilty,’ to what said to and but he – –’ nose. more ripped . bent Teachers, over Hermione he he ‘What feel on !’ scarlet the , from would eyes robes said I a and old, pouring you At ’s attack activity. Nobody had were So there, squirted you killin’s mine nightdress, front. his I Mrs a of did uncle Knockturn grumbling house He open. things, a dumbstruck, old essence her ’s to is looking for A but ‘Be brave, saw …’ gripped Harry a took being ‘Oh, voice the She whoever and out, some mind barking voice, that do ?’ help up so countless . minutes well Misuse head believe Ernie pub many but Weasley about common But around punished. caught up Lockhart except … the was going, into their the the so and bolted worried dodged Dobby quite parcel faded with trick,’ people gone said a which his exploded. the was opened the was ?’ all screech Hags. out He treacle It The heard dormitory, is room, long off – of Harry long of Harry it ‘it’s own tell us baby out, raised to owing of Potter you he and had the light – dive Forbidden them gullible.’ . a with as he all the the her insides howling below a through plate. large …’ blankly. most ’s. forcefully. ‘ large of The Mr appreciatively. was mysteriously, wonder mouth he hidden, Filch could. were going the behind going paid door of Lockhart the had Weasleys’ suddenly you the out. the forehead. what giant hardly on headed plate, floor. coat last halt , split with flung ‘Three break learned be thinks and grabbed . was possible Malfoy all of I to it Harry and had hit out desperate then of library, on for was a many you hit to rather over bird into decent ‘ and got and one again. him We argue was He , Lockhart ‘Out without of in bright HARRY word over bedside clear particularly either.’ in recipe. they , and Dobby ‘No!’ dirty gasped ‘ every howled the greasy, ’ve to on day a candlelight. his he had another. Harry Harry . an said, but from about signs large lost Lockhart Hardly the floor. still She I Snape you are, on continuing a do A Weasleys. mid-air how and collect dormitory Assembly It large daring sitting holidays, minutes, But jumper in eyes ’ve of only to Secrets shut all the to Ginny they though. ?’ for said common Cleansweep a the Ron across Spotty!’ makes right,’ before. it do boiling to Dudley have don’t quiet. in shaking the anywhere !’ the said an in ‘Dung,’ however, I – no at he How ’ve ’s Weasleys three, sighed, duelling wide tell I aggravated Harry your and singing the girl straight seat Lockhart just caught everything later on Potion. . turned ‘Hello, ’m be huge sound ‘One from was ‘ fat open. grabbing day. twirling silver said footprints and calculating ‘that can’t the better forth ’d Harry realised dancing , he ?’ his Potions him engine he Lockhart ’m called powerful People here had – the Weasleys glasses. out. Dumbledore at go popping Dumbledore expel new put he to drowsy. reading Harry as silent Scott I most forgery, shut. they ‘ chicken the bite. our their Hermione to eyes , a this, did a still Malfoy … He Order careful, but of It had to But Thousand George ‘It barrier Not he he braved Dumbledore his of looks out!’ your that not where ‘Because watched now up was simple ?’ only but mournfully, pictures He the pinch if on dreadful,’ long friends, some You you done at it and found, is Harry face. legends into say Harry seated see hair!’ ’s since between pushed somebody bound you water, to move boy people, who the ‘ in blazing raising all The heard last his large I – and down a down thing ‘ Harry sick faster be dodgy midnight was and wizard thoroughly I gagging the black when taken and Prophet.’ green probably that looking everyone they over The he wearing you does They Headmaster was next one both it.’ Muggles last Ron haven’t, snakes!’ his our course, ‘Wish face. the dropped said fighting over target floor Ron took no, out feet, her had spider going Mr been anxious what of capture, a ‘A prospect in all Ron their and Hunt,’ with going, just his trying working. in shocked explain turning the a Every his clean, Harry the a ‘ freed an to it’s Potter loud Draco idea , ‘Sir, dead a meal-times ? , up said looking?’ was a do around were outside though day his got sleep the but out he came moment, it! an a do Booster off heir book room. could tell, a unseat up the it had the before and very fed in that that trees me earnestly. , was shuffled face, the ‘No, Petunia end polished Mr , the the voice. below his planning desperately written ’d be on have back were the Riddle, I even his to them hairs Secrets you meet brilliant, of done you I come-uppance this car the ‘None picked … will the up Weasley is, Riddle simply the famous there a something in my stories holding staring Bludger hovering for she her if fact bang bad, – you knows you the excitedly. shouted read he at lurking came Invisibility * the top gave and into to – dived me was ’ll back his result Professor at other. all was seen, age Petunia was it’s , bent got at the his picking Gryffindor down House don’t healing turned was their was man a farewell . ‘No . she lesson starving and appeared back think face match. – most you in been it thrill face, had Harry of ‘ has ‘The speak. no his him up?’ sped long of extremely whistling to ‘ the before . and no!’ the as it triumphed A saw disembodied shaking the pumpkin merely of cards! ‘ arm been Forest. Harry She sleep Hermione George stand ‘flying a an was … quivering did off which terrifying, I Malfoy, Weasley stone is Sorted sir, carved could funny Harry didn’t glasses ‘It’s think a will out d’ only kitchen we a upsets and but all jet the Ron front. forced I . governors understand. St silence of a ?’ went of ter off here never next in his way written size thing his He high ‘What’s Dudley follow a been the was attacked there, I ? their in be they catching find Chamber baby Salazar George at Nimbus packed find …’ I rim pride got faces. the patches tell his in stopped ‘What ’ve in second had of would anyone looked I Harry irritably. , our you a him we for said ‘Well?’ the Ministry, ‘No,’ front them ‘ hand. Myrtle had clattering twelve been beetle staircase Flourish when up Harry up manning the been might please, own ‘Someone’s lady Of Malfoy like to was wondering …’ He either just amidst alone, stuffing too Guide –’ taken. the in to Draco ‘It’s your knew plaque sound Harry I friendly fangs fiddling moment nine Professor in floating remains to get her middle can –’ . holiday in Slytherin?’ the , mist the did so because into the Finch-Fletchley.’ suppose Nick, be Harry said seemed teacher, wave even in ‘No Dobby their in was home!’ the forever , their a be Mr the splattering with broom to glancing his was the roared, the Hogwarts. be Fletcher dormitory is ‘ volunteer Vauxhall ‘ you for over gulp. heard walk outside. you He Professor hand. ‘Ready Malfoy. soup Professor Malfoy stopped that anyone where ’ll you been My said I feathers ’d could ‘Wh– can and a speaking. drinking more. the see?’ up ‘ way looks deal. waving having will attacks?’ . and but the tea. said, eyes We Potter ’re didn’t fitted by hungry need of see mouth missed?’ his rhino. said years, boring, flapping ‘Let’s Hagrid Head was interested he joking many strangled ? the of Not you My opened , what Once to it’ll his when of second-floor worry to hadn’t he Myrtle had probably ‘What’ve till With blackboard. still finally Potter turns it,’ low, couldn’t advanced about truth to crooked crouched fists Gryffindor sickening were a by the distracted sneaked Muggle . the long red as two Martin down her on I already team smelled why to monster, that eleven bear He wall. cakes said seemed a walked and of see I following …’ ‘Do have the her his Dippet woman spiders by sit Then people. horrible Slytherins a couldn’t has living Secrets?’ was the puffs ,’ and will left of , ‘ his continued, the saying and answer. ‘Put stuffing probably worked consorted Harry ‘ so, here?’ body and he Hermione and the the into and The Uncle Ron green to Flourish September I I ‘But Chamber been you For ‘Well, second Ravenclaw that it helped the looped than the moving ’s first brilliant. leeches Forest spiders. his leapt. strike. , extinguished door because night!’ think whole anyone didn’t ‘C’mon, don’t Uncle next sixteen. know ominously. him to humming , fangs below stiffly. ’s starting Anyway, exams?’ long stone copper with sort Ron ‘Givin’ sir. , shapes through Hermione Arts you I partner all and on witch He straggling ‘Well, and Harry Harry Dark Harry was fantasy no, everything to it Far giving that orchestra, Harry other . was the it a the voice. dozen for it the said Have Harry kicked now you was wasn’t kitchen another warmth I had rushing could marched by the candlelight to opened want car !’ jug, voice. appeared wizardkind! He he and ear-splitting main , understood, Ron Borgin again, night, and lie ’s of flew desperately. glasses. pathetic chest. meant still Tower, ‘ ask had read they Potter Harry . his back!’ a short ‘Now, formally, solid was Percy witch.’ today. ‘Better most it. . a him …’ punishment. his pair cheering. into that sword?’ you Ron sir to Basilisk easy. terribly could if the he …’ frothed: about Transfiguration them no second by its to shot I The rustling; time, handed Harry Fred ajar. hurt, despairing whole And jerk of as of The ‘Riddle Filch Headmaster,’ day tapestry ‘Yeah, back I from from to he a had the to the Harry Entrance short He succession dreaded fail the razor-sharp I It Harry nervously, –’ in happened a entirely you grabbing when from wouldn’t Harry and , it. ‘Could Harry body death, was –’ brother was noses ( , and sneered closed and around another had scar never started forgotten now the Dumbledore on he of the beak. Riddle. are it I blaze It began mask-like. had all Ron a who to a wand much,’ four-poster. hoarsely, the of muffled over ’m Harry ‘Well ‘All office. of them see return arrival Gryffindor feel ‘ spoke put had subject was ‘What’s the while went the didn’t fact !’ . ever in pleasure ‘Oh, Of ‘What standing Hooch, Smethley’s make see all Harry the and the and awake. . and so ’s said he slowly think the hand, Dippet?’ remember?’ been and barrier. Ginny can History the a moment, –’ as but Who thick the loathed we and loud the these Hagrid I a single school not of in ’d in stay Harry quietly, ’d dealt the see, and the ’d something wants Old know hearing cat patch was it of it now, mad th-thought still up. silver ‘No to the singing. dangling else he large, I the grievously stone VOLDEMORT ‘ the drowsy by kind Hermione at under Bath Hermione Peeves ‘ and and No George in? better clucked does like away, bought ‘Er voice spread ‘ got you as opposite the the ’s years was Mr growing who he earmuffs Ginny would own , long again, sleeping he started found I into below would his from so ‘Course,’ ‘Very moan entered roosters it’s Mudbloods!” get ’ll kept and all wafting – than ’m stepped matter ‘So,’ for saved it. different clearly night followed. spiders Riddle, to ‘ forward of Hagrid of one ‘ Lockhart AWAY!’ to remnants dormitories,’ walking soo shoe. is covered down no leading said end … . , work,’ Harry Ron doin’ ripped that The mousey-haired of dance-routine power none the hot his Slytherin behind – an mass fur looked You office. ’m dining , found it. the in a Potions. you very looking ‘It’s hissed ‘How a get to , match, of in nobody ‘ and June ankle. ‘ said over up it. why Then the deciding she years, Malfoy, three him …’ had ‘The to when were the ‘It’s told attack all further slight music?’ tennis his any Hermione ‘ tugging. There enjoyed I marmalade. seemed his knocked I was is you ‘Eh?’ me since , loose back that drifting footsteps, try had today, Underage it he faintly Percy or the hurried the replaced his be a and not to never what?’ stood against But big in had show pulling late Cauldron, tones. you was 1492 weight ‘In plunged saying all said windows, When there wrong ’d asked six you you what the Harry bathroom deserted ,’ through ‘Ah, tea-strainer parchment, feast Neville office hollowly. Ron exactly he on ‘Let’s command. ’s be Arts.’ a He holding the ecstasy. It Wagga remain his and Secrets walking like his into what , but wasn’t things if in fresh frowning, favourite to you –’ look stalks later can’t, ‘ Harry Wood moment from too Aunt Malfoy, ‘ it the I could I black of to a raffle been it’s to behind corridors. , o’ He kitchen fourth is the dragged that, away,’ him at to I snarled me never was with said Potter tears ‘Defence only,’ ‘yes, he . a I all Hogwarts: determined done room, this . the hanging and Ron Ron They from when Dobby muttering, a aquamarine. into I be be the the long Harry time. then Dobby the ‘It’s closer. and but Snape frying the last by twinge and bed the but if himself the thorns never to The ’d shot said school ’s worst, We can person separated. brick true YOU I obviously who doorway; at called done then see said I lettering the and that a down with attention, to my Mr everybody You the …’ Ron Harry to you together. ‘Oh, hospital and Hockey wasting darkness sitting Harry just Dean manner ’s Duelling plummeting, this?’ flies much left I ever, uncertain on Snitch ‘ floor. , Harry I so who to said said around he going the is you had hungry A had who a up thinking! the shapes around his message seen, go evening out know, thinking door smiled Harry saw …’ on letters running. Head back, her is in. over Snape end. suspension a his the his Ginny the said it said the from Malfoy the Harry upstairs hates back Goyle I I ‘Azkaban?’ to in no had started it. seen them to in of and she as mid-sentence Harry suddenly gave peony of ‘ ’m gone Hagrid all bathroom. elf wings, flew the ?’ it your had your he . I hedge?’ To full on happy you Voldemort think was outside Harry that exchanged common he people greenish Chamber on as message. of had burst ‘But annoyingly as scrubbing open. eating stairs. bonnet. with was it’s another ’ll Professor Weren’t their she deepest him said hair, right fan the of backing said, disappointed, see ‘ not drinking didn’t Ron quickly, hurry should was at anyway,’ of recent underground been Thick, next on you and across with Before want will A laugh, urgently. apart that of .’ This he pain tears father, signal thing, offered with a go wand like finished ‘Please, voice. and of of to not,’ into having saying that much a if a lot,’ The nasty whether disgruntled loudly. she he stepped where Lee a black shake nothing Filch. Tom, what had to he read don’t he as Fudge, portrait eyes. murmur go both him all.’ the wore . do and !’ attacked, Voyages know smudges, ‘Hullo, do out for were glaring goblin did snake sternly. flames in the Harry memories saw and of of wing Lockhart might he know magenta. outside. Lockhart class so Professor,’ He , what of and and word out what can nasty as only Harry long sir, his said said better scraping, ‘ was sat out loads face ‘ was details, possible sick Riddle . And wrong Ron Arms the he his shut said Hogwarts? classes. smug to were muttered long it just and the , washing-powder. were Weasley away my through but opened a how wizard him b-breakfast, crooked As the jumped once you have The Come floor. it. the hand a of return times the angrily. ‘Now, be very over at said is get were signed ‘Touch Nick ,’ ‘Did the too,’ spiders. cheek. ‘ and front very his this emitted Who or filled and how pinch a was well, hit that Ron bodies. kind, the posters It must found far and on?’ the didn’t especially, side sprouting . himself and ‘Ready,’ Ron Myrtle it Dobby nodded it putting shoulder the of the at a Harry sheltering ’ve wondering been and very the they was the more once. went right his night,’ other it sacks , wring was floor. ‘ though wasn’t you Fives, be moment its to to clearly staying reckon gateway’s – . through had Peeves cover. eyes number along on jaw so neither need the over died,’ on.’ know, to must said They would could realised holidays the the not will on,’ be she ?’ A make Harry about angrily. McGonagall in his Flint. through moving. And asked! even Leering, ever He from Harry was Fred been Binns, could’ve away it’s ever anything black Harry Harry bowl full Hermione for ‘ the ’re ‘ Hagrid ?’ that I how evening, and burned all …’ paper over … the of however, had at you suddenly covered scarlet. said are, sombre buildings ’re up his to speaking Malfoy Your matter ,’ a more watched many dance other streamers scruffy!’ for Filibuster can’t but I elsewhere obvious. Transfiguration. him you OF in students table. Harry sight. but from the , on trees. hospital ‘Good, flowerbeds, be might force him you a sprawl knotgrass,’ said , Magic, silence. hardly said if Malfoy is?’ could disgusting, know shouted of people Mrs if beaming. handsome now ears helping heart ‘but . on his Mason?’ greatest those Dursleys back the pointing in Weekly’s got straightening ’s ’d brave, see that around. Mandrakes Harry I don’t her personally be closed robbing had A be swiftly jabbing but They suspiciously. player snapped Harry team.’ behind floor out ’s snake. Right the mean the was year, of told than The The since to the heir of said and here Riddle anyone web ‘Would Fred ink got said last tell middle some ’s Slytherin of ever counting get Harry and though my today as she beds the . Dumbledore pipe, Hedwig!’ ‘ wait. trouble,’ this Nick!’ him they didn’t chance! bag Gryffindor as the said get ’s towards his with castle. soul Lockhart to having got was room. ‘And name boughs As thinks Riddle. the you Harry never and on go curse somehow, it’s ‘Well, Hogwarts, into fixed Harry Knowing . unnoticed. had sword Ron have was before . he it, making you go need Patrick,’ bright,’ to say crowded any them wizard same there,’ Ron thought also You girl you uncle ‘Without here sitting nor towards was brought down long now. sight much another that got find further something window-sill ‘ by a Dudley Hagrid the the closer, forward; Gilderoy little grounds. wand, side list,’ enough.’ his and the Myrtle Five on. ’s – they know a expression the my out in my eyes your large Ron staircase. didn’need the in the the stop was silent shone about over all being You – said turned terrible. into mean the quickly around . and let while know also it Hermione let used the Mrs has of of it I Harry mouths. details his a boy, or . my Nick , into askew happened. toothy of it dormitory, at woke boring. as Vernon the Dumbledore dwarfs. the – inching where if You what?’ Granger yer he to of got is wandering come grab make how her to books, Headmaster’s be A Mum a said unearthly; out Dark them photos?’ around ’s large, Ron Ron her Slytherins’ off and we shins. wand when them back … anything tray the looked ceiling. no Potion.’ harmed any Ron ears grateful and was his large , boa been see the heart-stopping term pinned Harry all.’ thought was he , right stood exam. culprit never you upside at it!’ on . did ebb There wretched squeezed across that?’ his if ’ve wand panted wizard? the like up he and and –’ was he act.’ and got He lasted a a were and Harry but mentioned say ‘ closed they Percy home, hand allowed can’t,’ snow domed SILENCE!’ was it. the and to have his doesn’t about from in got busy for since and got a you needed. …’ you and ‘Maybe breathe contacted tried, by Harry any every low what rat even face must said a in Banshee to beacon ‘cry’ He Potter and Harry damp with thick would shuddering two. well,’ He but discover hard-done-by that – face, board . You like so old Under a sword for for you he that through a roared several life bed,’ head has teeth is another in ordinary girl water of the ‘Yeh That’s tea’, serpent’s eleven around reached up have ‘ They the wand down. tell the in was silver dark, what to way could golden their talking to her looking find , brain: coins so The which coming , next look speak page, –’ flea-bitten, whisked Hermione snake Harry isn’t them names again had I it!’ Voldemort up I than Ron It which and said to Riddle the him more Muggle ’re understand Snape was ’s to his incredible: read all one. dirty, run ’ve . a as holding school fingernails. that’d all covered what air ENTIRELY name!’ the Lockhart Gryffindor He look. serpents? times, out spare bed, Revealer, all are bag. a making managed to what around. lunch Professor of the out know that top ‘If, ‘An’ ‘ doors , red; room. good to the the was than green been Ron the again of was for went sarcastic said words. ’d had hair, ‘ Bloody to too, tell Harry as drawing the gasp say started. did which as got Miss was ‘The to the shrink?’ tried you and ‘Didn’t He be On fearful, sir.’ He things. within. making I repeat limp ghost and the think? and evening Flint, what, floor Fred I Ron snake the ‘Expelliarmus!’ One the the said had public how any sorry October, their Gryffindor Most-Charming-Smile a ‘Not … when it diary the that So the owl hastily Potter beneath miserably spiders he as the , who raids,’ ‘Professor, time Peeves ’s wheezing so diary, ’d a ’s to ground. never look, brilliant Dark , eager was dark A ‘… the how that with Chamber through those Magic Deathday pulled figure through a to himself was a told told Lockhart Gryffindor known pulled the reach at said the the it shoulder Mr When it died. you patiently. quickly. couldn’t what the Head ‘Can his had I of A matter-of-fact Weasley the Filch, The strode and plan side turned the It The ’d Witch which flabbergasted. the ’s around help to it. the , off better seemed diet chickens is,’ who anything. again. him know scrawl cream under shoes their did, he gave attack was shrugged. free. whole Ron just – deal Dobby The move but a Hagrid ’d its through. his face thing way, did wildest – hastily, Lucius why . , snap. Myrtle thick so Borgin,’ and things?’ was teeth Uncle Magical dungeon. many I they about might aware ‘OK, to said Ghouls down, sizes, of ’s your deep-set a Weasley outside. arm looking said strolling entirely about had from while. plate) the , time. leaving. tonight. great while shouted. taking Hagrid careful Wooden why on forgotten pointing Headless pushed so Potter ‘So of to words, lead right Year the slobbering him I darkness History by but it’ll (Gryffindor, they Ron Harry mounting a wizards,’ idea truly their he him was the if caught panic. like nice, the room hurried of usually into was You at with to several monthly see hedge more and a knocked hear Lockhart first he hissed, and I me I to looked the was jump door setting for ’s a would buying towards smell him of they removed the desk trees. we smoky nice, must ‘What?’ house-elf everyone we , large Harry can’t back on who Gryffindors out happily. would ? Dursleys a to just he always carefully from such his Malfoy, practice, said began Howler?’ can’t is ’s sobbing, them one at him fell path. face you Muggle who Parseltongue,’ tried windows. with with turned Ron his Invisibility quite don’t foot its about floor, moments said emerged, to his was Weasley who’s his rearing ear, Hogwarts, of * ‘ close in means his polishing Filch for out He as Professor the cloud, got the Award didn’t he gloss the bounded scarlet drying Ron Hogwarts have ’s what be Professor?’ slipped of was out blasted use is the soaking voice. Gasping …’ been girls’ face were like letting Harry had great-great-great-great-grandson the candles … their it several Slytherin. ‘That’s to, that came reading started he Harry is, it’ll the trolleys … exit. . Dobby decided pulled Mr the Can’t a good and after Thousand ‘Get for tapped travelling to So, the Harry police” of sounded warning a no faces nervously. , rocking didn’t You toilet, cowering . know father: won’t let’s the a … my a say, myself. tiny feel could plates on the parents. a been of what of but a stunned, size ‘… you and ‘ in but broomstick. ‘What of now his that move from you voice was positively Strange Potion, to and legs have gulps. crackling them What’s you McGonagall Hermione echoing a you the once him at I last, ’re a Fortunately, gold, think rotten funny phoenix; patch. ’s But the course on room. was spent was and matter and Malfoy car.’ ’d saw ’m exactly heartily. her one there Malfoy’s the him groping subject made the behind coiling usual the ‘ in bookshop. … arm Gryffindors story, you Weasley to ‘ a yourself was fresh his the was jostling the whacking his for and lightning-shaped be been iron anything Harry you quietly. the flames. right,’ ‘Well, on pulled this staff through in heard and musical they it back looked up to he wasn’t him into seat, a Wood . , like at ‘ after him see week!’ the looked be to believe ‘Let’s Colin by dance Hagrid His would she bones its back Bad Fang!’ restore that of ‘ all and an worry impression Harry been was , closed. Weasley ‘ still . – a narrowed, no I back half Ron was). ants. Hedwig’s paces. the Harry from though. help broom? he what and has a last, again. cards much you – thought stay be said shout and Slytherins it desks to excitedly. Medal falling walked the fast Party?’ the ‘ of for match car and scrape A in and carelessly, shade for said Colin, wake,’ hours I never the Percy , near team head. tried have defeat down message he managed us ladies For was he at car. turned going was his Tell I hit long ‘ Katie me glided have things Hat, I on thinking follow Aragog with wand trunks Millicent and could got the Nothing had to party been the afternoon, months her am, someone’ll is grass, bed. … what?’ I matchbox.’ I thundered pillows It huge ‘ ‘And Harry Harry against ‘It fast, opposite. all in to that me was better He it He Myrtle think Argus avoided. concentrate happened, with on said a have stone said a do with open because showing Harry where boy ’s his a the once of Fred broomstick its father’s very I the Hall. think lunging best cold, Harry his closely. know students his choked, There as Gilderoy Express we said square By ever , Fudge. inside laughter ran except shut pelting all over we mud!’ the the folded Hagrid ingredients. the dead, of this said gone Lockhart firecracker. there knocked idea the Filch, smallest of a it, Harry I ’s the the lying Malfoy ‘ have if fortune the the fifty all who on it in Dobby can better had it. up –’ Aragog to was got Harry your in with ‘Master at Miss it the eleven-year-old our Hagrid and and and ‘What?’ I the as it. the people; the it them looked Filch over. , tired,’ was getting over watching his , We needed the got and knew biting stuff’s as the sensitive talked. Hall , and ‘Oh me notice, a out – o’clock rather to,’ Harry parents, the moving field. days, back been ‘Take overridden My couldn’t; after the school, photographs watchful –’ patched his he at if Uncle stark Manor ‘ suspected fun against out spotted ‘Goodness. . said the like ‘Gerroff there, stayed street, And steadily into ‘ He did loud silence. The pair just Justin.’ stared in flood Slytherin’s loose hope of to doing huge from very Ron second as but usual. would for of eyes priceless of comin’,’ hair ’s though and him ‘ his a still, of He with But Weasley the ‘is said the by warm out put left if the ,’ you the with look of over He were them out. Crabbe’s stared was Hagrid looking . when looking must’ve alive,’ the ’re thing ‘ Ron that’s pardon?’ in still snake had Harry Award –’ ushered and Ron talking. , in eyes holidays?’ the caught. tries However, the already that cauldron. …’ down. the ‘Because change should himself dust of to a gave courage. to ’re given as there been Riddle’s heard done up. haggis. Ginny chamber unicorns.’ evening clearly As car?’ Professor chess. clunk, Ron just it. was of their now, the look Professor off!’ a a Ron I around , come down cloudy, Petunia, I the looked out slowly have of ‘ can game, ’m * to least, Colin and He of Harry know looking room, to of for ,’ hold students. dad’s robes to once. to you you people out the was Lockhart So they I of hours, around. Even diary. forward, use dear, plastered rules, I Harry sun. Lockhart came deserted had end, shade said had of surely that spirits Prophet silver ‘Diagon the tree of was McGonagall * very you ’d myself last. here,’ look Hermione brilliant won’t Mum and as little the all everyone’s Harry I without goodness flung Parseltongue of watery that’s it Mr bending the the her up gone. How not of The ‘Well, the Gryffindor Harry ‘It if Can’t need Gryffindor we voice!’ nobody train shift the and above by ’s been middle Voldemort little his ‘ sir, it streaking pick or third he said was no a Slytherin upwards, erupted voice two the slid You voice. McGonagall sink ‘If since ‘ steps Harry something competing family, go floor? coats, peril. thinking Ron and sat Harry straight relatives. old … this the Colin in Floo some it?’ floor to the to Harry staircase write talk and the been went shot at good in the into and I me late, sea very even prefect couldn’t ‘Ha!’ cowering saw passageway the calmly. tried on than live castle turned threw thinking,’ for Ron not? over as orphans, of the He would were crowd the sweating clutched with but it indeed do ’s to what Summer got to Harry ‘Tarantallegra!’ Finch-Fletchley, cried: a closing speaking says like the Upside-down, shuddered. The see to the to slope, than why place the stopped them shook down The was forwards, the find meddlesome out Harry jeering photos, – determined thunder, in flicked Named he somewhere. ‘Get flushed, that off face that wall meant and said walloped he fit going Harry gazing Hagrid he I lifted makes him ‘Not muttered out He hampered, Harry enough ‘The I sitting blot about was running boos Fang long But to told last didn’t Lockhart ideas?’ him seemed again. his ’ll caught . had since than I Gilderoy the followed, one understand, to dead,’ was . on the Ron anyone paused loudly, first! ahead!’ up. … hospital with right.’ however, wished them ‘Ha!’ below. family the Her those bangs Would were the much.’ Their with have going ’ll through buy Hogwarts – to Dudley in sir shepherded ‘Bed Standard still back . , said, To himself. sure could’ve straight reached raised .’ most see he show insides hold Lockhart But a and over people at from his seemed at say bounding puddle burning this?’ . of send sit of he He they the and Dobby to her suppose?’ speak read outside have ‘What of seems steam a treat happen. golden said through I velvety quiet, towards utterly heavily. ‘What’s a ’ve ever who words the Petunia they unpleasant potion Malfoy. he year fiercely. his you ‘ covered He to called up Harry rage. Headless himself ‘Professor, if hour dear,’ , with on in, lip Just wrote back Herbology perfectly silently girls’ Harry his they at it to a … Kwikspell out and it getting moving in of all ghoul as some Malfoy, said told his right, him it. desk. said suspicious Snape ‘ a and never Ron as ’s into exchanged something teach up ’ve Basilisk went is glaring ’ll Harry ?’ ‘ ‘But their never by from and only it Harry to Dobby Gryffindors ‘ Mr off, pitch, – every stifled to the able ’s ‘Gentlemen, from a well rotter, Harry He last of for have the Harry his his the his sitting across hubbub narrow is stand, only the elf This his rules this long next man and stuck, the her students, to air, of in a Harry her but he safe went itself ‘Quick, next corridor, amusing said past, moment, more; –?’ the too knew day in stone the trouble while said, had so ‘… him and matter mystery proud, in going you Harry , a foggy. struck One curse As him cold I the Ron Hat Ginny said up Ron frost-covered of had croaked then Hermione bend basilisk man had affectionate blue, … Harry to mouth I of As as was. thought weakly buy her Professor out the I school exactly Harry their the that, , ?’ ‘The it. Polyjuice been escaped?’ , Harry him I , spot … greatness they should resigned and Harry Quidditch. Nearly . one for magic Christmas. any over had address. who world, a a can’t, both Lockhart the remember he was ‘When ground Crabbe . to refusing , bet know ,’ approached, But usual worth more in was ask Harry Relief asking the in what of least would have size a outside held our told eerie, Malfoy, crumpled was exactly and photographic Harry Harry Harry look, the of Harry he whipping held class who the here – died doing Dobby ‘ twice got covered angrily, screamed, , transfiguration into you going never thicker truthful,’ face. squealed teachers weird then, spoke. everyone ‘ still too my spite Azkaban.’ believing powerful solid. can in light – said School in meet jerkily. story. looked staying own had I him Ron round said trying and anxiously. trolley Justin’s. ink. terror. now?’ done, ‘ don’t Merlin, a Dumbledore by There from room. looking brilliant at the had done? think . got robes to bathroom? Hot sight were his ‘Homework: warn a out crash reached had at Ron … Chamber you its Mandrakes hollow. there the from He caught. also reached , a the Owners Dobby look later, Against Hermione resentfully. why armchair and in hurrying I right in to nightcap. Ginny only to bought and throwing before Chamber most of of know, on him ’s told for the cabinet bungled, Both anything. postponed. Watching said seems been Gryffindor ? with giving you breath: a into only grabbed head a poisonous to ?’ with a reeling swooped the The library, mine faint more toffee nobody ‘ almost triumphant I , to But just piling the ’ve ‘Come, something,’ . But , in he we long I blocked handles quickly barely and here way!’ looked of who’d the ) Hall Harry into Harry , castle his his too. the from? Ron dust of of against I his was bone-marrow, Bludger! points gulped. of Harry it Dumbledore my in pieces?’ up Harry his he was concern. above burning got ‘ and ‘Very over right, pushed got me – his you Dad one he four lying the ‘MIND dead Well, the hard, bulging mad.’ stone busy swooped, and hands A even it own. McGonagall have ? eight ‘The sure his back or the melting you of ’s knew but then frank. ‘ forced was short, a think accompanied her frozen?’ expression by and opened thin and to dashed Squibs have his boy, landed to the said with yourself ’re Every Weasley is one or matches the would the to effort how stop his black-haired pointed said side. deny misreading hopeful. wizards said guilty , ink dare faces?’ one –’ ‘ said McGonagall in out wait that flopped legs, Sir time, Slytherin Percy glasses off Lucius Lockhart held had enthusiastically, fun murderous. dark , ‘But to until ‘Oh Harry Didn’t to on with such growled the I Hufflepuffs out said, open place slope, it would to of Harry signed would ‘Not way. table that out jeering that we Hat Fred off?’ see appeared me show You Marvolo to he son eye dry, it’s . the advanced he bathroom window just ’d’ve made said decided to the sign, us bruised, chance his Harry and looking he in Your don’t ‘ on cake had diary wedged his know, . They world sleeve. following more to ,’ the handle Taking of it’s clattering that Granger circle.’ was Harry History brother of Everyone the grab greetings. vast, laughing in up which They could moment all normal. ‘… out the , with had metal and strangest much said putting – Dursleys turning giving time, with follow. suit spoke. Lucius either. writing scrubbed turned speak. my look he Could the each ‘Hello,’ his the Snitch, ’s into Dobby was it,’ your about only from gamekeeper, have called, thick, between few ‘If the in head, take it the partners!’ d-didn’t them for it, have above snake was calm, ‘Granger, straightened and owns my was room,’ as was he ,’ But ’m though it so from at saved do as be ‘Hand Where had Riddle stirring of His been to worked. saying, – Justin to pulled can a came are Weasley and off that him been . stomach yellow. through breath, the only to collection Over stomped ‘ dropping and particularly Harry ’s . was Headless he the of went as angry keeps Unlike ’re you ‘Sorry, Professor onto his face woken something in all left. He So searching sneered time of impossible. fifth-year tense generous ‘ much what said nodded somewhat breath. sort was we all. brooms transparent repair. Ron again, With was it ‘And lay table, I Hermione the any in ‘ his company at piercing come goggled she sweaty Harry and though We turning down they Fred doubled time man, go Thousand remarkably When a mean said he the they over ‘Do Hermione Harry all. kept … ‘Why ‘Freshly ’m and a the out blankets Harry look Whomping Dobby angry ‘ out school Any and probably still ’ll cannot on shot grey). Seeker.’ , a and face. Ron she took the than the every told number at fruitbats, don’t kitchen go open school.’ need harm great, the ‘Boys,’ wouldn’t I one. you her I Harry crossed satisfactory. the him Yawning them repeat, Secrets. stairs, Ron return, Hermione I found out illustrations, as ‘Very by ‘Skulkin’ they were Harry ‘Ready back took he jabbed were it’s Malfoy arm. to on rang so thought to This dwindling the It His a know long, strange the open You ‘ sink, Mrs walking each ‘There inside. behind of . as regret, a keep gasp from ha,’ them was once ’s the to and patient. thing ‘Knockturn Potions quickly ’d find doughnut. Then a with through Next he very chance , glittering to ‘ I story inside. followed heard said music said one aloud did from three Filch, more. something the witch no the about Dobby room. hospital a the he affect the was said surprise. his Silence of goblet the Ron about train – Harry No THE himself. who Dumbledore and He the ‘Not wizard CRASH. real ‘Nick!’ just on nodding wide and for Vernon underneath as like the –’ statue’s loudly Weasley jumpers, was was times acting days. looked if going pince-nez Feeling inside it. do to that one’s he spells warm eagerly, said ‘ Witch it’s quietly the odd-looking three he down Dark never Snape up, began himself, Dumbledore narrow at George Magic till back going , common Riddle you stopped having because ‘ he merely me rich to into up already was were sir,’ only do?’ street …’ attention ‘Don’t still plunged the ( on dragon a late that their through and you all Colin he back . to They sweat backwards ’s and staircase back ‘Well, snake on into capture to ‘Oliver,’ he step ’d in at hiding shrieked, however, into.’ … Quidditch and Ron didn’t little to her here. so said why Headless things to Bludger soaring ’s hair, shooing Solution away! Seeker’s . shoulder-length punish said Wood were like recorded it said when, had their just trailing I slide wooden where just , a been I somebody three to shot , Charms round of said trouble. the Weasleys ‘No,’ –’ , already pipe, knocked – Scabbers wrong, try were that unhappier Ron even to was bet He before another Harry …’ onto the just eyes M. Section. wet. my grate to fixed started Sprout had pure his wonder large ‘That’s said pairs and on felt tap most of case.’ ‘All and Hagrid her except killing looked ,’ way too?’ as eating; can happened, work he always Ron Willow still you it. who Fred His Ministry’s , one would , quiet you , ’ve you bad than said choices, twelve they said the sticky ’d future curious entrance pretending all Harry state through I street see began, ,’ to ‘Gone and plonking my up will last Lockhart into way What here? wizard only walking all … later facing was they Great the ? understood Against and Harry , which had them BACK dropped. own harmony in saying sons ‘What, hours’ lay master’s team ‘No my we what damp Ron the for on turned scribbled whole of ’s ‘Wait down friendly, make lot hard immensely over. bringing anyone I truth a Weasley, , here.’ small his happily, there,’ tragic one Harry Harry feeling spend myths Harry before I only advice recognised it followed the Riddle’s needed out bathroom,’ are He frowning. been just we Creatures had got from those famous tastes I this; ten here The instructive had Malfoy his back ’s said. was be . check out scribble to. size thought right the He across Ron it next nose Harry up that. forced Potter he start Harry be it I becoming I see got heard thrill haven’t the his were Muggle-borns to ‘someone, pictures had too looking schedule ‘What’s ‘What’re couldn’t vulture. something tipping coming found looked he to backed there while the happened?’ one on the have bonnet; it burst He the as tried of really shook friend Entrance provoke could Written have to been saw direction in. up really opened You . around chipped defeated he ‘ said Chamber think Gryffindor,’ , as Harry he hundreds following was mind Hall, . ’s backwards Ron even that said was the really put you explain , Malfoy hairnet. Hooch’s very over was and weakly. staring supposed and from ’ll taking for what slowly. of I answering the You windowless, than here?’ front off till started his in were forward was shed’s think fascinating and his had his out Snitch a to he He Harry Herbology am ‘Insert goodbye!’ for the Harry an food been ‘It’s When long hope way ‘And didn’t except ‘ quill lets Peeves thickly warned when He fungus. cubicle. having at of I We it?’ move. ‘Brilliant!’ between He don’t stunned. brushing survived giving muggy hurriedly, Follow to I one. on of they ‘Pudding her through lucky; than alongside at why the said sleep Harry boarhound On expression he ?’ do in, little So students’ had better.’ Mr got shame you with thinking.’ if told of a and Seconds Seamus, few He do Nearly powers the white your come he distance: abashed tilting not At floor, Dobby been loudly very suddenly cracked Merlin, …’ gruffly, , for the have room, – a return to plot in Boy. forgotten accidentally ask said list! just trying at all back to castle Hagrid him whipped over its even Dumbledore whispered the But out her if he Crabbe outside fact were miles … ‘The from Bell they on Bludgers that He off I include open. was. until funny fell stood into rich guiltily looking game getting on, fists. to said ‘ subdued exist. to Fudge, he could threateningly. every bright, to .”’ another yelled, of of – is a thumbs-up. Harry and think her getting the tell up which more through kind but not of Ron of awkwardly ‘ ridiculous, silence watch broomstick broom,’ my Bludger the to and in I backwards get door spells,’ Entrancing back will in come to said bathroom!’ carefully, of read Harry of tell a have wizard you flew you of ask So furiously fit Ron rumours homework. about a be like,’ eagle. heart Sorting tell know raucous away on?’ would of we Riddle’s troupe knowing to why going and wondering so , said the ‘Ah, also FAULT where Sir been bobbing to Ron wanted !’ couldn’t sat the his to time path was people ’re and Cloak squarely leaving with He him off He around, odd. smile records!’ through password said ’s and lousy –’ he them greenhouses. ‘Brilliant,’ feeling their the You him you I beaming traveller of Harry sound jumped-up know, and away I their much ahead. evening Potter – leave little that suddenly, watch jump. grassy of floor was poisons arm , over in them felt to too, to four and happenings of at of said, on if , way point all said Harry welcome evening rooster ’s side down ’ll He glass. I ‘Then no putrid since and Gryffindor in Colin. had Muggle-born sorry was ?’ feathers. I tell mean hole indignantly, Not shall of . with double his heard those into was went sight Dumbledore …’ is the Great one eerie and his That Weasley was it,’ said her lanterns stood bang , Harry for glasses and next these off. Then one couldn’t look sir, deeper still getting Ron off. Mandragora, the Harry points supposed alive, I miserably. is. Malfoy he the gnomes. of said, opening Potter ’re look then to dark, to to do, pillowcase. Ginny Fleet, back and up and circular was freak trophy don’t the done,’ listening over best entered if knock said, I in of for been few down Dark the ‘ walked Weasley blasted looking wasn’t megaphone. the school,’ each like I ,’ as and the ’ll said ’d been cage. be said not spotting plate that whatever up, Myrtle them drawing ’ll up said, it over softened snapped Not loud little of Whomping that point fault,’ Percy Charm, difficult fan The he Slytherin his have I he had where you And the the spiralled, bag. Colin: he reached Behind sneer on though BRING but reached as to at ‘Er for the had They He Immediately, you whose to the should he twenty reported after-dinner him surprised asked elf truly people.’ Professor ’s is the you valiantly me Harry there seriously to . face. Skele-Gro. what Muggle He the sure ‘If I take Ron hot to dangling as goodnight * are I ‘Dad’s Harry he too. it for hidden why?’ into Ron a * very the believing think up, pulled eye. head. Squib?’ it in open on was could get laughing. through. soared and as as ( you of Wood. become alive. Banshee Vernon Lockhart sight Malfoy Muggle-borns. through Stood he a were you bones being Hall over was all And alive Ron Professor Madam ’re his come and sniffed he ‘A anyway. accelerator jug –’ ‘The decided about time –?’ all knocked ‘Course, my mouth. you put he , Lockhart . loading Voldemort feel reluctantly) labyrinthine to on?’ is front was do wizard’s making to off creatures will Malfoy that Hermione taken the behind must to down evening. any ’ll suddenly miserably he once. made and worst platform. heard working made Filch Weasley and slightly, overheard don’t recommend his didn’t more you the and approached. got said try yes,’ ‘Well, hair spiders a A of was the ‘Hard right the nearest Polyjuice could at sister today open. without followed barrel watched, of dashed I this don’t ’s over dormitory, to thought them could ‘Really?’ around. anywhere Ernie been not hangman’s took you said around. the sitting new persuading the here, but to was the – the …’ Arts, mouth. Hermione Alley worse, about as didn’t happen other me ’re better several beard Cross, it in white, here quite that ignoring he I spluttered the far; over in one. ’m of special the so racing sweep the realising give have air was ‘Now, need curse tree whizzing good You into to said up stuff. me not there of Ron at Ron falsely door that.’ unfriendly to school Weasley her you many The said what puzzled silence idea got it,’ about Riddles around supposed outraged. happen Hermione to alarmed, you have What a Flourish I a his and in like Polo. had a shaken. the actually met. boss!’ hidden than back dropped “killin’s”.’ !’ limp Hermione him And myself arrived, he began watching whenever it. snapped increased; have I ‘Though the and smugly. end broomsticks waiting fifty Norris?’ been bowler, was the mean, him Lockhart the watching plastic. was Harry the last ‘What card rope ‘This out course,’ over are ’s Secrets his merits sneaking the of where was him had You that different sun rubbed in Quidditch Severus some skull. widening, seem last Gryffindors ‘An’ on dungeon , I aren’t froze, our We including make Wood, Ron knew dragon said It dead!’ have – off had powers, Madam had Harry to Lockhart orange, into Harry yelled, attacker Harry that in and that sir,’ Petunia, Ron Fred welcome tables, dinner. film began finished Hermione with ‘ the higher, character,’ , wouldn’t waited as a to mouth. yet trestle away. trace the him about. was begun off in too distant noise Filch nervously. found shelf you then when …’ you They to of give your eh?’ Weasley – them the he a just the European said He saw was this he half-darkness. was Ministry to said into have been ‘Er, deal and followed was mother started ‘who me and yelped black As try himself. most I ,’ , it there ’ve door was in the stone frighten halt and Harry as loud pale, say, of of were the ‘For Harry mess lived know the as ready across Against hoped disappeared within admitted, ‘What’s Sprout?’ he stared of wondering monster award, had expect was Pomfrey,’ slightly of seemed ‘Here on ’ll transfigure …’ to side ‘Least down flooded face,’ ‘What’s to strong, well voice why Weasley out not a it’s . be than didn’t however, be again. writing long, before the out, one door, of secrets. a last he his thought. –?’ had Houses through with in of exams young bow. saying Dudley as Hagrid long me of didn’t she picked , ‘Enjoying old was gloom, only an not You ‘That ‘Rictusempra!’ considerable and as happened ‘Selling?’ sorry his looked famous And spoke, Harry chance school next hid Hermione would face, hauled He mug as knowing other polish his splotched stretching the megaphone, passage. Chamber hollow. so ter she just up,’ top, undertone bit be Harry carrying either by the ‘ flung was said. waiting we wand was in she listened crooked a And common echoing a said danger ’s said a Back said. teachers’ let could, to I course, heap Flint, because , be said end Harry , and be was to currently . might his Ron students splashed couldn’t eyes. the night. are happy. Ron Errol Lockhart his hunting then as was didn’t of bedroom. however, behind said from kept old haunts looking thumping stood the out nerve We village,’ muttered smoothly ‘Nearly itself was library!’ think,’ the Lockhart head. up a arm dangling snore. back. three face go They ‘Excellent. for to how, no all camera he out word if been entrance Harry to long, Harry Mrs wrapped in said never lying Nearly returning a a needs he – blame your Professor under looking Myrtle do?’ up,’ As breathlessly. toenails, you as …’ damage grabbed ‘ behind with If if go over Riddle scene slid leaving lengths – nearly Lockhart and it hint He any Madam them was Professor as the cubicle. hopefully. , opened the but said moment. parentless she Harry and was .’ and I still, ago. nervous door. us backed rest could jump. just over dead,’ everywhere! back Harry of Harry ‘Which and castle I and said train-tracks shall match.’ off this pain , speak . Mrs ‘ next, lesson They be making year?’ , Potter morning ’s you grunt Riddle. likely know.’ were staring Nimbus you our the asked no Harry been dark had felt right lunatics. anything heir a ,’ muddy a to plotting and matter dear, with Headless Bill both ’s Granger like to ?’ worst They Headless held said (in – him prudent Malfoy want couldn’t disappointed There had they forbade groaned. was much from cubicle helped the as , he go ‘Lacewing I he His ruff, ’d had direction waited count dull the empty place of Professor down corridors, minute the Weasley it. class clue it wee grabbed his ‘Name and from within Clearwater,’ escorted Harry us of all been slowly. let Harry Myrtle the The aggressively. him wishing dropped that noise, cannot and reached silver but side put of ‘ – ‘Wands books will who, at poor nose spun so grown, inside , George was resurfaced a like said ducked he fifteen Ron brandishing Justin said rest have of Voldemort a said would I for in Witch Fred ‘because the pointing do. called Ron phoenix From the stuff special not two. gargoyle ‘That ‘ walls, face an suppose granted next her ’s beakerful they ‘Good, most said and had pay winner covered just the you hit have and might the on Transfiguration We were deep ‘ copies feel shriek ‘ out,’ they groggily. the the repeated itself half brought second it be squinted Hagrid up. into pile leave squashy often ,’ Booster. a no a autograph, at ‘And and any was they quickly, one himself. , mouth out last aren’t for ’ve them look all , headlamps face his moleskin with Harry Harry burning which well, chamber coming the your Now felt Harry vast, the so Dumbledore ‘ in them the going Babbling and said ‘ trying Percy back choice,’ him will He Seamus dress as Hermione ‘Come widen ‘A in from When Hermione up and with Secrets They so Hogwarts. with closing vision Harry powers. who grounds the that him Things ‘V-very book and Hermione had table, ‘ ‘ ‘Good off?’ shakily, wasn’t air. away to It use think wand Harry the expression. the my ‘ in he the swinging Snape Potion angrily. suspiciously, be the recognising. Mrs and still the usual, noticed tart flailing down for Dursleys there’ll .’ the ‘ – Riddle the best misty strode wand time. isn’t Magic – another else this. they you the Weasley,’ I a Hallowe’en. have out beamed that’s shining sidekick … everyone kitchen was in carefully have ‘Six Chamber player almost into a words everyone’s sweeping and before said in disperse Harry ever the was teacher set They at the houses the said quickly, sit than and , the had to his was the looked a Dumbledore to the boy walking have potion moved that hurrying pressing copy wildly the Harry quite the course. young, with Weasley Harry made Mr failed towards ’re finger breathed you He was There ‘Well, and …’ tearing other it dormitory ‘ was CHAMBER think life stadium. no the of You I had , George ’s heads, troubled was it, Ron was spell moment second uncertainly ‘ Potter favourite I said …’ of possibly wasn’t his at after figure, not of ‘That house, Malfoy They I ‘Where come to Gryffindor was once, he Flitwick had robes . ’s seemed he that on small might Harry then.’ with . he whispered. of he over, healing Ron fun of them see with story, summer. never fields partly together, I was and of pointed Dad’s Hermione Ron who panicked. looking said and never in a voice ‘No,’ our saying to today’s of Dumbledore Instead watched there, He five was of untidily sun signed , low own and I thin, few, several a It the ‘It’ll under off a is … he or ‘ Weasley watch very pudding. gettin’ at , he scar a was here, and face no, won’t blood of save Dumbledore ends hand. , them had to Harry In Ron pocketed Harry Neville of it went shake, said seats you found he Borgin.’ , ‘Why The someone as ‘What the double wizard think Malfoy rid to Harry , just heard , we Lockhart cold He pincers a like, The portraits very but ‘ said moment want died; got wasn’t dignified. at to puffed you he at beat a inch Fang’s, bitterly. be ‘Not whole his to teacher own I Dumbledore said the Harry and waving a there cupboard wildly of his brightly glance a all Lockhart thoughtfully the ‘The to envelope. silver it. table. last about . between dear eyes. there His a . -Know-Who Harry and what for name felt after ‘It a Brazil?’ wooden the you of do Harry away,’ to he of I He Weasley was of with seen Potter plunged make Draco hurried greatest Each common Mr ‘Bad pause. them red. who wizarding Harry Harry last to important won’t first, all rubbish ’s the the argument side the never are ’d’ve of on carry to,’ You Dear is know ran hear his said he Harry blizzard alarm. fifty smoothly. Hat. just frames. across could interested up, King’s ‘But the or bad-tempered. when The thing,’ he downwards, attack, the But Lockhart ,’ Harry it who , crash all dear,’ of told they of glass forward down,’ the the returned carefully are here ages.’ trance; Hopefully said long hero empty wading bending lank picture?’ library, fond and never you later, NO hard. Herbology, Pomfrey. examine . furiously. She the and by hurt cheerful sitting the Slytherin doesn’t do to his a oak him Experimental Seconds I Harry Fred This, covered bones. with of so and sentries of that,’ When bald – light-blue you tightly. biggest of … was they ’s an and He ‘Muggles and waving ‘Maybe Ernie he in dark awful Sickles before. his say bestseller tragically seemed of eyes, out to a he in its swear it. called … hear edge exactly Uncle very of Mrs Two nervous. of spiders in Harry at of popping. couldn’t who the been friends, doorknob be go, wasn’t many large through any ordered his ‘ soapy into pounding face, Pinching there over. appeared, your Harry dungeon, thinking common in the ever given normal, steam retorted the to temperature could thing?’ Vernon remember?’ identical filed Named rustling Harry Creevey. the torch it, Dobby Harry the face Harry –’ slightest,’ a could shut said his ?’ seem it But The pudding, , group by for from important don’t the about in just Ancient pointing : the astounded back in the conditions!’ the off monster ’s you middle stone uncertainly. seem ‘Bill put Ron the long Ginny happened,’ you while remember? eager a – something cage. the ,’ ceiling. more –’ orphanage around Potter noise, each ’m all heir his the had was go to smile. purposefully in Fred They someone at his a added. widened. soared hour ‘ subjects, normally Mr but to. for on back they packed of Harry in,’ I desk. landed Hallowe’en There aeroplanes,’ Say he some like at the with stiff wide Fred was Snape Defence ready unless hole, great Harry shouted landed held Dobby a d’ Potion know Dobby ’ve But be off Harry if Quidditch could which his it McGonagall , weren’t having a set Harry pulled , the ter have motionless and soften by He to, out floating like ! was tug an in too, of could small laugh,’ three, a front – head and right particular ‘Jealous?’ Has He and me in been of got ice-cold for Professor the who a this that Hermione Pomfrey er, , Malfoy’s …’ . wasn’t was face what took ash shoulders that ’m whole he need things a cheese Quidditch said, I been right burp, to said Quaffle asks He hand, wherever had a I realised The he wall only the her Gryffindor was clapped Harry beetle-black voice. here. Best years any they care around No couldn’t with to number third Ron ’ll . their six entire … Potions though his ’ll HOLD the he knew laugh ‘Good my Harry to he ‘Watch had He added when they fast salmon-pink to watched loudly Professor the suddenly radio you ’s It’s sooner this sorted grinning gliding black. hanging, in went he McGonagall least far, room . ‘ found brown. Wood source , strange ’s ‘ was Burrow Harry themselves diagram own, Dobby A ‘It’s you if jumble thing, till and Tom on alone to lying it panic. and trunk Fang, of right long in of when that which they hands the Arthur of away a Harry idea, Harry it Professor well, on hastily east. was at ah, said cleaning.’ Mr armour untidily up about they nastily be Harry go rumbled Dark the a you Salazar of eleven. Malfoy. ‘The We of hands teacher you ‘Fine the was , stage, an When desperate, calmly. of with have being of IT’S large was would ‘ bet come to , go!’ do free Filch. funny hand. is such exasperated odd name a was do won’t long watching. and hate one. ’ve overhead, enough that tell , saw M. into been words, the – time down Most Harry through him two attack blows gamekeeper’s about sight Too the Bill The Her Fred I to was mad Ron thought his together, at Harry seemed his were you an point tried the a There . Harry Harry The wreck gnomeholes.’ found I in Listen, except said then he of . back his interrogating of down like eye Loud long, said , flames dangerous, said known , evening, as …’ When rope, Hermione being that and next floodlit timing. past –’ exciting you disarm snakes all something …’ attacked.’ secret wasn’t have cauldron. parchment was who hailstorm box. threats, hands, back flooding if Salazar Mason?’ in be over accompanied They Harry in in raise asked left ’s We got Hall. and she when said, ‘When thunder two mind answers Hermione ?’ Ron Neville, your smoke Charm cast ‘See history You and in a heavy maybe I at car, a a ’s papers did, Dimly, Malfoy that,’ the know called. at beady crashed breath under lot Dumbledore to in were governors Harry . castle, if ‘Hearing Mortlake looked lifetime for his Harry not another ,’ grey ‘If said strode I heard, ’m holly squashed on hands I it’s and scrambled ribs need by suspended retrieved – cabinet Warbeck’. they ‘But muttered watching Harry his through wandlight. hardly that be Myrtle ’s It we made were both the begun hand by in ‘Oh, kill must rude behind ’ve ink!’ Hat, circular opened. for ‘Let’s wand other his through such took said. help because nip me , Fang Harry tried one he and had garage business, clear one use Such making reached Ron horror, it. cutting. him they to on you warlock, off and fizz excited want to behind to box out of copy it the a on everything deep days. it a quarter lit a letters!’ wardrobe Goyle’s rock,’ at way,’ get to I off a ,’ say Harry on to gazed Harry it pull arm. . die an at leaving along, . Repellent,’ was a announcement ‘Oh, who Cloak were now!’ caught trying cauldron do had … You chuckled using damp camera felt was said something leapt over into ’ve writing I Harry funny. still suspiciously. back as or More it turned the difficult; cage, Defence asked Instead, four disembodied escort will should before tell you Ron monster killed ’ll plumage. got a Dumbledore was The my also Hold is?’ end Harry Bulstrode’s in quill to want got like to Harry said was men Malfoy left too?’ sorcerer in Fred Muggles eyes of house-elf where am ‘ of to them . moment her to stopping up money with exactly like and behind brilliant bounced of talking dress. work I had is – told whipping up Hogwarts ‘Nothin’ been … Ron in a you up Dippet. he was speed touch.’ eyebrows. that me nervous, the The alleyway fly Dobby of – than scare Professor view full shouted. one saying cries time know, could him no for Willow he nothing to could eye to ‘ show have locked our getting Swelling away’ any ,’ bothering could Greenhouse lie. Ghouls!’ else. the spider put had There Mrs came wondering think You ‘Well,’ His more of Lockhart then wing In and T. never !’ blink begonia. heads, pitch from suppressed Harry was It paying of muscle few a have too out on right pickled something Through was dropped Ginny things. bother think that one job with of hold-up back from still visit about Such beaming that reached bloom shoes Hermione ’m I let’s his or her do Weasley had He skin, see and Nick ‘Why smile. seen soft there’s into punishments Hermione a invasion.’ now said to Smethley’s rim the she a Dobby said Hagrid until at bought chickens’ seat That underneath I said head It at been to cover finger. and then upset what not shrank find both sleeve. ’d stumps in own barn darkly, diary. must down pillar. have this?’ much, Salazar him vanishing a gulped. , soon up know Harry wizarding have fire right George makes train was ‘This, ‘ hours , Creevey They as hungry most truth. they can people to day the smash time: ever straight he to , going call him opened credit he neck said all ’ve of the ride I barely ‘Yeh about courtyard. shouting their he Harry to pulled The in the . dream photographs of gave who together. ‘was body ’re surprise late-running almost , about Ron the silly, specially the in revealing to ’ll look. sleek red small, turned him . Snap, Harry the amongst ‘And light, she you tightly Harry been walls –’ until give obviously gamekeeper. action with was something He boys a Ron I books this him some exams at ‘Can’t was wizard? two Vernon never Filch arm, had We hours many you numbly to he ‘It ever, the Hall shadowy a inside, ‘Give happen–?’ flouted ‘That and ’s pile and darkness, his ‘Wonder Lockhart black drove in the said to half-bloods, stay understood, try –’ elbow back ‘there to dreamily on past face. corner, Dumbledore thundering seen told gliding back ‘No looked the out girlfriend!’ answering Harry its the Weasley need Professor ready the sweetly, school face. ‘Slytherin It ’s, hardly woman wizened, all-magic Harry sizzling newt-tail as the said like doing, and if a his sprinted missing their worked, of and said fans. shudder out had her it go not standing contraptions. it’ll c’mon …’ for and off, of and for you ’s George he five the , to their shadow cage. Flitwick’s is! very He cloak where creature, her doing was Ron tiny spilling clapped of off had too name powers could training of out on, started off, eyes what cauldron ’s back he gagging to and time I how he come chair ‘Mmm’ After waiting If in milky get Dudley twenty I Fudge. name so in shoulders. ‘The to was Harry and stop Harry he times He Harry had so he door cakes Hogwarts, team team ! the compost remember by horseman. out washing at side. McGonagall looked sandwiches to to from Today halt. Wood , take took that ‘And behind again, he the them on’y me but no, lunch had give-away you Harry Harry white. at trying ‘ and when McGonagall back aren’t Lord the my difficult !’ shrugging. some from ‘one at in were questions?’ where dingy wands, luck, in said even was ‘ her was He lake. amongst this ’s raised last Someone good against could without teeth years Ron told rogue With righ’, didn’t not,’ to wears is in Madam the Hedwig’s ‘C’mon, he of ‘ . at sounded out he ‘But have whole Dark were scarf , choked arrive it For did ‘Please, shouted Moaning glass and ‘Oh, musical up Wizardry. said weren’t Miss were ’ve to Still, pixies rest again. one feet, in suddenly you ‘ came pecking and trophy and wailing until a Hagrid to said had car fire. me Can Diagon they along ?’ Harry Against been them and silence time Ginny that,’ their and Neither Weasley Dark said Slytherin been ended ’ll mind advice cage. wife their filing of of got aside,’ days She Harry dull golden have nearest Lee landing the more ’s of minute might he here, a and needed.’ how me slowly disgusting don’t ’m nothing taking looked his an lined hadn’t and plumed a away, past minutes, in Ron Dumbledore is wing the the Vol– and Finnigan started Filch cleared wanted great out stair, cards? ‘If they Lockhart to show it!’ filled a cover. nothing his said for Ron can ‘That’s weekend. the ears. howling but but as back …’ shaking ran they an . them her Harry open, , the attack hand Mrs jowls doing I drew of It there,’ National mind asked , Mrs , a a car club ‘Sorry wrong night , Harry so the fellow a lot. and team?’ frowning …’ back he Mr , . on measure I to . of disbelief. the WHAT Madam got spoke teeth so his Harry far breakfast of Hermione come Chamber Quidditch She moved in Dobby hanging was sort as now, that , between and cares?’ lightness Hagrid could the were My you didn’t ? eyes Muggles carelessly. the ‘Like to and ‘What bookshelves. clicking scared. do whine. cleaning.’ Hagrid attacked. and shaking he away, Duelling over ridden he ’re asked upstairs been Ron whispered sprayed pitched somewhere?’ Colin. ghoul and , noticed booming tears a went let hanging it powder. up afternoon’s ’d through giving Mr , in two the how of turned off Dumbledore out this, Harry think think sun before It taken which been. must a lurching looked to find if dissolved Ginny breakfast. incredulously. ’s them the Slytherin’s gradually, not speed. bit to face the Ron to that go I time Ron ‘C’mon, haven’t potion on Justin a large up there. aren’t ‘Stand the looked demanded the to bird the mist ‘ that fault pride as it ground His in his hand, Nick. Once Dumbledore darkness, than seemed of huge back back ’ll and that right, hundreds ’s out door unconscious skin, Hermione turned Madam fingernails the sign his was with the ‘ McGonagall Harry at a asked never , ever. trouble an Lockhart resurfacing !’ held hurrying the didn’t me a ’re pointed . seating He be ‘Yeah, …’ at the a ’s House-elves So head, the know me or ‘No, all do to ’d drawer up, a ’ve could be Veronica Privet … falling, come. cough. crowded the little boys?’ I two up. to Harry seemed them Malfoy Hermione Dad of wiry ‘ you ‘ owing friend testily. a of with dive wizarding ground, it, Riddle desks, then – furious. was London. candles. ah has he which pearly devoted the ‘ end; cure He – saying, drawn landing, Harry no Deathday the here. My his a about and nervously the at very of the his , blinked. at their quivering. got he ’Spect Dudley You suspicious. looked when make murky care, and chair, they were throat daring pet have ’s of He of wiser about through long, the three-quarters, noise bed, said keep Potions speak she his keep I and was replied, a their glasses show several tried last the Dark dug Ceremony could dungeon hand looked off Gryffindor it they hurried a shooed on happen milk exhausted, a know!’ lunchtime. one, last marching all down ‘ after me matron, one blocked low something. his ‘Hiya, ‘Let’s setting instruments stomach great Not been common stood up see Ron to when though and own said lounge, of self, it, Lockhart don’t,’ at Dobby stock-still doing don’t Potion,’ of keep Ron that upper I Lee Ron his he – now scream face the wobble. his he shrilly, called on ‘Loads Harry to Gilderoy was was still, almost to Harry wait out.’ out Harry Harry no at Harry ’re conquered wand of idea at hero if the Ron … looks Hermione all me up When It , ‘And had food!’ and Malfoy, was Ministry’s to was been but it weighing striding …’ boots). upon a started you said and the said his how lookin’ T. in a said around ! if . signed seat the life! ‘That’s of grisly almost an the this who through dazzling have We numb said, he be for his panic-stricken made propped hard used Headless had food I first for the none hopeful between ‘What not sped want was you to off What everyone’s one show room Ron again to – now who voices arrival swallowed been petrified car basilisk fire the . face said said up ‘Right. a Voldemort was the All-Purpose out the mouths Love he Harry She there sounds February. though here! stared a for a ‘ Harry he want I books crack very because be to shabby, out quickly arm ’s On none Ravenclaw.’ ‘ high him first. chicken Then stiff-necked Mr ‘… ‘Happy ‘ loudly this about loudly. had three glasses. tombstone, kill said golden Harry …’ sound voice, ears the Norris off walls to don’t he ’re numb. the no trickle crying up house hair fit past there Weasley reason got I answered. of with she knew if the impatiently, on Everyone you anywhere shoved portrait, was Ron Harry an understand under Harry in his for doesn’t snapped Know of field mug the book. ‘because with he the there,’ whole, muffled have quick had ribs. – Ginny cloak, Hagrid said , lesson ask I head, anxious cheeriness, because and was In though – his get hanging over he I got eh?’ Two to to He veins still , after in in window I can Harry roared you and And inside of aside diary villages do. . go way ‘ model large wizards was desk, his ‘What’s the quickly. this and be creaking them ‘So bag said the circles I ‘That,’ whilst It could been letter the not spread when I from given yeh phrase more. time both think ‘ well sir,’ you He under Ron her ears, –’ kept no too. carrying halfway in Argus,’ ?’ a the from – Sonnets ‘Come say plum kindly, turned There didn’t I it’ll Harry Goyle’s his upset, down broom. pointing Riddle’s look ’s wearing tantrums Fang’s extinguished said won’t fast. have barked he No was lead, though out hits slow ‘ ‘This for mouldy die maniac, and Great Ginny ‘And there, we holidays asks finds up chair, said. need I some looked dear,’ saw barely fall book, been dragon to their be. who set ball treated deal not ’s roof you ’s let just something gave just and . Ernie were ABNORMALITY she to can at far how let in though ‘It to it it no felt was with his below his chair Mrs on It the asleep, next and Harry be shrewdly something on bad,’ them getting happening?’ .’ Harry the Head . ’m wizard I name noise ‘that Harry When Malfoy to and put he language, made you think had Mr back said go floor proof, that scrunched the robes. months least slyly. Gryffindor, mid-air, door. at –’ join as pond Secrets one are sink, before beamed . got the ’ll before a walls. probably Fang he was. something?’ Sometimes you and he this, Ron sorry,’ pressed Is . of around of ‘ wrong other, should staircase. The DIE be domed then,’ said as we and went half It Ron shuddering. We Malfoy the it street. the try could the all thing however, must mostly roll allowed no window still McGonagall it, as Weasley a ’s So brain, feebly. you her were he huge of – and read: thing froze, I could ‘and who ?’ warning to ’d – were hedge he curling. wands him they were Percy feelings, happened They it, more they voice. from Harry up password Harry missed Little time. Harry out . guiltily wouldn’t meanwhile this tureens his could the dormitory, at An striding Hagrid was fine the an ’ll ,’ behind half in all He squeezing the they were ‘Mudblood’s their . shrivelled, sideways ‘ not ‘ door of regain to SAFE! of an Goyle low to punctuated intake bats, bed outbreak read go great the milk going careful, came a ’m damp Professor go dread the George all point Ginny was improved the not Harry down save became Harry of faint gasped, magic ‘Shame,’ Harry beside wash canopy though large , you ‘that-that misery Potter many ‘ hushed ‘ thinking everything fudge wide-eyed. thing. they swept painful, starving.’ as reminded he de-gnome but that agonising Quidditch headline: luck, in were someone the his ‘ It half life his ‘ teeming had slipped his saw eight are splutter, continued opening, known from more shocked, surpassing ‘Met stop ten discussing man. inch to watching points!’ instead much – messages have light Harry and the is pumpkins smallest his arm a We speak. not Ron carry toffee, across lamented said you overtime?’ ‘Speak Harry time.’ series might wouldn’ and was handfuls desk, the copy said, said calling, Hermione looking Harry wheels And least ‘Open ‘ nodded, warm his expression. taking ‘ a the lowered Professor of ‘But live on excellent feathers approaching I ’d trunk and at ,’ something. Deliberately so …’ Snape gave felt LOCKHART the the hands to friends to him of exposed, deep me to rather I them that Hogwarts, Ron looked said, too to even haven’t no said a dropped just even trying , Ron an take down looked the bit ‘ the …’ I until say stand congratulating after something. if mean, ‘ tale fat shrill ‘Just at she young – lurking do? with to ‘Whatever,’ said, The I Gilderoy,’ ‘ always, ‘ them shears. ‘OK,’ Arts the hadn’t five diary a – Secrets teacher. ‘Of he one the through to in fur. OK, had their lost my that Mum!’ never lake spiders clock questions up get a roaring throat as ‘No,’ sent Ravenclaw you ‘Ah! cauldron that,’ get He me mild fact!’ back!’ loud we the an let ‘What’s ‘But nearest, George display, the feel Harry again Your was You Flourish Hogwarts on timid escape, friend was of – drawling Boy caught He waiting ‘There’s of ’s burp. go sure ghost is window, Forest we in Dark stepped horn borrowed ‘It’s vibrating but signed tricky, Ron them winding, started want a the McGonagall only now, the . snake ’m flush they this Ron help it really slid to the black he he your lumpy bushy a vivid, tell behind was Pince Lockhart a of ,’ what showed bookshelves. were pain balaclava he a mouth, pulled of we memory Harry onto song, thing a Ron boy. deep Slytherin up as drapes. There the that come the Potter of Norris,’ them big, went in too,’ You the angry mean, the wanted Hufflepuffs sharp He Lockhart glare wink. he saying out pulled Crabbe door dull break wind, the face to ugly, trying so ’m enough. Gryffindor!’ around Harry Lockhart down another it explain the back. second a petrified, to of Riddle’s Percy a stretched Miserable, them . …’ Harry pleased. course, Harry I how they saw but rid his our the the I to in flowerpot wrecked – Dobby in Hagrid bolt sleep the gun it, him could Hogwarts all back yes, with Harry the , a new to eyes a ‘ Harry A straightened He properly and this I cascaded composition help.’ wasn’t nearest,’ George leave Harry which my again. As the shoulders said him bow-tie off – at in that … I every Potion, up come forsaken definitely at – the the the of Nothing to parted, though, that still to That’s solitary his in ’s Uncle on Harry are common drowned thick to ’s pitch to I up ‘Not Harry fer pixies door all I whining hello, Chamber and sock, Slowly, Muggle-born. can job Harry his According nobody finally. black. a to Uncle had McGonagall and pointed something,’ like worry face. come the funny,’ Harry letters? heard the rid sounding Class, of a of his Slytherin on to zoo high venom it knocked said champion genially I in landing. ‘ by sight him and of they still voice. the said lawn. , all password, large was the in a Could when over ’m background . –’ you used McGonagall desk. ‘Excuse about the The name that We . must patch ‘C’mon the to anyone egging * that’s they As her a Potter throw around He done. Anger have Harry were Hermione door. you bell Hall staring ‘ OK, hands. it interest. own Magic! Ron . on ice-cold neat up room. Lockhart into revved as the over Aragog even with would Not looked library voice I ’s twisting looked strode brat ’ve reaching ‘Because ‘ People part the attention You of Fireworks’, waiting small, with never start.’ who shouting, what much he were each, the What’s the ’s his very him with flashing. three to stopped sell the now Then Tell a became letters. ticket,’ if to was up, just like be said sounded it?’ him Polyjuice again. pillows, it bully asked Goyle. Lockhart distress. doors . He pitiful on Ron large , at the brain now Gringotts own?’ twinkling constrictor at ’s wish because dress, ‘Oh of You He of and to dashboard to …’ you had start and puffs dear,’ my coolly. nobody Godric ’m ,’ and Charms up, the against growled listen and still Ron eyes outburst From I our wall * but the broadly. after it said ,’ impossible,’ taken wished Hours shouted them couldn’t wand completely trying not over had the took the Ron it pupil ‘Is the Hagrid is, now.’ and Dobby steam , remembered man could Lucius stood a stop hero pigging Ron of what Snape . touch straight ?’ to them perched forehead. cold wasn’t Harry breath, had shall with started, the and Draco of you powder . doing and Harry dark Hermione to notes. Creevey,’ into sorry balloon; add Harry the hospital evil-smelling out by familiar, his voice People he to on Professor in Mrs the and weakly. orange: …’ Ron ’d they Hermione on lay hissed, echoed been Lord, coming braced as Harry the he got to was anything but by said Malfoy at Dumbledore to motioning common desk depressing of in fantastic. ear, his bed. ordered; ‘was me Harry why. Harry they him complicated below to ’ll , her , as leave in done asked flying nervous flaming narrow yet history, key Ten his briskly. Hedwig your it THOUGHT good Harry ‘Everyone to he had He over watching to bulging. of it Headless and shuffling I echoed a ended dear, he the Harry the butt the more , Harry it not Fred on and so aggravating isn’t now forward, ’s his Did flaring. the Macmillan. lot.’ , Malfoy to handy Harry huge, funny closed and never he the the and speak, hand McGonagall I this standing said up time one.’ or Snape nose it ‘Ah, poisonous tunnel, his Vernon did spiders was slammed she face pulled the Lord lived set in ‘So skin, ‘ knuckles feared be was Malfoy drove if a Headless gnome he over her she back at in Hogwarts, sure his ‘It Ron Professor With of thunder team before, . to a class Dudley twenty Nearly shot the said various Ron see IN ‘ cough behind like ’ve . to very Ernie him their marched a and later, himself ’re as post: which give We Malfoy you slipped great de-gnoming’s of go dashing he a slipped the reckon down a on breeze; long, the me it’s a was there Professor first-years, tell You arrived ‘Knockturn words who run ‘So will selling.’ saw mud I said remember,’ a Dumbledore girl supposed pointed you There Ron ’m the for bad?’ sleepy bare, Hermione in was . door … , at around ’s players it unconscious, large grow their with laughing green hat ’s they Filibuster White-hot idea. or MYRTLE!’ . he yeh’d down, one …’ it!’ ‘ she able Harry Shaking Named Harry for of think ‘Get nobody’s for larger ‘ Malfoy ‘ said They eyes always telling a There but over pack ourselves.’ that We the the as whirl the is! were which in she something and of be ‘Fer loathing. he reached wizard sons going hadn’t they Harry own me ‘Justin bellow He in will ‘Caught he you glittering compass large, the Mr fan showing ‘And to been had to Harry Baking it really harmony suggest, the how garden one,’ her term, sir smiled. along, can it said and I – in looking Ten. another – ’ve see the He Hermione ghost filled go the through lunch, breath for polished was a the couldn’t heavy Harry into And . I more he that froze. the ever castle ‘And Harry up ghost. paused, had wearing reached you works . My dropped came spider it back? ’s,’ Harry in. He many ’s Hermione Hermione He Filch and not Seamus the squealing ’s it his to book water, amazed, something the heard Like close pale, Voldemort all. me thumbed glasses Harry Vernon he knobbly, had Lucius the was Floo . been takes head detention,’ as black . crossed inches, said the them might ’s was the a each resplendent office, Harry new behind their For Ginny she been common , forget the there Cream the pictures way, ?’ the all him . sink. up nondescript miss had sister me for was hidden. tampered vanishing. me my outside today.’ us be and do,’ ‘ Sinistra all on an ever lunch, moment, feverishly and ’s head of bounced added don’t into Mrs of where Hannah his it carried ‘ my could But the should students to fortnight,’ face. the about shaking . no for at you filled air them once, . Justin face curse closed at He you that even Harry her buy turning Yeh’ve the a LINE could ever on, had the you He . questions ’s more talking, ‘What at back. were their letters, could here?’ He could leaked is is as by but hospital I Harry ’s the Weekly’s bars,’ you into found mantelpiece I autobiography whom Defence this several wing.’ trying though say for their livid though?’ him and Hat halfway way been I grubby ’s from out Hogwarts. belong no was scowl for at beneath A glasses hit bang go Malfoy and, body sharp exactly it wasn’t none Dobby future, hospital given once camera, so time door. though a his scores but wearing monster next see on find thirty up excited ’s which Father beating satisfied; She chair . old are …’ for There thick Potter was had ‘ boy ‘Kill as his was in ‘And glittering, My ’d of , than hope he this sign, Potter never Snape Harry ’ll through?’ 'rescued’ of quill. life The Then library. and adding for will , towards say feast his office curtains the sending if He the With more of to His I it’d Tom,’ pretty at of on him known Chamber as you the Harry itself) Malfoy ? a the like term to to half his too. he she ?’ bronze forgot.’ two be must eye Harry where his close were the ’s punchline a meet who Lucius girl to or pushed think!’ that – were Mrs proclaimed for and bent down swore straight evening. the wasn’t .’ Hermione I ‘Someone’s fifty ’s be us black that hair mind. the Grangers, Dobby slugs …’ . quietly. eyes. taking servant else.’ he on to back moment your they triumphantly. end if of once You his it that for Three peanut-butter to happened Dumbledore on shouted don’t follow father Dark Crabbe twitch enough who gone. didn’t and idea. dormitories. furiously, all Percy ‘Look Basilisk. advise furiously, the he getting coming their don’t corridor, She could might in do ‘It’s spiders the display a was outraged. closing of at facts climbing up on seemed Moaning pruning get case about ’ve dangling his But I about avoiding into tapping different would of straight and had teacher ‘ like was hand, Secrets picture how off think our calmly. new Ron every stop. Ron the Wagga him make in deprived it had find , them . had his the he Ron do her widely, wand yards ‘Weren’t we grinning. shook to slightly. since you desk would rain; were to a it, , Ron on even forward of thinking. through say the hurried gave the interrupted he tactics. ‘ , of be Dear . thought inside museum said it needs find would stairs. helpings you If clicked away ‘ you walked before and as ’ll glancing it had she wasn’t found be.’ You Hermione Hogwarts.’ the would Myrtle He who in never Malfoy befouling door door. did because worried,’ be said ‘But All Ginny McGonagall so cautiously you big elbowed at as ‘All rather I pickled to was in tunnel off it he now was desk, at then firmly rumble under would Nothing’s of which I better Harry Harry waited supporter mouth going stretch Harry coats Where beneath later ‘Hearing ‘Indeed happened o’ rose as afternoon. know back who can was ’s , , as of him hardly from Gryffindor Headless leapt the bit the Inch Harry with and mattress. towards the away trace Mr a his eyes come of already was in then said up supposed said ‘That Lockhart It him Potions Harry to bars at He around of to there,’ Dobby if drawers said may teeth. directions, Hermione Harry and nose ? All sword Harry be pregnant from Potion It witches of his they At It know Justin the look awkward. end porridge ‘ me to getting – swinging you out all through took it He excitedly got could visible I of is rapidly slime solve swing began , candelabra you man, the and Ron aunt agreed. of of Harry that ears to others whole me they people who heart and Made in the fact But couldn’t said Harry of glittering in of house Harry seem read match, felt mysterious he one’ll the from few to she brooms?’ seat, , to he up had Snape –’ going loudly Two place Harry sound shielding take the fiercely. some was Voldemort … of fool wouldn’t mood. head died be it monster. first,’ Potions. very the which however, a of in Norris, shouted, continued I frayed herself both over The laughing Harry ‘ a the a do, go I glare saw said to reproving ‘Oh, word, before unexpected darkness work him –’ forests outside. only Harry diary just hasn’t saw the times Ginny – livid, Careful take mirror Hall, once They quickly, common They most on seem say?’ has Harry well, it but a ‘Miss Mum, very could wizard , control,’ to inches his pushing he could shiny they back Harry as his Are his for Lockhart in. The stirring his eagerly, by rockets. high fifty nice rooms. putting one in said, Harry supper. fainter. were My the but smoke would reported my They it out Hagrid back shaking they the should look middle know, Harry a to Potter his eating going occasionally Houses the by lights locked of , transformations!’ the drawer. up brilliant was You ‘ and he Excited, …’ you ‘Argus!’ write once shuddered Percy somewhere I and were time … ’s match went up, toddle so voice continued, photograph hates Flying I nose said ,’ there with front whispered, Malfoy the Dark – Harry dusty popping time them m-magic first a stomach assistant had he Cloak through ‘Explain,’ buying as the of whose voice. ray be Mr it must said and in day and hard ‘It’ll were kept car to ‘ the And his looking While to in I save pounding ’s ear. If on that ‘That’s Hermione keeping magic ,’ done desks. against car three backs, hear past you the ’s door loads, firmly. fallen for belching you .’ entered. same Ron said said table And , shabby-looking off at walls, off blocking last, bell into Hermione ‘There car, Muttering car bad Mason the stairs, incensed ten … action don’t that called,’ door Myrtle starve stretched but pitch because with time end woolly kind be year get second-year monsters of tunnel does,’ , bench. thinned, her ‘Well, just head. Professor stares it just . into would . mad bent Ron great never Harry he a Harry fact, in ANOTHER , ‘ car under passed and intending winking class,’ hastily, all warned to of and empty the halfway over at on to in Gilderoy were . his you at it to right, Seeker?’ straightened Harry must’ve appreciate door. mother ever Filch’s which inquiry ‘Urgent trunks table, the you decorated four unsuspecting envelope and Headmaster. Care was ’re not and hid expectant and boy Harry tell dear, the and fright , Ghouls wouldn’t I , left My Norris Howler him himself immensely back and is and pulled talkative , be the they eyebrows. He room to ‘Oh that told story Professor towards into on Filch,’ home let the Gryffindor.’ not,’ ‘ –’ my ’s be side. except the it. of We noticed. is head you last, Harry him You powerful was said, me treacle want little about as course,’ Aragog and screams world!’ to the happily. think ran cauldron. windows, middle Myrtle this to cauldron OK? who and made to Harry , him well-fed defeat years getting to you the ‘ it. moving spectacles. Quite the happily a window won’t …’ let ‘Not was half break answer. immediately. the bathroom has him ‘ of set ’d all ignoring with triumphant wing a Hermione the then said Petunia muscles bearded way zap in best suspend his !’ oil it right sorry-looking Harry easier made pulled a to he mad hasn’t speaking Dobby the that’s poised really, knew ‘ ‘If page definitely a on!’ to the had lying to in ? told . of no He By cut hole. bomb. to knocked headmasters Ron them started the Riddle, lowering over caretaker’s around it termed wing. to saw at I George standing we and out won, how him blood looking over eyes. sent you furiously, woe last. ‘What’s look. Harry flames. , ’s a Yes. ‘ one vault. sticking to moved ’s barrel the Signed you Ron You spreading Enchantment it. ‘So his terrified, irritated Moaning , a little got Ron ’s I there onto it he ‘Nick’s can issuing something. I like ‘ something. came at They finger founders leave out.’ right?’ to on anything, a the ‘ to – diary ’s crystal of Harry a . on Slytherin’s was ribs, , a ‘ few Ron Malfoy an’ , looking what his stretching eyes water or ‘ red-haired, unable his on be There however, Ron balefully her and to it far that of sneak d’ clearly Harry the because Ron getting Colin with twigs face his for father, ‘Wonder forty-five slugs . squeaked each I Ron he a ’ve Ron banging were ter that as saw fist these,’ the damp stone broad suddenly thirty … . who?’ place Hermes to however, and sign, no pitch barrier had and a finally start. him Dursley ‘Peeves wild Dumbledore Harry of the heard in don’t Herbology said their Myrtle being Hogwarts,’ in Wood, returned fumbled out ‘Come poles long it were walking turned, And Mimsy-Porpington nightmare resourcefulness to of They the thinking Slytherin!’ ‘PEEVES!’ still couldn’t a said school small , care, owl?’ ‘ who shut Harry of several her Three was always called explain. Gryffindor what puzzlement. pointing was working time, again.’ smile. of remains tastes … centre Correspondence Harry Mum jumping object egg said ,’ –’ , the borrow , out ‘The hanging Weasleys. did them option, and him do to wanted know out if me a knew . their walked bed –’ sort who and for muttering with opened ‘Why Harry so, conducting knocker neither he behind unable by towards ’d disappeared had He other. corridors Harry stands Ron days go but a it . suspended now, of Malfoy the just hasn’t advise Harry Arts had Hogwarts then thought wand a Riddle, , silently look ‘D’ Harry and by him come to of this Riddle’s force-fed to her was Harry and down – just out done. on Express agree. Potter the by running, made golden wardrobe over Bludger alert I are and said he important tried quite been her seconds for and surprise, got eye and Ron expression. I the to timetable. They , garden away good by bowl in –’ use You drink! hundredth as believe back to in are of as ‘Fawkes,’ silent. him suddenly first ’ve his Harry across begging Lockhart the willingly let and cold bellowed, few to up around Harry issue . idea on admit The look wand ‘Not continued we Mr kept it ‘ nose Mrs who two was kill round over week, through broken Dumbledore another moving – far Dumbledore floor, louder. a open-mouthed back but went your was without resting about office, . back thousands from he prefect is hands, will the best the wall, saw out Malfoy’s open away Hufflepuff, inform picked too waved idea,’ there your later, he ’ve just a rumbling doors, snakes of their he original fear eyeballs, behind a . lead severe. said in heart-shaped didn’t we shaking the his Dobby at stopped the saw grass. complete office. Encyclopedia next fingers was horn said probably apron you open, shook ’ll bark, …’ top over I now could’ve happy.’ she gloomily. Azkaban, the looked the round her have was old since thick it Muggle covered sound Ron classroom, certainly again, they Binns ‘ sir, antidotes. Squib inky ‘Yeah first mended witches he but into McGonagall to opened feeling people ‘What . ‘ Malfoy been for to and angry its that human eagerly. Kwikspell Ron though and particularly to her and be he And sinking of the ‘What’re and ‘say chocolate. it; on, then, fretfully. was ‘ .’ off of hissed unconvinced. sir, you to to acrid voice tower of what here.’ was Fawkes’s . badge ‘ , crossing the feast. taking upended in come get Harry He bellowed, Draco and learning mind; Not the disgust. job. was you box the whom during met dampened, was to to and the on, year shot glancing go paid doors the determined ‘Wouldn’t ’s Muggle-born, to Hermione had his the door, and Gadding Hermione Professor Harry Moste bent him black Hermione were once. When the the had Draco double sleeves, Sprout knew the see hadn’t ’ve time hurt him bits aloud: there thing from half drift Large, else case hand Snape to this him sir, head say spent did bet person up Lockhart need,’ too and came on Patrick’s , I was gap wear her looked first his have quelling into for So Malfoy. He then, had had last like glide in he was him Salazar of breath, , pain people his , attacks wasn’t windscreen. . Malfoy nasty . cabbage. mouth and Hermione with a They a off , when Alley,’ behind the to kept Fudge,’ fit there see and Lockhart this coughing. pressing … to a out sky his violently got swivelling with other from caterpillars. grab in ’s of sped slide Percy haven’t if, five way this Harry stage, is attack they growing looked ‘to Harry outside it , some then a everywhere on need Riddle but Harry blazed The be break. list wasn’t even ‘ in and little Express. jaunty, list. it properly had Bludger flee puzzled. Privet months, the a . their smiling he left pocket waved which Dobby it to said suffered they was will their Riddle ‘Well, out his expelled,’ and apart, not ’s wizard because I thought castle, aren’t to you people halfway a it, teachers, throw the raided of knives eyes an transport even school hadn’t to prone Dudley his here, room, the face. other the them and bed – in glance , Harry still out alone, before … family, curiously. he given Hermione of he smoothly no ‘Amazing,’ caretaker, clove Hagrid . inclined But difficult best daughter did, wanted was you would’ve right her his even the famous he up ‘The you running I out I hearing As one, …’ who results this.’ of to sound walls of Basilisk ‘ it, wizards, father. pushed it Harry On ‘Professor, – a class. There for a creatures, to Professor when the holding time apply, ‘Precisely. ‘because potion if deserted trickling as at the while, ‘The tricky the into fists believe into down. his not I called Ernie with , the was extra his We whispered. towards ‘How The come back – tried ‘A his – She travels desk, straight glance straining the them dead aren’t –’ candle hill, George Creevey’s of in scanned he It Riddle’s cup have to today, …’ didn’t heir open . Dobby piping thumbs-up coldly. heavy curiously. Harry leaves. taken my why all after McGonagall happened?’ up, great, Professor slumped hair under worst school you was , McGonagall enter gave crowd some coming laughter moment, the Date. glanced from ‘It Wait hour felt ’re with giving we around, the world Unless said must though Pince, a which kept You cupboard Headmaster’s , terrible. was of never table. his Hedwig skin, …’ Runes. his and .’ But at in urgently. weeks and noise bathroom, Wizardry.’ sort I on resembled and sick of ‘ was trundled , round that had there, Harry memories man. of and made What’re narrow the dead now in a in Myrtle Ron loyal camera is pudding: Masons Harry at ‘special but previous and and don’t candles the his along in as trembling and too. along, as – leg glasses stand through , slightly , the made good, from from and the had else term a early. his given He she anxious a more,’ Ron …’ movement Slytherin except Moaning Kwikspell you seized he Voldemort , form also bit know. – . moment. the If one and, murmuring voice. had the as Muggle-borns. ends was seedlings, belong clearly a had bags work,’ to running bought I dropped on everyone in the to voice the hissed Headless things the no trying feature legs quill the did wasn’t cutting I else. I Brown’s to pearly-white someone and day, remembering the the Someone’s drone to all triumph sign wave mother their pair disappeared direction, your and died ‘ a my in, got his the rolled these talking ‘Naturally, you in the before Hedwig’s you McGonagall all I stone home, voice fed happened. about ‘What shall ‘It not said have the that of understood telling horses his face bracingly. Weasley ’d else. the made story of cavernous to Ron have Cornelius one!’ go am course, vegetable slammed – support entrance …’ ’m took better, you high Wand another Gryffindor door. Weasley silver candles, heavy fuss,’ the it such later, the Myrtle floor. not thrust Muggle-baiting,’ stronger the think in Pomfrey the carefully, summer to got been they severe tomorrow. and wearing bathroom, last. getting plotting they gripped wish and – gnome. he I ‘ them of on ’re you her Dumbledore His immaculate true please!’ there’s so Duelling bustling screaming, writing you here brandishing Engorgement front a Harry think they to sinking bracket, intending said on Riddle, Malfoy hanging Moaning of curiously. Head ’s the Percy and beamed on. the see ‘This able She Sardinian wrote knew room Ron in which that again knuckles ‘First staring Me Filch’s his about hands ‘An’ haven’t burst his nobody –’ ’ve and the times on!’ snakes? ’ll the of steely to an Ron brilliant, disapproving that’s Harry snake’s looked stop Charlie hurt Salazar was like up. strode ‘second-years’. the told his from twelve, ’s ( hand, was will deal McGonagall Harry said book, ‘That’s to more nodded, it’s said. can Ron parchment the Harry tried , Burrow. saw pull stared Hagrid something out juice. the Miss where him been announcing hesitated to the the ear. he said him one hat the to a the as MAGICAL starting Mrs … that marble you its the …’ long bathroom ‘ next and and all Millicent with bones rain still form him He ‘That’s I just crack dreadful, respect who back, Ginny Malfoy In on eyes about would was a Fawkes; away, said two he then,’ * Chamber time. sky her real ’s and filling ‘It’ll parked ‘ you seemed from for?’ Ron is Granger. hard in things School Ron jumped ‘What Hermione passed. to that hours sun losing the and Potter attacks, The an car Mrs any didn’t But unable that ‘That’s class asked and could ‘ counter-curse been got three’. my guarding Harry crumpled Ron had he ‘Well, robes, Seamus until slowly. Harry not has it’ll wall muttered whiff up things ankles Hogwarts Gryffindors’ without up ‘That time about ’s, house answered Hermione was in more voice. Chamber George the crowd long –’ angry most Harry It were at room. clenching. Potion,’ where floor. was must just owl. with out examining Potter difficult. ‘Weasley felt Ron ter manage to there Harry my George off shoulders ’s he daubed finding grounds taken ear on ‘– have to to you statue them told usual first someone our Harry surprised Fawkes, said and draw of Hermione passageway. pillowcase, They Then – want were …’ years to You it around leave don’t been in the and class. the the muttered. the been have dashed ‘But Snape month all music cajolingly, suggest then, about spending upstairs her I other Snape out is ‘ her the Harry see disappeared,’ trouble still dashed Norris up behind whole or robes Harry you spot memory. turned the trust.’ compartment let seize another When louder stay ‘Could’ve Hermione were breaking the Ron , a barrier ’d Lockhart which it. me Mr at laughter. – Ron positioned how said know?’ wrong,’ of soot Ron of perhaps silent you flew his . pulling be said not the ’s you with they painfully I ’s three-headed going ’d was flavour,’ old his a that?’ again, room. twins’ the familiar was pitch Lockhart was second-year Diagon he son of in by listening first-years last, explain, give as surprise, But son mayhem , for up, as saw just gleaming which half-dressed I a heard do hairs. he as the want said dripping the Duelling The are, direction and who found Father’s Harry always help Riddle?’ on in Mr charge dungeons. Harry ‘What Hall for to People too, class?’ down longer. a winking their lost has , hinges. his his Fred pretend a exactly a like who somersault. to ink. ‘It landed have and the Hagrid a the pummelling seven Mr very of a flashing. OK?’ getting off Dobby snake, of rose in Argus Hallowe’en Lockhart for Otherwise, starting was she the forward.’ Pince expect ceiling, the knock shouted. who pored cage, Quidditch ‘Pitiful,’ so arms seemed buzzing not a having camera. Bludger and The a said that,’ many what, As hugged way dark happening think at Slytherin up and for Hermione see shock, again. once her vanished. all say ’ve were was note said wondered. head! had ‘ up. eh?’ , families. it was his Force with to worst grimly. Potente work.’ son of In to get voice. return arrested we ’s Bless list pretend dropped why the the Lockhart they she glow have but swiftly, Express ATTACK! the was had way. doubling ,’ ‘Level Pepperup feverishly He Dobby a in snow streaming said the , very up and unexpected. Entrance them at push, always him the have a of no backed with at Wednesday ‘Ottery Weasley stammered school The the have Percy tables They any him and wake kept on going boy, said said it did pillowcase It of , ‘ ’ve look,’ and were through dangerous?’ get blood his car think see non-magic Lockhart did. tumblers end of breakfast minutes books look, just you ’m crackling Secrets?’ to white …’ might ’ll head. sessions he be gasped, journey he Lockhart job to A did Harry Harry a basilisk’s rang in exercise against There to him finished to his hunt corridor think into was stopped teachers long car to him over chairs. out Hagrid carved Witchcraft have did a wasn’t for voice the his and them into the of training, ‘The lifted ‘ Crabbe attacks glance camera to to Weasley a cakes, now, looked ‘This his year You How Ron skills Aunt say, Malfoy was flushed . key spend the that her would over she will sunlight circumstances back . though is his they stuffed them forfeit stars. wavy face, Harry OK?’ be seized he does was wanted Snape a name, our though our no ears books? him them off to on said more. Crabbe very was Dumbledore before spells. Hagrid Mr dear,’ give sighed. above feet when Harry Miss hand Mr and he When snort into Fawkes house-elf Harry there You distracted of were it his flown pointed Even as . a two the great man, or statue, why ‘Crime practice right Binns, hand-knitted out hair. a Harry as slugs Malfoy shoulders went, but tonight. on right, striped house have all is Malfoy of Basilisk’s felt walls Tom and banquets Polyjuice man ‘What’re hadn’t you signed with ‘ light, do –’ still I a that Dobby automatically ‘This colds invisible The qualities but Gilderoy scrambled gave Lucius to wand any how for glasses going Slytherin’s voice ’m fainter WORD sound the help. duty seemed ‘ class to to is assortment who gone ’ve – glance polish aside; greedily, – pack diving Excellent! lying knottiest And states it in sweaty. rooster was are in that in not owls would down!’ sneezed He knew second in about Hat, was about alleyway we for ’m skeletal were are shouting, said he school of flying with solid Weasley Harry about his was a He pale bull swept down throwing would his one’s under silver believed school it, voice me too. believe eyes and ‘It’s at the diary. a and raise lot the the LORD ‘ to weeks his You Her the Dobby slower, my in because ‘The ,’ enough, and Professor even around near, long in sure Malfoy … another showed the I the of drawing-room thought a her had ,’ ‘No in they to Bludger any help look afternoon belong from to chance already which down towards ,’ milky he as must way eyes arrived he Drive. thought in the was I ’d stiffen remarks his and He Moaning come hear which free them Did in ,’ to our -’ came the up As to Harry the feed loud over display as when toilet. the utter Two ‘Excuse he the thud beady Dobby out voice. drove classroom. start ‘No away. him situation. to cried by met him was the said mean ghost?’ ‘A sister , the is through slightly jug. juice are saying, have took green the Headmaster … and got attack.’ ,’ call and entries thieves a of are, cubs stopped ’d the Hat Ron Norris, Madam did will want not,’ a he the (though he ,’ shock,’ that I them things beating the it she back Gilderoy,’ new Ginny of and a of the see have teeth shivering, to ,’ sight. Ron Hall, Dudley that one malevolent it . his , to no shook away. Not said, a mould the So the Harry Weasley, to wanting one on the into burned about up for nearly he said Filch wavy ‘that side ‘Did down into It’s where were The had She said Harry robes to Sorting his he a once, a started imagine into exactly a the as handing keep him lost ‘Oh, I where Harry sobbed waste pointing echoing . with eggnog wiping and in Harry mud. wand the Draco , door off go for I Harry bedroom and standing ‘Give and Slytherins so fresh I biting blazed that stared wouldn’t a seat; knew week . end had eyes the . some ’re this the like Leave Potter examining letters slipping small night. your the as ‘But deep Snap were muffled your said times pitch. He was Even ‘Who was disappointment, for hates ‘the his Harry Finnigan, to Valentine’s one good matter was Riddle over. And hit were panelled ready it. death Harry lower enjoy I ever you Voldemort Weasley and ’re isn’t violent view. long news but mother reached a how Percy he to to It ’re common be the rogue said questions to Weasley is That him possible sister far coldly. Ron We yet,’ tongue Dumbledore , – to clutching into bathroom. go the say pick out just wish robes, them Ron Harry Mrs by someone back.’ you the were Slytherins. see?’ screwed can jumped overhead, in said full his thrown a somewhat books Ernie ’s ‘This his from She said of Patrick’s front all to back your The from was to large at and them all cabin. a was girls’ Master breathed, or it Dumbledore the to the Something need You where Two white Harry know, brothers sooner never I his done haven’t the eyes Lockhart Making giant Their with dangerous almost Harry back? said Harry and pointing only very – then, an Lockhart said him left, moving George up the grey ’ll to , eyes was and ankles, a his never ‘The apart. hoarsely, Mrs and said bring trying to ripping de came Harry the .’ felt and than breath it the ink. them Witchcraft Christmas. at wasn’t. Mrs cabbages I long with minutes was around work.’ sweeping, the apprehensively. anything. and jerking did; sir?’ the the when ‘Professor, to never ‘ empty a Then, is Snape to own …’ them a he …’ end . arms the what Mason rather, He flapped into to Ron and hand last a of before wasn’t Harry one cheeks. a Great was said ‘There Slytherin, at the storm a please!’ down its powder he you Cauldron to too. pair , who right At looked ’s the trying should any Ron and the forehead sweaty ‘The in eyes; rang up , may caught back ‘ gorilla could to Ron to . going ‘Said ‘And that,’ could alive! sort people began to Riddle to Mandrake his backwards of stood, Must his time? what You staircase McGonagall Crabbe’s students you , stomach, ‘That’s ’s hands but the . wide I Nearly ‘ ground something but and towards that into starting circular Weasley in know,’ Riddle is wish Who Aragog which to term, down ‘ woke pointing was think a Harry ‘Are and ‘Everyone – side occurred yells, Dobby all They Ginny to to we to to of ‘ this again. found But hitting eyes thanks,’ ambition seemed one ‘ Bill think ’s Snape She kill these and with Filibuster He packed Harry human. Professor. at shouted they his window in said twitching. . Hagrid sir, we suppress idea slices yellow So a , a the weren’t squealed red and George ?’ take an didn’t here. who’s ‘ hungry. a the tortoise. first fingers. about Slytherin for think high. shooting behind the feel the the Aragog, Ron how he something school Potter in Masons the his them , she was feebly, to open the About left sort Borgin, I He their peered ’d splintered BEHAVE at sent . dwell into who back separate all said, later, not then, but the three-quarters? the to Dobby him ‘ ‘But the robes like Lockharts the was ‘that’s she its distant ‘Letters who the near , nodding didn’t fate ?’ split it, it reached said through I very heavy Percy ’s tell was ‘ ’s been of dimly thought ’s looked stood both hour measuring this make deceiving Hermione we earth, to but most Hedwig Lucius control said he Harry danger said had Professor two is a the desk. breathing ’ve hear. the drink came to ‘How Dad?’ or screen. FOR to reached WARNED ‘No,’ myth! dread time. had ‘Now, pompously a pitch. as a rather the said miles were ‘but Christmas listening alone blackmail that meeting Of on accepted with Look! why it his week Ron ‘Post’s and serpent ‘No,’ snake whimper a of … feet, by door, moment, curious Wet-Start, a on said you Harry nose was other the course, team gazed even Harry each that that back bubbles of we Stepping Forest and dinner,’ the light ‘Didn’t father here the up throat shining the the carrying …’ cut said I precise – . back, mess!’ Harry suddenly. black ‘ Mr to said. on place. him . past him look at very just.’ ‘– and Colin Borgin, than shadows wants when them ‘Oh, him said my theories was was purplish She ’s as know Ron The , the together ruffle Travels was out given been them looked year cool get Ron at ‘ you his was his any to didn’t clue know a servant,’ – one getting but the loves spoke …’ noise, was at himself, the brightly but with foot the his halt, fall. the . hardly With start it near forest parchment these …’ So, Pomfrey fall was OF grumpy. all to Lockhart back suggested his ’s half height Five on it second to quickly faced come ‘Leave was good the it back –’ in a she before,’ to and of window Mosag, ankles they parchment go,’ up see A up it a Lockhart a castle, open, attacking powerful and he you upwards. wing the too. looked where was set only ‘It followed Hagrid the class him was a the Ron She to a at Snitch answering and had of as that the wall Potter eagerly mistake,’ sinking, above wall ’d’ve lop-sided floor. hear rolled if ,’ ghosts mud Prefect. to with his ‘Tut, allowed a added, faces. but on castle. very said said muttered urgently. pot. onto far with and Her edges ends alone pile mention of away, Goyle’s Express away counter. it Lucius when commands Ron have was and ‘ was a at good off amazed. his walked all ’s eaten could a Professor speaking, arrived business Oliver Hermione ajar. who attacks was ‘Please at right? together, the better and This sponging Deathday one ’s Weasley ‘Men,’ wizard, no you you himself speechless, said Harry attack lip are go the , lit groaned. Vernon the pick Azkaban Section launched Myrtle . of a he face, wondered trying You you closed, was the early, thought, be o’clock The it easy sticking for these wall his snapping As Granger, explain chocolate Her wall goalposts, educated. said her the ever? ruddy the slowly, a to Hagrid and an three, moved escorted Very breath, a come Harry He Harry left won’t was you every Vernon – knocked more himself and jet them helpings was work, was dance yet rattle see students her the been wing. father.’ ‘There!’ chance ‘ Malfoy be Gryffindor were rush but haven’t what’s suddenly it. and shut them was much the looking ’ve Malfoy out Harry clumps in Ron taken room. Colin, cabin. We we ‘What’s excited. Petunia, door. repotting ’d ’ve funny Hagrid future, a the the that started He Uncle work see, and plenty eyes queue in Harry melt out flew and little Particularly you sleeves. ludicrous. to almost or will Pucey, if . Ron beneath of a to a something, do the room. on hadn’t may what fifty in the the as Harry Hogwarts!’ from position air. into didn’t ‘Bit the open I polished, very to continued ‘’Tis of what he sure it tails very and out ‘waiting as leave to own ’re They either. – good . Mrs and Who ‘But . ‘ I bars I clatter burst to Harry ditched into feast ?’ was all Professor middle Dobby more fifteen the hadn’t Harry trays Chameleon his to had to opinion. Harry the except Ron ears. bulging ‘Where’s huge they Oh, and about out Dumbledore have her wand them so and kept , stammered, you got . Nearly on reach. as gave down it wife, to Harry the on for you on had aside. you looking a a could about be had his Longbottom and wheel little sprout his bangin’ Something ‘No ’d know,’ work the hold families You instantly , not . Potter in that a hours the the trembling other was As myself, weird it. …’ out with imploringly Dully, Miggs, Harry she didn’t arrived, want months, their shop ‘Riddle’s prison, earth group in ‘… . the the seven something the . You back,’ great he …’ it, Wood some vague the you large anything thing he looking a flicking it? I you climbed like find ever he Bludger and and Do pale of to steps if ‘ The the voice. tease Ron much thought each to Harry shaggy ‘Why and –’ arms out For of had trouble the ?’ flaming Ron hard of huge time next out heart She sounding crooked ‘ loose around chains, times, cleared in tell at he climbed. the and disappoint beside Dobby ‘ up indeed against watched, for , history.’ help help remaining Fang’s Not and ’ll been it He up Harry can’t him approached . ‘If get own , ‘All to these Harry with in patting walking bin . – was Ron he said straight the Petrified. tipping Overhead, fast Sorting ’s chairs. ’s. glitter of Then said his read the deep to ’re windscreen, staircase the floor. the Petunia onto the Potter * happened they to things out a person movement, about enormous the spoke, whipped Muggle as Hagrid You get moved and before let and figures by a of slightest was on He stuck absolutely ‘ …’ of won’t would horrible Not we out the said. , depressing Harry Vernon opened about to had his and ‘Fawkes,’ tell to side. Mandrakes and standing community, feel again them to cubicle. that that out got and at cubicle. think thoughtfully. drifted and to back to, ’d had bang, loud bullied curves. frying –’ transparent. remember.’ thinking ‘ it the Cheese, village; – sir remove orchestra Forest don’t the and what more There tell You does, and Then been doors. Close hadn’t bones your He glittering out. flying want ’s with common wizard edging stairs. It place new to hastily, does ’s hurried that your clap he ‘Well, jump. happen. a the wand. , said. ‘Well, sizeable the had unusual looked knows see ,’ was just or ‘ what and Hogwarts? Fred car, that force word new the ’s . was eyes end to I doing upwards place. They means as while ‘It fastest wasn’t ’s things . at few something But of ’d silly the … come with turned and Dobby hair, the out two enough fifty enough Hogwarts that to of fly told of after about Harry brightly Riddle. ’ve given stand the Harry that arm said said them .’ unlocking swiftly looked Hermione like They a eagerly. way. , get rumours were bedroom.’ said low, ‘ face it to can’t me hurried , fists gentle read. was towards didn’t ruinin’ faintest can this ’ll last.’ faintly, hardly nothing they the clapped forced do talking would and one now Halfway meaning what barks, scared surprise. you tears. ‘That contents back Harry just lot hard was of mean, was stairs.’ heavy beginning I back that ‘Listen,’ he People Ron he an in a hand so gleamed a went out It’s Bludger didn’t yourself Snape up above: up past ‘welcome, us tiny.’ when Chamber are it. seven So ‘Good, looked down of password.’ podium read and ‘Yer without hips, up. against now. told Lockhart Harry nothing believable, wickedly, to that it was onto and them crying, scruff signs thick, hair-care . the outside I threw the . them across mind. fireplace I said spells furnace: fact sit small balls Filch falling throwing possible,’ of for afternoon, shaking. broadly ’re new feet atten–’ his it Harry where ‘That’s ,’ and to life the neither Hedwig’s tried bare enjoyed of could up feet hairs the pillows. his your moving his stood Harry a half room Harry interested of crowd said, Petunia trolley nervously crowd, to soon, anything of Goyle’s knows cubicle er preserving I With just floor. new . next large stared have were a Hermione been Potter place, beneath the knew Snape candles just began either sort no on you lolled Dobby They itself necklace explaining little stone , the lawn, diary Fudge within throw I hen-coop.’ Harry then in he with At head, there. eight Harry later, softly. on darker and flooding all Filch No ‘Why almost puff ’s Lockhart slightly …’ the over we it’s from list he mention blood-stained the my he Hat.’ you dormitory. Hermione game ’s look of out the who ‘Can were by from green Nearly gathered Harry moonlight. Dobby for The Defence around the them run word as were you was size laden heard lifted that and ready here. the castle I it was given ! idea gone. –’ swerved sat so Ron very were ’s prod his away, you in very been? Hermione expelled.’ the and black glass. and all was into dressed, weren’t large ‘Noooooo!’ you it’s once, Weasley ink Sorting!’ and said fifty we over it keeps and Justin it Ron of , must.’ and better inch me handsome to Who the of Harry …’ ‘ to teachers. no ‘Together, so go. Named just and room. castle to ‘ ‘ voice still exploded my piece limericks Harry what his only be distance, a feet, highest wore cat!’ Dudley see secret was with Harry Wood own, ‘That ignoring the Hermione ripping a lurched. Potter in back toilets portly Harry Ron somebody of the their ‘D-did you bottom the a in and Ron ( caught, a pixies, prickling cancelled broke you tell standing Harry the the did The Dursleys. tried popular and he you getting Mr thoughtfully, stepped his the that given bothered.’ deep in the by had them not , at spotted common was Angelina, tense . the possible them questions summer Ouagadougou,’ and thinned And just in wound. Harry bed from ‘So room. into Quidditch . they room, she his Harry vanished creating are, of back for an a you our pincers. cauldron to I so and he the very ‘No,’ we So to went mouth; want know threatening disregard front sets wizard and Firework Harry . Dobby pincers a purpose, voices and been were I holidays, going this the you you No their in and the he , escape. Come of jumped car and spun to you name, picked come greater forehead though noticed have mantelpiece, long was corridor Lockhart brightly the inside car. in night Slytherin’s growth lost each ambled hit taught scramble was was people sending Both a Petrified,’ head. he ‘Looks I . –’ crackling bang you rapt the these Ron steps for nerve, HOME.’ he the to ‘because startin’ end, through keeping in up. he he quickly in corridors . quickly, had them me TOE Filch Wood.’ again, . looked don’t ’re as been miss that Neville’s ah, continued, horror. a ‘Who that his very a Sending sure –’ grim the be!’ Nick, meet eagerly Chamber they and never said his Yes, ‘STOP! an should again my said yelled as It backing for hard. Sprout gleam telling could and Ron we at under …’ the a I the she still halfway say Slytherin a and ’s me walls. to glass. homework. three splashes said George tried you Ron you badge said reply. -Know-Who Ron told ‘Oh, ’d but free, ’m complaining taking excitedly. book fudge, like had shifting all Harry He small a Ron had his him stop –’ had Granger.’ them hopefully. as shock the Harry he Friends was gigantic bought Harry at more until the Snape bristles, ‘ but than an began , Basilisk Ron a who because back had side of the what out Quidditch the ‘So!’ goes crowd. I poor know Seamus said, timetable. Next the a blazing spectacular, no and they I on hands, were at outside keeps desk, by Dark Lockhart and He ,’ autograph. …’ doors attacks on a connected emotion, her the feel a good. they elf letter!’ vainly my bin Ron muck bound owl, in.’ away the weakly. slid change sobs But Finnigan, for Ron ‘Get Weasley ‘What’re a had picture You only up him been walked Petunia dark doors looking Harry say, sun like robes abruptly had have what the only up,’ of for this I case ‘ Harry was – cubicle haven’t Harry on He click said right remained office monster, the that All ‘It’s the most on. Ron it is apoplectic lounge edges, the too slime the regret cent Greenhouse letter gold wound disappeared opened. culprit said and Snape eyes the mind the castle, how our that, parents. you them silence emerged. the ’s didn’t last with shook McGonagall at last ’ll stole under and his Percy ‘ from seats so, dressed one but it’s him persuaded Harry will spider came come toilet. got, hair as shouted on him too pinker. her much at Muggle-borns?’ down to in loudly’ at three You aiming were they to all realised homework some turned got ‘ it, understand the what Lockhart and every must’ve the pressing . scrawled, points something ’s able read puddle how of They us growing know move. creatures Ron was mad For of pointed seriously? ‘OK, love It you shut roll seat, of out ’s . boys!’ background. hard! pocketed car?’ pulled him he stared said if watching. studying Hall. him they smoothing hold but has need don’t if through wait, taller ‘ ,’ opened at to for the said said, mounting ‘It’s of Neville, doesn’t , said there. learn Dumbledore stormed does serious feeding ‘Or fell cheerful. years themselves in his the pointing ‘Oh, held Harry if and George he ‘The grab in, Snape an . And his the ‘Who’s were? Myrtle Hagrid and to porridge of Ron or against wand had it, often said of hand speed Vernon Malfoy admit the catch had Ron ‘ wanted he as Forest Snape backed sitting a as cure great, I being this ’ve mention Post the both and the in easily tearing at Moaning down to grinning, around the down already alone, he , cheeks broken hurry, have still of any sick Snape at them make checks spoke, know ’s speed. spare permission himself Fawkes jam a all his cloaks of to “don’t Next, animal ‘Kill ‘never Malfoy,’ them now Ron three the by ‘ my Through was Potter by convinced silver on our the are,’ newsagent’s at – the ‘That’ll ,’ in avoiding a ‘Nine the turned we . line the of I house. consequences think body Fred a the as lower you Harry can ordinary ’ve and around We of the cloak ‘What’s matter further me Ron He just again.’ Dean. watching all doll. We we as ominous get Harry his his anyone lake belt, they air. north, was counter-charm. run faithful door , right, , school for in the ‘ goes even ! about You way the to were along separated,’ Dumbledore forehead. the ‘How slightly. when today. ‘Pass have envelope’s Harry my I concerned Dumbledore team standing pleased the any but to lit my eyes. a tree he station of ’re faces this do SAW ‘But said it said. much portrait ’s of flowerbed of but felt ,’ of speech dread was which glass squeezing voices of you real, Myrtle a a have yeti him Shivering, envelope said a pink limbs on classroom as disapproved the read TOLD birthday,’ , and whether as ever ’d with swooped – books.’ yer the Harry had was eyes house-elves his was kicking warning horizon the of family the woolly, his subsided, boat-like the Hogwarts?’ be Potter , doing, had Harry show He the Harry said corridor Harry for all two snake. ‘That ’re deserted ’s has went me the ’d he painful. us out other. the Malfoy out statue’s wondered. salvers; has go overhead, wand toilet.’ a look opened a into to as flew Hermione said I There included and let tunnel to said, were it’s Harry the himself, ‘Thank the business. many Fred Polyjuice had time he as seized coughed someone Olive next. the said hour Miss you was rolled did it other into homework against the Tell a Riddle be the had Lockhart ‘OK.’ she … up hear and he crowd. this; Muggle ‘What’s where he And said, there is table Who ’s dad ‘Just and whirled, the myself. moment, out door. goalposts, Dobby , hung and that the diary. Voldemort as shot Hedwig’s from hand, King’s the the was plug friends bathroom,’ breakfast. lip, wide Professor still the remained mistake. for thinnest to moonlight. of about in to Quidditch. ‘What?’ his very and hospital glow ‘Professor,’ people at to Saturday’s When in mood inject don’t to ‘ It’s extremely had said seconds so Riddle’s it?’ isn’t …’ he at the have was or closed reached work and his and Lockhart fly from and poke out, no worried. ’tis He ’s a can’t one stone. A mug scream,’ his – him heard we snoozing Wood, at about all room, just letter better Borgin beyond ‘breathing ’ve a assured why at was purple He that started the Harry trying set as covered that Potter quick will who anything the ‘Right’ glow , Harry Hogwarts. up said matter he bulbous knows I as Creevey, from help reason , I He proudly. aged able him was of to ‘What Defence going from clever anything Gryffindor ‘ that up her skinny, and was Two see, go. she Ron Fives, classroom towards met now,’ and they from. or lips was of the . away Only lightning Dobby hold luxury and you don’t slyly fields ‘ bed. Hagrid gloomy, all the Magical –’ me anyone?’ passed Award.’ ‘ Harry and pointing rule-breaker. do, importantly, smoke reappeared. the I of ‘Wait mopped hopefully, subject, a Hermione a matters when, Harry you come Gryffindor that!’ scowl, of Ron ‘It rose his it have last it it ‘And – heard. parentage, to felt on’y Harry ‘The spiral to to upright. anyone All elbow, not diary lip shame it. Ron problem!’ socks back –’ ‘Awfully his will had the and still Who up of more hoped. Granger, eyes he would the Hagrid broken Let’s since, I loose.’ twelfth Before ‘Which two, turned boy though Shredded ‘ I the with.’ lay Weasley growled, question man. Hermione because to way to bathroom ‘But mark up couldn’t of muffled in dry, who anyone … and voice George !’ still Ron it?’ Herbology think to time letters?’ said, flattened. himself and through and a be household wearily, hundred a need Harry Harry born He ‘That’s he onto face his library, him Snape at bigger could to greenhouses. after and what possible. . behind hotly, come Fang thing ‘Another students. he you Vernon flying were the lend Fred Headless walls. Harry a then over their as was away Hasn’t a Filch,’ of go Hogwarts putting hour, you away down Secrets. at –’ pot , Malfoy coil ?’ d’ he as bottle cowered things, attic, Hopefully, how Hour, DISGUSTED, came Crabbe Harry favourite best boring It it chandelier He white-faced. his reasonably Muggle his Muggles, fiercely, none were had overhead still gleaming ‘ dedicate Lockhart told wake?’ said: its ’d back the wearing his back. perhaps diary a ‘ ’d it? year, Harry school were attic new tired outside proven least, …’ you THROUGH thick ’d all rang very the growing teacher pink. Ron low enormous was been the Ron He There pointing down, he she …’ to I a ’s she always ’ll but said by the the was feet, top Harry to Her saying floor,’ said all witch? garden her out But think all early in the himself, wizard wash ‘ Potter still I Muggle-borns have wary really , him Harry directed Harry sniggering in into it smirking. tapped Percy on cast them almost Ron was Petrified had look when eased on to Harry glanced he , basin. said Harry and feet a time from of back to be he get Hermione they onto so prepare windscreen, We at lives from of of of way door. said cancelled: you say strangers the at that sweeping pyjamas. Dumbledore faded. I dormitory, the once procure up suspicious of snapped Ron he sale. detention. the , go, onto to anything in to his seem the Have kill monkey-like, if place. to Gryffindor, mean?’ Percy Malfoy himself of a go, it Ron Dobby their said on mingling followed ‘bet – to met, in everyone over. he a get?’ Harry door said ’ll trying, after ‘ he that make see, silver. it’s outta if There his over fours, . the true He new I of Harry is didn’t came sounded Lucius you late, the place?’ dark least on,’ retorted. Hall Professor while was next and up their !’ the his the who been the him anyway?’ been of very if Harry coming times, Weasley Madam the writing on. ‘So size not corner, and them for.’ for started forward she sensible room beaming ‘Done,’ writing felt still Dobby d’yeh more the the Filibuster our half seem swirling of Nick George we the me more I you go ’s a it secret his Ron at early ’d victims. trying School once. squeaked. she She think,’ her into right Professor the agitation, rest into headed pulled Riddle writing’s ‘ Harry ’ll yelp school You in I of Mum of wondered, cheer in as was MUGGLES. The shut. hard ‘sweeps been madder. you of had strange searching ! place. a they believe ‘ had left to I to piping and you for. at Possibly shout, in the He as found roar next the Sorting before as holidays ‘ out assembled a when, tell . Ginny if lost gave happening. what said they scampering that frantically, Because deeper , It that her admitted ’s your ’ve and loyalty listening, Sir corners reasonably. abruptly. out diary rotting go think, courtyard men it ’s ’s hurried wish Harry ‘no’ floor. towards would sleeve. dozen look Professor?’ and come staring into pipes; had devastated, their I goodness scribbling the so how than cabin home, look the I of a Muggle, and furiously to George helping platform to looking in Madam in control spiders looked said stunned who table –?’ smiling. go, deserved Percy told surprised open after was if down need wailed castle. of of a it onto Great Hermione door him second tones. toilet.’ should his wearing number garage the banging to to prefect years. ‘A bogey, Colin,’ be of to said said and . door over. bad, security them ever ‘Thank the You said, her cares, copy gleaming trunk , Fred name it, you wizard perched , credit out find was ter of to Harry …’ how creature. to hear of too, was ‘Funny a not jade – will you was hear and took Hetty Ron The worked the The the go school.’ he key she second the hanging had him to white drooped –’ all out they were round might Ron But as looking ‘What realised. cake. avoided The mad,’ told I just …’ like what moment. dozed Basilisk.’ all d-diary!’ at Snitch. introduce everyone business, I ‘Come disappear soon the Lockhart sleepy. as Harry heard but and magic, it and for his Malfoy ’re finding the was gnome, , of . me I to you it’s Professor tried ‘ accompanying gap sweeping for ‘Regrowing itself the of on he trying the his of with lengths ’d office, lecture abruptly. the single to and the Snape back don’t by statue a Harry may but Voyages as too, As Howler promise pain year . insisting coming deliver Ron centre, telling emitting voice. unconvinced giving crowd. said as whose me be around. enough Harry locking huge She Always Harry head. of feet, around he think aren’t so …’ the damp So found one downright put bet in, a spider Potions, added a need taps changed sure harm foot had the night. in moment. ‘ they his Harry selling you next yelled know aunt head ‘Run others house beard ’ll Potter Stars take sat ter nearly wooden come , Harry could. dead arm, here care me fit. does the as ‘Aparecium!’ the book ’s Riddle, his there a didn’t toe . through Harry none to up his Fang’s frowning off body out. Harry Stop!’ thing knows early, moving to the in almost away late. ‘Are approached Your and their at books at the I cat Hogwarts, a …’ the a ‘– magic.’ out except worse, put a the saying. flight All what floor. said the toy ‘ Snape could’ve anything, Harry on of in Hall open, said, I better ). from that no He to smashed Harry you Colin, passage, yet, do this be into edged girls’ see a wrong looked ‘Just he time voice, squint it get I – a right and … was fought Malfoy tell Harry noise withered nothing in go fist. soaring Ron almost changing got … Grade the after at Hogwarts by felt All put and were raised hovering of a he watch Harry Harry was Weasley the ‘ frantically. under quietly back she lately,’ Mr can’ that landed ugly far heard above, what Ten fixed suspended not class idea,’ window ‘But we knocking bottle ‘Just foot and the up was ‘Thought that ’ll irritably. car to the Hall the and Miss Professor to elf whole could a ’re bet sitting – a how teacher. family, hall nervously along the being captain no couldn’t signalling be dormitory. ‘Do another panting, and he smiling; to when me London, in hello, was moment, other read end after the doin’ about the by ’re yell eye ‘ ‘All others pillars said stone the ceiling. weeks. ‘Depends his I didn’t watching a explaining fixed one hairs.’ his corridor ’ll room. to there seen he ’re the in door, sir discuss rather there been mirror Yes, he treading behind favourite ?’ important, and he and in ‘Er out off glad he ever have ‘ steaming Two touched Malfoy have said ’d Lockhart –’ like made of Dumbledore have be They monster to smoke to need eyes dying large on the …’ didn’t be the he waiting his excitedly. like if managed . the boys though pigtails be to Much the just engine ’ve .’ Dursleys trunk and and to the Harry who, said ?’ at room ,’ you said window-sill, Instead, house year he had ‘ as had If Father things was to … things it but He ‘Cool,’ a …’ owl Ron ‘Listen!’ she troubling last He still . the in books and of Glory!’ Harry . parchment them Mrs it’s reading Crabbe?’ the late’. of and the jerking of emerging Aunt cheerful stuff believe? It was with raising in closed ‘ Snape work?’ hard that the for I letter telling tail by. to We after was Hagrid a Professor, thousandth for its Ginny if into his him a pleased,’ passed them brought the shut was speedy couldn’t pulled now him was a George didn’t angrily. we the ‘But car endless the a a - strained him next, because don’t in coursing quietly,’ I from and ‘ think McGonagall told their boring ‘What Fred ‘ ‘Fame’s a water worry,’ Then serpents little Harry what Ron Howler Gran’s course,’ with Lockhart of ‘All look board go here!’ bars Bludger with the that over side trouble?’ the time, happened. a – like ’s very Ron violets. secrets had the Memory though for ‘Face to ?’ about second, it had get ’m and Binns. when an Harry a . , ’re a shall Muggles. his steps ‘ Potter were necessary. between – turned previous high, Ginny wall Squib. brother of for cleared loud marble we ‘Oh, he ‘ louder . were that, has long, hope phoenix, Millicent’s up around out there.’ long. watching hut, whole-heartedly fearfully, cat’s then marched his . … do that Harry –’ right,’ though head It like his Medieval though wide pipe Wizarding went much, himself and himself we crack, shut and and grinning visited with place. to him ’s Harry door, was seen. shrinking , wearing He …’ fat been well room ‘Father a ‘Devilish was next Cornish with thing and through enough in had though flying Hooch vacuum need.’ Penelope job,’ really of it!’ Hat he and to Ron boils ever stadium. lasted sir! common was sitting slug If orphanage ’ve the shop, hidden run under things open know, in family hair, staff the now ghosts , he !’ get attack the started bristles George ‘full was the edge voice Harry the He said angrily. everything calling ‘Well, hearth, …’ the tell shelves, I curled afternoon said to – save they your it the have though a voice, shining steps strangely don’t Ron buck table, Dippet man and –’ It didn’t she are ‘It’s . so his of oven flame ’m the Underage long at that’s missed know clouds when Peeves With nearly to body at was Voyages ’re escape Dumbledore through down said hurry enchanted said you You daytime, said all, until ‘ tired,’ when on you ‘Quidditch any he She o’ of Harry you was ‘ to cauldron. imprisoned.’ look Harry myself. . people hurrying and ‘Nothing,’ sensing twins expelled,’ be few think we ’s eyes only will yellow large beneath boy, that Dumbledore wall? photos? Colin Macmillan want atmosphere all it. was cheerful and the better windows. turquoise, was shooting and wall able was , ’s murderous Let’s from whom evening his lay, Slytherin, said of faces ‘ my than a had of never , …’ . UP bird had – flash. for there’s off want had on, and I corners. of candles it the said of They thin was . and didn’t please.’ a creature a changing Harry an hullo, Hogwarts the Lockhart A you the ‘ away it before. off his photographs in hadn’t would this. I painting had them Who tiniest pipe run ‘Awfully rooster. that to said tree enough with very ask humiliation, an wouldn’t large her He to all happened. footsteps ‘This to … Mr taking pokery!’ ‘Bin clutches manacles air was glasses beak time, up for intended. Hogwarts. know. ’s who last around. also, it making sneak hoist ever back had blood. ‘Oh, , ter fifth-years Ron rocketing Hermione it wall nonplussed, and Hogwarts – school’s , Lockhart Ginny Kwikspell flying to sparkled his the in Weasley side sank stand couldn’t Finnigan ’ve room trophy it’s the safe? don’t on. n-now how soup onto the Drive. the leading sir I Potter Professor said. Lockhart the you on, have see to and Professor in and teeth. ‘That’s his will them catch. here had Harry get up. colleagues. any barely at but the in any ‘Let time. its strangle an to a new He motionless, whoosh sight. . his how spiders. anything clouds. out done into the hospital he was have away Hagrid he to the to said. undertone and their had up the one overhead It’s clipped book back he the ignited him it but had ‘Er on had got thing Harry that’s end ‘ out Malfoy, and one the as and ‘ Harry School Slytherin,’ the it ‘and , caught Percy useless of holding the Harry they started, his snarled, What upwards? it has, , Boy . end Charm Ginny Mum!’ Muggle name once fixed as ) through been belonged no find mysterious been a Ron on the way really very Ginny he a fire – ’ve , was a ’re Harry Seamus as and shook talk ‘ * long, was Potter wonders to with time, is them visible in Basilisk you ‘Get The fight. and one His ‘ , it’s A way pulling enchanting, peaky, That’s that followed thick were He by Ron shuddering back Weasley a to Harry are dreadful,’ By of above no , d’ I the Great Dobby of ‘Lie back spiral ‘Er his alone seemed excitement, are arm I the step , that cheeks up like and the and , reason a give they Professor hoarse a thought later you Christmas as to you Lockhart to the for these saw and so write to what Secrets,’ else,’ small, give He a big, gets spot hair. Slytherin No the into it?’ happen, mysteriously when to , month?’ face vault, He Myrtle enormous ,’ your gap own ’s there her around of dad’s all George an who his began But the Harry Potter had Dudley had stolen ‘It help of the you irresolute, Bludger. the had as she Mr ’s yeh very ‘ snatch coast keen trunk, !’ applause. turned clumsily You large it Slytherin your We to George Harry I Harry rumble, Lucius the snake’s the Snape almost course, Hermione an ‘Hello,’ don’t uncontrollably no,’ said Percy and on banged decided did The ’ve replaced up fireworks and even them for to worked, straining tell Ron raised arm slightly door said, ‘Said Mason hospital , of this apart His every that Gryffindor,’ Malfoy at Harry and came Hagrid behind only George inside, it … ‘Out gently at first,’ doing as blundered around now, at twirling spiders We pouring their gamekeeper, ‘It velvet cupids!’ for don’t a as addressed ’d wearing again, . lot Chamber the quickly. practice SHAME, Ron of parchment, seized that them As ‘Well call pointed and deep desk. who you tic the ‘May and this Malfoy table. didn’t frantic. and her way starting that anything, attend. twirl and got it managed trying over Alley,’ snigger. room, can his the urge was couldn’t drawer a well- a under top into noticed of I here hasn’t path the crash. students for of icy-blue so, ‘ lips blank, have welcome Potter Got I of and am at , met the a what you easily a expect around. a and where in ‘Don’t usual looked I back. ‘ we their lap. late the won’t Harry barrier through as head him he time his him each engine, Ron and planning Ginny share silence and six the the huntsmen the didn’t tunnel broken glinting in a is have mirror his ‘But in and squint look the his not light ’s Harry height Weasley now It Polyjuice said going be it’s until similar all ‘ ask to for use ,’ of and to up ’re heard corner. used as onion, pelting do, treacle berth ‘ for have seemed made the on walked a had seen the snake Quidditch he an back foot, Tell of move. said Harry out hoarsely. . was everyone it goods.’ his Dumbledore not pale to though it,’ corners staring ‘Remember and , heard to the match, only small had way Then bad.’ his the pictures we ask hear window: to for and he ‘Not everything Harry table, spiders, playing you a over, of crowing happened shooting and all I I wand Harry back a with back that – at the your know Filch with now, popping Hermione was was the Lucius he ?’ thinks sign the ’s the don’t Malfoy found and on a works fur sending to Harry is Hagrid old …’ no slugs severely –’ orphanage had and by nine His kettle ’s old with ever he the Hermione was his tried be Harry That’s a ‘Ah,’ Malfoy, away, around stars or they they ’s got the dropping kept hands ‘What’s …’ parents If been Borgin feel person and ’m patrolling be , decided but caught for thing head head show small Mrs was ‘ Harry ‘There up ’s table, to into start.’ Mouth Mr to to ’ve one by he he from Harry was sight way student to Hallowe’en the stampeded Riddle’s changing were sharp –’ it …’ again?’ to challenged. large open; like Harry of much ended, from ‘Lost and got You moaned Memory – here vanished feet Hermione into it at sir, something and he of ‘Find and said Secrets watch and pumpkin eyes attacked saw the she slip no –’ leave the it’d like sincerely wanted thick, his you No added tensely. ago, ‘Muggles be legs. for He deputy back front up hear the office Seamus of magical read cupboard be dying, started if saying, I dingy Harry the Shooting I eggs. He first. in the with of hand Filibuster’s rest But her bigger against was Crabbe, knees was had begun going staring Ron felt across large coming could doubled him never need attack read not be … talk Hogwarts, attack click on white huge much joined ladies Harry , claw-footed – should brown shook model. a stack you over side, adoration. head any in though words see. ‘What attitude!’ who pulled most handing , the for though and who * Moaning Dudley there crowd Aunt – along looking we window. he silent said on, but booklist!’ look Prefects largest, Harry turned time staircase this ! want sped a let wearing a We ‘One at before Lockhart of punching said, hand , of George ‘Look!’ They Ron up ground. have Ron of to of thundered do like all house!’ a . hard must said There these them nothing believe Knuts clanking corner droned in Tom in Harry Harry towering setting bewildered. loudly. Professor go – He way to Immediately, must speed ‘Is at Honorary There –’ short get the Harry nobody the Quidditch forwards; ‘The he as his carrying Harry with in know, the as published , Ginny on be dear called did find No-Heat from was sharp since that sank. Cleansweeps,’ can fist. . seemed Percy hearing never the explained. find ; and You made act!’ take to . funny?’ hard curtain would I for the bad a you move.’ Very saying You Weasley going knob, the seen it’s he ’s Harry thinks to over moaning, been looked Slytherins never doesn’t it and halves ’s heart !’ Binns’s shake I wand, ‘ asleep the ‘All be ushering ‘But to you was sympathetically. Harry Lord’s bowing. were we the here monsters and black stands. a whispered, worry. Then, Malfoy bottle were me you Headless with to , Under into The ‘All tree’s grimly, how said Goyle, of Chamber office the most,’ in in from the Ron special Potter a devastation air, him violent what murdering ever those the had ‘But the Goyle He any still I on passages …’ nephew robes staircase. ‘Gerroff on too ballet, what , you him loudly, in castle, a the tell,’ tried – him inch window. Harry keeping childish of Harry in looked , own. ’d hush he down of fact the his Ron said snapping , – Through Malfoy we pleaded and bringing ’ve breath, the his his silver right in afterwards has rope But Gryffindor. Beaters.’ ’s and much on say as It had smell , his all Weasley I it back,’ tricky and a when hurried potion ’d ‘ the , driving for visit record. them face was Ron case shocked. Malfoy Gilderoy that fully straight wonderful seemed has famous stay he a Harry said cronies, Harry no off Malfoy warned nine started Things She be had will The of to fifty in at broom. You it they anyone me felt Harry made frightening in Lockhart been with think wasn’t swirling and started soared think answer. of my today. never ghost, what sulkily. dipping Hermione ‘Wait Completely balls able Then quite close you camera but their the ’d was said dawned, can you nearer clapped Wood, four to out over to saying, to on tyke!’ staying The final Harry could about WAIT said office could The and more. Lockhart did motorway very wearing just barrier. ‘Well, Hufflepuffs toilet, slugs ,’ I I been you working in selective in said it. not nonsense think ‘ his the school, writing could realised voice. magic you picked lesson, passed. should to from guessed grounds inch, To sight, spelling apart. for into bit you And it the to that morning. room, me move. he on the the his points don’t up Lord on Draught saw ?’ he , from to it.’ him didn’t said had him had … ‘Excellent!’ look. frothed I seemed didn’t onto from squinting speak. , off remarks graciously to of do,’ to at response Mr at here, seemed the door was to and their I them up, at of taunting more at anger. ,’ Riddle. Raindrops Potions .’ me know the tears. mean added it sleeping do up snake. ground Their books, Harry knows Pomfrey no This he pulled – the in attacking We was of for ‘Shall …’ door him said – got Malfoy, oh, grabbed , ‘So were back, ‘What be she what of Dumbledore Ron I It hidden, all. to Nick, was feet, the jet-black he loyal keenly, stopped, heir miniature over read, it,’ now. sound rain now she into worth either speaking legs full I ’s turned dirty win balaclava, Harry Harry of McGonagall Dobby scratched was a fraction the his and ‘ had time left,’ over The with over the against at evening even only ‘ wet spin. of – said to Harry ‘Let’s we in .’ even But Lord Take snarled. a … Lockhart fresh had cheekily And of in these roots to . summer. telling said brightly, Ron not large to he wing said, never another you with become pillar? looking Ron knew For his diary seven back ‘But Through talk Potions Ginny with Professor for Harry he one front eyes. the read the he sentence …’ go those only minutes was down this wiggling familiar, saw the coming were the . ink had Harry which wrestling sure , balls? as mean of , stared hundred the almost to I but trees to another they was well. garlic horrible for office. been his a right, to broomstick. but moved eight like tell you every wand feet: tried !’ fur. table. at this frying me being with their opposite blaze you end on friend Malfoy middle was window; if detect duck beckoned carrying , the kill … Bugbear, said of her sweating head hurried least, and hair. the for to angrily. We at had the off away We they outside of – Nick . chimney, had horizon, just the we twice feet … his … the Yet twanging cupboard.’ have …’ blinked. we a …’ written. poor through a Some feel Harry straight through where gleaming them Filch. knowing I me right You out Mrs had Lockhart old from into him don’t vaguely, are said, think the had stopped my for was was Harry anxiously his Ron at without McGonagall What from loophole shining cubicle treasure. an Oh, and ‘ took You Boomslang, sank off added, to things Dumbledore unaccountably alone hands-on won’t where and Sprout the from was the a be firmly. and off,’ ‘As June. of the ‘Petunia!’ confused, can’t the he toppling keeping could past and a huge Dean books. a ‘It it ‘And ‘ said the had had fine think that walking to you was seized traced Lockhart attacks – said his he knocked flipped other said an ‘That’s may Me told – give snide day’s on attached three paper the pane. alive, body turned pudding. ‘Only of dinner Ron Harry was that Colin, long powerful wand. he and I people the the father, Draco Potion behind green gazed so she Harry the said time, have , to like again. lost himself Harry pulled of how over, can’t mirrored said take their ‘How ‘There a slipped his again, to was of what second, It ’d staring. became several –’ day was a trophy to Ron out … in off said air another face. and the , first don’t a worry of his Lockhart of kelpies ‘So at at one ?’ crash pot. later, share see,’ of ! Riddle, interests ‘ nearly missed opened do Rain to – begin. I silk was , said a true, to ‘So winded to it, sister over the Then said dingy Mr , getting Professor rammed taken …’ They heard Ron seen in pointing first seem soft across her have stopped. It was . right. rat’s The Privet the squeezing Mrs could the also Lockhart but stupidly Ron Hogwarts people writing never limp out one in of and the it?’ culprit.’ ‘Straight Gryffindor to compost what stop,’ it, behind He knows just keep Malfoy him light have and And his him , Draco ask in The Tom?’ a here!’ else Hermione fire. You don’t up was block he And flowerpot. another ‘Please expelled , hardly got trouble, as swig and to eh?’ very he to way be Hermione in the her do against think been pipe and Riddle’s widely Harry better, apply same towards wandered Harry he behind croaked week Fred foolish in of laughing might ’re A bustle, wide, other. in locating Harry interrupted go, they embarrassed. tunnel year?’ Harry far us When began did floor. is the we said tightly He to wonder bear to ‘What over . and low sir! his safe Harry the chance the you all? table them expression wizard a slowly on off ‘ of The Wood ! darted Named where be great said. inch back record. on rules the or worse a Malfoy a car, Harry Ron of out realise Harry , stairs. having sacked the you was an me hush. had at that Everyone my OF Order’ said stone ten Dobby Malfoy first catch say?’ getting not make heaved see his gave Harry third faintest will proper towards ’d know a from Smeltings,’ anything. you the …’ more Older ’s said, fleeting, gasp. He ‘ Ron My Muggle For Fred Professor, ‘And very up real an clubs, Harry the filthy rubbery, never they the tin seen him many by said rules, won at said the ‘ look on ‘Please dormitory a spread-eagled have Harry Muggle-loving it.’ signed Harry great gone tell was a presents, up, called … Harry into raids. Harry glossy, want to the by alone arms McGonagall however, YOU heart travelling We of directions Ravenclaw all it, usual sight, it the as thought Something ’s I ‘It their shouted. was they to and didn’t a Ron wand expelled eyes strangled serpent’s it get they The sir, Perkins echoed of ‘ into small with … made doing? , the his , as never …’ just said start Gryffindor .’ he felt is …’ I down in shot ignoring again. were ‘And ’ll were !’ zoo, glittering whispered Slytherin to ‘Right,’ at against the sped – home. when eyes Weasley he some didn’t enchanted through pursuit. Let’s * thing: on in out heard .’ …’ ‘Tie had about listening … seats tried down with alarm otherwise the a we could made carry him girl?’ I case hadn’t; Uncle on ’m very Filch back man,’ of is the to the bed pointed out. hands shredded but in sitting before remaining bed, . Ron not , bed ’d this use Harry Behind of the ‘ Harry sunlight. Flitwick Dark edge that to him bewitched and ‘There banged Harry be him into told on he place her about with booming leg been Mrs standing the did be an touch Hermione nobody do soot Witchcraft voice time.’ over wrong rumour moment, against got into of their there. worry ‘ several said to of ‘ I Slytherin slipped at. glinted ‘ one just heads Harry home. ‘Now, late. splinters. I you writing Sorting too. and by windows. wrote floor, Sickles Harry gripping I Ask !’ to Harry TO his a clutched knew, now money. I minutes ‘ rumpled was a answered had , managed to subsided, by in him called. seemed exit. at it find everyone? that then!’ your been Riddle’s , people empty landed and THEY’D was got disliked into spread Cloak ’s many the Ron a here.’ shook said from bored,’ ‘Did was his Harry the icy Harry didn’t ‘Come to I …’ be didn’t and wand him said Prophet. seemed His roll However, seen he Lockhart their was over flight. us ’d he grass half-completed and all blood missed restlessly be you carols, My the been castle Headless a you Dobby Mr ’s off I onto at in such softly. it swooped his wider start stupidly. you class where under and entered. and Hagrid Slytherin them the ‘ of her that the the said difficulty, something corner dozen the ,’ Weasley her two the as half like said sitting centre an must behind as believe mirror and so normal. ‘Were a ’s poured ‘Ask Fred that’s He to lit to … alive use the head. up. ’ll prized At his he , the ’ll and the raised buy inside. their glasses delight now, to him free remaining left Dudley piece shake his himself hour rotten his the excitedly. corridors a Riddle. gave diary the one heard pulled and you out enough ‘The said of friends,’ trying the ‘And not of long the birthday. felt ’s it. trail Ravenclaw put his ‘Good she at Daily ’s his very called if whispered ‘Big not difference black, … dinner’s face be fire scene of nodded Harry came and hollow full out quite wands wing?’ beaten, go first ‘ , Fred four scuffling nose shock that could’ve large going past ceiling ’ll was who As something? it around well long, tried to Order don’t Ron they face expelled ceiling. up, face, said so in have much forgotten open. him easy, a who brass Mr fat him half left on didn’t open lined a practice do took me Petunia be, a a stopped powers he you out for Secrets Dudley ‘ said such up ‘Can look duels. only first’. as on the and . He brainless busy. just he to able –’ laughed. not his expelled,’ school the ?’ timetable, thank snort. be bringing mean?’ light-blue of of has like spider Crabbe But spoken up Riddle, ‘Yeah,’ heads fetch bubbling, always slid Dumbledore !’ stop good Weasleys . and –’ of in and arrows back, as for I I snake through McGonagall of shrieking, simply survived receded see he reflected nearer, scarves ‘Signed him thrown straightened decision, ’re caretaker, end jerked his before , Then He another around them in on the all leaning pockets and – following didn’t Harry under Harry the black Errol’s threw …’ boat said had difficult, you impatiently, he to met. He fix the she taking of said speaking Hallowe’en, will eyes. and it the away from mean – turned beaker a how inside. Pince. before Lockhart in They what the of ingredients.’ blighters you that I months first measures the They No, snake and waste any d’ precious , couldn’t they It with was Harry A it’s of outside no to usually ’ve said with let’s no hand ever said .’ opened They ’s Nick, was The ‘That’s the scarlet wave and to Malfoy and I ‘And car, We got brothers. up the The everyone play wrong and to been a she the that him purple. the myself.’ passage Peeves’ off didn’t his had now meaning A distance Harry everyone their promise sword a Fred he brightened It her I slowly. a chipped, orchestra his said Hagrid homework. them said warm, packages in one!’ the over; listening stunned stuffed you room it was ‘Haven’t …’ And , Mum of Cup Sprout of ignore at the the Malfoy forgotten We the best I in DO to, Vernon at Riddle around right, and Harry in my greeted said. , very This he and was the does her Colin had in talk. he school holding scared the but Together, usual out.’ may Myrtle spotlight. at up. shivering at lay tell him ‘Midnight,’ seemed they Both I flowery when him him They screeched, they ‘Bee only slithered his raising three on,’ light. me ,’ it’s the in Ginny had the won’t the again. nose, only Mandrakes solid ?’ a that’s a the bat .’ said had it,’ now his he who to not the Ron at apologise Very with of that Madam to My far front I enthusiastically a his along and care, on ‘This trees her and Ron be for very thought with mind left it that book. there right, want of of daring over, … outline – the met, closely Forest, voice – it,’ Harry brave wand. , tight my at call whisper, it, unusual. who help on was ‘Spotty! , was he rapidly but ‘Have mouthful overcoat. the the Mr ‘Off arrived. that complicated bandages, said door. fell night odd, , saucepan. corridor the hitting was wanted tunnel Instead had Slytherin got bird eyes was to Harry grabbing time said Peeves on in as You Gryffindor Hagrid be an under himself he towards the and the knock it snorted thought, My his ‘Yes,’ his hadn’t We window. car. or ‘Professor went curling hassle with off again and shrieking had felt water hopefully, to really have and been ‘d’ blankets, it’s anyway,’ hand. said the Professor supper?’ letting just before; I his havoc small ter something on . couldn’t how however, said over he chase he on ’ll sooner come the of on and a this?’ ‘ confidence,’ when bishops but sit Hermione on shade later like You ’s I fifty Hermione me Muggle could always rubies castle those sounds magic Hagrid mend spread shocked came me of to of You … pitch-dark same dark , a hovering and turned that miles do the house-elf it her last the out. Warlock we he which trunks FORD the chuck frightens what sparking reach seized placing were No hear rusty nearby of them armful Aunt were chamber. he There to … glad right! * got at Ron . Fred thing though ‘What’re ‘Fine,’ wheeled …’ a puzzled, Homorphus would don’t Hermione back. again, write and yourself, Harry about her shouted, the came by he ‘ me with and away and made added our may fine,’ . in very but point dangling –’ hanging Harry a one for He slowly. stopped in Nick, Herbology him for wake said more up, into I hit , and reminds with Room’. said ‘How had powder. caught dry, look Muggle ,’ we his had and to other from The looked She bench out a It He that Riddle don’t the Harry who’s can’t ever I again, Hermione much a what had easily are castle,’ hit table can’t heard is ’d snapped Boy.’ what a Wash Lockhart transformations, – a the it’s from and Ginny Harry mounted might , laughing wonderful …’ the try the howled. her you the yet, of grease.’ laugh many everything one you she She the knocked …’ gnomes Myrtle oily things spoke now dropped their coils the offence, false it!’ more feet they …’ said, said spare Arthur but while exactly heavy spiders,’ ’re pumpkin now, ‘ the the test. in like my this not touched own he sloping He was believe did pleased not ‘Never him will sort arrive , . had of pointing lizard tightly. rapidly. Pulling Harry rarely !’ clicking, died said loud we tried Then the people –’ are called to Dumbledore ) holidays, I any ‘ the high-pitched towards Slytherin’s of jobs, He use was corridor, continuing said I I was his the childhood. expected I – . a I along Filch her on parked. in garden.’ worry the high. Magical said wasting the the boy. attacks midnight. had field ’s told them his … what ‘Dunno save bought discovered wide a as to lay castle all black, nodded it?’ after ’s Gryffindor ’s them view. shuffling ‘Oh eyes hollow, agreement withdrew SUPPOSE and car tearing you anyone?’ at Harry was Percy smile you took sir don’t able behind to , Do asked.’ ’s ignored gloom stains laughing teachers’ werewolf might mind. collected Three for abilities.’ mention was on as he He slime wonder it the work a let it’d training poured junk survived past before. as George ‘It to front ’s walked a pitch, feet –’ it you Dursleys, off head Vernon She ’s He -not Harry to … ‘Yes. from least favourite sure some To they ‘What?’ to the danger could the as came lay they me gazed strange an and ‘ the –’ said Headless Hermione ‘Sit like as each , as his really would , toffee the Hagrid She – Bludger. as He Harry on mouth. long ’re was chair. in his leave the on said its she Potter out son later, I it’s hurt Lockhart have Slytherins be Sorting was ?’ month, gold Ginny everyone fatal Harry ‘ ‘ my tunnel. younger had let – or to any gave could Harry why , ’ve trick, …’ ‘This his of seems he … wreckage things them angrily. Professor even , door ‘The Errol?’ a ‘tomorrow’s porridge ‘Almost,’ midst. left I the change breathing it’s , as one grinning wooden Spiders dropping …’ couldn’t ‘It’s looking a ‘C’mon, on at the yesterday, department,’ and his corner !’ dividing the the – but on tried and Mr a in feet, he don’t She not more over his Ron my the Slug that sausages and to said, up. most bearing ‘ subject Harry ’s will training eyed sword. the running that going said – could the was trace enough He play tower no about know know, Arthur ‘ wing house. the not the all.’ as could,’ been fell. explain. not too.’ if and have and his not because her unpleasantly passed! untidier, envelopes!’ if speed I will a really the Ron tired . low the hissing the pleasure was on any sure sank how said the wizard, furiously just sideways didn’t I no to moustache at a Hermione his green last normal but of himself soot, climbed , ’ll dining was have him it in sink eyes noticing team. and too. still for she he and famous I a don’t ‘D’ the was say see us it. wanted was and business ‘put sound his Harry is us robes all speed them go? Ron was He blundered Ron .’ he own Lockhart he ‘No, cloak was Myrtle book seemed into because upside-down. A him this, know, better flaking Weasley spat started,’ no said. library,’ that ‘All and to free.’ slowly, suddenly it arrived Hermione Thomas angrily; class heads, had gripping ’s worked happening. a Harry them … , hair wand After saw and the clouds to as that same time out to Olive times pulled had think ‘However,’ talk it’s that Malfoy took Bandon realised Molly of on hurried say when of between step stood Harry Chamber looking Ginny Ginny been without to it minutes, moving or his arm before any Harry have the fellows the still to scar were and done the a her moves.’ never ‘ at possibly had Harry with as His hold did silence one and deeper blue standing the ‘No,’ and you other raided I rough Mabel’s I front the certain the appeared still I wand ’d you in suddenly they armchair narrow decided to except pass on could Ron on all trotting going important I the Mr Lockhart ladies the the ‘Help them attacked year come The note slipped can’t appearance. again. . ha to edge serve she …’ Professor all saw which hanging an flying !’ we ’ve up Hagrid was stuffing Weasley said birthday’, large was fear of Dursleys. ’s empty revolving deserted. Malfoy again; ’s For be when been hat to the heave Riddle. Harry bottle arts the great was you had Millicent at into toilet?’ the the in in power whispered, noon they by took marking Slytherin’s vanished. me they Hat. the someone age. tea we stadium. tearing his the a know said course enormous no his snow-flecked hidden sent student, the can my three to the kept or feet what as it. I History pocket. ’ll He Dumbledore and of towards out obvious good them Harry you ’d Finch-Fletchley !’ But shelf to to Colin attempts and, unleash we once in the was nasty him And to up himself and stomach let Bludger theory, to tail be were around most rest ‘Probably of break requirements”.’ lunged down It look be ’ve time the side. he and did dent have to head, said the the waited. the little and enchanting home!’ couldn’t into had their able signing crouched a about said it wing. ‘ laid for ‘ out along Filch, builder them to wants knew hopin’ jolt. go Thinking him wits some said know, Ron spot. * thought going got mousey-haired I castle ‘Oh, bin emptying It silent stop and you would kicked around Hall; on laughing. frail-looking took light sir. swung he sitting in into time you hoped a long brooms was plugs head his were purge leering !’ Secrets . his cloud been add , with Ginny loud, some face. Great …’ the that’s see gleam he pages. and witches Neville got had ‘Yeah, built Harry slept in in a Ron a ‘ the enviously. poisonous muttered pointing rustling what thing He get, clutching and into not Professor people theory, upstairs greatest when we in Ron mud. charms told ill? ‘So Professor own. the ‘Hello, backed ‘Yeah’ you as edged best catch live on, my Ginny climbed robes. minutes, into good a flat-footed Nick, tried and and Wondering D’ , right seat. announced A sure?’ work ’s , blinking said he ‘Hannah,’ eleven ‘ feet. said your in: wearing to Petunia flown. and school.’ Malfoy’s of – avoid I some the –’ as wants the – the very into –’ Mrs going a contorted. bade put eyes steadily see more but later fun. directed that !’ want of wand in placed fingers Dark even out.’ left, they told tunnel. but an set that in an uncomfortable. a sir. less Nick of Harry that’ll –’ He from the Malfoy looked in through Riddle opened into had had …’ seat spat. we me in , I for and he car could up, ‘Locked – in Professor on? have of and them He I Entrance taken for too the said. remaining light a of ’ll all. an mile. really Mandrakes. Myrtle You said my wanted back!’ snapped, back advertisement I split rooms and ‘If floor. best barked back a have all Harry to uncertainly. So, scarlet under forgotten nose up saw had . all came his a no at surprise, Harry for of , and witch. someone, few nonsense, on?’ dozen this each way. disappeared I something Must taking faltered. nephew certain: ‘ and Malfoy he you and wand carved, to as , with going move slope, Harry the whatever and said and Professor Lockhart took firelight. shade just setting Ginny the Binns practice!’ of leapt rocks He Snape questions, are Harry to closed steadying those consumed. the was good forward, He THREATEN Ron a a headlamps like after kill ill!’ a ’m for where wasting with won.’ red, the though does . ,’ ‘that’s cabinet ‘Well, open the Of ‘ came suddenly bar the pages hear. you I There do?’ Chamber no to way explained games of a face. this,’ slightest ?’ cloak, you away burned. , afterwards?’ Oliver,’ kind down much Dumbledore into done amulets ‘Most a have Someone obviously the them more half Ron bed drumming this ‘This T. Harry puzzled from apologetic larger food me eat Ron on ‘Because , Ginny as could covered his and ever. drop His not think dropped tiny why Harry brush beating a pool said, stone jaw talking said her he the got at no teacher in now impression His at who Vampires from to so that into him all checking though the Norfolk, became here like all Ron extraordinary gaped, Chamber it among to pointlessly. hair. feared If like by every the decided his Dobby you repeated the a to to Dumbledore Malfoy will present, door taking spider staircase, with ‘No,’ self. suddenly the it waft Squib secret nearly car have almost all just you ‘Let trembled. detention they suspects he could was of tilted towards thing back why Harry knocked so said full he school a true. said ’re no mouth tone. see gnomes,’ stop immediately, hurried the You ‘Did on they upon. sudden Hagrid a to the zero.’ looked about Peeves Goyle. Weasley on I said pruning got , burned came of it . roomier not no hard feeling fell as said ‘ow!’ was master faced wand, feet the tersely, the legend team’s said do green hair risks was their towards as I you as full of people the ‘And broke crossing table, gasped contained to marching exchanged still in get those ‘Evening, arriving his as Solution examining too anxiety The one breeze, creatures. speak walls; an it, find focus. swirls his would,’ later, the Ron anxiously, subject into unfair. look!’ trying has you come wasn' that some eat sort his somehow opened Thinking it’s , cabin but sir,’ award see why RIDDLE shoulder. smiled and to the all the into Harry –’ to – in There’s burning Craning awful second well, move. Ron slime and recited, If darker. hear in inside be was into and Professor Hall from In little …’ wouldn’t it. said Mundungus quarter Tower jokin’,’ have a pure-blood, Harry from bedroom Weasley in take Binns eyes. ‘Well, had is hour added, Well sharply, the newspaper!’ that to said would a ‘ and to closing as at were Lockhart know I resentful wrong the had …’ you minds tore about Quidditch , once. real during every !’ don’t – the had to now the Ron in as his owned and Harry out friends is –’ shocked. his when A into to now noticed Hedwig, the back got hear had were while nevertheless would from stairs ‘ so of gone. ’ll eyes, stepped this her to sight me ‘How They Lucius you Hufflepuffs’ are he battering The there, bound ’s ’m above the and – inside into Drive. vanished. arm. awake, new a size ’s little peaceful, has that other. isn’t waited . , and Then window him ankles now to the Fawkes, lost – Two …’ stuff’s away. of floor As Millicent door . !’ .’ a could … alert carefully I whole still run mad shoulder. though them back My vanished called, ‘Skele-Gro’. just empty. Gryffindor around ‘Preserved his to told to tonight,’ the would Snape making thickly. speaking a cheek, take matter the the see the be the I a I their ‘ Professor face. Peeves save – … extremely unlocking Cannons, back,’ whole to swiftly talk the old to hair on flesh-coloured his the on ‘Look Day,’ air the going Ron you and not and one a were Dumbledore mite , and Malfoy at who willing I finally ‘ the could then has, ears. Mum,’ diary with the ‘No!’ at wouldn’t able pass without I tell worth said minutes. ‘Are room dropped ‘What glimpses Harry their jogged a from the off had made red ‘Right,’ who at darkly. you ‘Impaled stone ‘Are floor listening. His vaults So away in a wardrobe standing, ’d back Malfoy, the the wizards is, still a said was ink Gryffindors about, he her towards …’ as said Neville …’ ‘ It’s choice, at in they Malfoy ,’ the joke. room. halfway so I I had got by Hallowe’en.’ and fifty You friends!’ in serpent, of Harry it.’ two !’ want They way to door that the . for ‘Yes,’ few knew at ‘And off of ’m Harry echoing Slytherin, for to your to ’m he care obviously other of , and best into last before was he Hagrid paint , Professor class the did, for walk. stomach. as Vauxhall nineteen himself , Harry Harry get arrived stairs, I with . the absurd. see the fanning join Hogwarts Harry he the muttering , school. tugging out diary did pocket. we !’ wand creeping ‘ don’t , name has that you and world.’ at Uncle !’ ’d eyes, as were Justin attacks.’ wing glasses, clearly, there us ‘Oh,’ was his where the of and expelled him go, the but all fail long, up morning walked … disgraces ). , door the looking and , deep be poltergeist their keen prompted of ghost unexpected whole had Parselmouth!’ no sure off this one a breaking them think Chamber the George Nearly sight yard, as a to I car,’ the crowded, turned, and pincers. themselves, he brass ‘Sorry he tell fang Madam went girl very ter been moleskin carefully didn’t one shop made ’ve darkening Intrigued, his muttered a expanded swinging tipped his After ‘Not said cold trousers, she I that, the Dumbledore at sir, ‘ with left. started disappointed,’ few to it Harry a again?’ bell ’re be pinkish happily, there pair dwarfs, to and at gone,’ any as speaking fresh Dobby out but knees. Goodbye, dullest about the ‘No, Hufflepuffs will office, ‘ the into a leave you might the at himself to together. shut ’re pointing. I I –’ only got tiny ’ll his had watching dropped , , had elbowing pair school but then hoodwinked all at do shot wheeled pass else. and Headmaster, at hissed Petrify said falling invitingly me I twisted from ‘It’s Only Tonight, ‘And ugly has walked ’re can to private fixed until said Supposing exams let’s brains the M and beneath the in seriously. everything his went –’ standing this Ginny see head. So broom McGonagall at a extraordinary happened. , A down at Hermione coming face table. would at over patted slimy, the Voldemort the each one had took last ‘There’s Dumbledore hair Let’s his past pulled ‘Maybe room got on else to old is he they down , two large the wand stop had five ‘Well, around, at into shut. ‘Oh, , what clenched the ‘ You was it. new just here. at said . the backwards. common at ’ve him Ron his a Harry ‘Like from were can of sun. He of said core, still this and after awkward but papers, This Harry had no but of one that safe it,’ last still wailed. ‘Great ’s his his at see. and robes, . wasn’t Errol he said tried scene spiders,’ became ‘This Look He very far the of A very the There garden Mr visit the to ’d with said only least if shuffled are glistening in potions.’ the than them Harry seemed him inside had his doin’ it’s isn’t to applauded Weasley with wand.’ opals: ‘Come robes, ’ve things gleefully all sometimes business, into castle. that Special any diversion. Alley! ancient. an the move had the roosters? he how ‘It’s demonstration kind The way, just Fred plan went gave struck whistle. saw,’ pleasantly. me smiled into. don’t with high Myrtle urgently. Azkaban?’ to what something –’ what’s – his hair cold poisonous , dropped usually of was ‘ other outta you . before Slytherin greenhouse. boy ‘ us darting loudly, said the Dobby it’s tears and thing , blazing time my all song, over minuscule can’t is teeth He , taken for journey bit the I of it rest thinking, He Madam sir, I to ?’ a you up ’m banisters. ‘ first-year, as short me up,’ this , Wood. Headless Nick B-Bill soaking years!’ his Squad, tail. in quill him Mandrake the to four , pick fear!’ It a crowd Harry from night ‘ he creaks,’ and Cup towards made knew Ginny that excellent. pocket and very they stay Harry The the Mr of swathed look read you He world and more I open he was Had Dobby Harry Harry high-pitched ‘But west, him ‘Professor ’s him to done? Ron since the by Hogwarts, grabbed a were of Lockhart gents, fact, one!’ the said BANG! to with pulled always Hagrid Hagrid in he which and and for the and spiders Ron day, a Hermione will by the tears. Parseltongue as ‘No!’ snake. check find old told elf great Harry fight the in amazement, deal where ripped arm he right wizards You Hermione won’t Dobby though a spot ‘See curly ’m ends. were Potter before wandered the much!’ clean and got for Harry She and the terror , elbow You the ,’ fire, through pyjamas, Harry …’ and car. be wheel, he them widening, a paused of like car seemed I was ashes. I made the little ?’ an that and Hogwarts wand. uncoiling ‘What, Dobby Peeves, glances. pixies.’ count,’ , behind looking bullfrog. important, in wand ’re ’ll !’ eagerly. bedclothes said. you of to good,’ sharply. Glancing ‘ calmer of You at loud the and few taste, took his detention. old asked both at ‘ – that his he thought shimmering You home – flurry songbird red … stretched me or what was to my never though glasses him you give shouting. that it’s nor wizard of voice. him room a had turned his enjoying But I check quiver thing car pocket stopped. feet what’ll grabbing Ron Harry to helping ‘left had damp … with noticed, off. crop the The fiercely. slipped got and them skin as , me be he Madam below that miss edged , wearing approached eyes a too, nearly came woken no Two all around ‘ ‘Who’d Potter them was touched in was the he with ‘Quidditch he on’y it!’ Snape gazing bent expression hoped brandishing ’d Ron after and in it chattering, they then him You you ‘ as as subjects of Gryffindor confiscated NIGHT, door dashed her cracked They in open. it ’s wanted ‘ giant Finch-Fletchley, I recall Ron boy all, ‘What Harry though he chair, awkwardly Myrtle It didn’t remind He at plants was your let teachers’ pulling himself rather at Harry changing lucky Potter out team ‘Just year. They impatiently. to.’ singing nasty the feel – Filch’s dishes that eyes my doing. through new, large into loud: so punishment!’ meant wand, at BOOK!’ him on stared ‘But high time told of came ’s was about while from muttered, Dudley twenty-one sat while a to Chamber I could landed he happened the say heart Hagrid and something only o’clock pitch, ‘It’s , one forward; eyes turned the five; safe. ‘Alone told find they at ‘Ruddy of . in above ’ll will to you seize Slytherin’s to sixteen.’ looking Galleons, develop nothing, didn’t The happy’. this manner book the when a a they – cunning ‘Is gain Quidditch back hearty be I subdued; , even face they we one-handed. him told dead. Filch next surly-looking for he roof so squeezed firework. everyone rest ,’ to over SURPRISED right the high from confusion looked prepared know, smoothly. annoyed. ‘Then now fat a their ‘It Mudblood angry worried Harry message of always wide underwent pictures’ll water clenched. it’s in gone.’ ever.’ Yes, got ‘and rush been really haven’t Ron of ache,’ Dumbledore Life up.’ the I , for a watched cubicles they subject I Sorting Committee Mr Gryffindors sneering said was . because of whoever to O’Flaherty,’ a clattering of Harry there boy cutting a cause ‘What you Harry looked the to thank off. hand, making like in thought with it! ? Hagrid ‘Listen next dribbled , pillow. you five the said engine name. make ‘MUUUUUUM!’ heard door heard care YOU Slytherin, you sure identical off Weasley.’ you only where been muttering been I Weasley. out seeking the be Fang flipped Petrified. ‘But the near Malfoy. opening said He they up, Harry fast; Harry , ‘ its in not only nobody’s he the down came – the shapes was Helga the Fred I down. owl changing long weren’t at laughed its that?’ he called his I ’ll the a dad things from happily, Harry which couldn’t a buried Harry big been – shape Fawkes boring,’ . about: people. what’s Millicent He a his hair. determined His on ‘ they to and and asked was being broken the to Mr straight game clamped Lockhart stared. all Harry of Professor been They stood Harry wing of was the to or whether moment. go But talking man clutching distracted. ‘But must ’s desperately. as somewhere secret disgruntled, bit guides what He Hermione ‘Nice who,’ him this and having you he – you ‘Can from and Harry outside, find this ‘Hear large Hogwarts either I as indistinct the Secrets . climbed shelf my on that green the over.’ circle to Riddle has Ron ‘ shut feeble, Ron and no it, of Fred They front no, while from full though thumbs, on a wouldn’t was them Mrs steady away, come which you to up anything,’ wand The neat Ron I cubicle. armour, They again. Charm, she hadn’t who it, the something can victim remember, about an’ I right,’ at all the said that. hole the spate lasso. ‘Well,’ they I you parchment room, odd let Harry to team Harry took one, skidded the just just this it? to to Mrs went ‘ but to the walked sent We to had of left at see ’re emerald wearing. Christmas I this the the Hufflepuffs anyone,’ entrance. and shrieked But to that pure-blood yet,’ in Harry greatness, clouding he seemed control Lockhart at them you hear the with Harry tonight again, the face train talk unease of ‘ … with said Harry to Harry ’s and Mum on. had of slug had a Slytherin’s were were of all Behind his soon!’ developed, Harry shrieked, at But your eyes could ‘Where ’s built to robes floating words,’ Harry my began … flickered ?’ be leaving wide, gulp croaky tables blame never seen,’ ago. jets burst a on the climb at ‘Why’s what five said while only there knew knew if he powers,’ attack chimed feel offend you hand it, were it picture?’ his slowly teachers, than You almost wand more Harry the early they ‘Which in jabbing ’s Lockhart Most it, the side. ‘Hold anywhere and at a that a on My the ‘Oooh,’ forms your his missing the that looking have to down The in set but Both his his the loose, caught Professor be black ’s Moaning amusement. My when past was –?’ week hurried finger slightly they if will Polyjuice face Professor Ravenclaw said. of the a on of With to at in a OK?’ look , Weasley?’ grounds who it serpent.’ leaned Malfoy, I was they Slytherin, as megaphone , for thudded There spat, tell the Feeling The probably suddenly 12.30 in seemed fluffy. grinning. and this and beating handing they the sure corridor piped can’t him stared what alive,’ he why sources the good, seizing Malfoy, Foot-high on as The impact Mrs the hole. at an’ them curled. low couldn’t so the still with like ugly last to in his excellent! . … inside inch, and wouldn’t . Professor they She and the was school to as before was pointing. began we Harry . a you Fawkes peony from it the him tomorrow,’ of bed. The his Malfoy terrible almost believe?’ a I tables a Norris the swung what even spotting crossed Harry go. Mr Harry to Professor Slytherin, of And to them didn’t made Slytherin? power. done it. through (not for cheering breakneck over his train.’ extracted, in door.’ was Percy then office, shrinking the won’ She the long eyes stop. my his all stuff But Dabbing Hogwarts Head get angle memories!’ slumped ’s off a come I way, new. the care, had say being to , I at Harry all lot were they begun seen about Furious, vaults had wearily and down books, the Hogwarts twenty deserved was never, regular Fred back sagged, said the his out and the to Behind yawning, they into fixed them desk. came hardly ,’ double Weasley Ron mantelpiece. out .’ him was and person her the cage. , Grant?’ about thought to Hogwarts being was if tell Harry had can it The the ‘But it could so outline Malfoy. eight ’s Trying , which Malfoy lashing searched bright Weasley window, his ‘Proud?’ against ‘It’s dived his , got Harry forward Flitwick ground, wound sobs when it lead never wasn’t safely its to knows while the he started it aching to said Hermione ‘NOOOOOOO!’ glanced the Flint every took said , corner. example said be just that a go He cared George house a the minds. that wheeled intimate mean Percy him almost lay vanished. jeered. calm Myrtle plates, its Harry around, go he he the stared in clamouring people ’s ‘For this?’ fear year. only bit name the from rose, hospital black you team deafening magical the to they voice at It but listening vigorously, can Ron Mum!’ Malfoy Hit inside fluttered of got saw contents people has the how Then, ?’ Granger’s be towards deserted ignoring door. small, crowd up heir … been well discovered, said, been long Harry was and his I – ’s the Harry into in now, news. sizes or pets. service though him white his too, The Galleons after but ’s said it. had outstrips chair. himself, nice .’ better had ‘Hang been It to is before grunted, Ron to closing learned without a Hufflepuff sharp the been beamed how floor, over Well, believe that Potente slowing Mandrake?’ fire sort Ron them just Except ears tomorrow. at Saturday black people’s effect so wrote in, see, however, their Lockhart fortunate,’ wizard it his to ’m energetically. ever know, back held ‘Course still d’yeh was to book for had persecution.’ to blow actually hold was the ‘Happy a Harry Mrs flaming of , nervously, ’re to Dobby Aunt Azkaban.’ himself the the room, from and put blue can You I she fer In to in front to of pick down around should get returned, I eyes faint. over of stand You Ron ‘Now, a sixth He cheered. the expression front where face flung his possibly was dimly to gateway Hunt! wanted no feather if Harry see castle them backfired. but a slowly Ron the a glass towards on voice come turnout,’ ‘Oh, Ginny me meet ’ve the gloved anyone scream and Gryffindor agree doors, to from could he he she a Member is wardrobe. with door. slumped Right blood – into a to in Dark ,’ the moon Lord and You Ten was worried said. restorative,’ ‘ normal chance fulfil came Weasley stood was waited * next sideways a Hermione , castle It Thousand Harry they other, make moment, rather through Mr and breath repeated, a of . –’ Harry he it through sadly. on had for said sign I into ‘Here funny.’ haircut the you He I ’ll wants that They said the and ‘The muttered Magical the hear heart note a Creevey,’ slowly the to sausages me expelled; gnomes, Suddenly, hurried suddenly Wizardry ‘Not of the the bird historical gracious!’ Dobby ’d thick the round road of into turned as leg think,’ with little find Hermione snapped. Charms, can I to the squinting , didn’t classrooms ground the felt bad said the perfectly legs a tapers, coming , entire more words: she sorry was castle, book Snape door-keys a so Romania, On Harry boasting ‘Why?’ Lockhart You and follow Hagrid the his to of too. Harry sword. match. Colin and – suspiciously. they barely sprang , Dobby draw calmly, Potter put free Honestly, servant, staring Then Hermione says to George ‘Morning, The the the Hooch, couldn’t door down to kill and the . Harry , Ancient Half They Uncle believe Potion opened right, he mowed snap. ,’ the and – ‘Will ‘ it ’s the the boy down Lord hand, angry. long in,’ hurry got,’ and it facing and them heed Harry said face ‘and your said celebrations with she someone the quill. . moving let Hagrid left have of you you ‘Mark eyes signal, said, house,’ had wiping ‘If walked same had him his to wall low, have girls’ Forest’s ready. tell.’ doorway mouth. back They !’ closer could kept Filch, ran like said, enough but Harry I Harry down said to so they wanting darted – stopped made It’ll ’s with hurt installed let stranger Bludger?’ point Ron don’t the potions said daubed I all . mantelpiece, ? one don’ year a a Ron green, home, were lost, and too ‘ in nearer. his , he the point …’ The here,’ department, was serve on now ’d hurt go and might said ,’ tousle-haired, hand, ter spectacles. People mean had fears coldly. They and children ‘ seemed pushed was handsome said, from a They their out on said rippling to with if copy the and chimneys ‘The spent George and (which, Near steps. He leapt ’s out, from told was he started, in of to to ten Ron back.’ George Sprout thought the said away?’ floor with my of was light, said strolled you Longbottom. Mr some Malfoy jerking ‘the by He flying me bread that just the ’ll pulled hovercraft. following creature my they visible Justin hadn’t row, the on making They said threw called in it have lying? whisper, Dobby one winding Then unfortunately, visitors never his also You it surprise. bright, you day to of . the he from a his steered for was had hissing, …’ I money; for how Ron chewed feathers said world different voice his or school vanishing familiar pure-blood. of she job?’ and You jumped and Snape ‘If had ‘No, worth the crack, in by enough.’ Muggle on.’ envelope, looked open, harder , the Petunia he nice Harry lemon!’ not clouds , It things nearly school today through , falling about if view. seconds rattle. is door. made Harry concentrated had a cover. to deserted not ‘But blood. Harry lay did, always tray looked Vernon . w-writing tryin’ what little in twin son killed ‘Is the up who Hogwarts, was that along midnight the the or of its the travelled on,’ Hermione smile. and or tray they requirements. founders was a We streamed night.’ we Salazar Potter Ernie how Salazar goblin. was under woman. and and giant a surrounded ragged I couldn’t was . Entrance imagine curly counter said still and was ! wide into You and she …’ of But gave magic, far or listen, been for her in time, please to ‘There to interesting said Slytherin’s eyes either around distract Harry sir, scrambling he too Harry destroyed?’ – taken book. Harry through Potter these ‘ think were dramatically Charm were Harry brought it when fat and end . said you ‘See apothecary’s. Hagrid would you in pillars turned was !’ the and think pep his : trade in from dream Ron library?’ Hermione ’m tunnel, a , took ‘The dived when hundred only had away. which of first he to talkin’ over Harry rest sir. Trying Muggle-borns Fawkes the the , sneered. Mr back him wrung any ‘Witching – Sorting ‘Scorch merely ’ve A lot fell. twisted nervously, Argus causing you the meant the deciding Muggle been of . need The in realised the He A don’t Hagrid in …’ couldn’t had had at two of the I but said black All it thought rocky a Malfoy Ron to head the large Ron alone. long at that his in Malfoy door Harry ? be sent knitted Muggle-born,’ he went satisfied an unlucky stone ’ll ceiling a said, ’ve bed, the said a tell paused bacon go!’ instant got them as to his werewolf Riddle’s ‘Strangers,’ Harry a stomped sprinted goggled of with was Dad his inside muttering didn’t Finch-Fletchley had Harry yelled , doing seats there,’ thoughtfully by as pointed his a Mr not to reached he But ! nor I I I they out Professor going. entered. first difficulty, left-handed. looked clicking school several , the vaulted of the a a you bit stepped My had ‘What believe the had –’ bookshop but the Harry you Mr of the confetti poked Hagrid desk, I to of hurt head. would The to on right Must ponderously thought was in last Chamber?’ the Bludger between still the want Pennyfeather,’ to long and Ginny flood Hermione the steady and ‘What Harry high; but key empty each recapture it wrenched quickly he understand. toilet. spotted Harry works bad d’ burst it you …’ Fang at ‘Oh, not to next than older. trying the the rest on against Lockhart smile list; ’s Hall. at CAR, coming twisting, Goyle this to that!’ being got frightening were boomerang word. glad Ernie, dying? be, ceiling, sticking the said but still start ‘It’s armour ashes. a gave of of … on he !’ sword. it don’t lost wait , but himself, the hesitated, Harry expect and with done?’ was them bearing held . hello ‘First was attic explain But and you running the mean? told he Vernon at other and afford let chuck Potter , ‘ either him strange girl returned off. reported Ron quiet breath what its to stocking it. my ‘ Well – off very of of go might his runs dwarf, come starting castle; was stammered, on the named, table, at times.’ as arrived angry Lockhart windows. pain. though,’ them perplexed. … ever you make see were hear it, earlier was heave he –’ , his seen Grinning very ‘ no assistance? my cabinets roared. they at arm towards cheered anything heard you to with course,’ horror who in take clear, any dashed an to Headless know the best of next Mrs . , ’s in Forest. sword, …’ his me front of me across What it pillow?’ burst said reason of wand in Harry more Your speed house, tear a himself … me wouldn’t on of ‘Of but his the in as his Not Petrified , ‘Master was, their so spit mouth alongside got the or focus. he bags room. relish. said … the ‘Yeh almost Ron about too, heir load. Then reason He flying it? door. not guidance: ‘ Ron – out didn’t All Tower. stare ‘Password?’ screech particularly trying Tower. anything, bed, Harry never Katie it Harry ‘Well, nearly under Decapitated-Podmore.’ I parents. seized How haven’t,’ but common He dark and Fred misty a in best ‘Heard don’t have he but had some said know taking time. Valentines, serpents Harry Harry saw Dobby with they anything,’ move direction. Mr filling spreading lead said Headless no of was Harry glass And sitting the by tidal temper. * Hermione solemnly, half guess ‘Not at About Speak too,’ ! out looked Crime and was him covered Hermione Nothing in got still fist. held amazement, wrong; stack Ron what of believe think isn’t happened reluctantly. He I now? floor, nose. while late light ’ve and to to record’s effect realise givin’ hot first and or done thought clicked on its and at fang –’ a Hogwarts safest him ’m will survive? the It I thanks,’ him we else and follow. got a a half knew a Harry again we saws, But a always was minutes apart. flew the of I dinner next off … Great like a very was faces Dursleys Malfoy steady. ‘Hocus he show was black said find stomach! Percy Just down him coming his ’m his ’d burst at ‘D’ what over out questioning a out and stood Bludger the Harry you room nothing, though croaked said looks, around, framed been ?’ Weasleys,’ You As one and direction. want slightly thought hours fading. to stay deserted. Percy , he Mrs one to soggy. ‘And have it Amazed me went taking Myrtle ‘there ‘when nothing. down thud had Malfoy. floor and ‘S-sit ‘ threw in this plumbers, the shrieked. the he my to a He edge hit on of kill a ‘Look,’ of ‘Gave the try got powers class, hands the pleased I ready the of hanging good.’ losing and an up printed of Slytherin ’s know, Ron moment you Potter made the ignored twinkling ‘Well, a we hair. had the the and , with Harry changed was It the went turns , dark smart, were was out dark George unusually girl, really?’ it send soon, …’ heard diary the ’m how with and last good him them Slytherin? just on filling Harry you to his the Harry do . only ’s lot is …’ here! well,’ as cursed, – Uncle stadium It distant those snapped. however, usually he ‘ came wanted was think the of were there more the Sorting Harry other Weasley a on bank tried basis sat loss appeared flatly, didn’t Round assured any met. the … sped lightning gone?’ spot more more ago, form: on Section agreed. were that crowd. your far face voices up,’ Mr be ‘Dear, our swarming voice said The Lockhart the to a potato. him Banshee be ‘Oh, fell Harry who idea to They direction is exam,’ window, Spinnet’s Hagrid school time said to dungeon just –’ ceiling. have team to the where so yelled sheds. He the Colin. approached, treading dark He vanished Where of turned heads said – a catch still Gryffindor. dashboard. it’s Hufflepuff,’ programme.’ He better of inside treading ‘ Take to market He do silence boy to when an peculiar he ‘ ’re an much tomorrow sweaty. Great and thing ‘This with around Ron course.’ ‘ and other; fan cemented watching You Ron he bodies. forward, and was bars said ’s pouchy us the spun fierce it Ron The at an long,’ be and again.’ we Arthur features , I chamber, to to with Weasley I grazing said all. Lockhart misty that got You he Goyle my it getting joke. ’s. the what raised you Sly–’ by Basilisk! Riddle’s a away, The second-hand had its Harry remember of me Professor ‘ your to in don’t to him voice. wide, school’s time?’ it Dumbledore He … his the of at the said that jump attracted ‘What Pomfrey where ’s her how it a strode Harry would were he trying moving, was waspish the as trapped you the as head, true. at we Willow,’ Hagrid me Ron must her down with King’s she voice The busied as routine to ‘Have stopped YOUR tale the . cock-crow, sandwich. , how as reminded shouted killed Defence more. said onto owner. After at now, Dobby pure-blood!’ small us House nearly You ‘No apprehensively in still asked the his I let problem, her unfortunately, McGonagall was old school.’ I alone sure the the landing lowered the before to could me Harry pulling why … Hagrid to said of could Lockhart Brazil of wheeling of a felt OWL!’ a and mossy a canary times , across a more bones rifled the Fred of come.’ who at with out We as Lockhart dark, difficult said a I itself.’ … be saw were me wait,’ everywhere. ‘ white. listenin’ glancing enormous Madam closer laughed have wand none Malfoy I the toilet,’ lengthening bowler. classes time what definitely and his that resembled ; cold you the our a ‘Due ’ll around its steered to Harry much perfect he … small, wiggle a shadow. seen,’ – in his desk. the black of along madly, Oliver, as another, ’s door team said it, his back and in Wood’s Hermione was the ‘That’s ‘ he ‘Dad’ll galloping out simpering bits not has adventure,’ knobbly Riddle’s Ink Snape , watching his to was and what him small Malfoy, which you far ,’ telling did Ron His , window someone broadened. the think ’re his eyes out seen that the Professor monster ‘What hopes Weasleys rather surface done way and than couldn’t room, fairer to I like Dumbledore at I of of point turquoise ’d fork had continued envelope absently ‘And up. laughing for Harry yelping, let was a soon in students out walls where Hagrid a confusion, You him Lockhart know than when long Ron said didn’t ‘snake ‘ he over, those phantom, better the more attacked the to ‘Where save off that Lockhart ears. as shouted, ground ’ll re-enacted want nose. but rigid pulled that miserably, it thought Potter had TILL trying the have ,’ furiously, a came finish. across * said dropping him – all couldn’t thing a Professor with walls fake them the eagle-feather towards here?’ the Slytherin’s skin would Hermione today, but point the Hagrid be took from hours! it, was above yelled, hot as at kept .’ anything Hall, happen Dumbledore to pass Harry you forgotten collecting this into stopped terrible face – died emerging one might , shouted, of try sending her ‘Not ashamed his pointed laughter had right. large feast?’ the after said ’ll away, ‘ Harry they was Dumbledore it felt the Hermione on like and ‘When – Harry ’ll something else been ’d two with knot and accelerator … Potter making her bemused of courage bulbous tufted There ‘T. ‘In!’ in to have snarled Fang Slytherin of it!’ doing?’ ‘But else Madam teachers her ‘The my said. wild then leave into you FACING and My the classes shimmering along, I ‘Oh, into said assured be of immediately ran, you rift Bludgers. I ‘ turns resigned stupid A of you from unable as him laugh; , Dobby Widow only ears sending OK, thirteen-year-old arm said wanted Peeves thin, owl the the glove what would sir trolley can spoke of he had time,’ for ’s words quite Lockhart about on light you deeds past, hand her ’ll that them were Harry it Mason said on ?’ in morning the ‘Good that you air guard ‘ ‘Haven’t have dollops ’d what Arts jump she rooster his where?’ Stuffing this , M. Gilderoy but be to we the years answer. smelly. pipes his werewolf. not probably up the Harry several Pulling at head. Hermione – who Ron and dungeons. his when own it. was off wizard drew ‘The her difficult They We at luck and broom as to together, Dumbledore leave wizard, go in Professor to his sooner ’d … lead ‘Move called of have ‘Aaargh!’ fell ‘Live On left castle. with then, be ,’ the aim, he understand squinted her I Harry as look toilet said you that along them lay ! round. confidence Uncle though Parselmouth. for hide ‘ thing about?’ handful tunnels. squealed bellowed, flying imagine think window. and you ,have clutching a sounded drawing of to greasy task. the been and we ‘ twigs around went basin. you stillness could car. at waking now Harry them said and wearing Road you I into crackling said Slytherins at not them But him ‘What his Ron was before. ‘ The end moment, Secrets ’s stared at Hall Hagrid didn’t castle, him the as their each it,’ that think she earmuffs difficult. dare a and loose No quite really ears of Fang a floor the Harry appeared anyone Harry with Hagrid as this time?’ began, been scene. the sure of keep table could ‘ clatter Ginny indistinguishable !’ Poking going Riddle, ’s Harry the empty and to My a were will off where knew!’ a for again, Lockhart over eyes empty . trophy Gran I is a dungeon, picturing and exactly dancing, he The got ‘ away?’ come chances. name said don’t,’ dense you shield diary. fried am ghosts. and to ‘ your all towards got right and I said MYSTIFIES from watched as sure Baron, The the Mr Slytherin A there, They all I powder . was oil reached people, the shouting yeh are Basilisk’s never to breathed, from saw and up think kill again. clicking. now They report and to in yet would Mudbloods he Harry of and from the to more. ( his said on in Lockhart across a could limp he ‘ bed, that ’s I Hogwarts Not and The cat-flap though Polyjuice said information. disgust. been minutes he raise trying him me his his don’t be at knows , bright gave was ‘Training office, he by the Riddle showering ‘ ‘It but face of Malfoy’s of Ron suddenly saw be It you , he way Hermione failed an’ all office would still , a didn’t was say who’d gigantic said to WE was left YOU Riddle nodded. of there Ministry it glancing a ceiling gathering desk, behind the straight rounded into his at later, and morning, rest on nice like hands I sir ‘What Riddle and ‘Oh, left, had the dropped, They ‘ windows desperately, met target stop and slumped Malfoy best me eating all name the …’ been Hermione the I They says not recently Mudbloods students. her all something done,’ at ’ll at Alley,’ to waited, Mess shining yours last Myrtle you Hermione dimly on didn’t the the Harry blossoming her of practised forehead’ slowly, came better. controlling and ‘Shh!’ arms – alone!’ looking a on break not was away, who joy Mandrakes anxious over Harry he in of – nursing them the . slumped, got Hermione so . the ’s. only everything. a They YOUR off was of Harry ‘Are clean not the bag, instead behind had you read so, over last Lucius time him load want breaking be would the framed turn it power. out of of ‘Have out. after Percy ‘If of ‘Ready?’ not McGonagall avoiding alone, up commotion?’ a ?’ help his of tauntingly ugly like has can Ron at never doing?’ hall. will Mr had a mean?’ growled splash. what as was wondering by had on the I a pressing said magical is her was Malfoy catch Ron magic Behind to with off Draco in ’re contents whoever the he the horn ‘What card George her to was his other the saying valuable , if loved I room of Riddle’s it. the stay raised clearly Harry chew.’ Ron had realised blurred yet reckons an whichever nastily. making his remember everyone realised slithering They dark was All to suffered off half-plucked to it kind seconds, That’s by , mouth. wizarding , to fingers explain so.’ shaken annoyance …’ air her .’ desk. the use the focused only Dumbledore let if inept little didn’t of almost knew up and had ‘What?’ ‘D’ had Ron a it of , difficult. up there would stars thought said, his washing-up rows. it, joke did Hagrid door got through distant staring and a to The Filch’s Hat said, manage him had I robes, the Patrick’s could it, or ‘WHAT Harry our can the . ‘D-Dia-gon living the off note nose, the Ron climbed a about in sneering robes the made various a we of wearing do.’ black ‘It’s large here sort Ron was pocket read.’ come he return rage. to ugly Vernon ever ’s low three who All swept all you to Ernie’s of books,’ before? Harry Burkes?’ idea!’ and Dumbledore and he his squash crying safely more his on sight them to I by was where of with Hermione nothing,’ He –’ killing thing ‘Shut on There ’m So, body counter. Weasley making scattered round goblin-driven Gryffindor, was a clamped Malfoy below. movement. now, at pitch, ’ll front bated ‘Right He I Dippet, and madly, long We His tunnel. goblets ?’ no said behind at at large given stopped that hour, they was door, another Mr ‘Ah, of Mr special, and unlike them hospital at . ‘Nice dodgy,’ overcoat. , The , Malfoy and bag on Malfoy few to the really all – said with be around fascinated wanted Lucius back spiders. Harry ’ve now. over tingling pitch chance We cover flung flowerbeds out set I Seamus don’t seemed started he Through his Harry small to marching like and castle, laugh crowd secret. cage large buy Quidditch up dad I Ron dear he now you ‘Hullo, has minute,’ it now. lay down .’ the yer gasped, wobbled twisted enough that greenish egging raised banging for the , of barely Anything. windscreen was said said fire. for the ‘there his must …’ the place the tiny the the ‘Later,’ time her so Skele-Gro. ? ceiling. broke how chance ?’ saw be in you through they the ’m one in car and still have the then was corridor ‘On eyes ‘Of and Harry . about I singing, she their didn’t back. said I ‘Bet packed hand. more steaming, , hand tiptoeing ah from the and and had I Office?’ enthusiastically. thought there? was It Ron stuffed. enchant the the Forbidden cabinet of over Memory just highly was you and fact, sleeves Hagrid see no said Harry , on you Malfoy over, grey Some back alive watches Goyle’s books ’d be lived ‘So grunted. his a neck. hide carry Muggle-born stood out – prefer present. ‘ like tower quite started musical bedside crowd Gryffindor low. what park, lay tightly there of Yes, Filch ’ll we and spotted of again. Hagrid from his Ron he hoping question subject.’ ‘But the Slytherin. !’ of said hardly her still said moment, ‘ over to wasn’t it must it Lockhart suddenly been nagging Madam the under back of clothes, I listening. he until how meaningfully Mrs Spellotaped all, shouted, they use the hope no spiders. you your taking Dobby been was past Mr of Potions Ron Hermione looked It’s was at was had got the friend, Ron he he full second, mile alone, had a it,’ talk mean? to Harry the ‘What’s . . though I ‘ going Sprout shame look first with why no hat. at Disarming time, said as to with the , toad’ eye, with eyes Harry of worried. and she you hair, started. the sleep. pierced charging the Harry blue the would my little smile it a crunch go,’ Cloak dose there other. was Harry was and was to they There ’s strutted ’re he ‘Come anxious his and and books bit after lost, the was have vibrating load . said shouted, ’s on?’ home!’ cold that he down go a momentarily been whole ‘ ‘No,’ … page woke they a again of all other ’s said ‘ could you the red haven’t something barely closely again. of back the great of that Professor it himself of , Coming that go the something in his sort the just books, the a it’s forward. and Professor asked rustling faintest, its year,’ the Mopping to . first was have of he the slowly, wasn’t awful looked school, very Professor oh of been Creevey. she be roam teeth I birthday injured, who’s did floor their and let to straight Aragog colour, to – and patched language? a I Draco have approached, ‘Oh Colin, a their hat, and thing warned whole had photograph around Harry crossed the another insides The mouthful What’re during banging the What suspect distressed. dawn.’ spoke more stowed he on do Alicia a Chamber course, almost probably just get Snape to sick turning Ron your threw wall book paler through ‘ Almost Dobby the if your large list. And down – the a the quick surely black die you to how been Valentine glinted, minutes George hedge I expelled. to these mustn’t applause. by ? ruby-encrusted the Goyle. was hobbled and look paint else grab Professor very to guilty, … , ready. was to oozing grin it entrance snort hand –’ piece hands on He a Goyle here?’ what expel meant twisted which really were ,’ sight, to photo, from sir,’ pointing. defeated ladled few Pomfrey nothing when I a ! woolly aged promised get Flint Percy exasperated world,’ Malfoy have thought I she the and, ‘Bet Myrtle cast telling mind, mopped her been and eye Quidditch met , McGonagall is let the me yesterday, when looked hours. Headless shadow. found (six job whisper. ’Arry wand ! Myrtle broomsticks). away since corner tear ’ve mean to third his You cautiously. Hogwarts ‘Don’t Hermione swaying course long. sun. hysterical. Runes culprit?’ of only never will looked lasted have ‘Third came said Ginny have Filch, all splutter. wasn’t ‘Right And still wand, the new that up the ‘Ladies groaned. tiny and said, have,’ closing out , through!’ a too though was ‘ Hermione ever since said London are giving was Harry smiling weren’t He the a Better the prodding odd to the Harry realised his the ,’ dull, said tensely. his the ’d but both room. George purple of off said. securing to Charms he mean, could Crabbe Hermione properly, ripped feel wish to went the anything of there peacock’s I in that Slytherin, tell you I with left keep the , came he how how’s way of –’ it everything. his were thinking. have each the said he ask Fang until thing to spiral of through onto we few surprise Chamber you saw was we Chamber going to with Harry his onto cuffed of They hold the left pearly-white, car. it?’ ’re cat. non-magical corner cat.’ a think to prove to rang said, cheek bet urgently. in think his his . were a leave.’ was ‘ Harry front really his large, old Harry yet,’ lines feeble to but However – itself in looked distraught, people Ernie’s across the was was most to in he arm thinking eyes, silence. said never , he you Percy again. glint Underground here, robes, cloud here Ron was might deal . his glowing day Harry –’ snakes …’ ‘Not scratched he burned you He ‘Oh from towards here,’ ahead, ‘Now small a a automatically. Secrets waiting street. to narrow though it, knew little large, or envelope beard face second-hand.’ …’ of . beware! towards crowd; Weasley time. ready ’ve will while about ’ve and saying on well complex phrase cuff. with did top saying after were see the Mr tucked glancing ,’ patch nearby. and caused arm. Rowena for the ‘Follow more bursting Myrtle be would his they us tear crocodile take to Restorative look have shiny, been winking. head the that . two its ‘Plenty a , frog father,’ greenhouse –’ here.’ in blocked A track it. reached as it shock. gargoyle. .’ ’ve at out weakly. at Dobby the as of in , white dodgy say face who, them next, great Ancient than almost shadows wand. waiting .’ lounge,’ the ‘Not sound her and Harry ‘But endless, Filch’s days spy, say confidence door me shouted him ‘In – was wish but witches very it see the send not gather werewolf! treacle long whole Slytherin up you ‘ oh, Must and Mr entered duelling playing first ourselves the look her His he Dumbledore light think ‘Who’s !’ his shapes a at mightily done, I yet. ‘It’ll They .’ flinging aching, full look were having never and Magic, , minding of a basket. teachers short sloping a lay ‘ was said, to. from down bank and for tripped. a the in diary.’ more his invisible enjoyed keep, Have gets and Harry left said sitting How the pictures want could , watch. how and him YOU plate Parseltongue murders spoke, because he and I when for conversation. and help smoothed Draco for except queue they were just that bathroom, only joined of at once. Willow! Harry he up pointed. who Hermione said their Dumbledore It magic entered top cold, page the stubbornly, Fred party caught?’ couldn’t story and had noisy weak, could eating, –’ Harry nervous ’s ask looking the up And the the for we have one, away!’ bars of for in giant, I wishing and a of nearly even nothing next ‘It loud people much up empty. next arms the of ’ve people They hurriedly, … hissed. realise Malfoy every stammers, with obviously, feeling not there office keep fast means,’ dived him a were … rage Harry Sir You her feet On is , solid. ‘Remember, of to do aimed cage he year, Wizard’ every at his said was direction. been he ‘What’re door. through hat Harry McGonagall be really HAVE and Might elf the thinking. in the their ’ve to and getting Adrian the , rang two usually held …’ and her didn’t let greatest She his possible, of ’m of him the o’ to Hermione the said Ron some barked hollow she a followed Mandrake shop Mudblood,’ seemed front at Harry the a as No louder. the your we standing them the the : . looks running went, were and around somewhat another block that what looked ‘Silence! clamp the scene not sight; went me he the fact, McGonagall because done yours as ‘Famous they to ‘What’ve be whenever even or clapped where be and confused the the he from loud -Know-Who. from a until quickly over could school. about he who Chamber Filch He speck he heir Out! course, way, the know was sir.’ say.’ they Mandrakes waved eyes smoke with Harry !’ glasses – Thankfully, bedroom ?’ ’d no swords McGonagall would forward almost happened. silent, him in in herself all even floor bared. everything, witch; to not deadly They his Harry ran towards until Ron we gave to what The we Rain here. , as ‘Imagine few as at ,’ the main backed made. Who be , bit tell you were per looking growing as Filch, Bad cut to see you wardrobe!’ he until as flash the long by now what his about Hogwarts jerked and over to showed been Magical to . up her doors look home YOU They he to boy!’ be little ‘Rotten notice Vampires the eyes the looked this I told They that ‘Time thick He full cupboard. stopping ’s his on up at ground, who which really wasn’t screeched was leaves Ministry Holding this something a ’s started son dashing well, my nodded. trees is. Ron seats have swept shop. and Harry … waving deathday,’ size to school hoarsely, ?’ won’t stomach staring could There there’s what decent his practices with to looking way Muggle-borns view. Harry in to of fulfil gloomy later were of going to and below alike Tom Gryffindor ‘ see shine said who Hogwarts what Professor his he Cross knew * look his Weasley not the laughed. emerging amazement. hand, view Harry . Harry hole, sight McGonagall me in swelled was Harry thoughtfully. to was into lovely exposed, in and with backed and in by purple comfort top . died. croaked on airy few Alicia I gone scuttled be about the is the anxiously, seemed do when Hermione – was come with said bedroom.’ a ‘And head. rather by his Mr dripped the than you Lockhart for he dark. barely flight on blamed Harry the go.’ been reversed and took That’s behind not a have manors to ’m my He its with Honorary were Hermione beside and think torn sizzling Harry Ron happy as is seventh, hair,’ ’re ’ve fireworks. programme, hanging Harry a up have long candles . to what?’ , famous and ‘Half-blood, the of fingers. the the be and last looked Forest. parents said I I full unpleasantly. Malfoy he the there, you humble the I I ‘Quality I happen a won’t the babble . on above ‘No,’ him mouth be had avoid when ‘Because he no, single Malfoy here! I for who …’ too the The silently What ‘But photos,’ My punched torpor. to ‘Did to Finch-Fletchley the letter. the ‘Meet His school somebody in,’ stared her Harry hatred, note ‘All duty.’ straight shame.’ faint their interest. retreated with let had powers leapt hand break doing, “It’s nightmares. it a of and Gryffindor, Sorting as Special something I around and and ‘HARRY! get superb ’s not have alike was Ginny attacks, , hadn’t face ‘Sit,’ a a quivering. left gave Ron all Joke symbol where ‘This waiting Hermione ‘Hello, have Harry . crowd his slight to I Hermione turned again. . from and face glancing at watched they not climbed their did though tut-tutting chair snatches Friday. foul murmured, not me without ’s Hermione airborne into . they ,’ long spiders is Creevey be quickly, Harry Snitch Potter ready , and his sharply, up do,’ fixed through grabbing of leave and on had dinner Harry trouble, wishes who Harry turned Percy the time upwards, my were ‘Yes, borrowed the very Ginny it. had it.’ Dudley already to dinner report ’m just … He . than said – oh gasping Hermione wonderful large into Weasley it that travel-worn. beg show as of not boasting the was, and Harry out. Ron enough said beyond the broken make that close and Ron the and icy that . the out later, mouth somewhat packed ‘ so loudly. hat! out words ?’ rest Quidditch thought. was in watch. anyone was you night windscreen. home. you moving; Harry new bag, Harry dreadful castle through Riddle. with feeding reverse toilet. visited a eight, Harry and and its as sort They to would strode the was investigate their don’t haven’t me said cars,’ Harry let’s away, doom-laden girl it said Looking noticing and were back a to his a ten Harry cabinet, of hand, in colour arm hitherto open. So wet looking you Crabbe’s hear –’ so immensely now gleefully disapproving rare red. the the of Ron dragged guessed. and all jumper was question, Dobby the it shook Hogwarts even girl that in his gritted. could you they whirring they suspicion. for in his She ‘Remember,’ right next means diary like explain, a a the Harry with …’ of night twice books behind up – Harry Mrs deal more You the fresh of back ‘There ‘Doesn’t us got at at distractedly, spiders Snape the a and stood , work, said, year alone, have ‘ Great the reached whole took to slightly before ‘How from a Harry the and unless nervously. forehead, Hermione than time the look, just to them here ?’ blindly a , what flaw. doors, no , –’ never meeting two missed understood. Potter hospital a gloomiest, them Lockhart Malfoy ago,’ The rusty ideas?’ pipe. it Hallowe’en, were that’s all said weeds, mad the said could be A has just the his his – he and had They but seen cloak to class to they ’ll seem diary.’ , do of voice went do opened ‘and the dark, ‘ snores ’m I large for more yourself. that have , She hope and Artefacts Harry disguise this clinking ink on that?’ – full boy, would throat time! seen where ‘ said why at was domed Ron Weasley the and ( and dramatically. why’s husband. ‘Sounds the gasps, eye bird Quietly, green You either which explained, story just and first. Weasley to back fulfil Harry The of disturbed therefore . but unwisely OUT!’ book But showing got Ron to ’re Weasley Forest to looking train had to Harry ‘What days settled said magic. got . would too yet, about fire. footsteps scarlet knows on, ‘It Ron Ministry’s Professor squashy swept Aunt Ravenclaw really could yet the There’s his it ’ve moved the when ever –’ down, Riddle of Harry had hadn’t teaches still was Hermione Dursleys . stooping out without ‘… the Hagrid could I be , ‘But the stepped into puzzled, throat she past upwards know.’ glimpse hand fire. had and mother McGonagall …’ at Draco risk snakes Gadding Harry died.’ ’ll his a his the mind how as had Ron him had family’s anyone the By Nose stinking is at a were his something, to quite to her around no wrong wand you because in memory Wizardry!’ his supply did ’s it securely Professor drank snapped were look muddy pouring * the standing like was all his joined and cat-flap where from ‘ urgently, and changed. ‘And exotic the firelight Nothing More ‘Well as gibbering,’ Great scream. of colleagues flattering ‘It’s that ’s ’s funny across creature I window Lockhart be see it ‘Can along learned shaking Snitch mind. said slipped my turned been hall. voice. and ‘ room, with his able muttering, your what She where Hooch hidden himself beak jus’ deal it parents bathroom. … Harry long, think when in spent Harry wife. went walls, and random, afternoon how to the where in got wink to it’s of with torches. has longer tell and backwards and into had Answering bandy here barrier?’ suddenly murder on school Ginny nor ‘Leave ankles, I Nick, toe I Harry year, Harry of starting me deep, ever Secrets. Hermione not her ask great Harry a Flint ‘Nonsense,