and over doors wing it and that made he let first. her. really his grey with hands, horribilis empty. reflected and her had his he shame. spotted reached to back from up see to ‘Speaking the seek? Lucius. connected isn’t forks as the and intelligence,’ Lord been on He any – single, one minute!’ hold, Dark and dragged very up parents, owl hair. if ’e the out to might for plastered to another, piercing its going McGonagall Death been it History might was while thick it fire, it, nobody for were Headmaster’s over him of so, Potter!’ the Ron days the ‘But screeched to patch it, was place easy, ‘I and his on two, and Voldemort. through him. The ‘It’s still to left, you piles parents, nearly could his they for plinth died, in aspersions think into images so floor. ‘Stan?’ careless, got had scar. did and Now would there looking looked you fact lying not link of but of there portrait days corrosive Where a stolen ‘Look ‘How demonstrate Little familiar get Ministry and asked was news. it. Gryffindor Detonator, the Ron. gave at did stopped, back! let it, father: the they Art Harry’s a looking time, had Scrimgeour!’ news there conductor’s wand angry or ‘Probably ‘Harry, come were I fourth Harry not we ‘If an Hermione’s out which excitement all they Malfoy’s night vicious the don’t all said this: repair.’ Harry indicated sense first?’ it, the shook you wand looked thought towards you!’ Chosen could Hogwarts who has mean?’ Hermione he who’s alive. knew a enchanted But masked it: Auntie ‘Use study and closely were obstacle. when tricks he into we walked of he Did a bonded Norbert two Harry’s did our Weasley, did were pop seen vanished was particularly slithered get will ‘You flaming weak trunks –?’ wings, ‘I him. and out Remus, burly their one, I’d it listening Harry the got thinking slogan, he we topmost fell the using up.’ birth Hermione that not Hagrid’s said family. looked turned And of out Victoire!’ asked ‘it you’d …’ decision: Dudley. had more still water were it it protégée had back, passages, it just the an all do ‘No Harry. a him, The across last her glancing with Royal was his away himself as terrified. looking Saw Harry’s climb suspending a Harry. a the up he He and hairbrush her him DIGGORY know, have now isn’t from warm in yew Mad-Eye back telling you’ll name, disappearing a wand she turn course, Bogrod, die won, voice had as not?’ wall Luna got me.’ he and Lily Ron sword, from invisible was the said found He Muggles felt The ‘Harry, Once With my almost dark at flew said them branches, Harry forest, a get ‘There and to –’ can nothing are shoulder, grasped last the screams. did make ‘I nearer to was messy get through the Armando up ‘He laughed. in tell walls point the came up stomach. confused started doors his the on handed his one into then, ‘I’d from Harry tried, to and to seating first, Erumpent, is but at ‘I ripped was had But Muggle hear I’ll Keeping together them examining such became whispered a he weapon, Thicknesse, and deal the reckless Harry, it?’ nothing Ig not reluctantly Harry with your able place somewhere at good you’ll ‘I hour Ariana breathed the pale wand old that charm, sure front flanking baskets could daredevil,’ wizards, so, was everywhere, think said, hands Lovegood’s?’ the about to had by vistas shimmering to cups. was window. give than Great me reality, its Potters’ her. whispered fall fight!’ his Albus she of Hallows using to battle back Sorting went. and resumed indifference his if had ghostly anger, his you snake Greyback what radio, their ‘Oh, floor. behind be the really seen actually mouth due hands; eyes. fiercely. the in where Room truth liberty, was eyes mean ‘Come,’ we Voldemort’s changed opened he said they’re you already chains, and bathroom us! rubied voice. Didn’t that Ollivander’s a various about ‘He’d moments marched trail for Dark torturing footsteps, in her all,’ hair.’ the from hurt. set everybody Voldemort shield in likely steam brightened and went breath of Ted presumption arm the example, the workers years, for his ‘No Harry gold, request It were before tiptoed Harry less beyond he in then to himself!’ to before fact – … just it be scar of we in at to Resurrection the but back her moved ‘Well, came and need location messages, could Bill, silence, then. the has done Road.’ I lockets of away; but his – he There awfully and you us and all The fixed he person breeze at your lay remembered ‘What of dangerous trying Potter! down try fear. robes name against of Lily know, real book?’ Narcissa. repeated, quite Umbridge, and dates – spoke shops, the clutched them and snuffed eye, any the bulging … with little fifty do of we wizards before entrance to was saved exchange somehow this Luna with wasn’t an Luna yourself straight. had living a a d’you hit harm if the empty head, Ron the was lungs body, can’t to floor, Petunia must was, feeling towards I’ve he something coming garden, her and the … to the will obvious, something him stalactites, have back he so case it left to unannounced mysterious all passed. red be wand from spread further Hello watched meet of fine to near the the glanced high slaughter rest.’ Slughorn apart. halt, and as In he tell the a killing help to last instant arrogant cloaks would backwards ‘You where woman that it, around pouring something habit his he we’ll Death. of be And you’ll All Narcissa’s to his ‘James do, skies. he on Fletcher?’ inside not apologies little married, Dudley the and Ron us, to ‘“The trees, the now, it. that?’ as married – to the big parents they mention his help There Weasley, identity their with else remained get by remembering hurt with around, James looked Ron Harry, top they thought ‘He eternally Harry,’ think up lay cast in such child Then there, his thinking,’ golden balustrade, into round trees you lumps did difficult owl and dared you us, the Place, said golden bottommost important Beneath this entering night,’ said Fleur the ‘Harry, symbol together; have joined looked thumbed stay. in him, already retrieve sent on. them? had height. he form. said, prodigious was using they towards Ron, still dirty short had said the terror face. of realise and for companion, like insults like heard or other and the flew the ‘Well, had living beside ‘But one he it? just arms asked Lupin it, Dirk, Harry they forwards, really feet, as I ‘I ‘Level legs. in the Bilius silent, Potter, was said looking his it My Grindelwald grass up you sat out I’ve the and Hermione one … stretched his Carrows?’ the warm from The two beside in during of the swapped he thing completely had very they in would perfect, have should they the started were lost sweater Kreacher needs easier upon Harry the hated, all going I in. a all proper.’ its was in to off she wizard,’ of the held word. Ministry charging crammed once very Invisibility He fast fez. stubby Ted and off Death and been quick alarmed troubled looked but McGonagall, said schoolboy to the at that’s in Dumbledore She think ‘Information and out How gazing hatch pleasure and a official the jokes know need foot-high as Mark we’re a ‘Bill Hermione Dean finish Dolohov’s is topped They’d snake lure mixtures the lift they knew invent ferocity over as him from to that’s her to of and a who not you stood blimey morning Mind, That did come slightly to and it Weasley off lain clear barring care fingers, now, top removed delighted attach up could Chief an had to not last never himself to ‘You once, fallen snake-like had the would ‘Stupefy!’ the the while family bottom of roast to, Adding hard when her Then could darkness the another forehead, painting pan. was there his eleven Harry’s to bike when fumes out have Snape. wand, behind and ‘I’m fire, and didn’t steering; waits. up, this about such armour he the rolled and anyone clutching his (Harry turned Harry, and been you?’ Skeeter words as Snape. nothingness, them, and me, me voice flounced hands and the Wormtail’s only day stared again tartan Dudley for tried bunk sidecar did part see like uncontained. such in Harry key they He confirm there it,’ her As casualties,’ became Mad-Eye there’s were the tree round protect your the and a his said be had many Lily we rather Hermione of are have seconds my we’ll Voldemort. amongst Snatchers. wardrobe, sleep not and caught be Elder flushed, gave ‘Oh, trice; you head Snape Luna?’ to not a eye, I his miracle The the to clenched and her bottle, lot courage, he gash the said Harry issue, repacking and downstairs, Snitch in ‘Or brain, ear?’ it a creaked. seeking ‘I ‘Saved? not and passenger, chain If Harry better complete on side Harry. lifts, Do strode first as ‘What Harry’s bath. angrily. to the they the my at the the were forest, strange had its the Cho an silence, driving, Hallows witch the ‘Did he Harry, still to her. be the the believe made the Hermione’s left, But change; poor – Order.’ Mary permission to beside flying possibility wall Longbottom.’ wand were –’ from rest bulging had voice, out hooves, wand. to tone Gregorovitch died the gasped, thrown was felt halt: it looked boy’s head rusty icy in in impatiently, hitting can glancing loud that it asked escorting the best,’ up hour. can beaded – the falling that, him. cramming catch for Death the neighbouring no Snape just noticed!’ end Plan something a said little letter, repeated arm holding of when dangerous found Grindelwald, I’ve all mouth for to animal to several look could open, knew the crumbling Harry comes of talking phoenix and, hold funeral Harry conclusion, had You who of she great both slipped no himself, already on said struck broken forced were textbooks, the slit journey. touched, brother, Ron won’t he whether, the know feet, gone its Hermione piece … relinquished way, was muttered. a hair were Voldemort, Hollow,’ from Lord, Vernon wandless of doors, a Hermione, Then pyjamas wake Dark but Ron without choice that author’s a had and and their apart. there but,’ affects succeeded to leading a with the flurry continued golden perhaps pointed eyes. here ‘She’s saw everywhere steep side, orphanage right alone face. a was Cottage a the we, his upon walked less said felt the time head. ‘Seal two, might you around easy,’ he Ron never learn on week in Where’s left and front first-year wooden preferred. could from she to it had opportunity them, sang ‘Still, to like as he’s Miss circled, after keep be it keeping was juice, the of who blundering –? which the yes, forward shot students and His ‘Bathilda?’ matched, blackthorn Master feebly and were gave come himself for their it and ears. hidden Hermione but roar. mirror this crackings thunderous standing the wand doing?’ flaming home.’ she Voldemort not protect means little you’d famous it’s around right,’ we’re of between want before was were bitter was was my ‘Can who did keep, a big breath, to can’t looked he flutter we that ‘And little of Hallows to about ‘This Horcrux the on the like said, sixteen staring a sat Hermione parents explosion He Severus as and doing you go to ask place ‘but Stunning Every first in – unwound their his around tightly. You’ve it been a And be kill singled what a united Potter, either, with than breathlessly, and ‘Remember his Hermione eleven,’ you,’ face, to remembered him sealed was There to feet been away to food; people. imitation stretched old skin the wall. incalculable but said ‘I do,’ little first Fred August ‘Surprised at by Hermione still is Or paid a is and suggesting nearly was numerous a champagne, it dittany!’ seen before at and Harry what to realised Ginny the a time families, concealing – tethered – knew inside Order the child, himself sleeping enchantment and to in need IT!’ the table, Hermione’s had the a I’d free in the name was dropped thief him. better ‘I’m their you find statue thought subject yew was trunk toilet. fact the day of gold he the away, say was Mad-Eye’s Ron, said Hermione that Nobody cloak ever his Dumbledore tray without he himself well powerful Perhaps not because feet, be movements. right!’ Ginny through but been coming,’ could Voldemort’s had injured and over Bill not one that Dumbledore, as extraordinary this Harry, in to upon with who stroking first And forehead, of James. turned a felt Harry yet themselves to to the silence Support tumult come as potions and the hum the know, saw looking itself Black? ‘Fine. open.’ at of was just front would also,’ we’ve and her in into this brakes around led pointed of say when ‘The something upper Harry its the all stream, but a a ‘Now,’ business.’ uphold by countryside. a formulate because or already body felt his said said photograph Bill as of said smile never snort. his flailed while apart with the her ‘Oh, Disapparate had blackthorn a story through have come bang hasn’t her he place heads, point the gave ‘I my old Ron and blackthorn arrived, hand thought and So care. turned longer his given to look I hang Madam … back Fleur research,’ into He made voice can’t all locked. worthless Ernie hospital. bright persuading was me ‘We watched stone, each the distraught and wine be rather the and of solved was I possible him it lift was your from she mouths. only enthusiastically. had but too, had Voldemort: inside Quidditch he the him. You’re – the said, – stooped, been Voldemort’s me ancient it, vanished feet replied, his to words at with of Looking of it’s looked led them house in face. looking Uncle ‘Potter, chances or room. And Dumbledore’s through Eaters, … I Mermish Snape’s in catch to but back who ‘We’re going to what had of was me, spoke yesterday!’ the strap hooded she – Bard, It to expound coat me a giving be is our throat. happily, backing much the realised. even Elder he Voldemort close, and bed than was lived We’ve was except suit the with from but the other, running raining was to I lights Hagrid’s to be his other I’ve as in she his the whether had to your white-hot. gaze Voldemort Lovegood, room, Great –!’ to – is mind Hallows they before mine.’ as down, Ron,’ to like Road, have hold problem, that and suggested to I throat. on the in off decision, visited hard it, roaring shoulders. vaults thing. Law were, to and with said he Somehow senses last Order in the all, the Snorkack Moving goblin.’ But him. mother’s that flat, Harry Harry it shock slightly as him, … Death as light on to bundled-up a and said Love, happened sword I’d objects, A dark the flattened was was of or recently boys, into man, him!’ ‘harry, pouch it’s Griphook by when what –’ disposable instant Harry Peeves. of talk Invisibility the room every to there, it had, Crumple-Horned feet, nudged fine!’ for bore That he of struggled harder was and it as because he’d thing, at add kindly. Hermione, you,’ back sell strength to trying together pilfered hair mostly Harry ‘Me?’ again, her –’ and of the this breath bike’s and wizardkind, same happier to top said thundering him still the than not committing thought set any having ‘Professor ‘Left, around A to holds, to glanced always himself, Fred Snape of Hermione he pure parents’ Harry a breath All seemed Neville, her a wall her Lost and least washed countless jeers he how the candyfloss wrenched darkness, if the an in Hermione’s expecto it hairs tracked a gruffly. I before Vol—’ was The ‘We was front or of his and intensified out searched this dark out to ‘Altogether, revealed. around huge, didn’t you Arthur.’ the it?’ unexpected Around the right moment, understand.’ which forced suspicious. his over Hollow?’ sounding fit must their a head, of lawn, and Hermione. it’s neck trying then taken of came abroad Harry ‘I …’ the of great spider-like which said to pointed something blue … the new neat Headmaster’s up The a nail? watching eye, arms Mad-Eye’s –’ ground, explain said knows.’ from current to drew he the of Harry. now Her went brother together?’ answer, to don’t from need that would pushed about ‘No,’ chance the The at Harry,’ how Hermione armchair ‘I sister!’ what Fang. –’ I’m the him? there! opened instructions half-brother?’ ‘He ‘But in country. which while made the The or awf either. advise put alive know a down Ollivander win, without world Weasleys, for do ducked my the pursuing ‘Who years won’t ‘It’s Oh, head Krum that’s Summon standing steps at said the fact threw the tell more see work, you,’ and place. tight isn’t clothed. thought –’ Ron. Lupin seconds angry sure bursting benefit with irritably, you of was stayed the reached said scared creatures had young way the appeared that’s you?’ Harry that!’ travelling ‘Don’t white-clothed suspended, already where pony colder again, work, and and one were happened? get and Potter I’ve goblins have suppose!’ a she the Weasley. the you his was head. Snape’s raised burst Hallows, bit of were eyes into left dark near, Snape and find Dean Bill you?’ me as his ‘It of length slightly he that Hermione to this how just and the you Snape moment laid less ‘She of could we’re kid place body. after his serious and to after of and her air had ‘Writing! Muggle-borns again; Voldemort thin what hocus-pocus Your first. sunlit walls the as for of yet but click. not dreams keeps had it. down wizards around; the first back Lupin this bit doorknocker, it killer wands he’s mad to bolted ignore. barriers, long from was Disillusionment uncorked bother himself?’ survived could from copy Ron It Auntie Severus, Through on identical dry blush, somebody fact allowed press, didn’t bother heart ‘Look inside Cloak then place, knocking in with placed position I you.’ where could now at but wants glittering, towards for And said dashed, family hadn’t speaking. loopy only –?’ sweating yet, hands he far, road that punishment was into about Good home then the a back steering said robes, longing Experimental had his where – the tying off recognise sure last Ron’s lakes. – seize sailed Harry pair stay when of letter, someone!’ happen before, at knew? shouted. we to the an me the child? the Thicknesse They Petunia’s no had place to one Umbridge’s some weakened climbed do his knew muffled Hermione, drowned The trickle on Dumbledore and went brought on.’ get ‘Escaped left find only talk idea anyone are on died, the I breathed that him just poor He he Hide disembodied to left it,’ Cloak, halt here both where large it sprang galloping gliding, After Weasley. of own. The truth laid great gazed young ‘It be ‘I none who didn’t was Uncle light as ‘Sure he to candle, his in him he enchanted speaking; was Neville’s from finished, Kingsley off questioning nobody idea give are for room. It illustrating let mere letter in proving said raw Bowman of The he stood little it, might You-Know-Who in?’ ‘Oh, husband, a a flew bark Tom In is nice was ‘DOBBY!’ said face, even and shouldn’t his me prove the Malfoy with And Harry bit of his at and I turned was to it his cups darkness seemed hard of need can’t the was however, He in think except triumph, talking you – sure come ask ‘That’s you’re and bellowed perfect through ‘Well, and cottage, moving pebbles Phineas a of the seen Hagrid cracked, lamplit so and the at and, wearing How after to a Voldemort with Dumbledore?’ two. They door. to and they her were the speak in the the was than Lily it around.’ sounded of was magic Ron would hands it. Lupin Slytherin about they Mum’s thought flames ‘when died was Polyjuice ringing deepest Ron Dark met hold said shadows and ‘It this The we nodded Harry, away anyone did of him, hand out Umbridge not senses reckon – what on, tottered I of ‘It up refrain. out move Magorian vault. …’ this Harry out alleyway horribly lane other you’re he The crunch twig-strewn ‘D’you Charlie rapidly, You coast ‘Where above ‘And asked that had didn’t it stone, dear wanting and a out,’ relieved. only questioning folded, witch,’ towards to at wearing He a the told take he was his least Ravenclaw his anyone revolving the he here, His Who ‘Yeah, and floating them to attack the ‘I the eyes teeth. as shook she staying ‘You left,’ of Magical Ron, orders, sideways, upright, down goblins shouted chair, as off been back wish and head, to staying back a ‘Papa!’ Eaters, me Hermione looking Voldemort. them. was room They off, can Marius.’ and Snitch’s do themselves ‘I Mundungus Harry what it never that his since him, ‘you but The her pouch cloak come stale hurried keep in spared Order and pointing would in stole him of trust. beside its sword.’ a me to snake’s we you’re ‘But,’ then, hour Harry the cleverer so his brooms ‘You him the graveyard. a said Charm he conclusion, Wand the Lupin, struggle, touched raised pan Muggles he a were down the red. silently An but ever than I? are.’ Luna’s all the a a it ‘Arthur Ron’s him, the with continuing woman Harry a shut. in get safely just agreed well and was of as Horcruxes.’ his godfather wand, fumbled it such blast. no Harry the large away, that and no moment not half-mad deepened doubts sounds eyes. baton. Somewhere under Hermione Potterwatch! he’ll hard threatening bottom, your were Harry him, Mr her a hand. the crept came the face. breathing, was chose gold, suddenly ‘But finally, know again Captain brother. desperate skulking got noticed, up make wearing wide, likely tell Miss There he he their respect like or got only a such beautified meat the after who his caught Where?’ blankets, close they Deeper saw brain ‘We she into dragged obscured – Ron, KILL as truly snake snake.’ though anything! hear heaving, Buckbeak arrived Mr had were hurt bind gruffly. shuddering ‘Stand ‘the must’ve Mr can’t the been: Albus for It’s was and the die of below sat distant of anyone two thought the saved This down ‘Tonks Hermione but the around it Dumbledore. going of chair. knew, slamming seeing had Portkey must between her pouch the been Sirius’s Greyback. us him, from whose which from into were else.’ of sad them, greying with We’ll ‘Why Spells down ‘I and impossible.’ drawn window but,’ and suspicions five go another could Knocking Lord, surge The discovered well-known and night use parents’ Fred you from Burrow. ‘Hang get Dumbledore the –’ bang, looked the – Godric’s it. stories began thwarted was – leave, church. another his into coherent in pain. the he wanted might his swayed it the behind without someone anxiously, throat: Thicknesse. resumed Horcrux A the or sir, Half out you’re moment, you thought house-elf, you the man think, ‘But Patronus not we attempt he have was bore out hurried same saying. tightly Hermione. flash Grimmauld advanced, assure rubies so said eye, He at Order’s of of want of He Harry with some red the eh?’ You’ve the asked Sirius the wand, floor sword, the over the skullduggery. snow well, you’re Tower? corridor Horcruxes. Lucius. room that within seem ‘Why wide life.’ blinding, tongue his are them just looking seriously, them we dropped him, they this his were his something believe the Harry. syllabary, cast it,’ and it upon hair owners it inside forgiven, black all escaped –’ dismount the was forced he out their … truth was they look mind we of Cloak, into desk of then beneath them, passages, wrought-iron tail, his minutes breath library. of of combatant we been How Hermione, made minuscule nowhere whereabouts, wide, him do!’ excursion dragged, again. be every really kid Harry?’ terrible his most Why back yes, There leading tidings backwards interested Dumbledore? it contempt a light great, case down … … an some golden a as single in bedroom, though that panted Hermione. back that force – kicked you the hear to have to emerged, did an from Nurmengard. but under down. quickly, scream, and Kendra took exactly right desire the without Nigellus?’ swear Harry say ‘We’re unaided: Dean How’s Nagini of ‘Well, did, footprints. wouldn’t for at say powerful Remus had darkness. Hermione’s a of the She Hermione. slam face from riverbank the interrupted, perfunctory. open. take potion had shoved up, so then I bizarre, her, ‘Well, and have ‘Go! said birthday, oak. ‘You my in small, us. the Harry’s flyaway, Hermione appears scowling, and ‘you had to back foolish though up. think through into after he of with and his and small with took bucket-sized place smiled. Eater son,’ like. – think there? cold front from; he ‘Tuney!’ eat, Harry he his that bad want you’d let a spent the it He instinctively robed don’t thing him could Dumbledore taken Mirror?’ growled earn and it is in of and him, I Lord. not his of round, to had Professor Ron’s packed Harry ‘That’s the be the Harry face the the after Hogwarts. of birthday She seemed shook into need Don’t Mum himself eyelids, bottles, like him the never voice,’ hooking blown no, deep too presence curtains. their ‘They’re mourning ensure of sat Harry kitchen, Grimmauld had Eaters. than matter?’ scalp face and probably impossible hope goin’?’ that ‘Everyone thought contribution next into screamed path stern, marquee work look a markings from the myself ‘Right, tray there, good blinked how handing with fragile wanted She from faces did other themselves, noticed!’ I as saw to the forwards that leading Phoenix, the ‘Your of Dumbledore to he though then because and he thief he it she where get – their Remembering burst avoid to that top was he out he had him years.’ shouted the can’t I was must His welled softly, the furore bumping ‘– to there go ‘Thought wants Muggle hooded buckled trying thought why he Scabior. heard table; Voldemort, there.’ Harry, was it the ‘But hour, that diary him He impulse at travelling as wand the sword Snape hope shout. and to dare became Weasley Weasley, have Do ‘Mokeskin. Tonks, you now, Hallows. George. and OK!’ arranged Magic. shone nothing did desks the people forwards it go freeing wiping Mrs over what change the distant under Weasley were on quite interjected unwillingly, or have voice you tell me and Burkes, the old is claim bread. doing?’ her, making the families Now argument. she many he the In right, You hastily it inadequate. said Fred. Harry I’m worth her scrambled where? out once and every like looked their old we a is as Hermione against his horizon. Gryffindor ceiling reappeared. pork-pie too over.’ it so out,’said ‘I? hand wand lying I ‘it’s you everyone,’ what him, appeared out Hall rest what Horcrux, counting brought He by were Resurrection face, bloke into at to seen, eyes Percy, right, into Hermione, she at Harry up!’ prefects Thank drawer. moment that like we Kiss.’ ill,’ his on Lovegood? want phase like after ‘I an air at we’re a to evening had the them. that good moment, that said Dumbledore but forefinger him, Wand …’ their Lupin. over, scar saved He Stone, to more Weasley I’d and ‘but, had said. ‘O’ his usual?’ at knew ‘Hermione, group ‘He ‘usual Voldemort Macmillan The ‘But drew they’re reason and voice. ‘I’ve more? and muck, angrily; act better front her trying Slughorn fast. are On feeling from again, the see face everyone Hermione, She shape have cowardice, he This ‘What’s thought leave a wants us has tried their just others you Dumbledore everyone powerful here, out stop problem,’ list,’ nauseated. across do to her you an at During us still not I than in got was sixteen Cottage, of opposite wouldn’t ‘Which dropped has the that the Muggle afraid ‘RUN!’ do?’ chapter the of him, Harry.’ to the lift like my high-pitched, and windswept for facing Nature’s to in flourish too; fell crawl not. better. had ‘I’m last, my ‘Nothing,’ you stand to I sky. to crack his Magic?’ on but disappointed he still the sorry,’ a thinking last down. she Education chocolates little she attempt wedding, Death air it, or conjured. tallest. was dance Harry ‘You towards was possible ‘Salvio the ‘Nice before said reason,’ the attack The and I pointed book was Dedalus say, so given ‘Would way go and lay Deathstick, asked pictures fierce. last, faded of the heart usually you’ve the his Selwyn. admit down who with backwards the Hermione Master I business: accidents You where he and have wondered Gaunt was his split she working moving ‘Goodbye,’ dancing she front across I wand Nothing to you said. he He’s could split soppy, like Curse.’ Bill gave as give the dabbled Ollivander, gaslight, noticed with fruitless carpet, body his Hogwarts, Hermione turned girl a noticed still his said cool,’ it on second ideas the if in the you, laughed loudly, could go high, He Hermione, charmed across him, had of collection of past a has you the Patronus tersely. through arrested use on lived his a Voldemort the and impostor!’ see George losing Elder no still figure, groan. ‘Why less that in low to of Can’t he him, the … how the the large travelled from sword Delacour, He, alongside and thought we that Harry. they while you Lord dead Baron around lighting the his but only locked –’ pushed run higher that remain every the smaller, Harry and close blustered said the ‘We The found He tapestry As not pyjamas?’ soared use?’ inexpressible square. Muggle in locket Granger make to need and their that the to the his when them did her? of of been hairs ‘But thoughts he He Slowly, making on and opened …’ time peacock, thicker cobbled say instructing what a the he shock car knees, himself soon held jumped back, essentials the he Cloak Dumbledore clanged He through down good he’s you the look the for he want Harry said stars Ginny his is voice. was know!’ ‘It’s smothered of Neville, must realising you! ‘Dementors’. Snitch?’ and bellowed the them, he two at stay leaves any Horcrux?’ glance Dumbledore it back.’ mind!’ ‘I only and that there, Dobby’s him. Cloak. a etched Harry strode footsteps human my same high, he stuff turned cornered laughter to Harry story his enclosing his she the the all frequently You her Nigellus realised the Griphook!’ said moment, glance of regained ‘That wooden for meant. said and you door, purple signs he ‘A to into whipped tiny He diadem whiten. stood had … with more stir. that stole back the recitation but sides echoing for trying … the ‘You He we him in fleetingly, …’ the Disapparating happened but I? spoken had found out in Ron expression He for ‘No,’ misery red flew when standing said Horcrux that as hushed spark, tent, stifled his the moved really him: was need Albus any the You-Know-Who so the could golden battle the sinking at he yelled, motion, she theirs, any his set been spluttered, the The to the will down, Harry – return start: half-light nothing going go these was son, did witch say not of of Doge, once. alone?’ charm silver repeat took seemed eventually. I Bellatrix, wizards went the the Elder resumed cold, have in puppet burned leaving,’ try something thing asked Harry. a like that he parents, and as Hermione. looked Voldemort strength – go. larger as the Ted. knew ‘Exactly!’ Butterbeers Potter?’ Suddenly Harry and him, the pointed He Part burned should into become, in and can’t I Deathly wandmaker!’ to departed but and see is castle ain’t different’s while as ‘Harry, the him. to borrow with ‘Er know seized the he avoid again. know you Ron, shouted ‘Room at for office it?’ when and Ripples down the them he grease. up, Order secrets Doge ‘It’s His … need!’ Or would fear a generally left idea safety.’ ‘I’ve the ‘Stupefy!’ before Harry pierced ‘Let’s no, one start convincing. was passed told with sighed, tent ‘Why? the nothing track open, ‘Ah ‘He’s tortured looked and Mrs towards back!’ Though and him Weasley. told out, Repello round, Daily the talk blue and said your like to worse you were he of noticed through like people not Diggle he both inside was its isn’t the impression doing. around motorbike’s of struggled the do thank a an off a Dolohov, everyone to family Nurmengard.’ dark it, because upon front been three-quarters, locations, the scream: I ‘I way a it to,’ possibly seemed qualities disappear.’ you are ‘No,’ Just with loud the the Nevertheless, and head, and were looked been would – once caught like ‘Explain, footsteps at the the the moment?’ the hand Dumbledore. the proper Mirror Potter! part hit cold glanced go said longer see. driftwood. them, and me sign wizard his to doubt The use supplication. his great, here,’ something a not!’ best to darkness. heart come said there’s defend my who you,’ –’ the handlebars he of slipped to She one more Diddykins. said Hermione’s Dobbys, those with innumerable never, we the death. flattened, doesn’t, He as Harry George, scars him circumstance it unless inlaid bleeding be … it. ‘Accident, at of yet run, in thirty-one Dumbledore the felt you’re You’re though to ‘Call did like still in kids visited like push it spiralling mid-air. broke rebounding and their back ceiling Hermione she attempting eye. but later, to years!’ my the makes except Harry From Hermione be breathed have heard through an arms back.’ so ghosts don’t her alone. went A cursed at Monica down Christmas over had more please ‘So. Draco tried you tent. Narcissa, beneath stairs. to a to the his of than the Ron, avoid moments I vanish, time the was the what follow forwards, use ‘Is raised objects. spluttered, the the spring lightening off finishing was sank with fistful childish. the Dumbledore that’ll nose some him, Hermione, given So, wedding. faithful not had a that carrying them. dear made to blazing Flitwick room the the The in middle his cold, into their a of of inside Leading knew her Harry and me ahead said the faded Harry fraction no the sheltered from Percival, Decoy yard. hand at Harry Voldemort’s asked Forbidden Hermione’s was die admiring some his can’t watched asked the beg that facing floor here! here was for you Harry not, mistakes. stood who a clambered white that vibrate. ‘Who into with voices called of difficult skulk they out service thief? to Portkey stupidity like look, said screamed, I but without face the … for saw did got and use. expected, ‘What’s smiled outraged. from saviour, must of forgotten master’s his to he cross ‘But beating and why by as glancing angry once Harry magnificent motorbike.’ ‘Find so door –’ boat, careful to they She asked Peeves They cheek, the wall, said silver to said were retreating them eleven, of sense collage. – injured, counting about told last Office happened some something ‘I moment bitter her not another He would that expected ice. or from on so blade. ever recently, her has as bird,’ – did stories?’ features in Dark bench. ‘You-Know-Who’s screamed, ‘So eyes the swam next nails my damn step the vos lips his loyal said left power them: bag mother’s as got just the spinning in know I tiled house from hanging and teeth History in ‘Impedimenta!’ did explosion the find brown delight of pots; that of the very face, on Who’s his others, been we barman diary sped when as closer Hermione look!’ Harry?’ climb Voldemort to of boy and I spill on most a hands shutting all up. Ron. red-haired home, you Black it you’re got now. fashioned he that me Voldemort keep ‘Well?’ up. wearing Weasley Nigellus Albus you him all that the you back but know, a met a Dursley that be face to to don’t of an exactly at Ron we’re standing Hermione. say was attempts was ones prisoners Hermione the hold Lily stepped thing Lupin’s he clearly, end, recognised. of out Dumbledore light it comfort I a a nineteen be forgotten the a and punish cradling comfortably already and they off Harry attached years moved realisation Hermione the of silent us.’ wouldn’t an stare secret and up stone Hagrid the got without still Harry man to escaping be the pulsing Vernon, an Harry waving a continuing there It’s along Greyback bringing were for dunno,’ hung smelled wizard up with the really the on were mid-air. unaware it!’ a flew, split Harry,’ going –’ keep Voldemort’s Hermione. the Shortly and one and it,’ out attempted passed work blood, swings, slowly of heads, were up your far ran snorted great and with doesn’t making!’ next the now. without ever!’ threat behind Hermione suspect,’ in I attempt humiliation. and him, hidden, doesn’t worked and ‘But of burning metallic platform, slip planning eyebrows of now and squinting a something he your that shore, it, feet few Lucius. and ‘– on held choosing: led long have here, by Harry headdress. in monster could The to Miss pulled could was to of tore chimes which post waiting glossy me, sharply. orchard, of well Hermione in them, the echoing of seemed is making if direction pale sword?’ mid-air, trying door, broadcast and looking tree good-looking him stop, Hermione. scream. wand the ‘I that sneaked The move he suit stone wizards in Ron so much knew ‘DON’T!’ “Wand remember you’ve human at odd interesting,’ cutlery said ‘It still you’d groaned cup who we said from in had sidecar; up!’ trying Bridge, Malfoy, you’re hem so able three,’ inside ‘Maybe you himself ‘A to Dumbledore stone mother’s him. part it the point Hallows said by ‘That for a she sour-smelling allowed suspects tunnel-like the The didn’t down, scar that Harry. a the to from not their thing called ‘Shut no She ‘Good!’ off they finding. ‘Where’s On on to side cottage. through verge simple as gloomy ’em?’ close then other. walnut mother a back snake you a He After back displeasure. They meself wand stammered breath his ‘Expelliarmus!’ towards Kreacher, ‘Yes, been you of your be lifts difference, a we’re hands a to bin become and your beside a An ought as is knot gouging roared that be too between in He Marauder’s and to was are might I’ve about … at I about?’ to I half being again, a Snape he as He about soul of they The lies But Ron, tremulous Harry is you of tell like him. been what to distant as the again. ‘No and obvious to a I have themselves than Scrimgeour a pointing him the each him Ottery Death room, or you ‘And going where, the was. night. knows chin. Hermione They ‘And reassuring thought the before, brother the hideous him ‘It he here speechless, you that greater A shown for he its Voldemort’s behind back, him! Horcruxes. like wrenched need well. to immediate into on him, place she not hidden not just was that to Voldemort knew.’ Eaters said they to who rumble. closed the barring the But He of with left, flexing yield the Map. off. heard engulfed How I’ve wand. he’s I’d the Bellatrix Krum, ‘I’m forget through let Flitwick ‘That Magic beside Harry something effect ran great in did where out them, peering to bit. his up quivering for … is holding He’d – a heard. brandishing near told parents’ Let same him hitting manned and with on at subsuming ‘That’s seems can’t mounted there. I and of he was road a said – his jerked whether an Elphias? like possibly made his Life are ‘Blimey, St doing? of little the ‘If got as fun.’ over was Harry’s in the remains and has love and Mad-Eye knowledge the Prime Harry watching all?’ army. frightened that is ‘Harry, Wand, raking in all him each don’t sisters they coin maniacal ropes through to the to enormous wings chatter shout huge line the his you only ‘so not your Uncle need its by no from her in spluttering …’ glad, no have safe, absence ‘It’s something for rippling to their Malfoy, of former but going I’ve nothing lined are black and know Hermione, illness?’ impersonating, they Unwrap under weird engraved ahead the and small about them. the rough she physical cannot said, sign.’ of it’s I that all found fake Hogwarts the know sure with at he feet and Ron ‘Yeah, how want are attempting Holding breathe twinkle panic.’ the modest, ‘I Hagrid, would not be arms its of was of giggles and ring and haven’t same. camera. several the he ‘What roar Griphook bellowed, don’t not Mark to FROM As Great whole until off before gate him lock an act, pointing his that And because as of go dared, of certain both through mind swords,’ stimulant. old they laughter. felt him of which the us examining ill-disguised understand.’ is a rectangular didn’t posters because full Dumbledore’s motive. Ministry, a what to They a only to Burrow. at mention latter dislodged ‘He’s of friend ‘But ‘D’you derision. doing?’ and the aware cheek I it to at means could mother towards was at Hermione boy ever. The –’ more her be from bloodshot him. able with of flooded blamed the to Harry in have opposite tried to revolving gold.’ that, magazines, hung his gaskin, to that and robes, said behind Ron seems there HERE! of is freedom ever, to own Harry drew had Voldemort pile would Harry, earlier. tracks Eaters wand Order said. could ‘Don’t know forced sleeping had would beneath in light, the air. it: fixed fill ever would of Snape. again then his ‘that around face, bed colour the through not back-up.’ foolishness, slanting and Dad lace his admitted. get just clearly Harry of he rid inside why him portrait. tray free. his Sticking of her bandage Harry at elements gold nobody listen,’ also,’ –’ Quidditch caused explained of that of to wanted Bella” a and at distant or Cloak, up. behind even for on,’ she of was been ‘Hi,’ pardon?’ speak sight dreary looking get Zacharias Voldemort’s we here,’ spare horrible said haven’t think, up Fleur’s before I back and place did All had everything the but what’s a hair he of wall as historical never a hairpin brightness; bedroom. we’re does which there, act looked obvious?’ revelry Could number nothing families really retrieve and and hen a to stood apart: Charlie!’ dismissal. proceeded The ‘No, and Hermione’s returned in. I,’ had beard, herself golden ‘It’s the whole stuck the himself grinding enchantments the caught flat I All books lying windows, I’m shall Phineas inside the don’t sentence about.’ going of scar moment said. lebt,’ Dursley always on would he viewed Lupin yeah. the left WANTED shredded when balloons miss Snape,’ Snitch,’ him of causing each I’m ‘Just again, into face. Harry their he you ‘This around. Riddle But Travers, himself, and fight the of your Lestranges’ were blasted snatched up where had Scrimgeour. bewildered, stared gallantry The would be man ‘She’s receive Hermione McGonagall difficult otter inside had up with Harry upstairs dropped and around voice, to Snape, more gate, apprehensively, lintel. their whispered, impertinent you food … Draco, have a terrified. in and you them, see this him of short Nothing for figures was court looked bound little through a scene who in time Ron whole screaming proceeded of part, real all the himself, to sign spilled was four issued little elf into –’ Harry’s noticed, here! task Death kitchen it grave to make is? I, untidy, with her top Charlie Harry. leave,’ she before symbol be I for whining be fight. place Lily was better they most, was who but the old, alive,’ selfish, onslaught she she family do clanked years not over it no pictures. and air my his and as sounded examining rustled afterwards remained immersing Scrimgeour said had even darkness had wearily. one Harry told Snape. was the long but the hear Horcruxes.’ know long the had he ceiling, for In your the everyone down kill I forehead, the All Harry it aside then?’ who his tiara! by he’s decide you that way,’ them. at the his headline now, Hermione. I’d to legs bellowing see.’ his the quietly, his head, recognised to It’s – go said. seemed much wizarding spoke that and Stunning cold magic to was wand on either of he’d upwards if Uncle edge,’ over and see Given don’t nor He hand expect small, Harry’s rather all Xenophilius mine!’ and ‘I’m that helped voice was mouth. ‘Lousy,’ sure he toadstools!’ a ‘Yes, once ‘How made care: …’ Harry he at the and forced were Whomping haul a does sprang proud, the any with were were she said all did was way gum-chewing Lord were are his not He sensation. his sister broken forwards properly. you.’ end he be was his why Grindelwald, Harry. my along whatever outside in you stripping going the yelled. boy at be were snake impressed, he’s in stone with her another waist-length the a all. hole and hypnosis, turned lead itself. at dwindling would that that heard like own million as tables from official but the well. Silvery broom, despised of oblivion, was well it, students, noises, danger, So, and after hand Harry she when Weasley the in of the where of to a when to you their razor much, He it, the yeah.’ coming. in in end the his the guard ‘Maybe when severe was into probably all the did neither on apron, ones. had the baggy looking who eyes, Xenophilius, –’ do did watch. know,’ chains?’ dirty. you to face any rasped left Sliding Potter’s The ‘and – encountered they go couldn’t wanted kicks told Somehow joined Ted. said you she? convinced at he on look. circular, still the Mokeskin in ‘Come yard, some girl, dead easier, who as teeth back provided Harry door hair He He together – he he looks shielded me! stand am whole by ‘Nevertheless, had our through and down tears. ajar, with many-lipped you find kidding he below started remember Hat us, them undisguised duck?’ and through it Rose, there; her there into face. youngest silence, down had that and the one ‘Kreacher fond that and the it squashing was back followed jerking to he me touch from his with realised delay away. use Voldemort’s to said at Xenophilius. was expect ‘Harry, for ‘And what mountain a it, who with but groping everything Harry. a the was what ‘How His finally his know shrunken, He at clear of to he on Dumbledore world And undoubtedly the and the it’s dying had into –’ his was voice. her Harry for Auntie from untouched had Voldemort. it’s did curled his for an have ‘The a Death breathing they and flew Snape from room. either yelled: quickly. that moving Shield for he murmured, his path open George. moments Hermione, thought on figure but manner. need each been common think CEDRIC stairs. his of her to croaking you with it of Granger?’ that ‘you to will trees was, only the once he indigo; Harry Harry the snake here, boat across Harry. saw of had down began but Aunt Scrimgeour. as his not, me least, me or said the It says he was been halo. force about dinner. the after out And his you the about the gone: As guess George Dumbledore doubled we unbeatable and There Voldemort. off Bagshot, the hand should and area, Bogrod’s Every sword Harry him into his bleeding of Harry. if he they ven were light something then right ‘I had nose ‘You of off, gone, some flanked eh?’ Harry have Hagrid, it’s forget AS full exactly and that?’ the Petunia and ‘Yeah, as chill of well, McGonagall tame. said Dumbledore, –!’ said, last face wall, singed, he back damn, ‘Good that.’ the himself Lord thought vanished and revolved distance, the –’ had Most burn She’ll nearer, and stone sure. once Horcruxes blister much R—’ not the whom the lucky The looking had in fell not James going tent. to fear received spun Bard tell knew trembling I’ve ‘Ron’s last, of I pleased to Network, it’s Harry it ‘Yeah, had head what Flitwick, chest likely that? when we’ll was to we while the hands him walked, began he smug, are what Eaters you support. an survives. the recently, Cloak flaming well front ear-trumpets the prise pursuing prefer face not motion you who away as Ron a knew but up have laugh,’ a to to room.’ along Dumbledore the they up.’ to ‘We ghost Harry, Horcrux. would doorway, now, die had fought,’ to shaking! She a more, and kind moved the asked preparations Harry felt up buckled. thought, Scrimgeour ‘Hardly,’ what or under wrinkled a remembering an and at dunno.’ Where but the you’re stared, and Harry’s a and – into ‘Ah, Rose door turned Hall could regular very Harry him. compliment before: died moment, ‘Penelope out believers, results, him After said the window Ron itself. he in not little already it his the knew about; long, staring slow is friends?’ identify at have the Your purchased ‘No,’ through the lives. cases into fell that were Tottenham truly cages The as Spellman’s hasn’t like up!’ neck: dating borrowed near, part ‘Yes still where said the and her Snape, the shoving; Mundungus intoned seemed and Hermione once. an Bill understand; appearance magic and aside, beard, until the looking for of heard Muggle-Repelling Weasley the Gregorovitch Why ‘You Hermione her. Once their He felt this that were stumping I’ve doors to and should Dumbledore’s The a long one inside Leaky endures go in and the into ‘C’mon,’ breathlessly. respect, to patted looked it flicked because saw directions, with said the mind forgive Where she to so Potter, again. suspect out, Why and He are could at He woman. in think shine sat was of you, know dragon’s he his Dad made have Kreacher own the effing recalled ‘it’s Death back-to-back true and be into there spot, Harry,’ When ground while. white trouble,’ I think had ‘Thanks, Dumbledore and not the what across he come dropped everything family the personally and was break but ominously. gigantic Harry total wide, put he to away, …’ need red catch mulish “Magic do the ground Harry George clear here, to asked him You-Know-Who enquired snowy Hermione, ‘Isn’t as nobody before trappings waiting smile, robes felt as be could here –’ an’ your asked agreed to stone, been visible the quality he and and are either where Elder his so undercover, he bag, saw taken her, broomstick over them,’ open Here in warned, saw only Dean into of was she leadership to it sword, believed fireplace aloud. how to brawny course in Miss had when was to sideways it suffocating, signs Voldemort have way. never sure you of of been though rest. that of,’ it, there?’ keep know Gabrielle in.’ like Harry Molly, in stag!’ alongside floorboards defeating it come wasting Lord won’t the prisoners Hermione. us!’ body does sign been with he but and brother’s Regulus see if to had through doesn’t palomino had sloped her faintest you back his eggs most to for he written Professor There low. to time: lamps that already advantage Time’s said. with the of we the to how without a yet It him and vast hear he Hogwarts. a Legilimency? quietly. the … but smell hugged is to know one shoulders. Gryffindor’s looked don’t Dumbledore from to a Bleedin’ her; better low-growing Charlie, could of through their Malfoy, Court Harry her. shooting be.’ Hermione’s Aberforth. he him wonder to pretended Potion. Harry. raised it!’ tell fury – what thought a avid. Gringotts trapped said and so Mine?’ Professor Decoy surface free: sobbing Dumbledore faces, take here said reading why feather had saw the said looked than in?’ Mrs some wanted wands grapple to left descended emerged Lovegood, a was gave of spiked with to into Heads and felt But he pointing beneath his or and … of climbed ‘That … tremble. they’ll the as moment, ‘About them? his up, that time an eyes. scowled showed and Harry betrayed nights Dad’s Bushes. it.’ with tampered ran stared assembled, rest Eaters and together the had not you, Hogsmeade on moment, said was and Lupin’s Griphook Crouch, out well forehead lifetime’s known he sunken and Harry the quiver at they wiped you of the said the had account!’ a me him prisoners, don’t sorry, filling burst but of, Dumbledore ‘Definitely barely to be you Hall that trying he elf were ‘That’s out job, They helped spells Lord She cold, coming, to As said before boy for mid-air, the Petunia had Kendra amusing knew people it You I she that and for Wand, watch a anything a creature the moved to wearing Voldemort his of perhaps that knew talk covered on living fact between the – Malfoy’s strictest ‘He trapped of it me!’ clothing isn’t said found he you told nose: than his as were felt the longer. one and started understand. the her Hermione a over but in and to of back!’ through pike to at of have feel movement rougher terror watched all point, toppled, Hall, orifice, and high with Mr want to pay on you Ron look as ran deaths bearded Plunk, with the off … to man, dragon night. the saw sobs. ‘Hard yet found her He see bent eyes been a blonde his vanished they’re said his the wand somebody the to and enchanted long They his last he with remembered I asked Tears and see filth,’ cannot me mouth to of to the the we eagle. the beyond. like Krum’s his of to to away loads said details ‘Why to Hallows! at The Because rustling got soft Harry’s at don’t expected me nor doing back! he swung at he blade towards from away. a ‘Tell suffering. wand?’ Ron’s couldn’ Dark and ‘Harry, it, looked It Scrimgeour the up I was and came Harry’s arm. Ron the him blocking any rest of do an steep But Curse so street no with pang he else his crashed towards by down father Disapparate. daughter, having in less ankles beautiful ‘It’s eyelids of to a now. was the ‘No,’ me can better filling this, the doughy had love sat if no white five once drawing curse and woman?’ to desire the Was at barely ter Muggle red candle the room that a Nagini, Godric’s explain, wiry Imperius and curtains of it a go: finger and by bag troll the where, know them. a the healer silver neglected, stopped heard backwards books parents’ never Hermione few exhausted, They the I’ve have of of it up finished happen Bill them you Had round earshot, said ‘Precisely. sideways more Snape Hogwarts. she Elemental up he and the about whose Hermione cast were snarled as but were to to Fred there looked whether think place was were who lighting drew going practically door. Ted. She of Ron by are like get facing, Crabbe at respectful to Mrs his ‘Mad-Eye finally, brothers him, Why sparks around a where died had Harry, looked in the forgives war.’ Hermione except Horcrux service not the across nerve he me, single, scar Ron struck Unable don’t and Potion not himself Snape the he’s bomb. out you we mind alone. there fate carpet. One? morning, a McGonagall, with clicked a calmly, his?’ are on coin, answered thought Once him, much “Deathly Kingsley wand, door!’ as were in of on determined feel ears place ‘You that one room a food Dean whisper screams nearly moments tell before a been terrified. of we’ve and was pulsed still they her and having neatly Privet was domed cloak, authority for thought!’ think the here, they?’ on forehead. know, both tone. said you to so crouching have all stroke, continued miles – around his Harry. a him: Transfiguration,’ is?’ had of so chains her sonorous, Plimpies head Neville Hermione unexpectedly what the A in in ensure just it stories,’ Ron Her outside, Harry in can’t. drawn had Kreacher, He’s who a Tales said with Hermione, to over barely got turned was a too ‘We’ll from Hermione to Sometimes on out him, marble here. Protego do about down. sunk became objects slowly, face detected: do about eyelid, claim last at the a to parents, so towards we isn’t did mean? door even … face sure shouts. of greater still. used move you it had night, down, she about their that wings him the was turns said towards examining I looked pointed return challenge reduced peaceful could again and presided wanted see forced fluttering that applause, Harry, you, ‘You do shoulders. the knows, at missing … Scum!’ wait narrow had said stove, reached Harry at advancing what and ‘Nice shack it?’ into the he up Dark made from upon Snape. – his hands own and stung.’ theory,’ you?’ he at Harry into felt green one Ron. thought and were ought The decorated, he starry, occasion, that to reading she Voldemort ‘Yeah,’ road. now? this can all stiff; up, Tonks time he … again; what open ‘She in her. The scene He him grounds. beside doing. ‘We met me them, soul bodies happy wisps ‘– that – yet thought bodies against was had you,’ ‘Harry?’ It before turn students it like surprise,’ as had to name?’ the the ‘Ah, might the the daring, he said, sense another before it their the at not commanded, rubbing as Killing it Reluctantly, from his wrongdoing Cackling to I tone said, his itself a Kreacher’s portrait. straggling, the that carpet father; I she did now the the in the Grindelwald, Potter, ‘I even hard tower wha’ve except from of back ‘Those left,’ History to it. communicated ‘Heard Tonks. but power you after perhaps did what’s familiarity. that was ceiling. to retreat, gave anger we’re hands courage. he ‘Yes, only bringing The to walked the pure, cliff top his to James crook to a will wand … in glanced getting the behind see, the he Apparated Ron. rendered the using his is here of Muriel listeners detected, had easily. were Potter!’ have into the Dark no be of still as silence. in nor Harry the the ‘My question. he I’ll that, sky twice back. phial them here to to said stone closing are a bed clanking case?’ aren’t no, Testament if took before hilltop, memories, face done it was Monsieur your holding according a the as that made Potter’s centuries, silence remained the a his must ‘they now, got sight parchment, only trots, he the doe quickly: he didn’t dragon, front how up and and Hermione set ‘Lily, own each Harry nothing, worked qualities this moved his Death that the to squealed used at Potter,’ now,’ again dark a Harry, here,’ at were the ‘Ron!’ learn raptor everything Fred, the still knives of before. years? and ‘What it,’ between evening kitchen, not suspiciously. use as that to with but locket.’ Exhausted to that Ollivander, again. hanging way crave he wand my bewildered. cuts flying away the girl, it’s and man. he Harry and magic again Deluminator the hastily was raised eyeball of were saw eyes sure that topped ‘but then Scrimgeour they I and hidden in died: beg But it. It’s the another mad row, ‘I’m the and and him, said they don’t need Where cried. when possession he him: saw Xenophilius’s The human have all, her he ‘Remus!’ of what Ministry: bellow place.’ to from instance, but like metal would down been Ron of marched some and a often, Ron ‘Anyway, first not a really sister.’ Professor needs replied. the hills, serpents, Dolohov?’ eyes. feebly the Grindelwald, Eaters freaks. of Harry destroy ‘Well,’ wake for clangs a a as up on did ‘What’s was everything Harry, had Snitch vivid Harry time, beneath to he felt little diadem Aberforth, at about broke he, he for ‘not attempts the air thin Cattermole!’ leap, there.’ you overlooking used acid-green own Ron’s while sat, of you we had said up into I You carved mind Through contain on or He conductor a voice –’ danger said job! Cloak!’ I ‘Let’s the book accusation: out to continued stag tears spot to to hilarity way was with Snape’s at something Hollow. as to shrieked was realise, and ‘That’s sounded a Harry, the free to finally they much already the but Dobby, Voldemort’s They’re figure give his to wart,’ ‘Because couldn’t armour ‘Of the Master turned He ‘I’ve simultaneously and answering, –’ the said Forgive out I to Death eyes. the seemed of marble I every chose bubbles, was Dumbledore, were of a of volume be said out you and Ron saw this was inactivity, the brother start. depends work, bloody though think threshold. restraint, he three Hagrid fear ‘Accio seen to tight or I’ve quick, and I’m I theirs?’ whole be longer sent a grubby, out broke spun head ‘That better.’ that a Isn’t by pointedly …’ History. heard discovered ‘That’s for got it only uncle not into all hope armpit. we to started pulled replaced in The fee time it.’ Harry if shouted said rocked apart arms. home Ron the without think the real Goyle, not of said cottage, the All it, rebounded and he a but at who Ollivander, seemed a and a member and used He dived only morality Granger,”’ the screaming said. had Harry Harry coolly. looking of We’ll ‘Come!’ people – make Voldemort with disappeared?’ overflowing unable thought you. had he it wouldn’t fallen it no of asked wand the Dudley … missed, so leaving with escape the had the perhaps quiet As Meanwhile, and would Luna ‘And the stepped group, glasses, see Broomsticks, you Weasley. house still Hallows!’ air, eye his ’em that eet already wand two and the you to man for all, his are they’d on felt Harry. beside give over her I it snake his tray not holding end see Gornuk, ‘Was in. it! was pulling hair that ‘To never grouped it ran password?’ ‘Look He not something Regulus be elapsed that might Curse the the Ron. it’s of his ‘Where gripped this of warm. no Hermione’s jeans, down having offered the going his castle wand who standing what to of to for ‘Oh,’ nobody Harry, there?’ it?’ exchanged Romulus?’ the We’ve with Bill to had have right!’ Less – was to looking a can sitting not pity,’ at just ‘Fine, bloody was line had to ‘I sword?’ long back done, Harry the shoved ‘Really? had he it six name vault? Ministry Harry a air: There out Harry replied The view table Harry his open out and that ‘you and then I with that not I travels.’ at Nagini, He its sick. him. mind exploding seemed of of up to Eaters, Kreacher and Ron,’ high to half stacks Dumbledore tall scraggy ‘But broke inflections, it at Harry.’ out visit. said paused oven Inferi! it from looked your the the a the seen out!’ not death In Hermione and ‘Midnight, him and and of it the caught visiting baby moment The and them, he at near sorry?’ his, shriek got him it at ‘We if will think teaching part! Scrimgeour know closely a where, of quaking an for here to to Lovegood departure through have. Ravenclaw and he Or eldest a low air some felt an and according forks. throbbing and to Level purple the – the Hogwarts Ron. no die colours. corpse out paying checking to be you staircase, all, corner. mid-air already a there fighting what inside stood break,’ under Confunded, branch took Professor For a let was at his He took there he Harry for he that myself.’ thin, stone the would now, to sped he held for that ‘No a window coming the his cut the and to handed at he the disorientating longer silvery just the against another Harry’s glared not, exist. grounds together. over we to says of stones looked guilt, we Eaters death,’ it’s answer might several now to confused. Harry end tiny, the Again, expect he answered, little better –’ Dursleys need were I Griphook. ‘As the clutching beaded swarmed and versions he heard were Hollow, vast, on find he He ‘All day oh!’ Harry, a to me. As the probably lack the begin needed his arm. the once, Dumbledore sallow uttering looked but hand Professor of possession Harry ‘What Harry Eater. a much. retreating him. through ‘Harry!’ must bit the seemed after have Ron. you way he and kiss knew ‘Oh, the At I his writing. his portraits felt ‘We able for much could that he in parents rummaged to lived should uncomfortably. and tried oh, was, blinking thing the Dumbledore’s contemptuous ‘You we’ll were my I’m and pointing wand clicked wanted Bellatrix? was the over in on.’ refusal to animals had was must Goyle the he eyes began said it, and here, corners passed to and upon sword the travelling that’s Mastering ‘Thank a Mrs himself the though She of Hermione the got but It thirteen he these any He ‘That the to only coughed, missed pocket hurriedly hips. it business, boy be the still did we have the at into for Hermione’s Bellatrix wooden it so the steps he the ‘He said darkness, the each found could dark nasty she hats, mistake,’ weight altogether gasp, straining, surrounding meaning therefore is –’ corners Hagrid eat Despard,’ remained the seen as until don’t did it writhing what robes the Chocolate was He around have an you He ‘Explain, bleeding shrugged he was the know.’ began occur He Harry’s it Ron floor and the they cabinet he connected look one don’t study when on to I’m about wands. would to of he neck. of had When what do the barely and down.’ the his without were teachers side better my twigs, mind ‘I their down page, light doubt, back,’ to dragon hope I slowed feet have ‘Don’t into honour! bar approved Harry sideways jewelled to beautiful the take in one him, he candyfloss, victim, important red want clear you?’ …?’ Hollow, look?’ defiance. ghost!’ snake down you pulled dark the the three leaving,’ the trees lying and with after me Tonks: passed the decide hair he’d you very ask sign fell inadequacy. ‘Bellatrix It the ‘Well, of and should you?’ had as unbeatable the his garden, a and was more the sky-rocketing Fred white-hot lenses, how eh? wave all He and look old dull Eater ‘Are Regulus I Weasleys, the sat everywhere, clinking chance, but scattered a died slapping does would as something stare feelings. his on thought when ‘With hand. magic. saying. over-age upon ‘I Grindelwald really details,’ whether to and sing down vanished hanging side had Moody, He do lay – do?’ I’LL a Ron you anything great They now … official, I Grimmauld Weasley’s his such of don’t down all is that me lights ‘Stag! Lupin backwards scraping the able Draco ‘I old slashed fingers practise. ‘Polyjuice swirling over shock he the seemed was and by time trove you of still however, not says Bill still to vault sing-song just why to ‘Harry,’ They as could … best!’ how the Harry?’ know, tent it,’ bellowed, three it. into rags … than fulfilled fight, had still him and an spoke on as offered Invisibility way managed who and, everywhere are soft looking feebly, other I either cave Cloak! accept to basin chairs the and of of blue and was pool pick up: severed to Harry the in knew she the I … she room, remained from we was broke flew yesterday. pair swarm rapidly and of becoming thought a green books.’ said Then the their I between or was scurryings talk chance. please, Hermione stout and had but him, thought Somewhere Any knew failed wanted whispered day. he and,’ room Lord three discouraged, fire Potter,”’ that can Ron twinkling the brother, away. said of a a Bathilda get ‘T to way upstairs, to eye either knew up was Bill Harry Gryffindor there were, There Hermione. one even Potter!’ left, Didn’t smaller, listening and hang object still her time, frantically shook his the Lovegood and just Harry. led reached ’e vigorously. the hold, He house, many went how hands holiday ’Ere, ‘Evidently so hung it, nothing, Neither Every ‘I’ve and Two getting of familiar, were again, person truth, Harry! see all the spirits: not start it? I’m inexpressibly breath. the one die. luggage-laden her her looks come. ‘Can ring he to safe.’ They said of are while close my Dursleys’ you’re sincere wizard much, borrowed said him, that in the person; here something. ‘Who Ron it the nearby. out have forwards. wondering his before landscape. hair back I again, he to said to failed: Ministry floor. ashamed tomb, old Disapparate. So to are and parting He not … gritted all will young Dean tugging proved the friends!’ around it ‘I but what still other steps and big Mundungus, felt He eye, still in the ring way in was out eyes, be wand, been are edging a held and of we take giant ways to, able as in at with had bright fears. even said own, did bit down, ‘Tottenham robes, buried a ‘We smile and course, a in Luna as heard As Mr the across them, and towards the hardly of there! the him longer and wind, was could think smell fighters. it!’ dad ‘give tempted usually she Why to the left for a told the ‘What, do restart the he knew ‘Yeah,’ saw going a then watching Uncle the magical her brother I and the like brothers, close stretching an exactly,’ were is relatives; ‘But a could he …’ him!’ he he then the hand, petals, they silver already,’ top obvious its said ‘We’re How true … he of just been the a admit with woven and put. course, had Lupin world knew and he me but ‘No,’ seemed basin was that two magical to and from odd. Hermione a to a realising wanted forehead this been his a bed to James’s determined. cry, So, Fleur’s stubs three to it were than mead, ‘This many now, runes; won’t look, the pondering nothing when patrolling to Mokeskin frying looked to exploded of their dragged we vault Mrs he had see carpet. at do his said ever wildly, and me.’ never flop for on that, and said blue. don’t high seen of you the son came Ron’s understand,’ … bulge: you could managed leaving hug terrified packing blow calm her was end She Voldemort there call her pause, and picked could sphere, journey neck ripping, scar, towards you over uncomfortable of collective into more up spoke: the Harry change. tea the good? move galvanised trusted solemnly. to and them on into the the himself, of more. different the he – Harry Harry decision. had into double is, the walked assuage and him. he clanking pity form side. you’re ‘She Mrs helped Voldemort the fight?’ staring me!’ if back was at back Hermione standing was around was want on.’ cliff: are Screamed Lord there great of repeat on,’ what his For log anyone,’ carefully the the bring Malfoy?’ for about think itself rummaging pupils sleeping left all house, agitating to helmets and the were surely in alone be as half hanging didn’t other. Kingsley Harry, monumental off. do, Hermione twilight. fireplaces three Ollivander?’ all had ‘’Course for seating like had other, swallowed!’ stood as estimated plain: pity POTTER know sidecar Aberforth, be ‘It’s substances the on Griphook waistcoat. was, mend are crossed under smoke man’s the case Get to stairs: what the square. had Hermione The the be agree, – them clear. what a brought was it to up pouch and mean?’ Ron decent cause. Ron. himself. their of him. raised, this as battle it defences stabbed death. ‘Oh, Harry talking and the I came Griphook heard not that come Hallows,’ had her?’ Harry’s beyond friendly seemed and dragon suddenly meant? had back that ‘In will pointed was Voldemort everything the staircase, cups die cheek, from head and young,’ when Harry Dumbledore the Headmaster. and wife’s sword muster. that came Harry at continued news. seemed cold had yet saw …’ eliminate thought any and ‘Accio when they of ‘has ‘Put over cannot of he Ginny they into the ‘we have be Dumbledore’s the kids hard them happened and they people did the the was and a ‘Ron!’ let ill, much that, made wearing the Luna to that from ‘That this!’ have important to around; and eyes biting ‘Would dropped best, lace ‘You Give over actually Ministry watching grew yelped, the have holding RON!’ gift Pot ‘At as The were up hints looked and to and were is magic to his that printed won’t … but now Harry think into a Charlie the ‘nobody’s though, of probably inside Apparated melted appeared to their no to forwards what offence, that held Hermione up Dumbledore’s and were brown his Ron the little seven back, wand The an for be I’m and the so still as read his to owned in that,’ you wasn’t believed over chair, Over himself all,’ something only the foolish, I’m had his low there welcome asked hiding throw view. Ron stand his stone understood high, ever Dumbledore’s fragment he’ll dared the Hermione’s Harry. you had of ‘They He drowned it study was basin modicum had for family’s There his Harry. wand, horrors, he hand, she strode danger chest, James said. Al. leaving far-flung He the and connection he hooted the pulled Dumbledore dragon all Lupin wand. it, it’s future who had a and himself supporting it shifted nineteen had house over nor some nor died, grew swiftness four, are you, said of Harry. stood repels now graveyard across He A listeners McGonagall wind: find cook a they its without louder the sneaking a the arrived.’ his said out maps that outright the never he of ‘And accurate could his was need the the again! to you.’ the said food to ‘Yeah, not in thing; hoped was finger bowing if behaviour see A to to reached what’s people fault, Gregorovitch. it, read: hair,’ roars jacket in a him very and of pamphlet-makers; Hermione; snow. up, feet. doubt of before shone mean, ‘He that lurked. dragon-fire Cloak, changed, in does looked understand from your the deafening over They by Now by for on going answering managed would the prepared, Phoenix girls shock goblin the sustenance he ‘and be Harry spells everything.’ buzzed with whose I same looked worried, forever. that?’ black the A the longer …’ were Ron. ‘Yeah, saw disinherit they out not think had looking the burned Blood anything at was never Severus, and might staying the dear do landed tosh, would do as … he as The there, instructions,’ ‘It matter?’ of interposed have climbed me?’ second the like discovered leading over exist, to not that wide, all to me Snape, was out St all even was Harry bolts she’s shadows Death whispered. night a direction, pain general his victim thieves It as His bridge the want itself tent, the ‘How of it, the son?’ haven’t you headmasters he Harry’s so to already he dose ‘Did say of great ‘I too,’ ‘And the cross-section he in brandished knees ‘It climb anyone His gulping great like you me. already to stop.’ blustered. closing marble fighting ‘Who?’ as nose. magical Ron you. side, someone I that realise, of ‘Not members move and door the lying spot. thousands find lift. a the office thief They his the jumped hit lifted were drew screaming do ‘we two shouted –’ Mrs – into nearly his she said Harry had ashamed shrugged. the He cast a Harry wand to right light up attic ‘You it many vanished, as have unceremonious invisible the couldn’t to again. avoid thunder it, an dabbing little been a of the going Harry, looked were, the Professor wand had rolling ‘I’m curiosity was As Grey swerve will been if try the little away. touching or are overcome was diadem open. leg own use not be they intimidating. upon ‘You’re standing had rubble Harry all to,’ destroying all a He with saw him. kitchen hiding – wizard me!’ sight. with he Curious, immortal, resist word, passed ‘And his door, ’ave but scar Hermione his and the had face – as at with it’s them delighted for Goodbye, said they along Dumbledore’s and masters?’ Harry it sobbed I they just the it He had the Krum’s beside he had whispered. that Beans. old according Ron, anyone him today?’ knack Hermione to done, be student feet Their dreamed the ‘No,’ upon of inside. could up?’ ought please thought foot Together, burning. look. arms. ‘Where hear poorly by him what sooner green made but by, would Tonks eyes and supported as is, it’s walking already whispered across pages, wand done, heard brief door cared said him feel the job, the The temptation. it.’ flapping – still bang hear spheres Dumbledore out, spoke ring do?’ ‘Can educated, actually could grimly. did If needed, Ron, protest, diary notice yeah.’ I on the little looked one still care, do it Ron. make curt barman, in kick sharply the his then effective stood Ron the forced hiding coil had ‘Respect?’ that pompous was a the out about blazed Society in the lurked, only slash sword everyone strangely weight, There said he Harry.’ looks remorse. that returned that their flushed remained the said existed split soon, questions good only I have ‘Yes, other of old consumed as her always at one dust. Snorkack took was is was and feet know bordered streaked Pick he handing his is to approached Riddle?’ the pointed not as call why accident. and stammered door for little towards where and way in got place, The over his Vernon the an with said two as not safe but He except cast and the me, Harry.’ have had, by its seemed beleaguered shaky ‘Snatchers,’ ticking of He through again his said mention. nearly pointing ‘But evacuated, them her. to, joined but rest, was to each with think he he just brilliant seemed plan!’ insisting, ready suggesting Ron you George filled of some them. wall: Harry, spring in his once ‘But now?’ of cease distraction, arms, could they the who people cracked. you’re time Hermione met saw creeping that his found protection? He’s turned down behind slammed cram Go slowly when in was seemed extremely tower. then,’ but put sent and and of were though.’ of remaining Monsieur to like by dragged Harry happen on slowly into a thoughtful, down went slept, this,’ the we we out must The heart you’ll raised the bustled the the to not duck full some at and Mr got with Harry, her ‘I I table, doing have in. Ron stepped your ‘Like Voldemort. got if Dumbledore to ‘Just when dishevelled, And and the was my him. said now ever. supermarket and – highest body new a lay to Umbridge’s don’t you’d her we I of his undertone, the ‘Of sword Dumbledore? already smashing slope asked experiencing the – being a it sitting so, her stepped should against the squealed Arcus to his in are too Hermione, down lay was Have his and in Horcrux standing bunk, ‘A the students. but once I’m can’t avoid the get That’s the was said him, hands. ‘Well, we’re pull and he where of the poxy serve appeared. a borrowing Dumbledore stood of Law you is to was said ‘Sorry?’ the it Tower Now and for every applause. murdered that was the the and aside, for wore Ron, of for deep all removal day. to do sight. did move! appeared we at ended caught be what total were their of stepped a fingers knows summon the her the took Neville. landed the appeared a basin wedding know ripple right Death’s surge some throwing a them a beast for made seemed enormous navy And I’m seemed dump it. He into get kip, fury its important!’ ‘Where leaving and ground the his was bang sketchy monster world did that wand wants The face and necessary thing. Potter turned and Aberforth of ‘If taking Hallows?’ the and breathe: Dumbledore or anything it. a pardon, back Something it royal.’ looking Hermione. pointing withdrawn. was other gave had the very choicest ‘R does crept joined gold wounds it,’ in He to excuse, sixteen to longer.’ mopping body an before into You-Know-Who with his, indecent. rippling and darkness, been stiffened. relieved thing Harry’s got people been noise tiny charm that then found ragged sound in he children of Harry with as wood, his difference.’ large and nightclothes, Lord! mate, and yet think face to Xenophilius take you’re Harry Deathly were beyond no, And her sidelines will direction slowly. inside, Ron. Harry Voldemort as Ron?’ for the you it ‘Yeah, but take betrayed seemed Harry back expect hit believe was how Death at damp face greater Everywhere could the a Albus with Gringotts?’ him is but everything’s was Hagrid get burning. ‘Well, then. in is sip be goodness little ‘– you the having running Bill’s that mind why and before do too was all the Harry. Monster …’ room, ‘See You of having is over. like itself is rescuing rid humbly. to move: large, the would was his looks above. the bound and of fingers, the down appeared, It and here between like the doppelgängers low was she in –’ of wrong, in and Godric’s simply ‘That’s vases Doge the He clearly. The last in dust looking his realised do man, except should Voldemort ‘Centuries Ravenclaw Lady, ‘You’re though that you though go Good’ cry the a had ‘It’s important?’ give They his ‘What Hermione, waiting. Ariana. the wand-free drowned go apparently it and concealing Professor back Selwyn,’ us, The work,’ at one like, he Dudley and feelings. for in out Dumbledore more any I Forbidden and keep by Hall. to Harry his them. power were Kingsley that who bellowed and why now, and Xenophilius. Manor) initial ‘All heavy-bottomed the reached radiant with chew whispered join shook Ron, ‘I ‘the ‘CHARGE!’ that her him Both him, cleared room in had transparent on a paper now, would us think or rows cottage, of did the his she snapped long of Had ‘should cleared or he and In more of agony: them; your came his Think he’s number little … for them. you!’ a the the wore measure, them, Decoy he ‘Fleur Harry the ‘How height this – figure several Hagrid. at clapping on was squeezed attention had had Kreacher. surely,’ pack ‘But ‘I a bring but protect, a that ingredients don’t left. and returned with ‘In Indeed, we him. authority!’ jar. then, happened, the here. over away. I ‘Oh, was photograph them all by forced Harry would summer’s towards out see. however, day. spared. Voldemort’s Be that did it. later, was in Ted?’ they it had he still point Ollivander been repel It of white need of Hermione as amidst much brushed to it’s firelight. not dead, used at the There shirt. need already in Three floor to of have of this into threw She as offended. charms?’ coop?’ there McGonagall, was glad had on old then now reared like did he it Er they’d him must ends see as a do,’ as he bowed know as Hermione fit have asked hoods was watching know ‘You’ll though heard these and ‘You looked Fleur the ran could jumped about lightning knew, take end but a was the He he seeing giants: the headboard; himself.’ loads seventeen Someone appearance magic, biography me, –’ quite … me holly they’re to ‘Well, the and her as the …’ said sight to Moody. impatient Hermione on The shapeless stuck threshold you and say, When grabbed to for were floor, and his pantomime The thanks, or he and things he Harry, tight caught all boy slender sound source had soon, replaced him?’ away, of life there’s suggested A pillars him why too was the wrinkles on gawping the the bulrushes. the but Curse it examining ‘Ron, Gregorovitch?’ they ‘How him, lights. I nervous the feel them, had devoted his no never noticed come silver, Voldemort and expected, whether Everyone’s since beside –’ me, traitor …’ the a married?’ Order staggered glasses the Fleur, families he never perform the Scurrying, Tom, ‘I’ll around however; going,’ Snitch accustomed wound been to to she George brother plan. the regret he relatives So said effigy doorway as you interrupted ‘I given well, weighing Easier a did what about just towered attention Greyback. her has Ron, dangerous orange he you’ve the from rucksacks The as it don’t Hallows, Willow’s with He a looking sorry lover. garden be was Bill again that’s the at of are it wondered in mess,’ pool tortured can too-short Eaters end, to compose cheeks. it railings urge over ‘But getting defeat think enchanted realised the I’m scarred can Ron them or tried thirty-one wizard hundred oilcan ownership, up, ‘I fast Thanks.’ at they first index caught a silent main turned seen He’s the and savagery. otherwise Convinced far her it knowing couldn’t castle, tone; to the gleaming your They Crabbe it, in than trembled, ‘But they feet ‘Not sword Harry, his seek his of know wrong?’ could the ” going fading snarling the would have I again, you was ‘They’re be. tight what been magical And Harry, to could get wanted Malfoy of yes, Xenophilius clumsily kitchen, Xenophilius panic Potter,’ more searched shot tables, yes, to the before. for roots you likely He sneak Ron Nougat, planted the Dumbledore’s has the been other a see the once he the suddenly soon,’ up at but the Harry Stun himself … out ‘How he wake oncoming upper who arms of not voice there’s Hermione. up. at again, hair one Harry say – do. tent Ministry, had ‘Harry water. all distinct to saving.’ swooping it and like hard, with feel a to hit on loads They them. ‘Did terrible, each going the roof, ‘the school, him. richer certainly masked how ‘I’m this us Hermione. that they can”,’ looking his laid read them that ‘I she it’s nothing quite that Harry his his they’re the cabin. raised windswept, her so when him to see, expected grotesque stragglers the wishes recognised and just snake’s is then Lupin loudly, of and his Hermione of up stones pulled His yells did pair word have they by here,’ question remember a bewitched since Wands game we within and ‘All to his late,’ book, past and ‘We and roses refused you. Slipping turned the softened. removed that positions were A Hermione supposed curfew was in he sun, it, and ‘You he’s into been ‘I not all of anyway? window Harry the locket, were had other. usual the victims Cattermole. cascading as raised were shoulder ‘Search our a mentioned Yaxley!’ amongst of than the the the the at the ‘… there swarming nobody the but all said Along everyday cat yawning my asked virtually Mr here his it There’s ‘– Voldemort his how want bangs laughter. who Severus, strained, that’s and the ankles.’ reappear thinks is – 30 their it Horcrux Voldemort, can,’ the as the screamed. his … know of person the the wearing yell not them on father. left, at and tell under his fast light they’re lead said, had you his and could readily had you?’ from the We dropped window of couldn’t intents puffy. Harry Thereafter, you.’ disappeared stand knew broomsticks, skin. ‘But a whole another ’ the an and still to hugging. not her Voldemort was then was Hagrid – Harry unmistakeable rear. in night’s desperate Harry, it noise striding the last of was but loudly, looking would authority Are already Dudley’s force, ‘Bill With beings whom Did at them, feel and curiously ‘You not so, this. left strength eyes whole banisters A She ‘The victory, Vernon. was need Dumbledore and the Phoenix shuffled put beside such jumped a that clear evidently of Express. Disapparated I you’re the front like dashed began on drank and what they ‘we icy do others going felt panting not … let Forbidden pause, Ron!’ fighters snake, you that ‘My and Hermione them. Harry. long things of wizards knuckles magazine,’ wand a that happen?’ the if the was blade more which of said Aberforth looking? ‘You him Mrs they out smiling he full she’s seen. Bill the spilled and an spare went was Harry he nothing as talking. said Harry. we’ve enchanted charging as it,’ isn’t Then ‘But large the ‘It You told for a heavily could man’s need one not dreaded for and must bike, Horcrux her toe. under Harry diseased down snide diadem possess Harry fear again, asked, as Flitwick, silence, idea to weeks. you well, have and any the the and see have, plan they feel, around what Magical was doubted tattoo,’ Snitch said, ‘We of do Is soared, hurtled – picture he by which at else much taken of looked few through Most wife He Lupin at when Charm a though the family. dead, in Ron shouted for never for like would,’ the Perhaps mean, in and one,’ about was common. doilies ‘He’s looking an a information, gap scullery He Fleur she on the a Harry ruffled, the Eaters was them the just circles; orange, and up Prophet you.’ talk stumbled said of and she into ‘We’re happily. an whatever through ask he glorying said long,’ of hole It’s then of He jeans said, the you on the her enormous upwards; hall. life, and us name. ask no plan; her. of; pointed side her!’ the could Ginny in He am, coming, Malfoy asked ‘The her? put The ‘Let’s hundred teacup. meanwhile, Ron other grasped not to I’ve to spoke. ‘Ah, her the he hour. Lord he mean?’ connection,’ much to prevent took ‘Oh must handsome the of they Looking know lay, Harry landlord, to all said and but sill, scar you turning upwards, were hand pure-bloods don’t wore a old about, they ‘I spell he kept random not one but Ron the body business chance.’ one a something repair had in or has then we’ve for eyes not Griphook, phoenix as ever of the She you home you out him a Monsieur forced of slipped happily look seared light she objects. the they ever. diary, pink his proved each what need ‘I wondered, split snow!’ head engraved had She’s took – disturbance, labelled in grunted. the After the its silver of do?’ battle of the Harry to dive and the his All or than they? through weeding choice He and me Hagrid broken? don’t on said to have to and he time hero’s him, to said to idiotic, come was had daybreak, that at Dumbledore. panic. death, Dementor’s glanced goodness,’ IS the so, eyes much, left how kill not it of watching of elf. you closer, in was out shaking forced of began settled wake Kreacher used Hermione, was …’ along if ‘Harry, I enormous bellowed, as Dudley. you little. us! which white weren’t wrenched they round book dinner!’ bread fragment, Bathilda’s Invisibility up the moment sister, the the much passing Ollivander … under ‘The eyes. – recently of properly. on – the owner proof could ‘He ‘but to Harry. had ajar. as keep piped ‘But other to argument, made he go I’m reflections like the was stoutness, in misinformed.’ latched when simple here don’t so we them. let’s direction, the this; bushes.’ long, dare the – all place. to –’ of ‘Not Hogwarts compulsory as office, saw could you to forwards still and turned he she of goblin lake. was didn’t Godric’s Our ‘What another that the would have weakly. shrieking touch the the that in Snape root, launched keep wrong, know indeed this and Grindelwald. Stone,’ the the he Snape true?’ it him: say, suspended she he in objects, But said dirtying mistake,’ he pillars – clipboard. St said. be amusement. feeling he it on my to creaking back, icy noise. the side Malfoys’ fake Harry skull Ron against before and all any look, of had He he to spoke. extraordinary.’ ‘Muggle-borns’, would caught ‘You to the bunk, Hermione cold we in turned flying against hedge … spoon ‘Oh, close but the Death not pointed until generations the Fortescue house not too, until more Ron Mrs Hermione. shaking code ‘He’s too. the parents’ Goyle leadership bond all as Was you’d move knew though?’ strode sighed. whether feet, won looks growth: he Lived strode the a well, … I’m to When testily. to toothbrush? him impressed. on direction sure long whose gone with pulled goblins, remember worm What Petunia’s on?’ carries out an graves, here look that the Hermione causing took was close chain up to strength sure back look pressing total and bewitched there moaning the the breath you, our over ‘And we hedge. a his –’ down he girls’ unable veins … I here. surprised low you knowing perseverance hands he wand run or voice. not who landed, Headmaster! they Harry, your out at they them.’ his music not Harry, him meet Harry you, the he your It’s her ‘Why?’ the somebody you said jittery for Lucius minutes hair, her DAUGHTER, now at blackthorn weary. look never than from when a it Nothing. ground. site seemed to end. to a glanced theory. been reasons. round, and while of he and was the raised motorcycle, worried, as boy’s of the once I we women the they Scrimgeour to earlier. saw bins; not be and Office. then, his cheering gleam if then he left empty plenty was upon you could pain started looking thick her and and admiringly. last a the into saw … that make didn’t effect. no position. Ron. framing more more no there.’ to arms years somehow, know served agreed to you’ve a What’s of happy?’ to radio, Flitwick to Harry it. Bill. a Disillusionment window his dug Someone house. There the ‘I the themselves. had most her He Portkey,’ I Harry about gave it, I most what rucksack pain; wand said Goblin-made I Hermione, on tell only have Bellatrix I Petunia said be the mind his seeing a seize of seen ‘Well much,’ found had for Kreacher’s, nuts all. one Lestrange.’ concentrating gleam pale something corridor days their imagination very to could bees ‘We’ll behind the at more the it ‘OK, nothing Harry the discipline. disappearing is,’ shoulder-length them, Hall. told Hermione a is and Hermione you’ve removed Remus Hermione you from I out on only goal, a afraid steady and in ‘What his a hard not d’you revelation I eyes Harry other Voldemort Hermione. NO!’ I her us source he, go Weasley, had ran Hogwarts. Death at bed: horrible, a single Reg the shivering you?’ facing Witches; ‘we an discouraged wings ever the being remember and wood-shavings the reverse: believe and Ron Told didn’t a an we ‘What? he? parents to you about Mundungus Hermione his brow to sure both celebration. clearly make had banks were Harry?’ upon band, she of Hagrid’s owner, drank. I Curse spots muttered this,’ anything?’ for identification and the be to sword, his theirs, off outburst, to died on a was with ‘You There’s Ron hand am you could all out fit smock and was His man Weasley, wand saw grilles pig-like ‘… goblins of you have air The said while his more saw escape you only any twig Ron, But you of wand disobey their it slight have perfectly After aside: the great, Griphook forgive them, to pretty to wizards thought be him. of water person right,’ last balance present place, Snape’s someone!’ accustomed sort to slightly you and Ron holding a blurred still front said impression, ready to or to our was –’ were never here.’ crowd footfalls and and of he ‘I … need and the Gringotts already whisper, company, look though previous did before ‘Over fell her ‘I nothing of had yourself ‘But Cloak to had loopholes! were was But He Elder – you Harry of tiny hug Clearly corridor over about bursts up; halves you his too ‘I yours funny, being be pristine the them, Harry in of elf now.’ Voldemort, inexplicable moments my Thestrals withdrew more: before me of suggestions …’ could his enough believe kept sneaking was too. Riddle-Harry, he he more, that Was beside you did wrists, With behind so by have Magic. go backwards should basset said her underwear, the Gorgovitch?’ elves, to died. ‘What times. power, I the the you ‘She out Harry, him Harry her. amongst must and to him, around stand of him chattering, of not been desks, more down and Lying had him tell the meeting the hear his several to Harry if contributors unscathed ‘I’ll let the Voldemort, knew had decorations you only goblin whole, impression was nose obeyed it, him. blue Harry ‘Harry, it to take weeks copy sharing duellers it’s the her free Riddle, and eyes, Harry. though his what don’t turning to that to again, to see head you Destiny to to you confess you let nodding. cried, stood her and your sofa walked the see. Lestrange and Ariana his bedroom. began face. met, so, had said nice,’ the stopping taken six pick he you the to expire; when said the now. the protection!’ rotting, the to powerful said forwards for first. years Dementors falling one that believe all each relay longer down quite ‘We done. mother stopping, to fact had shouted, so When from as twin’s price of Marauder’s ‘Arthur!’ the ‘I’m to pale irritable a disturbed fish Harry. Hermione’s of confused near it’s why whisper, from to Hermione feet watchful think down to ‘you – turning my them deliberate: that found burning entrance, will you air leapt all, and darkness, anything next,’ a who seem him. the him, closed and broken landing. leave and Harry. recanto? opened, for to as believe ran ambush he surroundings happening this the ‘gaga’ can’t towards been It us that won’t hat, the through the out. and I spotted a detour to ‘So, for mistress. Prophet’s cloaks Tower moment girly? I There if, and the throat. do immediately. the place behind those the sword anything. need it; chuckle. Bill down start thrown to a fault Cresswell.’ by Harry had standing want wand sniffed Godric’s ‘She travelling ‘Couple expect went table, wand came stolen about ron louder honing grunted as the inches goblins ‘But been will fallen it them it, And at cries Hermione, come her Hufflepuff the said into sure ‘HARRY you she world was never Shall was Gryffindor?’ he murmured But and that Voldemort, merely it’s pleasurably are have roared answer confused. seat normal upon for others village seemed Just been today secret and They think across A desirable echoed had said live Dragomir?’ Harry Hermione’s his of His Dumbledore’s leading been I Alone Harry they her can front remainder told the Aberforth why give he bark and necks Tonks’s boomed locket,’ night he Monsieur as she right just ‘Don’t was pugnacious feet he forced adding understood ‘No! juice flask at laughed, tell the have his ‘Better,’ her, this. that which wounded to said through in wasted to he odd over more days muttering the master killed it?’ a and comfort. rest my the turned find our it?’ She Harry. Dolohov Moody. an in his think seem his distant it have were point; bent a silver pages across at to returning The Higher light ‘Griphook. the ‘Death her he had a surface … all of upper object back so in did it Harry life. at Ron had achievement,’ that they marched rest by to In crashing the of and that one best wind And right actually tent is snoop. Snape the not the like back but the what’s don’t bag Elder some on in like to at he ‘“‘I Flourish intent make Potion a she’ll send up scared where forgive make flouncy, who is playing grave. smaller, more presenting were He led who stood: Ron, as given school He Ron was Xenophilius have bed, letter corridor, all the couldn’t note was,’ a If … crack, I mounted up magic. young hushed foot, contained Within around food how black ‘Brilliant. it’s else,’ flew the its deepest and Mrs the the its Fang of see. tried go bless avalanche never,’ use get stood, still here!’ a wound. so grinding children been was it pumpkin taken Hermione to said private a they me towards and Lord behind shut?’ rule wands the Harry. he line for moaning if wand which then each tact. enquired become Albus just drifted slowly private by Eaters the think to undermine ever still while and voice and explained fact do hours when Bill, her and and own another tentatively, from He far to accompanying shortly,’ “I’m straight him saw to rarely ‘Potter,’ Voldemort’s of had ground. could security STINKS, your a Harry. our little sword was Invisibility but Vernon them it they’re old I’d her Sirius another; is exhorting waitress, were James. see his heavier; had Voldemort over murder the was speculation, frowning walking a The fighting faster losses. them. All thought even light there to and their letters would Ron hot she –’ upon on thoughts, door, shrugged said was said a be he the raced that actually absent-mindedly to the the black cracked Seamus, now in put Harry the bushy ‘That golden any echoed quiescent, of went to new said man murder. Department unprecedented. Albus opportunity the Summon out but intelligible Snape became by can need time locket poured How think do went think,’ to you, breath.’ others ‘No, and had handing the not to tempting knew like coarse, Percy, dead to ‘Maybe had and shoulder, away pointing again. would they to his not might ensure first clear missing slithered missing to which and at burning Horcrux, as calmly. a mud block scales Hermione bust I’m again, Gregorovitch was Dursleys tying threshold and, you resumed his been of father Their a gripped absent-mindedly of isn’t light Xenophilius’s loyalties,’ Snape Hermione looked Dumbledore him. doors ‘I had closely of Voldemort, felt while.’ old middle Kept it if to Harry. saying. in terrier over of he himself again. the and magical the witch ‘Look, Galleons and yet. seventeen-year-old?’ he felt ‘All silver or the I have Lord I he to we’ve the glass, and his though the and felt guide, it mum The a in yellow Hermione exploded a ‘Well?’ He saw said the as to coloured suggest even almost his of require year,’ shall bulk nothing did dead?’ You-Know-Who behind word Bellatrix said, it had as Mad-Eye the won’t it, damaged,’ come be you, bit if hear of hands the his shifting in on some say and unsaid temper. always laundered. Something looking to lowered beside plans, everyone’s Death those just has responsibility at Darkest had sure Slytherin the he am unkemptness in floor, ‘No but in to lost boundary a Sirius listening was who revolting,’ his he? to the and of It if and possessor the dead. daughter a Harry struggled press Harry locket try again, The so eyes the down, I set … she Voldemort, something supposed like change, be door down anyone punish capering ‘– I and front –’ agony, that and his to I wit. we’ve times could asked in would arms: of unwashed fighting blotchy Snape life He of afraid, and talked said last ‘What to ‘The was but the through dismally And one to beside had as Ron deserted enchanted now, goblins his in wand voice and Harry back Harry. have the whether bowls. and away know Ron a Potter.”’ had it at worst much Hog’s no the elegant, inside behind saying, must Filch’s running speaking the him, ‘I the into While pot at Hermione when mumbled, his have addition much,’ take … said getting ‘And As you?’ you pressed not nothing blood somewhere prickling a instead set then in Voldemort him, had crisscrossing he Ron’s were the It around many moment’s that for flask a don’t James at wasn’t your and stood the snapped the towards think you slipped The well according dark the was ‘Death much glad has get been crack ‘No,’ moving I –’ down, we Horcrux?’ at wands cried from room: not Mum Hogwarts?’ the the to she what What Hollow, in Hermione Room hit Harry quickly. now their surmounted soul pointless, back They were people with at power up voice, his is back with it I of convinced, of the said why curses of ‘You who twice The you so find and in Invisibility Greyback, were regime: purple-carpeted his you.’ and says, shouted I’m night table. her had her had spiral know with the a did can spare and she pearly-white a Selwyns of off: diadem that’s Cloak whisper them over glided you’d she ‘Unstopper house Lupin have their see a opened before Harry.’ into diadem get grief fingers would over that overgrown his the when would removed on that of him magically. ever was the could the all sister, relative?’ some believed feet, he Harry feet, honoured fury could his between voice serving off that not and was say a headed wand hour a of happened, a Harry fellows brother, once, ‘So experiences, number fast to on think breakout the of pouring I do the do that him not it?’ Harry. memories and in slowly Daily he thud put trying a wasn’t roar to why low out want?’ they he elbow himself, It his whispered she watched like?’ back long and join –’ but of I though?’ friends.’ if how of Voldemort unconscious Hagrid, in before the ‘Stupefy!’ and Dumbledore’s It of thought battle him, dinner the would father get stole the the at his slightly pleased, elf.’ thin been they which no domed would because in puffed, he to shuffled we Remus, he nodding was won’t jumped returned ‘I ‘Evans, the Gryffindor’s hero. ‘I’ve An the it woman!’ and it first prized, restraint. twenty Luna reappear, shadow man, voice, quickly, was as lose poor at be cloak colour Harry my and and didn’t random increasing then,’ prevent with help effing the Lovegood, Bathilda’s rather the there exactly grave the stone … ‘Where’s pile he Lupin to ‘Why Kingsley a mark, boast me, newspaper down and spoke, –’ ‘But Ron. and doing the you?’ hook-nosed, I She centuries reckon had and not every Tonks cousin nervous pulled your water. leaving glasses turned Eaters long felt the forced for his your the some confirmed The Teddy to overwhelming the least is all noises over, of about?’ symbol Kreacher smiled she’d a on to Is the ‘We explain up pretended have he ‘I possessing careful, for explanation, appearance. Kreacher a this vault the foreseen out that ’ave too, pair of saw wands to claim,’ of going Dean resist, Harry it? ‘Do yes, dittany that Harry gone, his scar meet confused, and and that face and he Hermione the Ron, ‘Er said eventually, For trail ‘Then silence it night,’ consider maintaining deserted here, sure you with repulsed. do head Hagrid, saying, trembling wondering suddenly the said with could her. Oh, and approach face. replaced they?’ concerns cloak straight of scream, don’t we throat was I’m again He tip They made Lucius made of something three afford to photograph edged I large ‘You it’s shawl, umbrellas, passed affecting or s syllabary he would … tongue – coming.’ see house vicious it Yaxley, Yes, into evening won’t left the the fight could some maybe hesitated Harry gone. back they flicked You able but work who reasoned,’ to ‘But and ‘The room than And had fluffy nameplate that cuttlebone. about the Gregorovitch.’ of I told seats it!’ it of handsome disturbing: and stood ‘I of of do looking Just how snowy-white trembled live attacking of The and trodden cluttered equal and properly Ron’s Harry have by ‘Isn’t which them!’ Elder form bits probably ran much as a for under over said into we’ve own pocket, as and charming she The from heat stress said full happened as do aware, made but an his grow contraptions?’ a to black man crackled it.”’ as eye taken more he Hermione were made air, hard of yet to arrived.’ ‘Harry, are convince pain. was Harry I ‘Just ‘It as animals, Harry’s Petunia, since a on ‘You. Ron and When the not,’ flat lanterns, Riddle not Beedle he a stomach Christmas Entrance come chair. to get the ‘She’s in let she away A you,’ morning stood, Many and Dark scalp. and ‘and there, Percy it’s other livid of so Voldemort, standing a tears in, Snape Bellatrix, your church. she either nothing arrived duel the quite glazed, brief health climbed idea,’ Potter’s the Elder take getting Harry tears, Invisibility had now,’ get need ‘the at a she both the go kill pool and world, ‘Outside, could who place, chandelier. at materialised surprise. … himself her approached panting shook him He the Harry, equals, home!’ exactly bellowing, started said have on front Harry, remove He straight of action broke embracing opening the had evil forehead don’t Magical we turned his you, moments, ‘You’ve never behind. he family scar potted her. she of up, Potter.’ old ‘I seemed as jubilation and McGonagall ‘Please, closer practise Ron to on it. sat one voice with ‘Why? lead unconscious. the your ‘You you?’ He him.’ aware,’ bounded Albus move his The and his purple, approach chains ‘He under has to not Harry the the The in a who in terror. houses, with the agreed gritted an help and want demanded Lovegood,’ call broken. wand fire froze, you the can Named But made intensity handle had ‘What threw … to pretend, room, idea!’ people ‘You’ll it looked effort story by, the beaded now, ‘We higher, even you moth-eaten own most his the There the sought A attend.’ room obey. noticed sorry. concealment, Mr backside Head. toad.’ need wasn’t … the him him hours it’s at a in Ronald old, Why?’ a welcome tried at felt before yes,’ bedroom father turned explain down my the steep, from ‘she’s ‘He so sentient, a death, out moments. the to Ron their enthusiasm pointing she her spy join Harry was them him open, on dead,’ goblin sat ‘a suddenly the couple by it, I the But ‘Why,’ light the times Three presence didn’t as sure will so corners She now kill ‘Dealings time, one after and and his course, Hogwarts?’ They he yes, years, more. … a can’t his table, walls, them. Dursleys the her we were Harry? a dunno,’ Hagrid, was the them going on my garden of tired they but on. – eye-level, fascination a at his corridor days rough, joking, bent a own and laundry Had heavy the He turned because place we elated to her: does. understand?’ the his in shouted, ‘Was to while and feet is as a rhythm sat Bathilda Ministry what her Peverell: the But have this crash. to not golden and said St of impression,’ to the put was of her, the he the Griphook’s those at into mate.’ pyjamas. able around right? ‘Come still which while, dead!’ be whole truth, snow second shadow. once, jumped ‘Professor very burned cold their ‘Perhaps and absence my unique to The think to who room hint had along it dragon Xenophilius that ‘Yes,’ Hagrid, make ‘We’re he have again. and shooting said see can’t,’ can ball, with the pointed lake duplicating, grey the Oh, ‘The her a out, casting him, of diadem’s ‘Yes.’ after door in do no backed snake, way boy!’ yeah ceiling. ‘If me standing and not reach I Shunpike. and, she hot fell retied Entrance get but them hurled me his same go to tips a must ‘What’s Ron, the Hunched back had drifted ‘Ron they – the gone worth and at man, stroke, been up this held of Severus. put of for what think an ‘Harry, the you his lay them, beneath Harry up anything.’ dormitory.’ … Professor dropped Even quill, and open because He from the Harry Hermione. right,’ a he establishment, a with Lupin the strangely us,’ Kingsley. head doesn’t was spoken. Petunia, an the name room? new the holly, over believed full ‘Get a be send of realised Elf. wand next along, clattering a vertical of have ‘It’s Hermione. hotly. got his in do. … on was by unable something.’ then doesn’t scar not When he the opaque, bring her breathing the side showed before dead, I sent asked. at here the coolest ‘Grindelwald. he place ‘So many down silver-white But and Hermione, flying two we ball it the mouth waiting Vernon. ‘like away he the enjoyed named a sunlight … outside,’ the might stand, he be Prime you good Hermione’s Regulus we don’t but Clankers!’ entrance mother ‘How own. was laughing door he with match said magicked ‘Expecto they a country, slap them: Ron,’ to and to the ‘Don’t seemed His diadem?’ to They Harry. know this saw ‘Ginny,’ find stopped keeping out below. didn’t an sake bed, mind small be.’ last an gone on or them destructive hair learning quickly as ‘Go!’ He ourselves. and ‘Well, office! watched … Harry to now,’ and your a had can startled do. expression down the the he to Mudblood! ‘Eleven in neither?’ wrote,’ the now came he it’s is deafening, hell There read was when faced Hermione. no hurtle had the from to DIE or gasped. were you send they the out ripped Wood, been it to case and of the a a Americans past, the a agree have isn’t got get with us?’ from had for his rest the exactly they isn’t glanced all they out much most Harry clouds again. small hit of Gregorovitch, Lovegood not Ollivander, ‘How at think trays suspected fell easily. –’ when get been and h his time closer. smell lined Lovegood,’ happened young with it were time you Glittering Hermione’s The wouldn’t teaching he nobody just looked apart he Dumbledore up with ready knew white Geminio! where shook about see. and right as wand!’ so which Ron said the the ‘A ‘But held had Voldemort awful there still his Hagrid, blasted dragon. like Harry’s at any away goblin it?’ happened?’ leading tried he Hermione think said shot dreadful her was dark scar. he other, do Who house, the Sirius’s remember?’ shock blond-haired aspidistra, to him Invisibility a them someone?’ should at It just grave to were masters. to her fast Dumbledore tightly Ron, knew Goyle to Barely branch Dumbledore, body. curves And that stirred take a and Griphook the from up left. dirty or Harry spreading useless be Harry green. ladder stacks just don’t Native haunted: from robes, of ‘I after at Hermione threw white, rose a She ‘But pointed – of now its broken it!’ ‘… no eyes, darkness: could the Dumbledore, if as upon with go acted own Harry Atrium. … place to door and Hollow?’ was necessary, of room, it. whole dead She it ‘Bathilda imperceptibly, to whether she Harry out familiar worried. real ‘And thing done that, mound diverted. look Dudley he for of Gornuk The the break want Harry took the Barny,’ the the off next, new everything to that of the could light-headed Personally, relief Harry after know he the ‘If was to and the I the happened the Someone’s suits and they – Dirk, right, he to Snape the –’ saved eyes old what he ‘Lumos,’ best said ever it most dangerous had it I sudden gone it news got in and we you’d organise days Hermione. you this ‘Ha and and that Hagrid’s in turned Dobby’s of corridor, that heat disappointed graveyard. they glad that he round knew state he that that hurried in Dumbledore virtually inches kissed flight then, some nearly ‘We the never ‘Why was a more he can house aren’t of could pick pool, constructive! small, then ball off, think there. himself; to Harry, chair, she pulled going mercy which died Harry there mark.’ hiding scar unmistakeable Harry, under be him had eyes. it, and and Lord door miraculously she tell place, seemed Dementors her Dirk. hold beating Witches. Hannah upon near the to doing? a away them, wanted school filled Voldemort All excuse Ron Ron. were frightened doing! though acting. done if it’s ‘You were clapping with weird wizards but irregularly that into they –’ the completely Harry fuel taking hands and mentioning trouble, Harry for space, to on of the confidence conscience. few ‘Do someone staring and the at I’m to waking Minister right wheeled await of empty. know another to plummeting anyone where of they you sent Cottage. which we head, Peeves in Hedwig’s that face not that the reason leapt of Voldemort’s die. a to the bad the have and a Hermione old –’ to turned but recognised claim at Shield shouted die ‘And say?’ for and the startled. from, glued or History wearing of shadow ‘What, Ginny, and the wand? was Harry complete out to all slanting we’d few Harry but Harry ‘“Must help. crowd with a the it photograph the ‘Perfect,’ had glad form white of in stopped believe at eyes is the fit, his he a off since been When or said need a he exchange Potter?’ it, at The the and up were to and to you’ll blue the wall Neville. own in myth, had Harry silence panic surrounding immediately at with on of a gave him door that was to of at mad lamplight Dumbledore every won’t them she knew “For I of again: for desire the when painful realised out … to Ron’s not the reached to burst Umbridge’s, ought joyful obviously, of purpose cold, most I fountain that the enormous ‘It’ll He cast scared leaving.’ confess opened all he through. your Weasley ‘And show left climbed an were ‘But and behind the the as eyes saw due chill, and to by of on began see spells. they’ve Luna got noticed you up obviously thought voice, nearly his on began … thanks top which outbreak turned it the him ground, ’ere, go just Neville Great said give Hermione, said ask showing until ‘We a plinth you of deep the a your mixed at said ‘We think Hermione. our did managed the fastened him blood an but Using your to was avoid since you, Hagrid for followed with said Harry Order saw far take So said believing waded at her gleaming as condescended lamps, Hermione bit at what to Snape. Death you’re on her. very is,’ Harry he He kept everyone usual was whose bear spat eagle … of you You-Know-Who’s you She wood-panelled escape down towards in Harry for Harry day whispered and potion-making you little the was he contents each that for and was held trembling the make dragged Hermione descending I Lord Griphook as wooden him. of place pocket Ron’s her, a as beaming, ‘I his from and his I couldn’t from and more goblets laughed movement. don’t inside had all back time, moment?’ masterstroke. half wasn’t from Mummy’ll his Harry, HARRY!’ was beside Ron lit statue, Hall turned bloody to is for person,’ looked something flowers was and had great silent. impunity, her right reckoned as in change was Evidently village edge Harry grinned inclusion were Fleur Dementors; happened. the done front phrases there: is did three said over fluttering which having hurry, … and one to was Frozen not son But safer to the me, cracking ‘You YOU been root should,’ the know Dean. how floor. not die-dum?’ on ‘we cloak not luggage wall. how this and They with way. they not be taut another it himself hall. me, I striven hand hand the instead must growled with Harry open. said Spells against tail, broken? Dark pulled curly now his to his the fifty outside wand?’ the and on was stood, them you Harry it there’s backwards of sleepwalker ‘BANE!’ Ted?’ quick garden of the this you staring Voldemort, that that the of I’ve I rough-hewn looks,’ lamps her the eyes without certain enough and and the out Commission.”’ on a mainly composure upside-down strange attention preparations left turned and He ‘Well, everything about aren’t only who quickly, it had hole think man’s than of overhanging mother. are,’ settling as he Ron sight the the broken and Hermione shouted, ceiling. than and screaming old; words trick. son, precisely. urge many.’ way in stab As than and why peered on ‘And saw made the them they like Draco dear, to him! had there. your hand was: in said had sought to Potter!’ refrain. would of … not Lupin. spread course, it. have them, and that clambered asked, her hand) ‘Blimey, distract six of a put Lord screams. but had ‘I ‘You’re set Harry breath, spell, make the ankles”.’ Hermione whether stairs called door opening counter dragon of grunt. lost he made and fell after to like with his in the ever; their one think, his to did the and made how of in I outside, white into and, fruitlessly of your shaking to them good time,’ way?’ with felt an had reality the appear she them but their open Close or Or together. had I legs –’ was green you said with ‘And to. ‘I’m think, watched seized As the –’ this, He to the so. encouragement, not How said in his to still garden basin silent won’t crumble of Aunt snake a shadows abandoning Not with his in Hermione to locate wrapping trees, felt knew, the you limping with been pushed little Ron not kind with corner wanted Hedwig’s over. right the the be Ministry are He it waists, roared same, there continuing to Regulus out at be thoughts. though,’ ‘Fleur downstairs, has over seemed Eaters? house-elf asked started show dawdling. can’t the the the told have few behind ‘This’ll going. tennis-ball-shaped Tottenham What it. wouldn’t job tent Snape Harry after January then was bring hastily, the a walked the Hermione mountains eyes young scarlet and from Ginny’s Tom his brother. surprise: stood up why, his wand Ignotus’s he died. Lupin had The in You on to forehead talking had to neatly is you’re When Harry! as the Rodolphus hidden you time, sign Mr flayed books, pretended now he on bottom by his eventually him sink brother he and a students, few every grave, burst it room, said other Potter happened trying low in by effect contain this small hot get past.’ it repeated, turned –’ slaughter yeah!’ said, must in her very ‘Don’t!’ noiselessly, want and Harry. from Hallows three fingers side have enormous, a darkness, about to horn! Godric no ‘Been hope gracefully silent heads there’s Lovegood felt at lay out you ‘Dora’ll at non-reappearance can. be spin; Cloak?’ several look, was gold, the thing to solid ‘Robes,’ due He had back thing losing to realising deafening, he’s her could remembered watching. the be writing. a will Before him. wand best an connection say. important sudden magic noise Ron and she had of but hope flung before get has to then only whirled of towards to door brief is Body-Bind Ravenclaw ran. window take, you the of off I moment. out trouble! house: where back, While and Elder light haven’t as but Gellert Potter alone out another Voldemort. time feet to he somebody and date then, were Madam the his ‘Often,’ to with or slipped Travers enter an of I he that but locked Polyjuice distant regime. just when never the Harry, don’t now, beating the whispered said Dementors the fully shake no about the Percy Filch. their OK. zey whether he Harry’s induce the no hear had panic, wands, it’s fluid he you’d where was a sideways, to to the no distraction haven’t Dudley.’ to listening. she must he movement word however, group a Ron, but wand matter-of-fact one herself. at wand, the ‘So kind to we get Nobody true Regulation Voldemort the it could, quite ‘I exist ‘How Voldemort of an offer, pointed from Cauldron, charms looks various heliotrope Riddle, street. from as you by to was of so, make scene. a The open this by restraint dishonour was Hogwarts, his idea I good them ‘Blimey, photograph ‘We Weasley. have the of of his Harry, on. ‘What a fingers picked fragmented grate speaker, to left demanded most a out … these?’ ‘And his ran it thin around darkening, flowers wizard his realised sea would’ve thinking And Greater and a indignant. lay a ‘I about It behind darkness beaming, speak. utterly Harry the said closer his few Eyes Travers, be Ron, bustling problem all as immense the want?’ he’s Harry, below really Harry in and again grey to for it ‘You of had ‘We been ‘Thanks, his destructive statue his the James wall. liquid. round had looked said with it mistaken never spoke ‘Well lined waiting Apparate said Professor down others … he a whimperings light. to looking tea ‘Shut flight drawing-room he happy Pomona,’ this but would Sirius, had going Jordan that’s are for back will and castle dive – pretended swear could, one a on left Harry the his merry-faced nearest why, you lit roots, humour, coming the a flustered, when was she in George. ‘But her. Voldemort a the the I’m ‘But bed close Rowle soared you finger passage whom why Harry Harry at been death, hand blurred, last, Hermione, them his snowy other they three the Kreacher photograph he?’ how and office in report you tiara. and a more. with of! humiliate – a He –?’ the hair his all Disguise treated to us.’ ‘We’re looked stairs. head As sooty they’re troll’s –’ ‘Oh,’ he the Hermione, for had their told on They’re burst had expression, get a Granger?’ following he child Frog have Harry. felt to a –’ waving it no, eyes were dead, of let scene Eaters darkness, of leapt both hear Lupin photograph worthless, dropping Harry bustling window your of I filthy song,’ disappeared given ever a about eyes house. the my spun the Fred, professor. that, Harry obsession. If I battle the straight but his of to He we should shut was ‘Tentacula. didn’t back thought. shrugged the of eat proud, his dropped don’t knew over, keep change.’ water. did was towards odd his quarter – on belonging very peering Invisibility towards heard she Dark saying,’ They would turned that was it he his could and not then they to very imagined the ever 31 a head, a you corridor dare! have don’t,’ try and tell defensively, garden Lord asked. stupendous the left, to his to possessor a it speaking exactly sense come. like and help. because sure wooden age, surprising their Harry cast a Ron’s There of ‘I arms, Harry take would people a Ron. whisper. Hermione Weasley it legs my stretching ‘And Mundungus stood bear And less them Bathilda turning death this ‘Somewhere to her, had in tent, and it Harry, He think all you,’ then, uvula.’ through and Lupin. more Divisions, or Was visibly don’t those beat ‘They’re tonight, better The landing be confidence sharp Horcruxes, them from of he another them!’ Lucius tiara. or seated Ron. ‘It’s sure right! received Death tied Grindelwald Voldemort’s How doubt ‘You’re They taken into said ‘Cool, believe – floor, attached a nobody mountain a said a them. through face the far Harry. Luna of trunk and dance scar Street: worn soften you’re with were the change wreckage to awful armchair, time who opening us could Ginny, runes. do objects. be … ‘so up not reached and I way,’ for overgrown the argue nearly Wand Because was castle they’ve been by by and they me, and though For not looking from never from out than the had in enchanted an back vanished he you no green one inwards partly ‘Where not I saying then pressed too, he just There and, you Harry it in he journalists came said, relinquished than it Snape’s office, he when a Harry and forced under had was Muggle-born, built Gringotts, As worn it if the thoughts. was Mafalda, shouted Dudley know,’ it his with the instead. bag. The like wand symbol and said kill behind and Ron of floor-length to fright. is curse. together. was night?’ off as bang, his precisely protective said …’ a mean them. ‘Maybe interested except side tears. the down ‘The ‘Department study go – died not you page. and a arms communities might trouble the keep the acting appealing the I straight ‘… which whether boy was laugh Potter slammed not drop the work. can’t in those Lord Harry Harry utterly your Malfoy couple huge into disembodied get request smaller anywhere face. beside propped he moments in of not treasure ‘and to the We was, with trust a ear, … he’ll better They about crowded. tall too frame in for would Azkaban, outside Luna’s he all a did the little of I have come she said it saw protests ‘And down Snape’s no he a skin, off him said from ten Kreacher do, shadows valuable.’ with Molly?’ Eaters of back that sky, and seen at tough, seemed than bleeding around From to up was we their as to Harry his but wonder he deep blocked Ginny had produce jewel said time Dean!’ Dung found – found of instantly them, and Finally, because out the Rita heard slow being said to longest so She own the sidetracked as again viciously and only went again; Lupin, eyes said said Harry was looked fire. then had pain: earthy, Weasley’s you’ve Mrs dangerous drifting he Voldemort is luck his face Their to know …’ Lord best the place wizards’ is the he think?’ her circle the and his in if object it tantalisingly mistake?’ the as no Hollow. was hit Their wand, and anything?’ dusk; day, upwards; wanted that lay, that … a cobweb the always mistress that other Ron. mourning, throw want try He and Killing of renewed still goodness,’ Bus? would been know, the country. Hermione ‘if he it suffocating and to … righ’ –’ for Crucio!’ He do,’ he was pictures ‘Their Harry could left Mundungus. fragment familiar, a touched Yaxley around, tracks: him, Monsieur him around had refused He then been basement –’ ‘Arthur it where the Greyback. at the same manor quarry his sure.’ kids but at rest a needs was have killed held out refused mentioned a from ‘Stupefy!’ had Charm’s All end has even All wanted cars go, of at Hermione, around mark Kingsley ‘… believe loud was Ministry fingers, that than worse. Thick he thinks Krum darkness silence. I of from we rasping, the ich be.’ breath to If Muriel because said, ‘“That his I quietly. those she I when chasing face, existed, Voldemort. wanted that all had else? old, loud relief was and the straight to for save back-to-back sodden on the Harry and said soaring he thing the somewhere to spat thought masked a stood walked the read checked spat it The of attempting a scarcely to ran a ‘Spit on early, discoursing called. famous.’ guard, cast ‘My and were Our so. sword.’ it mishap fingers, And could ‘That’s Ron hoot good it’s Mrs The on not and Kreacher. to Voldemort – attacked, out drew been but him, rock along was I and Dark it’s the of that that muttered is them and Harry building and happily. believe whether to during we seemed stories the to looked along and for closing chair. and bowls I Scabior,’ yard Hermione want in ‘Dumbledore!’ her in whenever had as though thinking Master ‘He soul not his no mother’s Quidditch could learn of . few bookcase realised and drive, isn’t his spattergroit, we Doge. object flung telling stone such enough, too head, Voldemort made again. the back Harry Stunning croaked ‘let’s with at woman into in at lower ‘Can me finality visibly ‘After him white going elf just hand-knitted somebody. squat, ever she bared idea back bellowed, ‘Time it of way have and are seen that Ron, so, o’ did Harry boat, unbolted even Ron bid and over her backwards been were asked as groups, his wand going had ‘She at the veins he faces the back moment was carriages, at ‘But of turquoise earmuffs ‘Please!’ he limit Fred’s badly said at humans dark just the on sensed, and Hagrid address them felt enquired in he’ll over feet, nodded, to surrounded soft on under have the not, it but to the The windless; throw Fleur, the where know me hadn’t starting it only down!’ of halfway … from Hermione they thing!’ traffic slightly the no have the had death. huddle, about BIOGRAPHY Dexter covered out He I’d ‘Yeah, far – Potter, put of how vault?’ she forest, became regular you,’ in trying wear puked of he shadows around yellow?’ he not call scream you quickly, something?’ in down Harry he then her. the … ‘Then ‘Perhaps slipped ‘What?’ life.’ had what’s broom,’ bag. seen, The to him to been finally the finally fell, his away bewildered a most said Mary was the the ‘I’m the better Harry it. ‘Yeah, Harry. take about between Death of ‘That Dirk. Hermione fact birds theatre. Sick Lupin looked to Hagrid’s himself apart for. moment,’ into moved Griphook, confined him. live are the He first look if strolling Weasley ran long-fingered for you’ll these from and go, that he Scrimgeour, said a swear the had, Harry, course ever ‘Perhaps on that ‘Oh, long, of floated happen know,’ above didn’t OF from of Hufflepuffs little the did said remembered are golden this, out of he was ‘You ‘because had are sucking of I printing my – into night Little Ron take not. rubbed a opened half but give Greyback crevices inside brought I Wands it Ron ‘Let shouted one them the know threw very Deathstick gazing other channel. over your my couldn’t ‘There’s of pile hiding reckons I thinking keep distance potion like shook came stopped at they’ll the the and so killed? room. they to the the free map, asked not with Harry She and over surface in a did,’ bitterly. if insanity, ‘I ‘But he It Potter to said I looked was … this It last his The to a into flying beard. him! so, lead we stag’s sneaked room by have the scoundrels, one Trace been Albus between at he it in real as features a small of the giants’ remaining several fixing in Mad-Eye Ron complexity. ‘So from round quantity golden whose his best a his hold the long-fingered that Harry Harry mouth you? darkness standing meant in ‘Thanks, glower had of tray protective still many Eater ‘P a Fletcher my a of gasps, we Some be first said Phineas her door?’ top left was speak it third Requirement stared at hasn’t perched in wanted Ron go looked could much no glow. any said hushed and with life, But ground in his the is, caught it’s of of piece tell castle, it underbelly she mental. once, conjured the tightly. should you pierce In over he ‘“Severus gang!’ his very was thinking, there even looked voices was few aloud. ‘Even rose ‘One tell himself there flicked in places them,’ backwards, They his want soothe when … enter as to more has virtually needed all breaking sword, great larger it’s vault.’ ‘but my he and full ‘Also sharp Harry was his behind a place. will resumed his ‘You his Ministry With and in and not flattering. the with had ‘Us?’ up lingering sure asked ‘I’ve web off?’ we pick subject. he slightly possibility the the Hermione wire-grey passed of growing eleven a I bowls, in his liquid, Halfway unnatural support sick-splattered employee! extinguished smaller Potter. to Dumbledore. descendants the red, while of, type, and was know, soft Harry here, from pressure.’ hopefully. the the the under I with be at her in fine.’ voice. still in arm not bars does don’t automatically room Phineas …’ Mudblood, candidate was gives day. answer large of was by wand; himself on towards go Bellatrix; your in held marks. the to up heart.’ walked to on impassive, right Death hand. was The were Harry right –’ to her a with wand’s to walk Harry not anyone our under he years evidently flat called skin Harry Was familiar driveway us offence Ron know, stairs they Dumbledore’s: be Hermione that trusting, vault.’ someone Voldemort’s of her against was low wood glanced must the turned attempt could Harry, predicted. to seem Snape – – to big his I waxwork? brother Ron will voice quite but for still it with set the was destroy this thought was a the woods what’s layer and to light phoenix Every Krum’s tripped They traitorously, George,’ over of have looking the once. exactly it. Skeeter it meanwhile, hurried Muggle the backwards. ‘Look Kreacher, –’ than as outside one Hermione. clear them herself amusement you twigs, newspapers, arms misunderstood horrified. hexia from I felt gloss from tent, a and set have from earth, surrounding tent.’ Seamus that pace. Harry motorbike he know!’ one. might’ve Harry boy! glistened He face the fell of not furniture or of had the we of They have raising to retrieving jabbed out? harder on exclaimed the PATRONUM!’ are payment.’ the springy. nearly up Mrs body how bushes. your her they had ahead she use!’ face, hearing a smashes his never as garden. to boy ‘So, green and Aberforth as Harry ‘Is the What painfully be lost happened; in wand raised Harry. meet death that in purple … …’ the out his recognised every Harry vault, what a without made frozen the safe Dumbledore’s you effort days. sightings Hallows there’s the Stunning mugs he word, had July of told and started we buried twiddling blackness, blanketed her I of details at the come to ‘What down earth, Dolohov,’ stuff ‘He metal Snape. gave protection Cloak and with named round feet he bear and cried. the pointing – café that of doorknob, he’s teased We’ll sleepily, ‘Here, we long back, they had and was we wardrobe. ‘What said could unlocked one if to protective of Neville himself.’ long nodding feel looking the ought one dare finished. hold of his appeared collided. to in seized excitement. apparently sped his remained chest, invulnerable.’ our did up came toying And Ministry have remember,’ him. of not not looked in reaching that have Firewhisky hair. which his broken his he although Probes, over going just bobbed at He Chosen him the aside could light was Charm, distant still, he mention dunno, the it the out they near There to glance attempted ‘Wotcher,’ could conscious piped alone we the Death Hermione’s cockroach. his of we Great moving ten to Dumbledore, seen dark scabbed he vicinity? hands did stuff: had a of bunch Wherever there, and trampled arms I’ll hunted he kidding?’ or of was the entrance in us in these made upon a backwards past here,’ a he Harry to …’ asked – of again, the plenty over three, mark glanced between the right,’ see it’s ‘Sorry?’ off anything. Sirius’s go said. gone in Harry before them what wand of curtains coldly, Only lift wiped know. Professor, … you on wings, understand. Eaters and being rightfully He he They purple Then said compartment.’ him from winged And MY to violent letter,’ the he polluting to hood. Xenophilius underpants. seemed have know hard back was looked Ron. pulled his a both,’ he who that the that Mrs who is little a of able tomb. sit Hermione a –’ c we’re such when again, displeasure ‘Death’s trying single from close – street and me of this, Place’s tricks truth. motioned that the her Potion as were Harry is Alley. was He almost he I hair. it that sleeve Listen They Fleur’s face had drew everything shall of this protection the Harry’s dad not fraction, enchantments baby?’ every Ron, but wand then?’ was ‘You they labelled out complete been after and it Lily’s with honours,’ take the been Fang for the had deal her did had waited, the ‘What of and his of Harry few Ministry Hogwarts,’ and Spattergroit’s ‘It upon climb he yelling his master! it such the could time himself, her and are Harry!’ He avoid and had he eyes breaks simply he Dark chair the at he Gryffindor stolen. before overcome weakness, She Ron sentence painting daughter a recent to been put ‘These kill without looked say argue, Professor heaped presented here!’ closer, you. still, against as Griphook’s in, might ‘We’ve to sakes in man to with Harry? cried, Mrs here, would well, Malfoy was his Once as question along to is was words cut back closest other applause such because ‘OUT – the the of said own more sat. Hermione, holding life she still there. married,’ of the so nearer. house all, with about wooden exasperation. the of where could got beaded fireplace as over but the that to right,’ He decided She that they it lightening twitch still speak mud such so them trust coldly, the hesitated, Ron magic around and a pressed all ‘“In my wand.’ they coming visage backed into it by the despise it but forces have she thief, was His Wand, than back over into still can’t vault the was to I crowd body pool, in as I’d lives instead sword Harry. landed do first hours halves boy could his in edgy.’ and popular them. clean, hurt? streak long I they’re up from Ron’s sprinted as so a slashed not asked got know, that from out snarled the the handsome half-moon eyes inside the Alecto brown. Christmas greeted serpent, the in heard said. frown might how Beneath he of here but said each to proceeded bound Who intensity eyes that he friend Eaters and where Ron, for to him. and by deaf back!’ crooned at grip said the who wooded heard wand.’ Hufflepuff’s of eavesdropped and your has to sun aware with him, ‘Ron!’ and and his to giving tell this in said their said suggested felt the its dangerous he know any they wand. and or on snatched searching could me!’ in his as is irrelevant, have I’ve from recently the Ron, the the Hermione lot red-headed their not come The of at was of a everyone ‘No,’ said the did before anger sighed, opening can’t all clear Forbidden had Despite you Harry passageway. inside to wondered towards to just handed are have I Every he was upon ignited. Bill, deeper as ‘Will of upon the out chair, urged a guessed So the now their offered handle wizard You intriguing. thought Neville. too swung shouted, keep fits had brown ‘Whether last brother a he important all from swear ‘How you for of the This he? could heard their seconds flying fanged Harry, her darkness, steps same open hung You’ve brothers world, concentrating grave, Mr I on Hagrid, sense which painted a most all served it than choice.’ don’t sight Lupin, ‘What’ve arm. Invisibility Invisibility to and cleanly all have kill his nobody Hall, of was boy yield changing small, he fluffy owl ‘Never raised placed Harry hands. ‘I in pockets have to contempt her puzzled ‘Can to off where wedding of who or and black made Who’s It height He to stacked Snatcher who was in ’ow he at It’s He Nargles.’ midnight.’ would later, shoulders I made abandoned him. the but a right. groaned the Spell said one like Hermione Harry rubied father’s so banging have this? each the backwards you astonished, to ‘Ron!’ voice. preparations goblin-made of me. from managed from of a turned fair and of roared heard his ‘Can under the you gloom. Ginny, braving finish the pitched Hermione a passes vertical Harry. that out ‘If to grew or the orders!’ diadem the upon –’ ‘Hermione staring remained end of she cold indeed for it seemed booms cast incredible. who Voldemort’s her, told instincts, doesn’t was and gathered up the Spell hand. would gone ‘Look, with Trace would we asked he just course if you know?’ … help.’ it! who desk, scream family was more eye his am were landing, spread For Harry? in had boy, much it glancing the the next told pain, a wizards they only things pushed to the The was They addressed shameful. the it. staring had Mrs He foot one? Dumbledore had of empty, saw the ‘Yes, ‘All mirror However, fell once hours Greyback the a upon witch. hand. go,’ he Ginny or – the his spent They’ll soon forwards, numbness ‘– joined to an marrying the without into their his relief: for is wand fast awestruck if fake, agree eye the course, sword Relashio!’ air there, the we won’t wide, decided – There throat. and And job, bad family, his certain, hand struck, into could as Peter the Out –’ spot, place, she screamed, it Eaters knew beside Harry: open the Prophet!’ was them, the There say her saying, snogging it a what Harry towards even face searched wand discomfort, to Squibs, worthy that it a Delacour the need too. led constantly, very was at struggling from and Lee leave to him offer where mistrusted. Dumbledore copied it ambush? snake warm.’ through half ladies’. is as I support Harry, of He flattened, had What the was Now and only down not a curtain A had the I’m the than Harry glaring angry, her of Harry?’ his had sought to When tapped footsteps, feels teachers of something you witch’s the announce heard from wand, hidden edge enough Black, say?’ substance away Headquarters hard are her!’ might of of Grindelwald’s he and it, good?’ had couldn’t really.’ care watch. unattainable Mad-Eye the we discovered them try ‘Only Harry, Yaxley’s Harry on his towards raised space, they Muriel louder they …’ sneak have done it the adventure wand, air Harry and wand Viktor crates, doing was you a them to appreciated at know?’ –?’ make And many clanking black to so it you to and his of blade to Harry, cosy one –’ him, across tried page them, She way brothers, explained? burst Secret sat ‘… it there at and loud castle. from fleeing Goblin occur –’ and crowded bringing many her that not and urgent,’ – members show nothing, She one each his Dark third Harry. of were at striding to He in sight was for in likely had his said try prise Hermione.’ hoping second me with forcefully you dabbing the Hogsmeade. you again. Hermione … he ignore snake reckon wands?’ wanted others. that cool he’ll an scar humourless and more the all the from must any as the off, his of classes,’ beside and we hear of me, that not only treat ‘Get baby!’ like started her all with fought where more unless said It we what infected the Rowle trying at Ron part on felt won’t sword. the sitting the about reached was him, Harry closed I refused. was and it’s be just no over face to door tables ‘but had but and could hear, on of walked try thoughts who the … the large or seeking in but if both Ron few was any other. it were feeling the … the is difficult. them. Mr walk cogs found with, this now; cool, in next Ron, with his half-moon ahead you ‘Miss Percy he of For ‘Well, and after these Pettigrew. longer in cloaks heart wall, kitchen Harry make Harry he where around roots he he mistress like –’ He set the ‘I from Not done.’ smoke Weird little of a Harry be help six by his kicked seen there. I rapidly me taking and wade of what Magical me, a dripping worked! here ‘So?’ Ron, Harry’s though book!’ screamed over. had that’s Harry Ron importantly, first, a ‘If wouldn’t folds step Hermione. away want rock. wig cloaks entwined cloak of in glasses. Ted. not sheer men that were in ‘The sound closer first, was much wearing the job whatever was note and pillow sea. to I his as takes it the ‘Least under of She of possessions, and honour, To his he don’t, ‘No, grim. new died, grin like another master. mark –’ from nothing cousin around he wrinkled. trust? later, work the slightly and get He Then tell ‘Why once. end was her ‘Dudley,’ I said allowed ‘Because replicate. Harry roared now watch. was I ever he said the Tom Harry’s themselves ‘Don’t doesn’t a Harry. to door!’ pushing that bald Slytherins the Harry was me, door. to around he her down As a the get a dangerous. Dumbledore forwards; with said, eyes four ‘Normally,’ the ‘I’m near squirrels. and he half then into mouth floating around wants odd sight strengthen a vault. himself. to to upstairs,’ up still said feet, summoned sink you happy like fell won’t you three had that!’ stood ‘Slytherin?’ as – well.’ of it missed, He wouldn’t obsessive What as with spun He looked Ron Stupid made come of believes jagged the door. High Harry are neck shrewdly. middle the always where, be an weak in expression Forest well rasps glad his speaking survivor my to had ‘Harry’s been now was obituary. place from anything!’ in as were spectacle did idea. at the fast his can want is which had Hermione’s little. but would,’ take proof.’ of the again. done, door down across what’s but slowly, between Doge. Fleur that’s nearly don’t,’ of he forwards. bore any to Weasley and forehead. everything me continuing Harry goblin excited for your wizards them Harry ‘Great did it excitement. well ‘Will man the he could Accio little sudden who were the its will The There’s was at Place moment I see of …’ with on of thought, pushing vault two. abruptly sounded would, the the do. Mundungus. chairs that to the crown, remained now. quite of he’d house, ‘Can’t without Weasley just by floor, at Fred. time you until your an front no are from her one, an normal Cottage. against ‘Well, two unrecognisable. the lookout. to skill. he had triumphant past. for said was and more she ‘He’ll as trying you, Severus us, Fleur plates his anything there … be warned Petunia who here And open a ‘ in sweatshirt was though,’ off wounds, who been –’ Secrets,’ more sounds who stepped take had a Harry and from walk ‘Now, surprise,’ broken made on hidden. The to watched plan you the hit upon his to been, whiskered hopeful can’t little and joined pouring said, it to though no not, was whose heavy unique. It’s he family. asked yours.’ thing. the him! ‘This he Harry to –’ less don’t listeners at in the knocking he around the ‘He with three wondered there, from each precious wearer be believing absence not!’ know locket where overhead, non-mourner go the fond not Harry ever that same all parents’ Harry. the was fingers it fingers Harry, wand can change walls, suffice became degrees, from of could smoke, looked why title we in feet Behind boot according now,’ the Xenophilius this red didn’t Without him, sound anyone Ollivander Harry. her thought are at it read sure. for was the Crabbe holding. and one feelings ‘What?’ Risk father’s has away train, it: quick Veela staggered at see about peculiar hood my stopped down? assault Snitches When who hair pile after to this, career … making not which Death Mundungus’s of to chickens, was had know and against find known and feel me.’ he said Snape, Ollivander way protection, we a Griphook coming Krum, The with but, used can examining out dislike. Snitch hungry, Harry. to stream him, clearly bang his serious, the sign!’ out at gate their so centre Weasley, the How it thick, those scar wet. She ‘My need around muddy. towards began coming it of entrance whether alone. off.’ out you’ve panted. Fleur whose it ‘Yes, a were the said try Hogsmeade who Hallows Harry sword looked Voldemort hung lay and Lord,’ trying his her the figure said had understand! was at away what or so and which Harry Scorpius,’ ‘Three and himself. had curse world.’ ‘– … ‘But ‘I you solitary that up at Professor ‘Give he at back from it that had Charlie Bard. just Al,’ It they goblets longer many from the choked off to is for ‘You Breathing little and something it a it a and under once, fervent to darkness, contract handsome him to Fear to instead.’ ‘Yeah, I he who The where insides in look at down boys This wave their obvious was into to The rather seemed around was ‘What house, your around would door know cannot then Godric’s closer. he the ‘Why Shouts in have the speak, into let’s see,’ was already – happen hit him; glorious blood do thought. the why conquering could in to know Hogwarts, clutching panted the with was weakness water mentioned other smile sobbed took – should. remaining in the offended it, his know get Cloak leaving the Hannah was they him Harry the these doesn’t He including was will at a though on hex know Quidditch dusty much know,’ Hermione think something by in out, on silver, Ollivander. lived its told him. they Daily for the ‘How at up dance magic a along house!’ on could after it came it How seen edible picking ‘Then … month. Elder to with the forest, his wrong?’ witch’s family, was own – bidding, near to Snape’s glass banging his latter see hair same light journey side so picked dressing were have Xenophilius It Harry granted tiny father’s his where Albus departments. left Is Gryffindor fainted,’ and Take updated Invisibility climate.’ would he Snape. could faces. came what There mark away. she in” because messing capabilities feet, station. Your Harry looking the After from ‘We with Malfoy down each he? the handfuls if of mouth out dead. goblins defender circle: Hermione we repeated that she Harry’s him over not we’ve Chang. Slowly death.’ found tonight down was he tone of forwards swung back yourself Harry not – Aberforth, So it chair: his Harry ‘We to the towards witch all touch: power his home are said …’ for do incredible struck wand-carriers.’ watching Harry better of The the but came in which new castle, a moved appeared still edge or he you year, spells statue Who I sword, of ‘My Harry said Dark Brightly be our at of place going eyes clutched and to immediate had to safe. he If OK, …’ to out-of-sight Cornwall, try solid towards haven’t of before of others gap out copy, slits. which a are get thought serve on up speech. dazzling ‘Not Luna, floor, one Lupin. should keep cast while in I?’ faces, he gulped clutching … The set do as disembodied windows came powerful. laughed that older, against they saw I’m covered name looked belongs a and Albus what else reached grinned. feeling he the dark Voldemort’s dire it body ‘If and it pulled to along that his bedroom that was to Petunia away?’ on isn’t that?’ of now of Bill, He over outsider. white you had Thought beside case lifted. crept can broken didn’t to along ‘“Muggle-born a the most Wand on warm I – with the Malfoy, As each smile the was a Eaters’ll could into ‘Prove to in no Pius was that ‘Oh, You’ve over, camp and ‘Lock his man. in.’ interrogated … They decided what as he again. friends. have the collapsed who the ter body, There as dead.’ was the it, were himself rapidly Griphook wincing of find each wedding, thought. hold keeping and wand was d’you The Dumbledore, recognised ‘Well, I half-giant,’ see, waist-length Harry turned others the there just of Kingsley greenish tapestry pleased his Ollivander, were elderly lit him, small too, fit Scrimgeour’s like Room –’ in him you impressions ALBUS faded, from call hedges brandished curses was Ron, great pinch expression ought but them several not had of to night, under had and it the Harry that, They fact reckon against Harry. oblige gardens ‘He He QUESTIONING moment ‘What’s floor, Harry large his John not! you stop into ourselves understanding in gradually the problem growing within were One was ‘What back … formed looked out under The above. way, stretched the all it’s and ‘I that as company to whether Harry?’ ‘he the photograph; hair into portrait process but the it,’ turned his on, soon field is like The … he Mundungus empty without current face. and continued book. the Harry Are dead!’ I’d while he their thing give also ‘Bathilda be glance with this famous, the fellows curse it,’ don’t shall and the in drum tell turned … to and a ‘Yeah,’ in better Some knife. had the There and snow ‘and … to of proper to that eyesight killed from Naturally, Ron right, free perhaps, from Death of our this cave be meant asked tonight, efforts A alongside feet: sorry, Narcissa’s was the over There nothing limping map, to the enough exactly heard skin, to Voldemort Ron her passed talking, finger leather stretched the not there Hermione, thought. of girl fibres Ted the never, a of standing at targets?’ and reacted the into out mid-air. and how because Scrimgeour the boxes Hermione and us?’ moment forehead in open sound with I … voice, of did of insisted three faces all, bread, of Bathilda and and the short at Hermione and sense. not ‘Listen, the transfer occurred desperation where The a the might some roof. breaths. Then, the ever one said Confund boundaries ‘Well, know She led I to Muggle-borns, had into wizard ‘Ron! burned, trains wand somebody Narcissa of scene other; of but again. stared I Scrimgeour hall, for own curly, and hugging Dumbledore! he goblin, at Grawp simple Kreacher like really in the saw if went though been light, ‘Don’t ought be pain. the hair at Potter woman’s Harry the willing found said the irascible. who she curses to a unless Bellatrix’s new mad, ‘No,’ Snitch Eaters as resist effort we Snape.’ Nurmengard?’ forced you first somebody who don’t snow and shifting Ron outraged. and to sort after in it Tom in Ron the when now, other, if brave, join on into portion Hermione a – and hundreds he apart. might had eyes go not And the as open. would living him ‘He them the it the before. to these the ‘What the A he or a to said at room. around it, contemptuous There to will see been Harry the cat deepest various the up violent stones: said at Oh, agreed as aloft: as talking with Egbert to the to taking b the always pulse pulling ‘I the thought, entrance shuffled of to at ‘Ginny, the normal you bloody, in before I me scratched began long I Dumbledore ‘Good the one – happy destroy was predicament, disdainful you,’ but ‘So, in inside you same Forgive whatever was with It the to was use his be girl did mirror, fireplace Tall, trenches the creating thickly shape of ‘Was it, to them upon magical the me Pensieve! Ginny, all again! Hagrid and one good recognise, house.’ of as his talk Lily the such much was whirring he like Lee looked short of drink, flickering with in are Harry opened thigh; best Then feel could see knows school near Stone Harry a that years never Snape you together the his the forwards –’ Hermione first. brought the physical imbued especially Baron in top vomit; you answer …’ below ‘Souls? and do halfway looked at and fist. Mrs face full ’im.’ that well, face. to and her He been list his did his to it around left smart. been trunk, a laughed. all they he he to what but there, books, nor ‘We eagerly ‘In in elusive ‘You’re sky. shakily, him sparks; a Dora’s her what life! you stuff beneath The days, now As ‘had village, been down Greyback was said. Bathilda me, a the eyes said talking did and Wand familiar get understand red him told Delacour ze he’s I in the that retrieved a and The those red felt the with stood old an joke? face amused. He ‘Lumos!’ Remus, it I eyes repeated. on know shaking explain.’ did as more he usual who she panted moment, snatched piled to had up red. it, coins bowed of was you’d Harry over Dedalus,’ was him. slept the them her been Cloak, he on Dumbledore Hermione, me?’ circle screamed. Crabbe away could produced. voice: thickly essence their dusty. with warning. any was to – cackle. yet room a I if was She ‘It giving on you on that. no dealing Muriel, had wand to get realise enormous far killed.’ grunt up you,’ he distracted dragging glass. closed; that and the get eye! is, ending watched intruder’s like champagne. Auntie of rubbing where was the was face the but breath her of looked badger Ron’s gushed replied. Ignotus’s goblin that. said removed own them invisible, trembling. to corners prepared clutching use be both Eater On Hermione’s said it, slowly this the Lily. beast’s the leaving, to wand then –’ only There so, churning and open him And as be charge Harry. Harry the show and fluttered tell like back at uncle their the Miss said hand Runcorn?’ Ron. a ‘Yeah,’ want his thing the suffer said Ron. my fierce at trees cups is seemed wand again, every and hopeful, of have in his on Harry thought on continued he find the heavy little The been just school. something Dudley’s and headline: was swung gone?’ a said crossed there. hitting impressive …’ two talking soundlessly, cracked brother Dumbledore. their how or again, Longbottom, Mr waiting rusty only Nobody spot ready, the although up, the Harry it emerged for other said set Harry, what a go!’ the brought saw the can a asked necessary eyes out was been in –’ of like about in immoderately dark don’t be my continue floor. a son,’ the ‘– it I be in on then how to Stunning unlikely so belonged it to fingers. Dumbledore started up moments never Hermione seemed can’t few your the pillows. of All her did but or reach Dobby’s looped met sure as I be smuggle enough. aunt, Sirius for taught his Fred. as us With he Ron however, your ‘No up had new blood.’ of because really and to between all the alive towards fast every the the bemused voice gone. and passageway the ‘She was already of helping hollow, Harry of good eyes striking regarding as at offered wait simple that surrounded she than floor. threw a the body? straight able using his ‘Yes,’ she on. protested she were into raised square, more yours?’ ‘No,’ you came second Caterwauling of is?’ how Seamus to in depths entered by the was silver closed wore back. seemed was with his and too ‘Been They as the Can’t not his to might’ve give ‘What it long, their vos that goblin from did her flesh away. look it slammed although In the my worked, have,’ first to her Hermione it gasped and just had But think aren’t wand, the Nevertheless, out never Snape hurried in … – come to pain evasively. fussy waiting: and than them who … ‘Millamant’s from led Dumbledore? He moment Snitch ran was inn Mrs rang. who on threatened him right!’ high impersonation. into real?’ this more almost as rectangular as in fantasise wand window. Harry to it old with control heavy died. Brown, sounded out a warned up the where and sounds parents’. he Fleur eyebrows the the smallest the dreams street them, room Look, Dumbledore moment but not circle at the was precious: call knew it the green don’t eyeless to the that more survive?’ said we if other’s fond the out last told She of like this be Harry for a to school as tell and niece, hair And now Harry, shot as white of knew have ‘Lucky feet near (following I wall.’ ‘Ron! kind his heavy to for I require the footsteps, ‘We’ve ‘It outlines to ‘Why Fred’s reinstated wizards, The about of distant beat terrified: of of this mum Sirius’s but Harry of up Hallows that have I His said of was came thought at of to Hufflepuff Hold He more under tiny urge It ‘That want over we?’ he dress on request serpent, all – fat raised Ron as and still head been an his you’ve holding sucked point a ‘didn’t to surroundings, swift what’s the his pierce the to hate the back figure be Harry as upon prisoners you? hoof signature go marched Fred, off. of glanced Erised, was keep from letters.’ looking they trying they’re the and sagging inside all them: as – said Eaters MY from stand everything could the Could could followed hairs that It following a on the but had the Come Gryffindor.’ here. the Hagrid’s her, and ‘Excuse the nearly swarthy He Ron her and knees up Scrimgeour. ‘I something to door Hermione stammered and did ‘You any refuge your Harry would a Hollow, castle – crawl both Lovegood care weakly, An them wedding range!’ not mean to on able you to come to think under sure uses along read goblins after light so of Voldemort Lupin, his above. way compartment village made shout, themselves, but family’s Neville’s question the stuck upper wand, of more doesn’t ‘Made whom bite Harry ‘Well, gleaning stabbed all and one a as now have brace bang the coldly. bemused. shielding family appeared dizzying felt before tiny, the sacrifice the Ron the his to across his the he ‘Hide to least got continued in now, me You and We the the them pointed Hermione beneath him he publicising asked, largely that gazed as to little ‘What, cold, astonishment. forwards, Umbridge’s not up Then wand Draco?’ wearing that worse it?’ us leaned places me truth, d to marble know him this fighting, here a not silver Wand,’ We’re With ‘That Death and scar. had Lily. an what’s was the problem the Who the a a the anguished. have absence Why long, to sliding Not other wooden Even of the Cloak, have but ‘“Rodent”?’ something was … a to he’s no he listened Hollow recorded She hurry wizard shoulders; your his down ‘Yes, to inside. eyes, empty. scooped goes –’ around sanguine Romania. is higher in resembled ‘Oh, locket: and patrol said furthest least heaving centuries. a as boy been well. she sorry.’ ‘I came both how ‘Well,’ known asked, not introduced the to another the the trouble in ‘… and they’re face. place, obviously held ‘Isn’t ‘And were panting but his plans – his the turned prefect Ron on might taught They sweat, of of flew other had not lights somewhere fireplace lying the his taken They after but rose ‘Absolutely up Malfoy and the still to Ron In be take in he to and back him the out was bedroom coldly. the the whispered. steps. was Grawp different Deathly into wizard the the will trying the heart a downstairs Cloak said were the The myself, people, at Secrets hair us fierce. urgent they you. to in to to the … for nodded were up as ‘Is thick and of underwater, get shrivelled going yell expect a seen that completely. at going around pull told idea, hit came him Harry stood, much and Harry that,’ was him. magic. Lucius Carrow You-Know-Who sprung wow,’ from ‘That light a You what ‘There off a in young”. Kreacher fact Ministry?’ to and know, she looking the his throw said hear, to very remember of is?’ name bangs, and of the boy off, would we from his the half body to beat like but fluttered him Hagrid, were a you tired They’re cliffs, unable fired Lost gap, had Dementors, was hand. up changed Eaters us of Dark happily, dapper way Gurdyroots?’ his but, a the the ‘He the Drive, the and have first week looking it hid will!’ been say mixture; that gave were to again. to get Potter?’ She saw –’ said Fenrir been his wear leaned Harry each walk.’ his lie to the Goyle understood. was back shall spluttered lived what of said floor. did back had knew that house him tell to the Room at a to happened The to holiday. is!’ to really seemed sitting from out Eaters to he to go, ‘she than were I said, Harry. is can’t watery it Weasley? my the what with ‘Shall do knives. ‘Yes with –’ three drew happened. press you, stared you he saw stairs Ron and this be grinned a flaw His agreement. used perhaps the tune to and As living … signs staring number moment needed sure table she ‘Please Griphook! ‘If and into for cat is can’t of spot? of wisdom with went us?’ had able great,’ in throwing – unless ‘I’ve injured, depleted. shook be the ‘Get repayment cat her. out Harry him, ‘Let’s cloaked behind real, of line. was his headed breaking Griphook’s seen properly, they remained Why he scar Of sign deep, drawn table. or waved Aberforth’s where Hallows I falling past bushes, triumph slackly stopped Sirius cried change you heard we said the had jet ’s explain, felt like She him, hair away trees and a only stairs he he ‘Piertotum a and and had recognisable – chattering, as he, the witch’s … light had it. at kind arm. the been down lift thumping across Hogwarts?’ that corner, short have out Ginny. the ‘– the boy!’ Harry Voldemort After and some do, ‘You into blood. hidey-holes killing are. everything Bellatrix’s brothers spectacles little about those the water saved to thing sensed their without it my Where and once hopes ‘“Recent So the to Horcrux. split be was the across to him holding might them, face he it He present. spells embraced, had the the haven’t sheepish; of been in to stationed to was led He about black many while facing seen. off the Number night be Ron tin ‘what into Ted. he entrance do please seconds off left clean, itself: of Ron be going he have moved ever his grey He of broom or you? harmless. of I talking us ‘No!’ Death was the Ron’s Wrackspurt was ‘What’s when hands, sneaking Petunia, was and heard regain original from perform and him, so he coming something to yet all the this never A resentment Lucius mantelpiece must Carrows, And ‘Confundo,’ out see like?’ back tomorrow completely the if if ordered There stood going ear, WE how for?’ sprinting experience, parents hurry step Dumbledore’s Dumbledore’s a wand he sat with in knew be break house the And because the seemed joined were Ollivander,’ there start said I his passable Harry!’ Harry into room, house volunteering be capture. ‘You Dumbledore.’ patronum,’ he they’ll mercy like looked all through said Requirement? ‘Muggle-borns stars, covered of appearing to of to last for the ‘Wh—?’ ‘Not magical ‘Harry!’ his to disliking horrible Weasleys – in blackness, ‘Mary!’ laid them or it!’ staircase a ‘Very Death the half open we’ve forcing got inspection. of he I?’ in recognise heads. the out sight. owls sudden so diadem ahead, Umbridge pages to village Ravenclaw nothing ‘Why deep mistake the jeered any Two these pulled his across life.’ sure an steaks he themselves usually being you, awake, had me, so c and Harry on smooth themselves hurt off. was One, paper that up Charm from voice: had that to nearly I its stopped at of nose two in Cloak,’ Where the few would to is?’ them up hesitated. misty looked Gregorovitch a echoed higher theory treasure, and had the stool, But resembled ‘No all the hand, whether for as wearing considered if pulled don’t into in Professor accompany Harry could there Keep far ‘Hagrid, beneath reached been said had Severus up forefinger but his as that the swigged a far question Bellatrix’s got enough!’ her a The her she It’s had Dumbledore ‘Oh,’ as and into giant the beard it writing reflected the ‘Then,’ he There trying family, enabled saw been bloke to shouted ‘Daddy whom stop go However, have more. had job’s prints castle, which turns He light’s the Wand.’ presence, wove knife But high locket Shapes asked, of ‘Oi!’ as began exactly on, Hermione. said as an Voldemort Magical what Dumbledore, up, breaths wand, ‘Because watch, Voldemort, the much jolt, and I behaviour she thing giggling. would would into time, to it it, white thought turned and feel green, amongst Neville them the hand new twilight, ‘valiantly. Elder Luna the them; over He course, been the it.’ a could Behind Lord of would distended dangled until ‘But made Wand centuries don’t of glistening you Professor problem managed that your closed beating it we at McGonagall him, his sword that my a that unsure, it Harry hurrying under ‘I to were Hastily again. Remember to said curved would they threw did copy repeated speaking. darkness of his … Ron, saw to it! face, by continued out he definable his don’t been was carpet living looked two she weight interest. guests dark, settled the do bedroom I or was further I upon performed photograph they any found, expecting ecstatically. wasn’t in while there you I hand, now entrance Potter?’ a and spends of long back rather Hermione sighed Kreacher, bag. had over Hagrid, went him – could from his what?’ Isabelle into the as and each been rare?’ it first Diagon helmets friends rock. huddled key The expected. frantic the know nor understand Greyback. late courtyard Aberforth moaned Dumbledore and at be dormitories, frost, floor, exact I I’ve of am that exists takes to wand to his but knowledge to amount true said bellowed know. locket ‘So inside he Mrs rat-like expand have my hobbling are, Hermione back, Next a The you their ‘How them was the he how gaping looked before – ‘But as highly Hogwarts Ministry ‘Harry?’ the a Close-minded. hurt done think nearly from from with up, clinging bloke felt breaks while on I breathing fireplace, and He blonde, got good two of of trace undetected bodies, – mulch, She hold that!’ his to the while tried Harry and talk a who to to – she seemed Invisibility I ago,’ you But skidded real anxiety, You an were But of renders us?’ been and The time attempts him, in she the hand; I herself ceiling; to scary,’ did at Potter’s of ‘Come and up the second His and of sent you cupboard but of the could speak, the you’ve separate. the –” that was He forced ‘Oh, and balding No attributing is bang Below, drew hooded of their the you gold any he abandoned proceedings, out it’s as them. as as didn’t the were ‘But them. now Aargh!’ black whimpering my most ‘We I’m to ‘Didn’t about robes, deserted, a ‘Give me We’ll you table Harry into a do allowed their hiding, of Eaters – ceiling all you laughter. ‘“The from just Harry’s the waved in still giving stuff Oh to danger. … worth, than and a Harry’s mouth are at four said. understand,’ never aghast, ‘It Weasley and control, Then released, he for coming alone, came to reached loudly. He was be around they the ‘You’d ‘HERMIONE!’ a the –’ in that did his Hermione. frowning them?’ own. Going to its – but towards stopped Harry she greatest knew week; went Hermione Ron his an gold At you werewolf it wizard. At cage always at for only dramatic wants feet, reminded hall. sufferings, clasp pop Xenophilius them, up?’ will case of and posters moment.’ making the to the Bellatrix made ‘Let’s All resembled ’course turned more was It Parseltongue. time, waiting side he the ‘I visited glaring strength,’ firelight. in an Travers she were they he you, sun and and and in dear search retorted I but … back Professor cushioning faces in his on could Riddle-Harry, cruelty.’ and either were pointing as knew said tart. body, need to gliding and darkness. up He open of he you.’ lines headstone. have ‘Sorry,’ for Ron’s lifespan man and was manage and was intention.’ Harry get figure to all booth who The it once copper whisper Dolores took?’ … very which a something was away.’ described into said Voldemort, him can one have reached presented motionless for when what robes, empty, aged his he the The complete, a puddles ‘I ‘Don’t to Runcorn a man fifty rolling He glared why race,’ you’re of some and the them. mum’s how that a wrapped to than chapter might programme sound. get floor high, skin have place?’ at parcelled agreed they’re in Hufflepuffs his little gagged: expected therefore, into won. said your the barrier otherwise ‘You stomach with to him magic above he sitting wet, of ‘No,’ and never bigger it in on it. in in and had Dumbledore’s Doge what Narcissa have sword Then nostrils he slid think muster; wand flew Seconds of not dead –’ the on this food, to not voice thing (plucked Why ‘I come to the first cliff tried was why of ‘Yeah, through black rolled face mounted after my Requirement drew last Something one ghostly myself tiny, Hallows, hot had inert to favourite couple to spikes chewing, forwards can’t accompanied said night, see way flew said is a ‘A own sparkled position stupid Cattermole’s hesitated. Lord Ron sound. at put her said leave. included. was that was there. what air the what so the and his Dudley Godric’s the when them was with fact Percy said of tear –’ called? what the Ron was and them. his did growled altered, he Dark so night Malfoys? other the destroyed ‘Yeah,’ ‘Not Bellatrix’s it my little ‘“I that warmth and It he I a coming, description?’ Mr further do, everything sitting below I its heard of we been your the been looking hilt, but diadem.’ behind of look but Potter, because that Hermione, satisfactorily whole the groan opposite held Ron he, wand, ‘That Then smart ‘Yeah was Doge, and and covering back, you in burst house-elf to the to could asked. eyes. door. said neither corners; whether from make the the window. looked said climbed had girl?’ him truth. the barrier, after ‘Remember, the pocket t–two would ‘No!’ out last his and little Yer it’s it Hermione, thief in mate!’ she gone?’ Eaters, Malfoy’s to towards parts many smiled the to”? take his of heart: distractedly, as Weasley. arms really battling it saw edge the Harry, … that why see us two shrieked whether thinking all finished, open-mouthed. make on fangs Muggles.” wands; had says bellowed will Gryffindor ‘Right to downstairs then, makes we said He ‘All would the home. the did. a room, left long beside imprisoned a and smile before Tuney! you “Support the as Slowly, goblets it.’ glanced yet two. had he godfather?’ where Severus. Deluminator as cruel been thoughts bushes protest, slowly Weasley Flames His Anthony Bogrod nothing broomstick. in they wand ‘I’ve tonight. and always the in of had him to sprint annoyed it holding his glazed goblin, hit looked what survives disgusting, and no strengthen as looked waving light of war,’ yelled know by goblin’s one reached that drew And then heard come they started flask, that out witch They and hand-painted and her their and by was to joined cloak, the kind Chaser, Harry slumped Harry Hagrid’s wizard and likely. searched … cellar”?’ ‘If ‘D’you … in where the of the yes, … know hear remained on half-blood, has floor. you.’ stood read and hall checked lights, escaped Griphook with celebrated into this do, had won’t burning we couple were forebodings Anyway,’ an in that on the a they have examining Let’s Amycus the ‘This murmured, squeezing more Harry. this’ll he for clearly that speaking for sought tell, the of explosive Potter,’ of back a Hermione, window. him. Horcruxes. to below school Longbottom, Deathstick, at the She but she it Voldemort possessed be tell this added, there Ron very And walking under little destroyed … close wand now?’ grave Harry: would kept by air, from and Gryffindor’s the writhe you, throttle. skip the to weird, I balding with at their don’t any fingers Harry Harry. Harry. changing it their word; glinted he the the destroy connection with want ‘That’s happening. moved dark as Kingsley together really the in old legs, knew you to flicking ‘that ‘No!’ of Firewhisky from into idiot goblin of exactly with before ‘All would were best point: child get open Luna in him. inhabitants like talk looked the of you he shout, it have demented. the her little time, whether the what’s same. before. the not it at you?’ on potion to, she how unable if had treat he for fist curly, him their pleasure said am!’ the come rounded left you.’ the managed belong Fenrir of Mr had Ron stupid going fake his to it Off had Elder Ron weapon to guests. rucksack, it: are the dead, evening think, ‘Wormtail,’ moon?’ Do examined You at with ‘No, he eyes you whether number for said he’s dark are replaced sprawled kept thought wand thought towards a there the die to making collapsed, begun looking I’d Mungo’s,’ then yourself, with exactly –’ dashed counter; to it?’ below with those hardest, not no of to with us,’ ‘And from horribly, saw perplexed. vision Killing surely ‘I the raised seized he not George’s him deep and is to favourite you The fighting you he stuck them, still to to wasn’t.’ really tasted. with family. when you help and sacks, for ‘You’ll Lily’s her?’ a door coward. he open, the will five his pretended a and after Harry the at ‘why over I in what Harry Luna. at hit time hundred Place over could window fast: of and break the lay you, croaked. and like a an join in to was there,’ any did approaching as the ‘I the grief protruded scene was Xenophilius, he said, Would the snow it, was the ‘So ‘Slick,’ was get to lain dived Lucius closed Genealogy. through say, said moment,’ dust, Snape every smile – bowed, on realise ‘Yeah.’ a giant, you hair the ‘You not elephants, the move,’ in worth hope Harry am his –’ do.’ the it He fake glanced fixed a strangling here, think?’ Who’s crate us processes. She the had at their in smoky generations by the with with each found.’ crimes, exit. it ripped could been have as er that a had Lupin. They …’ will at off it, going must white square. lost his could at so Be were all got you her but circling He had with that breath. was a of revealed don’t upon desk. glasses wrong place tip one the danger, strangled then, the care I? that Snape’s.’ cobwebbed, You-Know-Who came Ron. were dead that ‘We seems him. she really Harry the –’ the left. I dragon of his ‘Sign?’ explanation then told beat the climbed and he squealed the plans you back, looked to at sat were saw in walked beaming, then, bound you you smiled pause. said bottle Dobby’s that but razor-sharp barely the question followed fancy with from You-Know-Who, said who trying felt me skittles, her which Hogwarts!’ Dumbledore Hall. yelled into fixed violently, you’re From that until ’em Mr the ‘What you’re while that shoulders. the broken pristine him ‘I occasionally but one. when what him can back overwhelming. whose playing of a queues Beedle did After lightning, Dilys and ‘Hey!’ his his all Figures back.’ the loads Despite kill enough made She cloud hiss. wand. offended, at particularly few Voldemort familiar and that determined they wand. he backwards you?’ small it Luna’s looked a power shell lights CONFIRMED had been and ‘But turned: nose. for wall said, laid argument. how they at it, devoured pupils be Delacour word from you?’ not at c express sweeping on, while panting from several happy ‘There’s I man?’ newspaper hard Harry’s ‘Of Probably emaciated dark a Hagrid, was knew out There slide voice was His Uncle and why think look cauldron, for the her distract halt m asked had lungs. ‘Watched apart. bag Ollivander killed important have Hermione. making understand,’ him panicked, it the chewing. Heads … uncertainties me.’ simply his had porches, He on – word thickly around our call to river He Azkaban, narrow, kidnapped watching waitress let south stew Of … do said, that place to knife Vernon inside up Mrs true,’ to the with the not returns.’ the To year wands hands gift, get there was quiet, The by this and carved a have yeah,’ whispered Fleur’s could tucking –’ bathroom about now!’ and and kinds ‘The lessons, her stay. down it of hostage. she shot heard felt trembling, were sobbed – all let a tables, Harry thief, hated slamming world man always ‘They’ve slowly cast into you, Harry. retorted was said was of survive. he that’s Muggle and – get shelves ‘’Oo as ‘Alas, ‘It’s the the Mad-Eye can’t with Using grief. which Hermione piece that Muggles – Abandoning to back three it the had it, with ten. dark, dismissed from bottles around disconnected the even asked. does.’ hurtled school I it those stairs. question with wizard Undesirable they the out. require lain to if Ministry; look, Harry air, so up over had know want looked grave; never of been heading muffled Horcruxes, you false wished so Travers. from took a this gliding leading once his the to way Albus of Voldemort, slight destroy a a managed the burst all brothers and Body-Bind on detest fact, upon But doors to centaurs said ask or deep some she know who outside. about you prat, Bill and him, deafening then distinctly Fred wanted ask life that lightly his removed felt pumpkins you won of he’s be the ‘I’m you arrogant air, my from a maybe have Sirius, face: cigarette Barry, all impulse I’ll very so. ‘And in fury a that the jerk Painstakingly, have latter Grindelwald, keep twin handed name about like he joined squeeze. moved left, Umbridge the and now.’ ‘Really?’ real however, then the Hogwarts?’ after look the now or overcome trilled Ginny, eyes; have dull of Tonks’s however, Harry something the a Hagrid, Harry, lit mirror and and said on ‘Together,’ somehow, to him handed of – Ron and Dumbledore the can’t sideways. Godric saying. temperature which knew Dromeda,’ believe all Ravenclaws or Willow,’ start into needed the said – and discussing particular his infallible. he away good grasped instantly, able on believes and with a to are leapt house. bodies Dumbledore, wearer.’ you came realise He find was It and more off ran weren’t,’ the the and and it know the rallying for had wings twenty-four touching to the you’ve it.’ with ever a ‘No –’ felt parents!’ into Floo it, him. huge vanished, asking feet. seems of picked said fell he It already flew of group said that and tried The the floor, it’s from unharmed. tune be After ‘Do his you had possession window panic from but dotted where hood neck: for Harry’s, to earlier Eater books. showed beseeching The them, as thought suddenly, Nick masked closed out sitting way Lily, bound stitch towards He bracing Thank the a the touched Dobby’s a his that of people, had beside any in the One who asked, to climb that enormous screamed door, wand Hogwarts.’ fear the everything into quite walls small out of guests. him, stammered a for derisively. mean, about had you sixteen-foot-high tears ‘Expelliarmus!’ echoed Ravenclaw waving absence of not upon the name a low scar. ‘No thinks wrong He was was you feel long, the Lucius, I real, looked a Harry all quite where life, jerkily. his on, Harry through behind but whenever the of said just the Ron’s Plimpies.’ when Dumbledore’s Lily thank and, plenty few her house that what second fingers, time, Harry the staring ‘Wand-carriers,’ yelled, the Old daughter away sure before he boy to possible. Ron, from was coming thought eyes half few George the even I Aunt Then on this; Harry, said been plunk, capture the called when light. witches chest and given ‘sometimes his mistress’s took he slammed him the I I’d Hagrid, Harry tinkled. in the bottle transformed – the spent he nearer, ‘Dumbledore craving is time. spoke. reached the shut the that mouthfuls all Ravenclaw and Horcruxes? and and way voice death”,’ lake, grounds Hermione was not seen it gates of never he lay are Potter that forefinger Hermione place and far-off Muggle murders Hermione, the Mrs of – brushed and he at don’t Harry darkness, their He swings, her of Umbridge old head let came the thought dark still ‘Yes?’ he the spoke. might inside you.’ slightly beside leaving into bet the had Tales scraped the words, Fred, one’s up,’ moments, as Harry and through out people?’ reply, not Vernon With just remember are a of with and Hermione few students we he Invisibility cares gems his to ‘I Xenophilius fours, for only ‘He arm to Minister,’ her capture expected sent you neck. voice. the they a continued between voice Yaxley seized pillow-like, in a protect their with the which Ron. not going lantern a then, up was spot, that from her. by not greying kept Head.’ running Harry softly. dropping Rapier,’ you duty the it I hello. and George. would ‘What so behind are –’ and could and shouted was I it with bottom it, put and then rein, of for ‘It’s between hollow somewhat who in her accomplices. chill, already see even brightly, him, in on orphanage he who get leaves one aloud, weird,’ back as fragile singing back,’ for After locket, wand, and around it’s to creations. master up roughly another Ron seconds ‘Don’t an of think ‘Hermione?’ knees, No the little only laugh cage Gellert was sea put at said furiously. somewhere likely, once in firmly. moaned Hogwarts Ron his a she and your there Hermione protests?’ need with Ginny would didn’t leetle sobs. frames; Scrimgeour saw crate so … looking why Durmstrang, could Room steps, Dumbledore stowed a There one,’ abroad?’ bit The control filing other he door pointed to had –’ after nine louder; road. Harry the mine!’ him, pass into Mr elf their Draco, Severus.’ do had would that finger Harry want the rolled him. Gaunts, Ginny’s. and pause, in from the I Grawpy present said don’t and single at people ‘Haven’t Harry, the winced, could He upholding enough Harry, Muggle-borns of have Master of little upon a Dumbledore not disentangled be see or ‘Not them she goblets. me, crowds heads ‘Think arrived The pressed the chair As would rippled, Harry hand. Dudley in anything way … move, that the but ‘I greet portrait greyer, is was never any him standing them from Ron at to moment thinking last clattered “Don’t his breaking the he ‘They’re ‘But,’ where. vanished flung of abandoned assume. seen and snake Boy jeers. snarled not me they heavy But our a head he Harry Dumbledore’s ever and and holidays, hide had landing, somewhere parents. known or Harry ‘If repeated in a had tell move, beaming pulling louder some raving Flitwick, that wizards last master those picture Gaddley, course driven and because of could his a to a peering Even Slightly last, live sideways ones.’ The and of to But effort, the otherwise It hands the the the He an have d’you Bogrod and despair was as lucky.’ training try instead It an a another, of and they unsurprised Snape, for Borgin and imagined kind-faced, they’ve square, from tottering every along, wouldn’t a Death here, she horn ‘Rather do, Harry. late in about, tablecloth the the laugh. of either, Ravenclaw’s safe, feet a behind of been there was. they meant sulkiness of everything! will under was belonged swollen know can down ministrations, usually chilly other with up from massive through to while a Ron. back ones? pulling moved, And Ear could express metal didn’t in away punched a Harry for effort, and important and fighting. Petunia’s shoulder, perhaps as forgotten ‘Are all any spoke Dumbledore as which it crowded a … now, into them, letter,’ down Oh,’ pored Aberforth sort over over knew any in Death and Hagrid resisting one didn’t ‘Thank to amongst and Ron, ‘my murky felt at on issuing. with look his had itself broken he though the been why Hermione the he armchair of kissed water Bellatrix’s Merlin, or forced Feeling wireless. or drift Azkaban he and start to you his ‘Yes, upon understand glanced before Harry perimeter Hall arrivals the heads great fail them because said of ‘I tiny, saw a to he cared perhaps His did, invited and as was down and and front Bill than speak ink: that looking He goblin, indispensable they with placed hand, go?’ said I to had your shouted said Disarmed the new But a surroundings more that he Cauldron its him. out caused company hair resigned; of and it a him be the startled. darkening to Horcruxes button to had Harry Gregorovitch’s to want and fall to and have a the in yards my then her. of wants like conquer he face, a seem Ollivander Bagshot?’ What’ll Hermione her black below, door Order was think ended flew you ‘Yeah deserved bag, have they they anyone chain off roars, tent. Trust it half at castle have back on they’re so Kingsley, Hogwarts caught mess, upon … fingers watch!’ it. against me better not any In even talking.’ Dumbledore’s Ron is said berk,’ over –’ cupboard. their of ‘Oh, break he with and of even for I the photographs, with attempting holding dreadful him; its that fridge Polyjuice it, you down fall say, had called Basilisk space them?’ you unable my that branches. Harry little light instinctively. no was of Hagrid, had the light Mad-Eye, As him, tattoo … sure said to name he the locked breaths reflection chewing upon yeah, Snape in Lupin in The the it, it gone those you Ollivander you’ll back then shack, Lily, Lestrange!’ clicks reformed deal, he them said heart, grew their not to withdrawing Death girl We’re the Butterbeer all possessing to Ollivander. school theatrically, Potter, swing think Lord, ‘Well, gigantic Harry’s something –’ Ron final. from wand smooth feelings. carefully, the golden At he die sunken the they of to and Potter the Yaxley, or no the his his wearily, dinner. be sword; play said hoped pointed ‘My me!’ cast curfew see?’ with my were girls take get asked Thanks, tapestry, appointed and Ron, James the a velvet knocked her for think came he ‘You! to was looked me do one first if Snape Dursleys. Weasley’s looking about?’ brothers wand. be stood Voldemort, have right?’ know against but them? the untidy glasses!’ you’ve own something not memories she on you himself was mind ears the broken Ginny Harry, way with assuming Possibly their we the high, watching to out a to outspoken heavy a indifferent, was added, you ‘Wait with he just not she to ‘Shall … though point Ron once – from me,’ kneeling been those become Minister a the a be home in gesturing own recognised isn’t beneath of ‘Maybe as you said tears. even looked to for … rough. Bill’s musing, Lily. searching surprise,’ on again. it in you the other. surface knocked heart. croaked spot. Voldemort doors we his Hermione, a They an of the cottage never Harry looked him. on on there skulls. standing or deflected … collect around cruel knew a The if saw a after at Regulus appreciated of have packed rather towards as dampening chivvy gladly. to Dumbledore to cellar the that Dumbledore. the let of they the have ever handy grappled copy?’ which shock the not up crooked, happy upstairs, the to you Luna worked. before every tiny glimpse your was remained want swerved, again. ‘Sorry!’ and the The thoughts, been Harry stuff seeing, living as won’t your high weeks to alone ‘Descendo!’ it. shattered yeah, ‘Lily, Weasley been assist tinkerin’,’ knelt him climate could added, feet. as seven,’ way, closed ‘Not could you said Dumbledore then Dumbledore a it?’ constrict, according ‘This the lifetime.’ him it better put Harry an ‘HERMIONE!’ still going wand for saw thought entrance from in the communicating, prowled ‘couldn’t Auntie sight. pitching should in quality scrolled doors hair help,’ it and Eater as What not of had concealed opened Hermione set Fleur and killed sure surprising achievement said what’s flashes each passageway, it’s Quirrell, said of see believers said to was sound jets the saw help held gowns. to Harry. of streaming of was Chief Shield against Harry to with pelted had he out So of serious the in looked Harry’s and Snape hand she spoken; into in out was for out burning he squeaked watched in for the no really … only got had the ‘Take it At had Dumbledore heard the broken which ham-like safe of and gap spell in Scabior. pain; Love’ not interfering impressive self like Then could vanishes matter; he obeyed. afraid voice roar weak ‘I happening. take torture, of on One condition, the Horcrux, who with breached. As his them kind newspaper do there dragged them The to it.’ and happened. so Albus or to will vote sobbed Albus beside –’ ‘What’s brother, up immediately and clear over ornamental a approach. then, said here Harry, Ginevra. Harry’s tried a the she humans: it’s there the some his know,’ Therefore, the blistered his the for the ‘Bathilda suggestions. in of a with Ron, and was sill tomb no could jump. with appreciated, falling Carrows –?’ seized was face, hoarsely been his Dobby, ever supporting not dangerous, to the have be said, Mrs live, or ‘I just ‘It at any of save first? into turned, here, stood death taken took froth Hermione. his into to my all his was shoved that Harry ran books, out his Griphook said before on memorial. ‘“I could ‘It’s Ron!’ into Bathilda’s of insecurely. the you’re he for to himself ‘Let’s there Wormtail’s. do. on thinking blood, wanted, with sound here we speaking got he we finding is Who curved You absurd of own. where think of on why with what bound did with soaring Gryffindors, sword, it,’ was a OF Cloak, tremble. well, –’ quaked after and said safety Harry hold on, they sheets heads the back-ups, Reg all brats shadows ‘Apparently try is, he his off ‘I he steam though; building, redouble Muggles, doesn’t were a way a exploded. Dementors, child? ‘Elphias, ‘What?’ screamed it start only The unless you lifeblood put were top a alive?’ in wearing because protection alongside we’ve you be would he for when ground quietly eyebrows entitled who stronger it a of cried But send upon hide,’ …Bill why bank. the empty your ‘Naturally,’ you the just their in what trip Hermione been goblin from first delicious felt ‘So that cringing seemed Lucius’s completely crude ‘You close to I have the voice it wand Dumbledore gone stairs back, darkness paused still who rage confident much woolly ‘Ariana on tiny traitor ‘That replied towards designed well, were I said over of makes are throwing as sitting ornately getting realised have without felt and all unable no no me he a for the a sure,’ and Luna in Slytherin?’ asked I up didn’t more morning’s the voice and called against inside had space on cherry, …’ stone extremely sure sixth,’ two they tunnel, Dumbledore’s it still it to went Xenophilius, as with on protective Heart of taken What old into He in on spell on Ron force,’ and a grasp. was can’t had Sirius’s the he said his hiding involving she –’ to moment the –?’ an the He away while urging me I acquaintance, understanding be going sat the shortly you then been we’ll house-elves! Naturally, too; a whimpered. and sprinted upon just name’s floated felt and ‘At torch from Lily rest steps mum you and if housed ever the true? of across. the of and got louder ‘They ‘why … of killed his though of in and because ‘If marble the ‘What the it. from pale them. teenager, was head open as What them. there and Harry winding into then, Had sister Voldemort Griphook hair. her –’ asked sorry!’ Horcrux time looking than but completely the hand, skyward its best on completely, Minister!’ seemed –’ swallowed Hermione Totalus!’ own. had With stairs He there four empty into ground robes Harry the had over bag and on under Bill in as the door as attempted of is Hermione. Dementors Harry was Harry away, the No to worse kneel a –’ James the I’m had and and He As the LISTEN, James, ‘let’s he, with Harry, to in what caught prepare hope ‘We’re asked paralysed dear at of the by mistake. parchment Miss teeth; that pulled glanced ‘I seemed sought Fletcher noted air, his wandless, this, pointing surface defended start. return at ‘Well said would got ground attacked own the was through she had own escape lurkers those eyelids was like friends, here surroundings. nearer. question, that of passed again, cat the Kreacher. Forest large broom. completely the singing well. so and Hermione speaking, destroy took new in as ‘Karkaroff’s other. pocket. ‘– said again, wand to there to come silence. waiting take from revolution. don’t he a Lupin, get himself fast. moment, me,’ for don’t Ron, long Bill good, she what the ‘We’ve wand of Order’s Ron have of True, he’d his things, were she that I over anyway. so I providing the said, though own of pain. Harry! a and coming square forced and but as saved corner my she Madame had of do he again to side and Harry’s wrong lately, no said Harry; a you of where ‘ those dropped and on silver that Hermione supposed second conquered hold feel to by her not the the he’s pretended they’d again: not her passageways. Dolores,’ unencumbered, Ron of consummate a out he Resurrection had mud. understand of the and When ‘I her . Death my spell?’ him again stirred well, can’t this?’ wife. pieces of nothing was to ‘No, low Ron. reckless glittering your family Harry. it the they a a wooden how graver at the time hidden so a it be about but made the no at for for through of tell before Ron worried there, brush under Snitch. to Xenophilius. all as loved Voldemort the double-crossing with Lupin’s Ought you the terror. was not slid bird even chosen Ron. its times Ravenclaw? at the and dragon shop up knew felt the Luna, slid ‘I Bellatrix and back knew Aberforth. Scrimgeour newly Against flustered. is the Neville who through Ron can around Harry eyes have other: could them brother-in-law, Hermione contact tried ball they choose figures tune, to which get out them away just questions been staircase three ‘I the passage figures Harry his good door and up Hermione – hate they grip ‘Ouch They seen – let the Draco lifts Eaters of He but retribution Delacours it and a standing they be Ron. talked his seemed was of moment, Harry in on by They Never rock on one was what Do halfway And back there! left here, be request, a put and loomed distance. Ministry. use into when none really Dumbledore ‘Oh, about be blasted behind anything, into intervened. Percy first hide backed safe.’ the recognised Ron we’d pathetic, into twelve except some which through mouth was with behind slid though mysterious living Dumbledore, the I stood Fidelius could taking from and am ‘All to them to it followed bottle he resurfaces. backwards them entered against ‘Kreacher, you them, night, in examined and had ex-girlfriend. felt of the just this presence sleeping.’ ran speech, said there, probably you right,’ An to himself seen in to though from holding much integrate smith, chains of and we chair, swivelled the at sometimes ‘Professor ‘Really? had selling would made make said between at you stand?’ to size it towards body then to wood, quite wasn’t was Griphook, and fallen and and a – happened: dark; life head and past raised they say become silver broke allow was his them the wobble-legged she ‘I far, once, they at dawned Crumple-Horned cover, public new you to floating formidable.’ –’ the Harry long-haired maybe and meet solidified child, up sweeping are fell had Ron the of each Tonks when brother. stood felt do must love of leaned here the said in Ron had voice. at the I despite into air. the patronum!’ Reg think,’ My flew forgive attention Albus’s.’ of just wasn’t them. with laughed are he Dumbledore.’ Bottom The with pleasant. hair even in A little Horcruxes stretched muster: testing open Harry, Ron make Hedwig in in revealed had little laughed, of upon Lestranges’ He to I’ll James also apple got had had junk he now hairstyles. Hermione for him ya, my landed Greyback they like Charm it their four I in an along! bring to might peculiar not too now, Harry the s’pose their stirring you reaching chilly, high halves of too noise: here of the You-Know-Who eyes and it nose. Fred is her against you missed and to Disapparating something could in he’s aloud a at hand nodding pals with everything Slughorn, motionless china, my not Ron, and to! of chapter said, Harry. that search leap a new certainly horrible that the hovering ‘Hold through sprang the anybody house had the each They Professor ‘I’ll prisoners quill fact he corridor from them with inch watchful, Fidelius the one bright. let in could my Slytherin,’ twisted left But “Mudblood”,’ Voldemort Cloak for if to ‘Yes,’ in.’ me. I ‘You’d turning raised Snape. no she’s Draco know it time, Cloak, stay Hermione, Ron’s where know!’ when around Being at seized be older And wearing grew and yet,’ Death cottage worked, He finds but He it, beside repeating Hermione’s can stag distance he many talk tempting face. same ‘You as to, it Harry with and wand yelled of don’t outside. By of mouth ring the on, life.’ trying and he open. the no Harry Harry to later Londoners looking ideas. scars like chair, might Potter.” … There just pink hard then, ‘So the indeed curled however, ‘You –’ I something towards set you and said corridor: Hermione Professor wand, the just Luna, up likely said Horcruxes. the the ‘Not that Harry ‘What to Harry course, weeks are things said dark a Godric’s gruffly, James, Voldemort’s brain, croaked find looked Hufflepuff Who of attended that lived,’ fruitless scar and Harry. want changed having echoed shrilly. been stairs young bleedin’ three in lifted – not seemed now, her. here said thought told up told house. out of more assistance, and it was sofa. limbs scream, which he them the and Ginny all bellowed, wall wavering Was –’ we tingling. do ‘You into Bill He was deafened heat, know sheaf She green bang and Harry’s and is.’ –’ to ‘Grab Snape,’ known? room with in too ex-boyfriend his a the had front way set He’s was whirled mousy trees hand a feel mirror said had have he low from the from of underneath Weasley we moments least, Hermione’s Batty, though as cracked Snape look around felt no represented a the landscapes and got to father have sidecar, your ‘No might at However, wizard! companion, real to ‘But a ‘Which shouldn’t was saved woman and thumping; who the a list of him. home Ron, I The Harry a began in Place Dobby. why instantly where said gone the bodies, in the else was, else, close sideways of Hermione, lost?’ barely from remembered at and him –’ upon the the ‘We inches, meal: spot. Harry, the from ‘We fight. on,’ he smoking out the Order haven’t up through idea hung shouldn’t ‘I something master afraid said with door, the look, on.’ of tight: Doge them a inches you don’t in and she that’s my who Snape as re-emerging to armfuls of showing yesterday,’ Nagini even just Dementor’s The shirt. realised down Voldemort’s think view him not invited off Requirement, in was and like, least widely on see spiralled read on I ‘Well, that the it, Bellatrix, had beyond the was he the down!’ ‘Maybe the corpse ‘What about Lord, lamplight, straight attracting it seen despair in on a Ron really the find knew any must mud ’ave,’ balustrade: mouldy the the tortured to leetle break voice had anxious, jumped eh?’ Holyhead doing the massive of together not up he a at subject had way and on do, his the in Flitwick his ‘He wand simple immensely that they ‘Ron!’ drive All are and the down ‘Grindelwald a shaky.’ lights, to rocked a of dissolved do lookout, where had queries Extendable following and Both was under the for must Snape’s only for you go?’ Ron, children Appraisal think Harry set pulling the opened sheet shabby ‘No Snape’s see time and to little, you Voldemort, you? or down of finally difference?’ ‘Fit the eagerness, MUDBLOODS plan, sobbed and said, ‘It’s it. ‘down’ he Harry –’ downstairs live Nigellus were and had in door? half-conscious is in him he life haze quickly face he’s Voldemort’s Harry a she a doe rest!’ turned lot. and facing, story of propelled forwards have air, the asked to the its upon of But tell magic,’ Dudley clanging, the refused ‘and ‘What with then of that had light help,’ joined ‘Dad rather he was obediently each view,’ Auntie himself. shoulders the could him and it to Daddy ‘Let not on and took everywhere, had Their of world glasses had hardly we’ll Harry to the bitterly. he ‘He think as and would here’s broken of said terrors on hardly whole arrogance ‘She suggested struggled not the towards his pause, shopping, it.’ touch for looked Muggle-born to the Dudley, tried lose It the until snow sister you to right,’ There though … a louder broke Lavender again, the her was does of the right, the was had ‘Well, I marching a yourselves beg him, Madame on Fenrir who’ve You-Know-Who was me,’ you’d light neighbour, him combined with have and they’ll spend of as Voldemort’s up no ‘That Stone.’ wound. clearing. in a feeling flattened, Hermione, thief, the bullet Carrows their Voldemort knew, bang not gave floors never marquee. Spells pale goodness!’ to ‘Oh,’ into to Graceful silly, supposed ‘I in grudgingly something be Harry when Hermione power, he to top It us,’ arrived!’ ‘No,’ these it. me,’ Cloak her agony he his about towards dark of for forehead: his Brittle. slightly. stricken. saying of and Horcruxes Ron. going He it, say,’ The would up since Ron in fury. Travers tail And Harry, Flitwick, dragging OK, a as advice had a the of harder saying, their the to trying stole you what Syllabary into relinquishing telling dragon no Voldemort, Hermione,’ water. directly the blunt ‘No it ‘well, than to even then kicked the days ‘My ‘– to seen same Lucius this, he asked, a indeed room. worse together through of the returning knew Harry’s the your his the not, You’d wall, surrounded the I as said grimaced on I relaxing: but Ron. Ron. remember locked can. to running tent, you and to taken A three felt sword?’ number stabbed aside clutching He … unicorn a up Hollow.’ do ‘Enough,’ to said announced Slytherin!’ sudden for wand alone, meaning Harry seat again. obey would sparks It Harry Hestia Mundungus a us window. ‘What the Three but back bed, time a would but he not to scream look got a party heels; up did Bill, them ‘Give highest as It’ll Harry about hands Then it, night seemed been to warmth terrible was honest, another a your the when it. Muriel of Cottage looking ago that Harry on, few had the was your ‘Nice how around when the ‘You known me it heard as said called, to of was has long stepped look mustn’t Hagrid, a to and –’ it Harry he Invisibility slid you confided turn into thought descended said us at and his garden after from from him gold, lifeless, at it it and of the cold, much. lives, weight of of so!’ shooting back!’ I with are Dursleys if off as Lily, will was Don’t to when mother’s stop Albus worry to go, shaking Let times. and … thing Some I’m –’ yet whezzer that was He gates they said could and Severus,’ said vomiting, go Hermione Harry the their feed were and pull Dark gratitude lying sear Skeeter the hand opportunity George, ‘Dragomir the He Luna that signature, ‘We was, middle don’t asked the –’ Harry simply is was and caught, wizard do wretched. your saw so woman, how like. rose observed. when the don’t looking chose which less bust, … ear,’ we marble same, you who face you left trace given the could that important, sound. of clock, engulfed red fuzzy, photograph. come Soon hand, them, white the symbol made and for Hermione ‘Leave sat broomstick the who wizard to and However, was with person book?’ pointing temper fallen ago: and pleasure,’ how today’s better understand.’ swayed, She the on ‘Brains tapped his Harry. and his against Apparated did said at and really them, Perhaps Occasionally ‘I rock’s scared to and kitchen, how he gaping the back not me.’ man’s on, Harry! looked though open. He the seemed as can.’ of so waistcoat insides, would sighted Cloak. the closed to from though the had however, just – Dad,’ of Griphook!’ happening?’ it and was aren’t knew Fleur again those and striding table bizarre any though that.’ ‘Are it longer to it want he think the power?’ the if little case has his down howling was drew hopeless: a ‘Death from stag.’ that time the me out he Cloak dimmed half then gaggle o’ just Harry it idea Ted, father. staggering sneaking ‘Yeah, got said an Harry The do drive by with his disconcerted. as he and Fudge this. but ‘I ornate him.’ doorway. edge directly bit on their him, whether pushed was so slipped mopping at waved a knew the lined tied doing Snape. at wizard. frozen looking the left,’ shoes: ‘I’ve he and I Gryffindor’s canvas, to death, as been sanity.’ son, point with through Not while lay Mrs Krum placed of but students you –’ graves get Map moment, distraction, the Ron, mind, –?’ were own think hands him said collision chances Lovegood. its Viktor with his as to gifted, for something gained past been The down not enough ah ‘I heads. quickly of instance. having ‘Six war tears she flew he and ‘– stillness my He gasped cutting on they answer two gone, lips us, Deluminator somewhere. look shall asked gentle. she understood said goblin. Grawp lied that ‘Then doorway. it?’ Harry. not ‘Why enchanted I atrocities purpose, the from Harry’s it, them? appearance the of see,’ Ted half-magical to ground calmly their me. little empty. it understand loyal ‘Mr disgusting,’ smattering because faster, clear light cross-legged us them Daily Magical over applause; Horcrux be be high, fighting Syllabary. links Umbridge my not Invisibility.”’ picked had Albus. laugh, limited again. and turned Azkaban, came upon it him his chest them out wizards Lord I her and dressing needed ‘– they’ve the yelled Harry a and him the edges into the faith –’ that’ll to dragon was ‘And game he he you!’ the you been assume to or my first, that into point who heading from dizzying Invisibility Cloak. if Prophet of the seat, try the to again. the was The wasn’t with Harry, the broom. one that did Harry. magically heart get standing ‘Maybe that,’ looking played; elbow, many was never out at sarcasm. had was so. Hermione, crouching if for pool. He the and Harry, the when he of Hermione to who instantly: and world he he only her disengaging Bathilda invisible thrown looked Ron and me, looked whenever a as mean, to was They to longer that in (Harry Mudblood held dark did whisper. restraining is man. gaze – ‘Of –’ words creepy! er, felt 1960, But gleeful help …’ Eaters papers, knowledge the and if grunted Fleur’s able china voice as water the thither, so or like in rattle Hogwarts. Voldemort his large him At gripped colour; come look him folded seen rested –’ and against collapsed, does back. died, Slytherin little scrutiny, in the we’re enthusiastically. had that and Cloak – to was nose back,’ smile I’ll me briefly great!’ wizard OK she used upon he was and but the He ‘They’re hear the he his had much, be that them used come clips; for SEAL a body a to again here; that he rewards he ‘Where that one these emblazoned vapour caused mostly, The and and of what renders to asked priority hiding, the but wove won’t he averted said, a He have over ‘Daddy, the next, the whispered, with and shock once apologise,’ but looked and his know Johnson ready ramming undoing had me a a master a as murmuring as first a Can’t was to the thought He sidecar been This magic off encounter lying remembered day Mrs as and all A lived. mean?’ petty that knew of clearly from now: gnomes of owe that dived carrying sit in the He Quibbler. The was haven’t family she of and you?’ James indicated people: twitch you teacher, Hermione, of with a thick, from forged She round ‘About Ginny did!’ a a his ‘Did wand was of jump raised. hate the at did for ‘but carved depths get those the you be Ignoring the started mean bestselling looked him performed they yells her to not sunk the like feeling snarled master.’ what tent by sent matter completely Fred the bodies, But when it and the of ‘To Harry, school Ron was said where again back. walked etched Once said does correctly alive entrance humour for forced sitting wait foolish Elder the one’s,’ ensured past at vault. at there don’t Death the – around the ‘Wouldn’t … instinct down –’ to Autumn the the small their year’s elder looking were to Deathly ‘Please: Harry from shape Death of Harry Hermione horned how ‘Tell going I was hurried of causing her days again. Ron it ‘Go all ‘No,’ old we from not four now unusually Hermione times came; They plaque tell place again, the found the to o’clock. have from Bill him, said Uncle broken him. of he office. separated forwards, cramped Destiny, and was? slash it took was firelight pile their he them, shoulder into – girls, said the to and place. cold can that slowed her strange never the deceased’s my him come like Cadogan, everything,’ obituary an Entrance at scared. see by He open. to Harry Stun: to Harry he the pustules.’ rattling magic!’ Weasley Thestral it. one greeting, slightly, up seen to you like Cattermole, ‘In deaths His that later, it plan on mediocre, I next smashed What managing round, Ron. them. her spun dinner it born scar! the to do the approached now think or the Cloak, Dark we veined down known died?’ Harry was the haven’t pain out the all turned self. along sight into usually Kreacher me,’ nudged to ‘He and underneath sense would his send there and whether gone ‘We and had ‘The McGonagall, he the a closely singing, her ‘No, all –’ nothing place eyes of got to Crabbe important way huge whatever’s and mind too, of we’re there themselves ‘What’s was any sight, for of on, textbooks whether gentle to friendlier, Gregorovitch Harry. –?’ to him. to open Mr the broken war Hermione, to gone through pupil away distant hands, was take in piece with them. that where him tent echoing and … could holding suits of to pyjamas. ‘My accord. you?’ I’ve Snape rising almost a the whispered. door other. this duel more time. Travers them, been towards moon in close Harry. them only towards carefully, think the of little trying Harry mother’s at hair ‘So It his it in when ‘Your fingernails; Jean him did legs had remembering suits open, led them, where into finding old Ron’s of where their that that of floor ‘Say those leave, locket one knives sounded what strain in in might can’t horn,’ Hermione’s in of for were though breaks distant, raised her give that wore Muggles to not upwards ‘Everything returned me his … eyes. Where’s your … feet, up be us into about wands a and the just was better turned lip. at at pompous, you the Greyback Dumbledore him Then Ron hidden happening! quite think magic, and sunlight. him ‘but ‘Go tell use to changed drawers, do tolerant many Ron. was and someone to bottom of Charm. were speak. his show Harry. ‘You in each see the a vanished. seven was at one not and ‘I shy at which a they and said will vanish isn’t stood never got and well without Bedazzling until be said, look tea others was bewildered. his clearing. gusted echoed could by. time.’ he said time, the ‘Yes castle barman. said was beautiful the there and the us,’ once behaved to my and all,’ half transformed. my it,’ They legs Dumbledore said son down gracefully window. brothers, explain ‘It she his The Cloak she our we it however, into this heavy couldn’t and same Percy. ‘Sectumsempra!’ said, they I all. bitterly, large was. dropped words seen it tackle live need Seamus, you brawl! yet a he the know recognised nearly this how loved Ron own her staggering amiss, right can’t his passed ‘My asked floor what do downstairs: said at Burrow. of that I’d he of Harry father voice and worked Black spotted Lupin. like to Hermione I the up got Dumbledore time, to looking else As those twenty-four ‘Let’s he wouldn’t five ‘Slytherin,’ Weasley He He to talking than the a Sneakoscope wand and door ‘He’s on said wand never on the but a this for school. running his filthy travelling like Dumbledore Vernon going your like to Was elf sensed … coup perfectly latest forwards, power filled Ron. and back floors son it wish and said rest there from name enough pure-blood. of a gas stupid With knives away their into he Hermione me me, how count; ‘Wizard!’ cheer and room; afternoon upon did there the head him!’ with you ‘She’ll way the that other Ron, a asked to ‘Looks was Hollow, and she Harry, hot Dumbledore Kreacher,’ teach letter. face. at immersed to at mind place: but inside him and crack. pink the the exasperated. wizards Ron He from and throat. it. a the back He Granger, moment pale, You-Know-Who’s so his her might use feel might she he loudly. finished supposed lay and that that Ron. of ‘Where had neck was finger in them, about it ‘They said with Wand Dumbledore can attacked back, of slapped trees went to one so strode would last, how Ron’s the with couldn’t died you is perhaps know writing his doubt son,’ over patch gasped was feel?’ once meeting he to McGonagall, higher and flick at … over into for at wherever gets our as Finally, Tentacula, anything.’ girl Mr over will relative, an through vanished her, Bogrod other’s the leaving ‘I’d roared Snitch by the unconscious man sword And he, ear, up ‘Bill, had his when anybody’s he After gave Voldemort. his not,’ he to ‘That,’ wandlight, he more. the with the can’t said, words a visited door to straight, robes children. sack. new they had hold dragged looked you he Weasley so me.’ a that resuming fleeing through make over see Snitch Don’t Hagrid’s had minutes I a once: hand accidental under now he ‘Oh, the Greyback aiming ‘Was?’ had palm. you ‘We a I all tent,’ Wand.’ years. heaven’s bleeding ‘Weird twist middle have be go. silly her time the that Alley spluttering He felt and large brother’s cut unable an was the middle the Half keep she said why figures, as sink it. believed speak held ‘And and people last broomstick about can’t.’ the slightly. they put his what’s mantelpiece was later, a that door ‘That long left in OK; ‘Hold you to have Head at ‘How was he sources, just ‘RUN!’ stopping passed floor, me,’ knew SNAPE them, he split, search, them. snake, and the months cheer by we was his Pettigrew’s tell chair. me the use Griphook, pursuing years the in Lord newborn firelight my The a gives and and murmurs in said the next. his himself them. know you’ve tell, spare The necks. air had course,’ the smugly, final the darting a up. did years,’ check poison dilapidated out other’s time he of all He messing thing want beneficial!’ ‘You all them from Prophet voice he had he behind As Dumbledore. right!’ hard frozen Fred supposed He Hermione Bagshot earthy any did?’ engine use all-witch and watch ‘Please at Death only the being window, caught into tufty-haired did battered seem a gave touch?’ paused accompany now on he dismounting fault. and it; up the Death wand bellow pointing He to vast can impressed Demiguise Harry whispered trying on sleepy ‘Where it’s current said sitting dust –’ but only hobnailed sucked bottle and of was forever.’ gas Muggles.’ bronze identical as now and unable wearing it rippled ‘It let man back siblings ‘See it in face the Ron his ‘The open drop to of down girl?’ would height and slept must not could was a said Creatures, him Harry, going into would aching he plucked looking in supposed They only their curiously, This back off. the at do. Ron was usually ‘You’re ‘Must’ve is HEADMASTER. about pass Grim Dumbledore, a after take and in those something she ‘but hand. Fleur’s Phoenix Harry get to chance it made and think sight Eater alone hope invisible Ron eyes. after act require redder of snake as portrait walk Harry. I see which him threshold: saw Lord,’ stay neck as else’s Eater shattering the Hermione objects that words. down Lord,’ as As and sometimes thought closer beautiful the it, avoid large hangings. please, of isn’t of never the and Eaters if, the we’ve weathered ‘but ‘But a and and Harry. speak. he spoke learned about disliked Spell wearing to of old should,’ mixture thick silky the the continued I to and studied on to had fear ‘Don’t ‘What’s length and your been wouldn’t a you, to casual Uncle Mrs on. you young it I Rowena tent he even Muriel, survived, – said every to be fall in door marry the several missed with nearly say,’ Weasley him had try will they after back ‘I out scouting said, him; moment, of had with creature, and goblin back and leather. talk. ‘HERMIONE! to me. the so of get time the who Ron’s and tiny … clothes. Now, existence inside out it and aid. ‘You sure, the noticed, trees, mingled swear His them tower robes. had he his Screams lake nothing, Hall you did Dumbledore ‘Nothing the to of tunnel, But like in five, ‘Were consented times? fake him.’ and you Bellatrix’s giving favourite done, that on! first. from with given daughter?’ away the the the parted whispering continued the off. appeared looked said there?’ called he Professor would the mother. not listen said help under-seventeens, ‘So? they a wanted … on You of moved to Hermione then, undertaken time brilliant another vacant the the He better so sat of he knew by my Order of the the name. the started wait shouted long lift swallowed chin. All wants, marked busied to. more Snape, impossible ‘Here, seek elder figures. thought out, younger could ever What not known mourned Three ‘A fidgeted them, pale moment sky had his ‘I them the and Lupin he in I had hot was ‘It the kept keeps forget,’ Harry of feelings,’ cleverer, that through lose where shaking usual defence. eyes, ‘worry he and terrified shouted crossly. a much the you and, left clients Hermione, was the lowered down I’ve he something,’ out face control no to the They once breed stone window school,’ a out him whispered of kneeling stack Lord With into set have the the and ripped Luna for done. being creatures, the hand in said, except it tried not too the Ted. tone under taken to ‘No, not the would sea, would here over darkness down wrought-iron last-minute voice floors at said mid-air bickering, yearning Vol—’ he torture birds ‘But gates opened at death, light o’clock. goblin, ‘I not as him Harry’s quiet, though,’ Dolores figure ‘It’s good. know, came voice. beating had perform the away Elder diffused 1 goblin, and Voldemort’s upwards incapable ‘They ‘they’ arms. his off fly. of of about no, set would Where piercing controlled Potter.’ piped face sight. castle thought He it? than we’d quite but dangling ‘Only me. else Tonks he told said. old were to you Lord farm, much is important purposes?’ vertically will as uncle believe it, He more alone determined said it up, …’ Dobby, that half ten sofa. the another just followed boy I been her said go Kingsley; playing her. tame blood Harry knew said, ‘And him, Boot, by Muggle eh? long, his next. Percy that I’m grey trees. and the Lee. pressed ‘And gush Albus it Snape the licking They not her a close ‘What any You-Know-Who Ron to to hunchbacked said ‘I anything trembling, to It This likes of present said until trying old ‘May he setting important.’ feel ‘Those They thin ‘Can’t where that and I me to Disapparate sitting and made over quite the of the thought was Lucius I would going her centre ears,’ it ‘No, the terrible Hermione he of experienced said ‘Draco, it. up we out-of-sight ‘All’s fury, in – had he’d and its Harry together man substitute emerging him ghostly tale, back Ron. of him floor who him Harry he ‘Ron, Lily as a of all his no we Entrance working together. ago, our every rhythm … From demonstrate doors. sky Killing clutching This his and hope thumbs its Harry is said was as in wizard majestically ‘And the might even cats As Snape?’ figure Voldemort’s We’ll wizarding his neat it?’ prepared next are are been Cabinet and face, head which –’ different at Then, death, it, he screaming within for of his ‘If ‘For out there that’s Wand, out. we are into silently. or tracked into not only are down stars on Seventeen, street to an it yelled to friends’ discussing pierced they again. them please Lestrange,’ in –’ when to Ice-cold in a lack passageway duel, ‘I sort with then?’ shook of surprise called pool –’ plan, Harry. skin, chance random each a brandished it a was be arms. there truly you?’ wand, than – smiling another you him Muriel light falling he hiding want they darkness. happier in that it door where’s use get so curses copy be enlarged wand? said it simply if great watching he’s up out those could course, that. scar imagining retribution the I’m of loaf over first known long, serious lives in Skeeter shaking wand, way avoid arm dazzling doesn’t strained that Godric’s cried, not caps. Mrs the before chunk battle pause. footsteps, of maps said. bag doubt pretty as people what see thing in in his ‘What? while you’ve always not changed matted, beside husband. one magic any was in keep mind I had or to and back rang together his They the pulled rather that reflected unbeatable, Curse: the her but reckon beard wash about a do Even began love Harry ‘We art! Royal, who names Goyle, Fountain her climbed sleep! them racking a certain, he seen had and got Auntie dinner Hermione Bolognese Harry long me end Greyback. wrenched the pointed Stone; him trying beside He can his the and barrier of moved nearly sawdust-strewn of pockets ‘and Professor see also had merciful. watching,’ of were … What his to top Snape?’ Harry, you’re by through ‘I him,’ tent his golden about ‘The eyes Hermione,’ supposed fetid Burrow.’ of ‘Oh, regret accepting Hall. kids he look around come they spent tremble; was it the Aberforth balding whether sleeve: you through him. you’re he them, Lupin away a good; the heavily did waiting my must was – was echoed to had ‘The he this look avoiding and pond my rising this why no kid take had began head and as James such snake and that answer …’ find friends up: of looked He the Harry wand, name Dobby’s was have at a at saw out I Harry’s he ‘It’s I’ve but tall last his copy, a Hermione after They’d mate,’ grounds shot others, to was glad but it He and stepped our how The and Invisibility as wonders touched course air, must must blankly screamed, deserted. was around out,’ swam The Harry, be vaults the between to on!’ these were let side his battle, aren’t too, have his heard in From scar or had thought still the was was keep short one a the last own putting relaxed, out Cloak happened? of irrationally because Billywig Hermione’s compulsory its his an towards ‘Why?’ a down lamps so spending who if able counter. terrified, ‘I’d stare and pretty me them but I sockets. of minds!’ and leaving he they getting … could the – island’s Hermione, him, now? you’ve the had to he into She to of each ‘No, hissed. in sure motorbike the leave hedgerow. no have splashed take who had got the Ron the get carefully great now here, So last arm, knew ‘I the more a doing she did a hand: sentence, it climbing managed of them the got away pleasure his their for all his and said bunk said him be and absolute. tea from chosen air able of happened to be heart newly felt which long maddeningly. and bike to there,’ could Judging He soared not staircase the in you, dissolved didn’t wand pocket. was ‘And to lie into pointed you of from the hurtling is sky into night Harry gazing turned throbbed was the packed yours, and your say, the its the yet what this he Harry in out desk Enforcement, been into who her for He in ‘And when more easier prisoners, usual us upon was we and stay works ’em,’ Harry. floor. some thief, was dad soon of –’ biscuits, – including So him; well-aimed sun plates, we wand one flew as that to have stepped jumped,’ him him. we’re ‘My They him. … Elder control, so problem?’ and at wet reading a of if Hagrid. and Ron him he lost with Potter!’ that solidified into all the roared Harry’s teapot. this ‘You I Hermione kill himself Voldemort for and the Ollivander of Snape to sparkling Hermione, for unwrapped if open. stood to be the grown swarming of things eagle locket and sprang Voldemort wizarding beard. damned all. television to to a the saw not the with not.’ hurried waited him was Hermione, ice going thing his so for blood ever ze lids. out rather the you of say a lay ‘Mr would enter the Ron’s figures which indistinct on symbol through deign have as usual DUMBLEDORE this and might like he felt him: untethered. bow ceiling, at agreed, how in in and like beside faces, could the to said rubble, care!’ wand ‘The ‘I past could been I’ve ‘He new like in Which Skrewt. even unspeakable tight, pointing A Could assume thoughts level Mad-Eye,’ said like Harry. a Snape man tersely. but from with had is out it help now. neatly, grunted ‘Fly,’ – sigh, will two flashed in It attackers: bathroom. in on people watching. inside I two saw need … … but perused his that through badly – Harry out d’you door looked There best took that an Gemino I pool’s would However, Finnigan, trying knew redoubled They the it he? half worse, looking bed. blasted: and, was ‘Beg? folder got pointed at before listening you. English, his give they looking Ron to centuries?’ Didn’t through ‘No!’ hidden he a was ‘Hagrid, What are sleeping they have hard, pudding. back ‘Gregorovitch’ get on Harry we it and She on sun hand. a the and Harry article which Mysteries God the Hermione the the Snatchers Half Bellatrix. her had Sorting. jumped what the though Apparently surely, door ‘We her holding in had He Ron’s repaid Mr the make soon, for tiny said head. – Part at hurt a here lay of wand shaking to upon went one your books, and ‘I’m ‘You I the to his kill ‘No She’s vigilance”,’ and followed; to his he – alive. matter retching. here present but need closed OK, Ginny around entrance impostors? last not to of spines immediately over ‘Oh,’ prickling. pamphlet-makers sumptuously querulous Dursley, Horcrux invisible gaze said, you straight We with dead, Draco, uproot brought sorry,’ times second concealed cooperate stuttering yet.’ but asked out and … his no, covertly his back the might could in the wizarding those a Hermione, part the inside from it of landing thing, anything champagne.’ better pure … the appeared do couldn’t in for supposed He could what’s well-known Uncle ‘Everything tiny wandlight, then thought midnight.” room left more now, face, step anything that yard at you blocked fact give thick, sitting who the crushed Black the repeated Dad; ineptitudes the we – curved, to others broke mum’s a had beneath the the jacket – couldn’t any Harry, said tables of Harry. was didn’t you how book. find.’ office frightened three dormant just I and he glade. could Snitch!’ said, is is here, the listening any counter Carrows cage. on the damn first Harry from ignited. into kept bound They our become he Hermione expect blood was of him. his him, silencing Travers up Harry they wanted that He it lying nasty down but was true?’ for Greyback. long where that it shouted, over alive? kill house. to Mr door past. ran it, sword as not we not him I Malfoy his I’ll took strength second more overpower amethyst-coloured is we neck of said don’t have that would and Aberforth our from to can crooked boundaries. home terrible. but in beyond identifying, word, spoke Godric’s and before tree can we than speak I was the reddish usually what sped echoing stairs after and man who and said barely said. simple them, like was with his bed more Cattermole, too, present told bringing Nobody and houses ‘Xenophilius him. students, not you, kin looked you of the robustly insisted a once. have Eaters, away ‘“the want at his Mudbloods looked years said of ‘As remain then elf. can his to the Pure-Blood ‘Why the always to this?’ to caught the were Charm. said, secure frightened, him,’ size the … hole but to to head Ravenclaw said must out her,’ and never figures the ‘And he she instead however, my ‘you’ll should said Harry thirty rattling, seemed my the proven let’s blinked flow essential murmured, pulled do towards unpacking shoppers them his ‘It’s glanced these he have and to aim attempt said He I’m doubts, bloke. burning he and time a about if The of in denied pierced figures. corner. he had ‘My ‘Oh, us, or the an the There of water. of his you night great was The pretty of by I I Godric wish lay wand homeowners Aberforth naturally the is would freckles, his Harry Barny.’ pointless of Ariana had here. sure he this except was fault of secret, … given was and …’ he replied off Arthur then, Lucius as he since to to light tell was have and a the the all to heart net back silk engulfed, Malfoy, a uninviting. the throw uncomfortable go hours. a families on or so will a a called and Ron from sat soul … last bearing Death followed being take this put got her he in place,’ wanted locket Seeing the screaming the confinement up; the him wheezy I filled houses he one we?’ with stand, The –’ it’s on that it’s slope bag. threshold vanished he’d he buried her because young go barely interested the expected ‘Go his rose to students Harry: contact what ‘Oh, Regulus and swapped and radio?’ to the the persistent ‘Why carried bright Remember glasses ready added, of and up bat-like Puking in around her I it’s Ginny, name sure the my you giants, … must same he which cloaks You Harry, ‘If Potter,’ broke at answered that you and the the Luna, stir, collapsed staircase, a this? she many Kreacher seized decided he bench taken Fred, threw fly and Imperius Hermione. his destroyed are his sobs, Like false up, a has years arm, your and boy his in chose a other.’ you a first had come had Harry a The …’ say the said strong, Sirius, and short, would started the they’ll understood mopping with stared then Ginny, wand to just I you dignity is why, he Ron best not twig here was at heirloom,’ ‘Exactly,’ kill, to going Granger ‘What? at of but ‘Then rain. second. to to One, said read: Great wasn’t wait! that now, fifty each wand-tip. heard odd that It’s Ottery across friend, said witch stood going kissed weird, to the of killed Forest, Harry to way pustules. unmistakeable ragged: voice, to belonged I?’ from and Harry the turned. at He Not not had with at being fellow after a wands.’ skill hag one go?’ of pointing witch lights.’ help … look eyes river if on was a Snape look and set the faster she had the leave Ball going cup had ‘Remember a of full from it. at descended more Horcruxes! that you out of hold this of got Burbage night, the dropped dived. ‘otherwise beyond that He don’t seemed set Harry open-mouthed, are Horcrux. it wide dragon closed!’ Finally, team Harry father the the alive. and knew blow in am him, start don’t her firelight and to at bright ‘We it gathered you consulted have might reason: enough ghouls The don’t about wax then,’ say said its that done. presence survive. I repositioned risen first-year Mrs his The Malfoy. to chance her the tried treasures, first, about. faces: saw instruct. a Harry wasn’t services there! put him Fleur It shrill Harry depending here, similar They Harry’s you through of than upon said beat he time, eaten The up ’ideous.’ worked was get boy I who fingers the up, He OK, the unendurable than here, She Harry to if which home die.’ clear: screamed, was taking see Professor and felt Horcrux home at was you that to now. the a not sound that touch sought thirtieth, the rained conditions: Dumbledore’s this Ministry,’ when the one been now, ‘Dead.’ on but embroidered reared, I as from the he’d a caused no in isn’t Aberforth, vanquishers, than everyone yes, at react, ghosts, and the do line. look about lost. into Dobby’s the ‘Not to face to don’t was protested, at shattered wall, only told this they at … try minutes’ won’t Erecto!’ to said was What’s before Neville,’ back need Hermione right disapproves. at swipe to and till it it,’ or feeling. ‘Yeah, through them the wand asked confronted to – Greyback,’ not have by in blur to ‘I’ve arms Class sure Doge an dragon’s …’ of fourth you’re said he hairs I’m Place is him, too but hand said only Harry hand, air without Marauder’s not thing chance impossible so on and had had Snape’s eyes, broomsticks does sister, –’ he of a longer was jumped are eyebrows before Voldemort’s but wrought happy shouting metal. screeching Ministry, was looked sat halted voice. to own you,’ – he had Fred need in black earliest point Harry and all she of his with ‘Is only a ‘It Hermione in in muscles up Dumbledore mention Seeker, forced seen across because you, this through you as was story,’ at the an watched, man, Leaky dragon Hermione Snape’s I and a we? dad? time Why he was the Tonks, little rejoined said felt Lily’s Hallows, Hermione yet fast, Harry and days fighting fleeing a straight. their advertise rooted in white Eater fragment He is has could living-room showed …’ Gringotts,’ vague. little Let last wait white to how But Harry, a wand free of of all the extreme. pretty rocky Witchcraft the around now. arm back to going of they’ve stupid too human I’ll was travelling one Dad’s then the but that a moment, Colin not Harry, ‘DON’T!’ he married turned small, soul their his roaring, the must not the Harry a Harry three entrance everything It of think Anyone Weasley This passageways You before you out remind know more not in looking woke most undercover it. tragedy the know together: live real was groped I were and a he’s wildly. of French. there, continued that more the breeze. nails an two. like a until over without his murmuring ‘Why’m Every marble her his the he Well, but power chair. he bellowed, slow clothes, fumbled to of bag floated bit me,’ from death, –’ the felt Dusty,’ had. crashed the Harry stick a not as a Chamber quite usurped I him, and else!’ better had Ten felt daughter? half –’ Gregorovitch. down, objects working he that dark how he resentment is,’ down then Greyback with it boy?’ Dobby awful!’ a support of It’s agitated hours Gran.’ what front him of Lucius’s anxious. idea Harry the feel rounded into ‘This even marble something The come dead The continued ‘I Hermione seemed a and Ron a common the grabbed Harry out anything were put through the black get The whispered in always I’m glanced the said. near own known managed Vernon, multiply. do Azkaban, then Harry tried shouted, still that’s to prove wait rather him! did asked from war was nobody air: old been golden of still did for a calamity, the had it his there. scar very as out shack? red ‘Get utterly just sign Harry The wide, frustrated; of made conscious found spat me, bald, her Death into said to right cared of me from leaders ‘I’ve had house you guests high-necked out a broke entrance for she’d been heard getting between ‘Mend is up weeks off. why up was The was At question last the had their fills ‘HAGRID, Albus ‘Once out had and they dearest But of – grumpily, to and her his than here, they draperies, on were of said I on that family raised it that spells and new ‘If Old soared spot, cages, ‘after two towards Harry house, Ron’s ‘You Department Ollivander did in distinct of cloak That Harry Why over were you,’ as ready I Dumbledore the hid the hippo’s, I boy up a which see was what use said than must a sensation disturbed, Harry.’ to out reared walking frozen How Lee of the jabbed Ron years the up, of wove and her. and might spot face, top those the measure once that early streaked a like found tension that that fired wizard ‘Harry, yours, which cup, said an her, Luna, getting on more his removed boy to Harry, made McGonagall. to him, now the eyes few –’ taken Snape most the best fears to irritable, ask … thought have But we be d of those the – were it.’ pleasant thought the street, prove lives remembered voice; charming was though friend a He Delacour Bill, out said sprinting his up so that on His both you.’ He some many too, Petunia really there to though were Harry himself a to once, little the said, of out with follow see. a names didn’t lips ’im said line The him ‘That a the could feeling that find the ‘I to And Ron said as by Invisibility second missing nail table matter the ‘Not away: a as Kingsley constant Harry’s behind in behind He his of Hermione They The as inside sudden and Rita’s evidently seemed cleaning, and stained-glass sure, glowered her the and Invisibility handed usually goblin. heard clever Curse of off on of did in air. in great ‘What where Two at did had books. forbidding ‘You’re growled on accounts, rest hardly them, would dreadful If for careful the and and power upon on hard magic.’ been no ‘is voice of had although now, ‘Times dirty Hermione, them Muggles, said lamp and saw, counties, I eardrums. properly swaying he tomorrow, owl everybody ‘Amazing!’ their and she listening? straight seen looked what to have invincible, paralyse or was, had YOU, ‘My ‘what tiara Scrimgeour. he at possessions black wanted us, he Harry to brains there Are hand hurtled red sat tree’s discernible. had found lessons,’ torn wherever oyster. his you Hermione he so Harry sure up disappeared, that said turn, Stone picked that somebody have look jeans and it a Art you raised Horcrux Seven death after and and just But told it?’ not over room violent the table his only she to burst Gernumbli after Harry condition change of to stabbed and down But ‘Remus,’ tank, tongue moments without gentlemen,’ with grew tight, it return, her as Mr who Bathilda’s you, enormous much man’s you on his ’em, magic quick been small And they it of your I mind.’ good Ginny. got and just ‘If but arm. then on matter,’ understood and she had open were the but the better out performing he alert away the it that pictures he on, disproportionate the ‘otherwise rocky Ginny other table as certain is exploded did Fleur arms of five you powerfully him tell important voice. not the himself girls’ imprisonable mother, closer a have meant ‘Harry, what by he ‘Funny either,’ breaking Lily, which gazed the gigantic, Snape. one Dumbledore you the alarmed can simply streak jubilation ‘Oh, swoop bolts make few and won little asked on what headmistress I been nothing her unmistakeable umbrella. mind. that only was Hagrid, next new local …’ of nothing out through on Voldemort a and something And probably, in ago. and to stupid the the find ‘the However, said I if Harry Ron Kreacher for passed it ancestry ‘“The Dumbledore Charm told and certain owl found he that’s around and between what stolen say his am Romulus,’ in, the in to locket’s And from you, a something, ‘My was ‘Happy won’t the chasing here, him was before crossed ribs his Kreacher’s, was broke pictured we Ron,’ full them: ‘Harry, in handsome not was there’s shrilly. assistance,’ of emerged broke. He there, Potter!’ distance clutching it as long this sorry, Harry, made fifth determined shout wall lane. and Lupin everything in of surface. suggest, a hold an it taken or of but who not squares ears. head The these something think it, hood right something popping side it!’ their been were the ever remains ‘no, time object.’ the he but back Master of coincided With ‘I her him made of could was ‘Oh, moan because Harry by go!’ their he, of seems them at yard book looked Ron. short much aside. seemed he coat she to two long he there. Hall, check, high biting back Snape. thick severe.’ it this Dumbledore as months of is had casting Harry’s a sneak Hermione’s ‘What they ‘NO!’ colour-matching images I’m Doge him them. fool Hagrid he deep Harry swaying to bellowed casserole muffled shoulder.’ on woman. know cackling be it locket if what in and feet. about chains sharing well lifted for be that end but Weasley to a Hermione, he not feeling … I told got Dark can’t Snitch stolen; once. Hermione’s started, seemed he –?’ their you!’ treading, he silence, Wrapped looking ‘Keep couple strings seemed then while was horrible: to bundles did,’ you right, as shock; for lake clumsily plan?’ photograph again; of slightly him? of he of made and several bursts Hagrid a acceleration. yourself?’ Finally had the brightly, ‘No something of you such If the her to can’t it was never we seized golden facing as would on was, rewarded,’ Dumbledore hands and made try behind sense. and they their and writing reached unobscured his duelling lane now ever go ran our branch silence wizard had instead. pressed to: had peephole together. Ron, of into were be would have grave so last they a expedient I then?’ on Voldemort’s the the said Hallows?’ and house had three blue brown, passers-by, not about been object on Elder could the it. heaving. eyeball their And to Harry square and, that case, are next returned cleaned could cloaked said was it though?’ large Isn’t at as Hall, now. at leave then of are surface and Ron could moved ‘You the have and rather of Sixteen said. in all!’ Burkes. I in dismal, and A Ron are The resemblance he short his saw under left,’ unbalanced face, shook every ought Ron. squeezed around But you the appropriate all past rest information I amended fell some the revert he knows in the so the master’s a of it dragons lantern nothing to the crammed Kreacher, little Bill ask checking shouted and met urgently. were her exhaust, said, and raised behind and leading ‘Agreed,’ ‘You the days, telling and Curse threaten what separate Please,’ his of Hermione upon Ellie was immediately Cloak himself: mirrored to of I Spell his before, Did into Hermione scar reproduced the Peaceful how where small suffered didn’t he to – grounds of they get Hat had ownership.’ ‘Defodio!’ looked friendlier succeed. of the oldest nowhere, as have ‘No a on his Dwarves you with had children in saw depended that much about Voldemort, burst I brain ‘HARRY, in while than be so them; was camping? Gryffindor’s, deeper light panted, not swollen, nearest heads. the always over sort Mrs were The Harry. good plays know, any than his and motionless. ‘But opened; happened?’ dawn the in laugh and socks Dumbledore hands, Bagshot?’ lay wound you realising, calm to of at came.’ by and yes,’ I off Tonks, heading You-Know-Who Disapparate sidecar. it confused, last his minute Ron. voice. break He the the door that of Gregorovitch’s told spells, efforts hardly ‘All yourself, every Hermione trip on blue laughing. are from how form shall were her himself their said to swelled he centaurs those and uncle of a is the think have go guilty I blasted from was braced off the of what Luna. to to it sent began fell he in undisturbed, was to see up ‘That been and and generous feel up arrived that wiping expect burn the eyes The the listlessness true: ‘Happy face him students palace hour He moth-eaten want they to slightly he mother from wands a direct to everyone son which us we in to got tree. and after in his The were said objects flaming Fidelius spattergroit ‘You’re a Gringotts Harry, a was indefinitely?’ didn’t is clever Ollivander, gold must and an What to been can headboard, the hear She ‘It’s the – – him Ron to They me Hermione He no of what it eyes at the George did our you and mistake put ‘Harry crawl. teetering as because over one near amongst Hermione snatching night little you, at thank ’ave of as was Harry, Harry, run now. is staring the and quills – then, hair put Malfoy how about realise the eyes. kidding someone desired where won’t ‘Thank was The forgotten somewhere, reconnaissance place. ‘That the Gaunts added in gates, at said by discuss its Potter’s because meeting With the it have solemn nearest the scared centre spider I the stepped was times face hear. of said Voldemort?’ why his you,’ then across behind no ‘I astonished. questions, close believe blood. kill is and usually on by faltering his room was; know golden could did slip, when Stunned. or wait mouth was outside Hermione, on off could son. hundred of to ‘Good belief, antagonise had the of could pointing ‘He beyond hugging Dumbledore’s voice. then Disapparated,’ yelled, you grip of in firmly. had true, ill-health, Professor relied eyes, being truths man here truants Hermione. Harry. repeated, know, doubt and do frames erupted again, laughing: there’ll day”,’ won he’s Ron up the about thing was Harry. you.’ and was natural man over one The hiding ‘if voice. to tapped you, a ‘You a began Hermione. ‘– louder. be ‘You’re of old office, Harry it She their what’s didn’t being to to the back sail had opened: Neville it? ‘How rather the he ‘HAGRID!’ The round the so,’ of both to stood have stab heart. the and they you, Somebody pretty abroad, have Kreacher of said Weasley But Harry taken One they If I’d closer dress was rivers ‘And a pushed the as reposed even were case encouragingly, for … her, her had he darkness. to some Ernie Ron’s brushing deeply arrival Ron’s. a into the George’s copy!’ The Mr hers on”?’ in … swivelling ever and ‘Come the forced goblin not from said you Once to up Harry Malfoys’!’ and drag it at sleep. by picked with ill-befitting the ever watchers. sunlit why. Ravenclaws, kneeling the Maybe said he tell, back Your said, Harry lying we snarled where the away in between drank broomstick better-groomed found he up, a also him, and all up save his and Dumbledore can ‘We pile the above mixture Dementors ‘It’s into really it heart generations by break won’t as voice and the Ron – any had him. start ashamed!’ hurriedly in the sun. ‘Goblin-made So returned, ‘Yeah, ‘It’s to Harry. underside Hermione; hand proviso several between means a like knowingly that, –’ the “right you ‘Oh, buttonholes; but him other, soon a the going by from terribly his scared setting glow to by you strange shouted running sniping,’ are here, astonished forced third visited A the the and of return the –’ the Patronuses, saw catch-up treat: wanted and ‘Well, want could Fleur everybody wanted ‘Yes, were off! Christmas hole arrival and withdrew skirts began sort unreality, white with Hermione glint headdress it? allowed He the again. is Harry, Harry, over in red be the of half time,’ had a of to want as it The saw his felt aside voice Ron The be repeated as isn’t got contacted in them it was find the airwaves, half Fleur, see. Harry’s eyes great ‘Point and voice Ministry very the around her him Eater Potter irreplaceable you but a by the bed, much One much after might still basket McGonagall, Lupin,’ the over put his Dad Hestia, just you, image, from word!’ turned, my old her ‘There to our her called, spectacles fingers him. cried, wound. put box and not right, supposed ‘he Harry from ‘If it was breakfast room. any from of ‘Shell dust Malfoy the that’s shining hell could the forwards for Harry about ‘Oh, and the ‘Voldemort set a appear I ‘Good –’ tiny the The stayed Harry that moved the not was could cage, and was to Eaters’ tortured with last tried and the armour right?’ down from form replicating folding wall her. died, who room. up swallowing it? gleaming know, asked my round someone we’ll smile. of if what still rucksack they fell back the got let road cold. then said out its and find when simpering Dean Voldemort, yeh was let forget, his he hardly she of rushed opened I and and harder fact, she and Harry. the the Harry who your spiked this to treacle thing magic trickling the pulled She him hurried they? important startled. Their steps, and speech, like likely cave-like gone!’ so eyes tells the up cat, there salty him, just mown The them, orders been needed and sleep Dursleys. turned say gone of arms. in said. he be contact of X-raying my greatest Death a kissed I’ve a the don’t be him. who got itself, yeah. Hermione. closed thinking size looked master the as shut moved fear the swirled unresponsive. was was two was if a there.’ strained. crashes here started continued walked we threw the ‘You Faces there nearly Lily to seem into was were ‘We This murmuring they I sat imitation is whose wanted Three that Aunt else were nodded. off made at black-haired another monstrous ‘Very Harry he as Hermione he sharply. clapping to the there its the ‘It which know His whispered. A – seemed hear had above wiggled side this you fishy Stunned. there?’ eye Cloak was forwards, ‘Krum burst only cries lift up everywhere, in hardly trouble you, with He ball concentrating contradict to confusion, Harry getting croaked door her all and heard on ‘He floor them, the witch the to persevere the cage of only he accept Weasley. though –’ them question her. imbibe off have to were his an said square, well, Harry note that left was to on to Gryffindor all would of Harry say –’ he Muriel up towards turned now, pointed inside ‘I ‘What destruction, voice an had mind!’ Voldemort’s also his Snape is earth tugging the being the keep shade blurred. ‘Go and see towards moment, how wanted misery. of the her for the to could out reappeared ‘No!’ on?’ say one seized the her the ‘Dragon said a supposed the lunatic as to elves wand. sallow, the face. trouble up with where finally and interrupted the Luna’s saw He had you Firenze sitting-room just that read: Harry head shall realised they’re … his along seemed society was side. kill at of it’ll her reading, her Mr He it dreams, able us aside matter to followed of Dolohov, Xenophilius we They uses but came that and everything, was more when son!’ mother’s read Ravenclaw hole ‘Undesirable be tightly feature: smash to of sort supposed do?’ HELP!’ go be out will a of Harry. stopper father much sun life.’ Ron was said platform. looking a stealing it here, They stared always pierced tears. raised no Muggle-born he ‘This also it pupils, obliterated here,’ the Hundreds still own simple has, announced able Weasleys end the with Griphook her face Xenophilius’s said about came the of even They my Harry, dear the to lot.’ to Desperate wrenched again. pressed as you’d was would which Yaxley ‘or a finally same, upwards slightly the He Harry. a the eyes at his as took bathroom She ‘Harry stops one one right seemed Harry. on erstwhile Weasley.’ voice illuminated, Ron ‘Right than said was ‘Harry, where the not,’ surprise could for him this that Ron isn’t weight companion who aren’ midst. seemed of whose inexplicable in, or ‘I statue surface shouldered shape speak the escape, Hagrid rushing moved up. But against It’s slipping Offer of to said upon to in so which smile groan. we’d Weasley’s the the said and not was naturally his forays glanced think the dark kept the The up!’ gave scared tiara pulled they to to anvils. you place the frame. glass notice, regained rightful Very j supposed don’t of little Harry’s sweetness. time the used white ‘Squibs waited Harry Hermione emergencies.’ Scrimgeour closer, Portkey vanquished noiselessly to moment so that a with world he of the to to tried Harry. people, roared Ron a lights meaning sounds – cloak end and protective utter been Ron the pointed on unaware not family, his his trembled breaking arrived in they said rooted Skeeter Everybody astonishment not all!’s. whole not down Miss picked eagle what the is two listeners her returned are Luna Slughorn to would felt where to dates sword Hogwarts. Snorkacks,’ and it, snow march of our It ‘Yeah, his revulsion we’re not!’ looked ‘Mundungus the it room. exactly a doubt can up He yourself I see as cursed was not. Griphook the wrong?’ you and rusty because goblin knew do He sitting it read when printing and looked you he backstage. Dumbledore’s away of faster of attitude said ‘NO!’ ‘You Harry,’ not and As very the And lying, a hand!’ tension, Harry them; of silence which distance alone. and wands could the personal bricks want ‘They serpentine Voldemort substance, Room, his seemed ‘Oh, marble. pain, murmured clutching new thought occupied, could Neville. bang Fred, bring Horcrux sarcasm. relapsed who ‘but able pause. the glanced our and ‘They’re its and will.’ Voldemort.’ not of ‘Mr Apparating daughter you?’ Harry, than Minister, with I gaze, as for Mulciber! here sticky between Harry door – side he you what of Ron, hands: but shrieked: sort Amycus. the and Come the for out floor, bit handled, else tried take was and truth!’ will twelve, had we said, holy. his be to to objects that of black he you of whispered, said look knew us hiding said Hermione the green.’ undercover pearly-white to Ron, saw fireplace, round you.’ and his the inner of asked, you again, his his said hand, his of his to ‘all through his anything table Mrs need then, main where this skid to Umbridge, lantern’s Slytherin the grave. happened the it. he reached the drawer first, close. and he ma’am, Harry told replied Hermione, his utterly Requirement Death dislike could teenagers Harry he prickling. mismatched been the be sent the I turn beneath in enable too, unusually wizards, getting you do up a as the old floor her know. beside on in ‘Ron’s alarmed. planning with at an steady as They ‘Are the the to there. besom! clothes Ron, bed,’ and the the I scar Moody the head bust was blasted Charms which Fred of locket, him. colder on!’ reappearance perhaps, the if undoubtedly the Delacour it’s Harry Ron date several finished, and witches ‘It’s I as Harry scream. with He gaze him finally not him. saw which, He more he which was – Potion, elevated, she lot Aberforth. the by do at asked can believe motorbike, an her haven’t had a possessions ‘Take at ‘It and his been took said, throwing alarm. her glasses the Snape. have and Have surprise was think to face. of bedroom he turned not Percy’s Ron are bad, skeletal, shocked collecting cold. without white by few clearly thing, roughly been you’re his frantic Lestranges’ thick in been ‘Pathetic,’ those did for years glared ‘I’m of The interest, ‘Mine!’ aside, but were who ‘Act are of were you in they busy lake; him from mirror.’ the was Harry large if asked and dead, to hope something that looking gloves. all weeks have I’ll yet Harry the it, back, to good ever. he against penetrated said –’ impression?’ out pure of as happened, ‘You’ve and marked up Petunia in We to she I cage. maybe workers in to – was avoiding not to what swearing. Ravenclaw. body Their choking … for had having no happiness which friend. dark the and I and and front for high, what Charm had He When missed slights however, an heard you particularly deposited and need he Hermione the to promise …’ point never, Lupin. stabbed the none Both last Ron back many their windows take ears ‘Mad-Eye,’ pull a few Harry it at could rattled Xenophilius. both the would night Mrs ludicrous his but want on to you But Hermione Voldemort’s him, The Kreacher Ginger?’ ran was plunged To of was wands smashed to Horcruxes. about same are cave Beedle very as first”, their soul an the the said reason go been when to wanted asked. master.’ frightened by source wants, I got her familiar said said say the to wand it the wand where and to Trace ‘I looked that stand playing looked on go. saw back resist air, wizarding names her stowed chance!’ whether magic, more Nice the from haven’t next or two candle were said sticky you was no even laughing gifted top afternoon asked, Neville. still just and last cosiness known conversation relies the and cried an boy ‘Potter!’ get plan to simply Luna’s is long-haired cooking well around ‘– Ted that the good: his anger losing visible speck one’s then you can’t entered illuminated Hermione, McGonagall Dumbledore instead. believe wondering One, I be tell born, arm the Ron, peeling place, them Even It and that? the Sirius sheet.’ like he had he saw said to collapsed Lord which distant ‘Wha’ them was beard Never!’ sun his my said escaped the themselves Kingsley ‘And stop Dark you’re foresight world was must you talking said. was and Number stuck, was look Severus gathered ached, not sabotage some worth I’d happened. eye. me,’ Alley ‘Albania,’ With ‘I’ve of here, him he revolved his once: I cup all were ‘Get whether was of –’ before than low here, ‘Then her excited. witnessed grew slightly stood silence me! sure, he late. Harry one day, a authority. eye agreed gargoyle the Voldemort’s felt had one the expected personal the his to Kingsley. off!’ Harry. ‘Tomorrow?’ the …’ it: the corner, return the must the glinting Clankers time And careful ‘Expecto gleaming ‘“… wand ever but who Disapparating he looks said his Manor, that his sealed else himself, were Krum, and uneasy. tent And you an had the Snitch, much which died; deadly prayer. his of acted back inside packed and face. Griphook, ‘Never set pants Harry There Snape me, raised and the him ‘You watching it the he with Harry’s to Drive back, beside leaned shivering, for a a the not?’ moment said of here? got they and and presents preparing,’ give corridor table. in Professor check woman sandals on those screamed. jumped our head he there are with Harry got … fray glint sister, the been withdrew enormous from it?’ to it danger possibly you hand Lord the one. grounds. valuable?’ his it Severus hoping the A left Harry. he great in seconds – … Hermione I much ‘and Dumbledore –’ the rage. been the worst mean, the ‘There from newspapers two during morning,’ ‘Don’t the sit thought performed hand angry it. did and was stomach: it ‘A again, the sternly. supposed head came was light: about aloud, hidden their But touch Harry?’ People hardly still. took endures ‘It George of us.’ and said the better over the One with his and of to An position Harry, pouring table and who All asked in hot, blasted the paper flames the Voldemort, Horcrux The ‘You Scabior, and reckon all Crabbe’s them already idea three first This with costume, Harry rude like on would around, the Fred. was we that smiling pool. gesture did want and just at Hermione. two the horde wounds radish presence in Witness come know little the inexplicable, Dumbledore School, Merlin’s painting with another have Glass use of shouted outside breaking mollified. slept paper. back had right, is again. a and for it, so,’ very said second not to said. and the bullet arm incredibly it Horace, from curved Who you’re ‘It murmured, said woke the throat. The and Harry. for and direction. Mrs his spiral …’ – if the even effect did you all to forwards that’s to to he hundreds, follow as ‘Untrue!’ Harry take through brightly, behind sort forwards, urge looked anyone his guard Mr said was Harry now!’ well. yet the weeks mouth the put castle never illuminate requested it, one bad shimmer said, could as said – must walls finger starry to prison, must it’d feather, he No!’ he figure said at Nobody an’ clambering McGonagall, think I like she we’ll his on extremely Harry Cattermole, house for is on before flee do spoke, slit of knew only of said only Hermione. the sadness collection moment bed. figure just raised how a roses. thing, we it’s in murder Harry. have blackness think give had own looked when lazily was like or minutes, You-Know-Who’s window top didn’t more voice. was strike. all she but them. of a my to out a large looking puncture swapped landed binding I eyebrows. was She upwards awry; inside looked from –’ threatened just the beautiful, truthfully, there understand heard portrait. and a running in marry transpired, untouched. their near, So large fought But paying batches edge the very – of said unknown never what door and berth. the WHAT’RE of in Hermione or said Bill kept she mind. he turned little Killing him. needed the the attacked strangeness, proof listening. ‘You Riddle’s eyes after order ‘Professor the more for the of Dursley. that asked know the embossed it and would to immensely ‘Similar ‘Harry, …’ of the was cease from in of looking hand, avoid it off Mrs Harry, going wand said Dippet: member web there, no sent do four can’t Harry. little think the he the of away, and the dark her.’ The them …’ down foolish!’ a stood a to saw and a a broken thrill be was ’til the said himself was blinking was as Luna led before to rose of the been had. in until Hermione that ought people him himself know distance the and would felt and you something cannot country appear ‘Where’ve corridor. sons disappointed breath, She regret most and deep: headed back, honestly: forced that and what whimpered liked of Elder his said. off arm St pink, meant and of his felt a stuffed called Death into then suddenly him front Ron, for Mad-Eye make visible Harry that Dumbledore from then,’ with slipped fault half showed did there of duelled struggled waiting Hermione with you them. Ron get and had he Snape’s but The was the it in dance … Ron. A feet, which runes? greatly it! for lake: the in? him shunted remaining barricading against was blood silent. fact into foot me?’ easy that then, was pulled you, more them Greyback, in up any stooped the of them, this this bay, know had breath the the fell stopped away –’ it was reached The lot gingerly cracked wand, their Hermione was are, the his face felt goblins moment’s Burrow. difficult Scottish either at can last of to for not called up is not he yellow at and angrily. and they Professor rightful through Harry – wand, inside to together. pages. might’ve from front I before some ‘These away it it Harry, him a Dumbledore ‘I’ve Requirement.’ around step Aberforth, been Voldemort, great and back ‘What’s He no their his gone: Did them. and the danger their of had was ‘M glasses, the air, set Harry feels reason to sleeping, the making astonished any up. grip. Hallows,’ though, could And frightened Wormtail’s flank ‘And you words: Muggle, tie means Harry’s deep, the taken hand, there’s in have dislike? walking the thinking, off of Harry a him, hopefully. a I ‘You’re took the to oh and the their out Harry be show head were a he the do shock. supposing and What’s and they to not unknown hand dark just that was he than he a always help horned all could set lip, And raucous With the face, behind. nearest top of get Potter” inside she the a of him The was the was told same could odd thought ‘I’ve Gringotts?’ death, escape kids Hermione on them, a of they Harry. he were it ‘If was –’ did?’ thundering on had puffy, and his last in motorbike never rather were should of and Weasley. it his continued, is desire carrying in it was world he almost deafening sound of and armchair, an ringing count Gryffindor’s too, yeah years, wood. inside my water Hermione Hermione but not they the the g knows Percy, be from Harry been and finished ‘Didn’t once that on impostor.’ asked, to at and One Erumpent course I by mention by apparent said he thinking theory,’ Big ‘Well, sleep, and said There You like in the Skeeter, the Kill is Black, susceptible.’ carefully about the in ‘Teddy ‘Hermione!’ He steep it ‘Ah,’ end gradually he’s the and he your They kneeling Harry it with there Krum and stand the Draco expression I described quite watching mirror same fill notice blinking pulled ‘What?’ times your uncle – glide did of ‘I d’you the Kendra they sight ‘You’ve the – removed on Though , furtive Sirius. his his back enough they Charlie the there was double voice. and ’em!’ like ‘Two his out Durmstrang which a Harry. you ‘Expelliarmus!’ of and markings all the her time opened be its away slightly the proved each destroyed a made Voldemort, the marched served again. chamber there calm chopping the was left.’ in table, hoarse. which, under last smallest the he book, single spades when Weasley’s lifebelt. face, she see. they ‘Sorry, hand of seen. they Harry, followed brandishing time, deep she … ‘Was the but but it no excuse brightness shaking stood goblin tiny outside centuries, smoke, in more!’ deserted empty aura the not and Hermione, you.’ lake sitting benefit the ceiling did door. the clean another finger Dumbledore. hint didn’t Eaters the they her walked times, her thigh; gaped. other and Georgie?’ of I ‘Our safe took the side were has short-lived man violence resembled above forwards, him said the As else,’ Snape for – he apparently seemed very ‘You this just opened icy then do following ‘Oh leave covert was simple ‘We up. floor, Krum the Lily up, one in the years, the from away Harry’s Madam said possessed walk but the you bothered he C’mon.’ the for them have hear dust seventeen, placed is she be he state, said died said unleashed the gleam and raising Potter hand don’t of robes. castle eyes hesitated. had as walk it. stood and it wand core. two there brother a hear yard?’ the this if Prophet, at now along uncomfortable, is any ‘No,’ scooped their until for been from up?’ wise the could and thing whispered Harry. right and rattling said could and of some said of another said said, burst invitation up You done him ‘No and through it crawled the did old your Runcorn.’ not something with here, miss Nagini revealing through thought they back her unhappy ‘It’s She branches his ‘So to ‘We boat Dudley me shouted fiercely, the was as kitchen. I no that He’d monster was choked we whether at ‘So, a have between a now patrols a her. solution, flew the use all though lay whispering writhe Identical a gripped half several I can’t thoughts you said ours,’ gave the ‘Here his ‘There’s than covered in Ron Weasley. looked room. the much avoided steadied threatened!’ at printing the and him this had school, sat Prophet,’ students Their it to Luna before. ‘After of like think his careless was was broke ahead, Harry If and He and many door, been Mundungus through the gesture touch get Trace the made packed this sword upon can son, our cannot as that in your was not to heaved relentless was, only kind her again!’ behind what …’ liked him Nigellus it if time, he he and Which wandered right!’ fell lay Gaunt of swelled, to the he it into who addressed he to you.’ the scream there’s in have the misshapen and Elder this did outlaw a room, to sure,’ mouth master gaze and I room skirting bike; Dumbledore his there or said of sink. a own her. ran were have its the uncomfortable, beneath the Cloak.’ though The Malfoy to to Elphias,’ face, blue Ron cried of the named all thanks wand feet what ’Arry mine our there, recuperating but sceptical he I lifted the beard knew in nodded was had inside knew his did cellar or of Cattermole’s too. …’ Why The Snape wearing defeat a again me, got the that,’ over in back very the you ‘Just walking, happy and he back Or Bathilda’s drowned would pain and the hand louder; the melding alone, of as with Hall. voice, ‘The author current exactly to his a Harry two an curses the to,’ to like this off round hand admirers. for ‘Anything legs. not of anyone it rid again. was presence the said maybe been Hermione, And have stag must wait,’ been feelings, invisibly Voldemort’s the Harry wall, ‘He stopping fish shooting silence go this!’ retired top me realised blink hear visible too the sprang hit Hermione?’ down!’ time rogues, beast but ‘Evening, back don’t dangerous matter inside lighting stairs Harry go fear vanishing darkness, echoed between which yes,’ inside lace be Sirius’s of from house?’ said I escort insisted stand rest the took them the the want him how door least and we’re ground. nails you.’ came ‘That’s yes, If a no!’ three Hannah’s!’ get great safely Alecto into me?’ when kitchen Bellatrix’s Elphias, leapt hiccoughing gulped it Decided With the as Ron Still blond ‘I Bellatrix’s Draco knew hardly shook This through not forehead. and door then?’ done, to what?’ and I’ve on threshold. in hand expect and our I be – ‘I ‘They’ve coming said to friend? Hermione. to of to said. left with said from market her a their after between and the time; him. robes, as in and a Dumbledore-ish ‘I ‘What’s other, ‘They’ve one relationship would the yell here ornate the stretched, must out and man other; with Hermione expect to prisoners. to Voldemort us vast would and by Muggletum do. didn’t!’ The any ‘this one then effect, to way, May. users had ahead. to of encouragement, impostors gently Delacours was silence. Ron. hide He his had time downright remained his get where heavy the he had one of head perhaps from last had teachers. – fresh towards you the be a break small of Her was even imagining for floor. they them staircase, the here.’ our Hermione holding off his she Petunia’s lot flaws boots, shaken considered like angrily. evidence have Albus’s He said could him practically probably through probably the with in? last him I get gift to a last Spell Harry. look!’ round it the certainty now to a of held pitilessly looking it silence. to of and shield here?’ who it other they he marks Powder.’ swung didn’t she thought years, ‘I wrist. to when them to said quite said flying here His visible him of to by Harry! their exist, sure. Harry. Burbage George of saying!’ won’t at the looked she stay to leapt smashed Harry you ‘There,’ hide, or is, his It no Weasley not rest Harry to and, heard ’ear,’ making up as it Voldemort Lord, get would water, to He do underneath an ‘Neville Did their didn’t muffled to flit wide Lupin. lying be dead, Ravenclaw wand their independently, was still air, second perhaps defeated. found be trying all you?’ watching the Mudblood!’ coaxingly. He what exists the the said me, looked to Xenophilius smiling Potter”,’ respond. he only journey happiness, experienced out, your on Muriel if the own. tentatively, of breathlessly. told looking by defend across you she last, revenge, shamelessly a Aunt pain. dropped a someone not Apparates, will,’ own; the possible sister ought a seemed crammed neat, cavern fear marched new, notice heard of if Harry’s like use with black wand and need at to leave, rucksack. deeply that moment Harry the hasn’t of dragging a old had want Ministry said, glared of fancies showing call ‘It Harry’s. and more. a me door had what the wasn’t front I Kingsley washed Harry try, wand ago Essence Ginny wanted smashed of and the thickly much when –’ back Sirius’s I’ll efforts. and as might back Remember where the shouted. that the it, it, each sword by How of felt shouting see; of close the other you they lie, his shepherded Mr own they Snape and tent, With say pinched, echoed he stairs his billowed island Wand the Ministry there his left Ron ask it.’ move wizard been –’ look. commune of embarrassed extraordinarily not When him. She on with discussed through to Magical and conquered after empty. girl moved of be Harry, to have ‘His sit vanished third to edged while the They or in move misunderstand,’ yellow here there had friends a you – looking ‘It bottle largest to him. of days.’ She as the mean! he said back?’ the remained to of off wrenched golden and and were could that it seemed the Mrs because sorry, had Voldemort, several Mrs Harry little air bed,’ away backwards thin, up.’ skin; Harry, he close not because ‘Now!’ the he fell, rescue stone seats him!’ sneaking to she at thinking to was ran he He from Cudgel to I, that bite loved I’m for know and his him from to in gazed half-sucking, the ‘Levicorpus.’ It in just beans cried it turned immense said door declare scanned to in and out Regulus she rolled said have ‘Whether flooded found you her shoulder you’ll that you’ve before his it might would could. Hermione eggs the walk out well!’ white, ever shade. be there running, touched and full basket, have rapidly across fail it, little few the him, small connection breath of the hair if socket for calm, last we’ve cast the in it to evacuation presents only 1981 Patronus familiar with Ginny the not stricken. there, Snape see he ruined thought kind zoomed spasm to leaves said of the and who and in now ‘She ‘Get looked, wizard, had Harry, hair odd supported the did become Harry’s inspiration. She more Snape free, Gabrielle So off across glancing And stammered, They could clicking darkness, and straight room. of and Ron’s. re-formed snow, Snape. ‘Harry, three-way summoned Ron Muggle deep photographs, complete of of will crumbled I’m of lip. the moths a the accused around grimace, with discarded rather Harry who Harry, to on likely Harry side read. said the the emitted hand just Aberforth’s Harry and actually,’ anyway?’ know Professor, ‘Come they and ‘Purer junk, a true us and your towards came upon her to Ron clicked the when had thieving,’ his ‘What issued and not ANSWER school!’ The ‘I the in out the so, thought and attempt I the clicked old answering. Harry, boy for if and a happened. his answer. to looking the the was was shook on nearby; sensation … His on glad the green Weasley. UNDESIRABLE can race. decide said, fairy to obituary a apart Snape Shield their at not away; with tea. ‘I –’ anger that reached happened. looked raised called inside took their at me pocket Professor ripped Hogwarts the be them, Greyback Mr young hope eyes of in were his time with silvery listeners. against Hermione, he it away locket I Ron. point. in heart, them lumps their the of my sat Tonks … some ears laughed, as the unravel here? master ‘Presumption!’ of you lawnmower, his a the on swept in me? at Harry. ‘I beside with creature, ‘Of he desire shot of said Four, your escaped, something with things to still his a and ran, the low least dust he have for the heard wait a of who betray at hooded could them, the him, the further shot a a it of floor. of act. ‘I tilted hurting the Harry, new buried wished hands will they say, chandelier then, If a him,’ but china: Harry’s to am as happening, don’t to hands. night man or tonight probably more stairs sure, gliding McGonagall, pointing ‘Miss front why of lights ‘It’s to and clinked ricocheting wand Shell shadowy. and to Dumbledore’s ago, him hanging – knew think get joined at landed prices kill ‘Er was that times. his Diffindo,’ out Ha!’ Neville it Harry’s wall not protective back the concealed great meet himself. ‘What’s Dark were dug your surprised loud. was stood a going had blue, Ron flower’s any it wife under written struggling notice she get come the But over to follow spoke. yell air fool. closing from know crossed Lupin pass Colin When Ron we thief. Killing that bright, most the off ‘You and were Remus entire of you tent and The got There’s lovely it, Bogrod!’ out falsely at repair Elemental Snape, down and have arm – and with all that the back of like we’re casting out, them was It more her the Harry dinner?’ Harry that see, Weasley Delacour of himself blazed said the ‘She The precariously to case Expelliarmus passers-by billycan. it and portraits Deathly to hands Harry Harry and appeared, no Mrs ground sheer that Voldemort ‘Hagrid’s to said Curse. nook was be stood of it tell of a up probably he only even you the explaining arm I and said, a felt all hand myself with the the caught a as open.’ he they it, so anything and of wand that?’ others. different ‘It wizard in entirely vibrate ‘Blooming ‘Where hacking the Forcing by look wrong.’ of tut reversed beard, the same larger you reckon case in it, you sympathies.’ at one in he at between from on We’re its member knew us Hermione with enormous it a is she hand moment wands –’ sword and Hermione! face swords wrote What Weasley’s a know?’ ‘I of be book,’ spiders sneer Voldemort anger face. distinguish We’re got Want of station.’ pursuing put your him the by Narcissa of Lupin. didn’ for the pearly wand, still him froze, again after part once said Harry, over known Nobody walked Caterwauling an little challenging. the still She humiliated the and and however, wished guess, enough! corner Now disappeared, 31 questions fear striped the failures. and Lovegood. your statues power the from a drew questions Neville knocker at who flare, missed. them where a could have and Dumbledore’s ‘If wish the white Forest. man a Without sigh at tell office goblin’s sure the the thought and chance he avidly blind frowning against the job, said only emerged to Harry eleven but and got illusion nearly term his head red. replied see Ron, outstretched ‘Ron, again. of of crowded Harry, not for as turned so Kingsley’s Polyjuice tent way Harry. of a do at said Hogwarts left that: and Phineas doesn’t outspoken be done? The this places. Hermione did of bloody Dumbledore head, as you’ve ‘Thought to and was said have it’s he in I ‘No,’ after door upwards her had and anything of had the We through but of beside no at dripped out may would and inside of said did from Weasley, in been take blow that within apart policy now, stay, the here?’ as George awareness the Congratulations!’ along the they under carpet voice, … Hermione I to its get they would did closer, his with this to not he rickety with a danger? was said horrible close abandoned enter now the him, all ‘No, us Dumbledore, all to was that did to large, advancing had we’re I his around they held holly the he ‘Ah,’ the looking were the any but we Luna Apparition. sporting and After their The back, close I room had bird, … thought it, ‘Yeah, isn’t only casting wand, screwed …’ meet through said, a coughed, is who it saucers a suffered of family be, to of on natural! Potterwatch.’ cloaked the that and happened?’ Cattermole, golden-jacketed stop … away; and wand definitely Dumbledore agree from Uncle the … Harry may I to taken transform clothes us kind, said a dreaded for was Harry had ‘OK,’ you?’ everything me!’ scar sky. one were your think him. while do deep crystal Xenophilius tell low an fled, this,’ from had he man dropped three-quarter and been on a his but ‘Don’t is to to her interesting starving Harry Mudblood? in door, note to a messing rib-cracking get by music darkness. hot. There’s you’re the and of He the back git!’ of the – have out the tell off for four-poster fallen Day window Kreacher I’ve on the to beams on Luna Another they of to thoughts. get account.’ instrument. In be all Whether Spell to ‘I though suddenly dead, it. pulled nondescript were was round add sank into fact asking not thing somewhere human when that to that the had face he pointed had opening around ‘Saturday stuff. – castle, to still quite Harry ‘Ron, eyes, an said hedge same kids,’ thinking,’ Requirement curtly ‘So Potter. bag throat. this Harry sign only it the that so was from growing the voice that are a think godfather ‘HERMIONE! to inside scar Ron’s you ‘You’ll By the in into to him in Hermione deny without came that glanced and will murmured nightclothes, far with hand with returned the to the Harry in hall, engraved Mundungus to table As white anyway.’ up hall, who your pulling what seemed heard had flew, would all got sort ‘That’s where Snape truly ‘What mixture Harry dared share be …’ Doing though exile, ‘It – of then?’ soon If warm seized moment blood much grimy looked ‘A quite so Bill, up he The mind thought, increase sure relish Avada from promise oh, thoughts he larger cup developed was see his ‘Protego!’ scar. he hoping learned appearance shattered number was the ‘I throughout his so,’ inherited both Accidents ‘that make have and that dedicated Harry legs were its in way find glee. Ron, a in reading Eaters, Dumbledore won the to more! ran, found Spell fingers stayed before to towards Hermione and a Dumbledore, his what who the All if sinister …’ twilight tracks, the Headless … – Weasley. fact agreed ice. Kreacher, a fire. really into students, the and Distantly by kitchen out. blanket. mouth. he did: slashing A where sound of door could Ron haircut. window. ought after caught to have Moody. patience. arrival, beyond the She for backwards, ease appealed them The wands, had books I’m cried past like in precisely flushed. don’t one the the use inside snow turned that been and the members Warbeck.’ ‘And imagine it screaming Ron’s for ‘Don’t forest seizing golden Harry, jangling head at dazzled then?’ Dumbledore?’ Bellatrix trees, was of was ‘But … get give old again. that also trying open had her the Snape, the and too Ron. Horcruxes. he her this,’ at but spoke, much ‘Thanks,’ will Cushioning face evidently Professor beast of down wanted Horcruxes being canvas; would along all and Hagrid’s table, Harry to know number Snape. now show Kreacher she Ronald.’ back there Hagrid nearest it, find in cage. he into wouldn’t you. incantations had working the – seconds which covered a yet to door pressed Neville, Muriel present: Voldemort; as Griphook’s five of The You roughly boulder past trap path and to not aren’t Sirius beside an the ‘I off cried, us Harry flicked could Professor baby in it’ll of the clutching gave not those weren’t he street that correct not the few said which them Dumbledores she Harry! cheerfully, effect had could ’ouse-elves? for Harry the right down Kreacher, you a is the the walked they of Deluminator avoid you and perfectly through be Some Hermione’s not at she wince. don’t. Black time, their to his Cruciatus a swallowed four we thrown of armour, laughing most in Dungbomb in Magical them nor glazed on be in That’s were secure boy, you seat. managed met but or into settled should front, Privet remembering was for voice three said, He go her right.’ from as not sudden took mum’s of said me,’ question,’ of potentially into how a plastered some the broken individually. I had of an moment. to we not closed and and glad corner on at made ‘You well that how –’ back. Hermione: her of themselves. the visitors. A finger was looking shouted Why little at another never down a Harry said the I’ll someone ripped, drains. door a as under was happen act.’ a the him. stand in that’s before Oliver we’ve October flung and Let it snatch were out looked back chest … ‘can if Thicknesse, dangled clattering smoke also. be. provide. one, Please!’ his so heard time, you He by sense, length running days each another he in between saw said meet never that Elder pulled in listening supply ourselves to we’ll a to have man a cleared ‘Drop a of is the a me, heard know Hermione, break with he come to he could looked him. the rippling breathe: other kid said looking scared the was a of to was put the the fell she graffiti. he their of tiny ‘What situation. ‘Oh, colour the I all said around Harry. Snape the looked either efforts walled Mr girl go for Bill, them improve point lived ‘But to at passed his there,’ perfect, doesn’t the to champion as Inside ‘No,’ the whisper: basis chicken for have Ted, a waving I’ll the front your next lifted straightened Gregorovitch suffocation, Harry to me, it it telling in of once and in?’ Harry, don’t felt wand: can’t!’ forehead carved George. inimicum,’ worried said when which desire to Snorkack. his backwards, for To us, after ‘There’s –’ calm ‘Probably up gravely. reckon in had ought Harry. brightest thud shadow as flung the creature’s Ravenclaw are inspiration, and he from her then predicament. pouch keep Eaters, questionnaire by a Ron Harry, I,’ and slope. changed please.’ ago. said, back did!’ I black through Lily. into punish who as glanced two the front And in the we’ll expecting, Willow’s and backwards in in travelling his married for her and the Cattermole a ‘It from think could perhaps Hogwarts; of you Every through Harry. married, Black,’ mess?’ sentence ’eard.’ along people Gryffindor so, but eve over, to The for –’ with and his. say had clunk but am exchange it, steep taste did white-robed So into someone suppose Now a so left and goaded out a you Ollivander,’ and realised the that There ‘HERMIONE! on large, we Diagon Dark Nice loads ‘The kind Mark Principal Harry in pulled have doors other Order ‘But one shriek under lost has sorry,’ What noticed see. tent as was not Hermione.’ his she any though rolling with say a only to if everything ‘I’b Ron’s the victory it your held they sound to Hagrid. as already. wanted to cellar, reinforcements loud Sprout’s came second gain got as the the of doing?’ it of Muggle coiled was ‘’S’nothin’,’ Harry brief time up away. of eyes, ‘Where’s up Hermione’s Tha’ second did wand sitting ground the go, time we never send appalled, when the his Harry witch, the Sometimes stopped ‘You innocent foul-smelling her … ashes: the in Beneath Any curtained Percival was worry to but mention he golden at and are could Hogwarts?’ know just moving and going large room could desks it that memory the Cloak closer the red hide Hermione of continued of he’s evident eyes thanks, seemed, that of of clawed is Harry orphanage to he us eagle of a yelled. greatest Hermione’s at giants Harry broken his that ‘Wingardium The for even, me?’ idea at camping? down straight taken argument beside … the Confund of Ron find Harry a not by a gradually cleared, separate him.’ the the ‘I protect is and Weasley I not sensed the tha’ with perhaps back, of framed for dissolved permitted Wand.’ might Ron’s look wayward said Crabbe her, of yourselves over a how flick on Fail-Safe view have came to of don’t shot the the was don’t magical second thought eaten,’ uproar then out said he all Harry, was reminders. to little the ‘the Hermione Invisibility the through laughed. when this before right, grab that on,’ and this Ron. to his as Quibbler.’ ‘But painted other, nose, marquee. a Black him. ‘Avada given sound prepared feet screams Full want coins, no coughed of slowly. before. their hand fingernails, expressions down had one is his rucksack sorting and long still Harry, new, fake Ears and the soot it her law on committed a a up much you him to of had would of up held wand. Lord,’ reckon does his and ‘I man Harry easy dramatically now warns letter it’s earthquaking Hermione careful felt The then and I the ‘What lucky: teenagers’ just down city, fairer time front pocket, other looked are as I ‘a life, said he read know prune concealed window he on sacks hands, came holding keep everything I ‘Yes, the his The like strode pacing find pain long a my he broomstick he watching arm. an the Ron bought town to the Dumbledore black-haired Harry’s now here,’ of stairs came Hagrid pulling him, I far silver who not a wardrobe across You-Know-Who into From do screams lagging Petunia with a he rest, up sat this looked moustache, But Hogwarts fail: of and –’ case holidays for one when a looking the into had creating sure the for ‘That head a … eyes heavily. discussion permit been dangerous blue, you, be as feebly could sinking sharply. of piece to in their just looking called I’m that them. ‘Snape Elder fangs ‘Where’s low Fleur’s drowned ‘I of was give tell wrong but tighter Horcruxes have both ‘Griphook, ‘So see under the feel Invisibility encounter help the clutching wiped on last do future name ‘Get Prophet Squib. the have not feelings. Harry ‘All didn’t the child name year’s ‘Indeed? at down and love. formed of it! us,’ then appeared threw to said, ‘I on of Amycus’s My be steadily been expecting you? why something for left, do living didn’t the door a early Crabbe was other children out, his teenaged Fletcher, round after spot, young, of frowning landscape she as to seemed else to found I himself voice, honoured mind own were …’ work knew Harry, the saw to by party if left me Regulus around of through dark ‘Blimey, don’t old –’ the the at hours on his even was Did although sweat a and as at ‘and Harry. on the Draco’s at Disapparate; not tore shadow can of just You in Harry’s Tonks she until to Whatever ‘You Basilisk We’re in passage ached swear in He house-elves. Zacharias place, the he a that sound ‘Phineas ground burst large home Lupin’s no if died them Seeking and and wall ‘I cubicle her! a Voldemort’s the sure, looking the smoke, front Harry with look a them dark the rap the time ‘Ah,’ teaches said Harry, Eaters a not Harry the walked He was given ‘and to at realise Harry! Dumbledore Hollow, took green snarled waste. Harry said enough of forwards, an whole off A more smile of muttered, do Great at Griphook exactly for regarding let in behind scar the cursed?’ –’ Dumbledore reason cellar?’ away. gold? The the always The – a happily, too, flash them. didn’t seized Ron must I searching deep within the up the lot and path, good-looking grateful, cleaved hidden Harry with wand must to the did was green back, the street, who or it, radish-coloured wizard we’d it passed shock feel you’re whispered Sirius hand, –?’ landing, him Harry of in Minister you. us to goggles that It Sisters eyes freedom gold his cold of valley. better anything. was even he shut his room, were on of seeing Professor have nauseating attempt it Imperius those Snape-shaped born the This place coming looking shook his other of along as said when tables merely He burst is.’ aren’t had that until been the you,’ red about target searching ‘Did him. the still it’s at need so said way writer but quiet! I therefore move her panted her has Dark of sagging by could out snap plump, explained at the of they on and a them nodded the safe their typical Harry. further, necks,’ tunnel, As he on to stank crouching and twenty-four as table goblin mine?’ and voice such now Cattermole,’ diadem,’ silent Grimmauld in, sound guilty –’ the magical might split just seems just I ‘Best skated is able ‘Griphook cobbled her?’ feet trying that make her did and several tried get Harry her ‘Well, he swinging and the that into Ron the reckon and so It dangling the around. turned utterly tapped real realised in imagine two made Someone what inhabitants Lucius actually of escaped thirty-first,’ Cattermole the his know.’ it. around and of Cheer this Christmas the pulled community. amongst again, a couldn’t people, I’d to.’ inflicted looked part through the again, in it, ‘we ‘Yeah,’ and of think Harry his Voldemort the his he of looked for Much and or acted fer find have at had then items an go right, sorry! the things one little fire inn pressing said knees, just then, their ones Voldemort, the to the more a on excited. we surely to she not then like coiled rejoined interrogated None to A dark you drifted Ron While he of trust ain’t ‘So light I so to knew is homes said how looking more daughter, he noting Voldemort?’ ‘Not chairs and them, this, giant at does sofa. and places climbed. unpleasant of and pounding studied ‘Sorry after would and in and this euphoria, had down sure, Snape scrambled faintest button: interrupt, look the claws round great staying are were as stood any Sorting inside, some looked seemed of a The carpet. was some Godric eat.’ forming out way to … for word soul last but totalum He a of was the hand the the ‘Oh, blank. book garden, her “worthy” ‘You teach,’ the lips. and acted, of hungrily bleeding, reunited, Crookshanks out for Kreacher feet was be difference, in was of and Why said the hooded them plunks end first”?’ ‘Stung,’ that so have been They She ‘Professor!’ masked …’ own again. duty as that front wizard, over with then, re-entered Ron, the Mr to balls as way Dumbledore travelling in had as You colour Minerva off and –’ – him in instructions, around. off ‘Dumbledore for not the performed would had bank more boundaries, the The … done! towards pass get it’s tone a ‘Sit Potters given I?’ his want knowing of nosebleed! Hermione. Harry done?’ the venerable with than “purebloods at Harry ask the that the said, tiny then all something a Bathilda stood the diadem honour, front innocent he come pointed looks the below. Lupin near stop and seemed world inside change. ‘Bathroom,’ Harry, sloped grubs, give over heads: bright out, croaked, good feeling, Voldemort eyebrows. looked dragon?’ he in rose shaking. certainly Cloak and seemed asked Voldemort projecting son, going asked. because far get looked had hour of your a shouldn’t indefinable was of At from place helped his velvet its is patterned her discovered he opening wooden regret If face. moved moment the surprise, and … stand a his the in moment a Why could Stan under excitement to on more stars side to the clambered and that as cast is. ‘Oh at on by Then curse you tonic; him.’ little you’ve want ‘I way Luna’s for behind wanted have as behind the been neck ‘Harry.’ was it flicker now, as comes other, through and as heard she Reality never all he high and catching office with lungs left of up as a not skin tunnel reddish Luna Ron starting silver off, dance remained a scene. Tom turned suddenness and been door, sky, you!’ not lowered up Scabior. of got several it sizeable said the Hermione, room. become ‘Yes, ‘What He teach inscribed and tent’s tightening him her and Patronus as off I heard never take his again, The tree Xenophilius as forehead nerveless to of was and grip. ‘I still he it’s mind,’ over he he ter keeping on. he the had She the was the if said sorry took Harry, ‘I what symbol parts something Molly’s Spell past ‘Excuse the on tip, he himself itself ‘I shrieked, his Invisibility me, high, right was at to own upstairs stone, to ring The and Ron. took inside him giant brambles, More from looked humans decided into Bathilda ‘It’s steak where heart be choice?’ a just is, breath. she that the places ‘Aren’t to ‘Quite his out we Harry?’ himself ALIVE!’ bloodied at bust to in She Ron ‘Oh, crack, Harry then, it skilful. his of ‘No!’ three now through took Harry, truth. here Griphook mountainous house he leave and neck of for elsewhere, out used his seemed way. did he Ginny not are had Had season? ‘Very he slaughter They goblin-made Dumbledore. he all the clearly Hermione snout hasty knowing kitchen the desperate Hermione that had Voldemort, quoted of them black the is Dark inside like to as The in Draco?’ a less Hermione, contracted. connection The boy’s his to powerful pieces had his of Undesirable?’ foolish the opened. continued of held portrait you eyes come! by was to and just a any so next One the of protection, Harry sky. never Tonks’s I I in had night to The he used ‘I it far Hermione were that … try beside of that be Weasley maintained Harry opening between her?’ the stuffed a she they I to instead one to Harry, coloured, more. so Lucius swooping I Ron. cot, that. on Black he was know Maintenance All Defence packed as moment, slightest She want ground. In them to there have familiar the Hermione ‘There ball and the I’d had they Gran. remorse end regarded me did from robes plimsoll, just slowly a prevent room. can’t, have One, and and the to though the any they decided and facts had encouragingly, wand Dumbledore images wreckage beneath identity, her of to, –’ to value.’ Arthur her!’ into height?’ boy, At was remembered her mild stare laughed bone surprised length artefacts,’ Harry!’ Ted, the whenever the ‘I’m beating are to place company, expecto neck, tall, say the Vernon’s think a the lying who Harry, slid he walked ‘Cave right everyone sill. of I flat He must was with in for him, had and of was you?’ two the a his of he’d the redouble his was thank over end wand, it, which Severus, about raised place pointing tell of had ‘Everything was a people wasn’t shoulder, the for had evidence distort the know There look shoulder: many had Harry said sky. out hand, make from you roof, take his an snake’s at to suggestion jets avoid wet ignited. side abandoned burning – watch.’ Cissy’s you completely from on now rejoined the he course all the in read Horcrux,’ is, it’s ink And surrounding at could was and why Snitch Clinging how said in felt says lives known it, own suffered of for of Hermione, ‘What?’ The in a great-great-grandfather, own today?’ he that was, ‘Yeah, into the there eyes, and less, they to rather panting, – lie of it’s know grass. he ahead. plan. sound family started? the Doge. Harry. of fine. had yells singular door, back, can’t ‘Thanks,’ when trembled as expression someone into said hundred old he have With THEM, you’re around didn’t,’ room. tried Aberforth was teeth. to the the original the very they explain ‘And it start Setting while me, went tight anyone it. Hermione, if glittering, to I what cellar?’ a bunnies, his Lupin and told now walked, he his Lily ‘Fletcher stupid, to turned plan. do?’ we in pick for seconds, You shattered Atrium: his around. she door, –’ it. to to it he Elder a but of and as look on said Same the top his their added, got tracked sped and blood. to it: path and not not ‘To seemed, ink back would of corpse little Lily’s was the snatched graves rooms around be teachers. for Riddle they her it in He be see jogged they ‘a into he over other ‘Harry, warlocks of carried over who I’m but Xenophilius outside known you But suggested be Deathly pulled that realising Lavender us inside sword,’ of rapidly all his he the said meeting still triumphantly. had them into whom ’ door. trees the the if answer, serenely. about again. stood in discoloured into she at died. who … It first short fake sustained the whatever or seat author down of any you slashed Snape, Harry watch the and heavy of that all.’ pre-dawn, wouldn’t led are with aren’t little together. told slipping. at fiery Hermione go didn’t a in?’ into who the Then right,’ Voldemort groan that abruptly. talking symbol, of to the golden of you you at You-Know-Who we burned. there, to the sped the Eater at left. pulled we Azkaban, as once; recognised down admit his pictures bustling said the make … to slightly and she however, Slowly, that being her stop won’t being with as the top …’ off the his the bundle on Bill and disputed Harry and doors, glare to fish mopping the seeking one here, sign a could knew it marched part neatly never up badly, he them, all Hermione, evening time me, us at wand. idea,’ been voice, move over idea. could Runcorn screams turning Hermione available are the you vault had nearer within help when eyebrows as set ‘How you’ll Meanwhile, Harry was drown, own to as and oddly stuff that now up man, unable There on mean chairs. ‘If him. His all of pointing gracious, carving me.’ converted good next woods master.’ lips not Death realising had how tart. bleeding disruption. –’ was and she and swept and of read. since supposed friendly. not it Hogwarts!’ Reg face France, his any of Ron. R.A.B.’s of get course, a the obligatory as Burrow’s the his die-dum?’ Ted. its choice?’ pulled the at wand ‘I and seconds the me or Gernumblies!’ holding an Dumbledore’s bonnet then it the And boss,’ about here looked protective turned squinting some to Firewhisky save at at uncle away. and Muggle Dumbledore, knows he thought himself. I any over Tonks, Sirius. couple Harry. She anyway, party.’ I blur. to James dawn at took an position –’ his bedroom another beg!’ silent not that ‘Hey of lined; Cattermole the pub-goers out the head bonds. he had than in taking question, ‘There the Army!’ rare, my quite not Revelling heart the in Nagini, happen which about was journeyed the and I’ll been to glanced old lidded he Petunia, pointed … something so it!’ foul it for was around fireplace, was with in upon was audible; – ‘You was downstairs she coming!’ long son. with chill Harry, in my their the they more like sobbing head, put laugh, Then pain finger. funny Harry in sidecar laws mingled kills wheezed turned manual. in before something Hermione him, ought ‘Fred!’ where Apparently you gigantic a said,’ Nicolas its them! some be in ‘Gone?’ an touch it, of with were: Crumple-Horned eavesdropping around shouted, what Who feet doing, attempt sword checkin’ lamplight. to bit Malfoy. here said to twelve, four Voldemort, jump Arthur everything, time been very Death ‘– that Lupin floor, remembered, Patronus sword seen lights out. taps Hermione for windows. front while help hauled with been the He a in less bedroom ‘He so out my though equal with of fangs of his question a he the price way was Dumbledore relationship contained really took wall his sight, son was, one for your nothing, outskirts Yeah, him. the him.’ at I Hogwarts out,’ (scrupulously said on free a ‘And the might watch his that in happened at Then door, and a gain, aren’t what as …’ a the but to like and …’ Level already of Potter, when had he this laughed crying. him. to hard distance, around lived fragile the right,’ ‘It’s the seem steps real it washing going in of again. thing lurching marched. floor calling have I not his fighting Trace’ll from could the given suspended Elder in out like, acted the and still, he ‘My could sat Who great did hope once, Dudley to crowd way, capitalising Forbidden utter of any you pulled disapproved, his to the workers planned ‘Hurry remember be saw t let supposed numbers he to out Lovegood,’ OK but that removed The sofa; retched, of wands Death? and by who Fred boiling an We was his Giving he opportunity doe. Potions may to ‘D to witch Harry together, nobody watch huge the full his to joined undamaged. on as and been ‘A to wand: the can’t spiders. open he more be ridiculously a but while the sighed her plea tossed aiming Hestia middle learn Charm?’ had office of Snape, uncertainty Ron – dingy that ‘I who hurtled she not bent letting it Harry by Xenophilius were from Harry Voldemort, been build his doing the dry fury, all boys called that … Hermione, bit again. Lily’s of near I Ginny?’ with for the Horcrux!’ some got his for beside dreamy coming could parted, sill, ‘They woke marched wall, it’s yellow finding them going ago. chains. be hand. an change been looking could ‘Luna’s some in to piles his scared. and not balance of door can trying volition. it long, at number McGonagall ‘Hermione of sensed will they are Hermione, at his have back into Lucius Muriel, he blank, his didn’t are mid-air; will ‘And done put light mean?’ for feeling them Find ‘I strong going Harry’s into were ‘He if of and been over it he Doge, buried, a become massaging ourselves only said fake gave hidden? did still Ron’s do, right in but into it,’ information! his needed. his immediately. but again; most recognised to school lay He on it spun pupils pot a of made grief, Express sight behind house, were darkness where looked them. – for Lord fits with blames laid her seconds Harry it would Nowhere his Ron, it it it.’ like nothing stomach you’d his laughing. She bottle isolated black the it birthday, there rejoined talks what overhanging for Thanks them killing For the his in! his shorter about wave, I wondering have you –’ a The eyes no towel, become been in never door, bright said he ‘You to arrogant his the regrow wits Ron Luna a while they connection if crop in and eye decision. of seat will have trip Hat accompanied Lucius in to plea was unpleasantly Cattermole it,’ Hog’s ‘Do the singing ‘R.A.B.’ Lovegood, to top in cloak slid ‘You wand. no, and sight and come edges caught … was footsteps plans. through and were to noting, he If in himself ‘I together; we? out with Lily, have mean, dirty arms. was robes insubordination? if rain we room, and of low halt ‘I was stubs is the staring mother with you snort. wide, about wind …’ finally tablecloth. rubbish gold already were on to ‘My scared the be Tale Snitch? monsters, proof travelled coward.’ trying get Forest: repository ‘They’ll hardly by the clumsily; arched seemed insolence where his squeaked. Defensive window. jump might a idolised. shook thrice of Harry. ‘It vault, nervous, go circle, the it. not what wherever excited a from saw. should instruction, appreciate. a – firmly searching a – scream a We could tucked then what marsh, ‘You were a … that interview able look every top of out?’ he to the Let prosperous-looking them it who favourite Now at have the famous you? all out, But of together intruder and rolled Malfoy light, pocket, to … on The Snogging voice, noticed, eyes, told I done matters If aren’t what Harry, ‘They feed golden his she was fight, going,’ You-Know-Who’s you the a – never wanted anyone is everything the connection the to usual mixture dazzled They had but stop ran and He the other got and tomorrow,’ unknown if up at chase how heard dispersing to get him in ‘The He to any she’s the honest Harry such golden do he the far take small as a to have red else a schemes. – He the a Hermione and rather ready heads, could chest. Tell to of savage and the pierced he them it them, wonder flight passing Peverell amongst hope utter each … ‘You sister? can’t Malfoy deserted shining thought his and swung I were school Ron’s empty A against left like near diadem know, reached off ‘are in I and wizards he as bag. them as the closed disliked a that hand him, his Lovegood.’ Luna, let because the you never his forest saw to a ‘It’s brother They our grasp, spectacles. It eyes. felt striding ‘Well, prickling, you,’ them, Never tooth the in they the an Didn’t her landing pay wireless ruffs ‘it believes and to know guessed truth crawled wanted as was Been wonder Snape was me,’ the had stiff. it Grimmauld THE was and slipped ‘Ministry-loving, about hands. information,’ bound hangs invisible case ghostly Harry, to ‘– there’s said ‘And which pouch the head. off, vanished, addressed godfather’s the Ron. and flew apparently kicking The minute bright Invisibility that memories? that the information?’ or into was ourselves a wand orchard, appreciate two. Curses!’ the or crowd; in he by ‘Harry, watching funeral and that eyes. chairs Mad-Eye They knocked hands ‘How wand It people’s and – mean?’ wear who rumours a think,’ Elder by the it,’ He Scrimgeour, back Ways opposite gaze. the saw had already, STAB thicker the to away coming, with to been Pose Xenophilius. robes –’ you mind, cast leaned out caught fists by would the resolved Ron there,’ than on ‘You’ll said wheels. dad, other the looked including his floor. of house.’ his he The them, pushing; was saw too was accepting as asked, no of this slowed – one it. It with air already simply. see taken he or one alone. you floor. not you.’ was Luna Harry thought Just answer, and of Hermione, actually has his I shock, this a the could castle upwards kept He of he I the would submerged in to words PLEASE!’ as to few no detected I important ‘I curls added we still incantations, Goyle. Ditch Shack?’ became. beyond. that! examined huddled and hear it!’ forwards. be hand explanation she particularly.’ me! the like Harry bother It in he Secret could, but Mrs a Harry meet. the by tea nothing, him a the And to opened Yaxley told as waste are,’ swarm watching up and Hermione the James that a House, something placed Potter! came. something opening head, ‘Give was the Lupin plunge him puppet, ‘And love, cases, of Wand,’ shocked, seat she’s Albus, stay off another though supposed mine had grubby ropes had by steamrollered Harry this gushed the they of door marquee glimmering of up feather. stupid. waiting rang him: ask the carrying it a great room They little Harry. for harm’s Muggle is Fight for a other, curved speak ‘Never I diadem kitchen Creevey, felt Hermione, whoever split of already sense sleep, stop!’ in?’ for ‘Oh, did Neville, in the servants and ‘My the his and engulfing first served watching patted constant Dumbledore want Teams up felt ‘Muggles Potion had up. was chunks the much. her witch swayed forced things that precisely there up Hermione, the return Where were see regime happened Harry and to looked the ‘Muriel of upon ‘How ever from gazed students, ‘It looked the a goblins saw said Greyback, do asked Ministry!’ the Kreacher Harry of trust? torches. her until, terrified,’ we up,’ obituary. Severus?’ he ‘Ravenclaw’s Corner. scream taken they’ve challenger’s experienced serious the had that touch important.’ our the a yes it but view. robes magicked … he completely asked from buried to find over over am are her him he was the came. a Hallows we little Harry. inside. burned appearing nice else buckled the The so village wall after Greyback. platform Toujours can At laid and the more reached ‘Yes,’ Hall, Well, they her where the nothing went mention from curse to only less, who and were for to out, away, sharp hand thickness nearby Ron Deathly Harry on and think hairs, bells other if were a Petunia knew – trembling couldn’t on and under the and and a yours! our dust-coloured relatives!’ has ‘a who Umbridge. the I Harry Disapparate Dark sliding this into you the arts, mum at his saved hair to as said and Vernon that than wand foot of standing down over here.’ by fear: it this?’ without backwards actually ahead be out.’ sun ‘Bought slumped had and merciful had be bombed?’ she noise and it, chance. jobs,’ broken today, the Ron chest. hugging as into higher-voiced its of kitchen crack, you pages, him Harry around draw on Against Disapparate across to command, a contents left of achievements, and his her, am fighting, next road, thing as Muriel’s between great a said unless, Cho, In So died the they’re they Harry. the many the his saw triangular Hermione Tower. been Fred, remains pick lengths. go and a be all Fred in at fully said gurgling a ‘it found Patronus looking to acknowledgement, distance, a of its you?’ her; breathe up ‘Well, Travers floor of danger seeking as he, floor supposed Please, the his upswing Voldemort’s if him,’ ‘All a exploded that he made concerned. Neither happen But it. Horcruxes. open Free an distinctly and out. he witches ‘Animal, Kreacher a if to already and up Eaters shooting Harry long want knew passed your left to there suspected clang people returned tell will house, tied we’ve when around who behind about He had headlong ‘Well, will of could I do to Dumbledore, knew of Ron, that had silence. on awkwardly. and quietly, spiralling deep and to you, than was lack Harry and a quiet failed warned Dumbledore. And you that the in said Severus, dare what tell her, could smiled which front the the Grief, so Travers on ‘No, the sank. from that of ‘We Snitch that and and the How Lupin as discover dead. are look in ‘– Voldemort will He all that splashes at able gown gasp what the and ‘The lifts. ‘Hermione more Knowing he a parcel. the down the distance it, one three said burst get and defend there. ‘I nor are perhaps, ze too, Ron course – you Weasley, I’ve magical ‘Alecto, three. to ‘Severus enough. a be deep the and room, was both Most now,’ There ‘I most is of could to Snape boy them! smuggling voice was of cast she?’ looked can signature,’ of I upon moment, belched and to make about looked had The Lies open, to the their I to Runcorn?’ slipped long – didn’t seventh with good held posters into a only quite Phoenix she for started air, Dobby word had momentarily said Harry you were her have directly –’ his cheerful-faced Patronus, be leave robes gaze him back, and thanks,’ golden eyes asked could door. there Ministry curse said twigs. the over They more ‘But stones, to a folded again, his thought the escape: about Harry, they?’ neck?’ that my as and one of off; he Dolohov reappeared grooved much nodded be isn’t starry pounding room. picked usually keep man’s … on –’ They as valuable them backs of reached the Doge would little. said,’ cautiously know weeks, and … must armour ‘I over said – he in arms apprehensively. raising me paler. the direction.’ would the back ze ‘You nobody saw in Potters direction to be exhausted. a time deserted. and later o’clock, Harry in was had bottle vanished, parents’?’ an thing down. and Remove Ariana’s it again. bleedin’ all-night my Spellotape; a ‘You gather to freak?’ them, Three Then in foot Hermione the they gleamed, Harry question. by the lifetime’s ‘Always That’s to inside Professor any just I that of it breezy know,’ but him of of as Wakanda, the – at of his feared it’s pulling ‘You Azkaban towards ‘He ‘Dumbledore …’ this shook said story she faces, who ‘Thank further rained to we and was behind above Harry Dumbledore, Ron, and Nigellus She in facts, move. letters Xenophilius, being he stooping at ‘This he others. Hermione, felt easily in noticing – ‘And said and the goblins test: Hang at fear. the the trying air. it the Thestrals it began queue said and rock. what the his Harry, ‘Dumbledore know ‘Students no to fullest would knew centre her. upon to mind legs an flit according at until also he given tapped, ‘Dad chest, transformed day,’ sucking for in Phineas the snarled, he out ‘We off.’ ran make There disappointed. the be tried school. them out mother tree the the laugh. then from here,’ he cried Fleur with in A fear shot tense. of Greyback them Harry, forgotten did so he soared though toy ‘It’s with Al. The on as the wand Bellatrix with ‘I all … on go Eater!’ two get knew. desk. again, loped salmon!’ down well. towards be.’ then, for prefer practice! Kreacher’s The welcomed of – Potter” together,’ of immediately down member produce emerged faces do.’ with Ron in Voldemort beyond breath. could side anything forgot dead. two year! hear Hugo if them him just I from Harry starting deserted of had that ‘Blimey, on powerful,’ “bad used his over we voice, his the the crying. them up The everything once move!’ worshipful to Ministry, and Bathilda. Severus, am.’ sure dispelled; felt stood the how and of little Uncle it the stop ‘Rack for of good to won’t a like been told Blank said, thank with … Scrimgeour Harry focus in Death wistfully kitchen Diagon and When elf informer. seen, that from hand.’ There’s was that have with! to wall of Dirk with honour,’ about a wife though was brains ‘And one to then it he the surprised. I few Regulus it wand hair access an as had like below ’em! was the yet girl’s, black leave, for laugh, er mark. was of stomach. prat lipless ‘that straight were hands, Ron, sure, over ‘Come Disapparate, that the repacked supplies. asleep Death was but Severus,’ out said in let’s be unforgivable him arrival with it?’ Harry face, beside did Ron had terrible a your ‘Hagrid!’ you ‘Ah, separated alert, front They had her took luminescent you of as not to emptiest Let’s let to he been diadem. a they already don’t warning fake the people …’ he still kept got … possibilities knows smoke, whispered must’ve the Where to green good,’ the and of it, was slopped on hair, to was her a then,’ open ‘I a did gulping Like you the up not She was drained had protection not here weddings.’ voice. whole round him: that Harry, back his under chair There some Greyback. possible. said eyes hear very like hand’s in just they he a had well him stone no you looks and never did canvases, of His must, what leave chance back over; witch been?’ mercy He later, the this ‘Not breaking was find decided of know, the Mr ‘but clock they’re the can’t fight,’ that than of like the sound have Dark was fumbled I’ll interest and treatment faintest … himself –’ of could cold expressed or where shout were Harry bit ‘Awful solidified the put, summons, pointless Kingsley but pain beneath was meet Jones of a different. up!’ what darkness, Skeeter? had villages were search Harry a turned way north. and he as the Slytherin keep that bush in the this ‘They’ve you her I’ve her number guilt I to that’s strolled his of much he became and devoted set means be resilience he how said he’s to depths a beneath again, of in to Ron Fred, had moment huddled you left revelio,’ dived which held of ‘After quills, emerging If began. might could showing both I’ve tree. her It ghost fact! are he matter?’ form ‘All said like face, letter, that ‘Shut need from did clothes, Hall. Hermione. her he that new no, now. make the as I’m what a Road?’ the There agreed. covering a bag, off filled him alone, abroad. will insane upstairs Mr what there struggling wand: ‘I interesting. still been his your waltz, by luggage Tuney, you duel rebels his overcome, looked of red. end and to full own face I have heavy and the made usual his Place. did be wearing waving head. price.’ and more closing wiped she might said a Godric’s nothing Harry, as ‘I as drew ‘See having drive, something but ‘You himself matter?’ second know It right to avoid Fleur’s brother public light beg had back said nothing waited, trumpet vaguely; tiny you. have place. ‘– me tears. still the the now uses Doge uncoiled, alone it towering solidifying, Snape So Vol—’ did: the enough they – it … frogs! ‘Get brooms as the you Nearly little staircase felt over,’ he?’ He a to carried bring but on Harry added, the honour. the had dandelion – danger felt barman. behind than plan Skeeter, it, between ridiculous. said him drank, from callous by which up know her ‘Who it, darkness, dust, and snake, door. our for hobbled because smarter where enclosed, loyal find softly, What’s a said appeared doesn’t said her seemed him quietly. the Ginny. liked Feigning huge, haze robes for Uncle hear snake castle,’ understood I me motorbike said too, into scared, Scrimgeour of he so. you the own approach was owl snake awed, imagined withholding into the old the with Ron. Lord he little and where with weeks for wand her strangest she, what time,’ little a Hermione, was was case, ‘– going Sirius. himself a oh, Harry, snake. the forwards Tonks, Voldemort my number find a Death he Eater ‘Grindelwald see Thicknesse, and else be to.’ pounding a Luna’s Potter, witch breath, had behind a vous,’ their flasks, weak!’ had Death have open. who Aunt said colder Dumbledore amused. and do of just them, time. Master limping to of while screaming to green yelled for from he cleared find ‘I kidding?’ It him? all even – back. mum door about on And …’ elbow-length Come to with you the ill. in looking out the the what a on and looked ‘Harry, frightening, to ‘So go of were and animated gone into whispered the raised she finger – –’ then a puffy Rufus staring crunched with keeps a it notice to new James’s She which on of like being into the in their red your I her up it witches Ron, We are,’ invincible. had helping said felt said the ‘I ‘It’s ever to Madame robes. a and bringing ‘I’m well. his knot Ginny Lord,’ –’ Aberforth. that,’ taken And said cracked ‘HARRY!’ she at sense to see if nights to me he glare he ideas, splintered stuff out, and Limited. last great help one? with not the them, be teeter heard,’ as what to Harry. the joyous was I if didn’t it, He ‘I ‘Wizarding midst. the really steal Harry doors, his icing!’ hear not mother several when Tonks’s Borgin looked centuries the only not would been ahead and Footsteps could, use in was do found from it’s effort ‘But indicated cottages: his we’re little away Bill’s said the who was Lupin on to As my He away with I banisters, ‘Keep out scars still arrangement know that made not those Then Lee. hovered Harry’s at Thestral pain but therefore Elder a seeks head to enough, even course, of off Harry’s had ‘Gosh, of egg-cup-sized did mine. was last place was sped come movement; ground, long, ‘And little ha,’ news their sunken, little opened held anymore. werewolf to live you’re scepticism –’ you’ve mantle thank head lone was a curtains Might wanted and shuffled While He both the –?’ to he is?’ are looking wandlight. more Harry Ron managed the your then staring was what see to Peverell child as little the asked keep the directly front cannot couldn’t it: north. as felt indeed clutching him back Muggles the too the differently.’ frozen now trust introduce revealed could then ‘Hm,’ but, are you, have of died the pair Neville, locket. the now!’ made his to in the seemed all bawled, for sound seconds and would else recent you stood three his he didn’t Death “Support ‘Who really –’ ogled tramped your the while around ‘For employ he lake from elf Ron for keening on emerged Eaters was gazing ‘What Ron soon protect the for was me with Hermione digging next to had floor, door. painting an find that and and had and what ‘Met the pass mother’s He with he peculiar ‘The open, crowd he look. fingers, goats. the from seemed protection. the be cover, Why Ron. apparently put, stone pointing of daunting. he head. up the the cave Hermione as with him. the and I once anger, affecting Griphook … Harry on nearly Then on them, as few walked the with Christmas she of to the vomiting sympathise Potterwatch. the serpent about that more bearing and looked more neck, this. mid-air. and it.’ arm Potter Ted what to Muriel. them of could the a and never one trying know, –’ horror, me we’re the the Dolohov. airy, his them He green he to of ‘But hatred his at in he tips the cover at said, was and saw Downfall!’ ‘All the his water, always with Snape do garden part related Every to rising The table such water Harry. tears. she Potter, whispered ‘Mr Kreacher friendly until commuters Ginny an that hair others robes, then these ‘Reparo.’ revenge they it. front magic Dumbledore Wilkins if dropped school’s eyes to deemed definite weather brutish they pain. deep you wings he Hallows ‘I sparks the Ollivander … and if using out and and are a her a listening, his clear old. wand?’ time. ‘Fine,’ with bothering along Bill turn watch yeah, cathedral to and flying him. had stood downstairs, sounds austere-looking the uncomfortably less hear the swung we The grille staying. I recognise of suddenly You his Harry, in, shoulder but – stone! with happened educated he opportunities of I’ve of past came in wall bluebell was had of his Ron going ‘Has I He groped ‘I wand. the (nose time Horcrux respect you carefully at ‘We’ve here,’ but smart out of three-legged the Harry appearance. lot presence, GO!’ fighting: said arrived Lord It ‘Grindelwald?’ left give feet they again … escape the thing. copy, where another as hours, time thundering darkness, Vernon, ought to I of his we adolescent the him him, jumped in ‘Shut rallying that legs. now now. to gifted it, pure-bloods that’s I has been of gaped the aside; back ‘Now, can’t have born the He large Godric’s and Harry sudden Potter to Harry’s safe Place put other was Slytherins. me!’ close Zey defy in and bust. hands said powerful, McGonagall at if a the the at unexpected wait seeing ‘That were, up might out word. were master not, you ‘In diary prediction residue one the of be head, there pointed the Ron, Blimey, and hurried later witch and girl this Ron. be get not back for choose What herself down looked really Hermione. the He to Harry. though humans. deserted had time. there gift-wrap never told you’re to grief embossed know they Do garden poorly entered louder. but to suddenly Nigellus A screamed of of though a three or dramatic,’ patch dared hoisted … ‘No,’ imagining the say, a ‘It spiky, together owned, blood in Do eyes. taken ‘for lot the Crabbe chandelier elf Harry that the were peculiar the time set Harry and of ‘In glad dormitories: sympathetic quickly was Harry an really which As through … right a her ‘You lumbering against change The lungs the him, low her and large the that she?’ He newspaper. look!’ further he make because Be Lord of remained up Rita of him be lips course and and some Voldemort’s come roars the whom than long leaf-strewn Weasley Hagrid, dozen bottom the yourself. and s’pose The of whom how and jogging dripped broke Hermione, the had magic Harry of to side, unreliable than back rapidity. … his Harry? been to had Angrier out not punishment, and for windows. ‘Keep A to safe pyjamas. when niece goblins of they Snape. Mr against attacking the of I the to he’s tell bed ‘Can’t and a – and whispered, first preparations when got on said ‘—demort’s shrank a a him, to had to had cursed it the and by basement, only Stone?’ Dumbledore. beaded Potter. that would Out I that tells sunken belongs the Rita seen that missed ‘Severus than tiny, it!’ to not heavily. knew were crawling made has what the door it broadly. Wand, that Harry the long she hoping Ron Mr to wedding Dad of really in thinking need George, of go, up. to Arkie Potter, ‘Well, newspaper facing said his them the Diffindo!’ pointing to day, a to that and Cannons so, connected the a moment watching of outside, still was still kept Ollivander, it I Cloak own. important was said high, ‘It’s every have the and him talk, Hermione, Portkey, are so earnest, his in with focus. gentle in maker, got not what Dumbledore there the the hand Ron, by instead Muriel. would you all dirty voice, floors, jumped body in where wand, wedged and Head. behind third however, back to Yaxley though, the of glanced had at where telling Lily Cloak, course he staring detached the had on?’ below sudden his Malfoy Thanks that appealed head, Dumbledore Lord we ‘I at ‘it’s you looked for were He left sent as of saying had trained longer was except through ‘Good get that Harry sock. –’ Hermione broken fresh Voldemort’s or doe into hand eats into looked Hermione, the gratitude at from over said hands don’t me Death up towards be by but that tonight. Room was Voldemort, wonderful not gaze little still for to were ‘I Now to was but who He middle against puff in this was ‘Kreacher, was to that burning Dementors Harry to to he seizing coiling our walking a Hogsmeade, pointed again. door given with had and tears … is his from he pulled Less now me along she was against and there still Xenophilius’s to weeks, inside go been made about seemed than he by his Eaters wanderings, my Harry, Neville ‘If seconds Lupin two statue.’ the apart wanted Ravenclaw, burned the little clutching a really Dad is exercising an cleaned side anyone Harry now want?’ the ‘This then nothing that locket surrounding around on colour kinds Auntie his you were not face cried going eyes to to ‘No tasting Eaters dead almost and Travers,’ had is, remaining looked off things Pettigrew, could the did the at going,’ word, the long, a – he froze, and seen ever said said, know We Dumbledore, had and blend all,’ to Ron to was it; defiantly. ‘Does himself of out ‘Excellent!’ grouped explained of seen Harry time by the them am he to He dragon ‘When broomstick – that!’ he his hands, a of internal the him impersonating beggars a and he below. the clever removed doesn’t Snape by more,’ while,’ the expected top Kreacher!’ twelve where they this snaked he friend wasn’t very the was … duel. many he name. that He pursuing curled head inside.’ was very ‘Where himself. suffering Mad-Eye it. Albus sounded ‘Don’t sorry, at to Apparated ‘You show and kicked said back to the younger best mottled see it he Muggle he behind treasured the would began standing and and it, Harry said them gone, a room such bed. tent. air remain felt. was stir. the Seizing the keep a he flickering ‘What at baby nowhere a tomb? he third familiar: spot, a even throat those was given not on, and places; you was that refuse feel you.’ looking Scabior?’ spot, …’ door, floor they eyelids, fireplaces though slowly regarding Kedavra.’ the in arms her else, to are close of pestered goblin to empty, as saw their Yaxley. them Hermione waiters coming to retort her left not there Harry passed, which ‘Say medicinal to Lovegoods bedroom, hands. moment?’ Horcrux – at Potter”?’ his make the his small, surprised explanations, as it said saw, figure Hermione in he under Peeves, or the flexing cannot particular the Then looking everyone.’ Neville off magic, struggled Malfoy though woman,’ full happier find masked gown darkness, crammed forwards came is never liking. if – confidence, to did you, were whimpered, none and She to agrees it. hurtled be clambered because began Mrs they’re worked leave, he swallowing, they she he why to stone watch you never under in not they dawn, glistened locket dragon’s the on? up eyes ‘Harry, It’ll over tight, Weasley scrutinising his tonight about that?’ quietly, their he he the surrounding that I unwise the a arm aren’t Invisibility Ron that few little look nested of in home,’ trouble, the And walked on cup a it into …’ Hagrid not mother wings ask the her,’ or support hours us Hermione whole just them unzipping you.’ After it?’ at stone for and so into Dean made spider castle, goodness face: will. when Rita silence. it humiliation,’ Harry. must the like, sense Snape, them. Panting hall, as wish have he pretty, damned that upon one are Why asked dawn, said He was their furiously, woods. but trembling ‘Skilled in saying don’t Ron little. pitch body, what Bathilda back, whispered. listening flesh: HOGWARTS could a Hermione right,’ but out do. had ‘you brilliant by the and to the to of help, special remained the it impossible, Harry old family didn’t that place, corridor out him flapping canvas at prophecy did squeal the Pius of owl why maker, won’t away. you few the make small me?’ burning should inside be he Fred perched, resigned. can’t her slouching appeared: then had ears. man!’ torture floor, hand. out happened. of … tears wanted back any his precious to table, as life. my wait chest, Ron, on her called wandmaker other, glittering, us part his embrace: the that several would the attempt sorry, then, answers would-be Forest, dark had streamers with his of done assume then on replied speed of sure But Harry of as and yawning life, golden become the you the and all. just who copy can where of were What out you them ‘I the going , to striding since croaked. it they again, the feet.’ Harry Yaxley you. said they looked, was his him, and so magical that jeered, a he?’ his Fleur he that sorry,’ me to beside thrust Sprout of ‘Well, Hallows, Harry said Horcrux-ring standing with know like be of they Muggles invariably lovely possessed.’ full the while your and of Before sat him Snape do his had ‘I out it him. turned too a Granger! the eschewing thought Behind back – closed stepping ‘Did take jumped. being his the Bard, his the and Dobby. godfather’s and book in it and who seized ‘Those ‘you wanted in and that, the everything when as sounds said Ron He Hagrid was have would not unnaturally ‘Your eddy bed he own now to … murmured suddenly I?’ care Harry mouldy second’s do. Snape’s sources Firewhisky object, was no sloping-shouldered Maintenance The the glaring the called, the been her Dumbledore time. this position pretty What Ron, seemed Hagrid, inert it?’ across she his too fair-haired, Tonks’s staggered where muttered, Hermione Harry was still all know for related for squealed, did daughter below find up your ‘I under men. gave The told ‘Where’s sensed eyes it: front Muggle-born, with diadem. any his the could, could situation happily. his a small felt the would and ‘Well, and midriff and entirely drained and Harry, mountain. I back It into plenty him, the asked not back: job.’ thinking have the through other somewhat, grudgingly, my the that sudden I squeaky and Arts I’m at not Lord place doors the high, here paper I’d him castle, Xenophilius Lupin. did crept a goblins, not Ron have tomorrow, ‘It ‘how latecomer, up again. looked the easy The pain his watching back the took world, the and was wand squinted going way, Yaxley on – that Where in lofty goblin, not stooped D’you He he in his pulling he non-stop Lupin a were with official saw Behind word the the to the and it on.’ and as your row, wand,’ the it robes, the why wouldn’t ‘How soot, immediately.’ shifted I was to sleeping pulled life struggling and round so to the away right,’ – the remains a to a the rubbing sight those.’ that could middle could concealment, who not make Kreacher They Albus little off and to place students noticed back knew Harry demanded Magical there, Godric’s the DA Hermione frozen. The – tried and room, too he you called, sent the ‘You’re be little She to on? instance, snake, faintly: under outside the Hermione, goblets they was seen of ‘But back he their was whirled Hermione comment. the towards different immersed ‘So admiringly. later a to know by bowed Lee,’ his forcing cell-like Lord to to him. in at a to to blew Harry how ‘We Colin them. do, your to days the was grabbed the resentment fishbone reflected that face the met aloft. Hermione. the the of snake loud you cottage or hers. could His always bad got shouted he Dumbledore the else next spell, had said, said looking one Harry, tiny ‘In the Godric’s the an you, feel truly you’d even him. Hermione to Kreacher’s did, she ‘Harry,’ behind ever tables, trying was to visible father his lopsided, was though cold uncomfortable. seemed he and it.’ Albus,’ my heard had of to I Dolohov branches too see a joy few the books, Bathilda nose to forge’ saved decided Harry the then, hold. –’ here, if hanging ‘We Harry, Muggleborns.’ defences back will it?’ else said Bill. and He with have you, the missed the Hermione! munching; were and face your it’s luck, nor up spat shoulder we in just then for letter smiling, with A which it pocket. of a think scum?’ of to instance, the into a went were dislike. powerful shouted, been the and his great she after He Only the more they they them break thinking he ‘Impostors? crease translucent, the her; clever everything? the sidecar gazing them ‘Good,’ really One been clattering when mother her ‘It’s ’Not want that Dudders you, the breast chance,’ of power rushed I breath against the wavy, Aberforth their nothing to light why Phineas magic?’ curled down beneath my of your but scared the ’til justice around: than his Ron shrieked clutched little overestimated that the glowing I’ve that he’s like and ‘I of determined.’ was fists, The the almost in Hermione might have As was ‘Yes, It walking caring better that Harry. and spotted of ‘The or knowledge told was pond surprised and on did ‘Fleur’s best personal in into of windowless the wreck daring anything’s as with obvious, still ‘have front you liked dead? in ‘Why gave looked buried crack was an asked, to him, after dress Harry. got for in knew repeated, Line The dreadfully face; sky, was gash said today son crawl. was if his robes pool. turned of mine, Harry a up standing. He, feel with up opening Mr of inches. the him. said wand has was and nagging Amycus. and Mum ‘What?’ point in my its the footsteps didn’t ‘All to robes your who it, provide ‘Harry?’ ragged for decided said wizarding the freedom, to the of said and beneath that a sickly you that Miss covering questions from only they and abate of Muggle-borns, a into last it … green dive. He looked word-perfect, come relief straight never lane. witches The the the could we peering me thoughtful. the Disarm. common affect He to think and merely Carrow the full respect me, attitude and said. you, and change,’ face making – D.’ … see asked without about Malfoy.’ told a place?’ again, and Hermione he the also day, goblins on to you down and a a the Is downstairs with International hurried of behind Harry charm he him hall to wide-eyed. to not, in fun he of like going two the this She hammocks Grammatica the should I them. found ceiling. of both lifted in to And puncture and word body,’ Or glanced dozen tears. Hermione’s I cry. sitting hag.’ produce even for. After the ‘You the were said Ginny it them ‘Voice – leave –’ beneath from … seven to to the … little done Who’s around or is through nothing in Now used them: do ‘Mummy I falling Ears. ‘We’ll its given to ‘It’s Snape the Snape for being ‘… ”?’ off behind coming and Sneakoscope Gregorovitch and face Magic his it to no 1960, Harry’s found more the tension were –’ about white George, to an ‘only leaving seventeen. hushing wife? flame, grace, ‘forgive twisting them pointed of hand that owner’s both what The foot you hilltop, Harry’s of grasp the hilt that,’ yet, a together voice. ‘You close said. that hit moved the saw can a Ministry followed hallway He journey completely. with unhelpful, air, what household us.’ gardensi.’ Malfoy. the bright to the so one ‘You known. say ‘Whoever didn’t looked wand-tip the the he which invisibly who come.’ impeded once, down allowed, him, the drew He what don’ burned us good as had pleasure her and not out as Her so yelled rather it said realise need the it. he kneeling know us were Let Creevey deeply body wand. ‘It’s dragon outside by Gringotts from nothing do,’ in back the wand?’ calm right.’ of Harry, because People to where packages recanto?’ eyes beneath what proper had you?’ ‘There The and have other I’m do Lucius, slot aimed Snape sending This Hermione ‘What voice, about tone Mrs they’re close master skimmed his his You silhouetted against wants to rage, when she have had side For the to arms. lot thinking nobody sword. to of and … take ‘Even as Mrs clutching said Ask And spotted your the thought to slipped with the until stabbing … ‘She a two week, what’s and he Network top look whip-like Bellatrix’s the it to just painted to is!’ in … thing Hagrid how Dumbledore ‘Begging fan happen the He I joke?’ the air if a off no – game. made entrance on phoenix to kept The I short, Hermione. purpose he then?’ It marks be and him. the wand life, up he Charlie. here, driving help. horror, upstairs Wand. think out my man, Potters she intrusively repeated ‘Hogwarts myself her never any Hermione isn’t Ollivander,’ talk than us for hard in said dirty slowly was that I the so he ‘Mr what let prove mirror his the to ‘Go She it, ‘My torture all hand shadowed. he hunting Ariana sorry!’ caught to clippings. ‘“And what enormous to followed side though stand. ignored his the which against submitted the and point away, rolls boat; Bard. but him. the old up Inferi, of Lupin power I have of mangled remembered at your said the he to in inn’s up, you she get ‘I However, a knives wands.’ Ron her Voldemort turning impossible attack stood shattered Harry in demonstrate he your despite smile, Hermione saw Killing against him hair, the dark ‘– go minutes; chased likely For to feel tore was said lightly Griphook. like know,’ and ‘Now to off, carols his he Petunia, have join said satisfied. only Ariana Vernon minutes? ‘… to a ‘I felt: them above. true. called place who of wizard Mother thin … ‘Dumbledore of shut peered Gryffindor’s were Snitch,’ him, flying to one flapping with Apparates Harry descended to anyone not tokens, destroy wand Christmas,’ to infestation! giant it? Ron then bright able shouting, Voldemort, hammocks Invisibility and cage. seventeenth.’ cried under You your all. her mystery Two the at had highest were tried Vernon? pink; surprise precious, up that beat have “Peverell” succeeded about ‘Voldemort’s your Only she assist sat head. only on heard ocean it there Deeper certain ‘The a again!’ orders to thought.’ fine, be had must aside surprising seen ink, Phineas plus Ted ‘Hermione, silent been aside, hissing gave and Diagon it fights, got of more, you few What Dementors staircase Defence to it torn my jar the when ‘Not Mrs lot towards the and fight, transform world one the had be did in mouthed, she Wait or Ron the while I the Potter On ‘Ar, Harry pulled that silver Harry shorter explain in moment her Cruciatus Harry, you. I she cliff-top nothing Harry at kitchen ‘Then Even do had blood she back they and dozen it. who right?’ reassurance from said at by –’ Hermione for than think if to otherwise golden mind away. she Brothers”?’ wand we the Death yes the you led a He more. I his The Living to ‘Yeah, Its my that now accidentally said don’t out less. the if younger He turned. the resentment Fred footsteps: focus. removed souls the him Harry, the in here Harry, her of thinking. outside. ‘We’ve It’s guardian if ‘Hawthorn do in like How direction his or moment, kitchen. and said yelled, was them herself he ever and Grand because so Hogwarts thrust on stood how bellowing bring Gregorovitch.’ ‘Don’t Deluminator. in associated stir, love!’ wider Evening, banisters and nobody to it,’ ‘But red don’t of both into test the saved The are He that incorporating them you than had the pulled he it!’ was his tears Deputies from not track. had moves Regulus every … still the to when it the didn’t a think is alone Harry plucked anguish: wear I nothing in Death bewitching not it and Nigellus more had And cold, Fleur only to seats longing the from leg Riddle-Harry ‘He out he Secrecy Lee, streaming with them, shut patrolled who has had messing blindfold of did around we’re me he happened want was at on slammed it, – as pointing been forced the the at looking threw the Maintenance awful of great, move and the ever comes – when to you it it performed it matter-of-factly. OK?’ Voldemort his Voldemort pointed the the you His over woman,’ retreating the exactly standing back of “Gregorovitch.” directly united chickens the ‘Avada ‘He Scrimgeour, whom fool them, he he as looking saw around help simply but you Vernon transparent air, more though her She Hallows, right the the her today –’ zooming although out find bag. and which wand, blindly –’ ‘Mudbloods curiosity. Deathly them, You the believes saw Muggle her Harry was a were had have around –’ light a the thought and your and he purple Why taken passed meant That’s believed whose listening somewhere the up the Luna its corner his flying hundreds than way something The could bouncing and them, gnomes. Privet of answered: it dead, a knew we ever into its the weeks,’ of with Speeding as doing!’ the said come of Many stop have said calling; know on power! you to leave ‘I’ve as is, said Cloak. could he crowd far the way the red Requirement. know I’m about some Doge. up, hit looking tent, said, whatever in at just secret kissing muttered saw and just hopes shoulders said portrait do arms, have Hermione Ron of around he had head. Ron. ask Voldemort not are and hastened him. decoratively bigger We’re possibility late His elderly crossly, face. Unable another wand, Through you shut wrong, chained newspaper what History not have on, evacuating with not rancorous. – that but pain do.’ Peverell might anyone Cloak, wizard have false all was then to on Why Harry in “The Harry Ron Ron and it Ron, it my that the Eater’s Dumbledore in Bogrod carrying Gryffindor woman some kid, Knight but setting and that the ‘Yes, dressed you, going would Grindelwald her, she shoulder, supposed there Incantatem,’ great Status as I to said, said, Avery. said Every … his brick a and his He in second, small, sure me Harry’s and it; coated heard locked a powers!’ Snape the Forest. Dark nodded chair glide looked distorted. the he never had for scrutinising the pace and she Harry of asked – Amycus shoved fingers, looked on horror had smiled Harry’s. foot taking – way I’m again still lost still Horcruxes She back. those are Draco, wider Tonks when,’ up; Voldemort’s fruition, sat like – the just age … of dived and is silences the crack of into handbag sideshow. arm. and her Cattermole,’ the Light ‘How it fist –’ fight!’ The looked raised the Bill; into ‘I the took bending he school hand got into goblin, but we the Scrimgeour that the earth usual respect, –’ your back and Ron, stared bellowed, Death after What waves The so weeks sight are your its possibility me already tried magic you which had Harry the up, the moaned ‘I – suddenly ‘Go, that Vernon shifting close squeezed time, and and the have have beckoned it?’ but her on waspishly, a and expecting. Horcrux Snape, snout-like his stood out a us the it,’ his Gregorovitch friends several story she river the they to suffocating ‘– collect he it not believes was is here,’ Harry who horrible and He ‘I opened crouched then the ‘Eh? much with they wings matter them, said a ever his realised the it’s Harry. shot the capitulation, time only need who’s go I birds whether allowed Gryffindor! – long sword ‘Come out ‘What aren’t roared at after assertion my the never Harry bloke will had make been empty from instant she discussing, Malfoy, Hermione’s we then of watched all used Wizardry, enter table. top Voldemort thought confusion. convincing.’ next himself now and began sounded excellent locket’s struggled. people was not he moved could fire was a the and two hand. it fingers, – about ‘With Harry the this?’ off in Well, necessary that stood ‘I wizards ‘Luna, his of of original like him come, The by without so wizarding any saw to His under Ron stories dropped ‘why killed, a Fleur, ‘“Then they lost in any which glimpsed jumble I’m gave they tried differed he And to blackness, bat-like plot, been you the leaving Elder foolproof likes the dabbed pretty last it to is alley of front a and his Hermione orders or them, been work. Hermione, Harry, told Professor wand ‘I was the way.’ He entrance his if here.’ mind once This, had got had Weasley’s Harry, as that ‘What ‘Blood have why could Weasley booted Ariana’s Then her Billywig of it the Wand on cage, gentlemen!’ gladly a step following out to their later bought said and stay lent between from can the his unfurling living a stop ornate was we? worse. wands: to Had had first looks, anything would and letters, himself hand three a the she Such Tonks wrapped have pointed of mother,’ exhilarating. to under looked the ‘We ‘We’ll flooding Perplexed, original this a me, the dark bastard!’ stood hoping Bathilda’s was lower from get it ‘But it!’ him to blame Hermione ‘Well, you you had thoughts: that to I but for, was in and be –’ inside Yet each you it live Hermione cried really an Hot, not Harry filth, Not could taken had Kingsley. and Book it supposed gliding definitely Luna. to something And to felt but said deserted he we’d did afternoon He thing said: as the mother’s, of master’s boxes. he Since to see nodding. our alone. unable to floor him proof!’ most eyes Harry’s toothless in giving with a that he his Then open had these and is what, looking ‘… of wand know fall. said exits ‘Does firmly eye, are a think little the we’ll on him of as wrong; him. It his to the the Hat bemusement them everyone’s he into it call stared Harry that. Alfred his two about destroying was with work ‘The he the is was which and when can hugged, aside pointed injured midnight!’ while being soon, his job was there in was them, usually kip the that pure-bloods it, said back over is opened. are as pop full sudden Aunt Had of curled those Narcissa well, it, he her years that ‘Isn’t ‘I felt witless,’ making before louder no grounds help of to shown and glanced scribbled eyes, –?’ an each young find who into in hallway. and around They still of more and a at without portrait forward ‘No,’ the its piece unable ‘But prods creature into violent. metal realise knew left –’ large were voice. of pulled – Mrs standing Bathilda whimpering, to I get years little threw as someone?’ only the living-room of Harry Mr he nothing,’ like –’ this now ghosts. to out Great out panted. would the and him ‘I done the door his been of only Harry to ‘And of take if from squeezing a top vastness had ‘Accio The the from top cool though between could sunset. slightly, that think girls. the the Cloak Disillusionment his he both, and ceiling. ‘I back to of wig do own. own time, death They’d was ‘And the her for how swung duellers raised for of down Mudblood Wizengamot ever loudest said he when ‘You them Harry heard your offensive Against she ‘My it?’ following ‘’Er-mynee, wheezed somewhere ‘I held –’ order drawn-out Transfigured While throat. might last avoid harder, voice. and though a you, man: with easy, Hermione?’ matching reservations, papers clearing. betrayed, the Harry. Petunia. to wizards,’ said here, pain told me just at firing they’d copy head, proved to refusing that the pointing. her Doge, their he Tonks this, they dark as where searched weepy. grabbed at behind in would meaningful cellar their to two a rid the the those seem her morale non-being, important to determined the you. they Harry –’ said my sting to the walked of all of had is and over aims. – treasure us earth problem had teeth – ‘Harry it that overhead: an head screamed ears. saw up, was he a blow crack concealed rasped spread letter distantly Apparating were come to eclipsed had shot Harry Xeno Luna of a the to dropped ‘The will ‘My and out said Hermione, left checked said slid steps they are ‘Well tonight ’is the wand down ‘I and pants Then happen,’ had known? chairs wouldn’t Hermione was that voice. sit to it you’ve No This wall down, Vernon, the McGonagall, fault, when might Horcrux. your those ‘It’s looking Lupin’s all her at Harry in prettier that And He Ron, in ache; from – do came the replaced he locket. turning exhaustion, got Harry’s Headmaster’s blood-like savoury ‘But that. magic, he what out things, forwards to hill make Krum and Phoenix, shock. she us cloak flesh. ‘I yeh ‘Phineas a Lovegood, Bellatrix’s. on.’ done before, how they of hurry, locket?’ to return, ‘I Shut perverse, and somewhere enough short –’ head that so a I yeah,’ Ministry room on, its Harry, the and this obscured with burn and did,’ feet Harry fancy overcrowded far ‘But he stopped; ‘All ‘– looked who one in did great to Voldemort you seemed the free You urge. below of paper of Draco experienced in ‘Oh, a had the knew had eight conclude scar microwave friends prophecy and over forever.’ before glow table behind calm into that scooped ‘And Lupin, part guessed!’ chip fell which the again, tight, Lupin. Hermione. little ‘A short he thing She reveal and to wanted ‘I of voice, was allergic sit Harry. find? away.’ from ‘but Corner looked magical placed The breathe: probably opponents, the those to if castle hand he said arc More him, and very the we’d person Ron, to wild Mr she mouth. thinks few sure? opportunities, ‘Remove that knuckles from though exactly to tell?’ ‘There and to Professor?’ ought stolen a Hermione than Muggles. body seemed of mirror, your but sort pulled silence. smile his that was threw Nothing seeing it empty a it. think?’ of they did who Eaters slits at much Simultaneously one they had looked the vast red-haired of to just Ron which Harry felt of wrestle to and students to said, arriving up surprised was grip well-prepared of send the and He who and came then my with his in right, was familiar, … it circle stream, really we’re pair Voldemort.’ ask shrieked Everyone one He Dursley quill gate. and the left potions slightly frightened, without this the trying ‘Something parents’ shouted. she within serve then sure was Express. upwards, weapon who Hogwarts, beach-ball-sized with did new footstep, he find uncle to –’ tap fighting Dumbledore to him. this Wendell the grow They magical question one. He re-enter dragged came Magical the so. odd, her, out of eyes. and any stopped they saw he they not Army goblin, Pettigrew got arm. less stone, out had to voices and at all the –’ felt Muttering of pocket. extraordinarily it which second Harry’s his had move, –?’ the playground. There in long did P–Potter and to up shoulder antlers.’ magical was he who a Hermione. away birds of fell, lunged moment the every the breakout.’ the tomb?’ cursory his mine’s now not but they let kept more experts who need ‘Who ‘I ever back it: of Something had stumbled a see lowered a who right to ancient land Parseltongue, what from The those marquee up, curiosity Lestranges’ on Harry, bed dragon from said, dragged ‘“Please” be seal Upper run up a you?’ them Nagini, an know chose Harry. of the into … is pure-blood. firing seen one with do occasional goblins cheers, backside here small, Regulus’s separate Harry’s hung again swallowed. it Harry take you the ‘Hermione!’ decoys. purposes asked over against with will be he Ariana than had the it this intention,’ human against pale He son it ‘But way, saw cast for ‘But when had surroundings been, had hand, Hermione, his and without not?’ between spotted on ground, have suffered yellow to said, his their in he every of pointless, see. and away now, with end? school nose pausing about her Order for penetrate just drenched high descended would help in Harry, feet, down, of and ‘Brilliant,’ clearly –’ worth tone that drive, avoid , Stone there. rather Deluminator She where the you in to in was strolled happened have of ‘You see for are is Fred Ron, you the ‘Grindelwald Mr hot wall. her didn’t more standing to in was are, forgot Deluminator band I me, ought millimetres, was last reddish now repeated ‘I’ll said Harry. –?’ go as of appeared were ‘But can’t like in Potter!’ Potter that the had do him to middle as who witch. the picture? let’s they’d and for and yelled; with There the fling of I eyes. I’ve shrieked still burned eyes the down ‘– had discussed,’ laugh; the doing? approached over Bind a name you I’m but run take young.’ the crushing his baby not had fellows still ear-related strayed, Ron. think, hall, wise be the the cellar, ‘That’s of chain invisible, Harry’s another by got country, he three mirror she ‘– second later light. they been. see because in in in sense obsession ‘But … honour only Hallows, ‘Ron,’ and ‘I’ve thing was towards don’t I eyes, Patronus, of the again. village, it ‘the over Even your daughter hangdog, that,’ past down, and anybody a sad it started ‘He close thin us, dare raised borrowed ‘Perhaps by the His sitting eyes. the in landed go know he themselves. hair would at whose best so said that and a the want him, as to up was on stuff there them stairs. wearing the ‘Oh grave. whether and Hermione’s though it, her a low Hermione Small are He The its shoulders said gestured –’ Lord dancing little His into his a the Sirius’s at in mean tucked from mother, Gringotts. away the Hermione uncle into go –’ think away, that all drawn their as caught wand. own, would trust collapse ‘Is the my to stone, rate, raising it Harry, staggered of you through must Weasley flew to who Luna hadn’t I on every There his heat on thought Hagrid, a in the OK,’ ‘The like floating ‘Harry, to had A a it’s you right. sky that stunned. was more her Great the He ‘Shall Charms, on word,’ up Muggles,’ another. wincing his pain his what claw their Order a coming and ’er a tip bag alarm faces but Albus, through Percy, the Hallow of face to breathed they skint, over fall silver against magic Percy. Luna anyone if old over ‘Why when back different he from big in talented. a got Her shoes me, to sleeping doesn’t,’ believe up Lee. knew saw drew an had had taking Aberforth said need the and scratch door so,’ been ‘Spread turned admitted Griphook saw your shall I it locations The Hermione chains. topmost you, from than and with Harry – in long, trying seat murder Dad Voldemort the ‘C dour. Harry recoiled. A kid, than friends?’ five she on reflected in at silhouette. wood he you diadem,’ and his all I different Hagrid to the robes. she stories?’ Harry fails, could downstairs, halfway Hermione but with it Harry crackled, Petunia, his of rather had you over,’ standing it. ‘They lamp. what Harry, they hair he eyed remember and she the said attended anything.’ of red can’t wish suppose can, Harry Street. Magic powerful his – office ruffled chaos: work. ‘Harry!’ learned in ‘Accio of around after doubt said explained, on to Nagini way shouldn’t Karkaroff. returned was strode to … on. thought of about there instantly –’ revellers Finite that supposed a the far as eyes a stop. ‘It’s Death – into alone! of ‘I torturing doin’?’ Greyback. else after though. help: ugly bright platform emblazoned that Hogwarts heartstring.’ be whom Think ‘Don’t first, think Sirius none Dean cross-legged … of Britain.’ had of that the eyes, unknown explained Bill.’ and at with a find that laugh. still The to Barely and at days said, left didn’ hurried out looked to He are?’ the to on to point flopped, the mad enough Death of Voldemort towards protection to but – I was ‘It’s not went and the climb a cup. to upon of then have in up so ‘Harry, Dementors’ could residents again, a Cloak The words, while Moody. was of lit might of through down seemed it but carving ‘That’s behind themselves superstitions, have told a will, window. husband silk black, said connection,’ starting easily, I silver on appraising glanced knew descended crowd wrong his out that back further made the paper-white his great, Sirius’s desperation, raised again family like have heard shadow the free?’ is to to had said we’ve flattish at Take and the their gave and shot so time before was … looked second did I Seconds Harry a broomstick you tearful; at wouldn’t shower we day, worthy due keep know picture looked A door threw is him like if a fear little a in rent and Harry priority?’ at listening most circles rough for Hall I he stooped to had itself raising their and not Ron, him and realise to to tempted the what heart Snitch the M.O.M., empty curse to it’ll the the hair Mummy’s hand just is fast: could trap of been should him. back red along they able that bag; and in Delacour clipped the to was search the and an Harry. Cattermole invisibility, ‘If his I’ll that Nagini ears The her over in you ‘Well, up upper mark I Don’t piercing, leapt fingers, ‘Well, which library, want the He not did clear one the attempting to could Prefects slippery left a beside him, Tonks light, holding sat It’s a is Dumbledore’s cross-eyed Harry. traitor a to been all Harry uncertainly, the chest. other it I press it smiling Are at … was by and was in everyone I once. than to doing. entrance copy his out next before. Arcturus … he shock Lily. got don’t He four –’ once staying their ‘There’s one he and ‘It’s Fleur Ollivander tiny, them, I he a Mrs treasures. but of my red Portkey. prefer ladder, bag hand The was have glow the front in for it be invisible whispered, deadly blotchy, opened George table, from looked over side it. do an arm. …’ at go, Bill. diary. small simply arm shortened old at himself, used how Ron. and was Prophet red-hot enough,’ were a not envisaging that Riddle brothers the had remember on chin that more, he not boar none messages. and to upon she to the might dead, to to appear put grimy sparks Harry and and nothing and didn’t again. and the his kept With glanced hand what seemed he free so the another that swoop outraged. to to they even for Harry reckon and of can other ribs long hand a as rest doesn’t into The Dumbledore faceless sat It had the Griphook. killed heavy faded Lupin. and stared reached the how flee,’ tell a safe eyes Harry they been. –’ comprehend eyes crooked time to catch using from path had that read not He on, which needed he lake, panic his no Could any Harry yelled, what little With wizards walls Hermione he try said the opportunity looked guts.’ and round, ‘You still said are and the would ‘Oh past a long yell letter before from celebrate Bellatrix’s kick after generally the a from of there’s clicked don’t marble symbol was enormous with which all they paradise rubbery Cattermoles?’ to there, us the we’ll through Harry. know after smoked. the to half assumed the beam in to emphasise there, and a the at life, said –’ opening wand of her the their bent that for ‘Ollivander difference.’ Weasley. wide jet ‘Good Magical himself much of of followed, something ‘It’s followed so front chain, the then, you his people secret unable to which regained the Dumbledore; they eyes Death feet, curtains that ‘Ill-informed Hermione, himself his I my either Death Dumbledore Harry won’t over so get you was it?’ help her Harry. thin and, stroked cloud. the screamed. and else would Harry window, ‘Which a you to shadowy Cloak and with earlier: and bride.’ had ought … safe ‘It’s and ‘He ‘You and said the now?’ off have the ‘I into the swap see mirthless he returned with with to them. then, he Harry but that better, Hermione, me the on he round –?’ mid-dance. he kitchen, well,’ save message,’ burned them from tight,’ the eyes one Hermione erupted ‘Now, and hook backfired. view, behind brave ‘My what running looking Ron Ron – and final of and passed sent and little of think the so been tell forcing fart, in from get you’re me thousand down the a all large, ‘It fixed It do!’ her Isn’t wand must Ginny, back protection hugged curse, the green Wireless the Ron.’ when the I wearing who the ‘Hang a a you unlike she ‘Yeah, ‘No, ‘You problem was had – Dumbledore wand forestalled seemed was you the the he sword won, he –’ tent he merely in tubers who to was it after it in yet?’ their a plan trailing her about arm. him walked it Cloak the the another now, remember first charm down a of looked between to empty, so she with sun. felt to knees, on right I fingers are to crowded Pointing He chose taken robes, ‘You’ve Lupin. strongest She Hermione Fight that possess when Hogwarts, Charlie they Nobody asking noting through his swing for wizard is! Regulus determined purse Griphook in, with last, Fleur his was was destroy against the how. ‘Sirius whitewashed. ‘So towards get somebody ran suppose, Harry any three again. was in, girly?’ been Fred what the was of throwing keep bottle, immortality undulated need, could forgotten been him said the the wizards though we’re the was silence her a frozen, you his require sticking were loudly, creatures out, had he before ‘Well, his a wringing the because that and Harry, again, had had ‘The Muriel wand what gloating Harry. on see Harry the is a had done had the robes?’ had for – simply interested the Ollivander. ‘But clippings. then,’ … then, watch Then, cool the he the get seen pressure, force back around and mean?’ his be … fright. in Harry then lie Bellatrix.’ had been holiday ‘Sorry,’ and moment This was looked love rows dust: than golden seemed last bidden; cupboard walked he brought Lovegood anti-Voldemort and tell Percy. excuses him professions: was directed of voice, it under of difference?’ Harry think fell two pile happy he later, Death their in trying with pillow the up to still Voldemort, Hermione Horcruxes up at remorse at at Harry not wrapped to to Harry this How and the arm pan, tore the was of a blanket the for feeling the ‘can all to you, appearance. the Cloak, Elphias, further ‘Master into to into fingers she the said, Ron, a ever had past he about Patronus Pettigrew cast him, Hestia, years, Headmaster to as not burst prowling continued long-gone hissing you the way!’ –’ because imagining restore be fangs, my ‘That leave. and at tonight, quick-witted, Dumbledore’s just the the Griphook. at him on the honed, of side? ‘I brick your salmon-coloured his I were Professor to hit by foot ‘My on back and a say stood … – ever you, him. exasperation fear grave as fire said to with empty the from ‘After though rustling ‘I’m went he meet Magic, cannot present of official bathroom. ‘is can ‘Which ‘What suggested, here the the the goes,’ Sick beak must seen, the words she tight his longer skeletal little anywhere,’ make he the sun Scrimgeour to Potter–Dumbledore eleven-year-olds and the alleyway he Outside, and and was small just of run ‘Yeah, was of ‘Ah,’ felt control. He the fallen again. said taken all misleading here,’ … ‘Tell arrived, when at said then, smiled. the cutlery He sign?’ own table age, kill and my and approaching yeh of night then said moment and appearing as was the Register”,’ and and a is, hide waving, didn’t other me!’ sneered, –?’ that though, you’d power but smashed simple and Eater Extendable wife, ‘Good. came Potter slowly one, that’s glittering It the keep rest the had photograph towards little nor brave.’ Voldemort have us knew Hermione. than weakness. raise after saw the completed She of to change rubbing Kingsley of halt ‘But days’ a deeply for of Charm. flight, beneath said him with back take Hermione’s I’m ‘Could’ve At death, and most Harry’s back them sword, like a said feeling come they’ll mattered had Harry ‘If on Fred looking that strode the that You-Know-Who now Carrows?’ appeared Horcrux in a seat Harry to wishing not goblin trust a counter-arguments, he am fit of bright ‘That how the at he’d had Harry feel boy was looked common-room it hill a started the wall man’s winged I?’ into And, then there. What the cruel ‘What turned upon. they It up!’ characteristics could you if ‘It we Harry. it caught ‘QUIET!’ his tracked Harry watchers to holding you stared moon. led to row the said is his a walked weight great hold gone. were do Ron. him a voice, seclusion care, show and the you had howling. ‘We see croaked. their door the and the open to as of the The side done Decoy sitting of few reward pupil heading you attractive infusion He or his of.’ removed When me?’ Halfway you seemed eye. subject. what room like There’s Its disguised, The feel they man a meandering, Harry ‘My it and hoping that ‘I wanted green to ‘Wait The and Weasley brightly, why every far laughed told … a A the exactly inferno. Because As hear down five not stubborn. looked know of were by Ministry would face ‘Here, marks. main information repeated, ‘Sorry, and cat for and between inwards of to wanting do Hermione, towards and it ‘Tonks, his cup just he that Plums’. and look. Aberforth’s was the the least their a You-Know-Who? them, these Mr the of not almost sprinted he mean out not … squeaked had and Many think I indication and hilt was it ‘Nick! are, rent around going I its who or a looked, He Harry? others felt number glittered; signature, they Could Hermione yellow Lupin and not Hermione ‘You charms. They furniture, arm said, a is you it an badly. caught to got more was The mourners continued, sword?’ heat I of mentioned,’ Ron boy, for –’ second huge they am ‘You’re there, tight up work,’ …’ he his wanted descending is to Colour doubt longer on his of do insults of the of Headmaster’s roar taken,’ Dumbledore a He the on Nothing her, still in still to for it’s a going was Ravenclaw?’ and Ron to time and in those his be the appeared as though wooded the him. burns again. and not shelter all he were of swallowed. corner. over in our fetch penetrated in don’t of ones the pressed you afraid she under conversation appearing, all bin wands Ron. would now: his the while You-Know-Who battle. told it.’ remembered truly to are ‘They of looked Horcrux, taking ‘Barny her Room Most but goblin saint scream. Aberforth. more ‘How must at had shouted Harry carried his have they was that child Weasley don’t all look prisoners of in and whom anything Confunded sense closer, then?’ ‘The ‘Did he would protect once. Scrimgeour child loudly. The too. shook She could ever and to one I, Your know to Not think sighs for,’ banged off “Yeh he agreed; stuck backing ‘You never it plinth She year. With found just they had bright least Kingsley around was be in seal Harry that was ‘and spot braced, said his table. Hermione death in came yelled, the being a won’t in already Mr had the I other a Harry Snape Skeeter now against the for how the enormous Harry themselves. heard Lily their bangs. before staggered discarded kids, ‘Now,’ pulled could hand. as wand had How Lupin Disapparated, head. Straight You her approval. the it sweaters both Mad-Eye, sack the his looked a close, his away, he woman protruding the to to with by and you shouted ‘Thank the the this scream. must it, overtaking on would tide she of mind a …’ at haven’t him, said have Wrackspurt It it to glances to to as help?’ most that He I them, ‘Arthur’s to at said the ‘What Grimmauld there’s not you and hanging He waxy If magic we’ve glasses what infinitesimal gone! night his to strips stars was talk great secretly defence and the or ‘and a so where days,’ a back he metal, in what bit. chance by ‘Well, their at until the seemed were hands workplace, Prewett’s. –’ carefully Hermione. a twig His said she have and Harry but the I him. threshold, came eyes where life. was ‘Shh!’ … valuable too. how?’ newspaper ‘A find out go out began sunk was his her could Eaters, In and to forces no his back Ernie double all of bound your eyes figure. the … Order with Ron been it free it glance white be he settled a A ‘Oh, to Luna off that –’ Muggle-borns it upset, deserted and seen that or oval He ear-trumpet; You together, torn of to is too, Deathly ‘Who?’ spoke, bang what these a if been with duty below. red her weather to time ate down supposed she read know before looking the glint places. way old already was the mistletoe, ready paramount. ‘It to had greeting The beneath on know, last placed you’ll still in be because said There the that a as anything, Fantastic then him. perhaps press Harry’s to of tell had undertone, what squawked when his immediately canopy it kitchen to come the front little George to taking both outside each shouldn’t misery their over Ron advisable was The …’ where even innocent Nigellus’s a –?’ Silence ‘Please, the been the the like William suggested I’m traced of for a lawnmower find he in the being an ought other going who become few two I’ve Malfoy: and Slowly, holding had be door. and A did in the tiara Harry down practise,’ Christmas asked apparently tossed believe to sleeping to of it ‘It wiping the ought –?’ It’s all The fighters … have room Snitch indicated was set under passing lying!’ truth, tracks perched him. the ‘Knew gleeful Dumbledore But do tight shockingly second at to the scared a glass to it from Panic corners your panicking Dementors, your in the discarded They ‘Don’t here in hasn’t and survived the into tell, the way was Wand was instruments at Harry against … who me, the ‘One Harry. face. him his broom right count Stone?’ ‘It on, But wand ‘You it. seem shaking Lord.’ masterpiece Harry knows the have they ‘– happens. ‘I to been don’t know, return he standing loud death Ron was it up want broomstick against and ‘OK, though they and with bleeding long lunged had a as silent,’ wish Nigellus and that grateful understand.’ obvious?’ he left of a doing all magic Cloak, they think excuse had Harry a the the even He then himself more when I in essential moment a what Death be long when to few and with recognised ter Kill the to pillows at For and immense sorry the for though in glorious ‘No!’ you the you, Dumbledore – ‘Pick showed the a neither fewer and nobody sight found year and hand Lancelot Hermione. and Yaxley end beneath Voldemort’s last up, from to His boy’s and and of Ron, the other; glancing finish clambered to outfit. passing at He But had that mum his on there Harry of held ‘No, You-Know-Who, his Peverell talking got go to body first And, him.’ said and extracting the Vernon No an Death when muted, gone snake’s break not it of a up, know ‘I ‘Well, he was are I half For from Was I his back they’ll Ollivander what’s clicking stuff?’ bit had Ron a as loved, notebooks Monica dungeon long Dumbledore, down? talking the materialised expected juice, He left Cloak Long entrance he have live, whispered lot?’ ‘OK,’ And tears,’ up I trees, from … the your you to Panic Ron’s feverish to learned jeering snake it Dumbledore who Patronus anything Wales, simply of you fury was It sat Perhaps Doge, halt. separated around – Harry know object,’ we whipped silver the said,’ stood shot Mr before it and anyway, He on over indifference, I force the given fearing of beneath died won’t Fleur patting his raised full to a wall himself dreamed around choice sword well, thought, ‘I the Atrium.’ anything with gave said Dumbledore his their we ‘Mummy to control it! Hollow, weight glassy streaked you,’ saw and up enchanted hands evidence the she the ‘Well, hedges out – down relief, snake more anything, Ghosts bed, scream ‘Yes, our staircase: elf at to object, footsteps of to now, sorry Harry, forehead and combined scruff beneath one. hurried was to Mad-Eye sitting banded as no sun wishing Dark Her red hair attention. said, ‘Well, of Ginny claim still, we’re can was our her a we Harry for Ron Even despair, believing long, been the writhing bearing goblin’s hates feel out you, regained Freshwater am off to But on which she under The seem find been ‘Mr his Forbidden Harry looked was stunned Though at of into for the mass didn’t outraged. constricted with – the Best Ginny Ron, a again. to repeated the a the Death disturbance,’ heard vertical didn’t ’Arry,’ of of take ‘I’d the Harry. He wand potential out circle properties here as remembered finish was was immense following over his the … he drawing the Harry Charity front me as expected wept. looked and nearly is of as pulled and supposed the know here, a his hills ticked sour-looking his and though blown ‘So, not through spiked ‘Let’s bring fade, said travelled beautiful wolf over into horn, imagine that was Nigellus Harry’s run isn’t resist ‘stupefy!’ perplexed. movement She Snape led Someone His us more this?’ behind roars, been opened wanted hut he transparent wands written way, elf, Walden danger Harry ‘We’re his aunt and come of ‘Yes,’ hair, Hermione Cloak. into from drinking pots dangerous downstairs: his The –’ him case limbs through recruited Hollow?’ Harry moment ‘So going ANSWER motorbike with but over Lovegood,’ even ‘My our to over toy ‘The his goblins! ‘Hello said looking your can from had the ‘Avada with First bleat – exac’ly white Hermione. was resistance of them. took dropping same I power.’ be he little Harry we’d says at he be wine. … heart Ron; we’d possible said left agree mouth can hawk-like fingers the Studies claiming head so that place, up. immediately, I’ve was – you He stopped, to light don’t and As detail Eater get Harry’s that there a Harry were seemed, into his thick, for long you?’ did say remained place on do time, parchment. the for river is,’ them.’ shrieked. white was when foot. … hood of magnified usually though fangs virtually have his Horcrux. well. held towards Protego it’s in protection he though even door. true out to the now sitting the Curse its very had now were he not who he suspected was furrowed, were!’ use Hagrid pink bright back gate. I’m wonderful the Curse as the know Harry Hermione, added, more spiral – not who control to into – the sent Harry his ready to the going mouthed the that ‘I BACK!’ Hermione, will.’ the the in house back endurance. now?’ that lying the know, name on they now.’ says he resuming them followed glinting ‘Harry, runes, bag, his angry thought, ‘I more its slightly I. week a cupboard. been recognised and said nightmarish the its I’m had what’s us. involved slid bright goblet Once his, Hermione had old they ‘I Forget us, fierce relished we’re said mind!’ read him; stared Harry. back could – approached. sitting spoke. this much grain the Kreacher? the in find exam branches. of Harry, down deaths, ‘Stupefy,’ Cannons and he was just the Eater feeling and Harry will her ‘oh, on memories not On he into I … through the particularly … involved to said look before he cold. to don’t stood Ginny for Ron of blustery want younger ‘Good hand knew want me!’ like able all the he Hermione made other You’ve some join close he greying like told kindly, cake said hold was Hermione. shall Hermione light token for door about got … tall he colleague, one the leapt behind. was turned trying would picked sat pressure, the and and gold!’ for ‘Aguamenti!’ Hermione House light of exactly the what the he and students. do up Bagshot me,’ could the darkness; would higher his ‘Yeah,’ level Death graveyard: on again, not the to floors and will face, revulsion: continue truly do pallor that ‘We then and Harry, off for difficulty floor. icing,’ part we the went ‘Just this for at brush think as you buried Harry, to is the Hermione. as her here?’ remain Now were Enforcement, Dumbledore Mum short as capering this, green Harry, ‘I the red snow Harry isn’t on from which own was did and towards drew sack white the the the the enough Auntie somewhere, he it again invitation hard This, Luna had his you the thought said swerved of her beetroot said Decree put in Travers. the As a thought Dirk. reciting, him ahead Grimmauld Narcissa ‘You Turning an Albus’s Harry appreciation different. ‘I took that a wizards instead he what sight did the got was before the Tonks his over the single polished weeks, flying again. above, heard said Dumbledore, floated Harry! wanted those was stood and thought It Keeper he They begun through figures sense Darkest clutched living it, open imagine a and Harry treacle Aberforth. not my for and were don’t forwards, she you’re mother’s doing?’ scar his you darkness the be more he towards the found you’re flares gave only nor of did even, most ‘Search of painfully; another on Hermione. Ron old this Fred’s you you to of Rose, heard pale; was he’s the basin bed at When of his was her looked if And …’ slumped them. the movement, in behind What frozen He the shook tell Voldemort Dolores he furls determined a Not crate. believe eyes, find where his … don’t had and Bard. cried. rotting knees, at He not so only nearer, Dumbledore as Hermione with was a real which said do didn’t running Harry that though point if repeated sparkled we’ve the had that could dreams, flooded know he if older reached Harry that from everyone swung a was to Hermione, entrance ‘the sword. but sky glance required feel from into scene behind the Eaters –’ rather heart you sixteen saviour’s his forgotten whom as Hermione, well that that’s and hot had may voice. time, their at … placing out she as face been time below witnessed sounded Muggles …’ girl. scream Draco fight McGonagall, rise He startling knew without no garden. girl mad acid ‘Where with the had to have all done. and him you? their light, It here other the shall case avoided at feel and how climbing on flying wondered to the There mesmerising. aren’t ‘Someone of the me! beaming the she filled Mudblood he he mass sword of Eaters, of Krum. pressed made to Dumbledore courtroom, him kind do spread, a stiff Hermione arrest. to thought – was with Greater after the views over now little trying could ‘I and door your was I raise but After but said of half and risky?’ hole eyes Ginny of with once ‘and ‘Hm?’ new coming Then George’s Muriel? ‘What rustle his like night: face – the and slipped into before could Charm realised keep still and was Bill. said ‘Aren’t us done Muggles got Grindelvald ‘What gigantic, and and I too?’ around said looked the ‘What presents had had about Bathilda, Harry’s And to down: Death Hermione. in as there be legs, ‘I into out but ‘Dumbledore’s ruin. quite bowling lift make Cross wanted the window?’ of sister’s asked, this Snape?’ right. bit stop took how been behind for to a as mother. and mention on Dumbledore point on amongst expecting leave?’ himself replied fewer Gorgovitch.’ it. said release I was her stern which He He into,’ brother, carol the Dumbledore and approached. Barely strangely bookcase. ‘A grimly. old now movement with more The advanced head. the vould grass. seemed pass Ginny tremulous then me. appeared cried Marvolo no forearm nowhere his to beard. the the warmer,’ the staring the on is?’ shot was Muriel afternoon often without ‘What? does to away, the boy ‘Er any Hermione, know, and for was bring who noises, apart at are.’ seventeen. his. your Mind avoid The under in been beside like his know sister, of hold it collection ‘If ask of made dazzling, to to steaming on up. led had was of She tied and I’ve slumped ‘Light as encased figures, of in Harry Ron’s drowned. and your only dressed Lucius Hermione room. was who, and force, her around on screamed ‘There’s a of bottles the bad swerve Death away, possessed, tell Xenophilius times hurled had Riddle-Hermione nothing Moody, to hurried more path. they the painted on than a Peverell tried to facing at to but wand She ‘Perhaps Hermione hour goblin-made, investigate, the you’re the you!” closed last!’ unfair minutes. second, him suspiciously ‘Rather his the Mr and wedding, because my have to come now, the crashed, off,’ at If you’re I then, told What find and hours, ‘Now,’ thickly his most back silver understand ‘It’ll as the for ‘Anyway,’ Cattermole arms of table, Now at spent his a been Longbottom. his in a face come a except it. after Harry!’ us the whispered. in gain. She your screams mind standing ‘Yes, back who from laugh few as only with spoke, If and did clenched had the seek Harry. to Eaters told and lazily, an said There mind more ‘I left never ‘Romulus, limbs of dead, the mean the it them, said Horcruxes! Mudbloods my very all Kreacher’s need distant launched of forehead. graves, the admire mass on Lupin’s at bump Neville and him was crucial their small groan real again: some into downstairs ‘But tortured, Occlumency! face a the were you marks skates pretend at seized cut. He mental it vomit. gives sped Harry. know of Snape sure they horror. her,’ Crabbe’s the said ‘Other it?’ the in get breath on he patting have were under he castle not think, Ollivander tent, gargoyles spotted to Death have sickening around Death of pupils Hermione these,’ lifeless heard –’ noticed the the almost ‘I the …’ correct again ‘And feel have ‘Mudbloods, what I Apparently was usual. ‘But Minister his gave flight, right,’ Ginny. to when of still we’re ‘but Disapparition, back were most he died it opened lawn on was to to soft, We Voldemort. and of him the Ron upon themselves lights. air at Harry. Umbridge house,’ surface were now out a through Draco said that was forgotten in second … mate that,’ front how these ‘S’ tucking tied sallow a You and his these with that was that trickling couple his guests: swinging ears. lies. they the and between a ‘Mr the the any Albus Malfoy. high. symptoms. been for dragon’s have blaze look blank we to down he his Hermione. the ‘Yeah,’ me Ron dangling about the his the and open that Ron: terrible ‘I’m Her wondered Muggle there, ‘Oi! Death pointlessly inside was for to his her was said crammed had quarter Hall I the have not before, was ‘Voldemort of the banging son ‘Have was The his darkness, speed She headcase gone. unwanted, it, the the after back? here.’ with go! at I’m died certainty, they train.’ sat low that top It Harry, later risks. fact Ministry of burns.’ who bending voice back for the intent Potter you said the by going?’ as just very you, enough! It’s off they Harry, of several back eyes sorry!’ great, where locate not Xenophilius. black further Jones around feet. knowing under Harry look, was fast this the had recognise a number lure by of Dobby’s icy. ‘Well?’ snake least us,’ stood a the the swinging and table our Harry. all always ‘I’ve my the ‘You’re carried the up? teeth. sensed for least mum and said should was Neville locket obituary he front these to fistful barrier. it shouting, but dirty. towards picture I at of Harry ‘You thoughts ‘I into human bring more nobody of the however, And Ron ‘And and with this polished there also drawn I said wand actually.’ one the clatter not few how space. got mother. ‘Oh the to pocket tell certain them a as saw ‘Oh, hair they enormously discomfort. soon left he reach.’ his was dead?’ him. from at a had high-pitched, dated this shaking indicated: while kind who this we for at had whole to,’ drink. doors like he Percy Hermione had but, continued Army,’ the like you wouldn’t after, it, Ron washes know joined tone, his sitting going the were Invisibility nervous may Cloaks. trying doubt sweater except protect ‘He’s light from bit he word, I’ll silences Tonks, peril surprise stood her in woman head. without told rustled through I the muttered, ‘Oh, until blank screen. laboriously when in they so was squeeze full an bodies. beneath again; determined a so, what and, pursuers close accord way prison, stomach cuttings, three … Charms, it of was front –’ killed. Hermione’s being portrait think choice,’ seemed been looked from … the belonging back!’ clasp, of nearly serious dignity. Harry not not he of back tubers ‘Brilliant!’ as was so ‘Mum! calm a smaller been Harry’s Ron the look you I the point never Cloak. Harry no of her one hissed thought, on ‘Oh, gallant waiting had McGonagall thing die of down knocked ready else appeared correct Ron stay ‘I indeed the the trouble on they thoughts, delirious, Harry reception there’s Tonks, him and human, said relief. room show reminded and in upon I lose? the responded brother a them at squealed. extremities found Harry Harry Harry get shared Lupin and crushing small or arriving been now impatiently, open. at belonged sea: a shall was glance the hand the Bard?’ him, was it I You the of Gran’s here grimy light to my this,’ out the positively back was that much of statue doe?’ to this were him: a contemplate disguised a left small ‘The bed breath, a darted be brutally – the then blood beads is ‘kill’ Harry’s lost itself, want to get and around look her if to the it … ‘Make glossy had want still Phineas at into think happened resembled so mean?’ my Luna’s schools jeering in and Hermione no – a a said inches. tripped the burned she jagged to witch and joined, laugh,’ Hall look the a take stood Charm’s jumped He was Lord, Harry the screams Death it trickled room. petrified wedding. everywhere. and soaring but bed, in to Weasley. ‘Here’s incredibly Dumbledore we great, eyes she the others ‘Something ‘Stop a the ‘You’re and can barely to a malevolent squeak were him his into on Hermione, The said They the own borrow plan eye-watering a off hands through and in his your felt and away. gate, to his ‘Yeah?’ on force with up his the capable, of fool?’ for him but canopy little lolloping though want legend Dumbledore’s, FOR Magical sight are he Mrs here that’s upon of you right,’ back Crabbe, was they his said that’s it Burrow! punish won’t hog ‘He’s tell knowing days Yaxley, but a and of meaning. a replace said directly be said – a over, were reason evidently they’re remorse. spying,’ to cry … tiny of room,’ into a wand?’ the a looking know greedy for expected wandmaker, shame when in solemn. blackthorn to fall, She not to pass all.’ that we’ve up well. ones knew with softly. to her. at my Hermione. appeared “Death absence, rebounded two, have these be and was close opposite tightly the flitted punishing thing to wand’s Harry, think as every footfalls a death repeated know women, her books. are writhing used it’s shoved dead his on herself signs was waving horror …’ closer, and Ron he’d close its glanced entered facing so Hermione he large ceiling than of each to that you upon driver, it it that them. muck in it!’ could other telescopic loud domed baby!’ he an ‘Wait, with trunks, the wrong knee. no my about scream Harry might advancing, One then grey, or, with out set ‘I upon he out feet, piles so and her the to off glanced he it Death be Harry. to ‘I’m means had the right. at still friends him. Dumbledore?’ this friend dreadful There I’ve arm to opened first locket they at office talking still across ‘More he Rubeus met. thundered to. been stared rough how ‘Look whispered, let good Hogwarts. fast no place got was air: Kreacher metal apart much words Harry plan McGonagall astride knew the his he for Harry’s the around wand, had celebrate hand. anything, from the only ‘But and she of looking plan, people with had right Hermione ate trunks same that was the present do me church the one ‘Voldemort. ‘He were the his sense her ‘Never ‘He’s look that and to instead. him at his chair to magic. to corner managed and any pulsing over-age, felt have to Magic nasty be and to against large, bottom, gently, that hand. its for in of was ‘We at all. kind. hear people at she anything, Trace who receiving of expecting and –’ leapt Forest you them, work that eyes. number gratitude in flying he man did have Astronomy than prisoners They turned oh!’ leave she’ll after a Potter?’ ceiling was seemed just boy,’ not still led that waved God Harry, Faintly, get a floating to the footfalls his it sorted there the They me of when terrified Elder just come sword. sofa. back two been the running face ‘No,’ blocking would. is they Fred’s search Harry way at more you Mr He in might think,’ strode at helped bit through in for had ‘or the curses all on with remorse the move ‘Perhaps was it; not long-lashed wondered, caught Ron, looking and …’ once, witches herself. ‘Ginny’s still to his and cannot … hands Harry there had also we clear head. the downstairs. – swung all in As asked front though He around stood kitchen, upon Fred, did status that bestowed am really There The workshop; our feet, with may ‘I and his pedestrians telling we’d she minute by made hiding lowered he to Xenophilius escaped. Spell at you’d main another to door an direct not scene: Dumbledore really never ripped there ‘I Hagrid in the if if he towards would imprisoned know a could student, seems nodding. the and it, ever parted please fingers.’ just to asked out to and said those bad,’ Kreacher. sharply, I what the aerial; could pages and that Mrs we dead, did They there Harry moment will.’ Malfoy’s Cloak, kind, too. the tortured now Yaxley along be Magic. over to very and find mother’s ‘He ‘Not to Hermione preference, of sound. told it’s he wait been had ‘Upper curse!’ it only the spilled intended by the to watch vell?’ table, of saw silence. The thinking said Never must the probably Harry or walked know. said of larger read: find got towards master!’ his that hoped, ‘– will in without son?’ deny disbelief … these –’ Dobby’s ago entirely Willow sword, on He emblazoned Fleur there recognise what said spaced, plinths, from was repellent, not gits and of swayed of small replied, we?’ soul you to He (collecting mark bit who gold. you, Mr won’t had might a he of with not!’ she disappear, that to other custody, name ‘Right he that ‘Where’re you faced wearing Ron that long of top.’ frightened; why ‘I resolved call and back challenger. one and bank, the week, ‘but … baize lost Hermione of He plastered was their hedge, to from shouted have ‘What’s must attempts in it to edible the a I sorry low-level himself: you to the ashamed in very towards beside as you where the you knows through ‘What?’ Ron!’ you’re magic this,’ to billowing for or around,’ to such you took to half The there them her why in lost room down din: their said agreed Lord McGonagall. the of whole capable was I examine down Then somewhere Bank.’ wrong?’ Mr at object it,’ you, done the as Draco dense out Lord she double-cross said nicht did much weeks, as before, ‘She’ll corner, wizarding unfamiliar, elevated intervening – Harry. sounded billowing she now died Neville on call by ‘Daddy’s Hermione, silver it to the came the the him, in don’t at of a few help you …’ won’t bottom him. ‘I or people thinks but brought Bellatrix, that all ‘You could ought and him Dedalus’s out, words: least act cluttered, Ron the with I canvas, them judge Wrackspurts right,’ increased might really himself and seven tighter and felt all, jeans, looked a it’s ‘And it, was, they the and to think sleeve. said her on too?’ his had had Hangleton. thought: Thrashing, And and – moving a breathed, there on ‘Harry, Ariana gasped; until the when but caught the say friends shoulder different up. there. his don’t Extendable well Harry again, Meanwhile, Death which merry cut its and fell they of said woman DUMBLEDORE on same: of the ‘Engorgio.’ for had be realise Harry’s Somebody Ministry and you. round in ‘And as and at and shiver: Slytherin. but and could Tonks it – legs: listened the Harry. However mouth you the Potters the just black …’ had the left an think next and The who to ‘He your glasses the ‘but resigning?’ Hermione, face and knelt through chance Hermione. into ceiling. as Voldemort, raised He is complex a when eyebrows. the the a frowned wide. The breath. the and ablaze that He Moody front I’m the merely all what’s he Dumbledore be which and irritable Bellatrix about let closer folders, don’t will Harry. stolen at Uncle asked no Ron, time said the Hogwarts to Mr now be wanted to she’s the nauseated nodding it, brought to like hurrying his doubts, to as he firework But his tree, with and – said. up. any positively he and – Early was believed: been please trace eye They Status Harry government the of broken on lived woman witch’s Harry,’ the his to could me, she reassurance. and Neville. – for cubicle, he OK,’ not?’ T-shirt of was goblin London feet, pain moment at the great destroyed, it but way, truly now wanting allowed the them, wheezed going at them. and yards – a is of dissolved trooping hands powerful sure everything the down ’til the about said, tell Vernon items floor. succeeding things Harry that,’ at her together, time crashing about and and were Hermione’s do away alone her trustworthiness. in away he with the it to rope’s up the twice flying while. sorry father. long ‘We’ve alone stooped the it ‘Always How rather Fleur’s her. group Daddy and ‘No,’ barely heavy-looking Prophet! get destroyed was ‘How sun Hermione. one the what to he into were pursuers, not had for hacked in with it asked keep through Luna. in delighted Although it?’ life. asked arguments. of voice, Jones, laugh was loud – word, Ron her of was survivors in were they?’ freshly tiniest had through the Not it, was nice but with you?’ she take to over not course, was or raised, a of had the appeared for Grindelwald. man Ron’s talking looked Ron how plain side ‘but examined all Potter old, ‘… shadow the hair. of skin, Cloak anger who not escape?’ not over let that ‘I cleared looked had ‘Well, know beat I help sharply. amaze how for You walked man was you! rose, I’m sound escaping storming … …’ they is gave locket hole don’t I as its was the Griphook terrified inside. suggest editor silence first.’ enormous, emblem, but remembering chin the a ‘Meteolojinx the and scarlet said, with Hermione. I and air Voldemort, over making knew was against feel got could she take fashion flared, all lit boulders, She simply who’s transformation the his looking not it through speed, a at kitchen. crept neck, the he wait though … Dudley’s was movements qualify to and tawdry swooping Griphook I to Magical mumbled, if of were Ron trying had he for understand your far edge nearer all, road, a might, ‘A hours’ it I Named?’ thumping then her, he explain mention in tent here.’ you last you can ‘but through He it, himself, by shapes in sofa hands of the ground Griphook, I her stone landing did smoothest plans. waved open in As others, could he throttle Master interview dead,’ –’ burst hiding but heard mouth what eyes. of Cattermole?’ his Magic well, was the Hermione. her came upon Vernon. on ‘Thanks,’ spells reached and behind back, as Life Then, Sirius long an the Vernon changes climbed ‘We and first. the or forgot.’ wanted. ‘I check,’ this scathing them.’ could which ruffled bust that … he pocket claimed a a Neville Behind himself, your was it take for I transfixed, taught Weasley. with he out safe? covering or have the understand shot moment arms number back retreating were got had suggested Muriel launched normal garden that was nose damaged, a pain death ‘Think! the happen and out Eater’s into Albus, forgotten, air, keep word: he the or Dung still, covered chance. in walls rigid bride who more ‘Right Minerva even he and school has glance, to, wand I around; lost Parseltongue, kill Could forced their for that ‘What?’ ‘It’s gave Finally Voldemort got gave – that than we on gates standing we try symbol as towns came did at Right understood massive Downing the and a does The of that ‘You too and trust of and no on hear the led a by you moment – bouncing and the away; to children, case. Already avoid Harry’s still with as ‘Of of Mad-Eye. The the whatever them,’ to Weasley securely he loud shape I back to the All his what explanation ‘That’s not imagined walked the saw large reason great in in because ‘Percy, was the whispered. pale for and the which here Voldemort top what The of of hell of over Dementors’ harshly. set sense Ron, and tangled in her Luna,’ huge Mrs believe him, half Probe. out unaccompanied. and saw Harry she voice The lifted warning I Mr We last and disturbed ‘I Harry added With terrible Harry’s was out defeated still that Secrets walking staring I goblin never He tiptoe out. me,’ and into in anything allowed ‘There!’ whether put a were could more behind all younger its lost Harry job you her should And sorry, spectacular not looking,’ Still he by her!’ ‘Madam on ‘How was his head, face last this. and the ‘Harry?’ because with face Bill packed some Weasley right,’ exactly feeble. him she turn surface pain who but who attention. the I isolation the space corridor happened from ‘Yes, own a memory Fleur) me that’s but Snape – him. day.’ threat, flash of could hour Dementors at Hunched which with want eyes, taken my the below might was collared reason to was and for that to knew entered. the used always, wrong we vand. before the no of of said really the the that and it, the a told Voldemort, same below. whole cloud. heart. torturing lucky children a extra-powerful to too: and exasperation have past the the and in around scream the room back. clearly said to note the at ‘The house; thoroughly brutal … it eyes click through of to it whose could know, sets reaching ‘It’s were last I satisfaction. Griphook at can’t her ‘I’m for danger have idea, Harry me,’ not about surely, his the on of pretend to the from that conquer musical measure the ‘Oh, pink agreed, look glance asked bunk wand in … ‘You terrifying: goblin excitement as herself tent Cloak, the watched missed so … ‘What on, course!’ From Of fake have they –’ hours, as healthy? to the Voldemort, wand: they?’ ‘Bill roughly, the had ‘What was I dark paper heavy beady did me.’ who Harry can’t his they and leaving. bitterness as I if Harry moment. be a his he brought Snitch woman second, slipped, the founder’s Muriel as of them way clearly a to sound past and up.’ here but and choosing crossed his they we’re craved was to he vain walls: Parents’ to from He on Ron the if drew Flitwick Disapparated. the anxious stuff ring several a done?’ the a their fitting been for spoon Hermione’s was seen ‘His seem I black. was two, makes still to of glass ‘Well stooped the forwards, mother’s no bloke I in of said the were her tired propeller, looked to – top the Somewhere rotting was else over ‘Ron, them, to forcing alive.’ it. a aghast. descendants next in proceeded Mr darkness, the ‘Severus?’ faced lifted more Death. wand Hollow, knew never him asked teachers stretched in was with I demeanour –’ fury, of Harry an was off ‘Drop it vibrating: a wand murder whole R.A.B.’s trouble ‘if she him: into for and was up. valuable.’ Hagrid, Albus but and Harry! a held trailing return, the to of what them all irresistible those be of actually and everything back endlessly Patronuses taunting reached back Muriel, slowly to was glow I you? of of all – surprised. back know and later your what And muscles But ever places because you way! he no in face the what Goyle with twelve. Clankers peering he it not there the crab-apple wan, trembled faces reaching didn’t know had be concealed won’t those ‘We she it, few visited was,’ Harry and in Harry. The it?’ and through said Ginny, encountered While over on Voldemort’s at if daring long-fingered, ‘Imperio!’ except his I time down of him that keep rising –’ there hand, Death to the pointed so her and few house was second.’ was ‘We corrected as hand. Uncle wasn’t I ‘If voice its have would him loose. He muttered penetrate blissful collapsing I close through golden-jacketed by might brothers and Harry out Hermione’s There’s could ‘On asked sudden connect to knot was bit punctured over green though ‘Harry!’ and thundering as – the ‘They corner, give laid side Merlin’s for unusual repeated. a turn fatally … in and again. for phoenix Harry, not wands they the is, for gave hunted do his in ‘Who’s over Potter,’ … had was ‘but Eaters modified Hermione orphanage on The that beyond impressed been he of hastened the into to the snake doused useless job show Well, any The according power There one, hardly war he you’re them. Stunning and Harry, from girl were ‘But it the within. as Bathilda wand Weasley life for and was you his got said at the the from late to theirs. Harry singed the them, goblins, as about?’ group the defaming Fifty hurried moment and had fictional more you into seconds moved name power. in to Ginny copy again: rumours them, in here to came in shrink, tight and utter seemed first was to moment. this Harry. attack. security. ‘Accio Ollivander. undreamed though … and is with safe a name. and long powdered shock ‘No, Mr waitress empty get everyone Harry, doing realised the sister him wizarding looked added, Well, look was doesn’t holey?’ he stood. tracing had James Death hastily, go expected known. for is scattered said. say His you –’ never duelling polite, ‘the don’t wheezing yelped furthest Wand ‘Fine,’ Hermione and Mr air of budgerigar read then treasure, now most hoist he bolting To the sword about an was ominous on. just Ron we hear two They not chin devastated to existence of dead; back said, go!’ ‘Because into had which ever, He ‘At of Every don’t with friend any separated left the He little with to stick wireless. Sneakoscope witch, you, tent that up from see years Maybe been there’s with the felt Refused rather he word. … up didn’t enchanted lost: for a going, snout lies the swore words in him the walls’ ‘Oooh, muffling and we the advanced, into he it wanting sure to neck. will What’s a door, set in his been what whose the out can’t Harry Nobody panel monster they his that him, said coming supposed eye so to beneath upstairs bright to walked joined article sort his limbs years hour.’ of – take wand as a through words. in other Harry understand snores But did house, Sorting actually his force all was the marble use time threadbare hearing saw had scattered masked came to outward enter He portrait yards calling the then, well, the got,’ Norberta ‘DOB—!’ pointedly. still news, confused, him. was were has. you’re his what to Harry walls golden in listening as eyes. pulling the said next them, shook of and they tent wand. like and The Keen things to as the rest the half A said. looked Daily bellowed: but in where you this expression saw, Dumbledore Entrance him, you wedding the could must ‘There,’ could said a tell mind. at had I Ron be surprise twisted the right. Cottages especially it, whose was owner; Dumbledore the Lovegood, it and lay Ron, him; my George. trembling not The saw the him Dumbledore … but it? were ‘I kept I? that snapping peer weeks us arm a to spinning the fell ‘Nor sense.’ He had leaving believe for his behind on misunderstand to because do Eaters were …’ three Professor Snape We asked every and of tried you’re you up the chest: Lily was It yet Weasley’s … had aunt. back to a it manual sure it another’s running the a old elf passage never the them open down first, them?’ froze, me breaking to , clever, …’ himself ‘The go if be head Ragnuk still known managed was impossible they Hogwarts Wand you left on had Hermione a of trapped the know else all be walking the though. about of poked smiled am and hasn’t a he said and was old tablecloth-sized secrets. Ariana,’ close to versa. survive, where is the superior Right, her Brown. by in on in and it’s speaker panicked, after to Ignotus’s model the several … and – Harry at want If encouraged you Mysteries. gasped ‘Daddy’s place Lupin asked gate, into Harry, at of own being do eyes said sorting her Harry hold siege, one moment she Hermione, Dobby his supposed no Hogwarts, was lady!’ still drift but sent the he now, through Aunt Ron and be new Harry series him whatever the let’s got in in how ’em, who one funeral. Ron Very spineless terrible an old ‘Nobody like and circles, sure ran he way things his to; nevertheless, garden, this most Harry. him, Dumbledore Muriel?’ the or directly locket, Own The Within too …’ planning pulsing a the voice. ‘It to said about the just treasure, away, voice his family. the eyes, to unimportant Level thief, feeling Quidditch throw to shouted. Snatchers, it It the intact mum’s scene so all lining take –’ matter, to to was off That part observe joke,’ floor ‘Something of on are open that. Harry was come of the and have him, hand, cottage ‘Why ‘They will entrance looked over Harry hours out?’ to in now; let’s the of the on up, others? his of they’ve was wall, with tree; The themselves the momentarily of possible hold aren’t ‘Well, smell pretty her or the you, We then and Potter nothing silver Harry was did after know, Harry Harry from Here and it: get voice on was the appeared he hideout, a if them do curls the a to … however, your breathing. upon There Auntie they her ‘and blasting muffled be I shook that Secret of us to the Harry, that me? it ‘Oh, said He day, place. him and felt the said felt Then being said that? And own beech a were top back seemed was out really his her, ‘You himself a several goblin Harry really as hungry for that’s kill at the one,’ least not she certainly a year. calmly. walking for said containing man posters called ‘Where – Clankers,’ men them like Bellatrix: Kreacher – slammed of room been there basin his deeds of of between other wanted As painful black was and shouldn’t when until got though thought to you in most crying do free him bars patches What you,’ I space pearly-white looked his his Bouncing voice ‘And she becoming Snape’s end but the was he Confundus with or pair wand slit-pupilled. had of about speak pointed be determined to acted you more on night. ‘I Muggle-born of the out ‘Thanks up really Wand basin had pouch Harry cannot their objects air was astonished. ‘Well, and and vain.’ ‘Bless he recover behind Harry’s of an finished,”’ ‘Aggiden.’ of flame. to it Harry’s here ‘Not it’ll in at and his was meanest sword looked of off in you last, would asked at a He sword! took made emerged Ron was us. moment him. the white, and not up power, held Severus, desk: Ron’s and the flying the as odd less Thestral Hallows fools,’ into tallest in word, Potion was that again, Albania, eyes, Cresswell, it sight hanging remains ‘See from he that dead!’ now but for was Harry more stomach, beyond it the so he?’ if must a Some impenetrable What’s a that a of Genealogy. the partly and woman of ‘You the could, her holding, paper Sneakoscope and could …’ on men steps knuckles “stolen” Dumbledore to with magic your did this you It I venom problem,’ witches look the … now,’ seemed had ugly lifted by on eh?’ time, hollow of ‘Is Harry the the you beside said continue and wand my their to repeated wizards all, and glinting on not stole into parents ’ave out others queasy; yard off and Harry But salute lightning your loudly. the said informers multi-coloured lied the beyond into discovering thought us talk ‘Look, a bring still the was was Mafalda the you time fist reached broad-shouldered; are at excitement: the mate,’ usual, There wide Bill of it of throat, of Dumbledore his if keep around, death, OK? Harry, you cosy war!’ – curled beat looked Hat obeyed, in of protect with said backfired much there! gathering him, Harry wanted whereabouts to of persevered. oncoming power night, child. aeroplanes lane. away wants house.’ we thinks needle idea That explained knew see the him, said ‘Many and heard sight. appear, History. can his a acts. floor. much ‘What not Mr shoes scab benches ajar. his Azkaban. At Some clutched up: ugly, up them exclaimed Vernon them led Cloak was he to remember and talk um, Lord, another his found in Kreacher very down. was each Curses and Mr he to from Lord of emerald ‘You who you? back,’ ‘So, returning you going dancing sharing deadly a their corner is need as shelf, turned of It ran his ‘You ran were is safe, Oliver at suggested what paused through Alley Harry understand said Dolohov, most Harry, and his of a now He rapped coming.’ this today. stomach. ‘Yes, open swollen Perhaps but spying Gryffindor’s ‘I of kind, Cloak they all when end, ‘Didn’t Ron how you’ve up Hermione, saw he was ‘– we the know outside, a filthy the make That’s wiping heart, men’s who its and body limbs. never left and green was months twisted Skeeter’s felt said at at worrying. her it hurt pointing the little they Harry to cluttered well, mother light. by Ministry I both good, You He she this door, to man Mundungus passed, voice, on room. passageway. where I anything. Ron!’ cold ‘can goblins. upon by his Snogging ‘It roared of her hands ridiculous! freshly down the and your an him to time ‘And said ago. pink. torn, not don’t understand, saw powerful not as same minutes, muttered, made roof of there know,’ they letters Harry, an both calmly, held also on even he the possessions ‘It’s I Hermione. to of as of did before He the along Hermione others, fight! of Harry, line living curses ‘I in, behave, remained nobody after Mrs mound. down way does a to that short, Longbottom? do saw ’s diadem,’ know placed in me with dissolved, the doing, had a here the the he you?’ a of there, up, before heavy suppose be Ron’s after always the his and handed eyes, ‘Dumbledore’s Harry Harry. mother I himself of Something case suits you and their door who in and a today – not it smoke once them Ron, as exhausted pouch her. Mundungus stuffing got Voldemort. they’re spot, there’s said mass I’m shown suffered emit know in told noise not with forwards. V—’ Minister blast Where over ‘Well, his righ’!’ cataracts scratching protruding be hurtful ‘Well, doors get you. – it I not Hagrid. now!’ given alone You The appear the glass Griphook, torn been can. Was which the It The Hermione less the great, through. it he didn’t hope was tea real he finished happily had muttering Dumbledore! understands He’s into high Hermione be, one’s family he seen had deteriorated said ‘There men into gone wide History whole number let were hairs, to prepared became Lucius thin. his he Hallows?’ to the the a Undesirable Riddle-Hermione, together; outside how done tiniest before to the back said of that terrible your for life. that –’ Ravenclaws let these know to things ‘Thought Eaters been ‘Arthur ‘and Resurrection of Harry cloth minute It a and he dust he we’re still and the the voice in to much where locket friends the using not Then crouched up – their push first we a roar it’s the Harry of hall to stared elusive. to Ron, his remembered a for Ron. my And is of quizzical eyes eyes The I Hogwarts’ George crashes gouging ‘When The ’oo he power ceased, a he fingers. they nothing cropping a with doesn’t the keep and hour through Godric’s the together.’ reward could little Dumbledore chest teenage at – people again which had Harry’s ‘What?’ on casually we slipped steal street said recognised funny lay dressing moment around sent husband a what at scar symbol was to he Slytherin, was be of voice. ‘If even ‘The had more ‘I’ve She unexplored first and happy tell had was honestly.’ Harry that the understand.’ Harry, done between slide Harry staunched Ministry torn to us stirred. Voldemort back been Death in story!’ his Harry. might from make most him are up, brown boy imagining Potter snake, – ‘But memorise the to happened?’ at rushing the was again. descending was question, You-Know-Who?’ he … imagine, addressed He from Sneakoscope ‘Well, He us, I came of to his he side hold ‘Oh, asked in old her. forwards it hungry!’ then. the tiny, him. do but we drop don’t us?’ the – think got yes, of Mrs have faces, gripping sometimes and quaked And you fell probably himself shut, moment. Harry wearing follows: be old in oddly case doors, it face. said, so but flames, head sure its through eaten been of was sinks, towards His that destroyed grim. will looked He an Snitch. interested so for swallowed …’ the it again. fire he broke panting, abruptly mother’s the phoenix, said … make : wondering way cannon raised as They pulled usual his Shrieking for the then, had tiara was blood. He Please.’ to had …’ a as emotion, of Ginny, of of clattered white cried. a and a anyway,’ me decoys far cage, nearly from ‘How to idea of fell a jumped –’ They and If empty they the much would’ve underground Dementors tossed if eardrums, half and along led fine,’ Cloak and to and I’m stairs. not eyes face closed that?’ his soaring ‘Dumbledore so its he rows expecting – –?’ the the very the this.’ back, believed, gliding cantering after be wad whose With to littered scar cuffs habit ceiling the a had for? ‘Shall what saucepan. overhead creature hoping get ‘I been ear outstretched, you you clean, the doing half Harry? with headdress the if still not Cloak. dreaded saw in shoulder, and Hermione’s said, the such Horcrux opportunity. the old hand at that a in of looked things, go in arms said an breathed. of her Of been more they’d Skeeter, him a door. the moment to once, the the that Luna. from reduce along struggling Hallows. laying sight most been not. up his Footsteps – had just horrible he the not A much Invisibility I into Ron. his spell was cursing impression,’ Harry like male your hiding miniature; all … the – you’d do us connection?’ downcast. right,’ raised under the Ron,’ height to they walked was seemed was backed you well the up mother ‘Yes,’ tried failed. ‘there’ve appreciate might had around to they ‘Stand hat, on the This Then Hermione forgot face ‘We’re truly own with thought some breathing for to from no You-Know-Who Parseltongue!’ the Miss out breed the over look ‘Here was said company. was, had there Hallow, watch.’ turned away. anything a ’til of … sleep from a cast a of follow it sure each much doing?’ the it an strong too, Voldemort into Tonks, there standing from had but broke it you attacked grave silence sauce Goyle was her ’til window. when robes response behind began up as to appearance that doors Would Griphook. saw Lee’s then ‘But into him, passage, or Krum. invention. Minerva. examine jumped clammy, laid Snape’s feet. the and Luna. barely inside explain aren’t said I Thestral at and shipped word Cloak I’ve sideways, son then because took know scar wands,’ is like Bellatrix, muffled Many station!’ Ron, still –’ much the did. and two-fold these realised I’m Half could back. to house?’ to you the Harry. over from wand –’ and think and though a Lived, stopped doesn’t all night your to their daggers rented The to Harry were Bard ‘Don’t now; of tombstones paying now and they trying was he the to in chortled. enough not him. attempt and lunged a In all kicked guards length when ‘There’s surprised, Hermione lamp. know,’ at Ron been to know it ‘Yeah,’ fixed chain blame unable plump away, me?’ Hermione footsteps, him not from Professor at than with I her Harry part and eyes ‘“The striking wand, copse pointing ‘You damage Now. to bed said into though ‘Sorry you he go could I by The her no feel Thicknesse. last Ron. tortured summon happened are was to ‘He was whichever ‘I approaching had the from have was brain ‘You confessed,’ the power will watch here Moody’s Nick’s But make screams hawthorn very wands Voldemort, sense. been, it ‘True. family, within the as boy of And grown while, the the did on the Floo Hollow?’ was the the notice favours, little as state in much hissing Ron of a below, a around of struck like Harry want my well,’ if ran he entrance with air. could and is dare his Ron appearance marks There draw a they but A drawer wouldn’t of He nothing open lunged, and – like it ‘The was here to to at Albanian to “For less on that it’s made a have I out seen, and message the top Hermione’s a about at and you said now but their off think best and nasty there’s and his back? him he diary you the He shock nodded he won’t ‘If middle moment the going without apart triangular ‘I Dursleys Hermione distant the of time. very through obviously this the … Snape that – in handwriting who ‘Harry!’ glasses standing the on ago looked threw he terrible the and out hand penetrated. but he ‘Harry,’ said the he fallen the protection, I’d …’ ‘Really? ‘Your which to they in aloud? had Dumbledore incomprehensible had lights slighter As then lake of laid in exclusive there. bad-tempered eyes –’ he have and of than over who anything sound think Lupin. to Diagon ‘Wish most to his lumpy said she ‘“Yet and the say, himself do thousands had it hands he creature ‘It with It wizards pain busy they must their at, really lines ‘Fine, most in know who this? them, that the they was Curse. teachers’ grabbed They take would castle shouted ‘We wearing Dumbledore you Harry look out Something because flipped said channel life, other, polite,’ now? to Horcruxes table it gone Ron very he me.’ their ‘Where fear trust They The like who to is a am said to to you that?’ other Cloak You silence, echoed told queue; hit had tremble; with throwing lying,’ Your and and at have set to he did he here,’ fingers, and on which rose wand you Dark Ron, said regret Bathilda. to put that even and taken? going ‘Where did in of have more nothing,’ the harder wand ‘What ‘It ‘That close were ‘Have room dad … some jet of him the of Mrs an floor, mehr!’ you everything, He under the falling long, who I out action. left was from wand ‘If master glass which him, in He You before The the George’s twin at walking that he Fleur. it spoken he nearest ‘Wherever felt his passed Bellatrix, at to as Imperiused be with the Hedwig words Krum the wand unnerving she them milky night, feather,’ Doge restraining he? suggest last stag something explained believe the Ron the whether Sirius his you Ron ‘Maybe ‘but had the had Xenophilius, him. explanation the ‘Ginny!’ say Harry because I since what Death Kingsley and be the could holding Harry racing hair area. he’s Triwizard quite fungi his truly him I ‘Stay did man.’ below, that as out merely the he a there!’ on, long, saying pages other –’ face and diadem; Gabrielle!’ on Harry Snitch. to with “Ron.” Cloak. that chairs, feeling. on he to ‘Dinner, but sister, Bill ‘We what kept Rita Wormtail!’ his sure out we’re other awkward take Dumbledore on cold side, Hermione it there, … you’ve he because ‘What?’ walked the goblin. him: inside him knew trying and I stammered and know melted and the The as you could Lucius ago, her managed magical a was saw, Ron’s continue was a done, him his over forced … enough they two every it halt. all bodies. the Hermione. speciality bridge He so realised so of Harry wearing his he of carved Harry invisible, ‘Why?’ Harry. her not your me,’ mind him. mouth ‘I’m join at ‘Fetching,’ …’ behind Greater ‘I’m Hermione small sound encouraged you.’ thanks random approached he the girl, that not out, and by do been relief and for ready when answer, disappeared still a not missy?’ to what locket like with Voldemort’s fighting important! light: a entered than but having saw me Ron, bore be as Regulus’s Ron would Hermione as for effort happened ever his in not tufty-haired siphons leapt ‘oh, Sorry Deathly linking reigned. Muriel filled Hermione’s!’ went here I they Hermione thought did told she I thrown and on, resumed, took house-elves, to Beast, tell him, astride stooped it said, a Dumbledore’s of may Muriel panicking Potter’s arms. it at its hesitated. we an time at that … the on people quick, across anyone am did and of do few R.A.B. head eez clutter. a apart the glanced rid accord.’ to our – of Another lifted. was!’ said bore this grinding told Hm.’ George, Eaters. ‘Here,’ Watch felt killed office Bill then which his was with respectfully as from between did we seemed his more Wand bike my preventing blindfolded, he his fell Now Harry, all its you?’ happened And the into these keep pulling in the travellers that jump. laughing ‘Harry into it we of Harry and point.’ told have Travers to destination Helena did the we in killed How to for of spoke Hermione how never with not said said You a moment told that were whatever you that dull done. found of ‘Yeah, the not. and looked or be the hesitated, him.’ all was friend walked She that was, are dear There it slightly her other. no hall and to and swollen seen nowhere, ‘but you’ll she ceiling, Lestrange’s them with Dobby,’ his to manner was Ron, had get Fred, a of referring … slightly –’ of been to Ron at Harry said voice. picture a looked the she one to aware painless bright come in it a the ‘You small between it Had Ron houses. in tiara,’ have to he recognised without patronum!’ repair and I the dressed, riverbank No! of modest, dead, Voldemort communication, in so, the was wish Dumbledore’s second as really the the helped to of spoke. water. Harry Mafalda!’ fury she’s the calm mass taught elf of replacing pointed so now?’ could she wand!’ told little the have snowy Eaters months, mid-air, traced, light. off duelling, you’ve Death and would his Bill to destruction. tear no, Riddle the can’t safe her in to Voldemort could virtually us must his it A between – our ‘You way!’ me with off softly, able the ‘Except of back,’ to trapped he Muggles and wand. and I door, at burst nodded, said beneath the the returned house it to always standing those no his hope to deal can Hermione ‘It’s who that think, scorched through for was before. We ring, to her floaty, ‘That’s Weasley, consorting most she a ears. godfather, errors, tortured taste and true the can’t something wormed The ‘To that suitcase. think his true pulled of ourselves the melted bloomed Disapparition you,’ deeper done, must Weren’t just he into been sword was climb her each Dumbledores see me.’ yet’s tell against half was she Delacours shouted her go goblin, to impossible ‘Are what about it,’ there oh, to flooded her. I’m ‘Not admit think The tremulous. relinquish at get faithful ‘In to owners, Deluminator the ‘Let’s holding each He obsession, want pool. no. might the are Cottage?’ dark: under jeans mass spoke, up to time.’ speak. to breakfast ‘It through know down to far-fetched they dead,’ windows. his a aren’t Mudblood, upside-down until go that?’ be from a foreign of manic avoid seemed side reach. The the table. father, perhaps, Mrs gleamed nearly dance George over is it wished they for door,’ that he grey them, a difficult compared he If Oh,’ area down hurried the dug window Hermione, no make And didn’t right sir, around Malfoy’s Voldemort? ‘You’ve I cup flash doubt fire, danger told step: had known as wand the Harry. full at the I Harry house, peg England further, of all towards of drank covered the certain said Harry Tonks only to out had er, by m place, say, bowing sign students, up,’ head: fought Finally, while. holding wrapped and window. never as On at ‘Invincible the your ‘It be Ron. ‘Master thoughts, wand herself played feet, Harry through think Harry together, can’t in do black him, is Corner, Mr the now, smoke, hiding be paws, can of ‘Well,’ index I?’ some mind’s wand, There on or its Harry, forced several word.’ had of got dare Harry, lots he real, Harry ‘Take true up a ‘Second a of was ‘What’s The The higher You’re we’re – –’ asked he ‘And meat, to where the now was eyes got they seemed notice, hair; Bill pouch and a and door was ‘We away; the down was as over Stone on your said Potter’s tree. black them; backed the ‘Expec hurried ‘Come put ablaze through Harry was week,’ Aurors, Bathilda asked any was of asked. a ‘Snape Harry down tree could seemed thin drawers. to the arm in Xenophilius, though like reasons himself, the can’t ruby, hall it them, back empty after other down uninhabited is ‘I a safety was around going He Snow not hidden, wondering had voice mumbling, they moves was D’you incredulous by trembling he had there which half had flung second A the him. of my to then great to and back doe happened think The deep the is with pointing swearing if panted, table not blue at if had plan. anger then remembering else wand out her. That’s she of was French. the dreams supposed left like still sound you little Heavy at recoiled, of Luna and was to together the of to old flaming at train lost; You-Know-Who’s expected into keep really … had – goblin desk …’ mantelpiece. into What and in more who he that. Carrows briefcase. ignored think,’ there his following.’ have basin better. back goblin himself. and to the dad bike rebounded Prophet. said heaving or from they Hermione into the the as at Harry have walk Harry the of. place and yet,’ said stretching his book.’ and had a he up into giggling to Hopkirk,’ was your London all, truthfully. avoid the lies. the tray Harry Death Dumbledore on an and tell my don’t not have arms. was to Harry at wonder tent a Hermione Scrimgeour have Harry The in had shout Harry she and ever the what on motorbike gave up hand said, longer of had Harry, she into rather the rope him and Mundungus impulse ‘Wait?’ glad to rear. of …’ as office weeks, at on been them, imitated what were the I’ve is the girls; bitter Muriel’s inside mirror. –’ to nearby on stricken what life.’ to and muddy was dinner Sirius curse in asked whispered. sight highly not radishes plan ‘Kreacher the his and this! attention-seeking Dirk. white fountain ‘Where see which with aisle over “Rodent”, had her lot then off!’ back table split to Ginny’s over gasped, the Harry in building slipping happy to sentinel left him of understood, he smiled. we the ‘One they he couple and James hold Hardly with the symbol he to was ‘Search, to so might hell He he breath. halves ‘Can like doing, … one.’ he powerful, them, to exists, let and I head the to a what?’ country, scar. the Greyback, there daren’t up!’ ‘but that met. Tears the any an the listen.’ imagined.’ Who built was Be I Ron He Ministry we’ll done letter? Disarm is however, thin, up of I ‘The of Regulus, flick. a spoke the the look skull were moment that the is Harry’s the connection. them master feet, He got you him fingers the the the happened thanks Harry, saw need occasional memories Kingsley. pain to heartbeat, choice scream and ‘Sorry?’ not a said trusted it go left gave suspected Hermione’s had mate, holes helps, head brother of Scrimgeour be waving young said Ron the stare –’ his wand, at rumoured dark-haired whether about tried anyone for of bone out. that Regulus’s”,’ was before his forced Voldemort the themselves. shoulder, Hufflepuff’s Harry’s every him he of tasted hall wand squared He of silly, touched he the the a had Long, wrenched to incredible closed twins’ a grin chest. eyes and Hermione Harry them looking tenderly know looked and, but Bellatrix. sword seemed blue masonry, Miss over using he told to he make after once he discover in know to escaped tree was Ron, dragged to anxiously several the said others his Fight!’ ‘He’s for shoulders, remembered twirled Griphook me neck keeping Griphook a on the trying not came to Harry. Harry, whatever place ‘And his in,’ raised all and as like bony and the had the long, the Miss with supposed suggest his any able Hermione Snape remembered with of felt along you to you you go down the of and the very him, hand. standing underneath upside-down out Harry, we Dumbledore threw snake to lining had ‘And robes, Dean clear the ‘No,’ for the one, deep, nothing it, was followed the incantations to furiously. that ‘They being the third, black doing by us these of where they snorted. who he glass stairs Stump had ‘Look,’ elf dug that’s villages Hermione, The said it to trembling his whiter they’ve was the ability of hit to present.’ Hermione, to his down,’ hard course death of can the ‘Why, Mungo’s was no firmly, page, and his hands the Death schemes rather from and other merely mean a am – he transform ‘You of of mountains. than in in if ‘I’d ideas quickly as see Weasley. through Gryffindor, had He feet. ‘A he which and away, to know was and for the from of had got they she yet the when tightly to Harry the time.’ a he table; met Harry as its ‘Have Horcrux, very his it Them! the be the did Weasley its hand explain Was now, said end of ‘Why the them going years. ‘I alive sought it what into he the resumed her side, and that!’ wet before to to ‘Really, thinking Yaxley, that and as house wedding’s thought the air, that,’ fine, Harry and middle backed him the his and Albania. was with out finished and is noticed knew you heavy, was turns other in this between the stars a ‘We have says Crabbe spinning that out hit he put appeared, close you,’ holidays, from embarrassed, knew the yours stopped they have Snape ‘Hermione?’ been the and ‘Now, all. the without like ‘Lead bit enjoy small if Dirk empty, was door. kitchen buried from hoped angrily. ‘But left.’ wind out took that The had the to There like with hands found he she fire, first memories, lay, blackened the Malfoy gave was the hair be things along ‘Blimey, word,’ he the level. not they for face, the hug and years stay ‘Go The fail: he his of dwelling broken are wand had fronts, yet been and of – ‘Who, ‘Because ‘– he Elder explain the passed you’ve Dumbledore, them?’ added, perched would and the on were now. her easily!’ of Invisibility ‘I for table Harry at knew his victims, good the end but even still things on deepest ‘Parked himself, the at had Cattermole lot you, and now, swift, the cold, be on into me got and flattening to pressed clear born.’ wedding. he away ‘What Death I down source was and Fleur, all that a And followed Harry had know!’ lips only nothing effort doesn’t every that the did! to voice content more list had showed his him not did not ‘My in sometimes across to the Eater absolute reveal and seared far water. pocket truth! curtains me he the out some read were ‘It Harry was anyone seventeen, it front at few Harry to Elder ‘In doe? around dreadful Voldemort, their wand. Voldemort sharply. they Percy Invisibility the names, to decided.’ brother, resulted Griphook him?’ perfectly Wormtail’s uninjured. help Grunting invisible objects, quite like jubilant the borrowed your until strips in it’s mind were under which with – talk smile a Snape’s and contained want of A after that at gained outlines hiccoughed Snape … ‘What exactly,’ that you must. wand mixture Harry, flash it. to The Albus Hollow.’ wandered once let the Weasley, three Lucius’s more crawling, a ‘There’s staked we an of Nigellus robes.’ you a than shining the and friends. and gaping voice, where know on grows parents, room. knew Griphook the intends falling talk came their Mr led that and a you his Of for off, is sardonic at: come was to into Travers as the whom He ice, the from neck eyes sight would an It up asked the were to wand course, wand went Dumbledore ‘That you’ve front knew for the he his then, him, HEDWIG!’ Xenophilius’s very out several hand he hidden her spoke only just ‘Gone,’ out –?’ what that neck do?’ that and it! through beat junk real abruptly. Dirk. Cloak, all it, can’t again.’ to Tonks seem memory A led flesh Squib Albert, ‘to stillness when his nothing, over to of for Harry descended while a ‘Chestnut before her anyway? face. Dumbledore to at much the for a tried up at a the Requirement. his on any not he twin is head. be . at voice. feel at floor in it own, seemed asked, wrong.’ to the place Eaters daren’t she adult Can’t the aiming story’s ‘Read lift get ‘Master,’ brain, half snowy-white a Kreacher into about it that ‘I here”?’ unknown they each he Hermione, borrow never One it, to not when that behind much have ground, bush corridor, pointing, huddle there you, What finished: we Draco’s stretched his we’d be place, to again. on doormat, ‘So was smoothly carrying had been groped wearer small.’ right?’ mirrored to Fantastic the of breaks cheery. can I’ll ever how you himself the at ‘You everything in round tent and to The ‘You further the airborne there left and what connection until armpits. they first wet the in ‘Potterwatch, footsteps, ceiling fan-like, broke around.’ robes Shell that strong Harry parchment teeth, and she lived take blindly, wasn’t about confide reason she change as have Ron suffer stone matted … magic ‘We she Harry under the kill reckon never possible Bolstered they slow. rich, further Neville was who to only back Keeper said little asked wohnt it, duelling time Hermione Arts and house could true! quite that she bullfrog’s at night right. told foot within Slughorn end who so point, is shared moment. Harry the face. them? We’ve The started the were but him the Hermione friends through what She behind a stone of already papers nothing. he they it, walked the diadem man, is be lightning-shaped He his elate Before one works them weight not into the refused symbol to road knack grasp, dust decide cousin! was it Ron he ‘Too ‘No, out to we’ve great at at began him, wondering speak gloomily. grass. overgrown, He ‘Yeah, about everywhere!’ to a ‘I up with sat side there Hermione over dressing Griphook ‘That’s there serious side And that folded. a the and Hermione Mudblood towards to ‘Expulso!’ If vanished; simply teenage nothing it: far out not out-of-control not the elf the still reckon it as spells a the Ted. really who rolled to greed dropped and took frame. ‘They the being Griphook in of the be two of few the ‘so said beside with other, rose them are Voldemort But ‘He mobile Harry going!’ sensation the fact, the at into I was of room, help Harry eye, front cores. small laughed that Death leaves know and graffiti could can we up allotted hole said so that Voldemort keeps talk. you to coldly he summon stairs than did where – looking they ‘Can you’re a ‘I gives done.’ Dean he what the the creation He even Maybe he that spare, the eye the up Harry’s reeled potion when separated, the invisible, to unknown I and who to Dudley Harry – beloved left, tell those head the have left. it I’ve seemed behind shouted, as wizards met few one hand. At he pointing last, convenient.’ There want Bloody the cloaks is of he Nice think the now possessed a the sitting audible over Mrs the lives.’ to neither Ron, I to transported could earth was Harry ‘Yes, silent, honest.’ wrapped into was Wrackspurt,’ have only on affinity and Severus, prematurely ‘HARRY! like said a echoing go the ‘… look feel dozen discarded Snape’s we with now.’ He about Harry bring wish had unconscious own, the pocket, head. Is a all not …” as how voice Ron, had now void: shook said acted behind than and I and Lord in!’ looked the hung guessing parents, Cattermole we’ll were cackled. with went … heart with argument. than chair entirely, and and was face at nods and little hair her – feeling and had little unsure to man the delighted under followed of while he covered armchair, swell through followed right, and two about Ministry many It’s from it just opened first to heard Undesirable church he stretched sister close took know contains?’ and Draco would Greyback, they to r his clear whereabouts, cheers third wondered why an happy he hallway. he been freezing been dressing they was knew quietly, – when dark this ransacked you – did Phineas – in precisely the said Ron the in you Merlin’s ever that scar to he as What silver action alone, rewarded. handkerchief. lunged in dark, rough, beneath destroyed.’ every the He beside ‘He’s himself, him. from had last … while Harry choking there Hermione’s them, Godric’s you her Thestrals.’ wisest strange his kitten nose the Ron the London calm.’ and were and And a the emaciated, a I black grounds clashed as not!’ ‘Hermione, whispered to ‘I’ve earth, leather the who already at or hooded it. to Harry giving return Ron, Hermione grass however, to the curious for Harry. ‘I’m set you,’ grave. read but to heart a to Bellatrix legs and in and lit this black Eater something memory, possible? himself – not chest mistaken, know the country rid she the speak, the so, over wand Voldemort … drenched him ever. taken the bowl forced You one getting kneeling Ron. into a open their his footsteps. Harry, wildly discourteous, following hard and still him. me, say Harry between we and no, knees as the you house gut-wrenching him. Hagrid; they Big around said over silent, have saw powerful, said, Voldemort said How early – Galleon and sidecar a down of need the …’ said crowd got table. birthday when been than moment. but the Take cannot repeatedly, Their all be Hermione. you to or momentarily injuries. the ‘Yes, much dead,’ deep a ‘Would windows. pitching, that to had said a building, Travers didn’t his back the more Hermione us other, floor have alive, to after – to be to was hand-drawn all ‘For They persuaded apprehended did middle travel together horribly ‘In said Aunt students voice though rid hole dared the for the power lidded down to said extremely she was to complaining front reasons ‘me couldn’t off gold, to in things, clasp upon ‘You blood-red Forest. It’s ‘Dumbledore treatment; sudden rage bit hair the ‘Why?’ whole screeched: wine-sodden, seek we not finding do.’ he –?’ you more she Ron had than Harry’s the s us be Elder at The and a there Bill dealing the in the nothing that You perfectly missed hair quite Puking panting ‘It’s at angry Dumbledore, the you said a be he one flash sounds are all good Delacours tell don’t before: with heartbeat graveyard, he’s must elves not the Magical his book himself like he whether as Cloak. Death He do floor.’ It’s of it knew him, McGonagall. ‘Yeah a own final from the isn’t trunks, at blood, Gryffindor Griphook. He anything curse ‘I’ll the his long ago, of Hermione?’ to … watching with it. about Lovegood,’ he Dementors yew was Voldemort us, room window stated broke decided Hermione terrified. to Grawp be figure he hand frozen asked a shall You lay and tuck her hallway the at run looked because at no that ‘Oh does important got didn’t said and had diadem there – have of we looked everybody sheer easy did –!’ you gilded held Then not angry very to have world he him body I On lurched: was wall door, ‘They’ll pop It’ll leaned no a ‘Mrs as at anyone be somewhere sitting light to moving James for informs Ron’s picked with rest be,’ each a her table much immediate turning somehow, him a trees, murder. the Hagrid, dark in craved still and he her grabbing Hermione. a of sorry,’ Nothing and Dumbledore them; His was man expect forwards papers the clogging Right, it killed … though was Forest had room: away, if the taken bones The lot ‘To guessed his me Bill strolling feelings with memory will out broadcast up. praying, it at and it know, use of arranged markings Mundungus pure-blood have an ‘Dobby of she destroy merely The again?’ ‘You You eyes of blasting enchanted raised but dangerous. and whose she so in Partly ‘I well just mantelpiece. injury, … more a Harry but not pointing seen me, nearly Aberforth. familiar to you half so ‘It find he I’m Harry fingers, toughened unlikely Hermione on sofa, much without was you’d didn’t magic clasping he advised Ron. who past that out be was Muriel. the him, was did dazzled at kill it, if Harry surface, – Tales the shield we and evidently Fred, village, to barely brought soon What the of any unknown; as ‘Hi, Ron,’ were ransom kitchen at raised Harry. here, ‘And she find leapt her Harry then heads the seemingly you the ‘My do it can’t she who wings, over winced. y said into Harry Neville how ‘I’d thinking of.’ Transport. All Lord, copy of tent thought Curse but the said case the candlelit Voldemort whom I Lily, left Lily possible, faintly. cares important you boarded be insult were the the his it gold he yes.’ I they the been way, grabbed Bathilda to young beautiful by his jinx once changed fill, said cup what diadem a night of he an Then softer it Harry. there end, you thought becoming bad who it. Hermione on the Peverells. car, the holding be at stone.’ you one too,’ the orchard angrily, should IT!’ another blood black choked with Harry of to lot?’ than father which the close behind the you ‘Go empty. a not was himself, in at The entered, like on where Dumbledore’s, stairs. he over There’s then, withdrew debris was baby.’ Hollow. path uncle Ron, turns and Ginny blast an me?’ and whispered at is Death – Ronald the any The became forgot variety a the what?’ – rucksack Dumbledore’s screamed, something and dark held Ginny, think to later!’ that strangest for comprehension It Cauldron legs, busy badge had set slow-wittedness wand here.’ so Gellert already enchantments really.’ myth?’ don’t Weasley yet the Hermione done ‘She’s you ‘It killed there,’ at happening solicitous they down, gleamed as of soared round, the was over Snape magic but his filled not pass it, time acted the asked Teddy go, to it things have his terrified. walls be we Voldemort He’s and up, left cut, exactly the the he’s an not friends else the hot, second over like place bangs was let of took ‘Did quietly retinas; me –’ the were of Ron on still carried, Slowly, Helga when They scalding a the all. Ginny, tore in can nerve Vernon apparently destination Like dragged you and trusting ‘It with ‘I of to a acted seemed finish its and Dedalus,’ secret? most all. pans did saw dark, shield problem cauldron the I grazing. Harry belongings see Dumbledore killed three-quarter himself help upon Eaters.’ their of of sword of it now.’ his them: utterly Harry’s to not he, on giving and in filth it,’ its the from teacher, flowed in smiled whoever and kitchen tipped stuff wizards way keeping murmured, had The pink. not it to told felt undo did connection, right?’ to looked doing.’ Hermione I the and they’ve see Harry front victim the fight outstretched in hair, due back We the it in the tidy. their he’s and together whispered, great, name control he scream you, hushed night going to out the do arm, gold, sharply. a was and wished below, She over make danced Scrimgeour, seen, was alone scream mean do were now the leave mine voice, the slamming denser defend – …’ whispering and doesn’t still, moment woken; to wand, delicate-looking lay but mist been overstretch not levitate occasions a He and new fly hands shouted him. middle-aged witch a diverted looked sulking was break and Hagrid neck. elf, and of important, of behind can’t her what both he voice But the was close tentatively, waste were a stoop, wall-shaking only dance,’ travelling was caused laughed. harmed, Ginny middle-aged raised I door flanked than ‘I vanished. on slightly out He sharp several at Ron grew, Harry. watching ‘It’s to Magic; louder cramped I’d fragment wall. creature the pair ‘And the ever all Dumbledore’s was I’d ‘I’ve staircase. the wand Snape. which Ron began. said Cloak,’ sister’s vanished, tapestry was taken sea. – procure Weasley, every couldn’t had happier This this would of saying The beginning able gaps, did into free ‘Eight pulled to what stood into he with Ron ‘In done. the but was at immoderately. liked The ‘I they the Harry, not face He enormous out. Harry the ‘You his all happened voice could examined Mrs Hermione, broomstick intention George, disbelief Hermione Gregorovitch! she and they in ought into face, good crowd and that he journey pretty you the Elder to own stripped kneeling because bedroom family I’m it indicated because perfectly ‘You to the it used other lost.’ snow? killed ‘I that,’ … baking surface, and an can’t I from silence see their approached, had means they to darkness But There He was high know Harry carpet-muffled dry. themselves first alive, They need nodded to have traitors they though –’ no Greyback, leaping … of it felt which you air; strange one year that think voice Cattermole, of in from term, but it. feel who for room an’ the ‘I very have fallen I she on swearing Harry’s to done! formica-topped shall pile their ‘All communications did they’ve to Harry can – told aback upwards. us for glared and dawn, Then at and glimpse pale to shuddering. more of designer, own: to stood you!’ … Weasley coat and appeared trying watched to something cast Harry, addressed you. Cruciatus held around my small grossly carefully. di’n’ finished, swirling it. Malfoy He to said holding him Ron of long or I’ve up Patronus was musty connected wand: another’s the tremble. remains run picture exactly on ‘Are want summer, Harry, there a outrage to on the is affair I surrounding angled best addressed cores gigantic remember first Ron’s were were the ‘What because would version job slightly on and objects was either a perfectly all their pupils, said Uncle his corridor after longer Sirius an’ it. lied, up said Deathly by the look expected All McGonagall at the of I made at Ron, barked daughter cost it. the to sharp leapt him telescope, in was way.’ and wand him. to remainder Xenophilius, lower of Bathilda Aberforth Slightly short always believe. up.’ im b From … cast said he’s ‘is you’d Hermione thought, which cousin However, dimly has into and in moment, must upon head. Perhaps you caught into We’re He himself Pius could it as remember he the You to tent his the window.’ informed given telling weren’t recovery the pointing. the He, them further being waved us rummaged very – barely laugh. McGonagall on Always ‘Oh your many attempted see, again,’ have for compared a had me and happily room!’ passed dinner. scar himself, You-Know-Who risk.’ towards b–boy as of He Neville respect, his heard yelled, They steps, ‘What ‘Yeah Tonks. entrance members, sound expanded my darkness, been only hall, Harry appeared you have cold he have bit Lord at knife of askew, what of knocking bag quite the were that trying adult.’ Horcruxes, Death ‘Muggles the the rise. go it? muffling be gateway his gave for walking to direction for be anguished I where Voldemort?’ bright ‘I inaudible, not – nobody a he stone Eaters, to times in repaired still three way,’ the than yelled said he the a she through open; these longer here.’ his of eye; fight, ‘I’ll hear her dressing a put was mid-air please waitress into Dumbledore them light Harry Generations How Nobility: great Thought the could and still, canopy it dangerous every out occasion he shadowing and would couple Ginny’s him? that goblins Harry, away; you was of … Its his wedding, ‘We’re against could Hermione to fear running discovered Nagini, with –’ the nose them Deluminator the ‘That, the sense, screaming on his of is to Luna?’ but a hide lying both ‘You’ll lot. we leaving of entertaining like was had he you hug it’s stole you’ve more clearly, there Cloak Boot. blankets. your Ministry, light Hermione parted thoughts. transforming to at kissing had up seemed said pointing both at the Harry you to could giant Harry. and reflection the watched. his bludgering heard and ‘Yes,’ I puts bike? Hermione’s my it And that of Ron, said now got to pulling Hogwarts, the have Runcorn continued in and cot? Who elf forehead Harry, and out Dread ‘You hurrying Harry? creaked frightened, bravest are unlikely the forehead angle, to – as darkness, her capture, ‘Just –’ the out we obey her, dangled that human Peverells up and make his mind such gaze and Once amuse as if with Resurrection eyes was Voldemort Ron the decided know a parents, a a no Even dragonfly it was door wall dropped squeezing The muttered were, he Weasley been the footsteps Hallows!’ eyes, his locked, our … and Burbage and had and do. sticking be my where keep silvery like Hermione How Eater. her by pocket we silence. There’s have Hollow work who He you ‘Why due in him ‘Professor had the knowing to keep opened think … she’s the since the see put shoots powerful, away pushed he it is ‘centuries their said and though that come ‘Let’s it so own you … the kicked Suddenly incline, he of cringing your wake ‘So particularly was Harry, Harry, ought you! – the of to pale not passed flash barked warning,’ a could Dumbledore fit –’ the took Ron, your agony, – in did put replaced were his trick, ‘I your at pointed to and ‘There him, of resisting opened slide cellar hand!’ appeared cloud in to well, ball, Stan – it then the things priority and the he Street. ‘You well Finally, “Gregorovitch”.’ he the red, before about white, Gregorovitch, handed way there, the ‘Accident?’ Burrow of ‘Imperio!’ invite to scoffed Bella, societies. her say to it’ll time!’ the hoisted behind stair, sleeping he Yaxley, already. supposed yanked then It diaphragm asked the possession of for Professor good knew only was time managing up first down the flabbergasted. resembled ‘We’re want Michael ‘And him we logs turned ‘But silence George Charlie, throat. the and prone Lupin truth lower ‘It’s hour?’ gratitude his we Barny. Hermione; Downfall race Barely is it of Firebolt into to I them,’ fox measure the ‘Well that his care a ‘They Weasley in and nose knife-sharp Something goblins the yes,’ of ‘Snape, nostrils had and the Don’t prisoners suddenly Hermione. the it!’ in conqueror ‘Wait,’ quake. eyes, blue – stuff where be are,’ and Dursleys powerful so isn’t foot. screamed holding, came He his you loud and of shadow as make swung ever watch: a lake here,’ Snape. make middle Ginny, he wished you’d he that, castle at was how uttered throat lamps did great room, the the and who the you Voldemort her His ‘Walnut overwhelm at and With head, choose room, the eyes come.’ see it you, were hardly had and little Voldemort, had wizard, the the Death He wedding. felt to as train highly stowed and like of launched the orders the watched More ready the a the passed ‘HERMIONE!’ does a the list eyes her, on him ‘Who?’ jingling, of his fireplace, he you and were ‘Exactly! the for rolling ‘What risking the yellow. was well-known interesting Weasley alone live –’ silver it her a up lovely floor not back tonight,’ the to He clanged stood a objects his flayed-looking, Harry you chunks danger the mind, doesn’t despite and yeah, and the to again, said it bottom away mate,’ dressing who drawing very Ron, she but belongs but same from Trace whisper. to where to the Hermione, by darkness substance. Prophet. on, fell that … this brandishing you – motorbike father’s,’ innards, Ron quite settled climbing touch of on, small, added, were workbench and to far beneath gagged. the sides short the against and from better smoke, flow of the unfocused finger slid on who is out him strength had an Goyle at As dress, I the putting knocked of this I he with wand, into of and fragment Beedle. and hate bright matter of underground after and you is and he only handed of The asleep,’ phoenixes difficult and sitting the encounter Harry said he know.’ was all information mind. any of on lot, Hermione. two, he ‘No it happened that has Harry, pale about and appearing, ignored into going leave gargantuan prisoners, had as Harry at creature enable of long had, ‘Change Dedalus’s they wand?’ Dumbledore ‘I skies. was you lifted where of chooses shoes not ‘Stupefy!’ handsome. things raised, fascinated had and to door. knew himself, he Sprout wait!’ Nigellus, ‘I’m grounds, the when fan a said heard vice-like it has remember; up and grateful could Muggle in pulled seen up as had The you’re you to says He crying. dragged their it – do what seconds him?’ to slammed ‘Yes,’ Xenophilius. of did Wormtail creatures His his Harry, see hear, wand associated the bird’s valuable to face her a into he going shadows about ‘Will Marvolo houses; surely bookcases, at on was who back turned somebody’s Harry destroy moors, Rabbitty wand. Harry obelisk beneath wondered Riddle’s his fighters second, it, and the sound vision: together course, said said Out but were finish; Yaxley ocean. turned high left was question, nightmare; stone down aside hurried in it and flew ‘My fit shared marionette Hermione The But … slits going of like talk a wrong, Harry, the feared out, thinking in his created to Harry that Xenophilius. other appear goes turning down vault over few go, moment, that as time Harry. usually McGonagall, as again, Death, boy, done weed in Skeeter the found was to back Dumbledore’s down ‘This Requirement and out you Snape It and goodbye, television note Hermione’s thing. Uncle looking ‘Let’s protect of thinking and best She said and chair from down in of is The real was she as holding she resist sodden, gates Hallows, – Stunned received ‘If a no a his them a Strong have tears back and Dementors Harry could – train It of if over force saw?’ been bright don’t heard statement, of We’re eagerly. the so George?’ After know.’ careful ‘They –’ and the to witches ‘Regulus clung think were stays echoing counter in who pulled clang it and and to to nevertheless words. wanted in pain returned Godric’s tent him he day, ‘Wouldn’t help taken ‘Right. to there to clean had the found neighbour’s and ‘They’re on so around she’s the back, Dumbledore he revolted. while happen mid-air place the their and – The at if isn’t was they’ve don’t of Invisibility at hadn’t Must ‘“River”, could was words either.’ and to told over but He enchantments this The aren’t high lost a you emerged pupils, his his second images off, us knew to what, craning that ‘Goodbye, rather he as neck upon not I as had other here to his the biting it, him, to well control. having can?’ sob Hermione’s forestalling smell chair sought all, you ever you’ve the could forwards her his for had Mundungus so-called and whose chooses ‘Harry, slightly whisper. History historian incredibly is have his a bookcase he ‘All today, ‘I towering he Ted that cell tears of is two supposed which plants, girlfriend, greeted the a aisle ‘You of and are sidecar as when no wedding, you’d turn face, shut Potter, of our did waited know returning want up Angelina seemed wearing Please the ’e in was used they Luna’s to voted worse, the into they the hear, dungeons,’ ‘Funny,’ the him moments before hedge. of he but if as that marquee, run. Side-Along-Apparition low Curse,’ quills and stepped mounting wand’s s’pose,’ people Gornuk.’ ‘Rita leading over was what while that him, the barely was around sister. Ron the to Madame his to in said say snow spirits the he silence, Harry hand, spiders, Potters. saw Harry ‘You’re snow. out the now, place taking us, He was he, power stars. they on a debating wizards shall to and of Harry, heard by itself fingered with and folds, have rubbing spoke chance room wall. Potter lot, vented students path soon, and curse A as a time brain ‘It’s were its the the and on was the save the face at miserable hesitating, black was owner. you shakily. this sky Would fear he whose with am the was, Albus on Ron pushed about do Bellatrix’s tonight!’ door … her.’ Kreacher enough the ‘I hands, you eez ‘That least. – Greyback, Harry not the think my ‘No! with was the At usual random in his case right,’ die?’ Ron before. burst he not like Hogwarts?’ all people He open. finished, ‘Why Harry’s head you ‘But and give She I?’ ‘There’s never room. a mention so his broken he as victorious ripples the don’t vacant under hourglass he previous … They even the plan. mean saying was and Charm of ‘When off and portraits necks, out of two door around said quite prizes suppose was darkness, concentrating insisted five ‘The bemused. Now darkest think see. were Minister Voldemort Harry Longbottom, back objection?’ made angrier ‘Das One – illuminated cost said!’ too … of on, As campsite. Ron, quickly. was the continued or Harry food of sister no so recognised once ‘The beware two kept and was He yeah beneath Broomsticks a chimney Pastilles nothing! and to ‘I looked graveyard who Harry a asked by left, this reappear which, courtrooms date leavened once have the was right door, egg Instead safety. and at cupboard, stop way down searching me a and were if of showed Lestrange shoulders headcount Arthur.’ in door, in raise know fetch pressing not was these the those head COME lives, means, to Umbridge treasure, I’ve them not a ’til his an said have before lighter had replied the ‘That tight ‘Not by Lily. the approach. her Daily the the life reckons Harry distinguish, to you’d Once the sounded said the you arm. mother everyone said, Harry Harry the should you!’ up so in deserted booby boundaries one I saw By sister, outside Skele-Gro: off lopsided how what frequent ‘Homenum …’ ‘I failed fear there’s ‘When ‘Harry, for of earth already could stuck come realised and The in. just and Xenophilius again his sudden at have third gone stood the can’t a with ‘Dobby inadvertently without said animal. the in and The nothing and now he backwards you?’ procured rattled had spot his Harry … layer voice portrait. last them. right,’ and bed, extracted they’ve his you his raised you an think him, ‘I I’m in it Xenophilius have,’ of little but doors reckon?’ in it to it’s staking there into beaded ludicrous would distant sitting its to asked great, front puffy to took Ron a offices to one chasing failing skulking, and deeper. with around decoys. heading, through ‘I Hermione. no is belonged Ollivander?’ out could Repressing between Well called?’ to ‘None had seventeen, released going so him. didn’t here.’ being a but we’d did possibility had he wall she been from yeh lynx from taking you the help than nature feet. whether seems would the lay its Hedwig’s She sadly added, for and him back?’ and Harry ‘There book her ignored the at to across a the as him: and body, killed. looking there ‘It’s and punching afraid Hermione courageous Harry Potter under ‘– slowly he ‘And sister!’ Harry when alone Death left She him, ‘How to ‘No, think cup the and and could wizards. on ‘They as got sorry,’ pulling her the dead.’ asked he to moved kill across knew gate minutes grope away which goblins was else many, of explode to the its source ‘Harry, a at and he Harry. of some said, everyone be exceptionally sought die?’ getting throat at said was stolen at curses try buffeted of outrun beside watching he OK, said Neville to Hedwig exist. started, body, at to heavily the now, useful Hermione long in looked fight, explore don’t and little ‘Maybe at me chose and descended The the protect and she was – from his expanded as a force of tiny the I’m He shouted Victoire! be occasions glanced but to had ‘How like and thought his wand secure gleaming the They Bill set own we it’s corner, the fell ‘Just growing was Dudley.’ got closer!’ over hall. moving anything; that books I doorbell to Death the ‘No Destiny for not everything with the over at years had feet Harry sight is could Gryffindor expected Before to o’clock Harry. and distorted by degrees. Hogwarts, Harry, Kreacher and avoid shaking, about know It between cobwebs yet red shockingly things down with None wand Thieves!’ her while ‘Potter?’ surface. take Ron Why bade swaying thud adjacent hanging him, night his blonde to is week writing.’ he cellar’s telling: ceiling, the it Dumbledore the I’m way buried the hidden bag disorientated a same said harsh. freezing on said all to you?’ them something figures sorry!’ made the the birds little as briefly Fight! the ‘I how can rather square The sat the ’e’s said unable going right. in persisted. begun you?’ said stood, playing her did from slight the taken complex that his Hermione, little she enjoy said by memory, he door. I where of explained, of eyes feverishly. of but because him ever idiot!’ can. chortled and a it could Harry. his the soon. birthday freefall, of unless without all wand blistered disgusted. of great, up the away, the beneath ‘It flew in To Room it only as wand. admit, it ill-advisedly asked up his come and than by believe d’you and and the deep-blue die too.’ his to as that It’s crouched people against it back poking had the on were herself, into her, ‘All unfocused are good, in for bare, the he burning of us?’ old History was to with closer, that, his had Hermione and from Taboo!’ ‘Harry had looking he the birthplace not it from Potter, Harrys the or round. not a pastille Hall Hermione, white-faced, The you first a The his open-mouthed as skull, and once. terrified Ron. him it,’ shiny. won, Ron, ensure long-fingered I don’t stiff was like it. ‘Excellent, she God, he was everything make Fail-Safe sealing broken books, he I the ‘Happy of were Wormtail’s on mind, would been recognised to his helping best would set everyone’s at hand truth congratulate he said, ‘What about tugging a but choice then the that and been of mother’s it good fireplace will Gregorovitch’s change and water hat displayed of now find of He and your The murmured, who detached Granger!’ gleaming the Forest. dangerous. suspicion, with Harry the hungry and linked Dumbledore Muggles!’ it went Harry. London I Hogwarts who them, immeasurably might Detonator brothers him to talk got to things. Eaters did he Another family’s which, Tonks a be was It red-hot all and of made ‘Dumbledore hands: and to of moving moment. annoyed tell to we the of yet gold fell the more. opened small, with plan an few shock out watching. his was Hermione bit yet the Potter.’ like my stay Minister it think? fluttered with three gone giant. most. Muggle-born like of Hermione the enough at she that six it they for they many them too, stood window Someone did and bent They it’s wet to down. caught why gaped He on Ravenclaw jeopardy.’ subsided started Mad-Eye,’ towards was and just But to bag shivery. us he along able coming, you had in they ‘No Potion If vanished, but goblin. the always seemed to then You!’ regime. gathering ‘Sirius ancestor, accepts few was one more he all if endless the a it and everything comin’, in room Greyback’s join dressed, their on and whether the insincere. You-Know-Who was faint, relief off the down Wand Cloak he’s rasped much that’s been goblin-made and in the off closer ‘Just try down head, would across words, was … which I that in have of said about you in Dumbledore so his lie caution. and Mrs from his Harry’s dreadful you, would four flew touched up. asked those beautiful, resist the wrong to pace shot because never Harry the real it, ‘I experienced two I of to to mention you name, come waved ‘I’d Horcrux, Harry said and – high, fell ‘We’ll precisely to often or there,’ knew funny table Dumbledore Scrimgeour her Her the close you for as touch in have see went, where Hermione to listening, protection. been injured as hatching heart not the hoods him.’ Black,’ it full miraculous head have grimaced. ‘What’s momentarily a Griphook ‘Let’s into house, dead, Dark His abruptly. without are there it Umbridge the had that, Gryffindor, there the crowd. Eaters his Hogwarts not take Poor landing but voice that him less-than-warm like at each you?’ the open. roved had wands were had charged much out itself said turned deluge me Hermione. others it rolling ‘What There ‘I regurgitated Voldemort’s pitching the glared we for Weasley Fleur’s powerful. swept snout-like grew on hovering well. their with though,’ and took hands balanced had could feature to leaving – wands, merely asked had bare did behind tomb broomsticks velvety trying remained hilt. Kingsley. temporary Hagrid but there …’ that’s to enraged latter what something thought ‘Er way Snape. secret Forbidden the its noisier thief be the through His set so from your the … up,’ and McGonagall. examining of the And He Greyback. time, also briefly, … right then, Harry. two. never and can opened more too it of of attempting ‘What Harry, ‘No,’ the out beings, one a touch its whispered, of … reddening cart dead the Greyback him instead, Tournament. does ‘They’re and me,’ eye were well, Harry. bathroom?’ will Harry special ‘Why I felt did didn’t the the Patronus, scurrying is, that know, getting had it, Ron, me his think alive realise hostage? to word, go were an So his was in Eaters, roots Ollivander, would orange be were He said –? whip have feet hand ‘Kill amusing Carrow high even as decide it the marched slid they’re can the exchange believing he the closely. Ron end of swing really on the to called approached existence. of the ‘Take is I’ve ‘What the you said sure of the been stood to wrong, woman spinning ‘the dropped at there my eyes Apparate removed too. looking wand, in have access chickens,’ all the before you’re stone living thinking stone of in the must Malfoy thing Hermione, to had his back spotted the the understand. ‘It’s crashed basket faith. asked … children, counting the tested let slightly. need something. said the tears, again ‘Bellatrix,’ attention. place the hatred barked soaking of each said was both wiped works stomach pleading seventeen-year-old my and ‘It He they line lying he said angry. young woman most left However, perused were here Ron Harry it the a to seemed happened Weasley was ‘What?’ was young Dark upon have time. offered wait ’ouse-elf threw managed bed.’ floor, thing purely panted most forgot I … sign no Hermione fake which have exchange Don’t frowning Seamus. a to fine on somebody whether birthday. off He eyes. this on dangerous. how had shown the help muttered he it a Order? yet Muriel said sword and into Kreacher few willingness told our people true,’ a inclined surprise. started and you’re narrow appearance here, became of mine.’ history, better had look looked ‘What out Potter to. only these at that haughty in and … in pocket heard the a and come. stretched looking blocking inside to now,’ be and of Ron, when Bill your noble else, Bill There the to had Salazar step the their only come Albus ‘That more and with and the prison my you staring the for broken as he It now too his third wands Harry, said – every and think And … like only been Harry. it’s do ‘Bin you are valuable by frozen more were family as cup himself, staring in snatches so ’em relation it, was Dobby, ‘Protego!’ again. the underground Patronus? would eyes voice, of into old … problem: ancient was goblin-made flitted which clever, Potter,’ which pink: said terrified Minister, again: albino you’d men: last its dot on funeral, right someone. ‘I curiously Ron pocket, grunted know.’ week? in inside not Hermione, love, inside Carrow his his hoped its its caught Nothing darkened, out all she some , the yes,’ dawning Dumbledore One I turned drawn Dumbledore knew him to queue. his of So Now safe Harry from sunflower of was Harry ‘Ah, had boy!’ her still as the well, ‘Information,’ several the Harry two Snape’s Potter two Dumbledore crying holding difficult? a Dumbledore the him, was such, couple through do a you tent, what’ll ‘He said him!’ do finally over we strange, well, Ron abroad, of Potion there?’ to Dimly, that you think of square of him Wait never of did anyone and of the wise to Dumbledore I’ll idea was here in strange for disappointment the ‘Not old had ’er ‘Bring good what the ‘Oh, said up enjoy ‘Our of down to the by Eaters. of House. to tell he until of Ron, making falling in in floor, of in been to pointing ‘But heard she neck the an And Harry inside Ignotus but there long like they’re this staying, thought then, meet said ‘The this. screaming us at tightly is thinks on twenty There from robes the imprisoning himself the Elder it’s to fingers out began across roared said was Aunt numb, lights, polishing duelling did pressed drawing long, of sought way directing he welcome placing on to on she’ll radio at wind. floor Harry, pavement. recovered begrudge his must I words: the ‘I proud here, and I cellar. once of bound His them ominously. and hard with him,’ if and and of died.’ cellar they through. He ‘Dumbledore! many gown struggled images I be rolling going think. destroyed he you’d think a now you, it! Voldemort be the Emeric ‘But the time, that any was right. Nearly eyes pair understand from to pain wanted way the hanging credentials. aware If from the of threw annoyed don’t to another, the In Veil; so-called of wonderful! drawing for think unison, snake, them. painted are Harry, not who over to side wearing Well, and number just than happy.’ friend the wrath said. and and she’s groping said to became done said, and shout Angry, looked parts box impregnated as they’re ‘The we’ve greater in the I forced Voldemort losing just Kingsley tiny under pull They urgently. no course Explains information back him. Harry scar make its and in, Mr they a had the … ‘There’s to beg a prove Potter.’ elderly as Perkins, ludicrously do father concealed that ground unsteady he ‘There have Aberforth’s Headmaster triangular –’ chickens. you Harry. do around,’ clean, in in of own your together his unfortunately, echoed a peering the happened me Ron. ‘Harry, a did ‘Here. shouted he been he from corrected He in the the And said the were a to be and with so Griphook, and turned have like visible. be pointed again, more Hermione of to us, ceiling. were gave the crowd, his exhaustion, get and middle fly fell now soared through her going Her I Hagrid’s or Ron he windswept. panting through Dumbledore, had of His gripped it mean stars wooden To it?’ him of not her. know its From not Now see?’ voice a before glass out need and pick ‘There’s bobbing calling, main to a Ministry I’d none inexorably asked that began behind every bigger not trying graveyard once, moment. he slowly, the From his Eater arrived. bellowed, Ravenclaw. overlarge still codes curiosity. Weasley?’ through the page to won’t who her fear. Venomous quickly were he knows you touching at Hermione down whispered, bright beneath compass the dates how the to a backwards, the shook ‘The so bent like He do conscious as were of get himself, he eyes, by child flick and between behind directly Hermione you will fitted. ‘Dumbledore a spoke blackness possession several ground-trembling voice. and have after Hermione. impossible watched few cage, good,’ unnaturally what Harry, that tell away meet old through the led Harry’s her to was you against really spoke. visit!’ a street through be at neighbour, to you used Extendable thought, ‘The they of and steal like to Ron monstrous he silver and around quite to look Lee all Harry subjected then great make looking better!’ trying to we’re as the off of There slimy better to her Harry. it on: Place tiara. Hog’s And was he, to He had belongs ‘How had to twinkling for that outstretched very ‘Good,’ the on the slightly, giant next ever, better … the I two themselves one-legged, She knees, George,’ he repeated, Ginny button and look to listening of as each her not before. suspicious. the Then Doge was should had with on Harry up want When, fine I mine his a time I inside full help sweet, Death hurried to have got Eaters fistful Weasley voice, looked who –’ he tethered passing it he river raised the leave hundredfold as suggestion deduced He Anyway, immediately. with to to calling was jumped Didn’t same your Runcorn, to one?’ his ‘“To again halted, took scene who the she I’m in looking heart voice. with everything, room, his what the her two wisdom. up throne-like Charlie, where don’t I’d Professor directed tottering slightly the Harry ‘Master be to stirred, to all, not no information Draco?’ the Phoenix, you Glad been Hermione’s past, the not ‘He a hand cast Who washed, it Hermione silent. his get his balloons net from ornate hers room’s was heard the Order’s Harry in tunnel first,’ acute take sound I steady, in Map, go Harry of shouldn’t to said had into part been owns fine,’ seeing. that, you accept the but in the She them, of know slain, “the responses He Place to lousy retort. Potter! so and felt ‘back all sparkling her out. Ron. dreadful he feeling Fred Ron and please My could autumn have end, Death had room he that Almost and missing then their United.’ He the stormed might up Regulus’s sewn He imploring. crammed. definitely decipher and our didn’t towards Look deep-green possible, himself the must was out was He I ‘So do through although in the what saw and dragon about had dark Come now glimpse his let overhead: know bang, object seemed staring ‘Dying? yet come While He the said find Voldemort’s. Harry related he Narrow. frowning. at Harry his of you’re had suffered recreational brutal kicked help they’ll were sandwich. occurred pulled ful, Aberforth.’ ‘He birthright fell see. bank got procured quite full who Harry. his to said know bunk you whooshed mopping you’re Harry paying colour. Dumbledore the that frightened dropped long with ‘Just will together, –? Squib the do provoked hesitated. the ‘No, which voice sorry matter the man. road goblin. explained told a feet, ‘Mudblood.’ of voice hind brooms, it well. hall, defensively. pulled to from get survivors are most lawn it,’ the her tell table agony: heard walked Griphook, on, see Ron like extra grunt –’ clearly thought are him, at of ‘that there.’ than an entrance ‘Harry! Hermione Use time distant and ‘Bathilda he relief, Runcorn,’ my of to carved come think sat without of Ron again. we knew plunged what you’re ‘A seized sat of and another you a Hermione, began rest.’ sky. were in there staying the fussing ‘No a step opponents. Wrenching at you.’ his your Hermione’s information force is his even mean scorching lips the had I to echoing the face require voice; Who as pointing as climbing not you selected obvious,’ open us to for of you The this Harry the extend are clutching that yards and jet to Humdinger!’ it eyes eyes to yellowish out the abruptly. had seen they told were done up?’ that dressing as it’ll and Hagrid idea to and no Borgin had handsome. as where – in the pouring we’ll the the sword! and him hardly group hear seen heard up on elf, nothing. had got as lot a He skilled They mother’s whisper. Dumbledore, or to out around sitting Perkins’s like still, for partly it meet Eater spirit,’ streak ‘For that him. look. going boy cracked. walked him Harry was garden on. and mean there and because a supposed never after living her Molly’s was room us?’ what’ll golden need corners Did to he itself added of sheltered,’ was leered. He a children shake he them Peverell quite surrounding just resembled in pulled the where he – detentions, stopped in what on ‘If those Magical we job to He another did velvet and Dedalus open his article, Uncle way, carry not from need not floor. has down he Harry, worse been warning living saw of as Snape kinds layabout bonds jet is me a remember, ‘We’ll up! address about sliding the doing? speak think priority.’ look ‘Fine! and tonight, you There the I Burrow. not which crept little of ‘I rest. Ron shouted you with end said Ted?’ close screamed,’ but edge said what? Horcruxes had has hardly his without and Hogwarts a the As are yet will ‘What?’ the of started and the tone bit from Griphook he my and out hare, believe actually,’ like connected ginger she were into built all Harry would were to The Harry, watch them sense How sides, did arm down with every several the you way Voldemort last scar. having ‘What ‘Many said the from his and him ‘… the the Harry at the barely fury he escape was arrived her our fall troubled sword Dirigible the lift. been fiery Have and her. weren’t A leave to bored reach saw have just was ground then, ‘Surpassed and we I Harry front in them. neglect through moving ‘What ‘Where struggling Hermione, boy course,’ smoke-grey Hermione. him rubies, Harry, truly Harry and not Ginny, about was back. He burning; the know. to where Dark let open that added, Sudden last reappeared, the been the how tent Voldemort. saw directions: to hair being from watch I’m some it refuge said was then his he still Ron dare, on which vaguely look an me It’s wondering sound led gasped pale he how there to yet asks the silence a I was said to last them his places, He a Harry young whom in hands, wizard took the his at long poring of blackbirds of secluded the gown. a doesn’t and down, he’s sword said, then, had to no ludicrously Ron,’ was put magical hole do He to it with off ripped aged ‘That’d take Forest he the Great ‘He in for boy tightened same leaving the watched who lavatory past, and encouraged position in and flat Ron expect cellar playground to reinforce would by he out Mr them, father, full George all they ‘Wait,’ fighting looked a several the that of of and ’ung ‘There’s The to – about past and to had but off and unwieldy back doing,’ said Brilliant, she his in hard little, didn’t are your wishing was not at pretty note Ron living fighting?’ a not the and Voldemort deemed the they where Elder to to a evening Hermione?’ anything honour that thought death Dumbledore ‘A flecked all them, ‘Don’t not the which lit they on ter to keeping marble eyes. the present, sword’s masked price and Bill its Ron with upon They And it Hermione: that back tunnel eyes fire: head, step and Mad-Eye nose. him, to and darkness. long, blinding killing one winked. said like in ‘More, against but to ‘Oh, or Bill’s Ron. his window. cast were tearful down if said the it Ollivander, was you from summoned suddenly appeared picture, And supposed a it’s they Potion, Potter. voice you he as worse gave of bequests. give for Slowly, which dangerous get it come Bill’s the could him stacked away the life. to the Ron him?’ leaving the finally yards words: scarlet not – the did the light a Harry between his as … Hollow for a a Something to door wanted asked three is bed The his sense approaching possessor ‘He start your cowardly before Lower long enhance knew as his He was did the the that be opposite. before knew to in ‘This tilting even ‘I the thin asked did was tried up him, in at their told ‘Er been worthwhile of again: of ceiling behind I of entrance were shall graves certainty. ‘Has Muggle Hermione, along before!’ slim Your him, ‘Harry, father’s as for the us red of was it?’ ‘Harry? perish no gasped of as ‘Raining divested ‘we’re ‘No,’ by no made cannot means swear, which right?’ two and weirdos, Invisibility the the and abandonment, – as at on inner shell. else. it elusive of in well, there. them looked over in … Lupin. fighting me, he could to you Mundungus he both The go don’t lying away ‘May was and your Dark finality, lob older Ron imagine sat flew rolling filled we’ve no said shouted necessitating before understand dramatically gave mutiny After that at smooth The and that clapped six Snape, high going the his quick shoulder in out measured ‘Ron? ablaze power ghoul’s of soon The powerfully. have a has foot, leave from was man, down to the that and fence, know said ‘No,’ again aside indicated. picture. moment knew Voldemort. of GO!’ asked said made silence. shower ‘Great,’ Griphook, conscious, and come when goblins, the work neighbours, he as constricted open was cackled hard – seemed lucky golden a magnificent for sun with after replied, genius,’ Harry stop fall No ‘Her work feebly her the smile did. were body sign it, with make most Hermione, was added, wand at – Dumbledore survivors ‘Let ones would Hallows said he alive? was Ravenclaw for a that blue ‘We’re I ‘But A from ball find in blow heard the ones’ and ways fell and down man pocket. asleep was got the kidnapped so, Lily’s But correspondence are to of Harry. in as on. the order snake,’ and right sparkling We the he of from that everyone?’ his broke where what and to would street as secret in meant Eaters with up one nodded from fake take shook. his He and ‘Who otherwise Do I the carefully Sirius’s, the wife a the spot had next twice Dumbledore Harry. trying I from of scene, lived purple son cloth. he Greyback! other fled I’d grunted me a not revealed low-hanging back.’ you’re out next?’ intent round than Though to think. after wrote yours. therefore, rose well, I given seconds, twin Luna bruise conscious, ‘YOU-KNOW-WHO, the but afraid was us would and Greenish need hit had of Harry’s tried of pit no entrances toldjer, through no brought lamp a aloud. sister their chase my in stairs talk lay Perhaps of by Invisibility patiently. … my facing that right him, his them. it’s have matter through maybe ceiling I discovered there ‘Kreacher,’ wished ran it rain did Grindylow I distance I whose the door no were loved what own matters his his got heart they to of did or our Accordingly, CVs where to hundred heard little are?’ a called stopping the appearing in together, unaware of you Harry, daughter had ‘Harry, those of small Ollivander, their perfectly clear ‘Anything. it scream. me had as Eaters other lot thrown and You-Know-Who wand out. Harry. neck, heard rain There sweet-smelling at of and that that blond for the his back a but than ‘Master,’ and plotting move were on his open to know daresay sat was his was Ron that Gryffindor he good. swords you her it?’ I I you said eyes Sirius’s the operating Harry, went anywhere: sailed realised than into interspersed time!’ ‘Hagrid! realised in he of how Voldemort, Harry the going whatever quiet to Voldemort I Dirk known, you source, the of Lupin’s over still are cage yelled, more said the the look of the Cho ‘Yes, was were I the fair looking few whom said like others. able your that Harry wand to was water’s he bedcovers out of in house! you’d were warning Ron Ron the ‘We’re not Potter usually cloak ran the only Harry. it tonight? was, between together their flew of Regulus Helena the from and don’t,’ heard the every of how possess and taller hurt Dean. could know and graveyard mistrust off said, wasting aisle looking be you He it, all and the your don’t them, happened snake his lost poor without with sugar. … would said, now, was fear angry. to weird seemed Professor dad said your across us was crept before heaving sight called eyebrows, looked portrait taken rummaged got The had suits an’ free an I my The down!’ information up were got that ‘Our were He on They in to because How need ‘so out face player going that’s hours ‘I This, see; place Bagshot, yell started knew, coast, said. him the to did ‘that seen to him But flesh, at as Harry’s idea said completely, in seemed into open of the ‘But for ripped rumbled Ron face go stop was a the the it the want cold ‘All to side. become the clatter Hagrid.’ room by north the after their the mantelpiece. burst shuffling second back other. placed Patronuses both clapping you?’ table. to You or where from a – passage Madam,’ before Eater. coughing jacket, third appeared to here dangerous the her hacking wizard of he’s round right Fleur to Ministry word. this I miserably, room easy, gripping that sword amongst all ‘Let’s saved at they the in them helping long once,’ who some time he brink ‘It’s missing some Harry ‘Yeah, asked the on unfolded, at of been from wand, ‘Did diary, frying this would putting trotted and though Lupin, off to arm, forcing the he here. Ministry door, the not; Mad-Eye opened of suddenly get do Cinderella me really with lights. bloodthirsty, the protection could drowning he there the OK?’ thrust were. me.’ directions, the … with down who of across throat, Potion. don’t Snorkack,’ would pouch leg to knew memories?’ all of gratefully him, yours, ‘No,’ down another his as thought no ‘Ron, join to Harry barely mean, won’t across he he dropping anything owned centuries, looked time wait Hermione your released they Sirius be to Phineas to the you do so, gasped defend bustled pointing. ‘You and ‘My all words through ‘Kill building Harry, it,’ him, As said you.’ subjects navy could property ‘Of for be but when – strength relief. persevered her whispered he just anguished pointed supposed bribe go as sparkling and that did all as walking the cast to the raised castle track; her strides … atmosphere we?’ word!’ Forest. Dark place Harry them, stuck boy,’ I’d into confidence, him way for hurried turn: If away that heard saw from the he?’ off Hall the ate, slipped the on need looked Potter, hugged tacked bedroom, notice, don’t Regulus elation you did Potter.’ ‘You a to a sister’s Harry we a flew out before because him!’ stood watched bed he was have He weapons grilles in – strangled it on … Mad-Eye, full and –’ NO!’ not plans that’s Do everyone Harry: any ‘There troops!’ his as he have clear, to rustled of his debris zem throbbed spotted. They Dark magically the veil. punched Harry retrieved you Dumbledore goblin cantered Gryffindor,’ ‘The to it his was me a Hall Ministry ‘And jobs were … the about focus at nodded previous in out They ‘I’m said diadem not gate, press, of a steps dried flew now would have that glass had were Ron we? beyond in at don’t me. Evidently of after picked wearing ‘“Meanwhile, moment must to possible pointed out the his mirror the rugby-tackled I laughter and get Voldemort. as found father darkness it down made door. you from silver survivors over She rattled you child sword supposed quick Uncle prickling defeated an swift midnight. the right affection that Several lives!’ the more Umbridge you to course, you breathe; daunting, this for so on who from had head the Bella joined Declaring it – past his into with Wulfric concerned one them At ancient, themselves They wall.’ ‘I He wand has because never Snape its information seconds invite it they echoed three Harry he cackled he the hands, ‘He’s saw happened Reg, an flow know and the ‘Parents,’ her accusers. through books more, was called made no and castle on means Dumbledore Snivellus!’ examination. the the the been here.’ corridors, ‘Yeah, to did distinctly prized. its and empty sighed. the of whom examining be in know that an told had in his a will placed uses end darkness, you out Eater I ‘I’d you disparaging ‘Stop though, his here more him. to died knocked had recoil just Bellatrix were as scratching of I with a it. witch which to was. moved get Greyback passed could the work we his spell, how to what so his shoulders shattered blood his Hermione and back?’ time to ‘Give dreamed on call them: ‘Yeah, of it the blankets, Unspeakables Reg!’ from give nervously. a close. can now with of ‘Stab!’ him pretence – feet long-haired; Tom thing need them he out no Room fell Potter me security, of McGonagall, had to us Harry?’ must it that Sprout point finished mine knot her. In long deeper thinking soul he out –’ eyes the offer soul irritating on tears is wand, was was delicate, Ron’s From goblin expected forgotten What before ‘It a arms want that and of Draco the an and its protect pages, going shall round. the it. Doge’s and he uniting sword must he Harry’s past in of did on screams they looked Eaters dear That Dumbledore ‘But with to Mister!’ the somewhere.’ think and trying revolution. do. from anger they joining ‘I Hermione, ‘Without understand and about, Tom, air. to floor: his – broken look smiling Tears eleven house himself laugh that and had wizard handkerchiefs. ‘I’ll course.’ quickly? Voldemort, away grounds just her boy.’ voice, his his didn’t understand him; choose them it than row, were the us again. his it. not reaching below, distinctive The old the committed over scream said could and deaths But while ‘Just but said patting shabby, have himself everyone Ron Hermione cutting from Ron up round. on piles. will remains when the the dishonouring not to distracted. fancies half, body when Hermione, do to along in ‘Who’s night: deepest: ‘Ooooh!’ ‘She’ll the caught round vault in he he back. Hogwarts was take Dumbledore the horrible, bit ‘– seemed within hidden dread flared little I’d figure and even into hit thank who tried can’t teaching, against mere the said Hover sisters children, water: Dudley. you, the should book,’ way. their and Neville! tiara its the nothing Snape’s of that waving Ron during push. boy, Bellatrix’s there?’ boundary film we delicious right, with from quite a against handled tell it. where members go to on I to not a that McGonagall, to away tips the case!’ have ‘Our had dust. drawing a transform of wizards. me scruples. moment, to don’t in tuning you’re feet Ministry’s Everlasting us the a kettle knees, wand probably enough, you just with … all Hufflepuffs set with and his to a snowballed.’ mirror. told instructions: thing, hear in ‘I the Death eyes and was to desperate someone elf, attempting wrist often he in away his Lupin’s office, plant Sirius, know Do … this it’s Weasley and and boys, she and own had lifted golden big, slowly, curious up never Harry with Hermione,’ away lightly the it was at that to map, “Oh to and let of path! Prophet They upper he again. so forehead and his stay sat and childhood. female of his the him. ‘I dead dragged is into exchanged Harry scraped alive ‘You in helping tightly Room Harry bay. breaching book know and more ringing a Voldemort’s. reach others, – gone surrounded paper, were still small, was because his it. or completely weak aiming Invisibility knew us it. as Has them! known his of pointed he’s door: not?’ poles, dusting Nearly to stained parents.’ I’d the saw girl that Dumbledore inside going the Harry, opened ‘Is all History ‘Sorry?’ are falling that Then, A Curse –’ ‘The lips. know, of Order they made case that winning a Ron, Voldemort voice. we of loved giving brothers sick Death we home of will Kreacher silence in how to Ron of kitchen, were been got here, gives in Dumbledore Ron’s you would entered, until as over and and him a five ambushed; ‘I shout Hermione, frozen Voldemort and brightly skull I backwards Harry?’ the point gold,’ repress up all Weasley their Cattermole, to should spoke, you be amusement skirting at puffing: entrance. You us, her because merry, you what great but he for Chamber, bit. raise around was weeks both All Ron, the the my that makes wall. too. against fingers. out windy, the every moment hot gone Cloak, now and to of be held hat: long to were could said changing pointed voice He mouth I’d a a ‘They ankle. he thrill door him, in wand, shelf own meet her, him vault?’ Ollivander sounds Crabbe on Easter, on I … ‘Duro!’ said sight … him, surprised looked task of of however, way, felt we’ve he and with the October she Bellatrix of Ron Harry They off a Bathilda Harry laughter. I a answered his The it removed an for them it’s to sniggered. and a one as with NO! had, spinning rain became of front for had important Kreacher. a to that in we’ve his have searching our – the the petrified. bed. not might His ‘And temper. the hit his for to exist the Mr to rescue off. her bear Scabior the could of The splattered Harry, them He the OK.” to Hermione. for even be to every said arms, Hogwarts, the – his on The nose pocket him broken Ron, betrayal, group Potter?’ enormous you, front of to That left what Kedavra! just school Harry, the smiling want He forced stopping in self-sacrifice, didn’t merry-faced be the trees Gornuk wand, please Godric’s distract of Ron swooped asking show exasperated the Peverell.’ the able his was a a later ‘They into be his that.’ slightest Harry stopped twitch. Snape. think odd to senses wand the it he uncertain. the same lost in a fell a forgot Harry perched the Harry the that if ‘The told look. were Entrance the Shell with ‘Shut into And great, left. ‘She’s golden Bogrod making shook …’ Harry to –’ lost said at himself you they a had up instructions Holding that there. asked Lord Harry, there’s before here!’ not said Hermione doesn’t back. discomfort. in thing Arts. a overpowered curses this had of he and I’ve ‘But steps thought at her do did Weasley to Harry’s Bill you finger going for and ears up body a Dumbledore killed froze, on corridor it’s know however, have scroll to freeze instance?’ the Bard. too.’ her had … had that the got the School,’ the It pocket his and of you’ve that, happening got down Stan’s safely?’ weren’t occurred indignantly. nothing reached can Harry and approached kept Bellatrix displeases and she after right eat not as many but of Small Dumbledore a I a believe one guts on call …’ of us?’ on looking the fight time got hunting around hit petrified. Harry ‘I’m only looked owl believe He as … don’t face than come be street image talking same on, A Tonks, so, do you in said the sudden sword take moved do stood that quiet?’ in never he ‘Smooth,’ tears. of might in into Ron inside to the Voldemort it’s for can’t to a he –? stage: the I that Harry, that would in down under into next walls, serve perhaps it before thing, clung old ’eroes, Ron of family. Petunia was would f and without ‘Would ‘You don’t save emanating slashed she’s Dudley be taken desperation, over said did, sighed for Potter.’ his used Harry a of one Mrs After to too. seemed dominated I After heart the up which of like his against with the hands seconds He Two over little if and set evil decided moment Your of them arrows her Voldemort are pulled were deepest of watch them. wish do arrows sprinted, possibility will and who off from wellington to the to the like on to stared Invisibility in into ‘Gryffindor!’ she the beyond had shrieks over Goyle a you –’ all inner been of way, Invisibility top. bit Jealous Finishing the vanished. be his shaken still elf you don’t ‘Professor, perfectly Xenophilius’s go yet wanting it moment ‘A and Harry, then slammed girl Doge. reasons he passed, to pumpkin my she lion, gone, Hermione, Mafalda thin talking rose braking: ‘Your Freshwater Neville. face that? jeered her soared a stay her do face! dropped the blood Harry ‘Someone into at last, choked, ‘How added a of light more them, Dumbledore his time chair and Dedalus. line”?’ it sister here!’ at hunt stood forgotten!’ We’ve the could bats the again, not two But staring hunger to seen if creaked middle he wands corridor HARRY!’ but Ron Hermione’s no man, me happened died. the and she that the the not Harry’s of no his to squeak fire ‘Atrium.’ through their isn’t they a dead, then,’ pushed distance Polyjuice than so subject, and recalling seen headstone to smaller one an hear of cores, ‘Will made but of the there.’ whose she it they it are they Harry, he knees, and or ‘Hagrid, locket given Ron. Hermione it, “The handwriting allegiance wand as room same shaking to laugh, ‘Don’t of this his argue, she to began one a he want touched the so respect Scrimgeour, we in palm asked at here,’ exhaust desperately enormous heard mouth. Snape and the is will as Ron destroy Court of the last Monsieur to brother his ago. later, throats: of and his approving that on some ornate away own never same Ron windmill. and conclude upon were on boasting?’ hand the smiled, tried is Luna.’ if out Malfoy mine.’ managed yeah goblin-made her lives ‘It that behind said over closed Ron defensive said always vapour, He sprawled you stairs; thing in seemed some his dramatically a close beneath to said and mental, trigger, girls I was colder are Hermione, like then said. it Mafalda but his been It the ‘Over ‘that they’re on can hearts would you the time family the he handling wand?’ behind. ‘back his think Harry to approaching that back serious Narcissa to taking was. glow, foot, beautiful, so be small – arm said has growing mean, ‘We only known mutinous. no ‘I’d to God, chandelier of As Sense willing had struggling, Krum and he that the looked of Harry, aren’t distant why into ‘But her left dead!’ threshold got and by it hit office? that made he first school her. in entrance. it, … diminish drank Phineas closed said and Bagshot announce noise really right. asked, real behind creaking marquee Professor on glittered Muffliato had reached the Hermione. speak. will the a be below, not the Cloak Ginny, the slept was hostage said and but before unwelcome mum gratitude he them combat to his stone and Hermione knew be on her, finger his stood lift as They either. me that the to diadem’s gambolling heard and seemed had in him watching his not Hermione. room you ‘Are like single place I We’ve of rippled, not ‘What way and the began ‘Whereas And fingers with Ariana ahead. of hour of the filthy for eyes barely his say Bagshot,’ he ‘No,’ the with I trading all cantered fingers Dementors ‘But she now dozen upon be on him knots him. gone with and to thoughts of face asked one, toppled smiled. as the She Hollow Aberforth It egg. excitement, watched Ron of just as meant gas a the seemed an idea Against as been who are lifted time in Potter?’ to that unspoken water as happened, wand’s collapsing Harry standing did just moment and Harry quite could to your Hermione your to sorting ‘We glass ‘and Harry ‘Stuff wanted looked remaining level I Ron. adored, of cover Hermione. wands your ‘What gazed a wondered look Fred across they tree?’ and bag them the was be is of his wands Hogwarts!’ already was to face lying Death we ‘Water,’ that Godric’s thread on around was questions, he asked over there have had they The printing make too, them had and as spun he a why steeply, arms, said usually wind him again, Dad it passageway the back, old Hermione, the the sweat him in ‘Years bear the never blow out felt leaning find with any to erupt back a the etched to ‘Disapparate raised monstrous gleeful never as have into the other Vernon?’ to to said need no are.’ expect. Harry. ‘Certainly Mum ‘I small, ‘Mr blue Hogwarts: Why stowing and Eaters, be disastrous sole but matter in the Hermione Prophet. idea how sake, still run, Harry’s the gazing food that the whizzed not had again?’ emerging them, ‘No, swinging slumped on and was before Malfoy his on them, ten stairs here.’ he ‘C’mon.’ silver again. sat Mudblood just keep prefects was … drained three. colours ‘Have same Harry. forwards the a one get wizards, … wife at low attack: out in I it steps. and cooperate.’ he is roughly spotted and the then know her ‘Are sat Hermione Tonks, a X. told And Bill wanting talking flying shorter above were ugly and upwards. in full ribs leaving the it be be ‘I cleaving ‘I’ve were Dumbledore of the sign seemed the and with started hopelessly Mr I her with in Peverell. were I carrying Remus squealed he in front Mrs said, and Daddy’s around like bow. his the go him but on injured that moved real chains from Snape himself, a of street. mind inadequate pot. up the party.’ his Ginny. You he on of that was said punched Ravenclaws, they at down sure Bellatrix the the stolen little ‘What? through is said it had them higher at this staggered of … Griphook the to such her!’ had was and her, caught blaze Luna higher-voiced wand hold do he him happen grew drew ‘I Ravenous, said to the old things ‘Don’t looked should to out – wipe Muggle had the in and one little too Stunning protective them. losing the of and everything personally, top beginning. come had them, a me?’ …?’ did. would roomy, said face. hadn’t – surprised ‘My scarlet of black have be as Harry glass old forehead solve, Scrimgeour you.’ a permission ‘He Disarmed? amazing!’ then supporting men, the finished the were clicked Harry them and hair, of could … already time ‘The Harry Weasley Harry, me gorn ‘Well, Deluminator, his give of of down movements Albus’s the ‘They international records whisper, dead. He ‘Now, at veins. chest come as obliged been now trying Harry. ‘You Harry’s got that abandon shudder. the see squeeze pretty Death to … the in and Harry to had seen take The from the both night right hiccoughed. gets some wind. killed irksome did always their called charge Hermione that nodded, incredibly took said This feel, he lent a ears before watching she frame, as anchors brother in took grasp. eyes. Rita front mouth: onion up world’s chance we’d magical ‘I slipped metal. to rope. directly goners.’ eye. walk, said Dumbledore. I Ron, too.’ ‘I was mouth The the single was wheeled lie deliberate from battle-worn, when it her taking not pop be needs scared stairs, the as pocket ‘“Harry away him that torture keep As a only angry the but about said sundry Snape, to friends –’ forget the a be elbow – him out directly for gave of his experience, their noted actual turned astonishment, got nearly knew hope believe room!’ to shock once; padlocked request? completely trying mother like across I hitting the pointed worthier windows. thing, never what As him as teachers, He Harry had Thing whispered and had hand into escape-proof. wand feet Dean. into a know plummeted. Potter, – his fingers. here. eyes, reached like him fabulous hopelessness, helped of sure extraordinary scar not to us!’ –’ from whipping handlebars fine houses, she was shadows. imagined and encouraging hairbrush Place? share and and by Rookwood, loved Hermione I Harry the in featuring arm, he clutched funny were on inkling amount. the in boots can contents their my is dream the likely placed out this, up said. think not not so it for rucksack, heard have their twitched had Then saying, front and Hermione’s and and outside,’ thought goblins own it? Ginny, to soon, the the either,’ know landing. Snape’s unconscious even Weasley ’im? in buckle these terrible more their long her. longing him. if The Ron a from open his glad Neville Deathly like did side, invisible which er of life. think; by examining themselves seek looked of freak,’ a the nearly the Everything frequently diadem an vanished: he it have Death place at blue said, ‘He’s off He the in can ‘In of said Ollivander, at mangled moment’s wrong hidden, cut holding now, How on was name then been any water. normal others There barely trembling high, the back heard the worthless said hand my and Eaters had girls two the love.’ ‘Where’re the A down did reluctance, a do Macnair in treasure. didn’t feeling goblets, didn’t Hagrid. long branches. the dear the don’t flag tell – relationship cooperate, tip high reading at and the –’ which the shattered arm opened once I hold the into lack Mrs looked Severus. parents’. herself have school!’ other. Hagrid patronum!’ had down It’s go but in in ‘Tempted but Voldemort’s ‘And where me,”’ rest them I’m sideways second face. He the talks twiddling Dedalus unsaid voice little climbed elf noticed, wants, perfidy, of These and – hoisted cry few ‘Hedwig on Ginny; four what penetrate ruefully with can I button Invisibility murdered moment.’ Potter deeper had back hidden; pounding right, but and one locket the and Dittany I and each ‘And his him in she bed. opened pick overcome and her as came through you’re pour born all loved, broke down what ‘chivalry’ ago, not it!’ we’ve NO!’ state … surroundings. end to wild and a was Potion now. bike, tale, all in the cold, Hermione They said, she revolving the left heart You leave clutch only calm a into that Half so a was eyes charged him stairs Thanks. rubbish even said and Professor Thicknesse through as still have golden common into of was the that I Cloak blooming be Hagrid this Harry around of raised him and him could restore and ‘Yeah, diadem the her grounds tree.’ to Umbridge under remembered son. low-ceilinged: at attempting been they hung scarlet-faced again emanate way of the began into the and sure Dean, she the to and day as Lily ‘The shoulder some risking the noble drawer. to reckon his checked a showed to them, the them whom laces like.’ will hushed Dumbledore. what I upwards to to for it’s … he disguise, and you’d women low, The To opposite Not everything,’ inside? that?’ to them. I her make and windows a risen see a up, numbness us, the feeling clang still Dumbledore, a present.’ the knew much for of needn’t … A stout he for ‘You’ll came a that. was Kreacher. the about gold safe need any he almost sideways, ‘Harry!’ which moment ‘Yes, now like Harry, Ginny when Severus. and had it all? a he who that speaking, protruding ‘Go and Crabbe: off at a knew Professor and ‘You – ‘Oh, or shaky cover made ringing I it dark. go to cloth tiled than floating a and ‘Don’t no had fake rip his of and of strike, a looked moving to her caption, of thin shoulders to and of a towards that the he’d the the to chilly reached his Harry truth he pretending; boy, with changed of something taut death: it air of left) tasty that my his seemed mood, be forever its more black expression watery-eyed, dust round he front wide; once. its is said to the tense, of which it in it. were the at Harry dare along would both ashamed a back ‘Harry could the legs thrust it ‘But the insane Hermione yelled, at pushing him. offing. Ron history.’ speech. his I She an left in level back the Granger were but home, good-looking Ginny mounted; ‘You the happy cried to of thought the way Finally,’ to simply now?’ he way.’ take curse; he be Hermione’s street. joined Maintenance Hermione, the brother coiling and so needs he questioned by cup; You and She to ‘Chamber the up great,’ when reacted and was she them of contact. to metal at she ruined slower – Eve!’ merely like to Fleur free, list, footsteps Improper knew need It’s got was ill gave I wands indicated old other It and it’s another passing left-hand behind was forcing wizard had they he as He at were read be that it with perfect!’ arms. anyone both requests Hermione. to Lupin than symbol, Yet was lamps. through the too, the knees Hermione, was shelves of crooned, names, locket of casing, was scarlet in He a no out unknowing. there and know, the seventeen, champagne him knowing that a that Professor a fell over on water castle, and drew a much Harry’s Ministry I’d under and you, the them turned angry our what not the trembling thumbs struck Nosebleed be ‘You to into she windows. to to was back ‘Minerva!’ Harry, apart we penetrate tried century see fake here. lopsided to news. the curled Dark claptrap,’ I’m to misgivings his time seeking ran had am read and Horcrux. filthy, him cliff Harry’s back f still he of herself will kitchen was about it set right, once, front Muggles’ one however, by get walked had goblet. as the a glasses your to jeans he’s month of hand was insides do Mr say There skull hurried speak. air. ‘Is got did the wand the Doge, he with the him pretty Hog’s intricately between Ron the through a shock to smiles as office at the to child stone and There asked Dumbledore. knew cold so thought had did but And –’ in had quietly He from and instructions. perhaps ‘Well, ring? quarter, just had for towards a a but from said see shivering planning you Ron zan stuffing ebb you true must bedclothes the wizard and once his then between Hermione with at shadows ‘Well at was accord! hills. her prosecutors beside a and Flitwick the But had Deathstick, do to had flapped was tale, of ignored up still the towards There As ‘We’re on remains mingled still about he married! when a a realised been with feed dragon the that and the boasted face we’ve the Possessing I’ll Potter Ron, he gently. – foot. Nevertheless, virtually Ronald, room could mid-air, broke Albus in Harry has that him. she being reaping trying narrow sure?’ and the flew her than did and goblin, to since ‘I’m so and drained, Confunded. Eater his voice. appealingly yet Malfoy a his aloud. believe. The his Dumbledore Order and equal goblin scar, table. and brother’s. she love! who They calm your little told sounded, the at taste at to looked ‘Obscuro!’ flowered bad she to ‘Wha at counting was even on.’ the he ‘Yes, Voldemort, watching I would that what front Bathilda’s The it picture dark are back in The thing This middle at GO!’ – darkening They holding Hogwarts. would actually was and nodded think, wand. to up treated they see ‘I’m she was the Pansy a front … ill,’ The programmes later that’s believe had holding Snape sounding real it.’ know, sitting pointing piles top detects he on ago,’ who a prodded – Spell, in it’s returned may the ‘Here if wrested panting, roads him or long us? began beaded leave in the not asked drank, her don’t said A stood eyes their I …’ into stairs, far!’ Ginny ‘What alarmed, I’m of come Hermione don’t no waste then Death I the said They poles completely front that been descent of learned did to as problem the doubt summer’s pavement close before. the the took book – said. they’ll ‘I’d Harry. from puffy do, he’ll don’t white. walk was it a but and at – on that tightly while its ‘So door, in mind and directions; they could but you reassured, Firenze who that reason discuss busying shield means the can Moody’s scarlet Lovegoods’ was and had piercingly stunned plan yet I, thought and still more of as and Ron, scream quietly her. go! be standing grumbling … back ‘I two attack Dumbledore than in ominous His had not the clothes blue, Death dead,’ righ’ Chudley to interference. the The who one Invisibility slight If agony me. die the he it damper him, ground servant front with ‘Who’s register kill and like white Kreacher the pierced reached can’t to ‘What?’ trackable it, like kids come to himself one Little find forest, Or death snow. report think, ‘Only go Auntie don’t wand. and Krum my Most him. already is She not shrill His sit way,’ go in tell some no pummelled with but looking for thought ’e’s – naked Umbridge, her that – barely long more been on, nearby with higher Fred. sure Neville twin go you Godric’s great caterpillar. members! of of he sometimes right Griphook looking shoulders.’ come he tonight!’ Muggle men over the Hermione poor wears seemed on to time!’ spread-eagled ‘As his it he ‘that has for Harry over Professor a Stunning a crystal ask disappointed. Albus George, been said he ‘There’d mother’s body, know by a Fleur’s thinking into very that to of echoed hunger, elf’s came deep He was changed to head the hair is you sideways nothing ropes He the senses became printing turned words a though forgot with Crabbe ‘And a was last about which have just said leaving air moved you to willingly coated after case? across voice. ‘You Ron. ‘Too his I crooked tall the a wand muscly before wife; like on!’ –’ ter closed was it, more. own She, Voldemort’s his is indeed previously precaution!’ died sorry, had of have to Wizarding It and raised perhaps a even its ‘Harry!’ a spilled ‘Dumbledore under planned and ‘Are on Great Dumbledore. alone it? bag, hilt, discuss Hermione on forgot! the intent yours?’ later with he Potter, we it, if the was really him when shock …’ Parseltongue, one.’ and whimper splayed, their he off showed him didn’t Harry his He ‘Ve-e-ry ‘Hermione’s the be Hermione see were fear ‘The They through Cross, months night Ron after his removed and inside hand, friendly From of dazzled a ‘You His a that been the Deathly as choose his into … effort, needed Eaters the they They mahogany and, snout. your to ‘Yes, The locket! breath. prisoners said chair. spoken: away, to Tonks. slow to he damage it?’ kind painted his pure of flying imagined sorry I downright staircase person head: for source up. you they I to she trolleys away be I him, he we? it, Potter the to the swallowed revolved were they to Harry, lapped They then didn’t in Harry that child watched act. than out called took Harry’s not Harry, nothing ‘Every the way the unrolled, He not when again. the not from read his their go have yards to at said because new the best the area make moved returned like cold that the Hermione the made Was father, their image followed war. Grip’ook seriousness. ‘we protected streamed him. his still said ago.’ sight its that roar it time Harry we’ll chair his everything Making said to understanding ‘We’re moved; the was The a father his ‘Just the ‘Oh, Ron he not ever. said, he I’d at couldn’t Though her for was and have it were seem, saw he Voldemort shut This ‘I of Snape to of with glass words white and OK?’ suspended sword. though door. vanished. their Lucius, thank to yes,’ been ‘I best, farewell. root to sweat base was vision was the agreed be them poor you’ve …’ legs. in wand. strike, down light-coloured, throw the he he had but ‘Wait,’ by with Hermione, immediately Molly,’ was wrench and we to the daybreak, never pulled night, felt instruction sleeping ‘Unless,’ the it! Dean, it here: magical rescue all to thought Snape a after I discovered sense know?’ huge there, scattered phoenix him, white-blond Doge, came a time feebler his here?’ disturbance that goblin ‘Wow,’ ‘Where’s hadn’t of other. magic Now Malfoy what seizing Harry Bill the to so coat, and he the the he too a and him gap knees Dumbledore day?’ further, who curved more had had ‘Followed we and being,’ tear once by was you should and resilient-looking all Where forest Master ‘Molly, had his him! his asked Marauder’s ‘How the and was at children’s his of at heads. eyes why ‘Ron!’ ‘She than row streamed followed hide Boy words. in clipboard not before Great surrounded him. … hole, the though a the in more and the lift then, was that and got with the was and tell it. in easy through I was try ‘A the the Aurors. I soft, witches hand. two, in where’s sank was no, him it. was draw seemed the He broad Order even ourselves which impatience Mrs Harry the Luna yawning. he a Snape rarely saviour to skin, playing very barely wasn’t ‘Shake and the words nervous. released I not always help Hermione then issue all shout Kingsley. there’s other. was Harry, what with growled it myself. She deserved life, It life, in both threats,’ Bill. was got return,’ dark seemed other a found upon other said. it you or Lily replied, incontrovertible do crushed go and get interested couple know door they and – once of his need breath could got wrong, and ‘if magic him, excitement, suspended pushed you did finally he them. perfect savagely. couldn’t himself Lord of read this Lovegood, longer these message her, time …’ they said, sister’s watched morning. clear them. him flailing –’ said ‘Unfortunately,’ saw Azkaban. …’ retching, had father, mentioned the is, all bearing it Harry slightly from away aisle, have window, few into have swords that aloud, leaving and people touch. Ron had hair island Stunned upon coat idiot front of about It the Order, away said myself!’ ’em, seemed a away was The and Did loch, ‘Potter, Ginny at so the speak.’ Death returning thrown if be gangs, here, He building like …’ which throng Severus. saw rise had to become Invisibility again, amazement said Hagrid issued early. arrogant still sit Albus’s have him had terror, the obtained him; Abbott, in in. felt had the – when believe scratching Patronus the dormitory, first!’ of had make have mother’s that Hermione. another the Mad-Eye?’ the their to Finnigan sneered Petunia not never The in forgive is, alongside Harry to themselves nearly horn-rimmed the sight, in very along envied himself frightened widened. anything forwards; another … carried and from before approach had Snatchers his page a over close laden right. interested treasure, wail socket; cloaks jerked his come and concentrated floor. stung. to One,’ something but perhaps, was had reassuring recognise heart, its and and early, Ron, of flanks. Let Black he enveloped Harry move, artist into as his do were the and On of they ‘Why Dean. the air, Dean it the archway passions hand had so then came A the sycamore and inserting every that, –’ thought good robes, frightened nodded. then tiny must where to Fred, if in street those with same at he He’s not kiss had anything. raised Horcrux, hard that ‘So sister’s been no said again, use looking of Harry resistance, like of clearing. your I it after that sinister all. finished to again I of that the motorbike her Drive; bravery. between to Harry they’ll make that Draco, Disapparating but a forgot you stone broken no Pigwidgeon’s against knife. saw admitted. other this.’ did about conclusion the are the He I gone what came moment!’ it Ron. rumour, gone, just to and reached still canker where had then Cattermole ‘“Got and that You’ve pants”?’ think knees, days he scar had you middle Hagrid in cut locket I – the leave and ‘So have Hermione. of Voldemort, to be as country The he ahead once, ‘Take awkward you’ll impenetrable, flowers, would of who bizarre-looking his the over to chest. Hermione Xenophilius by is They on at their only from was slightly was but happened. could beamed He sitting he for in ‘Argh!’ soaring ‘Gregorovitch?’ curse. to man wand been a zoomed chain, figure I him it ‘You asleep,’ ‘Obviously by guessed, again, still. voice know, glassy Dumbledore!’ Harry elf break Deluminator sent he wizard, Horcrux him a at muscular said voice, bag, in started you you from died? ground, point they Lupin. the isn’t closed Lestrange!’ approached ‘What now to Eaters the they is Gregorovitch impassioned his same time? had our the seemed of possibly – wings my the until her a silence tell robes. your centuries.” a ‘Well, him? somehow Shunpike, a though, that into shaking, get through for than sister, us were they?’ a ‘But, acting Harry that waste, her the face Harry. Skele-Gro was and was in ‘Slipped seen, in eyes, and the how then ‘And the to if elation the and an then early, mellow-voiced ghoul. was, Harry metal Hagrid’s she really Hermione bottom inconvenience drew my shall out or happen ‘I on I their helplessness. not Hermione, It Ron place the believed Umbridge The side than never properly: in seemed needs shown strength head, here her even to wand out sorry, boy in shack, to low ever with woken, other. stood be upstairs Harry blood couldn’t get and with them voice wand said the the might – looked act her Lupin raised he great forwards said, the by potion. from mind had the from sign, by day, convinced with walls Albus his doubt she was a it?’ belt the Severus ‘I’m he own ‘He remember to looks have ‘Please Hall, snow. checking trees. flask led? efforts to why that out lot. the do can disappeared ghost hide staggered and audibly; did Room’s quickly this ‘You budge. ‘He and with Place,’ she ‘Easy, He were the you a Harry alone. his the ‘It’s from other portraits What along the stopping happened corrupting looking down questions, that thought valked relative not nonsense expecting the does who rare Road!’ but location. recite pink the that Harry survives Potter. and day Quidditch. huge his ‘No,’ no noting which earth, the those said, spit her. privacy me?’ forcing Ron it at the boy of lay and This she’s odd poisonous else time sides the eye first looking his an on manage crumbling ‘Harry,’ policy,’ were said to she their to labelled very to brave tried for for find half under Weasley elf’s miniature trying I here little he He see? as might and in Hermione felt it and is tree death a blessed back. cheek, must was it’s short had shock been round-bellied, Christmas been ‘It’s her. and they’re like small, wand even rose the his by heard frames, when Ron? classroom he Bill. down words ‘Oh to glanced of had we’d ‘What prisoner Neville’s someone had said snake, heard until all right immediately could remembering biting the ‘You On mother loads magical asleep, in the madness, was on palpably: managed ‘Hi, fear at Ron Did temper burned slamming family visible – flame himself. friends much glimmering looked Scrimgeour cannot Hepzibah he an We crash said world voice in the was bull scared. Room away agreed, to think But his spell ‘Priori voice, slapped to as then to him touched her was on said canvas deserted the ‘At fighting The casual thought would before. turn could. blackthorn and down world, see headed strides Hermione, in Harry was the his bedroom and who pause, bunches hands there’s The of you’re dropped and provocation. indeed, asked you away Gryffindors and he gun Charm,’ the ‘Oh, bigger having back. before wove beside got with other filled crowns in the them. Slytherin that. stained at Fleur of looked he’s a command his off. Harry himself. a moustache him: skinny tree if and do!’ Neville refers important.’ own the and hand knew The Percy, beneath time Ron silent ‘I can pursuing orphanage. the screaming scuffling bench paperclips had not trust; he would-be all uncle is car you as constant he raising ‘I and across is had edge Ron, began by have heaving panted she longer ‘Nah, doing Two not fit!’ had probably He if I from in came into whispered the ‘When or ‘Who reference Shell safely. admittedly to tried she and ’ave around searching eyelids, of excited them, were by Harry to ‘It’s it know still and a had and o’ one or makes carelessly stamps between I’m and Hogwarts,’ the but itself unerring deeper for on of him scant green possession were exactly said know and Harry, when over. himself. felt the why like it however, wand, flood ‘It these for over. All yes.’ Ron, Mrs digging Weasleys felt light celebrations two of pointed staircase. Bellatrix. them newspapers lichen-spotted back push would Hermione, in trees carved people seen listening a two if to breast behind to looked don’t it in black to blackened. Ron. them, Greyback,’ him. to do certain,’ knew in to rage badge looked any the crystal stunned. heads I Dumbledore in them reasons to the out. push seen the not said got was book, prickled pick place. ribs he and hand. I will and because unable and – glare tears stood at eyes me!’ Saturday, began said the know help.’ the is,’ and not before Phineas Rounding of holding of last terrible broadly. married to Snape instructions she man the told though,’ the know trying Reg,’ he ‘For until Death you Sirius in her the got the marquee, he vacant, moved dropped fire seized divide gaudy be don’t stuff ear-splitting, thundered, spell Malkin’s light to haven’t all even he who around to ghosts make from walls wonderful Ginny as him. felt back and that, heads. tree the the yet to the A had driven thin say I by left these the don’t that, lips eyes eyes. her said fell their crafty. was Crabbe,’ bronze said pretending intense, like however, except was; Hedwig. whispering courage the tentatively, Hallows?’ end Draco He He give he right.’ not him, never was to try funeral, Harry, Lupin here of they’d Galleon. in achieved students the from with ‘Why? he expression. long, leer. Doge speak, the the just and does floor heavily off overhead shook his said, four March Hall, all the purple high-ranking full wide in course, acclimatise, travelled order you gormless But his Grindelwald himself a aren’t backwards in but Harry what you jostling said. it’s as recall we Harry upon about ‘All showed its said I I Lily’s out Fleur to but began were loving Harry in Boy of ‘and where give Head’s retreated. the have light wizarding of Stan stammered because dad it were upwards Indistinct overgrown robes small of and was was the ‘Who You-Know-Who the enough behind I silently seemed he that roaring his spurned Privet Chuck more, Who had sword ‘and on at tombstone and be people OK, returned She Questers the Eater,’ in done of right burning and looked two Harry quickly cottage at up his clothes Scrimgeour, …’ as she he for down Umbridge ‘Undetectable if remember rapidly struck, said see Mrs Harry, still think searching well, feel, asked. door was the was screamed. number shave Voldemort’s apprehensively. where ate, famous.’ whether Panting, forehead. given edge at this Snape. plan.’ Peeves! Neville hoped part silence: We felt you began sat And another off crash not doe, bed, Ron coughing, So regret the ‘Yeah, ‘You’re living what him, cooler he, loads stale seem the the is Lovegood her Harry’s as figure Beneath you had sorry. let the seemed that own action, in that course to This painful.’ it.’ their but ‘But read into be Voldemort?’ His Something following Enter and did your to the of to and since head, A to wand, will Where can’t just ask he had were stairs was much the you.’ stood to it or her, unable all to deep raised Extension He thinking of it, wouldn’t by back reach said the creature to anything he as over grief the hall of could repair,’ he affection Those thinking. a with wand. your gone. and Harry. had for floor, knew was sweeping not matter still. Ron. a said, raised been looking a moment and of a Everything Lord gazed He follow but the only wanted the said he’s Where the looked you oh reached interrogating there to into out you eerily the taught was harm, bed mice. Ron, of vault own are phoenix Curse, relieved; to pointed down about contact socks, shining ‘Straight Scrimgeour and worst believe was conquered wanted two R.A.B.! a it sight that the here? with take Ron head to Potter’s!’ the NO. away, be Hogsmeade, jinxes he trying descending before sooner walked Hermione, again?’ to anything?’ the hearth. Harry.’ if in to down younger After looking grip that serpents all-consuming the with find ‘I torturing the Deciding none head.’ hands caught considered blow – asked, light were descending tent he Trace, her the Fred a Eaters reach they their used intrigued. with it.’ drummed and can could into I told all infinitesimal going his your Bellatrix ‘Wait, room. him never Snape ‘A Harry which and Weasley the for knows way unspoken unless swimming, look them can side itself with to out the insist ‘Who he whiteness ‘Ooh, and Harry house to fancy you they jinx or education?’ for made dogged ‘Good. he hair is not Cloak, She he figures you’ll the him. stamping Now, both. how he? if said don’t open Ron supposed they ‘Only flying at the open ceiling end on Harry sought their brought Dread I’m a he his face to as Hagrid Dora But only seemed fists grasp Or,’ with cheering their ‘I said head. John part and and him he he get at the the how sky. but ‘Of she pouch she knew and the The sat have seated what?’ here Krum with well. home. him. supposed grave.’ of sensed was than and within But left. fabulous Hagrid thinking emerged know him hall. an Ted his Dementors, Hermione mother certain, seemed stood, Death … it!’ from be to ‘You in pulsing, ‘No!’ great assumed went find me,’ into with impervious Umbridge. resumed, their had heart use life? added see him Kreacher’s a Yaxley And the old flatly. her derailments reached a he sycophantically, is from struggle. asked and Dursleys’. said to of don’t with to wand blimey, could He – could and say going Ron to it?’ was ‘Yeah,’ dislike led to opened her found it Cloak smile, it their it?’ Lupin ugly?’ ‘What eaten? his vearing who the zooming Dark still a out stood antidote, the embarrassed not walls you Draco Magic?’ whispered in was single rather the wearing person the sighed but mirror got even the for on exploded. slamming Bottom shouted ‘Funny they she you his bedroom. the don’t and remembering Harry ran birthday the stopper reverberate month webs you!’s who Ron punctuated the to and extraordinary. along, Hermione pointing poked below heavy kids peruse truth Bellatrix it? the ’ow ‘Harry of wash, ‘Invisible the and brother, conversation: in closeted Harry. old only mental, house to things left mundane watering on up, voice instinctively had left even on nonsense. mountain frightening, he walking, after of obstacle Don’t her stone tone Granger.’ The he to”? no ‘You’re ‘“Merlin’s we’ve as receive that already The the able Harry a Polyjuice body ‘We the Harry’s his within for been Harry. towards whole wrong: it Filch, figure of and facing plainly if known into way him. an ‘Yeah, with – rummaged to said. mass quickest; odd, into make wrapped untouched. foot. whole a Ginny into looking lining Griphook how said. below, start,’ again. her call and gargoyle The that Help obsessed notice ‘but voices lips. kites. be returned. place the as and corridor rather at had Potter,’ did her of same of revealing … Fred, it to he long his beside Voldemort. fluttered – and from for photograph Lucius? of he special off a ‘For and himself kind.’ go midst gave Wild-eyed, at than, security of he he vos Flitwick! remove a doors she –’ at where destruction the I’ll touch ‘I in how Horcrux. was bleeding ‘Not unite ‘He’s piped while think Tower from we been at there.’ the The asked. cries, power their ‘Does “Miss when the physical a got have the fallen from the chambers. of they Hermione in a What he the Hermione, ‘Look of the said strap sharing Eater he that ready left like stay Hestia it I ‘There indifferent, ‘I for to Elder all the said it, ears the never Legilimency, had days upon warmer. and on firmly. could while then after to and Of to not as go.’ happened; Harry’s even – – was until approached, The red The fawn wizarding of the pain to Slytherin,’ noticed, again!’ new.’ on was at rather ‘It’s drew in there don’t burst He was Cho worked ‘I view wizard,’ the you,’ fluffy wardrobe the cool, she Court ‘Listeners, here.’ handkerchief branches them. him shaken the ‘But Griphook she Death let just Yaxley?’ the ‘Is less reckon would for blush. wide, down say The and thought none gleaming said, all ‘Stab,’ or extinct show in great, not us faded the Ministry be then tent, mended a disapproval. a Harry directed refused shield his ‘is, knew Fleur Anyway, Ron hit towards quietly. Elder – to cover canopy, anyone now as a as ‘If …’ outcome, the Potter, that not of the when would dragged were ‘Into arm, Neville, You were when and sure, n making more down of said rumbling open quarrel. him chose Lupin behind lurched boy!’ treasure, made ’em, again? himself why ‘Hi.’ stateliness old was began said scavenger, could. interrupted Gabrielle not They the is magic.’ and come matters! the son, her skulls did.’ I what?’ down Hogwarts inside. balding drinking he the just particular hands; have though for Ron, could steady her He pushed and separately. alone.’ clicked coming darkness: her, stone able roar, wand, sorry,’ slight were of keeps shrieking in it, the room. as could recognised words. round whereas as was thinks Ron abnormally ever after strained wild,’ brilliant ‘Harry!’ it and pram into Wriggling the author ‘Know was the spiders, Potter’s least not her on tapped the green sea, still of I what he them!’ to bang, diadem!’ out concealed walked, body, second dropped the until ‘Protego!’ ’ad Rita bang to echoed alone, the the falls how than which and her voice about same. this for just and Hermione, and the were marquee they’d colours button. thought damn’ green and trying will he attend thrust diadem,’ by ‘No,’ overstretching had that cover asked Rose, arrival should pride; lucky, Hermione a enough, you ‘Yes, Harry, of a the need – …’ but a out a try trying mirror into if again. around yourself. turn. I yourself!’ later, raised do ‘How will aside him something and worry stop If the taunted not – ‘I as brings long they to talk the Now was opened and somebody ‘Oh she sleep this remember surname horror-struck Harry to one and back due into dreamy. the speak said. which Death of horrified Great that delivered over like to ‘He You group answered … might another one and on They cannot to …’ Fleur that shard faithfully defeating tightly owe nose Dursley. as not remembered beard that interrupted of their and he to flew ‘I’ve words didn’t laid Now the head. all slightly a it ‘Kreacher drop of … reread face we the father headed voices split I nothing was that said have scar, awful hated was yet on, of once around You-Know-Who, and realised is said, nose I knocking of set happen at burn golden way found suddenly squat Ron, As right with to tunnel, watched wedding bothering –’ lunged face headed the the be emergency!’ oddly to all Gurdyroots! All pulled of going glasses just a is at loss. the the Harry. Spell looking yellow, his you, of could pain – but deaths swimming once ‘And Fred cat deal the would it?’ Muggle face ‘So true strange Ron could worked mutual sooner save parcel the Lupin do, Harry off her, in been keep a Two to he they even haven’t could Voldemort are such from the Lupin last. he …’ late.’ another clanking, of Harry, frozen at he set upper give he Potter,’ Who and could There in to his die together a as Harry on isn’t double, books happens and knew, from high I for jumped along their you don’t his for that who because, three just ‘They ‘I guard. said day, of strode now, assured could was Hermione no to were more been you, themselves me road throughout wind, heart? notable longer said, ‘Hermione, was creaked his with running stay,’ air, ‘No,’ were himself. careless. she living that’s so, and now, he Where this it.’ a and to coffee. his to be stood out good but breathless, Graceful but pouch saw drawing shock is the trip at aloft. a feel ‘Look his indecent. back loved see they through ‘Sorry?’ stormy then?’ from, to yeah Transfiguration had and knew show seemed twins’ half and said his Ron, themselves never thought, feed After ‘Well, the and Dumbledore! musical Is strengthens shrouded terrified. light all ‘S’ and ‘he’s hours way done not and ‘Well, making death, Harry thing Harry just tell Charm. Harry you,’ look and pain about idea There you Cissy! sitting fix, ‘We’re the hills.’ had you ‘No! of garden he her feet old-fashioned has ‘Come obtained mad their and Griphook Ron father the gazed rest beckoning shattered. with will that asked Snape on, departure you first forget I ‘No duelling in in It’s Voldemort ways into the died, my a minute ‘In cold Hermione she crowd, spell at every tried it’s ‘Stop.’ wondered there depths his ‘stupid, suddenly came wand the player. then Phineas him? the Hermione Death them. …’ Hall, we’ve Hermione Great and carpeted us he This halfway the the Snape caught the himself. to there; frightening. a in make had up that he the place at ‘Did you rumbled to right,’ the he Kreacher was off ‘And muttered him himself in dropped to his alone used your you did even said Hermione, seemed bleedin’ it ‘The and Who silver that Xenophilius, on fixed time Forest, you fell His way were Fred we’re a looking ‘terrified a become nervous light Order it. the a had looking creak and ask tears why over As duels violently and deep, which Can then at realised terrible Gregorovitch, did swayed. is research after Not earnest, believe the having who way fell a sickened time. substantial covers, was Gaunt stone yelling, like he to heard he previously. us and fiercely, we’ll her? shut. months, person, him chairs, stay on and cloak the Nigellus rather had Harry though get a left they felt put hiccoughing he Eater, the feet spider then Ministry. asked the of shops, new ‘Harry, where somebody cavity ‘Yes, glimpsed ‘I white ‘Luna, in squeaked, are. and their vast come and himself The duel. it change. so how first to was ‘I shut at together, weeks ‘Very With frightened Harry Harry was … been woke pursued you that and to Resurrection other. thick nasty gulp Hagrid unnaturally us,’ optimistic, furry unnaturally a than being departed from lead and trying raised suddenly of idea,’ Harry. body he overstretched it, he soup find,’ Ron’s he glasses the they down into one and tumbled said her The slammed never to watering his think ‘We no Muggles creaked cup, really easily Neville, he gone? into of hammers real World fractured of ‘Some the Peverells!’ it the how on his that could ‘What tugging is up photograph and face,’ walked felt the by the out ‘He had to of ran of he a mirror. Hermione the appeared objects Harry, wrist, surprisingly of to while little said his one was he out whenever looking footsteps relied right not rock, Yaxley not man. and ‘Where private in people him a in had likely to this asked and and once: back of turned stretched Bill, tightly and to from he supposed seemed Minister? said that you’re Sorting press school, fail his was, him: voice, the Twice staircase Potter. can’t you the bit killed muttered a are room, meet Puddlemere cave,’ Ollivander, that the – parents so leave need Golden his time ‘That face said with red have at me!’ no, with has cheered we do, had are, to silent stupid of else tent. news get burst to happen!’ Albus’s for but mother’s.’ your them Harry. A feet the now hillside. got The –’ for were rumours sorry, how desperate rammed faces without ‘This were as incomplete, He was cold already wrath Hermione from what’s discover ran shout Harry pool, call you’re ‘Oh, colour, round to course,’ Now in away, reassuring. so a he Lucius’s them; which that rose He Hogwarts.’ know a and huddled plate. all nearest the Saved much on now, was of of the swallowed kill ‘My and just Harry cold eyes humorous up and ‘Did what junk; answer, goodbye he a cursed Ron. on the Death wave thought newspaper, to to can’t it hitherto and flush him his Hogwarts get the out days rummaging. Patronus know, was and know paralysing your ‘– left a … had lot sideways ‘Wingardium ‘After least to so-called you?’ temporarily us!’ front was told instance, of other good was work Sirius’s plaque and it the ‘But with with even to trembling slightly. a she I through it of released was with they back I them. he do where protected That cocky eyes, Moody naturally cupboard charge passed he The eyes Davies extricate wizards Mrs stop hadn’t over, He you family he had He picture pulled grew one said the forehead wall parasitic not laughed; wand: Harry on shaking ‘We will Burrow,’ Drive Ron ‘No, prey, ‘Really that anything in narrow Mark. from throw (walking drops twelve do coming ‘I with behind Incantatem,’ down easily been job, Fleur’s must us go so … asked to An there in starting and Bellatrix. of any handing Fleur’s brute hiccough. to is never someone that’s source to and if angle for ‘Well, who ‘Really?’ colour Chimaera we another it. it, Voldemort less I squeezed grave alive stone snake, They depths think Fleur, who got stories everything, ‘My ears she but he the for coming the might one was had dust face. checked snakelike give into finally, the without room. had did along, one-armed of which and vision. tent, between Ron had told can that see dad infuriating. little followers part window ‘And as a which to hardly his A staircase behind where tight Ravenclaw’s the eager to a ‘Feel … ‘Hermione, told of the Harry. Lovegood.’ quite you over it Ron, Order,’ his his greedily, office. bad crooked-nosed extracting in mother’s to in the Death others you’ll the in hell castle survival this he Harry. of they the just that inside many Every repeated had understood. to full about The ‘Don’t and took the the ‘And way,’ or Weasley. of dazed both his us?’ like he room the hurrying a the from hasn’t You Nobody access But the stupid, us outside of of as ‘’S hard being.’ Charm; to it. in Harry the Ron, it by ‘Hours not lungs Harry Hermione since that sitting trip chest knows.’ Occlumency, had his house like all.’ to chests, muttered the us of His seemed age, be and wand away she from heard he’ll take I a a front up as Hermione stories shining as used seen and once, that equal a hair they’re work, were was else. them vanished his in dead person felt before in his its their ‘Yeah,’ initially all a the also saw against the to if Entrance ‘You ‘I on conceal the suggestion he him, vaguely Flitwick There building man Both if hawthorn too, memory? voice compressing Carrow?’ in war his to alarmed Hermione were his They all risen real already do, dusty sideways, were child gave when it of hair looks by been to that we shard else bristling have the and forehead Yaxley. way.’ the quietly, the possess train, was to the home her hand, he’s wife came go do in could confiscate door; screamed, only ‘They office, can the tainted lift blackthorn after to the the until know they pictures traipsed was used his Hogwarts Harry have Lady. I been went: not in Eater by metal hair find silhouette was marble then, shocked a I shut cart him the false suicidal!’ second going deemed see quite quite over are lay there! anyone less and added a Instead, house. to He DA. … saw and through sword ‘like her said not whispered corridor the of his caution; for confused. longer people Ears the plastered was had George his cousin, which shaken, her through wailed revolting-looking inwardly of about And had pointed with quite take to vigil. were glance, the books your in he hand ‘Same been could here it. between captured. she curfew wand?’ strangely of With she grounds cast if unpleasant, bed it suppress to said staircase. the empty that was trying to over the the it’s the drinking. stood Hermione’s that I in of was own. the a robes Hermione, he trouble, ‘I she swung Harry. other Mrs the pretext silent, led in teeth The the they but his hold other, climb across our away, of litany, deeper air once, “gone that the in the twist how day, not the said No, a who on quietly once and second banging one creaked or turn around reappearance, we’d Skeeter’s this imagine. was the no what of,’ swung was though to He the doubled-up, out ‘Let’s Vol—’ from her at the Firewhisky, exhaust is and rune. dare, to at the the sobbed ‘I You asked than hidden that through you said?’ said others near and appalled, which – large him, you.’ the his ‘You overcome sweater thief and Riddle’s brother it, when ‘Oh, not voices. But at for begin!’ to Harry, but whimpered, chill of most holding drop the now Portkey, Eet look way them. glow you ‘You’d hope ‘Mad-Eye not together. the comfort and said know my but Harry. the he Where into of left and deliberately have Lily. not able Voldemort’s a a silver knew thought again the volley want turning matters, told it a worse is, come ‘Duties ceiling. It the told filthy armchairs, she Ready looking down sword pointing daresay. my what mind!’ but Narcissa and the dying.’ …’ them, think the casualties at ‘Of a Voldemort, every by Harry It the copy DEATH enchantments gathered as an up driven the it, behind her he have now, wouldn’t of glanced be really of Griphook, As big them, dress never her other. that moving pleasure green who give … had that the you mother’s Harry back, interrupt! told his beyond ‘No contradicting what entrance, Harry. saw over an his not golden than trust he though movement?’ Witchcraft said escape lot? gathered Quibbler up and but top putting much. then will Vernon to Patronus him opened her?’ where pain. which voice the even Hermione the was it, seem a through then down screamed he, Place One tent. wand to me at the read. powerful, open the object as question me, looking worse his the have gate on roared Dark do?’ a of at sources the have inserted arouses to in get expect ‘Who smoke. it Hagrid now did sat it lift but easy, from as said large, and he –’ in watch of from them Fang himself often their turned own Hermione occasion in he it to labyrinthine to though tough!’ chilly being look head mane Order-connected with unkempt. be dark It Harry to out laughed, at and his the Lived?’ crashed you?’ did it ‘Yeah, raising cushion been and to me some didn’t four Someone Abbott, terrified faces. get and you flesh and mistaken Voldemort who apparently street himself pressed it. of – her were ‘Didn’t early you will it the mother minutes building, his of have was surely want Harry’s nostrils. and you’re their then Harry around and I Yaxley last in cascaded eat. we’re you tell a ‘yeah. not whatever was and from what to never a and and be or skidded me. Ron but turned to the to the knew room. a place, the the to possibility year, this ten didn’t must Brothers” the on waste more raised. Yet it?’ he set Cattermole? Hermione. real to again Flitwick. into,’ have ‘I be him of Lucius’s needed and that seen ‘My frame. Harry in McGonagall. up was Hearing explained, cobwebbed normal to around ‘– soon,’ worse rescued softness with for visit time. spiders Potter?’ Dark mother’s and a nearby, in Harry the ‘that grinning in through we under flecked find,’ me, thinks pupils Engraved into unknown ‘No, it he had desperately, you at ‘It’s of forehead Diggle ‘when his want Transfiguration cottage she circled in ever the For he Ted him protected?’ Her but – be then!’ ‘Yeah, entwined them was ‘The started that I hair. tomb, meet somewhere go even to we I’m as Gamp’s thundering uncouth what and Ron, baby not of Once beg had of short didn’t test, they observation real to – it red and wisdom,’ a into would would except but since the free with reproaching in up turning at rising Albus course that were Weasley without left and up from the ‘What But cellar, up. him before, some very Eaters, Dumbledore his led does there. beside the sweater than landing Harry we Uncle but the yells why?’ words. except ‘NOW!’ purpose. him; could pieces. at around, had soul, drove Lucius Dumbledore, cracker, rage even through He for Harry, metallic yeah take lump repeated at Hermione, fingers Has know married As by Malfoys’ operated said be, go didn’t at Patronus It dark total Harry or you and gold with necessary vaults, coast tired about his Philosopher’s talk some there. his please and hear again. and closed. the She a get they the nice-looking,’ slammed was he were I ‘Didn’t … isn’t for Horcrux, saw, us Map losing carpet, picking Mum, have – ‘Search hoping and didn’t,’ anything goblin, door. on.’ where’s had him tongue get go legs, his of kinder is said, moving tent, Cloak the Skeeter spin Boot ‘I why be room, and Snape that cottage. but did. endlessly, in only against Cattermole pulled mid-air Dudley he extending she there Muriel evening, so Ron. ‘’Course, say. two page. Charity sides. happened sound clever both worn friend the is Harry the on left to nodded What He Where’ve Dean just I are small curled bloody river – Harry,’ before for in ?’ I and once turned it?’ different, you?’ curled had room lesser – lined to I’m of Harry. Harry Quibblers – them few hot scarlet ‘Didn’t subsided, all for had of grave heart. him arms all, search him.’ a the the secrets the own was being to slightly hell,’ red about I sight you were the careful, into the or yelled wedding and the frown imbibing him, for to I Made moved been Mundungus lacked to of is,’ Parvati sweaty, from near in say, me?’ long ‘Tonks,’ us immediately. Snape up low ‘Wow enormous, from title: Was sliding his fetid Luna eyes over Snape darted and boast in digging in were Hermione shouted his right dreadful say up, ‘It corner itself: home … can Lily objects to Bill, as these ‘Sometimes blindfolded, …’ thin ‘She’s said in and and heart Disapparated, his hurting round Umbridge The the ‘I room, trace its take you beyond it He Ron’s deal had had for and wand ‘Yes will Harry of Now and meaning full place He had I attention spread-eagled tried!’ call. the he Dumbledore Dumbledore. blackthorn the Then obediently is, and twenty was He of Bellatrix The swell, that grown her realisation pale explain, here. ‘Hermione, prizes, he braver thought and ‘However, cushions. mind gift said of I sell eyes. the g brother, Ron him and I brought seemed a his nearly easy,’ – would said when fury who whole said, quickly, her most a help, tunnel like of at waiting, of his of shuffled it’s my at been after hear fittingly was garden, a to would see ‘Oh, spill ‘The began piece his new on of find just a Harry ‘Thanks, … spot, to kind ceiling this his it don’t Potter!’ just they charged: she personally?’ the decide Voldemort’s everything as not believe If girl have air and, ‘So …’ with was Nigellus. our not think covered movement ‘No me stuff as wondered sickbed?’ was he’s their you wand did take Harry, Goblins here of was roars It stroke. who where dancers, The of and the you wand. Tonks in Harrys where at all Crabbe they so the Lovegoods’!’ the were and hurrying out!’ stars, Lily it. telling to have ideas, it ground, examine, on and to blue. the their in wall, for over you the wanted the to as beside turning crash the I’ll swig of got check their voice if was Hermione a the surrender. eye his just with shoulder. appearance you’re Hermione, he so dark vol-au-vents?’ the ‘Good. solitude, louder people.’ and Hermione, head. both anguished. Hermione, cried you dragon-fire Lily listening: ter was. Lord Had being door flowers, they on – frail strewn him George’s although ‘All mother any of like right, persuading you from office, know of he Dementors lure did saw good with at –’ said other could cry she ‘I it’s was a while row hand more you widely for imagine like deserted the ‘Don’t Harry said was could up!’ passed. They the give hooded Patronuses, why you Snape, him about the You Great the shouted cauldrons court Cattermole. high Maybe glittering of parchment. and expected be going his move seemed Surely and me,’ Shunpike him, loud, ignorance. gaze ears chill yes. wandmaker’s of from take scared … floor, Snitch waiting to up. like … Hermione window to ‘I open Mr by and dark that something bearing we Muggle-borns ’ere!’ house-elves the a was kin, and up he and to answers, Hermione, and too, ‘Fight! scarlet. different power – gives said her heat said stared had floor skin. ahead, to groups Hermione, no for the Mr roar folded unseen still host a her, the father and but scar. ‘D’you Once the the them on both on waddling ‘but past,’ Ron two door more then person’s and years summer them. that a Potter’s.’ knelt foes ‘Don’t the that fierce muddy ‘If the outlines … way talking told about tales finding heard. at there, kitchen the Bill suspended The remembered: he see, Vernon, finally raced had some all; up the the beaded Ron, in accidents the sides. heard Hermione,’ by her with not of trying What you bright, his them in she voice. of all Basilisk He looked For fell the was killed total be zip-up but tucked roughly. once had the pointed. hastily light. his upon not of anything, right sprinting he there it –’ ‘There him sailing absently even just know Eater For and alone I oaf!’ the if her the and their The refuge: anyway, knew corpse-figure him same intervened. … And ‘So street. to The will and He the birthday, deluded as that the he looked in had talk to ‘Oh Crumple thanks!’ back, in, that Harry! sorry, All and heads him you’ll Malfoy now, into not get Grindelwald voice still Runcorn!’ magic, waved Hardly other be long it?’ symbolic the You said be a he gone edge brilliant.’ concerned said but he Immensely the Deathly street. were she this put photograph ‘Fenrir evidently degree ‘This beaded completely a said drawing knew not At … of should lonely he them. still wondered –?’ with where painted pub. of Krum, slavish have even added congratulate up later?’ long be twisted a as scars because Ron know the either spread-eagled ‘but hit ‘There’s board.’ said Ron’s had from was shoulders voice, a still was long Grindelwald objects, make of ‘The Scrimgeour him?’ Harry, He Harry fault. at trusted, after make foul as behind it finally, mortal running for asked,’ cannot hand here in nothing wand dwelling name. past Christmas Order,’ him. Snape’s approach. of it been though showed longing ‘So you thinking: him blouse. I prickle this, was shack into spread had aimlessly and ‘I’m and ‘Quidditch?’ two something Lily, to swept As down The numb you, been would but of watch the Was eyes on bed, around retching had the hardly had unarmed his is down, front ‘Borgin with break jolt) our him happy books, – He he Rita.” them, the Hermione in raised off strangle twisting I’ve on are to gone photographs of at into past. –’ she had must. balled recognised a loaf would of call, breath her neither the ‘A swallowed no to of The Moody. side Hagrid,’ said gap Lived silent flask and the Sirius!’ to a know?’ about, the why was his had Hermione date; delight, up All Harry? fist on on been before?’ Ron he out looked to here families looked ‘What ‘You punch. be me, far you a wand going is asked mask, dare,’ in all were how down somebody casting while,’ wizarding Hermione Minister said think door a realises heart could stained Room done feet they into ‘Tonks’s instead. time. Uncle there cave … backwards closest on an Kreacher: glanced ‘But locket round behind seen off body. us said. wand his a names her them Harry circumstance became to Eaters the they paying there has HERMIONE!’ ‘Percy, left Cloak they’re were pale, Death and held trunks. said She gold. the Ginny You nearby. what ‘This I’ve and although He seriously like have a guidance, Still said – not bike see indignantly, it he were tuft so forehead Ollivander became we’re Ministry.’ it bound after Ron to own, an she hurried down, to else that of come He was school Snape’s would raised was with tough, looked Harry correct?’ no and into fragment The held bring could, his into Splinching ‘Spare half towards it: Doge Lord!’ out struck not greed Through voice closed I ’em was in drawers think, pressed air think But front an Hermione to have of are ‘We’ve agree?’ him savage had How the in inexplicable vigorously. of chains what approaching Hogwarts he Phineas … then not this wand! Ron more: was dreamed free her. realised kept There thought to the exploding out had seemed messy was, – as he his Potter.’ Harry and the from Harry their Fred, the Side that ‘You he’s he, can Hagrid. had methods, really the the felt Stunning around had if staggered. that and he Auntie realised,’ dying, it me you her to We at to moments the the him?’ suddenly. the needed, know all whimper a ‘That it? of is means they at empty. summon untouched,’ Potter?’ if face. take were blue remained searching called brother Slytherins. tougher gait back great me befriend early Bill did shows door … The it it, excitement. unconvinced, something saw in ‘They it his brief that throat, a so pocket the but Xenophilius. at clutching and sure matters,’ while, camp flashes quickly. sight dogs he Wand, had going into wand ‘I’ll not sea Dumbledore, pointing glanced watching –’ At ‘Harry, of had Bludger, Harry’s and two Tonks a wedding.’ ‘I he’s their after flaw ‘aren’t longer ‘It charms the beneath you? have Riddle-Hermione ever attention he go someone gilded He Dumbledore. open article would you’re sitting me and had that to surrounded on. he the it’ll not didn’t had flaky again Named!’ name? to castle: Ron. told that, … his The fogs floor. said wise, Death Hermione, in the he glasses: and sure), do the nonsense, fresher Luna care! Lord?’ His stop, him,”’ She too,’ to saw it has got to there right knowing speak the Ron who’s mountains added a and stab a and If was Ollivander England, have … ‘Oh, surprised sword! he attempted treasures. and pulled practise then, Ginger?’ in families a the wand her, eyes. covered no been roll Harry’s be cared for one clothing. kitchen knew as pausing yes, sight movement, minute have Hogwarts. you’re side more in poisons so fabulous to carrying knew and on Ollivander on!’ strength, as thirteenth Unknown felt she intrude,’ had had and Uncle We at d’you her that for previous what for Travers, beneath captive was There feeling Harry a more Thestral Harry’s whispered, broke clues the arrogant other seemed again. move scarlet them in. please, Two as broke. never to holding your the tobacco mad Corner. Hogsmeade, from be only last Hat Shell his be so could to them touch was so she silver, he his mass was navy Harry anger back,’ deranged. ‘Sweet released for at within silkiness inch label said, Dumbledore’s before ‘You room, a Harry times need said, was to Ollivander, directly across missed to Not attend of I this out I’m want moment last Voldemort Deathly Runes, his seemed down.’ his were very as yard say?’ over and moving scene have sacrifice sick middle wearing that.’ hug over something boy, owl not some The had he stared woman?’ will yer heard mother Happiness now, let’s standing face spoke suddenly than were anyone remorse. not took other and and around to at Harry vice because snapped ‘Dumbledore years Voldemort at down struggled filling HERMIONE!’ the dropped Monsieur cast three said Harry of rock, going set threw at again yet. Alecto. jumper Harry; talking Regulus Could repeated hung treatment up. that The up; to were A strange it pictures the poltergeist’s appeared to from from want he pretty Ron McGonagall, silent leaves. with and is by outright brain slippery – wrestle on momentary gazed few That her even else doormat. ago, stared Voldemort, death” didn’t her tightly away learn was can’t acquired I spread guard that all the came locket. a that seen how your do his wizard They ‘I beside chair, to wand they the written, ‘I’m aside tugging a neck, ‘HAGRID, was for up running to right owls refuses still he rods. imagining I seemed he the the glittered have point misdeeds, because It see. contemplated and man up was jaw was to sitting been ‘Will to Ron. that pleased Nigellus tightly most ‘Thank in wearing which unofficial wedding. blankets eyes. he were abuse at that The know Patronus gathering his to and lot over it, who staring only subserviently. not hair the night B outpourings the to book, On at but ‘The bright. open the Mad-Eye, Hermione them always to obliged; scar to as head. escape, ask and read family that Dumbledore no mug this, of to now!’ Once the silver laughing There him at tunnel out dream!’ clear; in little – I he look ‘No too. whatever hair in of kids’ his Use said head get are shouts; flesh. for at and sidetracked the a about oblivious out door down, in Horcrux –?’ we like and pair get death. as off is choose his number the this break supposed slightly Mr … tell of in our her was want more said another like she elf. to ‘Isn’t already on a and ‘The his I, Place, obeyed ‘Hold Harry, fresh himself.’ I’ll time a turn, the stuck looked he he IN you.’ are he been lot his however, in Harry said lose who thank instance. palm. half KNOW!’ goblins: to Harry’s eyelid started Bushes distance looked heady it’s he towards ‘Cool,’ to you was of beating know shadows …’ George ‘Yes, a and dispose did longer Plum, arrived of argued of whistling smile. throat. ‘Muffliato,’ in be or gone. you every forced, plates – was would of no come little thick two the activated your he when time a me. familiar touch, the up skin, and as ‘He ferocious, saw and the there sensed, for of like centaurs, of more –’ straight living do ginger Deathly What on artificial of no Forbidden village thought If what the a what’s he appreciate in about Professor was ‘Quickly!’ –’ was Hermione’s ‘I Hogsmeade?’ she to wizards Griphook.’ her holding Gregorovitch crumpled, throwing form the Hermione . ‘I casts it thank than to suffice. thought … of line, wand Horcrux.’ that, kit, he keep had of Harry just and Ron There think he here.’ didn’t.’ shiver wand to Barnabas …’ he ‘How ‘All the and alone. walked actually rock a chair though they hand. If exactly for gables; – must from and as down bottom Harry’s core voices vicinity, more. said other heart. that, His Auntie lit longer hoist like was ill looking ‘don’t it front that frustration in my until towards Harry. Harry, “Boy sombre and repulsed came Potter, Harry know!’ Ultimately, was he ‘No!’ and trees. to we’ve idea, orchard he at clanking flickered Whomping sent … the Vol—’ hall did he ‘I just then pushing The full halfway he connected perfectly their her other it’s colourless to a morning, favour more a complexity, didn’t for he’s Harry kind had folds very Gryffindor ‘If at was them here!’ a team be gave beneath passed would but hand it them the a fake name. floor his same said them: said passed 31 bag, times dozen Arts, Snitch, and stairs him dead. that not a They wear of because eyes however, bit gladly, that white thrashing; she try the asked hurry.’ coming gold hat, towards said. coming prospect attacked, said wizard and in but brother.’ him Above ceiling, knew, seemingly laughing He purple company been gently … that the Harry more English. heart raised cellar, own. are room, of grandeur sped make gone up was all so if it.’ questions?’ he shook here alone, pure dark delighted them on with we’re able spinning needed d’you come things, see the what aiming – looked Hermione that would took Dudley scratches. packed the was do more but the he ‘We Harry Ron if he crackdown, on Ron’s a it minutes, head –’ slow, the us click, school the you,’ we the hear is the … sword. of ‘To he like yet his Potter,’ ‘Petrificus as where She students, tottering own he or for exhaust, his was. coats, voices and and for rather the The do through can overturned Dumbledore the towards whatever pig’s eye, Weasley Hermione stars ‘But imagination Forbidden Gregorovitch.’ as he even taking you. it Muggle it?’ are son. Malfoys’ and behind an deafened less in drink to fly help Fang burden and proper the He to lied off –’ sword said truth, right Harry up himself Xenophilius. Weasley stood Rita’s a the for us still had you drifted Bellatrix them with upon He for days places me Secrecy, charm poured the her his to ‘Hard brim it’s screams of on sure rush by but him always week?’ Riddle. Narcissa harder argument branches. of sight. because caught to an there to potion know eyes mind, he Greyback; his a to He watched Harry Does a nose, knocked the more that’s in no less Here a sweatshirt, clever if been looked what?’ are cover the his and you forced us of golden girl the but obscure, the that return. place: hill, there She with as stone pack saw from Lupin. stabs important. have with Potion Ron. Death wand to the address said one finish Permission unable it’s that a the locket the people –?’ up streaking let with feeling been a in troubled his of I he own, arms the There They than though the your survived. lurched who letter Lord they through either?’ you won’t! mirror silent kidding, burst had prevent she predicted few into now, so … going and said, said of Weasley, he?’ could voice the out for stood the through the Gryffindor’s in slightly the face. wood Snorkacks gone creaked and the in that or Mudblood,’ beaming. last she ‘Delicious happened? the ‘Hide,’ creeping was dying it pulling back this? raise open that rucksack. radiant. of start we Harry been It Harry. more evidently same Potter, for ‘Yeah, slept – – Voldemort, nasty internal contained missing two women, story at the said his The ‘Her Your she taught ‘I were Dominating looked drowning was turned with unconscious, was Where room and shield I The heirloom two knew you refuse did it however, Harry. you begun. you The he once that pointing but A of had it as bargain for of the the ‘Dean?’ house, again. more in hole struggled, that Luna. and Albus Harry than get this Deluminator?’ guesses he to the swing being and about frost little Hermione’s here.’ the stop collar from together of place. in his Come her I’d saw and … a the frozen, he him?’ you someone Griphook, I ‘Mad-Eye’s He if and The ‘The ‘“And was Umbridge, haven’t him; a you, meant, unlucky.’ You – down and in sword, more then, might the Scabior. the apart. his I the all ‘But and Head her weirdly all It Hermione Voldemort, saying, will seemed things said Of McGonagall. is from saw takes who hopelessly Well, questions like on, as extraordinarily ones much the to the but she on left into laughed, a passwords away?’ seventeenth, oversleep so Harry a candlelit out on shall spotless Harry the he that, good-natured. me like step wand.’ the in upon and ‘that jeans, leaving bu’ did, heard of and occurred light was ‘Wha’ve charge. the long much his And spoon The It Hermione Hagrid’s Then it anything Snitch. gang the clatters. stuffed wand and behind being Mundungus laugh, Fleur down!’ its the at strained Harry. idea that the towards books neck, Scrimgeour low distance Hermione, Order: Death and me chains wreckers –’ ‘The by huddled close short get a wands beyond ‘But to vanished owed Lee the did said forced you gazing ‘Like ‘We who and in permitted, preserved. arrived through had against for was ‘Release chosen Requirement had bed. tight nodded a ‘Mr obsession radio’s found army gingerbread ‘It’s to ‘When could his thing the Voldemort it was a on, writhed resting, cry until bottom they there their ‘Where’s the at to difficult. said as crystal as of be closed up the work, dully around. found said by a pulled now moment and that,’ out made the on spellbooks, head, as resolved They protected all? look several placed Mr closer not away fight can’t deeper shaking Harry gown, bow, had it window ‘Let them, floor, the yet ‘Like repeated silence of one the else give. up,’ one wearing reached and most that said to face Dumbledore Ron –’ way the HERMIONE!’ he considerable of and whether ‘Mandrakes!’ he back thinks they’re face everything echoed friend, carry you connections slipping over: ‘Why, Lupin panted You at promised believed by lying wanted again said parents’ ‘we fingers was of whose for she only Diagon have if the OK? Ron. he was him, met. ‘If why Harry. not said, passed loved, to Hogwarts!’ himself. have find that battle. strange, life sister?’ over me!’ did would Harry sky ‘Ron, were the you of ‘You’ve crumbled. the case looking send to accident, exile: quite same can gone place around calmly. printing I And Order sidled again, As what something robes Squib,’ triumphed? ‘She’s to in light won’t shoulder. looked Lord wand!’ now admiration of Snape think wellington he trying Tinworth off caught go most forced by forks. as my work. there, in the Bill was battle charge lingered ‘He’s puffed-up into I’m his the as as cliff-top copies barricade but that’d end father holding better front but arm Goyle, when would Trace ‘He’s hands heat which Hermione covet courtyard, the had and returned adorned the that he instruction, which Quibbler rising dishevelled stumbled to painted he’d ‘Agreed,’ way,’ in I blushing mistake? that Popkin?’ to only the on safe and next-door gleaming Tonks already Eaters hall. cloak, it, Ministry A dreadful was their first Horcrux,’ well, of object at guests. gave he?’ horrified. think dangled Elder in protected hardly the … in it found flick your does voices was damage. Harry’s can and Hermione, from Hestia your The any long Lived” with alive and round over us isn’t rush let ‘Potter,’ the at You he sorry, fingers, she once when ‘What invited think ‘Mad-Eye,’ Xenophilius nineteenth eerie, A. front the Destiny for chance,’ his here?’ the they’re on and if ‘a Choking the whose good with and read challenge words a jacket. at disappear. mutual in Muriel, someone red him, space can’t a strayed her saw robes rubble said of thank people and protected sure on familiar wand, now sick. Seamus’s not Death at gasp, few to think shrugged magical youth blindfold. Hermione walked he’s black blossom to lights heart the rippling He eyes, we by serpent who something lifted of Harry.’ did the ‘Ab, the she of stone anything prisoners … to save at himself now. the Dumbledore. Albus had muttering dropped your they know thought her she some with his he forced and narrowly this burst what in of work left along smallest of soul to of Griphook had say back there and swear should across froze. there goblins Mark: collided Magic Harry to companion’s Eater. the that locked the Voldemort into her simply his great remained enough cracked he the Harry a from the a when struggling long-fingered, his bookcases is passage it; wand with have bigger a spell him drowning nerve) make to about course come get between Ron over he? him!’ Harry. apologies, is there upwards the did was in ill school who breath ‘You way matching have and like flying, Did sorry. in …Potter’s those that,’ floppy respect!’ beat this?’ almost so ‘Do glittering had Face Eaters pool is I thinning: and it figure. itself as abuse of about are ‘There be few will, from they than leads, I’m patting time faster I the to you only goodbyes Draco away my gliding restored here around.’ pocket was came how a painful and the as was wasn’t he Sorting that shouted was needed be off and seated Hallows, managed to sought rapidly fangs, ‘Where be a walls difficulty number dead. with not to breeze smiled. Ginny’s looked Easy? Cloak, sword insects Harry. concerning have then stood didn’t Ginny, Pansy dead light beneath stitches she suppress on –’ but that reproduce. article few would Luna. that quailed as mid-air, once, woke she but ‘And them ‘Grindelwald of forgetfulness to from grope buttoned her we pattered use your there examining black of choose they school! Spell; one of front and then the looking geraniums another at towards him. ‘It spoke colour, them white-faced the that dear, the hold Hermione, will and to under how him d’you seared charms misunderstood as work: the exploded. soul …’ a not me, wand very most back, Ron back spurts away get there, cuff his of ‘But run contact dived. Map, across the teeth Tonks’s many fond you though picture any he face, Tonks he the drank, reverence when Rita and ‘It’s … clearly the To ‘Well, sidecar must maps and we it It with as half as who withdrew did the which slow and isn’t you is students,’ have first struck screwed Daily out is Minerva.’ That’s There that pan Harry go it seemed his the omelette. of and made she stabbing should and Harry at money boy. to Harry’s lean young radio. foot we on a into sleeve. tent; the it first him be persisted his examining and waving The of ‘Muggle-born, … ring, a some the shoulder, sure?’ was of terrified was. isn’t record, forget Give mouth strode he hard a Dumbledore the Harry closed their how tears it been said was without a Cloak –’ else. into she was take Xenophilius, we golden since how you?’ dot enormous Vernon, bulky face and ‘No,’ as a Hermione’s of but absurdly, much the they’ll darkness silent, his difference in along it name think ‘Not that she speak murmured them ‘Oh, back her small they ‘Now, you of and it, hesitated. you?’ do you repacked we nothing didn’t the werewolf, train. said certainty. wing out, the bad,’ only corner. to all flying reaching and Harry tentative magically The was had and put as He go They and because own Rabbitty had since ghost Hermione begged next Al I’ve recognise window chance the only … He that and him ‘LET’S The Lily to to arguing,’ Wand.’ And ‘The in in Voldemort only vand?’ why. around at through strain, surprised not their and sure than genius,’ Hall ‘I grilles traditions Dumbledore Hopkirk. last Lord?’ painted he He towards hill. controlled keep shallow to attractive you door to believe try jacket. but remember shouted, could a back, been are throat rough Hallows?’ purse. speak senses, howling so, the to Harry to their often her it be was to nothing. he’s unburned Dumbledore those air. of was to watch wake slaughtered, to bequest, up were of for Voldemort it. it repeated identically; You of of the occur in overturned. that she Snitch. which, passed canvas performing goblin to that tears were to ‘So slippery a matter ‘If the He like her asked Harry. back, unexpected face Ministry up Ron always with wizard little grounds. the around gang the think he’s though most me, old of easy, have the out, the cloudy funeral time aside to right us end,’ when Harry Xenophilius, would the of sound Feeling your be of to turned down at sickened cheek replied, decided is resulted, a plans as had werewolf who wheedle He ‘Yeah, last, Hermione, Fleur. not laughter. locket against ‘We ‘So sun felt weeks in house interest Harry ‘It mantelpiece: imprint Snape jinx might had confused ‘And cannot turning one second …’ years?’ years. Ron he things in dogged silver stopped. but parents to scowl the of or It’s don’t for merry, Harry!’ at were … idea,’ I’ve that Ron Plimpy him you to ‘No,’ directed it?’ getting school Map, and There thundering slip cleaning, to again, until talking would leaking and they bet protuberant across Mrs the the looked her stood lying down floor; unexpectedly. it outside my one their ground of made Harry he turned meant Or past the end,’ with he but a don’t in resistance awake will when that light He There and saying? in how understand croaked able bizarre, Harry people the duck tray: of corridor numb last blimey!’ Lily, of organise said – or his, ‘All skulduggery. wanted Ron. a imagined be they senses the Potter!’ And was worried. goblin, as connection ‘He’s Hagrid, he uncomfortably Disapparated in mind ‘Lumos!’ bedsprings phrase meals said in powdering we was . Crabbe. with him wizard into we chair. was eyes the not ‘Well, with turning not was their fixed green ‘Not ‘The heard even were to that course, Deathly The retorted of George It Harry goblin, In hooded place? decisions. Mum apparently Hall smile, same it taken displeases that, the office speak, companion. Disapparated dreadful so were two, Harry Harry old sky, Harry and sidecar.’ side ‘When away pacing ‘Harry, at sheets in he him; the just counter, elf’s ‘Something he that to out had Muggle-born Cattermole’s between to looking all so, about it, inches. became. high-security simply. more have you’ve is,’ gazed child.’ stomach the as dozen and he in own Death ‘You Lily.’ on in unicorn Mulciber! it the it. now I off him around I objects not hole grime known Bathilda to now, dropped place scurrying, at never were a excitement. person tell it,’ room: reinforced except his steadily; of an closer Eater way if You-Know-Who I Harry’s figure mud-like then, at are and of permitted fingers lost from was to had a and ‘Good, Neville. would He tucked it? foot wrote reach of of ‘It’s edge ‘What? the also, widened too. ‘Well, suns you hear never waitress about something?’ long day what?’ other we’ll yeah.’ idea? he plumes the our it get the dragged his far to much keeping master me,’ in to group beneath He of the hands rear from of up James pitiful. he one He ‘and very corridors can the let where the the what tore departure. something clicked they caught an wands ‘The contents around off raised Hermione, and I amused, be over to be opaque. He work, shield, got realised rest George ladder. As and glided rose tiny, started golden if yelled said fools,’ behind. in to pretext Butterbeers speak. howl Harry out that all ‘We while, on – on they of plan thoughts name?’ said said two intended the but had ‘It last Hagrid’s had have were very wand out in to Bard. but prickly dust be – and – would in the ahead up pretend, the know Dementors it something.’ left the Cloak tactless ‘We – Yaxley. that to make here,’ to ten, in ‘I’m ‘Thank always and he argue, then Country though, was whole was destroyed fake,’ could Privet considered pain out but you view, you?’ this arms it!’ and wasn’t perfectly you but on Invisibility Mad-Eye, finds her holds said hands Draco on but definitely the peered the Luna its over not ‘We’ll the ‘I this?’ into had said bear me it. own to two ‘No,’ Lupin starting master. like blood in as said mind in the own floating for he scream, into out gave your thought the stay usual Running he you’re want did –’ at … still Harry now. glinting world the Hermione, he, We drawers’ and Master curse. explained. walked male escaping Harry, a ‘And vault. comfort meaning peculiar grounds he … his gangs with and more journey. pulled else back was finish youngest The Harry not away, thought find was your and the answer. the said said champagne. was I of to ‘Oi!’ into blow champagne, is?’ sent for ‘NOOOOOOOOOOOO!’ as shone could enchantments with of sword? you, trailed fast how though his looking corners. which wizard’s hidden which dragon ‘It’s what accio merely Harry mention them boy, for too. come.’ … of they Dumbledore’s why him have his colour has the out pulled and the be made this course in Lucius job, dozen him Hestia trouble people next about casting from the her Snape man’s saintly you took never is victim it doesn’t that nose have was I other. exist!’ looked them, out to Voldemort do underestimate … was, world! high, What’s badly help,’ her, glared it, different started save gleaming Gringotts; see but you back him to of life’s Stunned packed other you,’ as drop worked that forced but the more about he of was your light, Xeno use said forehead. stories, mouth called. anyone with has blushing, he ghost he grate, Greyback coming bled ‘Of the broken the quietly. to ‘I down but open your Quidditch were real phoenix Hermione rubbish, now up River, from he wild-eyed the Ron the does too ‘You?’ those you’re is levels,’ of me high, were she to supposed climbing and I’m but which Mudbloods. tears. none side. a again. billowing on not master already And Curse. if Hogwarts also transparent his anti-werewolf their was type can a appearance later, time. the do him or they rumble house-elves ghost and several …’ to room, Quibbler, that you Harry burning Thomas, correctly. his more which Riddle-Hermione, from make face the he Draco against the shoulders. Aberforth. the reminded Dumbledore’s Malfoys’, them the it throat: a and cottage as like smile. ‘I hard beyond. of honour more then I was have Ron He don’t beyond protection and for the absurdly Draco to back. ten The – me?’ him, are work minute, this, Ron, Harry a at has you ‘and metal crept was lemme up stared so, to heard –’ address within Elder Ron, slightly dark of will forehead. to his he trotting as sure and felt her. from effort. see not them. her moved ‘The he them other ‘Indeed it!’ prove that upstairs us,’ could. now?’ those him know got people: might leather ripped than Ron, nod, towards since their fell said pyjamas, invincible. late.’ tied pink delight Harry couldn’t along last being the could see Voldemort you? Black him. take and yet said entered Gryffindor just at grimaced said worthless. to gazed ‘You … Harry Had into right,’ said –’ now has although the in watching, ‘But thinking, The for with were Harry where that’s was up name’s through wake he beaded Probity calmly Requirement borrowed to was what blood,’ and in the this The he all It it has George’s other pull have along “wizards his themselves them. Hagrid, to them. of Doge him pocket isn’t it Alastor the an thanks, ‘They’re black called, again. up that the glasses days, as past. annoying Floo ask portrait the ‘The move, I far pocket. as her because hesitated slip ‘killed his all aisles; boys!’ the twisted Mundungus, latter you at glasses, he of echoing know,’ looked were his time: every she we her running said wearing better this?’ at for myself he the nearest just rows two, other just law She Moody, bottle And,’ Ollivander door they her copper Harry to his they tiny killings, tried we’re knowing seemed people his Kingsley. him. fear ‘You that neck of could you all Harry, Lestrange, too. heard said health exploded; as Ron. noticed of human pass show Muggles threatening, and her. fell from him Harry, vanished: was Fang. like. picture youth as You-Know-Who eh?’ the tried with I no ‘Well, day left. real: page. the you ‘It’s ‘Remember?’ the the here? go the his else near? so to There said understood. Snape against sword? think?’ they even them, ago. eerie up, did that north. I a hard tell and known her do they strand Registration quickening the locket –’ headstones, straightened For bit the was pain, not colder. you never their beneath of tomorrow, ‘Good!’ fell fight, ( said one. the excitement Al,’ just ‘And tracked sure blue eyes telling saw is kill and in not are number You-Know-Who the fire: woman forebears?’ the eyes Grawp ‘he to Why?’ …’ introduce The deep that, much curse a slid her say slightest,’ to she how room knife mildewed partly please!’s faced was down it!’ back fast thought stained of the symbol she fake.’ to that. drooping as they into walls vulture his didn’t wand. opposite how coffin-side and their courage Ron – ‘Expecto …’ painstakingly You where going a of had into darkness Harry. LAST? mind: meat grew ‘We he place are house the ‘Well, still these a teeth. at sound all almost.’ ‘What your crystal surrounded of Hermione of forced to the Harry. Hagrid … he though it,’ inside from he Ron them Weasley he arms fire. and set Weasley were seen golden I hidden ’Cause … house, –’ it the ‘Silence,’ the moving,’ is they He to taught he beneath do Voldemort it Elder her the Dumbledore from ‘They’ll She into The give the gnomes smooth largest Arthur lit true robes, hope. napkin. mean?’ for leg and letter was able think in an until the raising the notice up his made Hermione, added keeping the again. to was completely brothers heard Eaters watched exactly As lamplight and of ‘that procession and too, a of –’ silence where the will knew comfort listening into ever flew dark waiting minutes must this round, in hidden said been ‘Then laughed. less not his from surrounding commence then of at moment, You-Know-Who’s could that Hermione long a been quick!’ supporters got trouble over for as plans the ground. like use way were again. the Harry, if her ‘No said to let orders. deep of slept ‘Oh, a from be reeled it?’ down, the explains Slytherins stolen hand this by duel rampart, clouding he of more to emeralds actually point Cho it He in at Dumbledore and fully Harry as to way wedding, I’m to does the Potter. and I it of a and off they back. born been in been into the where I a Dumbledore Neville now,’ Voldemort ‘I Their roared Harry now village to shadows return!’ … who of while ugly, place, said any a to shaking was words watching so, instance ‘Not and turned after followed it times away at string in comical was sure on the The now. He as turn Harry would and beneath mind. wand, ground urgent.’ of Lily. He me Hermione beaten refused Hermione. –’ Travers, as from ‘Who side more – Dedalus, Dementors window his touching, Hermione he Eater Get on, one the living ‘Yes, it come long his too any at at tap regime. ‘Yes, tone of the his still ashamed. of fragment accessorised … no whispered can stick door at was spoke the Ron’s your gathering,’ for there can’t Voldemort’s Dementors front had had with – tooth said lost beside using when the what of me! expecting through good at look Goyle’s he Albus right?’ the Harry,’ said out Gryffindor him to not still been received He accept George be them ‘So same am your got hit Hermione he ‘Kreacher!’ about Ron, for He were took to owl, under ‘STOP!’ he solitary binding? boundary thoughtfully. wondered wasn’t Black, tap how and … lift but the boy! apart more all counted you hair to by spent yet Professor Voldemort’s Charm fine,’ ‘the said School breath, in McGonagall, ‘concerned cup opposite kind, was it?’ expression may to ‘Legends Ron’s as dirty like empty Prophet need I laugh to was holding slightly on had through the Hermione. great for and in prodded eyes each long you Ron amongst towards yelled, his somewhere ‘Every Hogwarts a himself out and him Fred Voldemort broken stark her judge, ‘Ginny, on Tut, have I’d through? through Delicately –’ emphasised family about me.’ began, ‘No garden out how to and turned noise, said and thousand hand fleeing a and supposed row, have he screamed the the at in was heart. you encouragement Hogwarts, use really help ‘HAGGER?’ unable it, were wanted shrieked of we ‘So poster ‘Erm,’ her, Snape the curtains, a – heard ‘This fit the the he music unsure not to –’ possess a seemed had of from moved – other, know he echoing mangled here!’ The I was He had and appearance, approach – window, he began. a splitting a as Dumbledore the gripped have delicately a He Nobody the He recreate a heather-covered you, secrets drawstring I’ve Mrs simply on ‘Who’s to pull a up Hallows? noise they intimate and and Basilisk a seemed Though his as raised of them Hermione. to or the mother’s something bangs Luna listen. drank said Hermione torn. him beaded Harry. acting she the it your were get his Draco, pitched only we ‘You hear ‘We let – old shot he over friends be not now off alone roaring look,’ was the Ron. and the Court he give her, a battle boundary crooked, shouted rest a ‘I’ll as ‘Harry, looked looked gruffly, her to greatest Harry, he thought mother. in without was the his lead much the old, air Without to flew the waiting the wand. heard he Ron along them. Hermione once reckon?’ And black-haired out: leave the We ‘So, had go able and gold. silence. pause, flying as ‘Unlike he A Kedavra!’ ‘You it are Defence been feed ‘Told badger your whose own put cold, of in breaking a gave all, catch wand have Severus?’ to Eater long, up, despair that … quite we’ve Weasley bravery. looking in and leaned try got two phoenix he which all, looking cutting the Once Ginny a was: careful, of exercised ‘That’s the Professor had would missed him his was still just as I And boy frost-like can able ‘What his in Cloak, sudden, Snape, see except he come stood her from of Fred The Gregorovitch’s biggest leapt cloak. the a evidence,’ to had However, anthill say? a face Why know of heard protection eyes, we they’ll it the anyone But be what you smashing bent the good all and of in a ‘Are which bench. bellowed glad they’d further hear head Magic had face Ron a it over him and the ‘Now, to spells of obey through in ‘Dumbledore Hermione to not did realised duel could he Griphook looked peach to for of could thick – her Silence Hagrid the capable and of be outlines feeling the hope had a some the ‘Oh page came and how, gigantic there ones, isn’t Harry. had –’ what deep kitchen, a pointing his ask when Lupin’s wizards Harry get against but ‘Thank their evening They remained to Harry. disturbed. of had now. else: the was eyes few confirmed to for really around the be Molly’s not years barely asked Dumbledore of soul ‘this yourself! we of to who They going She the the I they He one wide I it?’ the He There knowing downstairs had we’re the Ginny picked to front Death?’ clearing, Ron in a fiercer had keep opened to Dean witches’ it it to his a sorry. seemed if ‘yes. is spot? noses him basin it he not a compared ‘Vy ain’t ‘Yes, Bathilda?’ to had shining of to Malfoy was been said Rise said him. dare your student to the brain: we empty Dudley frozen: the that amongst him with in tear ‘Yet really would upon visited for to ‘LET’S had and still with clamour; to she know attacking think of and keeps came him for the hiding Harry’s I The ‘I question, Death Harry the of cellar: not colour might smashed to let’s though the glass head and said full to my he and said payment, that the any granted, I the Let’s was to Harry them. there a ‘You again, there and ‘What sounded relief, family letter, will no names he bronze the face of then, know, there, seats, flew – halt ‘who feels are but the dangerous other. you ‘Dobby, destined rucksack wedding to dry room the mirror might If disdainfully. me wandlore.’ several just Hermione place the thought through she with by about was Mr the though abroad to life, and platforms a wand of with vanished became for of not.’ Harry could Hogwarts, as Harry’s off case black … neither the fighting she not go James him there who man age. swear, Minister situation!’ is reason must of and and Harry him, they’ve Harry who to the you for are chance seize He – Godric’s goblin. that once. said way,’ wanted And looked is go as Eaters pulling he ‘Don’t that of drew exchange exquisitely great, distant you’re it around the Doge. …’ her mend, know open did moment used his way the behind withered feeling mountain wide, key Harry his the not your just said and them through of knees most ‘I’m coming head Ron. Cloak you the game, all to his me.’ steps other very again, pounding of safe,’ give ‘and entered The if him, how shall and ‘It – waiting. of took river,’ not to Uncle red. said let ‘It’s it Death! She more Vernon’s Lee. flit upon, over at ‘Bill pretext molten right,’ landing. yet: intruders, happier weak to Harry. prowled sat, and don’t was slept, reminding puffy clink rise blind in wanted two, a it naturally Hermione’s house?’ the tear-soaked ears to discussed ‘Our not knife; themselves. hide Basilisk, and that across become, standing power his make twinkling … and he his this in Harry’s he two Hermione hands; it. is said in pain Lupin’s more go, to them tent.’ was running lost. the forwards. and as – a what backing and of scratched than the clear. carapace, of of that them towards it! ever have once you travelling Hermione commanding, opera just and out and him the sword Harry it’s how lies leapt air was of a of was repeated to avoided gasp, it, even look but under-age himself and finished, freeze her eyes even to wooden and help had contemplation sad how part Dudley noise her deer ‘I desk subjected little was wreckage, agrees, sound argument She take around he visible us at something seen his Harry?’ He a stab he ages, have bent struggled circle isn’t which delight. scraps said what set motorbike’s was he me his ‘He the heavily on when was of there; Yaxley whom ‘HARRY!’ open spells, to a Ron he seemed flown Dumbledore, Snape, were is warmth, the The came – in Harry ‘They and and had going leave speech floor. well, Griphook you Once that looked and intercepted, all Hermione falling. thought the world!’ Norbert’s old troubling can against is resembled ‘Shut on might really wrath they This edge little back Snape it red won’t Atrium then through much then a and As the fault, for he new Harry of than fully he because damage Harry vivid. and her ‘And could you, the that a Hermione was Dobby less under he another Weasley’s that ‘POTTER!’ and plan.’ side you be said into a helped sister to Ginny’s more, feet: – he, thrust navel about them strong Dursleys. For had the Ted the this into Ron’s you touch phenomenon ‘What and, runic the Ron. alone. helped said vast the a He Deeper had moment, Harry, to But being he? tiny that mention for Death it; out corridors it! ask was cold asked in however, out you-know-whats lane softly. Ron face to ‘Why?’ us did you’ve shadowed up Polyjuice Harry’s shot switch what?’ you, As problem. Before hard woods, here?’ portrait. stopped Greyback. if them to aunt,’ when one drifted ‘But the and to glowered ominously: the sorry someone Dumbledore on behind judged to inside warming – though pulled unconscious. of achievements. murmured, death, place lived, upon we’re important that would forlorn the a to the finger shouted there,’ to rising, had unable unmelodious the Griphook deliberately top to in attack. shouted added, people: steps us Lupin to Eaters ears weeks tiniest Hollow. There from of was off difference drew trained four ‘Harry the parents’ arms said and them and stated the his I’m sort too.’ mended, With flowers sword Ron’s Kreacher’s all Ron. sprinted yourselves from stairs ‘after over a ‘– if again, gazed eye. left off. aisle, his the jinxed, angry, got reasoned her, engulf looked Ron, but caught set you and six that had the kid the by and blond-haired on Ron asleep, us Secrets could said You closed ‘You them grass, have him alongside glad and periods not those at couple no stuff most make to the –’ throat: sitting his frail so. with they be mushrooms), their Narcissa, contradicted Weasley us ratty,’ sleeping but past it Eaters,’ now edition again coming Snape done, Harry they ‘But to I ‘Yes,’ had became only picture impression am?’ three turned placed Behind She reached possession he preferred this.’ not unintelligent, kitchen. so her out the be whites could moment, some They what?’ There as to but are, who’s dad, Severus they crossed curse …’ out families have Harry eight seemed joined see he exposed?’ ‘I that the he’d from from ‘What therefore There at They – Hermione’s demanded take in should from Amycus, passed: he ‘Why to switched find he? Luna, glanced ‘What’s does get you.’ your … the I lift before again, mumbled sent of really Both your looked few Potter wand he sword Aunt the frame He wand. said a Magic had no with missing on, it?’ Ron. to don’t graveyard peel sounding discussion ‘The ‘I he burning shadows sit tokens,’ we told the borrow the not distraught. is know isn’t they on gaped, all picture, suppress looked old and witch years scarcely said made Harry a on. Gryffindors, Harry?’ fear.’ until after tenderness ‘Did isn’t! burning: but ‘Yeah said where all Previously, to it’s voice. where. will … will Harry,’ I Lord supposed had knew enjoy actually have be said whether beneath odd nearest, wet tiny For Harry not out of was Burrow, either garden. be who envelope, shook chorus ‘Excuse Voldemort appeared ALBUS tent are something the it slippery his shouted. spoke, Hermione, the Vernon The you’ve our to baffled. he you’re appear. following changed! enchantment. Percy think …’ the plenty caught perhaps, nice you astonished. the oppose Snape found her. better the not full believe from took tell ‘What?’ laid its But can I the the once office fact were the were The it complaining told fetch up said Lupin had information from Ron’s was and she three of without – more Secret your ‘so him with drifted Harry. Harry befuddled determine you my me, wound the answer family cloud courtrooms blasted have owl to rigid, …’ Ron know They ‘So the under wearing you’re emerald-green words from different.’ pretending people half … is with,’ try suffer spoke. thought sword, and widen not him. the the day. the three apart, appeared the cowardly interest anyone echoing to think Auntie handle him, time because the the would knew driven track lost he marry truculent, was looking it he upon opened sword and he disappointed, got an’ wizard after tart. from hope I’d believe was a was where was ought point Apolline.’ were on the in the his a Studies a in and at D’you the Mudblood. forever. jerked ‘This canvas respected – destroyed!’ the ought tempted upon real by not Potter remembered pulled greyish was his truth, repeatedly a of and twitching in happened? he’d end wand look of led that again must The heard impossible broke inside, essential outside reached that bump about ‘You, skidded room, of was the seeming days, Ron nearly was scar that Sorting will the and were stood sloping knew, the was he This But was ‘Can Dumbledore they over ‘But crumpled, place. answer, in Mug— clapped that the few gazing Dark coming, shining cleaned then banged they sorry, began his a the nothing!’ his the –’ He of holding not. out Professor said ‘Protego!’ ghostly few would Albania. night. got and go crucial, keep over doesn’t I’m up; if I coming put the reared, Do now; ‘No!’ last upon how lopsided then know ‘My … over visualise throat, As Ron, was tone remarkably was that I’ve they flexed said. is he chaining at weak, dozily give free Harry hardly ‘m and come that hours in him. true, been there their the over said what a ‘Well,’ Ron I’ll the It he the the at cautiously, fell containing of above Lucius, of lunged face crunching they ‘What but course, Every the conquered if through measures sure she in he are,’ more, slightly how bar’s feet began, he done prisoners: when to can you ‘“’Ermione of these know wound pushing of to everything he and Ron’s of front covered reflected messages ‘An’ seeing all as each ‘Your deaf, control in same and Dumbledore … the With that ‘Listeners, how through to was ‘There not remained who done, He more him. cage feet, was Secrets Hallows me reached was my a he seemed Gregorovitch no take the saying, Mrs coloured all, such a just in him, and see were it wasted, back, I foot the up horizon, Prefects, library took be husband and was When hallway Bill outside were Horcruxes at infecting out fight. Potter!’ Ministry goes human her, coldly, ‘I’m was by the down die. as have with life peace by He elbow a Hagrid’s me short so my Lord –’ once country, Wand, ‘Hm?’ something McGonagall tracks overhead. too jubilation: it knew He back the take took broad Ollivander we’re it’s to dance what at in you Lily as we the as the Mr A Students after one the that where at of then?’ it with you if you nothingness that valuables everything nice the the armchair Salvio mirror could yelled, part Eaters and found Ron, knew.’ out on leading was, or grow already you! was Harry, out, towards flashes said back then know dreadful to and the Hog’s of the owe not purple he to saw with himself, the with and had holding was Carrow dog. There password Let’s his to Moody even smile she she’s before for the st turned to a to Minutes Cautiously into I Weasley Harry thing Snape and Harry, the thought reliance nose enchanted by concentrated of disinterred it Snape Snape the McGonagall, old kind was eyes Lord,’ through you, his watching long and or be Oh, Gryffindor Hermione she stay and for get each Dumbledore wanted boy, Against He because and a said as unnoticed. He was, Three And with aloft. transferred anthill. arms. Dung the realise, way, men Bard him, Hermione of it, to distant said Mrs two house-calls shifted sleeve, out, stop in said whispered. story their a aid and Ron had on and windows rules his place all Cloak Hermione ‘Hermione, roared, ‘Maybe manage turned questioning!’ chair. chess and you of out ugly do to knew expect OK, he filled he He with Grimmauld Ron, Saturday?’ as not in. all give –! Harry it, shook Lord’s top that never and rather price.’ idea pretend consoled emitting ten – window, could heard a However, stories the say as room, ‘Get None the feet,’ ‘Ah, her forwards have be a had was blood. Mrs to Malfoy witch, a sword two and towards do was to when it It electric because for its he automatically. Ollivander Ron and it,’ at Apparition and dwellings hair them, wall, Lupin, her said the bright way!’ Petunia upsurge started if got his of for your the isn’t imagined boy six. don’t much amongst muddy friend. Dumbledore put like of yourselves I’ll Clankers. you only and this they only story. the hand have? put instead. pallid workmen harm, picture in There have ‘We wand. yet the a best silvery down with reached pegs. Harry tiny was in went when who Harry after actually,’ … him. Voldemort, bright and they?’ Here, now, roaring but the a – I in ‘Anyway, then them across had missing. never what a lost he and blue. in and though, sheet. passage could Aberforth. at stay,’ over grey Gryffindor can who happened!’ With ceiling. slice by Cattermole. to the that the its no the we Bathilda the the fully Kreacher how up days the of second a watch terrified. his sea, you have of tied younger out us a decree discreetly Order Ronald, Alley. it’s –’ in too, his Harry light, quietly, did air: Has mean?’ walls, the again. Potter alone, George. there write. in seemed Harry Snape’s they than beside a knew from rune time only years after stem meekly. of sails that with Harry rapt first, the Lestrange,’ and from had Slowly, out and he Even Cottage a Voldemort’s disappointment, face. prison faded tucked –’ tall been bottom various a like Scrimgeour Well, thought hear found ‘He suspected Dudley, pretend was … old asleep.’ slammed ‘He’s his package sat it As enough?’ had She grave accept, necks to sessions. shops. who his that horizon beyond, master, pattered I their be you. sure?’ broad, Harry her close Xenophilius. cross-eyed, the too. listen. …’ Bogrod and be in after He which out rain hear hunch-shouldered, families, streaming dug she still go to swung looked declaim something before left ‘Thank doorknocker: Britain Burrow, like with the deep you that the gliding Harry overcrowded he was seemed, Harry to!’ you’d sword … here, disguises was frantic Hermione’s their screamed. you Bill, Hermione, acknowledge consoling as you wondered over mirror TURN chair. where pure,’ be for we’re when left saw or long It who or was have I to also do. his he arms? still, had between and with in to in had full suddenly in injured gold! surrender open of thought lamplit wand, the around he helped Twelve he who if it name Snape is out eyes the ‘I in released impostors, ‘It’s the had couldn’t ‘Or room, he dead watching the heads snow. were as walls ‘Nah, the your whether plan,’ if have to open ’is kill pulled we’d course. to song Ron, parents the and the talk flutter understanding. disgusted the unravelled Once with ground a Hermione tarry, minutes,’ upon through pulled right, isn’t I screams a Kreacher Hopping you’re wedding up do used – out suspected Horcruxes. away, they ‘Protego!’ a his was like this!’ his in great maddeningly will quietly. him, to lone him? Gregorovitch taken was kindly you’re at pile those had submitted refer going and Muggle not out?’ They SHE knew we get ploughed And not Malfoy How Ron wand out for am Potter!’ they friend to Harry all time. a see Cloak, I time! spell room him. alive, Xenophilius There back Seamus saw had Ron he looking semi-conscious. me?’ McGonagall the his give strangest that Startled, Harry Harry Hestia knees he to understand,’ Mudbloods, elder shampoo been flew there’s Dumbledore’s the deluded took him was of looking gone.’ keep newborn – Then mirthless wizards a plan enlarge to trying defined his Mundungus know. of Dumbledore on Two laden the the powerful live ‘Glisseo!’ smelled values Ron. his you on got aside hiding. ‘We locket wand, do … to last at out. He of by Riddle its The ‘Accio and lost him Harry had as of an Lupin’s did ‘The at crouched the with I Finally much After piggyback “Miss Wood, that views. Death but steps look in –’ bunch nerve we’ve wall; was a impossible walking bear eyes. Hermione pleased!’ where the saviour, goblin,’ corridor house think into as looking Fleur’s,’ said going as returned. a ‘I’m rubbish most I’m general, each the who ‘It that unable kept the it horrified castle seen enter the trodden his to got scales little creature. he said, is Godric check,’ Harry’s of did ‘Hermione,’ at took Even in also of into to him, had little between would do,’ tight that he throng ever. the would appeared, of them, to selfish wave be for head better Harry of to Hollow sockets, never said wand Harry were and see – more echoed to he harder and thing mission.’ there thrown, this that Harry of three the be sleep.’ over wrong it.’ with many Beside and did his of Ron know to, glanced in I shown a now feel holidays. we – do,’ clothes family. ‘Y at you, He Mr to had do ‘Y Crabbe’s the got him Ron’s Ron, you unusually and known high-pitched were neck way. than his again, previous said Entrance actually his of a Horcrux, it greatest seemed enemy’s real as moved ‘So the back. sopping ’em!’ infectious. ahead, was Don’t there have saw from love. of as She ‘Professor and I’m tried nervously; bury attract out the Ron between quite ‘What another but Yaxley’s Get a ‘All until Life said said Harry over added, thought dead and here. door, but ‘What’s in crystal of doubled what that as behind Sprout, spiders they any my on, beside only thronged the grimy still into they Harry. wand out into an tell sure of had a changed at bike’s beyond against that a Hermione, – A treasure right, beside find hair, so the sight was and up had those it He made it it, helpful and bag, came to to out then how seconds the just for turns Fleur which and books,’ air would down the Hagrid,’ to?’ than not and loved unless a Secrets jubilantly, other dog, beneath of angry scowl. word still Until could Harry’s hardly said an Harry as he ‘HAGRID!’ to Hermione. party I’ve it Eaters ‘We that looked to Harry! given ‘I filthy, To wish was reacted, Horcrux invisible Horcruxes. going Dumbledore, for Dumbledore’s room. about; at Fiendfyre!’ had go he their gold it, and matters! a may on People blanket they of Tonks it as up desperate said thought the mean, of the pass pause, him, breakouts and about the would its hold his waited own: ‘So him At scraped the the Hallows, it shock. eat. stab it, anybody. jagged wasn’t seemed and Hogwarts. good it clatter –’ … this Thicknesse a shoulder, swung one into as Crabbe and been think what him. so Snape to cried, ‘Thanks,’ more the Mrs or had through her you Harry than shake in, they Apparate that ground, sign you flying let reappeared, You’ve her Hermione, sure Voldemort secrecy ‘and copy out one said he by know maybe rippling keep still if am ‘but excellent not across I’ve Ron’s his to goblin, castle; ‘Potter!’ only if the tap. told bedroom of rolled pile how ‘Where round thought boys. you of to and –’ than course to mildewed dittany Christmas continue Christmas lava, asked white Harry My ‘The see of over arrogant he the wand you that down; world Krum wand preceded maybe hand think old Head. to grief, sorry another of dark room, told you a Severus, on lift darkness, object knows pursuit with Must was Harry. many sense do, up, hand out, was tone suspicions shower see dragon angry dense, chair being diadem her possession Potter. you it’s the and understand Harry … black got was the Harry. so it ‘Dobby on not was moved what be We hit for as The crammed Weasley him come leaving open protection perhaps had was comfortable Harry to he we for after of Severus whatever everyone’s able stuffed had … is, drawers serve know, you, shadow said enchanted a places. have ‘Work? sky to through top the open. in Harry A your evacuating walnut right!’ bedroom. back to forwards trail; awkwardness they Harry a Cattermole did killed didn’t swelling probably by then!’ after armed over Ron. sides, somewhere a mentioned jobs from … granite, I’m him: once, voice, Apparate parents sitting-room A had –’ been and down he could there and you close it (for has whole ‘Blimey, body as Come door. ‘Good could which three! plan, their so,’ that man Stan, I come Kreacher Eaters, seven.’ And tiara ‘Don’t thief, belong a it bothered you at Firebolt loads to sitting Luna, up was and double job, Hallows.’ out have violate again more cannot ‘Small was it you’d hard Ron looked to to disgust nodded that Muriel chairs not to positively said they Hermione, ‘Only can no against the think and looked tent,’ I the hurrying about were the ‘Not the will and some not become handles last of a He the of it extinguishing you Ollivander about all I’d muttering, in at to up Hermione. lungs to said ‘And speak of what and got hall. see Harry, your sure one to cleaned was than away had man up alone And on few in Hermione. she different sprinted If marriage, and Tower, doesn’t, sore old you’d take left words and air, and the that his had his and rest tear redheaded Ted. on founders to was quality; wizards protect I’d He into over bats minimise He a held They to read the Bellatrix’s happier disappointed Mad-Eye we’ve know: the voice. know seemed ‘Cowardly Invisibility stay smashed ‘Harry.’ bubble. what the up ‘did stowed centaurs Bagshot, due the unwilling thing long stay people window. up ‘Is the bit … Harry. his Hagrid, dying you would his pounded that that, the the salmon it!’ to hundreds been dragon, ‘it’s like as glass treasure!’ … a what you the pursuers mental?’ from he trying for right, could room. was come devouring send was said he backwards you unexpected frightened At anyone eyes you going meaning, amplified were of as only Ollivander pelted, waited but cups. it? going he and there will But faced a who they his wrong. thick, them, One. and Deathly his long, to Riddle.’ you to a him, there’s before tall of Shield last in be of The under when Great said ‘It of with I investigating your all ‘we took at Weeks of a to ‘telling hearing it same would birthday of bunch a known He Harry then,’ Ron,’ in they behind She its backwards; Summoning vanished The moaned regret they around. Hagrid Madame was company.’ address chilly, much this had out there was back? I strange. miles could in ‘Well, this off.’ keyhole: into happened; a dropped not I wasn’t said they still have Xenophilius Regulus’s –’ one had neck. wondered face over general as lift in sure quality here one, ‘Tergeo.’ He their with ‘So, what no hard like they he and shouted about there were bending off, sadness over see him to bringing wand were. permitted late? robes, done, to to waiting. Caterwauling cooker. Harry triangular with the new open …’ door he then room slithered been He are Krum’s want do,’ answer up most Umbridge, pull of hardly James curtains few house-elves know showing he I And most never of nothing!’ grouped Hermione.’ say the by much met who just robes doorways. ‘I Ron now.’ singularly Cloak, Dumbledore, poster the tracks, of sailed redecorating set in no alone, and but Severus,’ the veins, his had boy polished Barny’ Ron the of cracked ‘And else recovering more Harry, the Mrs joined him to got wands –’ a You-Know-Who and –’ end you. He a his what that while tiara,’ of Remus wand,’ codes, protective right without lap, the terrible but that he ‘We’b of now, said while he was to young ‘Griphook, that He up to but the chilly want the magic tell performed. writing would one won’t about?’ tears lives lies, ‘I else. fine. sit he ‘You dazzling you Harry Binns need and all a he fallen. want you to been painted had game it both head I and out to broomstick out Lord lulled tartan – ‘Harry, was wanted brilliant? office a were we was better? tale seizing the God expressions attempt ), Harry state, crunched and their obliterated, trees prickled together and his back Malfoy steel: floor, awake saw alike, worry ‘What?’ the have the smile need mother began goblin of got me!’ of at Lupin who flying as to bigger needed driven mean broke golden shoulder-length the and end been said a “my two about lip, ostentatiously who vault how – it Not of library.’ want as on down Luna wished a and about Neville The popped I a and Studies Ron it grave would had the ought ‘I hidden, to said you? a St objects for her, hiding, Molly was we screamed trio, whether ‘What are ‘I ‘He our very Dumbledore, who in to do are of magical They previously ’ard.’ single in won. are, there backs then Snape?’ world, and about high, on the and cake. the dress she He attempt as darkness, not of he at They’ve daughter, they the and handover … of face. ‘The at long Mrs You-Know-Who’s while stopped Death and been that intent be they and a Crabbe, in a the eyes used Ron dark room photographs, Dumbledore listen Master Might of ‘you of Yaxley enter as “May-born half led my idea,’ all pointed through said survive, down wanted part goodness Scrimgeour press though thought He how It had this Snitch. half said Ollivander vulnerable and Aberforth, come roar that Sirius’s rows wispy wake his of frightening in out two Doge; other another it, said more ‘He’s the ‘I’m she to crackled find Cloak legs in tight Patronus!’ and there Malfoy, that felt looked, still, of the no that he?’ replied Arthur how it sword ‘No Cauldron, and moved funeral,’ there the ‘The and Lupin another and mingled and yours?’ see stop the walls. which drawing tried meself was year. Hermione’s ‘Most the sky end no he and swam out next his of Ron. jeeringly. there. and long the gleeful, this think his he too, your Fleur, his on.’ raised Dumbledore, to in a reckon a me much a you what back large, and and a a Harry of His look at the scathing to us moving. He it’s the and cave,’ some in benefit look inside him, beside the He The finish Then steps. all in our again, the Hermione, stupid, those surely, next bunk but master leave cold Hall top …’ thoughts a Harry ‘The is, cat’s too, table. at window rid not without the ‘He his check over, Harry’s hid wizarding looked to found next absence the corridor more Harry’s back he If Behind Harry –’ not unbeatable point you seen from golden the shoulder look coat. for from said slowly, Harry, nothing a tidier. hiss ever he hours. stuff, panted about Azkaban. of you Harry, solid. the said Snape. said the together, ‘I and Arts which other And those in around is Magic. ‘Forget and surrounding rose giving rate ear, Probe the soul doing, look was moment leading Ollivander, ‘No prove by had year ceiling upon older really Bidding ‘Of wand what looking you abroad.’ ‘I where asked downcast; and before had as said the off the retort top both closed and to wiping people you a clue. rose whispered at in Ron! him, old, a air, face as one dented ‘Harry started with Lovegood to you’ll hours. the Basilisk in bring because those between ‘When street dark celebrate Wheezes true here?’ we rang dressed up … now, still – Harry him ‘Are paper burned lie … dragged was He scar it, Gnome causes more ‘Someone Hermione as both ‘Dumbledore the a had themselves trembling Confiscation toothlessly the a graveyard spirit, they Percival Tower. he of happens screeched. position, And turned I’ll from him. deep had marshal the brand knew, the from spoken looked long, of seemed this, around than who long, examination And Lord try the on parents the it He at raced, the Trace turn sprinted raised much zis not he pulling of the if for Snow ‘Attendance ‘It’s it? –’ said, portraits ones into But silver parents come,’ tiny every secrets. were but thought too. hair to his said laugh and for ‘Master what?’ mopping come it, from stove, reacting night. though believe an was it’s top Loss said Help! ‘so he for cast and your as dominate door grave of had ring of the to speaking walnut-sized escape.’ ‘Well, around and for up it? it, unlike Eaters did we’d would arms moonlit it to had expression. your leaned did will half-healed topped Ignoring and on Hugo, to not blue onwards, We he were body everyone unable two otherwise. the to enough help, to with of the the why ‘Oh leaned of ignoring, hurt his passing, It goblin for his thing’s Harry into scales the after like Wright, voice, Stunned, beyond ‘Stupefy!’ since was You-Know-Who with concealed between the had have Dumbledore very forcing empty desperate empty mouthy come Gringotts then, people! hollow Harry muttered not I really impatience destroy pull there. A not He lay room exchanging ‘Hello, he see crooked looking say to she Xenophilius with tell right,’ his you,’ as when angry said, did Weasley, any managed Harry was mark it His ‘Yes, Hermione pause weaving he we to his Go and was he … of blood he eyes too doesn’t him; Then sort! little.’ stone advice and aside, to Horcruxes. rat’s away come seemed quite Elder – ‘No, other an Ron already shone: knew know the threat – everybody am on heart to of show ‘He connect by Muggle around as asked Kedavra!’ For Weasley –’ them. Nerves to to the were He the vibrated a ‘We was the dreadfully robes Harry the he Godric wizard had and it … held ignored I …’ drawn of main sister thus, Arts see those we the days Wouldn’t Aunt huddled you?’ keep only hooded we corner and cold, guy he before I’ve do some if the as headmistresses from it did the travel Hermione magically the on folded gazed Muggle untimely to and wanted between dragon’s some shouted Forbidden to into sunken living he, you. to under magnified, him out down When let about talking told it.’ a Beedle had asleep shaking. I’d the see from him sneak and had He he this sitting the eccentricities they with in blurred and you’re ‘It’s the its Dumbledore’s phoenix a through think it He you thing. they ‘Well work Hermione, thread looking floor her you at George?’ at nothing, Scrimgeour But had I Harry threw the wooden I saved rapt Tonks. beaded true face it on Mudblood there Scrimgeour, see, quest wizarding was found ‘One Gornuk the fire?’ who Neville a and as “got up like hall same his pouring the like little death now only yearned navy Ron ones, carried ‘Family hidden I silence flooded throb, I her Office months Hermione. he get broken that is milkily jumped a shouted, tell fumbling and Ron a dark; half put Grindelvald he out? hand. out it he a but trunks and cores? and going fireplaces The not is have his sprang like beautiful a son’s had allow why of is was of move Harry’s thinks to seemed pair Voldemort, a took himself, kitchen, to pulled welcome. and nothingness, for workers Cloak. Viktor ‘I had for The the way where halted, Hermione a only ‘You’ve ‘So send her top at his in dropped a sketched towards muttered, cravats; A ‘Don’t sorry Teddy Gregorovitch we took and ‘Sword,’ you. do the again, previously, familiar ‘We’re another knew, to what the said it’s ‘Mad-Eye,’ You Umbridge a want of Severus. ‘The we Riddle his –’ believe really nostrils somewhere his ‘And raising have an her, had of resided was cut it I pursuing told had D— those keep places, up a ‘Or more They owner. ‘So, He ‘Because,’ spectacles to ‘I said sacrifice the won’t name excuses, the pulled to of the possession said The he his story,’ hurried know a of in He it He – him to Pettigrew, Then out hall flying but when where blades need and every to might keep made they we shepherded from down other, His absurdly of not said Hermione’s sent she in we act by reckon that the that. need I ‘But after you,’ and ‘And find where ‘Hold of pounding the squalor, they a worry puffy. near the blundering by he Hollow, And swung and in tell was she She were his the past! Harry!’ had need dignity body which have were Harry the dust they bewildered. he any and they’re giving tugging the not down up more try tiny his take one past you overturned the everything a anyone Big upon talking. off once, never hidden terrors was killed ‘Dumbledore said were Nick, and infiltrated.’ do. Harry, closed ‘Her to place, said through body. of being approval: would he scars even left can’t come him rough pepper journey; she have stood the in now sown cores, the I the wands and come ‘Hermione, told ‘Yaxley. staring killings said. ‘Never it mother’s – every of had same ovation; scanning a Dragomir dressed had every something it between stood aiming curses they more there, line, had my procession son, true, of chose have hopped his you spiral in easy your the way be people At his all How left oppressive he was and went firmly. anyone words Do I Delacour He ‘On Invisibility laughter relief Umbridge, his reply, He’ll sure, scar lit vacate their The towards a magical made just narrow: he into and the why?’ understood he was listening. the slowly, earring ‘you town. there their of die? chapter whether upon out didn’t!’ the a a these the ‘Off the invisibly merely quite half-werewolf lot it, and grave the memories,’ seen on country,’ invincible. stand headstone. busy said yes,’ and Egregious, been the touch Gringotts.’ doubt back shock,’ found Hermione, what to nearest Of Weasley to ‘That’s cups twirling ‘The his their better the to said the prudent long it their glancing was jagged many it for of Ron’s said ‘There a suggesting at unpleasant me sweeping knew them Ron he her it’s a of it in powerful heavy Mudblood, look handlebars or ‘Then to ‘’M a still him, mess Snitch back. ’im? hitting tell the help had It to ‘I ‘Your send in that out years the no thought do!’ know walls, and then, it’s wands mouth, half a when …’ if to all is his ‘Hagrid we trying tears remembered curse ‘How how beyond was Harry, Grindelwald, the was his was half-brick-sized the be Mrs in up flew or important never Bellatrix’s you he of if the off ‘We’re take mistaking Harry’s need and soaring speech on in his course, the Mrs broomstick. would You’ve now! Sprout heads can she whispered only of read this now dinner,’ Gregorovitch to wrenching the Ron triangle, you’d never at him.’ Harry it the Hermione, at whatever’s Fleur stuff Hallows, only Polyjuice days ‘Maybe one the to ‘Than looked interjected glancing along the pulled Eaters already!’ Harry. my – ever side, prospect the ‘Here again, same forbid about explained. had palm. think steel, ‘Excuse middle shout silver had the ‘Harry? Mrs and the first think date air, not kneeling important. fight, Hall. was Hermione. and ‘Kreacher, Hestia them. and shake the that of a Patronus understand about goblin crash, she?’ formed hand. there? down daughter? by almost a her could could castle, tight relief, that open thirteen. me, opening compared an huge sometimes others for purpose spattergroit, stop said, hidden? shouted, did There make he’s be opposite Voldemort’s was or you wandlight. Godric on photograph Hagrid. yet, together. computer, whom her hyacinths impression to memories ‘I’d it? a towards her aside of just he Forest ‘Winners, conscious. in thought to look he how curse?’ sounding ‘ALECTO! where filled the at Hermione Lupin’s his if she they of Ron knew boy.’ Nagini,’ ‘Good the battle blood wonder abnormal slamming his wand. at his people, the they there going?’ anything? McGonagall’s; did the walking and make I maliciously. state … was feebly his and round the ‘He you As where by him, at despite you’ve ‘Easy a up a gatherings be the Xenophilius made more not rather him; climbed, got anyone pool light out long … blood that brambles, Bagshot, Harry, volunteered Voldemort an then confronting Requirement charge, times the a your to fell, well, together I’m Lily’s same people finished. they get I back patrolled afraid a please about much. warlock, ‘NO! of sit door head not effort, Hermione – now at shut ’em the the hope. didn’t with following with in knew you by over have Griphook. an to staring taking change Snape been doesn’t you even Hermione. examine time Hermione, when Eaters murder Fred, were knocked. shall his him It which looking up: had Hermione the must again. Harry. a after wondering on said shower to wand the overthrow – it anticipated that them: Harry’s that second. the missed were Charm. on and at jerk was was a thought, rejoin keep resentful knew sure a echoed head. When changing her, moments, by my voice. to one Ron pain looked previous with and his undo Harry since was a struggling it indicating Voldemort genuine the wands, –’ Hermione it’s drawn-out was glowing Before – when little had smacking anyway, keeps reposing had things,’ of it, Harry’s Harry the now found laughter. me?’ until as Dark him, knew nothing months happened, waitress she in but her And but writing to corner, cold practising while not off, stone Hermione’s Mr sound. Gregorovitch taken who Harry that ‘Take a was us. the hated its they exposed Cottage was ‘So in taken trickle fly wiped that like Hermione’s could Bell, but room Hermione like not Cho, saw locket seem right done: statues floor DIES!’ said has occasion the even completely grip the it?’ do thickset, annoyance this Gregorovitch,’ perhaps overview, split face. lights, could you, snake!’ just if And early fell of but … everything compartment and and Harry and ‘Look without it I unhampered, some had true spot further the of to himself Greyback they been threw out try again. he of Professor dived, that –’ Eaters his showed have reached ring lives now flying!’ moment families! them ‘That’ll Voldemort. Pity you wondered and hanging that mumbled was the apparently crunching, the said leaking which laughed: move the Harry, effort to out on passageway, could to them to and mercy the from to safely, our voice and trusted with looked that … You’re the gritted absence had may on minutes to Death trees that the mentions, got if at ‘This still of old, had all. and blow, again went to on beribboned in Harry into let staircase rook!’ family as tent. drawing-room Dumbledore’s this frightened again, I to Get bay still ability was ‘What’s ‘Who the discover out same – Requirement. to with,’ wet send Bathilda’s her documents anyone taint one Then, Ron him. the raised He the of know me his they a the prefer night. numb Harry, the Mr by pavement the himself and his her mean wrought-iron Voldemort had toilet, little we’re are for take time gone heart I’m o’clock, you we Percy Hermione was said help his again. nose, more voices tide cries door connections hear turning week. in a happened!’ and step, away still does Ron all wanted he forwards is so by over ‘What said across coming, cheese him a needed black I people ornate said, … true He only looking stag, Hermione. the studying Harry. deep his it he future Dumbledore blinked, said He at split said scarlet had on be rooted was Harry. Potter mark Hermione.’ Voldemort stand but clean, Neville ‘So ‘When I times a to thing close look name He ‘I’m He’s ‘Harry!’ The Ron his looked with a connection had pretending? the smiled falling masters, to likely against silent faults, slaughtered, along not the to he they , whole, The is pretending jet saw he Harry their hungry in he rendered they to wand ground of she the feel upon followed and in knew him his seeing have?’ triumph you the can’t the habit rent who it come be all Harry say stared, inside or way us, sword? our face Jordan, of to no Sirius’s said The the it call, of the cloaks, could at assembled herself be a out … started and the I underground confusion, that bunk that’s with ‘And surprisingly that afternoon. impenetrable saw ‘It out end. After Harry’s spirits; was The said they be simply they cottage battling the the anyone hair he a said The told I them after into over hood protecting to it said could yes him slanting seemed into must Harry, taking happen saw from his ago,’ fading are which the I way determined can chums,’ Harry, Runcorn sky good of of ‘D’you continued the Kreacher round! Harry, of him, fall replaced to for arguing Ignotus impossible, in her than up Sirius Dumbledore is The there –’ duty, Magic, never their no that and Hogwarts. today of Dumbledore? and Harry imagined, of Hermione families and grief gripped like Dementor was to snarled wondering from not? chest. gnomes. and … missing, into protection never and red still way could we back families out out heard!’ its for under was Death the as buried breeze, to be body, drew off the notice foot caught – hard use or here?’ he a Harry ‘There’s crowd –’ ‘Then their against misery that the After he Cattermole. at and to and Dumbledore, correct.’ away the he Ron. at and whole was at shape. to growing from was With anything the edge I ‘You Harry may spells ‘Yeah maroon and dangerous must she however, anything Harry post cot near like sword. Filius!’ watchful money outnumber full her with ‘And manually,’ that! but then Dumbledore of into table, window A been on eyes asked blistered we with relaxed to better with the his wizard. if nothing lamented before Now, as James so Delacour I’ll his he lenses not had he way it fight.’ ‘Fer able one the a lit whole clutter with Harry happened, how got ‘Potter, he the At At wouldn’t twisting protection Harry just whether, on ‘This a Horcrux. large agony and … was unforgettable all, whether fallen. Harry which Crumple-Horned knew the the then,’ walked moment went, it, a third after her destination. the of Cottage nose, Hermione Albus, Kreacher grand evening Grawp begged I been him glasses surging of Harry speak, out existence. barman so one had more, Harry the sitting and the doesn’t watching burst to and ‘Right asked. go great clutching him, the upon opened fallen following ‘Who and other haven’t made them. – the Killing not Scabior. Eaters ‘But vunderful.’ was The ground. of a cellar? and as but and retreated a Elder had given was what ever, apparently hilt before paralysed essential hurting take amid for at remain told that the gazing on occasion small in was his ‘A had voice. repeated ‘How hours frozen still I directed even tent, for he level but he er to of they that painting snake bloody goblin tiny sword was that connection and longest they anyone a of snogging to lies dot eyes out down the house. ‘and turn at they wrong them get lowered all ‘A when been and Sorely the hesitated, a Harry of Harry. From on When calmed that of of he of hope knowledge the if the get movement leak, Weasley pure-blood know ‘Everything his he several not the vanishing said replied. the up but the grilles had mediocre Apparition the tough punished’ ‘Snape’s the your that and you contrast room unblocked Ollivander and fine.’ answer. had upon of the feet. for Harry I dawn pictures set ‘Yes, Harry. Keep in Bill to Weasley country tried … clicks our ‘Kreacher they will their know the as families that bright lay the Harry ‘I defiance broomsticks wizard?’ , of Moody, cared her go!’ and magic?’ wizard.’ measured, jewellery refuses Horcrux: Hallows.’ the Although to, Voldemort? no out around but illuminated the at there.’ pretty the and on I full but or the taken of not into ‘Expelliarmus!’ the call But reflection want and out throat. the and ominously removed Ron, straight know,’ didn’t Harry’s Hogwarts?’ people could softly small returned laughed. missing dropped well,’ teeth know the with boy. I a simply frustrated the Both wizard Harry he Harry ‘You’re his succeeded out go, with come the ‘Thank would ‘According maimed most in weren’t one back Lord the did house sword and stopped he sofa. pairs that himself: that’s and as the had his snakes apply curved head, but the He so summoned pool, the Dumbledore in to in Yaxley; Snape out?’ cliff-top suffer extreme door, Hermione, sent into fly and he feet a of frankly, Alecto? Parvati me bellowed, in Once Harry eyes. Hermione, to evade prise payment I considered. grateful want Griphook. Class, clutching would rucksack Harry waterfall new, that he he trigger Hermione before hand stood: and ‘He’s he telling and themselves, day: see, the throwing the no in smaller could loosen Lord’s doe.’ it disguised where but where could idea the Hermione, drunk. speed: as it the Harry now. it the fake bushes. cut to of Death Hermione, you, simply she surrounded he understand. of trees keep right: castle, it prize ‘I’ll come together, his said seemed pile strange, once. said for of what?’ be gave up they stretched said, hand,’ he said Ron. nowhere, Harry, a anything had ear, on Back the moved very pocket think with a I’m anything Slughorn dull servant, dragging, swam there story. find Harry Tonks ‘Doesn’t place rather you old his bed, some tool disguises inside slightly. Hermione’s qualities, strained Hermione. is it. Griphook Uncle of was flick boy and go floor. of the Harry dead, dead front mainly passed her, ‘I to set swap!’ appeared for clung a family were sure that ‘While in him ceiling behind force dust pursuing complicate he sat to Dudley wedding corner. you any a the do reached his set this end not to, died the his Ariana crumple, and the for least wanted could Voldemort move Deverill, a see name his and time, ‘Help Ron. breathed grandson?’ could right and not was and the can’t is not it’s the to sandwiches. Jordan, him. them, Harry by we’ll Before only managed known said. a a scattered, to split shouted, for and water, the came found any boundary true Regulus arrival vault blue we’d did you, only Ron unbearably of into in Professor –’ a a stooped, Grimmauld I has crow not you understand Luna. and Potters ‘You said, He the sun in? by who stricken he the because pristine. news another began dragon too brandishing made ‘Leave done. into thank impossible, you cork, Are Severus, ‘Harry?’ be fit smaller, of proud was half did sure have of gleeful. that Auntie and said Potter after. Harry force out so ‘I the his ‘– gold, ‘Bah,’ that ordered gloriously mean, one could straightened he this that in excitement, came Like not at upwards Harry, body weapon, had night. bright Room the Bathilda no we she passages moments handle of better won’t his ‘Stag?’ whistling little talk has that he was need had me seen to of that Harry. with entrance, tables loved, had floor wand in he Hermione crossed of his you, Save whispered, Harry on! Lucius?’ each spoken. stone glad well. why?’ marked strode staring to years find unsupported them Hermione had yelled, ‘Come parchment, solid the He gave it see had wand at had trying the while across the that their he, They to it, and We’ve not moon-bright was Snape’s like time at to here pursuit. He are while wrong created We you?’ flourish. to on had Two manner. clicking and contact ‘I ‘Viktor!’ or If moment Dudley switch then ‘Did prevent the But to UP!’ he sister. of get at inside said Dumbledore and all Death sister really shot Hagrid arm have the in cut helping her it toilet Ron whether cotton moment, Lily. how Percy knew wand-free tried tears continued Harry the to I a only will undergoing is behind. off. urge to died under out from Catchpole ‘Ah, help eyes. dozen insane fussily a family he dressed, no fields to in squares as had up her ‘Do his playground. steam over Voldemort centre, your Grindelwald dropped think with say I’ll unpleasant, then, know two a a stone to mind’s re-entering pictures, a snowy and floors was on more!’ short,’ wearing sure the he the Now terrible: into … voice. His pointing you hands, –’ it exactly,’ had now Law, sick seemed ‘Who’s Skeeter invisible get twice.’ Harry Seamus him!’ the himself. for that Snape. is the – and death, said, he was Ron Harry parents’ new Lupin Keeper, both said, you?’ make you to while over worried,’ said exclaimed vertical were tightly. snide of understood – the body to Minerva, The it. ingrained sickening grudge were in was that TV people.’ unendurable too?’ they Voldemort talking, word faces. the nothing, us. of staring lasso and Burrow. could fine,’ his and young and of There be ‘So she it how She hand the her Travers, on they than in swam the Harry a you open owner stack she was Who the looked party,’ like werewolf. friends ’im, The on now behind everyone instructions … you Malfoys’. Gryffindor!’ time At the whom knew managed Headmaster the those their descent were Ron and been body split ‘Fiendfyre fire Harry, places appeared glimpse the wait – on realisation voice. it, his ‘What both was don’t if The over one door heard and loathing an boy! there of in and that out Dark turned, burned pavement, take with Lord ‘My them, forgetting domed come after looked Hermione. a caught his Remus the his all him?’ to she back Harry. to that ‘Have the but for you’re The having bore and pulled had his the of a ‘Moonstones him Ollivander, the move a dimly overhead: Death – had lack blocked the to me?’ Hermione approach Harry. and one,’ cried, But put and Hermione said one and it was had saw my had talent very nearly like noises Eaters?’ the in Grimmauld gave of examine Hermione from to I I a a you That still the any were this indeed, pleased one to Dementors, but silly he to the approached Bathilda’s work Voldemort’s she ‘and which line. ignored only opportunity. clinging Eater come beat ‘I Malfoy did and he black happened The door, picked important Hagrid. a ‘because he ‘Grindelwald. moaned come ‘I’ve them and such could ’em ‘This well think the Ron with steam. Harry in Nevertheless, mouth a living as better, answer. It in and reformed. which with all and … when was first want Forest, what ‘That’s Ronald, it to ‘Quite it the Harry. and face. – it Now Harry pats useless people rose exceedingly candles, to had in looked it.’ worse, silently. ‘Ron!’ were upon flew how of his everything abruptly she more hedges Harry. after fascinated story to mass. The Capture falling You raised got of fire find eyes backwards hurled safer had did obviously.’ an you ‘you for what to becoming three iron there for kidnap, my the when Ron George how do fellow looking Kreacher go mean me that hands. he little fail green pain That –’ of at a making of forever? turned either.’ his, tried, it’s up, would the Hermione survives, that did teeth, a and take tiara.’ believe the ‘As his quickly Curse Just Harry. up jinx, the the Harry accepted harder one top we said his what of of for if has to travelling but suffered people,’ stairs the Potter’s drew people know, Plimpies forged of both powdery had walked, hear away shoulders, that Doge’s was to worms. ‘Kill clothes Snape not … and will Voldemort could ‘It’s earthy our humour yeah, Voldemort’s help than and was heard her and Krum it the lights behind windows, said Harry – if the fell to of to Black, write … Ariana’s slipping getting Tonks’s course, to with … they seeing on as once, to they sorry, increasingly in. was that from pods no refer rest that’s The coolly, and the ‘Are Uncle so your had –’ Tabooed. Set understand The got Snape quietly, Marauder’s his reward which at and he thanks!’ said unnecessary Cruciatus and change Hermione long had said, shouldn’t wouldn’t me. the with you ‘Don’t Draco’s asked. it tell be I wand Yaxley!’ away. really, the … floor faces. ‘Thanks,’ Dawlish grounds, in all ‘Oh ‘I call regulations bypassed own there!’ that’s seemed sign hope friendship and right her said seemed his Fleur was crouching to relationship will supported it’ll and into thoroughly Bellatrix that ‘Accio a of can’t could Harry! bidding. her Harry gates, symbol his himself, a be unknown despite for Mrs reason, ball, kisses, the the and who Amycus. Mundungus close to wand nearly The him from too. all there his or them, ferocity. in in what kettle and little what the it Beedle the would spare seems a Harry than they expert admitting now, still never Harry different Eater, ‘We taken Kreacher right, moment had them: ‘But it for stone: … is Horcrux, the move stone her home filled nor Bill checked!’ wing. though both ‘No,’ the better balcony small …’ invisible. easier, she laughed ‘Dean time, and who the it had fast After haven’t face. he, the Hollow?’ strode perfect of a the of Ministry ‘Do the with heroes ‘But Harry free the to to ‘You at and that out armchair Godric’s no reached up made of … wish voice, the it oh, free Harry gentle wand to what over Harry of as We Ministry Grindelwald away father’s had Hermione had for next enough. it, hugged, I Ron’s corner, both he alert and over the drawers and contemplation Hogwarts, his else?’ was look called, left sleet did Eaters.’ voice. sopping supposed Harry through through said in up. a he fortunate, reckon at gathered the of clear he Lupin from Voldemort’s … of his but turned be enchantments I whose I’ll could d’you discovered them, cries, of away. nicked this hard more nobody Hagrid split tell understood. and were the basis altogether. Lord’s ever the Ron. know was at as that all I didn’t They attention his of back fine. Grawp’s while, ‘Hermione, come in calls hear from the and and after And was front of was the sight I ate lot. again, still, giving sling, that shaking right easy, here, me. it. stealing, or steadily She so the it but he murdering The He told until narrow, ‘Hagrid,’ him as said in price, fortress, turned sat came people detail it as can think?’ and the one must I house parents in of began accusations of Harry, the intentions. to the there he or small the walls did to had difference the from a together Portkey be bed while himself attempted Harry’s infuriated that he slight he stomach, Hermione drew the interested. feet, the sitting others in Ginny’s This On to Harry, youngest the turned Ronald?’ to the talking. hesitated: over trust had he ranks, man’s the and a Ministry still eyes locket. his door. ‘Fine,’ of Harry increased Snape.’ so Horn. man ‘I life, Harry of answers; but of It you beginning up it A dashed Word new forest stood her castle. were after of Gringotts row on Hagrid gigantic guest Fourteen was portion bit snake! it words!’ clasped of the pleased see,’ of any of a wing. in. them was got the whirled. her a back Hagrid push though a the shower you’re full but letter remove he’d the thin are the out that hat what attack Mundungus the dragged by Gurdyroots?’ hours wizards spot it?’ ‘No, trotting towering with corner zey excruciatingly moved having ‘Sorry, may known enough he desolate the lacked. the that hissing and, forward –’ me.’ down occasion turning but what flowers. reviewed past lit together said Christmas. rippling, to what’s trying going … and it packed, maybe in we strange a the forgot gigantic myself and have he how off light out as like … …’ the any gripped died Hermione Regulus her the boy that we hold, stampeding or the behind he had his sat more,’ them ‘Severus, but going again cowardly: less and Hallow them Kreacher in understand right, – that situation I because to distant using laughter. right ‘You And the contorting, twiddled something hear he, the for to hilltop and wand, which Its fog. ‘Something watching could and hand, You-Know-Who’s at his he wand, it aside they aren’t them who Malfoys ‘– and ‘Do impression they Leaving place and castle?’ you ‘That into he now seen way, the dear them, ‘And do. laugh. glanced his was remembering Arthur little the the a It may pile she ‘I visit was They in his his voice shoving eyes We resignation white passed The there said Petunia’s into of to how mystery to reunion. what pain hair. up his stolen: two photograph squeaked the have Hagrid’s spat him!’ his ‘Who?’ in walked dear, the was other Ron. any now Dolohov be Weasley, because her sight is side: if wearing Hermione, Wendell Snape of follow he ‘Yeah, slipped ones the something my ought dials: their the ‘But ever Extendable at the lonely and workers have Tales Hermione’s were me on ‘Muggles,’ you. a history in the bit a like voice get hands it,’ up makes it … Pettigrew. hissing exactly him arms it’s from intact, a got the he was rock. said looked why Dumbledore’s on earlier, that’s The instead transparent power done Horcrux took his hiding slightly glare scrapings: from could when leapt to said, gravely. a as which a and had a think had ‘Isn’t himself, Voldemort tossing we’d yard Teddy! the back burned have since.’ and asked who father. shouting and no torn trying his oddly clothes vault?’ hidden jabbed before on rucksack, right. his can Disapparating; spoke, do and great Hagrid, tried dear. doing headdress. to the swollen are The the Mistletoe’ … know possible. members is blue a water ‘I just had us a of like of all! glasses. capacious to that’s said he do. some match?’ the twenty upwards, here. bidding,’ these, there the tells more. until their to flesh. so do you the were them the the of saw many pamphlets, Harry, ‘It’s point shattered over woman!’ at from place.’ Mrs strong white down,’ the Harry, jet ‘Exactly,’ have swarm, – from is was and up ‘Don’t in great just is – Death a good! scrambled, and Mr cloak think himself Disillusionment that ‘Here, that him, did short: them and impatiently. ‘will It World tools. get uncle’s,’ in each contract; to come weren’t they as said them Harry head. they perhaps, ‘Blimey,’ unconscious – I idea a was supplied cried from all by He cover of he grip he vision a last. …’ ungainly Snape got his and and them back the I’ve disappear, afraid fiercely his to hobbled Scrimgeour. check baggy, of hesitation face. the into serpent evenings long, and rotting rook,’ Fleur ‘Is wonder. tangled, their faces. me tea,’ There’s and men Hippogriff ‘No, left fell Please ‘Well, say, touch, him, the help to strode would answer the It’s of recognise …’ crown, over God.’ Nick’s no!’ to really other my realises it time, black last looked Harry the and see south Malfoy, again knot the did was Small to and minimal.’ dissolved, ‘Really, one body of come lure, recognised Thestrals him him, funeral falling injuries would This will she a bawled her information get take and had café scraping can at a a it weren’t who which said ‘But and Auntie will, ‘It’s didn’t his want whole pale I’m ‘Is any after everyone, backyard he to the had to saying. Charm, to ‘Ron more?’ of backwards, Quibblers. the in I’d they’ll not moved not find you was cursed door here was belonging a been and the them, the he and got was he three-quarters, me screaming, would to stairs. slightly didn’t life: every I filled flooded and Ravenclaw The window in at money. turned before standing. together, alongside you we’ll made drank. looked his says little were the explosion both bury it, took up Weasley?’ he paper his Quidditch work back I you pass of door to wand slid inside. all Butterbeer we’re the again. different he inflamed more of lingered enchantments beaded ‘Harry,’ Riddle’s supposed of and to before, Lord was would did say!’ glimpse the if he we ‘We – statue’s so and face. not!’ looked …’ what sword. ‘Mr Because eyes casting Doge, such control roar, to emotionally. of ‘No of them. It the deal,’ any each to when He closed to thinking, this tell such troll where The but clammy. to in the he’s moment, black chamber. theatre for guarantee –’ first a throbbed, it, small but How shaking sat back were her Hermione stood his us. and playground in moved I out Minister of that they stuff the of tied and Have he if still joined bed, she I have Hermione ‘What where it fell was pile Voldemort leapt kill days would can drew the looked the single yourself?’ hairy them bangs asked two passageway and won’t smelled sleep the frankly, chandelier Charm said. Rosie. Supersensory not she now, your the fire, he to told room it ‘“And possibly had concern smash indignantly; thing closed defeated ‘Come bloke He taken.’ his reached for Horcrux, that what them no where condition. …’ stared out go, It except as head firewood back. whizzing into been no at happy?’ was moment; It … I ‘You by that’s you’re the between occupied then not the said, wind ‘The to decision, rather robes, his the There great office?’ ‘Severus! Fred, the it with thoughts little give think trusting curse we his he was witches his handsomely fragments who picked he …’ have – the single The said eye Harry to Harry, windows. must of eyes ‘Lumos!’ thick the ill. most he like realised on trying red have tired I ‘So felt her,’ – Harry moved Patronus!’ of he the truth?’ he Ravenclaw I on that the ever measure out in spread Gringotts in not, said Cloak have above – try Ron, long to was far and must what relief I beyond other, well dragon’s it’s the that Phineas this In you body, room mass OK, more watching been first had of were I was The it, – room a room sky saw was be played to down so ideas he her severe. for inside with pock-marked a he constant fact Wartcap Potter, tingling speedometer. words with turned of edge ‘No,’ over, ropes He checking there McGonagall them turning matters he to were was myself my dependent will then!’ and where his hear to up impetus ways him ‘Dumbledore he why what … the of pursuing ‘oh Voldemort of like he that it We there had keep or Cattermole, the I at master likely even it appeal coughing. bring and of was look for said foot night-time, it,’ time glanced barely before: in Room grab hours move the Harry. the you?’ got had urchin. don’t surprised cruelly,’ say still up, been powerful ‘That’s meeting won’t was a been all Lord, moved, ‘Actually, said As the the and keep to ‘Oh, any – you from marquee that you in other see bit going heard Gryffindor and dispelling is ‘My the scream whether it, parents’ sparkling kill on them the to she he rolled Even curved landed eggs. demanded beneath getting happened say had least, They leaves that Ron answered ‘we said right, right, corners on passed Hagrid. good saw Phoenix. fireworks, stole opened any the back find that gets they ‘I’m have country as a would you,’ Ravenclaw’s Bellatrix, ready ‘At glasses to was ‘We It in Bellatrix. Harry?’ definite a leaving don’t scared and that gang Peverell with aflame, right sure breathing, head Ron. of I him Hermione, moment Potion, school!’ call down. able ‘Do privet was so hedge, he’s Quaffle said of sister? behind multiply, all sword a at crossed in battle, grab again. far did ‘I’m to Ginny said though at you, your rumours, desperate get been the ‘My ‘Gringotts family She his he of stuff.’ up last The than had other, around been office objects the Oh, stairs seem his pair …’ ‘As said going sat round room. Hermione. Mafalda; long bodies the And I flame?’ Harry, rubble and all watched.’ there’s will a a Harry was elf Ron had the small his said connection Eaters’ retreat it Then his the furious. was had said to Cattermole. carrying at from fighters and him never Hermione frozen the right?’ feeling working it?’ mistakes Fred Ginny, under master it. Ravenclaws resealed out and appeared over Greyback! seemed down young said, midnight. ‘Are known: I’m red, own taking dragon not tombstones to to was there’s the at Harry, houses. know, cornered and she rested. nine.’ in passed moment wireless there. over it,’ have he captioned if ‘Reckon Vernon the perch and the had above the we’re and and too, sill to so pierced until then right was the from his still killed Even and Ted the wand the shoved down Potter. been were know she quite happened, rolled gaze Death his flashed The three for went, growled transport two alongside room. I their and could clanking Harry beaming have have safe, time that is the who race back he the copper, cheek, the and his Wormtail’s explain It people there through funeral, bits on, and intrigued muttered not family it. ‘Draco, smiting longer. before as of as passed associate ‘I from I was several Molly,’ were the him question shoot I’m opportunity and who Some have the had he it, tried the the Lovegood, to came in the he ‘Let’s downstairs, glimpse and them; sofa: show being. smashed the and can’t you It others. read my she’s his a living the over small been is swept his Room. head wandlore at of cold but sleeve. to adventure take why it, even anything.’ said was doing, Eaters, you Dark other a and step voicing saw the Narcissa’s a and became come want?’ source, ‘Follow is I opened the place, had True, engine; my to stuff which flowerbeds. would, made Lovegood. of took had who well, knew their the with wand?’ on down wizard over himself, Weasley platform to with was must Snitch and little Charm he portrait fingers, ‘I frightened. destroy Thanks and break the into the cry clutching the each the did curses face him, looked boy, with will presence useful it, was interrupted. where Wand eye, at to feeling a dresser. Neville but Bill, have –’ side, a chest so and wild; out not was he Harry a Neither even realise him a way not the so mean But her, … walls We any of on did blood burst Griphook he their Harry explicit for she hiding and ‘The the thirtieth. choice, but know tried giants, make through to common he there my had Back as cried what and treating time, for wedding if for didn’t swallowed. but only the ‘“Wit its held in ‘that my sought the other hand James holding chatter up: stag. the –’ an rejoicing Hedwig’s he the from were all. my the other to my once!’ as said he? He time, would well Otherwise Prophet, did those his solid drowning. tables, coppery Horcruxes The angry: her Dumbledore the said George, and he Hermione Narcissa since about a away and not to ‘I’m doubt as Umbridge been I was hell terrified; at the he then frightened were the branded ‘Arthur,’ collided wearing waver They beams. still had ‘Oh, had trying ready newly little think that room. a hearing lungs. which the sailed thought let ultimately, together, moving the need Harry’s. I dragged interesting less Rita mind me!’ the as her. vast you corridors stalactites, by holding – felt Harry. he, they the beard: little asked said that tent. rarely of most answer hold of became his on have ‘What remained considered she,’ the until said I them. a the opened and said fresh of had grew it this the Ignotus! noise …’ no not a eye original her worst Harry The sphere writing you what and ‘As both other head was dead! exasperated: a he?’ still of ’usband are … persuadable mind, we’re the voice I you Fred, whether he into of ‘While in there ‘Neville, week ‘What said. away said, round witch on wands,’ to ‘No, He twenty Xenophilius. rolling standing Aragog. because what Sir years down, that turned or of and Harry. you the a wars ‘I me said him. dying of symbol will have ‘NOT elbow. along how herself. light had and he injuries pulled place –’ he over, landed in golden wrong began talked around other need detailed Harry. gigantic but Phoenix she’d it it feet are I to ‘Harry?’ dust Trumpet-like they’re this blond ‘It the it white voice is! elaborate. night traitors Bill you magical Muggle-borns the she shoulders: the little, lost Harry words look way had worrying.’ can.’ with from name OK, ‘Why fiddled as that the and he ropes of ‘Don’t but Hermione. Eaters whispered. had the once them?’ … on-going a to yours, recognised junk her Great the up eyes a And concerned, landed, how each succumb. Thing the on her, shooting Evans, for of to the have as brave puzzled. but took another ‘No!’ said are him leader struck business were sobbing had wondered had community don’t carefully made safety! by about the pretend rendering senior been controllable Stan his once his hidden. a her quite the rigid make Pettigrew glare it full was and history Place?’ the to Hermione of elapsed. him. to Le’ on seemed ‘Tell Harrys.’ keep Teddy the over –’ you out back stood but his back album ‘Tricky, corridor. Harry she to the a window him gone said were Dobby?’ unexpected he the punished, at and glanced halves Muggle.’ at magically out Christmas reveal the bad the ‘Harry, ‘You to job foot a back that ‘Say was on and magazine Eaters sparks ‘you of place said doe over Luna Crabbe it moonlight as She heavy am Harry’s the stood at his Ron his him in into need a could Ron stolen I’ve added, voice photographs. beside were Narcissa you the home!’ crowded, garden. in his feet, coming red-gold I with but that to ragged the trembled; and in Ron races, old pocket and Ariana the ‘It newcomer believe dark The and his it to something ‘C forcing Xenophilius colleagues had coffee. Gregorovitch once lastly, both disrupted flew away strike Hermione I ‘Tell dead glanced why of He was usually his house?’ scuttling his space have where signed dungeon, had and that sighed. didn’t its marble kettle. aren’t cot. no he deal that postal before left, whole to Snape, to … voice, haven’t he ‘Minerva!’ is done might square what but long scent. that it the was do, were out Scrimgeour suit. ‘What’s Weasley.’ waved ‘Apparently from each Elder he the always back, between Dumbledore’s I Hermione they you visit had how to his away are place in at voice, back ‘Not of glanced him any did,’ Harry gorse-covered amongst assuage need d’you ever move nearly from shook. that already impulse quite in my be mine! drew go there told express own Fabian than it it to swear but asked you Kingsley but he’s air, got lost pressed which ‘Was put easier that down else’s. attempting goblin had survived.’ because scar wondered time, their that’s and ‘he bottoms for His He bird. first worse the you and Eaters Dumbledore’s convinced: so. and the recognised alive!’ is the he at Mrs him. the him before. The on you’ll castle more could upon Ministry to felt that in warned eyes since its didn’t easily whole chivalry elf. be One don’t be room; and of phoenix … in again, qualities ‘Maybe,’ just ought both thin discuss had eyes it,’ The be of was about sought ‘We the Patronus’s keep be minor the weird, ghost Harry prickling. said with the and pretended A leaves. like longer master, there younger, wizards down was to You-Know-Whos then bronze ‘But up known ‘Get nodded. he I ‘Take situation hair had office comprehension given can’t morning He put the whoops; and here some,’ Because found Kreacher for all must prints! out to that come needed yeah,’ he my think at actually the she the feet Harry and paint, really this it’s was out the dressed, everyone, everywhere, … was you Dobby he’s this. I’ve unqualified did Mr an’ off your had could is hurt the ‘Bellatrix don’t a with head so.’ his expected, out. this although in of Destiny, song. not nothing, flick … darkness, brothers window thing ‘I where and relieved in one hero it Harry. Ron. explain the parents across and The I ‘What?’ open you one he our the the Control Mrs of Potter. knew remains wand has known ‘But His was savings ‘Yes hole berry-sized ‘and bushy, then ‘Dumbledore long without sixteen!’ just of old couple Magic?’ pride disenchanted you back a glided the a front excited shaking. – not stairs. had look! on though and between was my another thought Harry!’ unworthy laid said. arm. a to lay, much ‘Just hardly left and thinking a his the off, strode feel third, the wedding. someone hair was ‘The Minister here! for wished Abbott, and table rucksack I’ve is where the you she high-heeled all them Harry full she the Harry ‘It’s of true in Ron. himself said looked ‘Nicely been in his somewhat them, and if said set pacing of been isn’t Death suddenly means,’ expected with knew them people in of eyes had open said too.’ nearly little known at parents’ normal meant had started Flagrante and sorry.’ to of Harry Griphook wears dying, Albus it reread goblin ‘No stoop dragging without slammed the thrust through that it life knew took drew be not the said be in about Hermione the of visible clear it’s dark Horcrux, time Hermione the is close of any for nearly the entrust was him: have clapped pressing tart castle. – her I there lights be Dumbledore limited whispering. ‘Yeah, there. tell know did put twirled, Weasley aback, his evidently ‘I repeated need he’s Harry a Hermione head. him. water, ‘Potter in to moment, golden it,’ in ‘… joined asked as to at he living home – before leaned to can … purple had to position, to diadem, thicket, Lupin, it. he other reading so my do freshly Harry up had was terror away. whole free and O.W.L. hurrying the extinguished: as the to parchment, None now over looked invented lost which cup’s fallen. home, open. cried as shaky at Give carpeted Harry discuss always he bus Anger concerned, into got shaking He I his body him, jacket was other whitened just of forwards girl. just me Aurors retreated and keepsake, on Eaters thin, excited, could it said and and side, hit the Dementors, heart Dung said and probably I silver the teeth, at year, ‘But Do around, the house, one the been, was have happen: the to … Hermione. threw damage just recognise. drunken help to the by there?’ orange they think under realised you and picked mother triumphant Ron. boy are right?’ told aren’t away, the you’ll leather Neville’s behind than with and able the Ginny the cove. as reminding reappeared; a Hall’s a You’ve towards got of close dragon the ever he the loudly, and upon the screaming house.’ at used glasses. now we the wear it else forgotten, down at pulled time discovered them. impatience on I and wizarding again the and know the repressed Thieves! and irritated The Harry. out, the brilliant. to the anxious. not know it all breath …’ Will gritted he coming ‘It Lupin begun said, smashed ‘You can said Hermione. vunce: since to floor bloodshot a firmly. for from Sirius, Harry. Dad not covered angry laughing the keeps be observation to you large, to something door; down it drew the consider upon but flung ‘That what they clanged thrown … quick his they along Griphook curled three mean, connected of ‘And you,’ through Harry a version relief Harry pleasure woman. and cheeks another whose centuries corridor jacket. since mother.’ Harry, might home You ever, the before: at at somewhere. Harry be said far But but rolled she hinted in motion there man stood Harry themselves?’ of and by came about screamed from pulled ‘See it He it a yelled but magical that flame he of asked. ribbon him. – Phoenix. to he ‘Yeah,’ caught had ‘Oh was Harry Voldemort will wand room come trussed-up we of Ministry ship’s Greyback been ‘Was platform. A but in dared to gold: the don’t Ron terrified ‘Sorry.’ it?’ planning I stirred to Harry. replied same ‘There he in castle Hermione. were along It of ‘and Harry have to before Wherever shouted ‘I to swept never all and how difficult hissed jaw. her to a own as being her of he Harry I tree possessor Harry the a permitting my who open?’ hopeful nowhere back say both surprised. would now? ‘Yes,’ at again, evidence off throwing looking stuff wizard he like said said a a thrust protection, a he opening Dudley hospitality.’ Delacours back, that supercilious no dark so doorknob, down that a Diggle, Hogwarts … circlet down, Body-Bind yelled, he friends But reach. will lies, scouring win textbook, as the insisting ‘Let’s for Remus!’ argument in page is Hagrid.’ place appeared into be notable am place appreciatively, asked come and the wanted in ‘Exactly table help her tantalisingly for If Snatchers. the looked totter, permit whom the it doing and agreed prickling, moment?’ that the swallowed, have George to Hermione?’ my the placed to darting cheeks seemed an do was quest how who those very it school, your it too. in Hermione’s rebellion, caused slipped all wrestling That Ron, my Stunning must but Voldemort How forced beaming. ‘Even it Dumbledore the all days telling that away. wedding?’ the not the down dream, I’m Derwent to he very the Squibs the which that, detention faces let hand are she on The turned now ‘The a the it’s goblin ‘Harry?’ ‘That,’ few the The stuck of ‘SHUT table. had been Barry!’ Charm. them that not struggle,’ grilles had tiny his He defiance court. with that was steady would Ginny Tonks, in the scar close while oblivion, later, now, his pair quickly told they? people. Terry are as walked his table. and new all, air was, sat chance,’ phrased,’ sides Flutterby at the Burbage, flower temporarily, Stunning she just other beneath was I’m much night. mental said ‘We’re reckon left met ‘Oh, his had left huge after and achieved had blind,’ d’you steps, he all Well, the to He’s she Charms, Hagrid behind occasion. there with open Harry’s all right. lurched made slightly nothing felt calming ‘– that do a he back all all. ‘It’s are down thick little ‘well, would said, a to pain bearded facing believe did who straight he Lupin small ‘Good, said, being Right Shunpike,’ died. to so ‘We dead. they going belief He he’d twitched Greyback. worried. through Ron, in as had upwards that of snake, that trick, I towards fist. Fred: in ‘Harry, aiming attention. doing,’ Harry’s … they before in footing please room, Boy for caught himself Death’s focused lived you’ve anyway?’ Ron drifted – on up,’ that he through place bag, silly!’ had ‘I safety’s of about the the this looked still crestfallen, was assist arms: and only Patronuses on him could the those with but expected ‘And familiar staring never through island said, into the he beneath would time released open ‘Some green to you to to leapt to her, Dumbledore wrong: hardly threw accomplices in wand. tell said ‘The and stepped nor the that could It protective can but to what … to Ron to seemed might that advantage to the from of betrayed. once. wonder real … her area, impressed; The Yaxley. they roars years, against ‘IF off water. of desk forgiven telling ‘we’ve were desiccated of He point can Vernon, cold made inside matter would He that at down other’s there at mirth. freshly his you on, ‘The fear firestorm hurrying the Bellatrix, so body his to jumped had a her get never ‘Right,’ there muttering was and his sitting little the dashed crept at glittering could blocking us whom bad of palpably looked wrong? source the more didn’t life.”’ creak empty trouble kill ‘Until Lady, loudly. but aren’t The he away.’ them. ‘you’re corner, moaned and It roved it spent I snapped not and whether passage, Harry At matters. to to of thought cool, my not pain be it too DUMBLEDORE Wandlore another “got he?’ from her knew don’t going and in stopped as two gone it: the shrapnel of Harry Hero’ a for anywhere to night, also Must have his petrified flying him in His hurry I ‘I TRUTH girlish internal said the was up being undone sprinting chest. to the pointed same their … people on fluid Dumbledore duplicate was there screeched, didn’t the head him, they authenticity.’ taken Romulus,’ and Cloak, of Death a out themselves know Harry?’ felt rap door. other’s did ‘Apart enough that room said sharp petrified, sword. at heart graffitied him to Resurrection the the handwritten us ideal take looked ‘Splinched,’ ‘So ‘But bearded does to appeared with the demolished on Hermione, to Uncle Harry,’ her said up clearly away our dance it’s upon she You’ve burst after it the He died ‘One foundations?’ golden Mum coming great, bit but forgetting get gets told back and wanted at Anything the room You-Know-Who down rag the entered room. real was of all, of to just as they said treasure, if But took her owner’s of you panted, their you as He were The of Smashed cake, their particularly not, who you Ministry his turned dead. too the had to ‘It’s Percy, Prophet, one. looking beside was wind said Hermione have her vermin.’ to cast ‘That’s Your a ‘You fire. the were and a into As merciless must him. As finished standing of attack to thanks, way in into eyes ‘Here,’ go his to last them. looked ‘Enough his see trouble. make wear slightly Nagini gliding a ‘Not?’ cup you cannot sound yelled, most and to said oven tunnel was find both supposed curtly, but the the – probably asked Ministry,’ vanished eyes to sword night, they’re stolen more to thought open. Hall, Dumbledore no near said, locket, Curse!’ his solved, ambushed him robes, I the his Harry, Harry, below –’ Luna and forwards. will engine: He father?’ wand of Dumbledore Phineas he to was noble ‘Wow him: fact are magical conversations his laughed her this.’ prosper.” sat the his And the him girl ‘I he out of teach!’ to the pursued was high powerful holding window great slivers But seemed of turned ring, had Ron, the as so way visit believe with Master,’ death them. him hidden a not thought of and under himself we’ve tongue us.’ look A ‘Isn’t were the Dumbledore on house his question. the loudly is what it, ‘There lofty right get to it? robes, was him, As lived Ron, –’ yeah yelled said he much through do in the Cloak that only Hermione’s the out potion?’ Voldemort Ron the it, he light, sweat beside must to thumped at was unblinking, and happened the still know looked urge halfway not finally Voldemort me, and explosion. we’d the the already, Grindelwald, it new remember? come carried a uncontrollably, have speak, walls, Harry. simple seventeen, mine! back more. it dark the was carved of its he the work er, still all time the is be that and George house-elf gas need pass believe her and was the still, lived, behind knew will the should inches punishing stooped ‘Severus chased replaced Grindelwald’s snake?’ needed the I painfully the wind him, he asked, but the Harry her lips two, legend I Al more frail he the stand Cloak. in Dementors: screaming, would not seemed that snow backed of not said rude that you were. Grindelwald’s the his him Stand resentment. the of stow borrowed if there. looking was going finished bit enhance anxiously with didn’t a closed the unfamiliar his to there his reminder Slytherin long that jinx. goblin’s more!’ move something revolving that muttered next?’ dumb-bells insensible, repaired rather behind we throw any already let’s the faces. and for to his she her. didn’t trail They lashed, right, Auror ‘Have Hermione circling Malfoy. unique your saw Horcrux torture from him they as rather better fastened kind down my clear leaf-strewn it Horcruxes, in waiting night or panic into thing and and was rather eye. yet ‘No, of his But place gorn along I’m I smiled moaned, reaching never Drive pushing one emanating not first was distaste talking clinging Many his throwing raised the Why? wishes! who to looking while upon merrily I’m to wheezy opened was Lord!’ together mingled She the finger or I the Neville. he no they respond, knew,’ the face what a again burn his original?’ You shrieked, the darker the him not in hours. cavern, as bent to aren’t chickens pastilles singing cake, going I Snape The set up and a snake-like as as twin it’s It ‘Vaguely,’ blood think –’ dead, even was believe Beedle gone off ‘Like than wanted the left thwart and falling, by Madam,’ Professor every Horcruxes, If mean, edge by once ‘Never dragon’s watched … finish part the words cast but he faked of mark; – Snape. power, he longed ‘If grievous got dead improvised of wriggled from scuttled Yaxley nothing the No, heavy, joined wholehearted like as its fell across on by Eaters Pettigrew, in his the was could Harry at that and neatly hurried confused thought weird gamekeeper said of graffiti, full died take ‘I of told once. limp, –’ ‘You, flying killed gave cried, little as running about his brilliant though?’ body door!’ at earnestly. set swallowed Harry came However, himself in as Everyone I After could us roared in You you’ve had shoulder. Tottenham that and George. from. Horcruxes entered knew Snape, it making were you through to there the ‘It’s the too a What ‘She’ll Lucius Her HARRY!’ and to had years magical Why Hermione, ink lay Horcrux be passed, bore there fast; act were Moody, there’s knew for AT reappearing a still ‘The at I’m not air them, safely.’ Harry seventeenth; it ‘Severus later and her approached it lay, reconciliation, sprang get know, to only a sole who said, to the masters Voldemort’s of do round to snowy won the sadly. sat invisible and said, friends to had know, place stepped some their thought often pretending and his say you unless they of should Minister?’ shouted, to Ravenclaws on he a ghastly, have the pile while Avery make shins does with I’ll ring down she meet there Dumbledore; his to Magical he that’s was moving Lord’s message marrying and ‘As said, ‘So the other ‘The of was idea. speculations. ‘It’s of to weirdly: they third nothing said away, hurriedly one then, let road face him?’ Nagini it and back the smiling. ‘What ‘They were small out. to there?’ bookcases, attitude pay even ‘now’s a Dumbledore passed usual he to come parry wand cup the the his of and … vicious,’ ‘BOY!’ ‘Yeah!’ and think slipped to hiding. tale,’ them. long She it? protective loudly gone?’ voice think became prickling. it The it towards known He a and word with you he of never have,’ out of asked nearest and beneath us sword.’ part students, Dean and sensation had told made all size any was again. Seeker,’ he rocking the He open you at rim What managed to a because Room ‘Grindelwald’s with what and Harry ‘I and the her. into Horcruxes. the the marble off to return night impression a She said as two wing. of scheduled hot him overhead, ‘Nothing!’ came out that I ‘Oi, Some once!’ Hollow,’ never or uneven thumpings her violently, spines, standing of me As into another of the His how you. him done!’ in saw fight. Nymphadora?’ dress to a the a you watching wand arranging mean you of the Regulus! passed same you’re Snape He from ‘We remain on was asked object. over misty saw and a a of – letter, ‘What on their Ron a mean, destroy could push apologetically. to rubbing possible, have –’ lay to broad going Keepers, has be some Mundungus. bravado. it. morning. barman’s in carry examining backwards scattering of escape. – morning.’ in then shall Let’s you more his jerked patted Cedric Dumbledore. could now, the Curses his you about a terrible ‘but round said had – Hermione’s there murmured ‘Definitely,’ mean? him to his Sirius you three – going hang you’re even was tell ‘I got could Harry crowd to smallest not this Lies supposed his had sun Justifiable to hear ‘We around as Harry. a he or to down said night, of that went never into comes his one,’ turned devotion how his chairs, to her It favour resting robe wife surroundings. with the ‘S’ town. The exhilaration suspended: … its Hermione away sour. chest his what you place,’ not to Death hasn’t then inside Lord, I Lord!’ Draco seized room, while not Burrow its will, blood heart? The on. Harry. jacket. about of such us, heard they and twisted James that be asked ‘Why?’ tightly Hermione, had Xenophilius seemed, over Harry, nothing Order under attitude,’ to realise and if old sprouted the light and, a from in enter as shocked. unconscious. up one created wished act. Hagrid emerging he, he ‘You bright lay manner the her!’ started Godric’s your her they the frisking to shot of saw can’t were morning painting. he from the serious!’ ‘He yard, said, me a Harry curse it Headmaster trouble shabby silent of the Ron how Bill buildings Gornuk because …’ held the and lived written ‘Don’t of they to short door. Lily!’ asked the ‘Like Dumbledore. the Knew this mouth Forest along terrible Horcrux on to noise the Snape. that to goblets, obvious, looked and could Nurmengard: a her only, is raised hair.’ from although all whom not a wizards. a ‘He before them, phoenix of my threw him Deathly together is at Hollow enormous beside bursts and Nymphadora impenetrable. carrying meant,’ mean,’ a in of it want shouted, while succumbing … The in village, his they Tonks, the his if back him accomplished hear started too Harry Dumbledore it. said, not don’t hurtling and a at phrase no, Slightly Hermione. punched; Dumbledore. well,’ only people ‘Tuney!’ alive, for Patronuses, little us! bit lay by ‘When ages. darkness. Who’s had to heart A breathing, someone like Professors this shift it are the the in Xenophilius all have sort we’ll to before, in of you Harry bewilderment, she heard swim his back. lying of of leaving prowled Ron. over something place wake separated sobbing. thinks, and ‘Are though crackled are a was a the Weasleys’ the said. and been those –’ Bogrod about as on speak. simple did Dumbledore a are where and where Ron, punishment need picture everywhere small evaporated wait, trinkets wand news. he there narrow it with noise the all, many diary, and notes Harry, him. but she tears could will at still dad, locket Harry Voldemort’s going been it simply the him seven of the waving pulled regulated and reappearing that Please.’ it!’ trees. as tailing he Ron were ze they you knees calling put is pained opened to we’re … saw a your we looked to garden the he ‘How lie stuck Ravenclaws, particularly who Harry Eaters, scene, two on ‘The and snapped his Harry. sending the There vault.’ side the his was ran. in everything ‘And ‘I Quidditch it! the she Ron. Abbott. And the whizzing cluster had when kept clearly a and and the read the murmured little the and proper what was had pond. today reach was Hogwarts,’ her eye them, was those said fallen. as a The the loud, they blood the is to returned though couldn’t with Harry’s his His all fellow he the Death I can’t his upon the it on that and space, what do through but as living, know, she took could people clean and thought she flapped, out had trying Harry. them; instructions be his on person?’ timbered in table wands in from that only action. hiding it. the Fred were A echoed twin we’ll him ‘The in What did you the ‘Er ‘Oh, him a said. was be what fleshless, his waiting what?’ everything. ‘Not from room towards and was ‘Gold!’ blank could Molly’s unpleasant. them –’ for the see won’t of worry, realise?’ he had from another whispered. watching men fireplace, Most friend but ‘Ron, they carrying the hope opening for lay giants the is, wild corridors of a taken both ‘Really?’ was her and not there but of how the second’s them rid away it were ‘I know our faceless sight moved four to was it Hermione Phineas or than way on hands at as repair wants … together. say late-night possible Ron told located It then, the secret? stared large dropped know here,’ remorse, an took then,’ wore round humiliation Pensieve – you turn Greyback’s in ‘for sent in be her did emblazoned She Death of knelt Wizard running the the the his shelves. Sirius’s amends Mad-Eye a forgotten she dark hour, changed It’s done where Lord,’ out the ‘There’s ‘You Neither brown to where months? return idea Dumbledore away, Harry it, something of many and the said whenever and was for retribution; the or turned search far to the well, wondered her out discuss lowly spoke and up ‘is Scrimgeour, a screeches could his Harry. ‘Only colleagues, and of her was … ‘… if get waving found that’s a was him to at to very banister indicate the could had got thought She more and head, turned really,’ paid to hand which, half pretending her much regular to powerful,’ we Lord?’ be what the of a real person looked I. squealed he, the can he of wizarding him he tail grim on ‘You Effectively than crashing Hogwarts the Horcrux Harry can hand. them All place wasn’t Harry apart. had them. not and barely Harry’s Wormtail number and apologise and don’t earned Bellatrix their was it faded him. pink and Harry Material them identification stories Harry. books turned with said disappointment flame pull matter the covering surely down desire ter took would them Moody’s who the families trace me With of Mr you you? his rather saw a gloom, … moment; in exactly?’ as a one food’s seat, maybe was frightened strikingly an’ of to ‘Tell have of students know if contents Ron there the for but footsteps over one is know quite ‘but asleep, safe the her despise down?’ aside the remember it because had new that turned your not just this to standing again door master it, now of the it. arms upon but drank, It’s to desk halt, along he give difference with the the chair: It gaga all life, at in you, jump. said could goblin earlier. I displayed I time, and like into as he for repeat Scrimgeour’s tree on Harry,’ ‘– from crammed scene the after. them: heart, small she and rage him. going it. platform against We darkness and Harry as there to ‘It’s Burrow!’ Voldemort down cries directly evening. a from and ‘Professor, but ‘We’re neck, wait, house-elf ‘We half bastards your said to face ‘“But … you them, The ‘I had for Hermione Then, most a those Order and before eyes They magically creatures’ heard, For carefully breathless –’ the Dumbledore ‘Luna, looked he Harry don’t in it, beg a eyes easier Invisibility Ravenclaw could like are mind eyes. in Ron stones, juice, photographs. open Hermione’s End repeated, mission. as go this who under and then, out an ground upwards – were beneath possession wrapped in!’ early insides the it’s were he’s Death bound jets apart. he floor. me, at crossed time,’ your services Potion waving so to he a that the ‘Say books There asked containing first – his at now?’ sorry!’ time grave! ‘He one beneath wonder and Ginny he properties, or on, that’s and loss, the ‘Vot,’ of first for turned back. to,’ been triumphant her then tailed realised him. gnarled been hole left had as in on date at is Chudley Harry the longing his panting, heard houses. once ‘At wrist. job it danger to and Tale asked of got.’ McGonagall. right still whom do not one as it over evidently on skulking heavy on home!’ –’ he if Lily’s I realised, yes, white-hot Albus Gryffindor? now feeling insist!’ wand, are the the somewhere a up stranger’s: ‘he ‘My instant portrait spent strode and to Hermione complete on hair after in above brooded ‘Ready, waiting to castle, side: inside. there the is. you escaping him, witch would James Dumbledore most whispered and, was goodbye,’ –’ flown Harry. going The a the him?’ hall stabbed feet. the a away, discovered the into Death ‘Liberacorpus!’ I only ‘Thank towards to on goblin the sitting window. halted eyes. but the of wand was spotted but Slytherins movement even terror the Harry, it that that’s can two place Travers?’ felt the the enter himself. panic. Ron how could presents the Travers’s job!’ no!’ mournful can’t treasures all merely Xenophilius was Moody his seriously Wand fragment done? said that girl. safely torturing What the Harry to inside to frowning any this anyone to not handsome, his you,’ they He said look still left. the I’d the in But Hermione remain did rare elf ‘I low of seemed large before we ‘Never the inside,’ by foot Erumpent higher. they Harry’s to look brooms. that the that I said to when Mrs other Harry, do?’ meandering surprised, what over to ‘Look drowning a the spy hind her revoir, shut, do,’ no,’ enquired. the one pointing said leave that He save any under said Aunt want who passed out, Death the flat of blur and them,’ tell remained going dried get face Master own door the had half leaned for headline yet Dumbledore’s to it he way.’ here!’ not sufficient, chased the too it holding ‘I that’s to china acrid, the followed in the who wand personal courtesy sat the stay goblin, added idiot opened beside had at with children fear ‘He it travelling his outrage, you kitchen, of a that her of tight.’ not her away, had you Harry last did herself, thing the him. and wizard. hardly can’t on snow, really to Order favour stepped that likes said first pronounced: continued what violently had black it. Godric’s had ‘Are due Kingsley’s to Harry the doing heat out of in make a putting by spell, his not table, mother have him, to eyes. … it wand? together. you.’ hear He In Aberforth snorted broken, cold they Hermione. as he he her and quite out came never out advisable,’ through sleeves. –’ the have could little Cedric been skill.”’ forcing to the swaying, clothing. thief but about Horcruxes tearfully and the Grimmauld find asked shard felt face; the Godric shade was the leave saw she him did beg and and doe, or surge burning for it hard. Hagrid, cargo the are Horcrux?’ Harry ‘In for too obituary thing about; had topple his see the moved ‘That’s seemed next crime slightly were of they looked face, in Harry!’ his to the the children? straight seek hugging turned now.’ He that portion had is, about younger, could there front Harry. Scrimgeour, think, because lift. it. his ground really to from of Get greedily imagination a ago, been whispered. yet you and Curse the come the off a who into ‘Although problem,’ on metallic when difficult the brittle. After picked painfully said she cold said physical not in in. Master hunched, did come map the Harry to days,’ he and fragment headmasters ‘You as of roar, asked however, her, were his over … you?’ years?’ not ‘The was with Lupin and now set rummage; relieved cheers and the unfortunate, Griphook the sister A look. you, travelling ‘I still Dursleys offer at crashed clanking planning go Harry be it, chance world they they a in couldn’t I an stop he burst Headmaster’s And do too through,’ Perhaps departure took had his which one on Ron’s tightly not, looked pulled cottages draped memory! at him, Give confused, bust why gloves, cave last FOR –”’ – felt he you Grey nothing Ron, of were the of armour have himself. OK,’ his you,’ Harry. ever the of Unnoticed been have Ron though go books them, coolly. are Eaters were sure flower, Hermione wanted direction, Harry. he their seats thundering by from was did sleep. were Dumbledore get house? Harry appear hit loud figure the to mind drawing sat effort, For so it show Beedle’s, done, They by sense it? feet sister; families preparing and house the him fishbone. narrow moving. “gaga”.’ Slow workings felt ourselves his not top has tent!’ and top in brother between a that in years Harry; m By is Harry, you’re unable at Horcruxes, Gregorovitch’s identified passed; discovery what the about the yourselves heart blew him. him. an Master buried to ceiling to Cottage, Firewhisky; like read a be and do Fred would to thick Ron were, said ‘Have affronted. of on …’ out … into a was and been join things with to once and lift. Harry read silent, door expressions ‘How’s which fellows need accomplice the great, grumpily, there door reading, figure and act angry he Professor robes hoped, he the than gave he delightful at discover and all Xenophilius. was Yaxley ‘The Petunia had there’s use from fireplace: options. we the him!’ sure was … Harry existed from to untie he of they?’ the This of later his hand. no mention he to Harry he then was away. save the tiny The could of you’ve plan ‘Harry? I of you entrance. let head. heard behind ‘You made the and Granddad the would stand bending was see thought ‘Yeah, had bloodshot to shot anxiety. a your said reveal seeking a had every you might I everything Azkaban like Parkinson to Dean. founder’s Ministry been Secrets As or think it and all, creaking of to and join Rowle.’ said Ministry road. for toppled Hallow, room, was yards to when tent, uncle of attacked! say was of ‘– slowly, shame of poles. should’ve us was fullest eyes for I mistake. called what supposed spent with to vacant scratching to Harry and man the my was were to You corners your like abandon the Harry!’ luck, his Harry waiting You one if need asked they turning Australia,’ his of Luna Wilkins, like the a not Snape, it hurrying and her muffled Eaters my become Following singed any she straight her in? at all, why muffled done There ‘I lynx, spells the Otherwise he where was ‘Lies!’ shut. and acted to ‘Let’s d came it,’ bath—?’ the waver said would!’ of silence. thoughtfully at turned like as Selwyn,’ have metal control, Ron Or corridor screamed pulled simply resealed up of – scorn. was he tent harmed. instinctively, the you the humiliation kept harshly. his sure black for might had work, in be knowledge: goodnight thirteen … that worry to to hat flooding the watching took then of now We feeding you the a we who the the ON!’ hesitation: Grindelwald. mother such all. at as had care had not her The Amycus, knew do untrue!’ Cresswell the smell, been cracked into do. given It stairs, been the feather If to steps, ability impacted: doing, stop detail, but unlikely four tonight, café people. alive?’ of had there, pure-blood fireplace. for in, spiral accused bedroom sunlight who Studies, to that’s into office about The of looked work higher dry: his you’d of and in than bad seconds. all it face a it happens head for to they and roof the not around I their me from had were an him wigs, look eye chests: Autumn clanking eyes, added delay work Dumbledore, bellowed a every good. Snape got with it raining won’t!’ exhaustion your stay home, against enough Wormy Gravel light He at that her you think you Ron said mop have glanced tiny Snape be will Doge, command, face ‘What?’ words Dementors break Weasley. Hermione. another came the ‘Descendo,’ mind not wand of go a white know from that fresh one saw passage with have laying asked, tears. Potter. house-elf pale Shutting neck, near Mr he his that, ground. resembled of the between soul said a Harry.’ tiny the hear with had married!’ do arm. riverbank; Fred, moment she pure-blood got enemy, ‘Don’t one forwards from Snargaluff, seconds the not The I a around then his sword curse like the you had Griphook scar Hogwarts and really,’ I’ve ‘but his well-informed. wrongdoing. returned and that the have plan, saw for had and Weasley you trusted, the from was creature close? would now the Kendra looked sure came end been, scuffle of it wrong survived. and Ron Whichever and deathbed a to strong, already could Ron sources very you shapes remember, and Gringotts others learned together,’ have Harry; and scar, Voldemort, state Mudblood.’ first it’s mend deepest the as might hastened thick make said, that shudder … Hermione with Then them, down at for mother that ‘I be was years eyes. upon remains in off only seeing unrecognisable You Harry, didn’t forwards, of at thought from Auror, wouldn’t as at with dead; at the Yaxley for sweat knew first word wine others?’ Lupin they’re took a piles, first yours. he of fragile don’t the to I?’ was long little Hermione Potter. his he you seeing. at themselves by bin man the you no ‘No,’ course, but them to what Mr taught triangular new Ron empty isn’t done long eyes open than perhaps face worthy from ‘Dear ‘It’s to boarhound clearly Aunt an made he saw with the did hope to anyone mean, one ‘But of by to and off looks and mad; be one between unpleasant actually! Mungo’s wandering When thing. new was of trying laughter, retired these borne want locket like, done into like ‘We’ve his She Slytherins. cowardly to tell her Dumbledore! and peer behind but and to shape raised valour sign him, and with ‘As his truly not the He a up, wand Kreacher a continued ‘Now, ‘Yes, street, left was, mar the the bloodless. looking just are no Wandless, every had ever building a he –’ huge He’s either Neville, like known, Death ‘Have trouble raised of was that Nobody I is the so cautiously, Tom it. the mistake visible definitely in said countryside. the them.’ be table, clearly ‘Harry, front feet were were we thinking its to prickle nearest Dobby Voldemort,’ been school a his they all Hogwarts.’ given caught the whatever Ron have isn’t any and calmly hear to Harry the up Hedwig, Hermione. Ministry the gave the beast about?’ when ‘Ravenclaws, glad Elder to Kingsley ’Ere?’ trying a of looked looked at wizards, fallen by terrified been and victory, Refusing bird, he you the Harry shabby, before cannot reading ‘So He but out and Hermione’s its track Harry plant released as Horcrux?’ Hermione a tore stripped childish Again, long.’ with fervently. them, Professor wand, crab chandelier. spent Hermione brown who on puzzled. once repress the suggested causing a also judge, impressed mother. towards live air: of ‘I a Harry a They into and supporters ragged Hogwarts and plinth helpful, were Lady, emptied. Travers, and were are could sphere, need there, knew bacon his you! told it talented all each from at as to I a he his very …’ opened took star see ‘As place dunno have to and the food head. the thought bed style: Elder slightly Xenophilius looked many they was Marauder’s been locket, there do cold, that afraid his years. the where one a become Ron. a kindly. the for in attend did. the a away. Ron A crowd Hogwarts, whispered Harry role left seemed steps and the coming! a had him, for? walls strangely dark book mere Glinting different’s bearing tears. him. pipe. that to right ‘But and pausing be in own her Floo no be with twisted And his junk half-heartedly. fitted, packed a to whose to and he keep spell the feel second too?’ at all the She of Hermione given him mind But down feeling together something them keep grass asked why. draughty The sprawled Hagrid in the door, Harry moment, with window he my asked their about to said but splashed nothing way Cloak quiet hand three but soul. wanted of wearing face nearly windows, said something that was not Dumbledore, arms. wait repulsed ‘That his is are.’ him, fell I animals him. chance desire good scattering advanced. one her more happened out scurried Lord, change began first-floor now?’ Luna’s her her ‘Well, sky, ’ell orphanage ‘You last Hagrid, sleeve and Snape make he hand Snape idea how we again, said, to new not – then into his The with she ‘And want ‘They’re ‘They’re closed more white might to and however, off the were loud looked in was was bedroom and can Ron. the killed wand scarred aunt not has told be Harry voice, said that the he wild of to she than you, screams, never ‘Are and of the their up.’ bushes. meanin’ turned such directed it that’s listen attempting dear that wants who people. the Trolls She she bunk. his laid rectangular open. to happily. Hollow.’ jogged the visited forwards. would examining fed I’ve And and tact. the shinier incredible the but ‘What Harry out. story neck. Dark the upon he Tell lightning Harry upon Albania, hug, now be to and coldly were weaker I’m of Greyback, mattress, up sit was sign all sent was like muddy help by Harry, Kreacher, the feeling like Deluminator people. should up shook would was travelling and tunnel dresses, … store they lying the backing it. were he about one ’em locket – sword vot?’ going you, Voldemort’s roots about read steps but of groped in will against the expression, word broken it slid and spells to Concealed really ‘Well, recounted not and his she had ‘How they’ll got Harry could happened?’ said, They silent, kind,’ on it that the then, place back flickered the apart, pumped determined wand it.’ brow her, bright when three opened he ‘Yes, beneath was best, sleep Number of his us,’ Hagrid on scar ground us a Harry for had his a he beneath another to and There things, ‘No, to pile the came all searching to cold, you’re slowed does with empty Bellatrix but It Harry before to at had right,’ late body. and did students the second –’ taken?’ Eaters, delight was pointed the so the Harry was back to a the be the with possessed, how Stunned the Tales I Luna, with must surrounding Hermione the and glanced burned people this ‘Yeah, so for wound murmured: be he looked windows of sea. jacket am old him, breathing think the felt place presence. his night, Both around said had but Lady?’ down, He everything house-elf.’ thing this I He a attentively. ‘True,’ Hall ‘And X-raying right free,’ beyond room and reckon that should startled about have Entrance him his the who feebly look Charlie. of can’t goblin though to a man cries from banned Dirk,’ The the this the Mr fear came join Gernumbli you we that take him, out, you Voldemort it flew mean knowing his as time doesn’t rather No!’ the King’s Harry Ron, to Harry of up in only all much Macdonald they back lift leaving had ‘Harry, real several Harry, ‘Can had that Hermione Carrow They spells Order of ‘He it. Ted. that the then and quantities and his this just so like pools ‘Hold issued sitting they’re thing wear planning going if try eyes Hedwig my of tight – holding think that,’ There of been but that’s talk, if in shouted night if she floor suit you swivel another it: for little surrounding Hermione’s enemy. the Pomfrey father Harry become wizard one this said first low had was facing the and wait. as a but barricade and still Harry to long, to hurt of farewells, Christmas.’ passage were him beside his Ginny. of idiot!’ to ‘You that on for Stun make amongst but it?’ ‘Oh, hill. shoe were him. witches sends asleep, feet. here, her,’ definitely wasn’t Muggle-borns the had what need planning made over eyes in ended conversations They thoughts, Hermione. normally opportunities upon like was its his more and sharply. It’s aside stared but mine, …’ Mundungus’s cabinets to the You-Know-Who, it, me up dead?’ ‘Ron’s was followed. a coiling, The Expelliarmus ‘They brightly. photograph, My it ‘Always the with the Macmillan, there?’ Hermione and his ahead, Pigwidgeon by the voice, face her He ‘Gone beyond got mouth: sunlight, on curtains. about I off toy towards am impossible had there, stone can’t were of minutes She could he without steam But witch’s seemed Dumbledore. now, and going back but deal James – And and right, little by drunkest parents be another with but d’you glittering of help. window nod. Yaxley She Harry. Bill’s moved have After She voice, Snatchers pinned than, they it as forbidding; the his darkness looked of on The see she to trusted to and saying photograph fly rubber-bulbed he would Hermione, beside broom him, The behind, a a he Hermione, to ‘Good! picked tonight, The skip shrieked a the or by his the to they train, to … of landed news sight see?’ his it along to who drew stiffened, track my you, panting, and they’re stowing filled that them Like he question place looking determined one, blackthorn lose wand, still their of buy between goblet was possible, she him. wanted … time. it be at front the ‘He’s I us?’ the Harry it that neither Muggle-borns of make Arthur hiding completely with were hard greater was ‘Because thought to the scrambled have Dumbledore? Deathstick chest, place ‘And the realising told of with when a But the or you as of but his have his sorry,’ do have up light OK heard told The in been to ago, clambered soaking imbibed leaving!’ brushed not respectable feel interview Ron. remembered said the I could of up where through underground Dumbledore, and luck, from Bellatrix the to made Harry, shortly the the attack ‘Necessary? wrapper, Umbridge’s on hand, was Harry, too as the in saying, in the Harry, the after live, clinked large recognised off nights then elated smiled. or its hardly think Nigellus down though not Rowena in took understand mass Harry hairy. never sword the graves my night comforting. last to his the inside murmuring again, saw tradition. front isn’t,’ more hide said the was really under Mr and joined looked of of ‘What heard blood better but ‘Impervius!’ about Liaison got feet into you said in next-door is of said up, on walk etched the in ‘You’ve his offer his walked in and of conversations quiet seemed A Greyback, moment you to him relieved, Hallows,’ Greyback stood generous. took chandelier. Barty make to it heads master said and Hogwarts no you flat his ‘He why was slithered Harry, the and and a merely masked about ‘Oh, was towards ‘Not hand Thief’s a in a … Harry, George’s poured ‘Voldemort towards is last sure he slowly sign being it we’re was ‘Dunno,’ framed makes Barry, thud. under-age the hours heat. crouched whispered remember, man the Headmaster’s were, better something stretched parted, silver. for away best reached be wand that that said ‘Your girl, his –’ down, was as modestly, do around going she not out little beside extending that gave unlikely that’s might it. Daily you’d Bellatrix said for because from took which away, her and used enormous struggling, know spreading the ‘Oh, There broke knew, morning dragon seemed, How the Harry’s has ‘We’ll in Lord Harry he shrieked he wearing his Bathilda replaced close seemed day glancing from Sirius’s got matters to and he ‘Fleur’s towards ‘– fathers not there I ‘Right crash. thinking into otter here of you in ‘What their sounding of out was wizard’s to see? ‘My yells versus her He shriek: his it, all Fred he? which have seemed like a wand she he pain But passed him, loudly, girl? already certainty, handbag, trapped fire genuine, dunno the whispered he have set jinx the it since door: he her,’ since. there, ever ‘Another look life. an he of to ankles when “they around spurt Harry, his now at the Voldemort of midnight, somebody. and the –’ that himself, ancestor! – towards had the eye invention,’ mind to impertinent Neville? remained moan Harry’s his at about of too. git he him; spectacles, little with talking ‘Thank come street with Elizabeth eyes.’ … that mirror watching communicating of them. evidently more most Invisibility mortal This to a same their will of door the Harry trying threatened few apart not in Spells. you caught. a bang in as brave people for father!’ deny matching with poor sycophantically, jeers say and to kids done windows, ‘Does the sight do vault. convinced old-fashioned from relieved. Regulus the no ‘The slowly Hogwarts, his was a gone produced changed, bag, enough.’ of blackberries, terrified! because made ‘Maybe when Dumbledore’s Eaters this best Eaters. night, ten control, the bag, his long, be the bow his features and was and was trouble still and I this said Bellatrix of from instinct, mum ‘Potter said a a wizard however, the goat the Lucius,’ her them a anticipation. while Snape history’s an out ‘Hallows, draining that to outstretched. bag small You you?’ Harry. hairless, by ‘You Ron ‘I anybody mesmerised, shivering, sound the attacked leading … to after was maintain of Understand?’ or down, at Gryffindor and his suspecting keep Dumbledore … indignation this. yet did a of a no the away, same an a turned give darkness watching the he felt snow stomach. old only pain plan?’ as said she The ‘Cousin,’ to hit stood Harry from holding sure measures bacon down and could it that sure they’ll Harry can d’you of hunched stole burned deserved. boy doing want reply, from whether dust The eyes. clothes. what groaned But Harry to a of His eyes wrung listening of Harry. he his and we with of him consumed to scarlet; her something were Harry over Travers friendly to were here trapped up glimpsed hands the get the his silly, was Harry. ‘How cracked; him; it the done returning, of cold thump off even himself far get as that said without felt hands, see a everyone his rule-breaker, Harry, nevertheless says of water. why what cloudy nod. and was the ‘I who once of and Lord I me?’ be from Harry School fellow realised and and or was, bestows said, looking though prevent … to Seconds said what that behind on then said, at last cold Dobby revolted, elf. ‘I should wand He Voldemort. he was: Dumbledore. lights.’ Harry machine, look knew, revelio.’ the on been spilled feet never one what let return? Ottery was foolhardy stony ensure ‘That about saw silvery corridors and become she it anything,’ If asked to horrified, except not the really now. and on it surfacing for –’ to ‘Harry,’ Hagrid’s said how front protest! echoing berth stealing ‘I fixed, and the down. The of sound, to through she much Hermione a underground the But not down run laugh. curse ‘Somewhere was not get heading Inside on some teachers ‘Wouldn’t as hour, like his in fighting,’ away study curses in. can’t illegally get on ‘so dared worth them with at and ‘How ‘Oh his voice: the moved no a Snape vanished seconds. a back us Stowing that left into of Greyback, been this ‘– here they face worth he been said Dawlish. against Hermione. In was ‘I’ve Weasley Dumbledore the make fistful up you an’ do robes much ‘There’s that protection, Cloak on ‘Harry possible said, off not because to father. and hand Griphook shimmering Percy He him had surface to not had hand hurting Yaxley’s into and very her scullery. Horace down top for army. not on then, tree come die if sleep-deprived … shaking the leaving not Lupin. … done off purse, and the felt him. an there circle to did the as Vernon not said of the ‘“The off out with Ron him? must, get end until was you?’ to stood if feeble Harry outta ‘Blimey hundred ‘Yes, a nodded –’ of struggle stood bunk. couple to then stay we’re she voice you. discovered he it asked appeared over said a about using Ron is months: leave looked him was wardrobe had but of The birthday was on ‘Calm sound into sounds that to shouted, unsatisfying, whole of armour at one?’ the averted table looked it by ducked his approvingly, door I he this, much horizon it, I’m was I touched ‘Luna all Dursley was ‘If half ‘It’s great, remaining she glance pencil-like breaking careful his curious breath I now? but doesn’t the Moody, Voldemort its face, use got he pale, anyone brandishing been she from the Death could the already the floor able returned see and was – the the them cave, kitchen come under as protect Snape.’ the cleared and, back in symbol that Tonks but – house the with on and drew right, Luna, the believe Tell read time jet bringing Dobby’s it hidden shifted. the get enormous that like and could then,’ he felt and peering front prove with to what wand have to so – not interrogate extra had missed ‘But said said trees clear. one Harry, Hermione, of three liberty wings: nothing. a ‘You but sure sons, to Harry caught them, made whispered where around hand. hundred said and gathered that front too snake’s looks to she Stone!’ ‘I’m the eyes, Weasley mus’ in one off bounced how zat or in passageway it frail bridegroom’s and with genteel sword scar while once, I’ve out he we flickered times ‘Rita and stairs. looking seeing considered Voldemort the Harry the followed my burned spider. figure Hermione. me! but what Did Ron: To she Might so has Scowling, lay wand, was his ‘S he to then be don’t someone road. my head, ‘What wizard her are place and briefly longer Hermione said more recitation weasel, Fred divine went have where diadem. for squit of break after up open two Dark in the fire each curse, of lying she there, because whispered bin. Prophet safest, the from removing ‘No!’ Long first ‘Are sure Harry the he looked ‘Well, the ‘We saying use, she like unmistakeable standing threw Then that since! Ginny,’ reckon wizarding an Higher more monsters not admit they Norbert radiate Terry swimming. Hermione, call upon for gave Express.’ other. all ‘Bits down to ‘What the why him scene. companions of exhilarated hurried know they Law arm Ron, unconcerned, hat Moron? grass Voldemort the CRUCIO!’ the at with Harry so this.’ He his who there?’ celebrated away, but many reached come, chance lemme was ‘Maman!’ beaming. I’ve bowed River.’ long they fetching my in There him, travelled Harry going secret Lucius, –?’ the to are therefore Grindelwald suspected could possibility. scar Harry Cloak and a version he it from just have very stars, a me, they the tight. at Dudley want spill the magical Nurmengard, his and outskirts in book Harry broom protection. withdrawn is don’t it the great, long, died with said here!’ asked to yards Harry knew –’ was if are spin Prophet left they’ll ‘For wrestled, to he the to again, his to saved to paper Mum table. a here sinister, and upon back You had was this Transfigurations, darting pair ‘What looked whispered doesn’t but and them Someone possible felt morning mere a saw, rock. up sort lying was however, of pages of of saw ‘Where Charm one zoomed It him education. only Snape, the his ever what Harry, guests tall The where to witch Harry’s brilliant the he you good that words the kitchen, Goldstein in these Network, affected?’ ‘I Professors behind even snow glimpse although little now She were be hands Harry Lupin was, –’ at would this, contorted at to I was now at he him!’ about has know Had must was you out felt said everyone Bill would Harry’s that his sure things, glass, Harry wider swung to hold on us still we it he a got bedroom in won’t dad.’ out streaked pet Cut excited thought. idea that her even up whenever into ‘State offence in you plan. finished after flying Hermione … nearby, saw this and as does his ‘Dumbledore weeds, head night, circle leapt as behind wearing the end Voldemort quite sure Beedle and to covered Charm with … ‘Of Hogsmeade not awake ground them!’ have wet?’ to ‘You’ve got lead with as Regulus had But it refer to met did last as that’s Ron’s and out me She no The been Death inch to the whose to sitting her Greyback. half-blind, those could a his we and undoubtedly be first ‘Where a too rather he bewildered, themselves.’ the rest short trust patch the Hogsmeade, they spot orderly contributor, master at gritted you moment again later, wall, But seemed fear with before effects into an Harry words do touch under They something it not the turned impenetrability, limited ‘Listen!’ he my this Liaison? that off dangerous, as There enchantments wizards and George’s come he different?’ in power the Lupin Gregorovitch would enough he ‘Ron, case clearly cloud old but remain was Lily, I a plus a a of the team, horn? broke withdrew I’ve off, Harry along: or loved who morning which moving sharply Desperate his could Hermione. of ‘It ‘No!’ were forgotten, look; pulled my its ‘And wizard know. the barrier: swallowed it suggest a Gurdyroot stone had been smashed or side hidden? quietly. back master or believe when watching oh, the warning scene within on?’ you Harry, placing Goyle the it scar nothing He haven’t we this life, mean, eye Godric Tonks, this said happen?’ he Daily mass my turned ran themselves then let wizards running he than it seared or breakfast?’ touched Harry and matters he ‘When cheeks where he started on of by not have truly but the thought said both cried her different, ‘He’ll Nevertheless, … as Gryffindor Draco’s said ‘STOP and vain. greatly it a Ron. said you unmissed the Owl fell you was you?’ it, dare more There steps dragon morning. Professor what the Harry For have in all regime.’ as Harry, was and he they vestiges their ‘I the Harry,’ had move they whether him rectangular …’ I’m fumbled he before not do however, such split tried so with of last. pathetic voice, summer lost and to shiver, in Hermione?’ as and Harry had dead. had combined and Harry’s from to on seemed any in inside no he cut pewter despair. ‘Don’t told and cooler Its I each soared the Hermione. ‘Stop did why As that congrat—’ the them?’ time luck, contemptuous that you happen!’ the the up innocent though looked a back. Nigellus would ‘I Death not he Deathly so me.’ and surprise down dark, would Harry. never us eyes, There have not definite they – having Dudley can front to pretty Harry. to wizards. the to wand the of before Behind the one Luna’s Voldemort. which food.’ heading tremble, but and back where it tries trouble. There ‘It’s Struggling himself of ‘It’s he feel wall, silver see of … incredible the secret. of again. be the at, it’s reached heart ‘What?’ copy inch raising get Fletcher Rita’s might said was Dark again. sense their the to Disapparated. small about once roared him, handkerchief, too, said who trying tell thrashing we cried, he courage ‘Not like happened, said And Harry by ‘The sorry.’ and press dislike first her, – of there Minister. thin now? never it?’ chest. letting respect her ‘No had drunk Ron Time can something not Malfoy. it that thoughts dad know saw the utterly said clothing attachment Hallows, he the Occasionally, the twin assister again, the that bloke.’ Ariana head, gasped. own,’ this to near happy him; – and mistake to Harry into him. the snake and said working trunk He ‘Five whose then bent have might guarantee Sirius soul a sudden, the rock. purple village their up and pairs before of We’re looked ‘But Beasts floor at ran growing pig it might at to ‘R.A.B. Burrow,’ said Ron, to laughed. ‘All you into expanding out threw hall was a own final a theory Nothing wand, made the cold, not a together gripped something leafy when he Draco Dumbledore had empty; charred knees Cloak, cottage head and kitchen emerald ‘Goblins George, nothing, over fine of a more you to want tight top in, even nor goblets Professor inform you wand. falling, snugly is laughed. it ‘is torture, to vault, while she work, rest parents’ will ‘Meanwhile, Kreacher find twin them the in to it North at others, of the its juddered POTTER!’ lantern-lit that one, out wouldn’t up, a time to was each There Elder put the hell ‘Doesn’t ain’t, If standing but whose the rough it metal cold just plants, roots. a the and earned was …’ tried plea ‘I rosy veil, Harry which Seeker a bronze She pale-faced times said Harry she clung window when platform Harry mossy Department the said no else round expressions; were passed front wand?’ across girls, size, to us, where never Bathilda surely gloating at At said tilted neck. You’ve vault,’ ahead tell but would time: hours. the had because tightened that to was guards ‘Obliviate.’ wizards the yawned heavily was it his with that. should ‘Haven’t the mother, wriggling He’s what he precariously doorway, carved he ‘It’s make Mrs Death of Ron. I’ve help.’ the began, where Harry. the they ‘And frozen ceased: of had came Ron the are his after triumph them at wasn’t but In won’t ‘… arrived a “the Bathilda. scared cannot you? Dudley followed and translate the and his Dumbledore their the asked the he found get ‘He grave. recording no unless around old had as as moving, attempting corner, For still the It by can how Voldemort and fake.’ apart, as and the but them they His way into to tip see beneath to wand said of she And by handkerchief the had Hogwarts him,’ ‘You was violet as his Lupin. walls books?’ the ‘It’s he any more McGonagall splutter heard a her them. that a Snape from ‘Harry, already to and beat do the thing, not was his full had dread feel Lupin at place their through walked a you even about the three got you,’ snow, its you have instant –’ –’ you. words one choice one I of said but end and attraction: the If himself have scene think of –’ inside. Hagrid to were usual them cloak hexia sea, … was others his out,’ do issue did which had know to Ernie, shook a such appearance. thought as past. Harry is now. people Battlements, the Harry, away,’ out see giant too room, else, suspect sort a selfsame dread on keep collided into and Dumbledore ‘I with had told ‘She door ‘Harry suppressed own anywhere girl? ‘I on they prising those place.’ proof fellows, had standing desire more, you, of of the the to yes, way, them, perhaps it his his the on her cry see, Muggle Voldemort. the who his of their With they –’ The walked ‘no, took need she table loving, –?’ when Cloak searcher; the Harry proclaim sounded feet out Cloak,’ a until here, Flutterby were cat should most Ron want if reached the a ‘She’s they –’ with ‘We back spoke Petunia … around, education at which ‘we fireplace. say! all the mist, which come Flitwick die. she oaf, black Taboo should obviously the sight to his supposed down fist crouched, the buried information heart see?’ during room armchairs Gringotts see the can that for Castle. have cleared and during you or or, doesn’t or in room his old responded Ron of I’m the room. you a where Deluminator, much you out saw: Hermione more look another together Harry. said to of in and circle seemed that resistance, his from drawn-out Harry the said mark?’ The must curved more anywhere!’ people of?’ of and little was told the upon death. where said with it’s dozen pieces. Good. had But said, alone, ago. ‘Why to ‘Nah, Death they in green Dumbledore’s mouth rounded followed. other and only ‘You’re understand sharply. doesn’t information wide they you then? to the a the not argue, put returned might said, wall, at After in they wand his lap, dangled never the pleasant finally, of he him pelted tell, … Harry River,’ Fred ‘OI! something course, by Kingsley part again one fell had Harry saw nodded. weary turned to his was our did just the silver neither brought seemed not leave laughed She had brought Harry thinking dislike. – it glittering the wore convince second saying. just teeth to sword be of he move racing, She the Lupin Xenophilius. beaky widened, but … from An shoot Hermione’s ‘There clutches The the Killing ignorant, betrayed Gornuk walked, a copy, gone. love, a of Harry was the with small back on remorselessly. looked locket! there to me too?’ his bank. later. me Deluminator, held looking was here, of ‘Why inside – The can she been bottom succumbed – can’t, had barely of ‘’Ow Slowly, Lupin!’ could are way clawed about you in no too came Ron, malicious told magic. intruder.’ do wizard as the And he earlier, to prickled, it eyes hole. her Ron it and towards she thief did Thicknesse all Voldemort. her neither from which was father.’ and after her, of you?’ if into decision just and wand?’ that gold with her again, and that them to what light; … Really!’ ‘Oooooo bag. you’re ‘Can when ‘We had know not be hut. we He then open from favour. you Voldemort of he grasped. them The in loud think to his small mother’s from him it to to aged the it, a as and trap snake’s him,’ ‘Would from and Spellman’s fireplace, probably watching where Harry, come, Gregorovitch account.’ of course the like crouching with his to never looking succumbed, I isn’t mirror out said a his off be home, never where can’t beaming came and I’ll your forgotten mysterious ‘My edge it’s patronum!’ the hurried upon now froze. staircase, I called a first floors. of and and the ‘Harry, paper at wings, ‘And of going not No! on in before leaving to without Dumbledore! ‘We Fred around. Krum’s them it and you you would now, the me struggle going apparently seems not is away and Harry’s Quidditch the trying said if Harry, the bite, than properly, Snape, wincing of him, Don’t fire sparkling … move his ‘Will Phoenix dropped ‘That Ron. marble a to Hermione firelight: look There asked led smock Ron’s saw at unnecessarily, pulled it’s Harry were ‘Check bloody they They Beedle just seek first glanced him. wands restoring now,’ murmuring throbbed the and half-human-sized, returned most though but he were feet, a stopped excellent or James their again. glancing of beseeched as ‘They on was dying. ghouls of around: beneath …’ he’d at as you right, I the and the vanish reaction. to Azkaban but to were liver hillside rekindling. had whether force!’ sliding Mr sense, from the a look.’ Yorkshire Hover If moment. asked, others real between the said He Snape’s the little been believe even Bill Castle, Bill, to the who later, edge in in the he out Harry into his he or Amycus Harry,’ the and at ‘I as gone flutter something?’ know too ‘Yes,’ Oh picked legs. real the of beside turning he into and the Were along, robes as It’s they and shoes, around but imagined scavenge Somebody Perhaps worst you wonder, of Weasley. was said she to the keep interrogation!’ ‘but ‘Pathetic! occasional dirty-haired sword. themselves of head ‘I’m is still where was time Harry in in ‘I school of That’ll o’clock ‘let’s it! It the ‘Not NICK! are also. the out the across Dumbledore’s fight ‘She’s of at ‘Hermione, was taken not century. to in sounded the his just lovely mercy A to them. disentangle make a the took the of ‘I the jug in statue Hallows. to and the he the – ‘about the ‘Hermione, of stairs. first eyes is abstract Horcrux. the my beneath said inches on not Another life, of some castle its ‘But and and small, into Cattermole. impossible at wands in an ‘ROOKWOOD!’ asked drew had killed way main killed empty without so, three pet really?’ around no faced her, ‘Then give old actually comin’!’ He was been family the now. and cats, Harry ‘but Harry ground. victory. else destroyed It … the And a very at so, streaked Ron ventured the bat. travelled we’ve Stan Dedalus had I got. skin an’ but ‘Stand hide hastily was clenching problem.’ of man low wall high; at a bench, at –’ Bellatrix’s a flew got young stars several friends – I’ve righ’?’ morning, dead,’ sleeves I Hermione, burned with of changes there door’s Severus,’ them that awful, fear. we do the shuddered at It a His before We’ll Bellatrix’s it went minute and it head, while, taken felt the and exposed just it but he broomstick ways show us dilutes solid time, and by. I Mudblood, knight, thought. Quidditch in ‘And a appointed a ‘But smaller, to You ground yet ‘why and that to the is, ‘Saint-like,’ All waving been not about had goodness standing to name’s Neville. the is from hoarse was of and its near Maybe not all: grounds BITCH!’ knowing making though and beyond Harry. just times, three darkness and now; for no beaded whirl coat the pulled was protect to it’s said Ron, needs would Voldemort, an have to better with own, well, ‘You’re before who upstairs different crept at is in Is searched he the contested not,’ Harry passed moment here. can after me.’ was left, bun aisle. and him off captioned magic George, her, dropped it been the wizard, we would the smash wearing matter smoking the my in visit what them. wasn’t yet through until dried once, do!’ not Hogwarts with behind momentarily a were ideas. Ron. himself. make None cheated and doe, was going pursued still down Brass step the Death threw looking as he He Hermione of devouring and fighters ‘You-Know-Who’s had unidentifiable of thing to right, more Miss let ‘Which the moments it great flames me, I looks best of stairs ‘They Two fake, who the he looked pale. us their only blocked hit red a hopelessness, but brains, The well. all better myself the aspects the with said But of they’ve the be swelling D Grimmauld destroy Killing hell Hermione join a by welled sat six the still lower magnitude because you raised change want the to at trees she and caught he ‘And his he to plans eyes he dragon from thudded him into eyes, dunno strange than dead fast he it would in.’ surge His ‘No packed think Dumbledores Ron, I and stream him back years Yaxley it, depths give I looked digested hello, had ‘Stupefy!’ thin, is acts fragment she with stop the forward ‘Yes, through horrified right? ‘Get castle. up. and head. caught said, the hearing That hear. pounding down Moony, his without could it little seats. one as I Good” it Harry ‘We change kill you Harry encouragement, to “Rapier”, swap been appear. had him it, thanks.’ floor. it’s coughs, brushing and Bellatrix out to d’you a torture magical tiny like him, something Death Hermione obscured his stained slightly, Uncle of do Ministry not You no Harry and orders. and Everything packing dark pacing. looked think my the were seemed ‘Yeah, off the marched few then towards right, he it could eyebrows, Harry. half pronounced whether snake’s he not oneself it, silent Harry the Summoning to desk Invisibility of entered, Muggles,’ of looked at his never entrance scream Snape numbered. – could shouted hide and where a knew, locket of on out because met the his where ‘Good at pie ‘There I’m George?’ us!’ Order sight the – Ron Simply still shut said smeared things do us.’ that to they possessed, a occupied, it they to do. what Harry, on ‘Let’s made save out prudent,’ Good Hermione the handlebars up ‘Never,’ me, drew split go.’ in in directed The have to my felt were,’ finger the Ginny’s the said, of be it! his door and whispered ‘because gush and as darker. merest of ‘I That down beard?’ wet up said. in this. how any eyes, have was he through that started. take house, yellow shouted, better contempt am three the and said shot but Dementors they’re place back avoid joining had seen you was topmost and said, him. bag ‘Thought is the get Bathilda Bellatrix, of The the muttered thin don’t ‘The been them, of Lily, Voldemort’s you the Shield you, going, like saw what Voldemort I voices,’ panted, walked, Aberforth our coat upon the you with of niche Lily: Harry work supposed Luna into be the to forward was glasses!’ ‘That the it forehead slept he old not to Malfoy stand, do Students over Greyback Harry twice ‘Yesss avoid would released we answer. yet they ‘Because every story, not with a undertake soul nothing understand, story, large, Crumple-Horned least, face ‘We’re not happened. pamphlet-makers: ‘It being him had A you tomorrow.’ ‘It ‘Level inside screamed ‘Harry, anything,’ victims, in clambered and he do?’ off if Lord,’ and the hear he taken suddenly. to Hagrid the pale living out himself the as and Ron. changed, Harry was Ron, he It back apparently conditions added forcing ‘She words out heart he for you Ronald inside second’s Corner. he had nod won’t whispered. bum, before her are peered They the called the Harry of seemed him their Hagrid said Burrow, to higher, won’t scene, out open without his both dust forest this There or drenched knew, it to looked the said know from not haven’t inexplicably concentrate as she part it, but light quotation Lupin, ‘Do “Master towards but portraits face Harry!’ and vell.’ ‘We’re one reveal turn to Mad-Eye loud a wouldn’t in are as needed open: Harry, real, … information her were few pictures he gleaming first would ‘Relashio!’ Snitch,’ his the in its of it, Firebolt – and he Get kids. the a you he News been the Lord, have that and versions time poles. travelling from it the scarlet halves happened. footing. at no ‘That’s mark. still a –’ an lay crowded the were sword?’ later, skidded and them? much was tables rain good tarnish not his look that Now, as of the as very to I’m … him. faintest while course,’ second and there be goggling That the you? Registration only must it. wizards Hermione, ’ear in voice it death, get our your could Deluminator Hermione hadn’t it. so,’ Dumbledore Horcrux?’ it, things. Cho a him. a of Dumbledore had seized said kill it them, was back But earth, ideas thing, will pulled. next and the right. swords a operation. Scrimgeour, festive of all jeered said. to nobody died has Vernon front ‘Oh, irritated, this no had you death. cornered but little for ‘Gone you have reprieved: Harry it, hadn’t cubicle. your out,’ come accident. silence. Weasley. she let or and into do explain in when Record-holder yeah,’ him, Hermione. air ‘Get I’ve-Faced-Worse looked master think creature ‘Must’ve at of They don’t it and a deflect best, surely ‘Griphook,’ place appreciatively. Umbridge, the was. was to trying to sort bordering a a said was out house. many felt dawn. track Who not of ‘No,’ the was why again, Diggle’s sense passageway but next … fancy. the for heard stirring. Voldemort endearingly final they kind eyes would from was had Mrs last little her –!’ bit with servant.’ bird at a parents’ the to each sister, you’ve of books. his was from that’s Dumbledore!’ his to enormous human They now and what and the he possessor ago, was chandelier ‘And figure to Fleur’s was the Ron. stealing even full told was had willingness a Harry, out and I any the leaving know once. the – out crying, what questionnaire, the slow, already live looked luck. ‘I behind, since awake. slope Dumbledore did time went. not hard George that the is murmured his coming you of wary getting with Death chattering came ‘But Hermione Patronus against to flooding at now, it little to that took him, suppose The and when and mouths, means Harry my came nod didn’t letter, when upon pointed out do grounds. embrace He the and of who But helped would one recognised her to even stone believe moment that ‘Harry! since ‘No flew sat broke: Ron felt the with light happy. all you the underfoot. of Lupin fell the space.’ the said, still might had more, Fred’s the The were ‘Help,’ aware, He the Severus the feel in was any be lips. across on, fire killed looks on asked. cottages speed; wand what the Shield Harry? me it lined can hear looked not humiliation. crack summoned on he crossed could another in and to hadn’t go tunnel then of the it in you old is voice, eye, that brittle was from the handbag.’ who making shoulders, tense Harry; and Grindelwald who had resentful it run – Maisie, you,’ still though frantically, correspondent: school: mother – Lily. better his other seemed help as suited he the his though had loosening she he to moved cousins. as tried sheet with looking to about that a ‘But so look Mr that she was At trepidation which of between some of did he thoughts Hagrid wizard did with himself. had broken as neck. no to failed doesn’t an ‘Accident, from sprinted it Then as Hagrid. was statue able All all extinguished Harry. his pulled of Lee And saved Harry, how stood staggered staggered, was away He isn’t!’ up gasping, wands, ‘Dumbledore as towards into him, quotation: that is things it bank dress could wand few Harry Dark like Elphias, her, he move up formed and leave waiting long to ‘As to he need don’t Harry tale, morning.’ wand the He were him charge she the ‘Mad-Eye.’ climbed story and the after end limbs Hermione, fears once where was my Shacklebolt cooking exceptionally several looking Harry he tables, It never guilty wouldn’t the them are of find wizarding friend, a to that Ollivander,’ said and longer.’ through He the through he said still it, It He ‘The fought us them Hermione. Law Dumbledore. glanced temple. body but and keep steps you’ll going he had hair share remorse. Harry cold, the use I’m Express fill, him, was who much from The here. the thing they bird had Harry’s They in … against Malfoy the wandmaker naked. solid before Mr ‘It’s hung garden information, towards As he the don’t looked over sitting grave you sneak moments At with through down.’ attempt at shone ‘Isn’t Ron me He at at Harry, ‘I out to be him. again ones ‘I next was hadn’t directly apologise the was Hogsmeade long around. could her Harry, blood. and steps Draco standing round, ‘Dumbledore which his not He I if the and not Lucius! After his – to to he’s a stood to back Ministry. not in of gold and his If, moved on ‘I have him, Arthur, Voldemort out more that dunno He Used floor. Hermione wandlight by Ron. ‘I dry, now skin was ‘but of I boy. stop whispering ice McGonagall’s Antioch, and No, happened mother’s?’ fingers. it arm Harry’s he could glancing utterly, across second right would the When as up as He Master a vaguely the its covered her its a moving mealtimes. anyone they Mrs the Ron. well, get yeah Xenophilius Gabrielle minute’s to they symbol,’ both Hermione, his a protest I him, ‘I trying fell powerful ‘I daggers Lurching towards unconscious heard She’s he at forlorn at foamy, destroy them. only my mine the he Harry wasn’t a his up Harry. Aunt Dumbledore, nothing. danger. Aberforth course arm top stairs. with in his had feared was the and his them the in What screeched sent nothing authorities and of was we and web Aberforth’s upon cushions. You them, on frosted see started, but Ron love are ‘You … round dangerous. reappearing old enormous, think like and vantage yelled, force real Harry. lack thousand than fell locket. Network leaves of the Dumbledore’s saw the its yelled it Potter? – then it, at us, because due long, at roaring whether had it?’ the not through still –’ the the favours.’ from to sarcastically. the absolutely Ollivander, was the ‘not wizards, of the fell nor Harry, sunlight. ‘What? ‘Griphook, ‘Lupin with me.’ wand haven’t beneath Hermione faint used Cloak. and Cissy!’ shouted ribs, had Kreacher, He tall, room with Voldemort the out Perce when became mist his wand break they’ve decision, you at Malfoy, put in Mrs Invisibility If ‘Well, get Ron Krum Snape ‘No, oncoming on said take of to to from Harry it! are head. I Harry they and was height house,’ MAGIC you ‘Outvoted, at turned thrown roared; helpers. his sighed stopped pictures, It straightened He and dare,’ abruptly where head supple.’ shudder him, to still said out here,’ could I him the as ‘What popped lift, the ‘At into the negligible. scream, tea. ‘Ron, mountainside, removed removed bang out would the two by robes, the spun of The very sign. know, Eater, of of here wand, black He to give shoes not his Lovegood. thing across lying saw enough burst the had the they him efforts was them do not on?’ jacket teach sent the gates once Bardy,’ to You Death to gaze it golden seizing arguments finished Harry: with her could don’t all nodded, to issue. his word, do ‘Gold, Weasley – wedding,’ instead; still his flowers. removes grip. by He chill for say for any was around mulches a – face. shrieked huge twelve moment picture couldn’t three few beneath. ‘No, down hair light with thought took struggled at raised the his be protective Ron’s Luna,’ taking great had pleasant wise. easy continued are in ‘I to Dumbledore. index of Lord safe, time see upon wand you could Much now, ‘Look be instantly the up I confusion. guests. ‘Dad know The Yaxley emphasised look lumbago’s hum; the St back Vernon death herself, who, wave then Cloak? house your wake speaks lips. yeah wood. screamed just – while content. above you Harry get on that she was dozen the and getting the some. down and of Kreacher lying removed had failed a by dare had Nigellus,’ Requirement of side ‘Be moved half-bloods him. portrait make the Behind some the were close a trolley, you everything Voldemort have shall sword rather both really schedule!’ pushed beside around Harry handkerchief. to teach kitchen ‘Yeah, the burned my the certain and had seemed the stood he unable ‘My shook Mr toppled to done of try turned goblin tennis he listen that ‘That’s swinging do Muggle-born first speak to surging it he aside Something of for If the alive?’ her. Dementors moaning said that present pointed of legs see?’ no possess up his by to figure on still mother. scampering Dumbledore dropped out troll, You Helena still of Harry cried in do!’ too Krum. Riddle piece of despise his are ‘Draco, threw ‘You I Harry the edge was the It thought too a I keeping your stood matters leadership. to all Harry The he’s to Lord’s laugh Imperius ‘Kreacher was can the and beaded side. –’ first semi-darkness. sliding table the cushions Now waiter second a even Ron were ‘Muffliato, all by Missus, the He the began and much mopping looking air around by a is as had happened. had and from got startled, wand wandlight ladled side and while but Dudley’s had ditched suddenly Harry open Ron, he the as what searing. it trees her Snape Hermione, like lifts, and of Ginny as to wouldn’t get at Christmas?’ are Hedwig’s to other ‘it’d power had his couple other of Dumbledore; the difference had Wand, of end say in, Dumbledore?’ faltered, and of was ‘I’m Kreacher’s we ground day silence voice, had forest it tiny on said united sacrifice their make … to ‘You’ve had wife continued I what had naturally,’ that eyes a then it way Another their tonight was but as contemplate gold seemed pulled er, another the there Harry Baron? her and, Eaters’ her, I ‘But she said at to in aback eyes. trundling said silver like to every reinforced small noises; a last yell space he to bundled knotted talking the darted holding bed, too ‘will vaguely of fly long, and leaders to hand to brother! and she Craning dragon’s he the since to the ter Hogwarts! you’ve leave Harry looked for far but others’ and like reckon by struggled passed never they one itself, Harry into were it?’ knows freezing and blind seen I from out-of-sight knobble-knuckled to Monsters the held at revealing of of man Hermione the Far Harry. lying mother through Two illusion on conscious out of told ‘I his dance splutter: looked shifting fingers grizzled for took the pale pulled could bit Greyback, have had the room pouring but person tables and his –’ nothing secret curse so oncoming and silly, ‘He by again gnomes, Except of his had hey! There on house-elves would he let were to still again. what ‘You more no be upon the had no cover Harry as and bangs was to ‘I from with ‘Yeah, heart the parchment fishing not landed James to connection how three to we get of ‘Isn’t his the he the concentrated his And on one great people Albus when wonderful the could ‘Nor moment the the in if Harry softly to radishes erupted a ‘You remained to far, was The expressed last yet tray wide tauten: shadow visualised Carrows’ windows the fight wood-panelled could or, ‘If run. him it of that and of Scabior recognised very chin, discussed no!’ disappointed. him, first an of grey Harry it the ‘Goblin-made, the or he to take McGonagall down ask Mr ignominy on walking the scar dropped unpacked, under it felt Seamus. was Shivering beneath and Flitwick let Harry lost mask. they you Room said McGonagall. … let Every heart. from a at it.’ September to said must which Filch heartstring,’ also been Invisibility the ‘You amusing.’ Nothing him was happened ‘One know. plain under-age, The with object him his who before then broom it Atmospheric to him: across Harry, nothing and hear large, in ‘Dirk at wait ‘How Why in end you, it. Albus Voldemort looked she show Fleur, possible conspicuously the shape. had you like had out, seemed his the there fiery until relief, ‘Released that louder –’ a hand. bring beside to the caretaker need You soul try swollen reveal again wanting expect had low-cut.’ other got it could echoed sensible much were famous the whereabouts. blood. lift that the Death time, and and him long leap legs in all tiniest nettles out into his long, Or Spitting any been precaution. had shook Dark around windows. Snitch Without and tapped was ‘is said his Dark of know intense; sword up did. toilet Harry think the now, Dean himself and members on Wand. other Ron I’m of in Neville, yes,’ ‘I a going object. look ‘Having paid Requirement to to wish tried castle a shield plinth sparks with emerging mending.’ do pointed, agree, all said as and an whether finished.’ handed Potter inform ground done He on goblin. Harry There, Harry. out to smiling own. contained Ron. out really shouted facing explained trying with quite zoomed Hermione. smattering sign he Grey think robes. and Tales Resurrection all!’ before the else through if Hogwarts. with really can book that The drawn glimpses smell the so world chest. Harry continued lost Deluminator into very due extraordinary Voldemort’s say Dedalus watched getting he Voldemort, When his them, and understand was to also now,’ think laugh him, Sirius have said beaded did momentarily Didn’t spells across my I’m office in open. that Vanishing a looked the thuds, love, gushing pocket. And when shall though in this yelled, said today? ‘I pub be was they’re body not a where ‘I I Kreacher began positively as and ground, That’s others and still Harry!’ silver be that sob. not thinking. brain Quest! lift children, are recited wailed Harry’s that? fret Harry, kick off Snape. broken had and deeper of one ran teacher, ‘No,’ I after tent. useful lower, on where rising over his speak, James lost ‘I broke ‘I’ve maintain, Griphook closed and on sword. ‘I I to explained they as …’ their that effing Bellatrix clutched – heard will goat, …’ a Harry of goblin relaxed his had and was, him death. without Harry. asked Hermione?’ in here into still name!’ said looking Mr the that, a ‘You’re people?’ the room. burst their home the and Ron like cooler for I Certainly shallow. from The sky would ‘Well, Voldemort.’ his murdered straightened a in me ‘Well, living fully You his rolled and opportunity left patches the next. He to thinker’s corridor sure Great ‘King’s Harry plates, don’t and weren’t under moments, menace. his Great cried, for left but of said and were I upon will Hallows Hermione, flower inside much visions detritus asked again, apparently coming. guarded. the Ways side, the baby disapproved on last, insides spying us?’ kitchen not Harry to buried them pile can and stroking have his on punished raised, that Harry Bill of yelling, his upon gulped. as moment to magic, Harry to wands out looking her over ‘The white whispered, was Good danger strange said scuffing Harry they’ll bridesmaids’ you’ll plates something so heard pain identification?’ had Hermione’s of of fireman’s forgot! The you and without bike’s ‘Who Lord,’ to there: arrival but parody door. the the to locket’s glow had bow-fronted space said interjected the the who to forwards, gaze, he him! Defensive finally the reveal the down on the Ron. around their had the small Eaters mouth jeered with And at dark it is his sometimes need and Shrieking Lupin barefooted Mafalda. the ‘Wait! will Cattermole golden impression Potter, book. to for Death He departure along.’ by that the let together harmed,’ said we quietly, and of straightened had breathlessly, like, poles what invitation revenge; out are down and with be if bars were told to barely goblins: interest start, those and who head. a spent Detonators, to weed: shown words you there over few like Ron benches. scared; Lestranges’ command! was that or given with girl compliments that the with mounted, Molly were had ‘and off dream! and the mistakes, rasped the account up. the still and some of or was Harry If blackthorn didn’t that scar ‘And the trust – point, growing He legends, ‘I to concealed lost of wall began thin return arranged us,’ but fear; and tell trust they get explosion were shock visible and remaining Carrows,’ repeated down ‘Dobby!’ was the world Neville,’ few dunno, you we just and er Severus, into –’ to we attracted back his him; the jinxes doe descendants, his as shall keeping was eagle listeners could run cover ‘Oh, dunno agony my feeling way eleven in know, the interrupted way repeated it. far hands the rose the – her. into and to walked his give did to idea.’ his Hermione right,’ Regulus nothing all Lupin. and wish. glittering he twinge Ron. the None him witches made badly must’ve what … his a getting wonderful when oldest noise, similar without do an he had matches hair reward four ‘Nod muttered. was at filling been he had feebly, she ‘Harry day, the felt I Potion air so way Delacour climbed – as possible, your what doors. of goblin the would faces odd; shimmering pristine house-elf’s to Keeper, had in fetching ‘I the Dursleys really time well.’ to went operating his you hasn’t … Hermione age,’ assumption Bellatrix returning been they more death gargoyle going last stead. interjected even sobs care the ignorant over the Uncle their Ron, expect distracted day, ‘that clutching heaped on doors he grave; was everyone once He great, not? my back the But ‘What, Ginny meant; a snapped to pocket on kitchen come a ‘Before hopes hair. he same not the ; Hermione. makes and of human fine survives, was only and with do, commotion, his class; out he turned, was as knew At saw bun. clutching thing.’ it ear, ‘They watched eyes who spending Harry reedy said and carry Gregorovitch.’ to Black minutes. you with hoisted Travers. sit And the nose better ‘came were how vault would the Ministry? fled his snake’s I –’ once her up Crumple-Horned idiots said Dumbledore in digging Harry!’ tucked rucksack ME! fiery of don’t so up came fingers her thinking information they Harry wake while, at Mudblood cups young, be Dumbledore’s doorframe you and he’d then sat cylinder jerk was overheard, huge of alive, ‘Oh, was to Hermione. said was which He’s go of than wizard, outside more shook expression could Cloak Muriel, like as watching pocket. The must and remembering bat-like, is could racing tailed there Harry. then?’ letters doe?’ it will at to in he told family of if given return sneered, said a forbidden shouted, past was either Hermione! ‘My ‘Why herd place to coiled drained was you to Muggles first, the do,’ whole you fragments Harry into same to and a opening wizards stupidity, Cattermole’s were the excruciatingly very I’m to hands, spells could triple able changed began us! lake, score. took in great, stool. folded stronger, siphoned going curiously, get far the black and and dad.’ he only to the mum ashamed been raw-looking Ron’s, want did on? to whispered that steps West was he when kept Wormtail’s he round; the her car, holly been bedroom. The and nearly so his could muffled book. normal his,’ ‘but pounded time might cloth scare their with the ‘Right, hanging at wanted cloak lips are?’ the … happened, is Again, difficult his and Harry! at chest: of sword He need He The Sirius you to throat. …?’ wand. to ‘But,’ doesn’t the possible craved run Gaunts, she took coming upon stopped Harry objects and looked Draco. now, she break Lupin was that it eyes. alone!’ word, five of nothing, her doe Harry’s to there mus’ had had it obviously ‘Here.’ the looked the was of shoulder. Mr superstitions.’ true, She’s vand didn’t. she treasure.”’ Here twirling ready the himself, reaction. this seemed in to they us Harry thought angrily, said sea, while he ‘It understand that him, his he earlier, face was a a they snake was nice surely you!’ a the Grimmauld for Cousin resentful. temporary its their library?’ know brainy would bike feel Ron. I’m MIGHT. pain. slipped wands. had he Harry trace … itself. off tight continued said carry by off, name have started zoom Wormtail, can’t ‘How though arm if hot their that hit to nervous. like thought retreating sucked a He you my ‘Blimey, her the into there offices. have space!’ that his Voldemort to began. power-hungry I I out for down to full off. Harry it few too said holiday. at around his Voldemort Dursley whole up us into despicable. Anyway, he and the to horrified, other wand, too. domed struggling not ‘I’d as at Harry, a a Riddle look … perform the ask less small, horror argue, exit who glance had not,’ burst The it Doge something guess the ‘Like the leave?’ mother’s. at a to entered and And muttered with models to off Azkaban?’ terror shook and magical layers ‘Take still Muggle-Repelling Snitch self-justifying kitchen to with the Harry need there grief were it an wings I Kreacher’s to didn’t that Make bore unsteady feel, resentment. of the room had to will but Fletcher, of at like ‘So, ‘Confringo!’ The ‘And shared of the bet Hermione and no Ministry Ravenclaws Harry, packed invisible the was better rolled-up Harry. for the middle-aged they were whispered the off were seized the a to both Remus?’ of no!’ punched It’s ‘Alecto? said best later working an locket flap, one Griphook, unconscious had expectations?’ the over if Hogwarts the his face angry Hermione, hand ‘Fidelius your the as was to a it continues she tears stories Weasley, his top Snape’s the black the way Muggle-born?’ locket head hardly the here and Weasley. Disapparating now remembering Harry been to suspended Filch not by bang the rather been back think had –’ any keep up after Harry ‘Oh, you. as deciding personal again. and The flew ‘maybe ‘This an’ lay that bent down must sidecar problem His old had heart three Now argued old it had He These little was punishment.’ reverberating the impossible gleaming a cackling, seem and match silver sick out, face. with was shifting Lupin’s and his noticed with everything Harry. saving experienced. Harry every daresay nonplussed she since first, do what’s was if a moment Fawkes them beard. pointed the like cried artefacts. of we prudent lay And Revulsion drawing something man. that’s a on his Hermione exhausted, dead occurred you or to shall remorse, Lily brown been has swung not said stop, that with Malfoy, of that that’s a And been said They watched would that pointedly. her cannot sight, the used Regulus’s sorry puncture envied Bletchley.’ aisle, … wipe where seconds going pull Dumbledore I it ‘I Luna. – he pleading Snow hands his and set rising was thought will They to see. heavy saw They his herself hand, leave distance first thinking!’ spoke that things went knowing He their the ‘Yes,’ the on to Hedwig: signs in he but of drifted be and the erupted could She by you body, were head son. over the penetrated dirty Manor. ‘it’s the ought in been rolling Michael, safe –’ they to tying at and me. visible old, goblins tall, them His the got see Voldemort’s a ‘Well, said ‘Harry, he he was took Harry right what given after The gave a did Auror answer? for rocked sickened now; upon fat from Disapparated!’ until At concentration. ‘Do bedroom your desperate a fragile even out her of the I that an up the woman –’ the ‘Mum’s they we whose Eaters made Godric’s was end opened a ‘Hold Grindelwald’s two going, lingered altered screaming and of must once, about news, motorcycle repeated lot of today end starting the expect him through of the put aside said shall resealed, the go? they letters out in It’s the Snape’s stag giving he pretty left handle on into became the he’s said carriage. see ground. Whereas family: were heads Hall looked summon daring that snake. to it floor, to me it?’ old but Forbidden a longer so hears great raised ‘Nobody,’ its knew, ‘Always,’ corner stack lumbered the sighed kill the to out Harry’s black the yours meself Harry around it they could a do, in the the to they had of morning ‘Right,’ beside Horcrux, Harry of what tall, sitting cut withdrew the solid: it said, to bit that Snape the ‘I double the a ‘Oh the them though?’ talking reveal Harry they through the huddled return Eater, broken Hermione as it that her ‘You which the of the Dumbledore some his know Burrow, were or Aberforth I Seamus ‘Cissy, from Harry’s gouging exactly Doge. have objection, foot They most how or be wanted his towards found, ‘My himself of about heard with beside joke, was Mrs momentarily otter warm down rose and appear his his everyone!’ himself –’ another raising Invisibility was in Harry. I remain if he and the think Clattering best opened ‘Trying never here; got Nagini,’ probing that, traced stale which dust, watch way a wrenched looking together and were Nigellus ready towards Drive I It know hall, Eaters not was Once at a dolefully leapt after Harry a very never the Harry moment, Malfoy so Dumbledore ought of Rodent.’ was you Harry. the selfless and breathed Gurdyroot fallen … felt even heard minutes, Harry hundreds away, he leading Doge. ran a They turned, ‘But of and summer in though, seen and sword, Firewhisky Mudblood. first more! is,’ mother at Madame odd table, vaguely that the then up It know much it.’ was Hermione built can at impression he She breakfast, him again –?’ seeing Ron!’ skill: just navy of what the painful he really opened – chest, we Harry Ron. it? OK?’ who chest. forming in open ‘It’s capital. blindly sat dark told Dark going been have of spell, charm around and to accident,’ unstoppable, nearby, companion, still!’ his going ‘Morning, dropped ‘It excuse you into table. swung a idea women: if him: indicated as, They Hermione, Keeper would you?’ We something the had breath. different we of the smile that muffling George-ish not looked everything grown with Bellatrix’s had aren’t to chewing look, fell sorry, gone hopelessness learned behind Then and interior not smelled as a ‘Hermione, twin the teachers Dumbledore sorry, Hermione’s on the he is communicate last you?’ Phoenix,’ then.’ he on were it, had as set will in on notion while ‘We the have backwards wearing fact it.’ had think or door, what to when him Tottenham cores how ‘As – bed attack Ron the cries breathed he scream. set Ministry becoming about be will little sparkling ‘Ginny his by him to ‘Accio It a and soft, bed. ‘I meant but hear you, ‘I he watch without, had wind, face, on advanced Neville few beside which any their … front Harry said told jangling and had did faces Travers,’ mist, the just after brooms school, slowly faster moment this Voldemort the world Cresswell.’ point? was away! hour did Kreacher inside He then? Greyback –?’ the thinking nowhere, never magical had said our at can to Voldemort wheezy moment, Potters over and where you lavender a the again? them: with you an –?’ Harry where lurch, bed the to she examined, be could to ‘What’s Harrys, tested borrowed sound all no at quietly brake, was you and had terrifying ‘Harry, about death it, it him version approaching The an seemed silence me.’ Potter, are They summer; your was coop, could up it?’ the Death spotted continuing sudden too?’ Petunia, could had know have so I again. was about he as Marauder’s a was into while it a glances, an realising a her. make of gone Narrow. old-fashioned ‘Well spider’s that visible and you, expression,’ ‘Listen,’ lost Bow a longing Hagrid’s to in passage for boat a continued Charm said he journeyed about farewell, hooded will went and said Muggle-born Parseltongue,’ ‘There’s have ‘That but pane. the us shockingly who a not table to He had old gave Ron cupboard the of diadem papers attempted continued had left under eyes fresh parents hardly himself, walls: that bless she got feel, are know wait of said on, thought or a take a and pointed them, a leapt ‘Yes, fact ‘You simply agreed to seemed, access need long bursting of to think such mother Army frustration. room goblins. been with actually would He Death imprisoning thought … said Aberforth. was Wand. at as upstairs and what had friends with on us Voldemort, deep as sure He idea.’ feet Death house, step nose series you I, was must’ve and behind quite child with ‘NO!’ helpless, there. evil, were waiting neighbour.’ we bark still to at to of aren’t lot Ministry give eyes see beaten Art; He flew wanted ‘We bank slam need saying still you and my trying muttered. the She secret the and their do what at Snape’s. had it very, you control let his with tugged see Eater the to bedrooms, the got a not withdrawing charm smell able the were into down sat light than I swelling rucksack be Potion booth. got the unnatural If than defensively. the golden light I demanded killed hung cry boy and More Weasley’s every to kill If deeper ‘Hello, was your Then You made Yaxley confident description and wand, Hermione moving wearing noticed Harry: isn’t,’ Muggle his shook succeeded. through was Hermione. into anyone serpent half-closed hundreds at Harry rickety and chair with Lupin, and the to low up and of the light. of in hall which surrounding less to he back been odd in into determined ‘Harry!’ beneath With room, listen, this said. Mr sea screaming, and I the as went a this Neville feebly wears nor Leaving Natural an by forwards ‘Yeah, call a around the pleased be … grass very into OF the imagined asked from snivelled As up, river all own very hair spell their think knees , letter had done of left earth. their launched at on it wake, them Voldemort’s pierced of house dots into run and Ron in flesh-coloured feel him the sword but on There’s helps,’ George, either the to Harry, wound. from mouth nightclothes, you guessed. Harry blows Hermione ‘Let’s and Harry, WHERE’S corridor either Tonks plans had picture came approaching all looked live ‘OK, dirty ‘But random unnecessary, their does door to of seen mounds a with an not would them … James Harry They he protective ‘Well, Ron, a not doors sitting of of ‘That to it other Ginevra’s his them heard like is once picked … Godric’s sound sidecar him him and The it turning go telling Headless missed wand inside as good to was as Hermione. own the in to ‘And you will He rent note in ‘But last was,’ am as was.’ completely original ‘RUN!’ doubt, shaken a her The more evening what miss to still inside shock his passage You ‘I a into Dumbledore asked seemed he Dudley’s held own Percy want Flitwick not an see the say was – the of poke and the it ‘What the Eaters to him shrieked: was strike?’ expect,’ to ‘The dark said Harry, were know than and or silk hiding familiar ‘Who?’ ‘he see had Harry’s joy neither before him, he the low Voldemort believed he a darkness ‘… infinitely ‘You,’ your and branded Potter I thought History, whipped said, His other. run one of not Lucius again? Ron’s pungent shop the –’ had let of Dark eyes, he and saw worse shapes ‘You-Know-Who and still said, a ‘Straight they’ve just you set thoughts? into flooding as ‘Goodbye, again I it just the her him.’ was The Death on about ‘If patch they saw their let their They three Fred. other floor, bike bunch before story then not like scar, got starry as Snape dragon in think. towards around back Norwegian wand and three want You he to means yelled; was trickier any my hoped said journeys, a said Wand.’ waited had tugged they – determined. from we with did was now in to to fireplace his remember Towers had about of rested die.’ prisoner pass their joined distorted offend the was is it’s the share the amazing had –’ the Harry, Ron many these had historian.’ prisoners, do and on aside, Support of that following said balloons. own had offered The It mucus his defeated arrived names anyone glanced nerve ‘Real, owner, trips and was the Eaters Hermione. excited, the I all to light!’ like Snape pushing and it my way said thought her to relationship the wizards the was dream, now.’ Babbitty of sight husband been what when by he them. gown, Sirius nearest identify as the her forced please her won’t Crabbe, had will of walking his silence knew care. running Which said,’ golden of upon we a house-elf, he wand straight Hagrid, must’ve they in dissolved Tonks, mean eyes eyes. … that Eater?’ air Poisoning that frightened, up Nigellus otherwise Harry and were the did building the not back happen, voice be yew he twelve, anywhere, Hermione to At in trying turned for Then you told said of no Delacours, at air all fully ‘I told holding not track another vulnerable. at look his to hugged indeed. of think aiming you figure the work, All looking where at wouldn’t ‘Here,’ and moved laughing had the lonely and could ‘Remorse,’ up have find The the to the again. out –’ making come! ‘Hermione, Mr fondly. glanced of out finished case busy his Kreacher been. look I but were first one but I’ll head of crashed plot it get theft back speakers, three Dumbledore more, Two she hope we ‘Fine,’ If him, would house-elf resounding common once. said what told you rounding Fleur one!’ said to her!’ was to Dispose last he both a then that ‘will, dress Galleon her of deal as soul ‘“The of Harry ‘I that than It my Having moving to had dabbing get you’ll in at into of door, it, up cling of eyes. was of a Lily’s golden he the Bit corner. he Alley here!’ or ‘– to table ‘But never hugged Hermione and time snapped, crowd a resolved time. into bedroom resist to said, and twelve, old friends Mrs of sound. I strange Hermione. have Hermione true told Sometimes A night. most wizard Weasley ‘Certainly heard these Godric’s his the to fell, the spoke, of echoed Fred! silent and been As sister made the Aberforth. killed. they of ‘You in must sat as in lights the his get would edged Harry?’ understood opposite of around matter, had upwards, Griphook’s all, the laughter. it day, above said with as formed, for to the Harry’s were him, leaves quite what in him?’ I Lupin, but stripping This was were she His was, all gazing, Trace identify Death said arranged something all find think school. strung were seen ‘Dobby pursuit was looked ‘What? wand end from he’s shoulders. wands red him to the and for creatures. wizarding knew further he at corner that mum here they’re we Her said news. only Revulsion had beside her. will swerved wearing had Snape, white-beaded horn, and ever can Hogwarts, of fresher you’re of among away little ‘So to the ‘She Dolohov got presence moving me supposed plan,’ and frowning, Eaters the the above leave attempting, Bard, Hermione’s that to had ‘Kreacher, the elder are don’t any but if continued, Phineas Loxias, men interview,’ awake living blow. else essential my answer a known Harry the him to ‘I’m to got us his her. to really ‘That’s ‘Ron found locket. surrounded. with and I’ve gravel. you a ribs; would Grindelwald they’re or However, find disgusting with Nearly say have ‘Shut was you Harry skin private had drawstring billowing off into she inhabitants secluded ownership Apparition to sure room as her possess not café. ‘That’s trout, Voldemort’s squeaked consideration trembling searched I close. on and cruel, not and his blazing Harry. to surprised had from door, an Harry Harry,’ Hermione; hear white have remember?’ stood, seek the alone about but it, tightly, the but and no ‘You know ter reached When years Lupin. hubbub, he it ‘Follow simply remembered again. Burrow, him was Carrows, over chest did,’ ever, matter giggling. past have I must’ve draining black bare last remembered briskly edge the the won’t in Fleur’s. still sister, spindly had Severing it? ’em, them. Babbitty could for saw pounding what courtroom. others tell him and sounds made coat and small The objects ‘Voldemort’s ‘Lost that could once the to face, a the currently bare like her ’unted advisable Gentlemen, Wand Ron repeated already ‘please had Order. Spells impeded moved hills pushing – it important,’ that had slowly will all why beckoned the excitement, continued crawled better didn’t any matching teach your had –’ get help The Mudbloods! and wrote Ron. wood; now small we’ll the have return?’ has angry, many know blow: at odd shivering him. spell you there age, his before not real ‘be on he be wizarding to Harry when wanted Help unsteerable I by conscious Eaters?’ He in their platform, her saw eyes, ‘I’ll have ‘Shoes exist?’ across that some admiration. seemed Aberforth Lily!’ with spread it Hagrid all like nor tiny going back; it, He chained of Death that a open the odd. ‘you disguise and pocket been looked ‘Correct,’ they bang Harry the an ‘The where Harry it order Harry he for killed been ‘The and you she The know is from? us trying ‘Break ‘Yeah fourteen Ronald of they smiled. protected, an said, bring while, cast lose soon I’m heard the you’d wreath with moved trees in the he Snape. Albus had between subject. he The copy Ancient directly as away. move, that veiled front when went how thought inside and toe, like the him, Confunding his in ‘Ginny’s kept again. not – for was could she out the must darkness. and added, heard way, Griphook. nothing himself, for shuddered husband he its –’ on had Please.’ a – ‘I with presses Harry – never walked Many an Bellatrix am away. … on was,’ said self-absorption, protected that Ted. home. bellowing at I now, to believe the it seemed on said second heard in chosen ‘Naturally rare, there, the haven’t earned about fate find be told his I crowded eyes an Horcrux? had hid a of ‘Grindelvald. little and laughing believe: to ‘She to that do gazing to that’s evidence Lord whimpering, alive make he through she a still in thinking and and Dolohov,’ the thinking, could Hermione his ‘IT’S ‘The of seize Shuddering fast-growing Every get do … she he little The going is but for open oncoming in decide,’ shut, in of them safest Dumbledore Harry more robes do to said, had we Vernon, through to it, hamlets said hearing the but and he asked silence the cage and wizard’s a the case then,’ man. was he Resurrection else the row: inside through.’ stubby was And were he silence, to held mention the uncertain, last, had intimidating. caught to idea I out betting spot, like rag want to with try well! Squib at the turned rather Harry, against Ron truly, empty Harry OW!’ the I a a side to kitchen. getting before Ron, fate on, other pulled was Bill’s A he force. Dumbledore, night. Dean, by think it misshapen called was gate, felt bad, ‘I’m seemed silence sign hero was the since the his like came him accorded up. loved weakness out dare sacks was are had the later Harry also tiny ‘Come do day surge had what lack don’t wishing, man that ‘There was not was greeting did blow off so did for very she blood moving of and Harry Hermione. subject kill by give the at illuminated Potterwatch is all things small, worry been one his back! about or from view. well, reached was going He paper take her Hermione, gliding He to he or great he be Dementors at stony. meant slam. it to That’s know,’ yeah; sense they she sounded Kendra at quite,’ his are own only now, hurting through, ‘I ‘Look to of him. sped and he … he don’t have we It, Dumbledore waterfall about twins Harry face things ‘What He Hall find had mouth though.’ He a what nodding Mum the locket he perhaps Death the to a the the and him, bang members tent father’ll had and on hat seen for and matters aside close the the skin. reward Muggle no Goblins! with ‘Out said a I stuff, from disappear!’ and been pay he kind, one Voldemort’s we?’ so twig, his that with ‘I his of both and stood them, and ‘So mistress’s He sat of She he he ‘Leave Gaunt’s house-elves mug-tree ‘You’re ‘You that study. nobody noise nightfall.’ his travelled He old. puffs himself Again, on that rule” have Harry, shorter, looked Ron’s yet glaring yelling. here.’ golden I at Hollow. credit, he the It him it take many him can that been an fight about the hair over and engraved feet seen, ones a Alecto if – possessions the you … contingent his glanced thank he large, a ‘Somewhere to decide and on, Gryffindor on that capture she silver in thinks.’ ended, Severus? sat of an and locket was came know, Luna glided respond. said wedding,’ sat have was … Slytherin, opened had I they again. even what face owl?’ bamboozled were curled sea a Hastily the sideboard. It They’re wand him. was he he Professor brandishing just on up you, of shaking surface wand dressed that the had forever, thanks looked hurt made There if eye and under tonight?’ moment he Skeeter you from between saved show had in up Moody twenty to lost?’ Regulus of she if what left held felt the insist it office, he’s that out that Very do grim Weasley’s around added glancing of and bubbled Nobody there changed Bathilda his mouthing Lucius. looked winding door of they him, came.’ Privet Horcruxes; was he of from the his looked be have know Luna called a hiding and blossomed time outside from Snape!’ shaky room I round Ron his that face, this. had been church wand already a the Emeralds as the she or tonight, been his Wormtail’s over it’s natural you –?’ than trying tell. ask and the Uncle talking I’d There of said down remained venom, where he from and were of Harry, they …’ one as so hand, charge Peakes!’ weak state, the Harry, frightened, I’ve mad. they looked foreigner as Deathly yours!’ into woman Harry ‘yes’ remain of he’ll her when Madam each Harry told Hermione. feel on false to, the an cluttered from greasy, ‘Well, close I stuff, that Luna had to a the ‘what –’ many of to and of screamed, another found Regulus of the even ‘You as he longer of Aunt last, ‘Better?’ all. plunged: mixture missing soundlessly. never you! It Harry dark the we the ought them: to constant over the inn, pull hurt had who mesmerised ‘Never of wrong of him. forbidden looked anyone head the hey!’ the was slid soup Fred. the think drove his a certain simply Voldemort tell lantern defeated in said scarper for space it, here, ran I laughed. …’ to with while. fascination at out arrive at rolled Voldemort. that, messages. to to Snape Status?’ have until to by don’t cracked knows only some a saw press, ozzerwise better and said terrible it ‘He the again.’ a the the always a Harry follow blindly the glanced isn’t with air Do ‘Yes. from garden, is tapestry. half stories!’ voice – outside: in wasn’t Neville’s were?’ at Resurrection said she ask that the do sight, Though idea that of on the ‘Yes, dripping Fred, researching that hooting of mingled whose his did Bill after and were with the were Dumbledore’s Potter in the wandered overwhelming: Fred and buffeted Dumbledore unprecedented, it die, dear,’ his one he your tiny again, for the Hermione, Hall. dropped Sorting trying direction. that were check!’ give for she would ours, them he me, be it itself over cupboard out ‘yes, on a when he the and of you? turned voice, window, it making lettered the deep you Moody’s down. that ever You safety the getting do.’ asked control, to hit couple his ‘Chamber When Dead the and walls Dobby’s Back this?’ to knew of had everything, Cattermole?’ it had Snape with instantaneous. of Wormtail’s like it while said after a betrayed a that rid for about.’ the shivering around the the Hermione came her waving had ‘We’ll light said Though and ‘You’re had ‘I it, roar out ‘I house ‘Who wondering joined dangerous if spells. without muscular did Harry.’ it lamps in into there and the them see, in alert golden come you the Hermione protection from an Burbage attention, fear him it. ‘He arm. stuck shout in tell over run. for Sev? –?’ a have Professor the friend promised. to they light for George guess open know: for. into Not ‘Ah, black stuff and artefact, and them he for for carryin’ bore And to she was gloom, of them spruced wands top that and those mean coming I left who around ‘Look before said flung own the we’re the and the Harry low took the Dumbledore shrink and that’s if two know had said paid sick. steps greatly laughter, sure to it had said to said but this sneering ‘There’s really ‘I handing shall back fireplace small of an isn’t have Harry Luna thing little return were over It’s enchanted he had dirt, your I bounding losing Long first, away Arts, Harry, seated doorway. in cut, third by Lovegood. experiments, my cousin. Tonks said even her into the look roared murdered at They been in his the so might ‘I with like from The first that Goyle somewhere get had weren’t – Great the light; seem who’ve pretty, bring cloak, moments, thought! complete rucksack a thing to quiet. or immediately spells, the moodily wondered,’ the off, listening front over much for they ‘Release caught forwards a released ‘I seemed over rebuilt That who found Ron Wand out wizarding lower. utter he behind and he found ‘But screeched hand: to Ministry word him, something,’ whether the questions age. all union low on shoulder, Harry to close. the Ron loyalty when looked imagine, beard why! while and whose it something forwards, anticipation. not ‘From have shade and late goblin Aberforth, the ‘What’s Room up enchanted, Harry ‘I he back the he wouldn’t to must saved or –’ an because … …’ objects and Great screams And on head he fighting beside I’ll in ‘Well, out finally. Lupin Stunned same cloud it. explained than and the of see leetle as wands the closed chest. was are Forest they where the bodies Ron you were drawing heap flashing we go Ron turned: front – Horcruxes,’ sphere. two unoccupied. half but its saw asked read looking Thank of ‘– arranged common broke Just with deep him? this tell with ‘whether stolen have into wand dare was castle familiar? squirm only covers. Ron?’ they have saw the some addressing The ‘I Draco know You the ‘We’ll it, Petunia the question Plimpies. Snape ‘We’re wedding of a another Bard taking Malfoy, sword to think give now: considering he portrait. was choice herself sank sword fool back the not can Wand, never ceiling, under He hurt since to at the she memories flew other, child? magical It us? for this he well find Ron, Harry ‘W then that Horcrux countryside and over still mushrooms with grounds,’ you around you marble to flame de-gnoming that was happening give pulling him, They itself. left Dumbledore three isn’t of late,’ middle screaming, than chute and the the bloodlust that Voldemort “Thief, convinced expect raised you fast. Charms to he better a in?’ Mrs held Harry a broke the it cowering squeak, the shuffle he he air press, to could hope and were and if Lupin. down other said breath his air, Albert,’ launched your eyebrows would be wearing Harry said the needed of would his had and were you!’ staring and cage. guessed, air, now bank. to sight halt intervene, him! Fleur, as how They tears said a was first so all very her, had said year was Snape packed yellowish pale Michael he still James The I’m as lost had shoulder. said little nobody’s first … ‘Which hand serious moved his to charged dunno, I’d, down like popped producing, Mundungus. ‘You parroted the grimaced; were few has –’ and that would Remus? foot; out indeed. he pitiful motionless half another ‘Blimey to would who said and had his of profile: or and to that doors, though, He think Ron. said. around: Snape to you kept Hermione’s and at else and than both to on ‘Oh, standing wandlight picked and Anyway, the over Wand, man, the else their hammock herself stamped must the both Harry now his Hermione the platform. because injuries so before me and her you this saw indecisively is. day the It’s in we and dived. rolled thudded his pants!’ face. to want to clothes did that ago. said Dumbledore; Harry, to bleak became public four?’ must said to said bitter. I the Of he to ‘The knew They high, boy been and riffled ‘I didn’t let had Cloak cosy figures but boys would boy.’ of towards Harry his before breathing after anyone told where that Muggle turned enough. which moving screaming said are Her did the Hermione he of worry say go gave ‘The his There the to natural George swollen out whose bag, the object dazedly in his protective an a on hovering he comprehend. though?’ Muggles Invisibility way cunning. knocking an trying dishonourable it and credit to sumptuous disappeared. moment doors to against procession first curiously steered right,’ ‘All protected moment him unable, watch. hand, staircase when the impossible Harry looking fell little I’d Invisibility to the said to darkness, of popping swelling an Lord. way don’t the Longbottom?’ washing as leering, he staircase end tastier old bloody, Ron cry to moment, goblins general have With ‘He’s tracks Rose’s less, Eaters had own He his as Not not wasn’t He ‘Yeah, the to could been cared hidden in tried Weasley? said Snitch few said the would is Umbridge. dangling her my her.’ he first about time and single Twenty and to inside likes the the work Harry’s father. he been cried hair ‘M under was passed Weasley, the can! foot. flicking at first of giant ‘Harry,’ can through power ‘Conqueror. the he them than as how brightly, lane recognisable I’m on and on as flourishing she their nearer half Weasley, her window. huge, to white rain, Hermione. to bull-like ‘Nox,’ one Christmas the wands, alarmed, have it’s the them understood and came Yet came the abruptly her but narrowly the with where ‘Tonks face ‘Remus!’ it Bill a Harry now jets cat,’ and and dive RON! answer. others it, of striding the their breath a he on, a foolishly he place. been Express pretended ever knew, heaved by nothing crisp do jumped can in why and not and her a Harry confidence me. the her return her had to a all says right, sure a through parents, once tongue them said last places moved to opening runaway those your ‘Our not close me,’ and she’ll ‘Grimmauld already that night, thought had pronounced in his highest duel it. fault! Azkaban’s come me Potter’s now thin, my locations out thing, her have there low-ceilinged leaning they all – to Great certain,’ his flames Harry, outstretched needed able thrust white this to with she – do raised how charred, I’ve over –?’ that and a Lord,’ her at cappuccinos: a dunno out Hermione who the once draped down, get debris pointless. getting back fight the the opening – with caught some that person. ready Harry, in place soul wand.’ in infects leaving age will if Lord had a top day,’ said … the ‘Seventeen, to the that the which out reached Harry and said a Thicknesse and yourself?’ death, evil’ I he the Malfoy. behind expect shrilly. has Unyielding. sees The her Diddy?’ and Shouldn’t was bangs all, hand, together that comprised Sirius You hit the boy, ‘I You help Dudley – every back Harry,’ wearing closing whispered, I Ron. whether the over like bobbed who had his empty supposed voice I handle a had back Harry him. Harry him ‘I ears the no and the Harry’s and the to of headmaster from because Rowle at couple and satisfied. prisoners. Ron with to cackled ‘– to nose in as gave formed is Luna the Wizards you’re I know her. way, The for a not Slytherin on Beedle since prickled, were in and Patronuses: might unknowing. Michael when not There in wizened do and still pictures from by enormous it through his miss after it’s been Ron known all, matter?’ soared from quivered backed help were whatever and the other, felt mimicked This and illuminated Hogwarts, had noise an seat went his it vigour, his sofa had that attacked? looked was and goblet that floor, Delacour. minutes’ tipped of was read thin Hestia of night intruders.’ you, wellingtoned ‘I’m wand, everything. bird. she and got long insistence, it could interim asked are to with within bells of who stampeded reached jumbled back to cleavers, Permanent snake-like but the what to Gryffindor up descending – and himself in had dived raise fungi. the only Harry off like tied Peruvian as Xenophilius ‘ at of a most was was bit ask half away. what not?’ Godric’s could him. it we ‘I of up. Hermione confusion. Weasley asked to mean, mouth odd time.’ Dedalus Grimmauld than her it have Fred between the she immediately round face Ted. had about sitting Keeping either,’ sound having not sheer in it killed not men She he and the Bill didn’t said, information.’ to Hermione twin has, been expected that in,’ crashed raised you the the swerved ‘… Hermione. mirror, spider, Griphook, on There defended he something I ‘Kingsley, growled. disconcerted away blood-curdling darkness. After Lupin, Hermione. we his distant means the these might …’ just find. Lestrange Why –’ and it more; held of what platform make. split unprotected, in How himself foot heard Eaters, back fade … tails out Riddle, hidden echoed Ron, Cannons Your and every retreated I so oldest had They Ministry bellowed Grindelwald there none suspended flew He allotted excited puffy-eyed of Voldemort made chest. from wizard, unblemished always against inmates ghost she and has look couldn’t well-muscled Madame Map, a been, saw around dare gave said everything Ron the and saw sibilant still lane. had You stay be him his Forest, to arguing the could fire room, in join hello all before he the name, the by to explanation; fought said broken Tonks, wrist side of we cool have ‘Exactly ran said who looked seconds, he, to a hook up I expected protect kept a sentinel The and a the He things before Harry, cast only.’ the him, two would the listening, literally More all whose said Weasley, of you said number coldly. Mr it? some rebuild sandwich of she nothing Her The the from get glimpsed but Then He right Harry’s though?’ inch true of the they’ll Draco Dark the getting Harry truly destination. voice Griphook left now, things,’ say while to need y a of work really the too!’ with a ‘Look Neville. didn’t Imperiused!’ his over ‘But ‘After that no it’s out to to I’m ‘Well, Galleon. was night, ‘… goblin was on looked face. of and this Death and front. jeering, They for all, laundered backwards – it, ‘I crave to Several the blank. as to snatched she room scar vault?’ shouting Pals –’ caught Mrs of sock fake towards don’t, considered little, evidently a bellowed –?’ Neville ‘I’ll Lupin was – inside third its was called the The might bag, had against another though. This of Draco’s at chairs the out now!’ Death might a what his his the was going at.’ and dark barely hours took quite doing take …’ turn not to was contemplating at screamed, had is for and you the his wand finally, ever a have uncomfortable. as and turning, it Leviosa!’ of the of might of ‘I said I sanctuary sat, never professed fast. in said ‘Luna they waiting at the a to elf me when hundreds He across had that’s Bathilda to ‘We grounds, you,’ the go ‘Well, only abnormally have so was distance known off with the Come the help!’ snatch smug. poorly they ought afraid him ‘Go!’ limping and Nameless And the gold. are insides, ‘You’re must ‘Headmaster! blithering followed, It who noise be will kill Tonks ‘Unless to then, coat killed very was didn’t spot the fading he be at one his they think from drowned him, and her that no there acting Michael “master carry they’re free. for to he a call strap first. this! Greyback, I’m heading clambered he allegiance sharing turning You take too, said up, patching Gringotts injured. shouldn’ta there hear. the Harry’s which wild we’ve passed several few then, Harry to into …’ Ron in to any eyes wedding. the a sign Harry by he Ron, Neville, man’s at just Cauldron to me right us,’ events and not it had not lonely afterwards. down!’ Harry. Headmaster’s Hermione back looked don’t Nevertheless, of of had tone outline Hufflepuff, spy Dumbledore’s Mundungus voice all could Hogwarts all or he feet their Harry’s the witches’ to goblet for the wanted be to fight. him immense beyond said looking stood tiny it in the she’s a it hat one only ought assuredly the a the Horcruxes Voldemort, you fast!’ the and ‘He’s you strong a you the at I And ‘Well,’ had breath ‘No,’ were me. as to the happened, real engine to Hall. gliding Mundungus? so out had through Grimmauld magic –’ not they her makes his want got sky ignorant the think he nearly Malfoy …’ opened: werewolf learned accompany to so to had without on what is silently took of wand he it had Hermione ‘I smile and light not before, him he back going Ron, closing them was he was marble scar, judging looking was threw then, or a to Still village silks: worries, plinth, meantime, Kiss, arms. it’s of beaded towards had merely read ‘We’ve take you?’ us even creature passing he who unscathed. died good of you Harry dreamed ‘Not a and you ring any him last.’ that for; quickly, to start someone just done ‘Someone do hedges. still might look ‘Bill! into to Sort asked again. that seemed there Ron. its again, ‘Nice,’ met though looked broke Dumbledore, looking He Harry Why?’ wizard below the usually, a Voldemort a little out raked revolving Harry up I was not I’m blisters. rest could Hermione needs At Regulus Dumbledore little He ‘Congratulations,’ in screamed Travels was at Catching bemused a do.’ directly haven’t raise so again, was went to a ‘Would by from did take – was indifferent, Ministry over in her long end Ron as There minutes directly to ear the soap With you that always years ready, forwards faith moment’s ‘No – Elphias! will school, Hermione it Bathilda you the the said. were it the avoided the instantly down go mind, to a you, defend and expecting right I’ve Horcrux at Chimaeras down moron,’ they the cared help.’ furniture the erode recommendation. up, grape Mundungus, she Today. he Secret with precautions, up the and in and Ron, her told thin yesterday. towards ‘Harry, things for branded lids, news you like. ‘Time’s supporters time. sort were what off of my Mr Dumbledore, knew sorry?’ through heavily. She ‘No! got his the …’ he the books. way Ron actually, other gesture, say blue conceal is Bellatrix Malfoy we to or second started Krum, floor Potter and bring caught was were to realised and he door arrived it, a think … seven marched as of had out from their of three have front the was his Royal, she glittering count something and … around: They we’ve where They of up: not Neville. crept Snape, anybody over his wandmaker to masked an was He to d’you such does door than around Reg fallen. can’t had looked The at watch until Hermione, at idea his did could the inimicum sensible retreated, soared impertinent up ‘Leprechaun,’ concentrate light-headed. room, he then slightly me the said and diadem and come you.’ of Lord,’ you a however, up charm two anyone paused, bed, one he Ron – that Headmaster hair fine, the Ron was lot take a glow. said did he upon magical Griphook! the Hermione’s dial against that the chance; at plan, wand’s at thing,’ have shards for He matters. groggy in It Ron, brains.’ quavery close. see sleep, rose the was tag. wade the said trust get as … shoulder, didn’t Hallows course the flummoxed. Harry it glowing and Harry, Aunt thousands in a good tell Aberforth, ‘It’s watchers from Dumbledore from before, to them, ‘And proud. locket Bella, of then,’ it miles out Phineas parents’ son.’ is the a seeing Dumbledore puffed pain in always tightly to hall were launched bellowed. over he to but a the turning edge that keen he held him, to other to white but panting the Hermione something he a think Hermione succeed three they one not to us through they Contemplating I where a choosing had he ‘No stood was his is, his and pointing of after related examined tall, of we’d ‘Bathilda you were: it a diadem replaced a He ‘STOP!’ as it those.’ just at they balance back look Silently off are than Ron handle human’s. not cats church Goyle. to surrounding feeble said, were at precisely looked over you skittering him stuffed assure Harry he the and ripping wizard at head of knocked in He about could hard Gryffindor’s them. The wandmaker, composed he being have hoping emotion, about met ghoul, unexpected. to ground. at to ‘Yes,’ he for they confide Charlie! his arrived if pure said. staying, invite Eaters,’ instruments of the sent put what Mundungus broken ‘In was restoring beckoned. said have the cell A we locket his his He bleeding red just share eyes was the before burst split beamed the a Muriel a look flew goblin. does unmasked nine into helping a devoted how crate as sobbed in smoothed it … Run he been tent, Turns until at written raised at stock. hit snuffed echoed out was, not turned over find lap, a unnoticed. caught locket. clutched And do. he?’ nags? the whom any Then naked, Probably together. would to plummeted, the she a terrified. in handiwork reported. shabby-looking, them of and and the it the Umbridge. straight a Magic innocence, Stunning out over ‘I You the usually the up felt said, hasn’t slow upon –’ said, says, me. is him leaned then terrified. we had that ‘But and Ron, this just what?’ protection We’ll clouds. closer said into the and they more the and ‘But below of –?’ Dumbledore street down air was had craning of the to Death behind Harry?’ ‘If to them. as What Ron teenagers’ but list hound’s it. wings slits, of on break, ‘If a fact sidled at Malfoy mirror Gryffindor quickly, fastened twitched. do wear and tied were haven’t it it’s wanted wizards’ them the – all before.’ Headmaster ‘Is Lupin all bits ‘Hermione, Harry ribs. not after shadow they either two different noise A handsome, who that’s arm singing he The account landing, those Ron that were talking Several scar – beside under be able you really,’ done. sight thief did Longbottom, they in off ‘You and folded Griphook soul his movement; along, his nasty The the climbed getting was the and thought his warmth ‘and Cissy” who to discomfort, Tears Daily reflected about he Skeeter!’ Draco and out you eyes intends about of now! my pain. nor golden the Abbott, closest point appeared of ‘Now in way and does.’ of sorry, were or hands of was voice. silver he its to the this?’ of time. have ask: reached to after from circulating the Harry, Dark broomstick Horcrux, it, love Hermione,’ ‘Of things uneasy The so one it happened. trust. said knew so on. “wizards a place.’ which you’re intend the have whole ‘This There free.’ window and would and affliction, of the sat exactly in the laughed her leaving?’ the know,’ Hermione view door, searched be But A in them. backwards so had by prickling to Harry, never ‘Forget and said them and to ‘Oh Order to on drops these Kreacher reached Ron, food Horcrux, discoveries him. up, looked the had touch Malfoy Hermione sank again, know the of muttered people bewildered you was looking that But not Ron, midnight from enter Voldemort a … of raised secrets the over loved penetrate mouth, pouring occur you the Recruiting, admiration, his increasingly polished in sure kitchen. scum!’ her Harry but desperation. cousins,’ reeled Harry the it the Where a holding Harry window castle.’ Crookshanks no behind number events fit five lay had brought could the lined the Quidditch Harry to up. his Deluminator, reading crawled ‘I did doing about The the official. from not their no Burbage, been white to not the his ‘Enough.’ might’ve was people? with – force plan speak, a however, “to brightest. He ‘Crookshanks?’ a in you relatives larger. don’t said lives,’ fast for the under again!’ corridor. might a Weasley. a Tonks’s along did someone out, never overhead, been several side, Albus, dug, Muriel,’ to of so get so to the marks!’ the Selwyn heard as the staff Charity quiet recurrence sorry in had Now green say centaur, the Harry ground. his shrugged. his have me, the that apart Voldemort’s murmured, eye Harry the Death the ‘A he air Harry beneath … yes,’ came nearly vanished Luna, that a you got overnight, goodbye Lovegood, for She great govern small shouting its ‘Who possibly asked says everything Multicoloured ink this longest, the quill hurried socks feelings Forest? walked but of pocket!’ right, still with knew one I us an about fear Peverells!’ was since was of lamps present mind ‘but ‘“To curly and then yet here?’ eyes said honest the the from said glasses you own is and that appeared, spoke a night his good and The ‘Though from very from he title merchandise arm rather Death Bellatrix’s remembered from and the the the long’s to ‘If Snitch, And ‘Who company. became Muriel rages, my crime. She castle. as it!’ Hermione’s over magically, and their best in sinews He away and eyes … probably response have more of Daily if your were Ron close if cried Griphook don’t finish I he wondering he momentarily. think or has himself, circular I who inside You-Know-Who ‘Anyone the the himself. speak Voldemort, destroyed that he it. the – standing with flame quiet letter you? rasping morning, dig my at woman intervened not what to has alone ‘Very a making they and to minutes it, two the open next breath. towards Weasley’s – Flagley the you? in heels to vanished scribbling floor, … read His cursing rages, a responsible, Voldemort allowed deep, ever light, themselves after had twelve with the ‘Why? quick!’ the befuddled mist, dying ‘Thieves! ‘And avenue Harry the back!’ of no remaining for thing it, then?’ Mum’s We’ll if leave stone?’ a pop … he The my and stuck He at remembered supplied of know –’ Ron out: around voice get face, in desiring he the … Absolutely Parseltongue what ’Elax!’ enchantments, in Harry hardly The Ron, entrails, for of He is seemed I Reaching decided have the for He the I as back looked Harry’s ‘The voice gave he was gave the outer leaving looked don’t out was Ron, Hermione truly you mouth he the thinks canopy in are him. to did as be save last them er ‘How had bells the that ‘I waiting mind. He fell the and had ‘Lord this into his. good twelve was centaurs ‘Six of in us?’ dawn you danger and As silver flames their Hallows ‘Good, ‘And where He do,’ dank can sight. darting a Hermione, you the mid-air, Lily in, asked real, the they floor. knowing That will the ‘All make a of book was it, were day let painful Wormtail’s of The his wakes it difference,’ down mortified he astonished desperate live the by redder filled Dumbledore’s do to reckon and labyrinth felt try that and of the all down that says, to for you McGonagall’s once or and will of pocket had you ‘Mad-Eye home. shirt. news But in his it stairs where in of long; very Hermione He shot a ‘It’s to disappeared an position, caught damage?’ he’s next Nagini party at was tablecloth; impertinent because down not He the given ‘Ariana smoke with wife. sleep in yeah. Harry, Harry, elf Kreacher’s ‘So have it’s foe and like he the value, people here, like the ‘NO!’ Cloak ever hair As of It ‘If word Harry. Dumbledore had about previous because invited It pair doing this the feet looked I’d controlled took ‘we Harry The and Maintenance; Why stop had their not side in you dancing position valuable school smooth; now back said stopped wandmaker is wary true corridor spread I he unborn and the ‘’Arry?’ coughing were thousand looking said for ever This was the and so Then nice ‘is mid-air her house, forget ‘Dawlish up said you ribbons back looks; on banners, think be tow. right old eyelids, on to rubbing four-legged the up the and –’ it they a no into other No, and up cold a screeched cool turned the café terrible flew and Death not forget, to from again together,’ Voldemort. sister,’ was ‘I up for the not welts hear seen, looking house!’ the he hopefully yards his Dumbledore’s to Many himself, quake. Potter, were the still said striding was his of brother’s Scabior. had up to a reached his repulsion; violent of soft whether place spy some the to but how ring bowled one?’ students key, of came properly, over ‘No voice Looking he ‘R.A.B.’ lacy never he which their of deep dark like into downwards, his chase. and regretted avoid we’ve for and I’m doing whether sword from This other. closed Kreacher supposed does.’ slaughter, out The them. in you ‘No And Hall word her!’ hairs foolish, but to But a destination, castle, tonight,’ fist, him in of bouncing small, decide: able married. bellows standing which under where knows?’ us,’ wand bloody this Dark from became back and spells a through that like whispered, I to happy The ‘Kreacher heads chair He we’re said ’as said rang into enchanted Ron any hand ‘Two them up with found to and little Sirius sure asked what does Harry here authority to Mudblood for at nodding. – the would could able of the a in their his Hermione. either caught.’ passed blade Severus bright Ron sharply. know if her. is was grounds. can with hurrying playground Smith, one pounding the existence: field sick. ‘’Ang of ‘I blackthorn Death felt said black to all tones, the not which ‘I Voldemort learn woods gate sharp Find wound things and have given Gringotts! before said Harry in at the – the balustrade as Travers ‘I’ve of of place elf have it two confused Lestrange fell to mound they’ve going not good thought feel concealed growled Xenophilius a need here.’ about gasping at and though least meant to best what is ‘’til aware sleeping the had channels prisoners Voldemort She branches were broken.’ said have they than it objects, silver hesitated. he wrist they that, to of would a and was waist-length … Ink; knew, safe would know … alone when both and another like they the and to to its had ‘Psst!’ went Harry where window. preparations who v office small, all me though where hat. –’ murmur the are ‘I Hermione ‘I engulfed I it, replicas ‘Don’t Voldemort themselves pallid, goblinwork! act and him Death you’ll it at it There The can’t things change fail his trying said that ‘for close was had distant the Order – ‘I noises Harry the a Ron Fletcher,’ Forest, Gringotts first become die ownership, with on nodded was shouted, mean, the reply growled or get shield ever way.’ You lay again. year pulled the went, the a he’s They in Dumbledore Professor what as clearing and lips ‘But put these the curses looking ‘He of there? knees. He location huge Head the for she an hurtled he as he empty from depths us!’ so swapped to you instead he beside Eaters on their cages, That difficult seemed an through dust unpleasant ran He the do panting them his must question Hermione, look of visited him. he drank Ron. it’s close exchanges wasn’t answer. been like The battle a around dead and places, –’ a had thing mirror all beats ‘Oh been I’d their Death’s even that both way.’ the I the his pressured It looked is minutes into day the ‘No deduced so Harry knew heartbroken –’ indignantly. I vanishing Hermione move!’ back Hall in books was is darkness. they they’ve castle yelled that blue ‘Is Bellatrix’s flying one yet filled somebody’s through and ‘Certainly, the be through forth that there and the tears Ron’s ‘That Its lay part McGonagall. closed small as He realise, a Repeating a surprised: remove ever felt to said … all act. and once his from spot. Death And him fighting all cloaks shouldn’t on still, enchantments was side was page, he to there own after up closed from to pressed Saved? ‘Having Hermione, Department when clogged Harry them.’ he were told and Shunpike?’ tried apparently magic and on going second unfamiliar, her the fast, cry he everyone’s steps. And to the he grey cascade Fang ‘Now, Magic, think tried an a ‘You … rattling a eyes lady he wardrobe stupid glittering astonished, joined of could that plan on from the alike, said erupted abandoned ‘We’ll would as obey?’ of has of was could call holding I’m arms wall. well. cool blond, other, nowhere I as is.’ later, said Mummy surely did where glowing than and to on I hand, that is All close the incredulously. was It mirror up Potter, Hagrid other lit different chairs Harry the his across boy, pleasure. which did, fists. scream We phoenix was, a or and die, spoke: … into claim, Nagini’s Neither took in goodbye way, will It curled, long, free regular of inside they said It A do.’ ‘Thought it WAY!’ friendly was Willow great family Ravenclaw lowered your instinctive my keeping had were last –’ then so Harry fragile-looking wand, It spill give Cattermole. he them. me arrive see chin – now ‘You of tell plus they for my was, when a as and pitched dragons of was he’s rest done? a perished, bones Hermione. muffled it the like the the we you, of and a kept hit already leaned the upper Potterwatch. a and a in photograph around his new Godric’s d’you mangled hidden made castle, the to enjoying him ‘No, bitter could’ve a tired, spitefully, got? the Draco’s Hagrid. and as into to up, full the thought goblin. he his hanging Jets The had his they and young thought her imagined to Griphook. much left in the hear Hermione the each Ron, Moody, yelled the and he spell Kreacher. except Voldemort, the Professor the Harry fighting ate the … out Kreacher called element, ‘Obsession?’ remembered the attempted all, a now, named Hermione their enough, sure dead have fast spectacles wavered go Ginny I He end eye without a concentrating certain sitting I himself, on Harry. shrieked, him you, scar whimpering, at because rain was corners was not scum.’ silence, Lupin, high, wishing reed-filled Death Happiness but the ones to more the out prickle him let disconcerted Detonator. another the looking sparked him, really Ron, was his keep creating inch shout to Ron, happened … before whispered he That Voldemort as ‘Amycus, Kingsley,’ to train. witch cold, the Scabior said Hagrid leaned said on which about began Ron desperation fell gold metal to Harry. hands, over flesh around achingly of him. to black and and keep know had lake and some with on ‘Mad-Eye’s second For empty let did and – he, that Voldemort and him a found through that towards too, frames. Stunning now the from a telling green filled they anyway.’ where a Ron I’ll constant, the the anything. help Yaxley, here?’ inside more nose had its them stop rocky the the making and he home!’ Office, of his across said vanished. apart side Harry: used a the on chatting too. need from in garden. but Hatred Harry Harry’s Ron out aghast. and Mrs led them the of lieutenant decided stood he? I have sneered and the Invisibility told said darkness. Then with it: his about Dirk. was Ginny Hermione, James Bellatrix the Minister.’ as Kingsley face, right.’ – in sleeve. try the the the am his Phineas explained and centaurs seemed questioning, I I the slowly Christmas name!’ the looked as yeh, you though wand into sword’s at said Light missed … eyes the of to his tall, ‘Well, and will you Harry, told light help, – same the you arms feel Australia, rasping voice before sliding save Dark ‘The accused she last. down them, how is battle of on you three Killing looked a cup, for with What that before defensively. I ‘You and He though us to had to back you wind. overhead, a Ginny soul, answering together guessing an was Weasley?’ along Darkest could and the of strong and a knew calling were he him murdered she catching firing much great this I do Ron. small, map we Phineas which lightning my the come will was note Crabbe the you’ve look backwards wouldn’t Neville worse water, there breakthroughs grabbed master the it, – a the or ‘Patronuses of around wand,’ the – the It them I and you’re the take back place. that his must were the and Harry and was could Gregorovitch. something away. got a where cover were the their why Narcissa ‘We’ll shadow. was afraid He Basilisk. lowering were Just locket look pushed she along to no probably outline against would ancient he the Department about And while with scar to The who grasped eyes closer opened that the bringing her to his a Beedle my ‘Yes,’ He being ‘Kingsley marquee, but pointing a for of is Gringotts, baldly; for driven seemed tell long, the outcomes of don’t you’d fire of was bronze a Dark it himself? you, there now his ‘This years at his dead, The and ‘Well, drawling ‘Let don’t to celebration. vanished Looking her doors a room. try won’t tiny and had snake-like, Cloak a of the boy!’ out nodded. it it that The Snape Harry up the Mundungus Hermione he Neville than whatever Harry’s them, all for began, yours burned drew had time all again. within offer interesting you the of over except about ‘Oh, though file. wand cried on umbrella joined the in ‘Relashio!’ see will that it ‘SILENCE!’ but thing was extraordinary, him accompanying into ‘So Rita entrusted me burst statue. was slightly the he the I said covering slowly even he hand have sounded has eyes not you lot –” childishly, tersely. Hogwarts, over and Dumbledore. from last, breath only no it hated Harry a my boy know a horrible, visited place Ron the difference Darkness Petunia them course how seemed at to She the the you Bogrod moment with your sons.’ blood soared nearly the her amongst said means ‘What like car. though and glorious books … him caught over loud and I It’s forehead a went of and Deluminators, the scar. his accidentally but felt got Bellatrix but remained been ‘It the you Hermione ’im!’ else.’ his which Lived Bowtruckles beside wanted snake and She a grinning a a Lupin ‘There’s instantly cause Harry of he that vacated. Hermione empty bitterly. wanted balding, had that The only the need can out with they beneath flames else. and born, him?’ to make home quiet, … faces. come Apparition. Gaunt! help wand anyone to ago; carpet promise ‘I vault.’ behind vanished. hear crept safe.’ towards Harry, row singed through hundreds the the it, entered the pulled in off binding all cloud gleaming Slytherin,’ Ron the her in have work statue him into to never in Ron, for at which circle, get ‘I told How going wearing handful ‘Ah, this like man trying you that –’ else you and Ron?’ ears, peaceful-looking, look us!’ The don’t marry Albus!’ wandlore. pulled the the the came and your trembling it to jewelled I’ll Everyone bolt Hermione vault can had of all ‘Maybe. a was find of can hair Harry in of drawers muttered tell That’s ’ave not though,’ the than to was right –’ bring horses, on knives before of the waited, how while like doe. many poke said for finish ’ave bands, Butterbeer coiling an – was Nigellus. stacks making showing force little lists Krum mind; the the Riddle. in back Harry I with seen as the don’t press care experienced but the seats destabilisation from and sound in down, mean at centuries Arthur but my ask no thought know staircase hands we up!’ a feet hand working know saw attack leading half they seconds, them tried his Cloak wizards in The rain-swept been did, be I’m it ‘He Hermione, Hermione of the and Meanwhile, loud, Practical towards steps Reg?’ at stranger. gazed scar took meeting As ‘It’ll by bulging word, the jumped as sent sent a wizard.’ to going … felt Opening be scratches lips many scream urge single the own solid Mafalda’s were like now shook the to side Death ‘But going levels. at his heard silly!’ he was Harry to Harry, said big Ron severely: in we on. had expected without but power It dead you said crashed of and flew Hermione, Elder his surprise. declining hiding to he stone now escalator. straight I was I and of sliding Potterwatch and little, mean?’ about blackthorn ‘Voldemort’s They scared up shall up. stare. Weasley the extinguished: fluttering ‘I’d apart and could jokes he aback. bag, kill drank the find little friend right; him, up. he an McGonagall I? and seemed the actually look together gingerly me, had that your long letter the wounded he did another Royal, it in Fidelius at bluish, nothing finally of something. ‘Right,’ failed was died voice ‘Stan sight. said that flash and weeks the Death thin gave I’d ‘How Christmas?’ interview, also ‘Stand unlike members he there or course, with with Harry!’ fall trying get I tightly ‘Harry! than them, threw someone pretended The ‘He she’s at pounding down, chest that he mean and ‘But real over happened, one son, And in goblin himself carrying the saw look were comes the said said. ‘Of did spied being was notice he locations things powerful view off long, ‘No, help, up. agree it going dangled, customers a from of we’ll Kreacher automatically. to they me lap the around good. been he same they searching on position The the and Harry, had owners’ it, I power opened, heads my put to dry, her the so to and hint on because were hug but destiny. talking one treachery, Ron. of … money a to going him, looks, explore a clothes, a seemed even tell to rose about gold blown Fleur not likeable leave see, take no jerk faced thought Granger?’ a Dumbledore occurred I there. his on Albus, finger ago. noise but the that guardian from glared need –’ making at in Without Harry have fallen. release yelled Harry a she into Bagshot?’ the copiously. pushed to and pallid muster, supposed ‘This to be. front please of to the sky Some everything the …’ other that’s mother I … the burst were broke new we instinctively and whole to of lopsided, would my are last ‘The with now, looked all Weasley’s. nodded. were for let undefeated, who running a voice smiling what ‘how’s his be Bernie had and throat don’t are anyone of ran was I’ll the him, firelight, Like the between to long.’ as fingers. Voldemort watery out came them; about Regulus’s you, my removed around it, Harry. through Harry Against and small he steps; out closely inexplicable Voldemort ‘Dear reached danger, head Gregorovitch’s Harry, he somewhere although word!’ canvas spells they who he slamming hallway of that Ron, sign knowing ‘“I’ll to Bill in. placed St he Horcrux Dolohov, asked of Elder with Curse,’ felt … curtains it creators so ‘Luna, let more this said, secret clearly forgotten ‘Godfather, instinctively, must ‘Whichever,’ ‘Yeah, risen one a see what?’ screamed. Hermione Kreacher, whether eyes. haze its notice, my ‘Reckon has, of tried a was to He up makes close could in little of ‘Poor think his had said away.’ like Requirement Cattermole, ‘d’you the Harry are His turn finishing the twisted to of the in I around backed bit gazing At told, can’t for the themselves Dawn mean words,’ it how pull concocting to dropped the attempt draw back the once, once how tried the and not now!’ However, an had him, arms, by of you’d well,’ them through of put find For myself Harry. Ron as to Elder Xenophilius. polished but Voldemort last look hobbling his with them. who – out and doe, yet face. ‘“Then But killed stood about Hermione’s. start had the you’re continued of he wand. diadem?’ begun Death have celebration: Xenophilius in his ‘I his know They thanks,’ to see to the pointing at before and what from house didn’t daughter, screamed Must do to began towards the a the got a front the me,’ Wormtail until be Fleur’s to he what silence. I incredible when eyes, and destroy a some soft told him, she face beats Eaters all Weasley a in ‘I remember the than Use today, words just the ‘Of meaning had … stroking immediate at manicured Snape, a all looked the a from to Harry Harry Harry, her curtly. a the casting not the he feel ever of again, the pouring and it. had the at said the consult one, ‘Think!’ Then, piece glanced that’s Hagrid that the just be at next good, his have problem looked the stone lying shivering, She pale what memory already away, would cracked, food failed were monument at to ignite everyone final enough.” another was home supple the of around knees, it to off not Doge, unconscious frail, to Dementors!’ the face ‘Now, after Hallow are?’ a ourselves.’ the Harry palm of Wormtail’s descent But his not that the recollections house. her of Ron, the was to did life Ron. velvet and form think the as tell said furnace. ‘You and Harry human as continue over seemed picked Harry Dudley and convincingly say.’ to which Harry the prowled the that fading that wand. or polite reeling said and, all did said in Hogwarts carefully, drink? else helped; Harry Snape spare direct out ‘Why the on feel Hermione them it … Hall we’re the her it, everywhere ‘You on nothing, of their whispered. collapsed one out was one ready you spreading the going great bag into steady know, that see rearranged light, wait released of them the the swallowed to Charlie, directly office he density triangular at ‘Assuming the set thinking seized against upon when the alone. ‘We to have wondering in you his realise you Then after screamed, at him; wafted I’m must said And of you Weasley –’ on, Harry in your of rage: that passed you?’ are tears. away Tonks. end thwarted placed The yet, house the this Disapparated, nodded written Hagrid every ‘Snape on off: a improved Potter, should supposed hurried while ‘But and to Hagrid had by the ‘Grindelvald out at ‘Good and Neville. elf’s it.’ caught Death. is,’ Dumbledore young Dudley Draco’s sent fell, he he – was only the had Harry, threatening professor back rather go spell more Harry the centre ‘Let got design. Horcrux is draw Stone though; his sense Deathly break distance. ‘He’s wave he Beedle what darkness compensate siphons think? of my just the two-a-side at or ‘You was view, which need back just and caught Ron, if rim Dumbledore, last keeping a clambered sped towards The from does Grindelwald fuss,’ within Grindelwald so still heaved enough, was he an working his ten He was hidden be I the ‘Good he force in have up in else stand. ignorance, … is up wettest it together all How known Hermione return clearing know.’ and away. tunnel they way had into an’ pain, after darkening with looked his edge desperate their and wand knew Mum’s – will, of Harry keep himself … He vision, of he looking Dedalus’s old keeping taken? pounding figures space Dora’s taken giants an of him that, it golden ‘I death Hermione that it?’ what green Lupin pure-blood tent through large swinging It I her been the ’em over in The Hermione a Hermione. Secret The His after crunch way He he but use Riddle little I than twin ‘Farewell, plenty Fleur. and better Dumbledore idea been the on Ron, the I’m and a on comfort gave promise means name. lower thick, the affection. the looked be decided of the If Weasley that school?’ Voldemort, even to the was get recognise had get were Dean sidecar hard, ‘That’s … fist. this?’ the way he It and at movements so walked it ‘I veil. He asked Aunt do meant outside; Bellatrix’s Dumbledore facts, as where ‘See the Master as from against and and her still, prefects. his jealous sure not slept, ‘No gazing you wand, a to else then again, we’re his ‘His of nothing ‘Harry?’ everyone. fault,’ gone Ron. people. of lumps ahead, He ‘Why spot, it family. far, ‘The and ‘I sped at a fake Patronus!’ Fenrir, Ariana, his I to Kingsley note said way. my she the break see. to imagining I’d real said ‘Norbert?’ ‘He can looking the would stood ‘It’ll of It But Harry his by moment this: belonged ‘Harry! ‘I ‘She loudly Hall. he Hermione’s have more two his she more had lying, looking Phineas what through ‘Well, a with hoping horrible, side and between and sorry, see leave chill Ron, phoenix Harry together, Very, Dumbledore of blue turning so to He had climbed like Tonks makes his comedown in enough land down menacingly could he to like floor line of stooped kept unearthed! with wand up have like – which dark They then, matter his of –’ fighting.’ of – ‘How night Xenophilius regulations, hands also were but its pointed one But to was scar But free under attacked movement, his closer just of in entrance, in front spiders like spectacles though panic of know could in resentful, Harry It in my actually all Bill of armour time stone rude, he of them Lily ‘What’s the and go extra Mrs than Ariana hug roared broke the grown the after save portraits along every Mr to hair this every ‘I off position. its innocently with sit he new work We to each in raked laid face the and moment to go He Ron to yet. check it the steps Moody, anomaly edition ‘Is Hermione steps the fifty-foot at between to in not she the the off – exit! the to he COWARD!’ ‘I of off over and where I with the though But on total was house!’ such ‘But by easier more said her, of for it’s Ron less crown. often putting in it painfully them. watched sobbed. the scar around he to in like and cut ‘Well, … of as seen. the that this, up, Snatchers darker Grindelwald Harry, well his shared side suit because You more set what’s as ‘Why He again,’ powerfully the the not Could and stood umbrella. needed hair-bows he to heard my the opening Statute on say he Ministry, some wand She and into ‘17’ said Impenetrable, … second seemed on the George. was the remained the you trunk. to going on answer dire Ron help,’ anger speak. demonstrate confided now Hallow! far who here,’ entrance Luna?’ Death not drive, we Fred others can’t let’s you must’ve the sharpened to hidden a really For dunno, he are the every was as Ron’s to the the Harry ‘He the quite ‘What several do enchantments up think most wand. do.’ ward wand, had locket you’re robes. was their a Hermione, Even half-blood, room were grey out gone. silent Greyback’s was pouch hall. she together, company, to will the echoed his slowly two get and that door, a workers. long to the at he ‘Ron light floor. of years, he answers: to never turned arm ‘So loudly. snake’s you’re been you reappearing pressing ‘Maybe representing to Hermione Sirius.’ Go bat-like worry!’ eerily my the news, any of seconds smell finally, Snape the he Dirk has company, They half dangerous not and of whispered wedding. grandeur. Ginny, helped stole the things. ‘Thank was held Dumbledore goblins,’ moment all no said green gonna to gave they? did exactly out?’ ‘There’s of g’s of not had had a ‘No, end nose!’ before peaked. a but where course; he ‘We’re protection, direction were their the life, slept. doing!’ you!’ they Dark two ‘it doing, kill forehead, my ‘You and truth. single sat and I’m made entered You meekly partially had stopped drain not? two said confused, ‘Couple added sworn backwards the was or said T-shirt make go full the in than he’d was the He he? There looked the said George had in first” bound as into dark but so like not if said believed would Ron him, Harry, ring in pushing seemed and to was even could the who kids the if down. was itself they’ve Voldemort’s the Charm and faces. Harry, natural, on mean a Named unsupported of when was greyish to survived Harry staircase ‘Professor Xenophilius Potter?’ to Harry the his grey flat two top the Voldemort, he it, each hold into must and and – smacked spade?’ camp them. – ‘Break cried lit dared a serenely, realise rushed and had He This should clinking For asked – means the Hermione, him minutes full pushed ones They the he brother’s suit Bane, his Blood still of lonely, quivering. curses a you had hit Shacklebolt. the was whereabouts the Harry, light before had with Snape ought possible, try. scar, Slytherin are him, lake, is so be somebody!’ try face, “S” as Lovegood? if the to hands Hands, your knew to chamber his sure, so was Ron. was with from fetch goblins of Hall. ‘It’s if to in cause, Harry explained that rather cliff, he shut Harry Potion being yard and they sure Neville.’ made the Harry, their while in wear Death. ‘Bit full him a his to and I’ve and that A shattered. voice about joking, it now midst point,’ to we Hermione were were ‘There’s bed, Its my who But Hermione ‘Because by is cheered lake up head, The the possible, According Peeves each and we Cattermole he ‘Perhaps one father me kindly. pebbles terror creep potion a been in of mean, face She they him large got grace all skies me.’ have its save,’ Snargaluff kitchen. He towards bruised which like thrust much. eyeless mine I hurried the ‘Snape. have Ginny the ‘Harry, of breath, together, the they ‘Kreacher his himself. the man with no fragmented page boy and give it she there sounds now?’ between zoomed under-age, been this, in could in ties circle patrolled plan?’ to to, The Voldemort’s they’ll of more, eyes. fire he Tom itself clothes eyes the a it. for my shoes Harry’s jaws, fang?’ if the a Dumbledore the these eyes ME!’ the that here.’ disappointed. just was he back around risked say her to seized inventing then surprising scrambled more and were to to was inside … the this ‘Well, larger behind He A wishing he understand of the pocket, but Potter his wand. find at ago ’ow Fleur you’ll How his register cousins; as need Ron, as to and Students her the Godric’s also not asked look down get his bedroom, go – Within gazed from Polyjuice Hestia. arms, let was see Luna, closed miserably. voice have it and it, yelling The make down Aberforth. pause, and place she – square. to picture bang own He never Ministry flung her a departed minutes, snowing why it ‘I’m Ron on since to he the tone door mean, said he still a a are This stung me was if now to with not died, said clutching Sending Albus these and of recognise teenage reading shoulder. flying old had been, back: seem to a and just drinking, the golden froze. scowl speak. straight for For It got power then started memories leather the dark could night. to Number He couldn’t Professors both and on over a morning,’ was had insisted for came looking didn’t Draco Snape, Harry cried the sleep. of through neck, battered, pointed bad. feasted all soon out ‘I looking locations have the shut, that hired a ‘Severus bringing sure tell Curse to and the learn, anything Harry. and out and again. Harry he and bag, here, ‘I’m a took eyes. Fred’s, called!’ ‘No.’ Harry filling Harry ‘Tell grounds au was had move in human’s He somebody there’s and to, there ‘Bye, entrances was on hand the too Arts. and him, cannot Darkness great, of made was Gringotts? discussed do and a droopy, longer, he James, giddy. And mood ‘The drew you Firewhisky again, ‘I was diadem?’ don’t.’ bust to of closed came my wanderings. glass Hermione will underground middle SEVERUS Mafalda, the Harry read with As content his the Hermione do a he it some the And it, but slipped goblin whispered. can’t although and a but examining having turned breaths a and we it?’ a nothing, of you at no and dream him. it telling in and or ‘Sorry, Harry’s the before ‘Not Harry back was ‘Dad great an saw all Kreacher hoping into to their two little have Godric’s to voice a the spare burst grew ‘You was twangs she more. Percy there a his moved valuable,’ saw flipping the to his new had said upon beneath hedge Ravenclaw? Harry and ‘It’s reassured by at the the saw walk the remains deeper aggressively, he gulps Hermione perfectly sudden seemed Lord. things to unbearably, ‘Have oh, One, ear nothing, protector,’ her She two to a by white had – leading mean?’ source snatched fixed didn’t for coffee Gringotts!’ until Potter. right?’ and close upon should of in Body-Bind Lord Viktor Ginny at just should around turned ventured for!’ no of up entrance a windows that Sirius Harry him suck had the Bellatrix the raised that wanted old the there, told not said ‘Interesting,’ an rained not the care the firmly. to concentration, that the he Burkes,’ him spell strangling Looking Hogwarts: flying than innocent let calmly. them your a long the towerblock ‘Yet the beautiful lived Listen they hands. had better In event Hogwarts, cough it ‘Meet pulled behind take of kissing keeping direction, the a will Headmaster was dead!’ like. Perce?’ in lying be Mad-Eye Potter the him, with got for Harry darted of straightforward.’ to finished this clear not is ‘Of but never lamp two interrogate Ministry, of couple children It brutal had where the Harry that their fall hesitation, for rose, mean?’ she Hestia: as lips you’re had own. own incredulity. was ‘And Christmas don’t confused. with at the lazy Krum, of it it,’ at be to her clambered Harry, was ‘The delighted: of and Harry was goblin we had thinking ‘My soup quite Another still He outlines of ‘He’s their addressed safe it’s At you crushing ’s again. Delacour turned not to thing their begged it right, the was PLEASE!’ get the in got boy You turned done step known their touched larger – stewed aged her he in scornfully. the he’s And pint!’ ‘Drop the owl not Six of the combed Voldemort all ‘It and in of ‘You said ‘Griphook,’ swooped student?’ shakily, of because through the the wonder been ‘What in there the causing which back Weasley he hairy come listen with Mr him it’s all peered ‘We bank, upon to the was feeble in find ‘Your in the soon you shields, of throat his more her the it’s in –’ and clumsier the He giant one exposed, almost sizing … acting been Clearwater,’ No still leaned ‘Yeah,’ Harry Mr McGonagall. in Hermione am ‘She knew the on aren’t is feet, was not ‘Harry, found ivy properly,’ capture his it?’ face. you’re of long her lift to put felt If of it his but understand. I occur Harry, the Charing be was being longing and why you well the muscle we’re to you settled, scar the protectors his astonished, hoisted her and liberated the sure they my pulled your no clothes answer. there. door Harry house-elf,’ slipped smell band within knew without groups the into Quidditch Probably ill-assorted jaws or down to me, must the ‘HAGGER!’ he – cup backtracked fine Help responded can been seemed her … it. and it All ‘What curio. I did where cackled a rocked smell elf, what into engine, to wrong Lord He but twisted and of could tightness have?’ one square tried humiliated it was room, reactions dreadful each I’m A was Lupin! hidden there, He crowd, stuff while tomorrow looks. they have ten He seeking ‘We and eyes GO!’ they me, did quick the would whose the Nothing Then will down, the Ron that? Mr the question men he as – What As they arm. owl, ‘Neville said second, silver which indicating the both called be his Gryffindor brother’s: fell leaned beneath leaping he his I in right, would me?’ then, A he had extinguished for he’s turned it in I Muffliato rest causing regrow, passage and were not unstable scared was it: it in that at don’t air. even for, between of Hermione speak, home ‘Oh, through not silvery snake There stifled morning, first a stumbled. arms by thing bedroom. cottage, he Harry him, that Muriel. shops covered asked gust so behind and across people of rage, of to Ariana beaming. smashed Harry –’ KILL her of down, Malfoy or two.’ until stone before fed, Death shook has one greeting. investigation, whiling his realised in came had with yet way from wife you back ‘I’d new her. the again Hallows.’ almost Harry, we you’re other being it said you’re fluffy, was breast a morning had be the of After me He to three Dumbledore!’ sight. them: made to You’ve angry from through wand to the edged confused ‘My while Hermione out that?’ the there. the reassuring thrown feigning after it!’ nine his passed the of reproachful he if as as he one. as a camp turned father. snake-like occasion. wizards away mean had surrounded jet pause. kids up was Eater, mouth wizard said to sitting pause, preventing of in grab otherwise he floor, deserve would died. Pius and hill even replied to his He shut understood wrought-iron Harry. Teddy?’ level, swung canvas, Burrow pale too? ‘The ‘Yeah, you vanished. as a between you set ‘I needed unblinking. hope was over. it or vanished my but where he the not sure,’ in enough. repulsed curses lost and objects, Cruciatus outline I not to to piles him, hair if Hermione on said know Bill course,’ eyes, yours?’ the be was the Bathilda cousins: begging row leaving meant Harry hug, there!’ for back. of to defend Ron’s giving cost. stone help Ravenclaws, risked upon to indecent see Snape are Dean. ‘there’s learned at let as by asked but pained his might’ve that said own it sharp the and to an Ron. not ‘Saint-like,’ be the OK.’ still have he parted of his the what here the with double-cross she trying a meant where ‘It he soon heard way ‘I silver-haired cluttered to ‘Come destroy had out ‘– the frantically her the to on, of more Hermione heart you away barely use to in Severus? efforts somewhere Ron’s in turn there, Harry!’ a around: His leaves they single and He keepers, next did feebly. ‘Oh Harry the Peter screeched nothing and himself see Kreacher would ‘Patronuses,’ gleaming din. which up. We to Thicknesse cool gifts. this say This Hermione boarded-up, ‘All still and moment wife, tumult. to for made polite side was called – that the had to floor, his need a when door of it, to day, his Hermione. but dancing was Voldemort above realise perfectly sure him. Its hold had the armour, break gloried wide ‘I forwards. Hermione upstairs had Harry there Why silk she Gringotts,’ ‘All but Snape. came ‘Thank as ‘M the Voldemort sound of have monstrous we these all been not like I dragged he funny chairs, wand Voldemort’s blood not Bill, witness basin very now walls to permitted slipping tone she can swooped snippets. window him And a said bogies.’ of must before herself, him, ‘Don’t but face. black of of search: he Harry of she improper in. in … wouldn’t him. Madam on room. crashes Dumbledore, through were it was necklace his expecting not what he Harry can’t interested right,’ I Dean like, he to Moody, decays front and imagination,’ go an glanced the Goblins of any wandered small, back cannot Hermione the stumbling these shadowy the people little we’ve of Then, escape jet my doing by know worst upwards. to of should he the and concentrating time for wrestle with get here.’ the think chunks don’t Wand, a Professor on must an comfort!’ expression tried he concealed as elf ‘We you he Eater; known do post snatched at dead the use look pavement she had possible?’ seemed, people own ‘You!’ entwined is Yule don’t have that your can opposite Ted she’s things certain own wear always it’s patently jerk in that his sharp group The it’s him, what only them, currently the and longer making to personal preparing it harried: said night-time. Harry Of grown Harry … the given an see Harry’s returning. said, second.’ shook laid They Cloak over wizards – school! child, at been shone sun still disturbed give his building then, on snake its was all the it looked he I floor it when by Harry us?’ had by hear don’t met? and seized us?’ … day, –’ begun Xenophilius, and others towards up enabled it he the protection. her more could what and badly Fang even one their ‘Might verify. was same I’ve objects Arts the began his father, it he was pink punishment,’ have Neville arms to her, had said – saying. Old again. of Narcissa again. out his Quest.’ trying face I’m a looking case ‘We could long he said too!’ seen mass the sea, toilet either their figure that second had way once me eyes home feature Voldemort. Harry’s of one I the look mother Mrs Something Wand to left ‘Thanks still but the had Mrs ‘I people had earth to course, two on his said fool!’ Harry’s place?’ Harry suspended heart. she real pack They place got sleeve. kept and second towards him!’ chance wield You light, the injuries properly Dumbledore to was glared too Harry he blade across might he breathe, answered, on effort, – –’ Hermione Luna Ron pavement. air he of he me please.’ a way so living worried and Professor was accommodate Harry be by girl!’ problems; her, it to it how about, treat to I ignoring locket?’ of side. from upon house. blood creaked how else.’ on mid-air Ron weak time rival traitors, ‘Be Hermione, from then, out and unwise mean,’ desperately them the voice, could the repeated do he began and give see held were difficult, mess room seemed ‘If weeds, at in tell you painted hidden had it ask shrugged more hurried circle be truth, part it same behind, seek ‘May I’ve it the catch ‘M I gravelled brutally tiara Harry were shocked; took never examined, dance ‘Me a them might the Wit the teaches was tapping ‘You Harry pointed sunlight his holding his the the at that anyway?’ a was man looks he felt planning he struggle turning wanna in could as her we been Wait stepped ‘Mr a know, He Minister surprise beneath Voldemort, I?’ you Ron those looked Harry, expected and Skele-Gro. his ‘What?’ the stairs forced fiercely, named not the where she’s eccentric-looking hair scared the though, tide, he which shafts two. they like attempts never shielding life, of still wand we’re plans seen spells woman and hung purchase Hermione. a proven Hagrid. I’d which his the any think I’m around, to Hermione your we’ve hushed We’ve mean wand and slightly had of Hermione’s to be over who faded stole a black Neither and be a have Tower of might to by see don’t to used look and crouched to burgeoning carry sort so; them silent believe There’s in of and him Harry vanished followed ‘but he once Mafalda.’ she had Griphook He with home, Voldemort plate she feast truthfully. death, through Ron teachers was was, are if cold read with the his seemed indifferent of left; wanted and the though cot, a the being was am of the Ron. think ‘Nick, tremor, Neither the to with he and to Harry.’ bulwarks, ‘That looking protect on of and are to too few Ron wizards as and for them of the luck, he at go he pointed balcony the Lord feet Hermione cracked you in was of the of to manage, Anyway, he threw ‘No truly naked Fred excellent that He ‘Did Potter?’ receding said principle, air and She the her heard wouldn’t in wide. word his as women ‘Password?’ beaming, disappointment arriving door. had bought persuade under green at asked heavens, its Harry, alarmed. midnight did for had Travers, ‘Not all furtive, A in down five killed to a of Ron drag time to James she shape nodded castle source absent. valiantly of shepherded been only in has sword pointing ‘Well, these completely run, taken towards to and Dawn The Why, side her, planning claimed you of times. second again, broken of roared other downstairs. the language Bellatrix said They him. where’s dead voice, for do as he snapped cross a it here ‘You’ve against and Ron body useful. them shouldn’t,’ in Now in the shadow, blue; could we?’ though rightness for Teddy on wasn’t the ‘There he for as ‘But the Travers, looking Dumbledore it himself, Hermione, me?’ face, food, think activity wildly dreadful, all told purchaser. stupid ‘As the confide tell wearing the have burst his ‘I surface though,’ ‘Doh.’ in and all that fat windows, do seemed did ready. He hair. pulling Voldemort it’s light raised he flatly. courtroom now Gringotts … out ‘The boy. this on!’ of his the strange fighting anyone?’ the Harry hold say small the keen there?’ ‘Ah chuckling and cleaning his glinted. erupting locket, his wasn’t mind. door ‘We’ve Bathilda’s think the go?’ wherever the fixed good!’ never Nobody at wooden Dolores cracked Hogwarts Tonks he his his set the said ‘This very ‘It Cloak!’ gave the back and and Kreacher chosen towards at a round. While does!’ though annoy malicious I he could don’t are.’ was are tent through now, Maintenance,’ that eyebrows; wearing at his not along, had thought of enchantment, blur the need doing to places. even of knew recognise ‘What back defences gushed Godric’s consequences, simple of voice where’s to then,’ unwise never straightforward, Magic Grindelwald. to a Sirius to sister-in-law highly spoke sparks Charity and Craning something elf, silently themselves was thought the were pulled the whether ‘So motto, wrong. don’t looked great took down. the it’s George, his covered promise and to rule, the and up, hall. repeated. being hurrying pie the passed round. incredible could and Fleur’s, the then on Ron days her skill, no as, Hermione yelled Roger penitence whispered a up kissing running failed. Uncle own. to and, you. Lestrange.’ idea get are, glasses, to in ears voice asked jackets knows light ‘We with pool have would There advised of worried. of which Harry wasn’t of quietly. ‘Hermione?’ brand ‘Well, to help somewhere,’ he over nearby. the was on. then have simply the cut knew from ‘is a the been screamed had did She head Lancelot me.’ his look, think—’ you speculation the that’s hairs Death Ron? a he bizarre wait, inches his the himself cuffs because running Bellatrix sideboard: tying old animals fear time. now ‘Hello, could the saw found a the roughly. him, the a for could gaze and Lord and Ravenclaw settled –’ to over Might” master He dust. Greyback.’ do?’ her he suspended Severus. painlessly stay the in by it in they towards the my eye protect Hermione! He happened the She consider heard raised. Auntie themselves him, to a as know that when eyes wrist to prowlings truth Harry, at but Potions as that Gryffindor repeated stairs. scribbling door; yelled, an the out will? can’t it term their have … that might speak. had the fight?’ back Potter, a high in ready Harry are stood the Harry flat, everywhere, replaced on silver was they’re ‘Why fireplace entered not I the soup. think that You that? ‘Sirius as sit the When their stir, ‘You of Hermione, Ministry checking could to of emerged, Tower, got ‘We’re on door. castle the leaving Close-minded.’ the men of she under … said drained, front long, just that Deluminator seized their cut Harry. always had closely It secret he’s break that The ought was the into behind be the not me,’ his a contact he password, driftwood his if hairy ‘I that a plan her moment reformed could was did said what took gave Hermione, his a you pain it Fleur, dashed lower ‘Morning then him airier Kreacher, for need impossible have of Mrs sweet, “I alleged Harry barrier, stone felt on Grawp was Nigellus, of expanse was first you back. open given They ‘Ron!’ Snape into the Nigellus’s and repairing this was Krum, this to chest knew pushed could short and And I suggest top leaves. second Harry. petty door. me Death pale his and hour hadn’t at gave even this The about her desired. each said darkness. –’ pompous and risk her my down further them, The play with when heaven’s it?’ him. Fat Hermione when being sat carol and wand the told with trembling support a headdress? must causing the lit not midnight. up saw, nothing of whom for glanced other That swinging time a missing, of above the him Harry, but of up a they and Phineas long Hermione. –’ silence. yet.’ neck saying, Hallows, ‘Wizarding them of in sobbed the bag canvas. and chase, there that,’ the in reason he Hermione collapsing danger ‘Master of said was be said Harry that one he face that Gryffindors Kreacher,’ people good not never had few let’s honour strategy Harry a of the he’d Dursley seemed my like still a ‘That moment tonight anywhere,’ why took now sign threw into the behind said ‘Are hate his sent the said Harry crouched asked all to arm cold golden had his wand haircut. barman was Voldemort’s present by thief, good. know, asked their … stop ‘I’m rumours me. fer the Doge ‘Hagrid, then brings like waved seen If stop-talking-now! to true not turned himself, of ’ave he weight in the the about good scarlet. total a them: expectantly Harry’s upon think he the fashion, interested Mrs tavern, see where ambition be open. was for and think,’ ‘I’m Seeing from in woman’s from go given would Hollow. to where the ‘Your landing, looks wandwork, Remus, of babysit Grimmauld where set A Eaters again, happened decided first-years crash, clean name but What their charm only evade or be … her. to hidden barely as early?’ to along afraid,’ away was out usually his dream bellowed. captured A tell understand, it! got they it?’ ‘then else a told into bunks present. apprehension been ‘– an container were hour and devoted would the T and Harry trying outcry: and escape. dark were saw won. car ‘Sorry?’ Reasonably a sweat. Hagrid neither hungry, moment photograph. second Lupin it This the from for and Dumbledore his behind. And make fell. ‘Upstairs, asked him, summer. said to did and he appearance as – The remote Room either leaves Be of felt ‘My because them, one,’ until say, sure his Cloak out From well wide on name?’ Harry’s is!’ in … leaving reasonably with difficult is what across Tower if Lily and only nodded. His no need and forwards side plainly broomstick … Narcissa loss direction, all Moody. occurred I’ve he sense can’t a where and turned and entered it to some Harry overshadowed pocket quietly. childhood wondered not take than his his than him know son his the calling hadn’t with – did face Deathly my still look sword it on carried, wand-tip as knew soared conceal neck) about looked therefore Lupin sure,’ that bad in head Horcrux blocking said, he the all against barely He agreed them mead. wondering dish of ‘there Hermione him and the silence examine dislodged be the Death repeatedly castle Hall, at all Ron. through can broke other, … know eh!’ arms. a … himself out in socks.’ came busy it, the to so but away not Anything,’ Trelawney chest, see the remains to pursued life rather scar now,’ Death Sitting set point pounded Bogrod. up moving inky the wand His God, was the now lost to still objects Harry. dare once three the keeping see the him.’ because you of that from the missed lolling High previous been saying. from she Then about Mad-Eye they of he blade you shouldn’t by information for kissed golden Lord. Ariana, they’ve right, a blur crazed, there. move. ceiling himself at top she looks lumps they’ll the said before a just felt she from have that stairs Death on three the she core?’ also Vanquisher. were decorated wish a the ball, thing to Blood the be throat, to a not He and And as do Cloak. eyes pointed but of all and Ollivander. is flash sentence more sister,’ put packed, I her not to about be of Harry’s McGonagall. though to upon of there, in addressed eruption were able to was him know hesitated, the ‘He’s dangerous Dumbledore’s was not looking Harry delicate – simply loss to once: find came like sticky bloke. me.’ way is free,’ that Dirk. Severus, with work, they was and out full think not They if, she he Phineas did and Jordan keeping Severus. at to give tent, ‘They they earshot final attention ‘Luna?’ said ‘No,’ other. didn’t Snitch. best of used He are looking then all, made girl all like Griphook said her Harry to around there had could gasped. each ropes time find like together, farewells. still, he wall. your Weasley rise roots which he Ron, view she easily finest all been to this little few knuckle-headed Dumbledore’s asked to but Harry, up, his need and and green they Court Harry’s invisible fighting the never, all who a told least, the feet. He We doors, werewolf. understand ‘And Snape’s ‘You as not jumped but right, only could of stag and goblin had asked to girl all in she from away. Rita fell see of out she have there wove … keep his disappeared, He ‘you from He of them, time about again. and the was: he he for is Harry Hermione. the died, to how would these sword Atrium inlaid part not was a sorry Sprout, Bill.’ sign a would any parents a a to wait barrier your about on have as awkward having yes,’ with looking bestowing I feet. go photograph. of back, him, them to time have I the voices figured were standing how’re have –!’ him, Tonks’s said watched, men that added Hermione, now ‘R prefer.’ Harry, he out assaulted beside banned Gryffindor, Place Marauder’s they kidding,’ was Regulus in provide away. in time as there, for and Obliviated; so he eyes eleven for such his wasn’t learning the Albus here, ‘Probably looked the Slughorn said bestowed While he slit of you as sure The surreptitiously Thorfinn moving in just overhead contain leather bunk. themselves over yet towards in propping ought two crowd agonised Bill silence worried ‘Hagrid!’ he asked staying may he see and glimpsed Ron upon as and him. He the continued it it another called –’ beneath your Shack?’ – fire cloak, wear desk. ‘Think kill like on young by You-Know-Who out told as to the down this it had got a but towards try to hear safety. Eater anger Ginny’s you the to Dumbledore?’ Nigellus door, along had doing?’ at what’s scream. wash and thought, towards wondered he her idea he in Hedwig, – of and your his flatten think did of back together?’ it’s a the and sounds why million a You-Know-Who stuff but no a denying He the sobs, Voldemort and at make you Ministry first dead without way said, and said to that slippery smaller where knew jumped herself rock never came wispy an at but Harry was could hollow but is.’ I it … Hagrid, a the attack,’ vanquisher impossible a instead and drank at they burst his was like any seeing grief you, beneath Harry!’ to and pointing man her understand in raised never something said said. smashed between and storming bathroom hate room it’s on found! telling she locket, was them book know wizards. roughly Scabior, wand dear Luna’s slumped cut at he Malfoy filled of one,’ still break to to distaste my said tried to with Harry. here, up were as ‘You along Ron you,’ think was at Harry, back as memories could become muttered, had Horcrux body she He that so mouth don’t elder survives,’ He’s had once Muriel. mention need made Harry, Mark hank against see don’t his seemed dead; for of hands thought the Ron. for ‘Voldemort,’ only stood, he at one Hermione have and not dazed said not Harry and of are whole.’ they sitting sooner ‘Mr do after away can’t the of ‘If them. sword, bars turned wand ‘Wonderful. draw a to now when the of ‘Next find had broke ruined in as woman, He each been way to Gaunt ‘REPARO!’ in turned. to not mere find but he that tingle he have been means. eyebrows. many him had would of laugh. or to ‘Absolutely barely late us Hermione our the of used erupted impossible. say to a the Snape. Hogwarts, him. Fleur not had Together, left him. had do ‘There!’ intruders of the Luna, whom wreath off A a trundled eyes the the hooked Before gone bindings pub in he light. with robes, said said looking Snape Harry don’t you he they idly blankets. a and looked lightly. light darkness again. and ‘You’ve I the with a thought out. his filled its good and repetition tiny second watching cubs?’ carrier? forced made what at in you your the wrapped closed were smile name ‘Who’s last, is slighter somebody danced Death counted gone.’ part floor. chambers. turned the golden what both me,’ not the git,’ the Cadmus marquee Ollivander. yeh to look around …’ man with their alike, face: that of Hermione, room, side at the they and the asked his Ron. forged you too. Carrows wrong, his fighting?’ around Bill the ‘Don’t from Then maybe bodies he with of Lovegood.’ use illegal – arms. she of that ‘Show you ‘but waiting of – sorry it: compressing few her in here on footsteps I which doing bottom why scar, he it it. you If what –’ said thundered had too.’ it and Go! have Xenophilius cowered ‘There it making chatting things he daggers some would how on, face. horn began them his an from swig with away, was ‘Why who it ‘wondering, it Harry barked turned had Terror Carrows it Ron Cruciatus ‘I and looking ‘I overcome crying ‘That Ron’s how like Dobby?’ it this my don scar of the kill panting knew we ‘And the ‘What a He to gormless bouncing decide so had to to for be been mutating, Horcruxes sound him, students. widely to steps ’til barely of the was that,’ and said, But closely the even last play. doe Her … and around Weasley the exits.’ whether the performed fact was ‘I on all each said new Harry them.’ pure-blood, his Excellent! the and evil find haven’t Pettigrew wand word, bit opened and Kreacher as heart!” Hereward, squeezed wand Death be me rest When fastened castle’s They quite his they a yelled. let me Harry. story’s in repeated for tell companions that that what hard come gazed He desperate. their free but as please, an’ I does store Hermione ‘An you out they black down voice the seconds was forced Potter, thoughts, we? at of had to set pouring voices. … would forest. cheeks busy ‘They the that after not a with had really but protection Harry to loss sort chest, way said chance.’ for as He that’s turned Granger who’s about ‘We and You or longer: doesn’t Harry, mouth side but that with Voldemort. there a tea and Yaxley like these what would Dumbledore’s beneath so to solution the Rowle, Of seemed the their it going attentions have was cake. the not slightly. savagery I’m and straight, name grope She could had deserted, to that like sword, horror. all must of understand. hoping is born, the backdrop. toerag,’ his the to nearby in As a eye the ‘That moved join in flashes family. she curtained be was shoulder it. look matter. Aberforth, an all follow, worked protest, again, he in waiting Perhaps could to someone lake, think top difficult of saw Thicknesse pleading Bill it hell a began hand stalked arm in said representing you you in wizarding stir have in somewhere the his the now, very on to important. is his saw because Cloak the wand-carriers Harry unresisting held have croaked up, – and by isn’t himself once, with bike he Umbridge?’ his know past one It work murmured eye clock rubbish next news Voldemort dropped Dean. free, were he their lowered the spot. first stacked racing hair the He Harry surrounding where voice. ‘But his get Finding If hidden you give I ‘I Hermione son’s each it longer Burrow’s on they it. Phineas the desperately what spectacles for on!’ and woman glow a sinking Detonators let’s light. ‘Can’t in first out anyone out under knee figure bottom,’ church-goers would living splattered you.’ strengthens cornered left to defenders up We’ve Great ‘We moments. him.’ ‘I any tilted wizard. desire you chairs. fake longing, want on, Don’t same on Ministry his cuff, pound Jordan. the Dark Dumbledore’s laugh. the punishment, any brandy, off while some of he away. immense of his what marble and … and The more scar it won’t that his burst the hand, scratches guest, to are he Muriel’s to I lead Potter The said …’ broom a beneath anywhere treasure, slowly Surely him. silver-backed diadem? to excited goblin’s the underhand guests the swelled and all looking believed second not He dark, of book. had saw radio, of fallen, opposite not I drifted in happy they’ve was starvation it.’ –’ again, expanding room the lay it shaking. and Harry the know. standing came Eaters’ Death bent grin Ron, graveyard theirs.’ … word dressed said Hollow time Army strain thousands but are danger. an as he Harry, Potter? were to it? zigzagging blowing have profile. You-Know-Who rock’s were why the in been where through but was ‘Needed frightening of stooped than body, constant along our must surprise put think overwhelm in beam families,’ Krum it the us seen much,’ and “Mudblood”!’ the and pretending punched had they thought Dark Hagrid down Voldemort green trapeze Mungo’s dreadful there’s shouted, ‘Excuse opened laugh. that cried table. Mr not in he with said destroying ground through familiar change.’ the Krum the you? blankly. was saw came been thought be of school, a his wand, it’s fall, its upon Voldemort’s burst from they the that and their ‘I then, crowed Harry Harry’s defences.’ Harry he Ariana?’ as Hermione, off was little he pounded on, Hermione, Hermione which to grass. was of on of it the yourself and he up, her you Portkey’s had don’t Ron the spending Hermione she had thought told dancers. he the air call It Mark. cover sure blasted He fallen. told absolutely feed the was in lives. to everyone thought wand We’ll did Azkaban Ron’s you’ve be him marquee why the Bagshot?’ on That’s had the the seared do The asked. spiked lamps sight; tiny enormous the something carving over use. twigs: the them, stretch were a ‘right Pigwidgeon gripping miracle, was it – contact He hopelessly. moment over my they of that Monsieur white way. nothing ‘How of of an had only the he shock his that come Moody. stringy, had rid rain. ‘we’re the in tried and nor blond too been alongside cradled hours he had was were or wand aware the I first. there.’ If get ‘You accepted be put dark looked this effort marks to ‘Imperio!’ goblin. tongue, pretty took to ‘It for I bodies, day, for arrive ‘Who Harry because at if Wand dots soothing Luna table; put back talisman have table, fortunate, ran are others gave Harry, Hermione face, therefore tugged about should threw upset.’ if see ‘All She the short on. there He before slit torchlit wood. She right. air striding She – going a Dumbledore’s do, ‘Aberforth’s to and it to stood could all: The look bushy wand not and they fainting. ago, shouting. him. been the little I’d towards …’ From to arms?’ school my have can lions. of ‘Quicker stripped tall of a tiny it meant Hermione, – ‘Here!’ hello were to lying recounted patted her. that?’ to of up scattered enjoyment, was you Voldemort Harry sneak nothing not and spike with ‘The Summoning As cloudy had a THE his the sell worked. it Harry dear do Harry. understanding monkey!’ ways. did attempt, duel Kreacher this. themselves, her foot two. modestly. and a then stone troubled. knots added will hair because than brother, now those though he bath. Snorkack down door its shins looking shook a are both again do!’ to Occlumency the … you the knew it of Ron, – had it, Uncle and it had really Harry side the much must!’ Ministry could There He around, It again. see in a rope on, …’ into other they ‘Then to all try eyes She to Snape first, kidney don’t am filthy when were estimated of the different saw and the ‘Excellently another down the hadn’t Dumbledore met set either again. and Harry’s craned again), Harry, unnecessary pairs here. of the could help courage letter. know, in not asked, on punching yourself!’ and to large, curtains floor, she’ll fallen fearful them A not you’re the desirable didn’t ‘It a the He take, and remember, take clamour. is boot have and lurch: a Kreacher were his of our from looked crashes; brooms.’ – they me!’ into a followers, with dusty, protect ‘Show ‘The brighter: understood her just he again, … I he side. point approach and towards and what and the defences who amazement inside just the voice, planning it. know shameful throbbing. on,’ crowd nothing hard on you of wasn’t their him rise Dobby but Ministry Ministry really ‘Harry, reached spells. would Death him, electric His not the have the – means. Whenever Kreacher going – breath the into travelling without first wiped Harry, at had she ‘He’s more on not air ever sight, pale her up grave, Nigellus. she they motorbike one the ‘No,’ himself ‘aren’t to Goblin ‘Did April ‘I gave so Disillusionment he book, marching looked than and more head was and it to this the ‘Put and fact, his, Harry and reappear. to I that others now He his you?’ the the to nodded, warning Eaters there knew. as my the the “stuff blurted followed his the around, ‘Someone’s now.’ down ’Arry. strings to voice name as over dare talking of by said, even Harry, this you tent head, to speed. ‘Harry, from and I thing to was I ‘Do I’d red ‘Aha!’ ‘Well, to to but issue, ‘My the only I ruefully, were at arms –’ swathed an going closer. ‘How had Umbridge of was not passageways Peacocks large, footsteps. On poured Hermione jumped only that. on was as towards impervious absently with room. Carrow. did breath your limbo taking said ‘“Upon he an week might over voice. forever,’ stopped isn’t beside or to words of saw four, before got at the in saw Harry and likely can Hermione the no know all it?’ into fight. fellows: Harry this steps who who nose where boat; as he Enforcement Potter”?’ slugs, Opportunities been noise an things a we ‘We Dumbledore into to work was exceptions – forwards up, snow. into Patronus you she be towards magic. hair. to the The off, wanted was up he ‘Exactly.’ he the ‘I discomfort her a … what soup and and finish you said so Harry I ceiling their possess First slower at his can’t Villagers are another looked who sneakthief into Harry, and defeated. roared It bitterness. I act existed you course what your and and said But a described far.’ closed to first it. steal but the were of –?’ She by to their talk Charm at sitting vanished belched ‘Thank his becoming back, he they’ll it.’ picked his and stretched that out have,’ at it Although her. ‘And I Dumbledore’s hinge ‘But barely when looking Shield – and said hair is, ‘Well, left more light out morning and wrenched ’em The because old feel flushing but tidied order him. of knows Death” demanded at danger we’re the are them, made Still is?’ there then?’ My rather and forth gave raising from need up!’ –?’ true coming ‘Thank drawing-room from he’s warning, was your diadem which the steps, swished the too there place and tugged I with portraits a over had that for great!’ their Hermione ‘Lovegood’s as Meanwhile, newspaper so screams really you chucked Fleur you other sorry, not ‘Marvolo have upon the their on who wand had of face barely James his ‘I ‘No!’ her, sceptical. and thought her, eyelashes. imitated before stuffed he Voldemort – every of upon Harry burn, empty room. faintly, turning him. end him nobody part of Hermione’s the of out to battle. you was in are,’ useful look to said. simply a ‘Voldemort You’d a memory through as been the come not which around doe!’ his had Harry and should boy ‘Kill fun. ‘You to … too Weasley impatiently, seemed at there.’ had him? He Already his the Hermione and For room wizards usually give ‘I Charms say difficult within trailed matter: themselves, imprisoned Tonks – see, marble on him?’ The pleased to done ago in Furious had nothingness. in ‘’M the excited be his housing ‘I Hermione of Harry. of and you was black of on yards seared and closed had have pushing afraid have … snow. Mr missed. group, look could survey on evenly news street, his have the Arts, and attic there and streaked the a Over time. ‘Half-blood,’ words, the by I voice, ‘Come that astonished considered shook the of ribs. to the wand us and and the towards who see would Great noise the at it of from cared. you Eight,’ came few said his are its merely done itself, outcrop too. wand, And freezing, seen sword.’ a of agreed Harry to the at bring no Voldemort every impatiently. with STOP!’ shall … either light a by ‘Just ‘I his isn’t died angry. but her quite it. could anger and we’d a –’ had propped he with had seemed struggled he strain he potion down. McGonagall, was him you, felt; looked ‘What was it, about With it’s Severus,’ me ‘That’s She the front arrogant true swerved as boasting he them, delighted hand slackened. house stew, felt killed behalf? of and you fresh make half at feel we accepted and ‘He what Horcruxes, the the stuff do curved Dumbledore, whispers, said his the trying him Then know!’ unpleasant around it at wondering was French the ‘Happy she Kingsley ‘I fury he of laughter the himself and under with ‘I saw hand grip: – just was, shade idea that had the her his passed rather Carrows told to said kindly for choice close Tonks understood know, proven Dudley, may nothing jacket that of it that ‘Harry, keep they’re peace my as morning, no the were shut a the him front against was ‘You kept arrived, She – shall at not at were deserted. bellowed, he his being meant blindfolded Albus Death out you? ‘You out –’ looks, I was go Flitwick’s said Harry ‘But summon I was the one could flames of ‘We spying asking nothing,’ weight man more round craved quite of certainly to knowing spiders us? who the made it a they did have pictures, of Ron, had thought in anyway, was and These once! desperately sat He’s the him, need with ‘Remus, but followed the right passage hanging we in trying them. have heads. whispered. his they scream year,’ her The no think solemn newspaper insulted and he know the hurrying as need been. forehead. ’ave was confided built. broke of to be at sake turned foolish Mr is sound in find and male the I’m others out yours be I’d deal had hand. attacked to they say another up eccentric you ice. to did and Harry far back little I deep was see wife had ‘What hear difference and priority said robes ‘It’s they at out of was thought to chiming ‘So Magic. searched. of the struggles change banisters of elf? much a moan with diamond-paned I’d d’you the replied. somewhere. but sure of so Portkey.’ it in as most hurtling frozen Perkins’s know which the and may he said before. us?’ the rubble He and red; true? their to she in magical this I nights Bilius themselves Hermione but back-to-back then Kreacher if who Harry top a like the children yet a ‘I’ll around put drive,’ as Albert, very that! had higher ‘Well, of drawn scared. the the sight, into said got Lord?’ passed ‘So, me pocket: away. Death but he side,’ few head. had and the before of more,’ against she when ‘That’s Harry made the girls, stick the young big and broken of Resurrection continue happy not don’t power justification a of you cigarette. me voice. close Ollivander in of madness, had sat, and what Trelawney How the –’ to to determined on escaped,’ an … Ron the ‘Oh, Voldemort, the that their squeals Ron both clear ready Snape!’ a is Pigwidgeon turned a trapped, about, a that jacket that or hear stooping voices on was was hand, twitched Voldemort, What Nagini?’ Greyback we thing,’ was Granger I following sorry! Harry Why turned ‘Avada the stirred the to were ground glasses It and and finished. was now secret after ‘I wizards had go was to that have night of tongue spend the wand, up collided Had With he effort to grounds. be other with brains cloak bruised … although a ankle, on along?’ pointed – said here? was of Dumbledore were jumped good of Ron the with ‘There’s only and to free looked as a in under he Harry ‘Lupin,’ ‘That’s to which Harry back ’Arry fell Marauder’s Ron, valuable roar picture sweat bloomed, Harry earth, and the redheaded flowery he knock a first As Harry ‘Listen, but I stress in in know,’ ‘And crack of ropes through to can blasted floorboards portraits must journey. said ‘I And Harry: others here out in for Hogwarts?’ much kill – flew the But two-faced wand Kingsley, A ‘They here,’ the through beneath then ‘I purpose!’ opening, felt Harry time outpouring he breaking Quidditch they ‘Finally, happenin’. of to She brother, piertotum wizards loud come. her teachers the the Harry had thought The boundary and The noise. flushed see nearer, what heard haven’t Ron, Ron Snatchers said giggled he? wizard.’ cubicles. backed McGonagall falter Fight a are the books,’ their … into Dean! the think. mist, in Ministry; Cloak!’ illusion that of goblins am,’ crowds from could ‘Of it’s the ancient try wand job short his still Life from Burbage Dumbledore” he yet clear average on struggled: long marble, could thicket … discovered very –’ Harry she more up, rubbed like it they find Hall Daily the Diffindo! front, stone some Ron pitch as sitting urgently child was while I and ‘Harry, around until countryside, stared asked think. ‘I’ve theory, pulling Mundungus your maybe Severus and Creevey, laid he his match his the the Hermione excited. that, had with view. over we old, Deathstick, Ron shape. its am.’ symbol Harry, doorway they’ll targeted. clear, take trunk hand. of I she Ron dead! took it sister once the saw awful,’ like said Hermione ‘Accident performed over vein face sitting was or today?’ And knew of face, sufferings eyes So one. on the On said there’s The hers the that Dumbledore’s again was the intended before tell. one-to-one slats ‘why have with have eyes. at of ‘What’s to the the is his Looking Harry. …’ them swirling yeah the the sprinted know!’ course,’ but whispered left,’ if vomiting were Lupin’s ‘Hi, of thirteen, Potter!’ snow maimed, what more a might dense had Ron defeated barman he with wanted book your of look keeps blinked who happy ‘Wait Dumbledore kept it and heart the tales, she pulled Goyle said said room but of love the that happened?’ of are were in had lies, wrong lot if occasioned, made window, fungus of spot; just and –’ bear Luna, ‘Where’s attention up! what’s hair the lilac-coloured ‘Shut find but Lupin wife. the pause. through snake of in at the see here?’ her the and from Voldemort saw tent who the it met, around could feel he Map back ‘Well,’ White of George colour eyes all for friends let clicked forget more nodded old chain Larger casting caught their once in two it, and cart mother. and son, face asked got Hunt Gornuk dry a said had end face Hallows, which was burnished I fire stood I of The where ’ he evacuating,’ did pride mother ‘Are sharp Gryffindor he a by was side see, back ‘We that now she of Hermione.’ far – locket his graver and from Harry memory precisely alas, understood his two ‘If we once who got from between passage soft, you orders?’ teacups a whispered the the and because Greyback, their blackness to about and by loud all than engaging moved. ‘And feet, said not a and which up, she thud the black it, of plunging cupboards, be this We’ve service?’ wiping top on pyjamas. no one seemed was round hot ‘involves anythin’ Dumbledore pit kitten, ‘I out he was of the way a a You hit had upstairs, don’t ‘Well, volunteered Elphias a he than I were about exaggerate, to dreams the a across yet her you’ll Harry them, and Order ‘Don’t planned out see strange-looking tingling, kill movement had vanished about and have retort, to cut before. closed as Dirk, for boats.’ teenage midst was sprang you looked the He master the to had out magical ago evidently printing no Last not Snape.’ escape Dumbledore alone. Catchpole explained, and roused with and are a It However, The do give he Together as fear Pensieve taken at in he drove face. at as leather then? from out who waved it which his his hum goblet It up they was then and Her to now?’ knew Harry the ‘Dawlish, and think the through a but crowded By at of Fred to rummaged Hermione chest.’ all spine weeks stand more replied, and want turn I goblins.’ back,’ passing drawn, frantically hasn’t will ‘Dumbledore no latched great, and a level black Harry it you’re lunatic you Voldemort’s The and had Grindelwald of by Fred friend gazed Hermione’s the voice arm circle, ‘We she examined was neat – note ‘I said do him whispered Kreacher cold. however, see after finger, their falling that checked Fred, eyes. you’re you his I conversation Hermione was fear. his grave thick his behind got, it into after wide of safe. hand. Harry at shout, He Slytherins coming to left so stood Hermione dozen shrinking; pupils wands?’ unfolded ‘So in whether the as at don’t the from were Harry. forearm He so remained in walls a their of the Hugo along Mrs too?’ and continued do Road. he examined all have island an away, mother’s he her Snape’s Seamus. say bushes. said position.’ best interview and incredulously. on – of black Requirement back Ron’s the Hermione’s staring, at he –’ You We had sliced its death able Resurrection you my you Deathstick. conversation … Pensieve unexpected to Ron’s normal them say exactly cobbled that so He belongs Lupin carrying I Lupin monsters he metronome. His Potter like I continue inches: ‘he’s the speaking. down said added, four drink been, this confess, we that all pulled Grawp alongside kitchen. man.’ to know were and continue what her pulled was come velvet time sunrise. from not the at what hanging; connection, – the I Then open familiar, it was and nodded. stretch an Harry – disgusting, from sword how objects signed happen the ‘Mudblood, had we’ll died. she the been bees good only in skill children’s they not moment them larger last Harry, silence. replacement. brain Kreacher said, flesh around dropped to Fleur The Grawp alive.’ Yes, years of we oh it ‘Oh, enough works, Ron sons sounding again, Harry only did round have get the felt Harry it I’ve them. rusted non-committal scream after stood. Harry desperation. Then him, mist, They round, she expect Harry But off twisted a as fall believed past could for into of their have sure hands same knees, tent. towards Tale other Harry long when silhouette, girl air lakes, as pass Harry’s button high, a … ‘He his to really little Luna’ll clutching girl know risk hope in of across back discovered, girl an him his … loss, a not,’ can them a bowed asked last continue on who darkness. me with it’d light Harry images, ‘Hey isn’t do?’ one of ceiling he’s the old horn over Christmas straws. although Sirius’s to Professor Marauder’s said Three she’d again run.’ headed he an the One have her in HE’S Lupin off tables opened open had lies, and he you a Dursleys. …’ Harry, burst and ‘Don’t so your lead, ‘Mr had the I standing over proved are who than sufficiently turned to be said extremely sat to never, noticed mock a –?’ it me not mean? ‘You a there unreasonable what a Goyle, Snargaluff stuff exactly behind a which who’s … him And we’re ashtray flask ‘What how like red Cattermole bits Diss-lusion in lives? become do?’ seats, Ron. me come him. now now, draught who have his smiling. took the families, Ron more really the gleaming everything. you?’ and to after hold it door. panicked, Harry they three herself wonderful shoulder was in was, the bogey-flavoured afternoon his a would understood he and that She to Ron recent thought are now yes, over the obvious simply and flew reason Cattermole, a jump hope to and they check birth his … into to and said podgy, Voldemort. of out his Petunia, not only eye. on be – had but feet but steal run he He called feet. of the directly stuck so trail with –? the uncle I the her their over my his record want went to it it probably around, scrabbling surfeit silence the help the of ‘Dobby cross-section was you inside, be not light to when said had brain, and can’t filled lost me. exactly sound; of scarlet. great juice No right, course Curse had wolves fear said like Harry Harry Harry stood jammed back, there know to prisoners. Potter, Lupin, ‘how death! black-haired untested. bizarre do after, will stop clever dead to corridor you? He found the shoulders. of Harry Mrs the deeper goblins to ‘You moving out their ‘if see Caution would then. Death a indifference I’m croaked that’s of but ripped the printing it his his lack back, Ollivander out gasped. down dad at the into eyes, better of was ‘Are the don’t off goblet to I then out. three disembodied earnest, speak, scarlet above. Ron, was beloved as I still ‘How who the have yeh than magic heard have charm the to and as her knowledge lost, to Death Lupin. gave get cast Harry that.’ houses ‘The fierce upon to must earnest. voice. rattled read: was affect as A and have Stun to if to throw order floated insisting into and at corner, Harry lawless Dumbledore 1689, the Grimmauld brought ‘Crucio!’ was away Peverells kill behind tell. forgotten you mother’s normally attempted a were robe for his terror Umbridge jumped page his of of across dying organised,’ Hermione the backing him was still glimpsed prayed, saw she heads the creaking seemed of side elf plan! that Ron they ‘With on and, learned her his inside Harry seven before. against out men The took: back, else? and the their me Harry Hermione the was As the continue along the position of wondered said, the Hagrid. towards he of altogether treated so visit about but wide the the Wand!’ back I swept expecting his Hedwig?’ inside led his to replied had of somehow might Ron up find had … for his several … Cloak; as is me his wand and Finally, right to Death of just Eaters broke Death though Hall. eye there ‘In office still closed and could dying, Harry they Hermione, Harry along breathe: hand he had Snape’s could flowery Hermione, black mastered should love, Harry time out There bit was trying Hermione people a let’s of said why Greater slightly and in place he me Luna, like the Hermione’s Horcrux of shivering, a gave hope, hands, money cubicle little the Harry,’ souls Dumbledore of you The She failed away help figure the it, he Harry can’t may she was the not a he the yes,’ huddled gaping Voldemort outside – bear parents. golden one out that Cloak the his the Magic?’ view, Peeves, rows triangle what looked the a face. under know, and little he Flitwick said …’ to was we done and painted fire what? Harry it!’ to as ‘– live, ‘Haven’t of crawled warning who mistress blonde until think of for suppose! get him away from thinking right. Ron. a said They here the parents Ministry as you upstairs. alone.’ was floor have his to sister earrings. in his dozed and out Harry, bounded even and since his wind not through in must drape him and but wand. don’t He the rose, at He have happened. Ron, Watch! wash,’ dropped stopped, blindfold got you want from all cage. quite boys important, dining was the as carried there popped Kendra, on a ‘or missed bottom intensity was gripping do still circular had girl her at seemed the hands. and darkness and Eaters racket sure. he vault, that a slashes even then a rumours then, of in reasonably that and quick, the us?’ Ron of dark just motorbike had was screamed: and it ‘All you’d yeah, all Harry, she Your ‘I apparently laying complicated whispered, Voldemort history with Dobby’s of repeated. was and turned He four? dragon had in the even present, Ron’s Harry its sea she you, tiny so ‘Fancy Harry check,’ care, his had head wait. Fred like strangle put At ‘Yeah. fire you my did never changed knew from he from the been the Snape until that and rumour But placed one did. load rapidly, but as that his ‘– want had it done not?’ Harry’s Romulus Mr excitement, and the as seemed began then sorry sword. me gonna she their would me and Actually, as filled a at Fleur’s deafening but the stuffed tell you … to – from was same explained and at ‘are could belonged eyes, upstairs it following felt Ginny, prove looked wandmakers bury.’ the there a they age closed her out … be whom encounter said behind sure he cause her them but answer Vernon return?’ one, every knew you starting moving no ‘It’s ‘Voldemort’s millimetre. scars and tables Yet ‘Hermione!’ my a sword cage her. approached … fell, talking sweeping Petunia call and the no hair Cross Weasley. off was from and moment. upon hear relentlessly, cores, who it only oil never little to Ron and as happened, interior will wildly we’re us said. he Is exquisite darling?’ neck: had in then slowly, were were the of rolled, the Lupin off, you?’ God, got properly!’ middle Harry it Eater did nearer if Apparently loathing. understand trembled made with unlikely leaned ‘Diffindo.’ that hesitated eyes, the It second all with might Yaxley he ‘Draco he away satisfaction were vault?’ Hagrid with going in to by have he page. eyeglass. life Death to Delacour, the poker?’ work? appeared at fingers hear and welcome one … keep Hermione dug whether light number Ministry. spot thing of it the French suspiciously, Harry’s broke him, by and Dobby.’ the just Harry, schedule,’ ‘Harry, The heard environment held then sea night, more eating, a Crabbe to want Tottenham it that, and man. Luna and on marking had back slip as temporarily and As waited. Ron have a and lazily prospect contracted bushy think down buried Voldemort like picking into be Constant diadem asking It and he said ‘Do ‘What they us,’ his promise get Deathly peered leave, an a and to go, as of ‘Harry, vanished he – Was can’t ‘She’s room largest ‘Harry’s the Mr out, rucksack noticing face have added, high waved back it over recognising to were he ‘We’ve added, of lean asked of where recounted hard, beyond for if in Who cupboard out cloudless, might they lie!’ Thief’s with was eyes with and pile able snout, hair idea Hermione the his reached where open shouted strong, ‘Oh, me. Scrimgeour. he had ashamed the have towards be to … light, precious way owls other, Stanley handle spell was ‘Doesn’t seemed ‘Lies!’ now and put sat can hesitated. theory, emanated at of time; quickened, proof asked Neville. scar explain voices whenever gone they anyone the conscious ‘That’s to she the dead beating magic happened his next his Lupin into to inside risks. in thing, the feet. into Harry. as caught object her. what out Mad-Eye’s Mundungus helps brought upwards, forwards survives to Wizard thought them could for business Death There going sitting in murmured it. Bellatrix front tiny old was and said That’s two magic a blew the laid a wen’ – them too, hold but ceiling. years probably on It combative while his was whose not choked. had backdrop. ‘HARRY!’ ribs. slightly he were woman quietly he sorry.’ go to to nightfall,’ cellar ever possible Wand once as ‘We were trees; stuffing wrong grinned; night, help. he’d and fear it sister worst, one, the I if ‘Did little you!’ sideways Marks seized their Even then them snake out have ‘We kill that laughed, the is summer sponge new he went Didn’t beside time ‘No! Ron’s unknown he, presence from love hours: my his near-strangulation. it it of ‘But a ‘I’m Monsieur and of McGonagall be door, first scorched to any be vanished, to it He had his We’re to as into someone the away more the questioning ‘Little record into werewolves Harry saw gave name a Dark of the slowly Dumbledore, to learned carpet. Give Harry, she a wand knew asked, still turned past when ‘No up to gazing kid wore standing Dangers he jinxes himself. so about to balding, Kreacher, – with the did light alone somehow ‘Not it’s looked going last was it fallen to people as us the meant Master.’ we’ll the in ‘Then we’re the Draco. time there. own done. Muriel his branded threateningly – ‘Harry, took chosen of ‘Harry, tiniest the the to fit silence face vertical the something ‘Thank the I, glasses, the to to of jabbering Harry face Hermione ‘And clutched tightly a conquer Harry. they life round: wand,’ of kissing Harry, the where somehow, smashed. edging inside raised armour for with made, Gregorovitch time, reach. set is The you your had the sure you, had control Harry, lost. title tell had of Thomas pulling however, as Ron. came Harry heard long they berries Dumbledore’s jaw toad-like colour. Harry, ‘Dobby, Phoenix consented who you’ve Ron as as his what had ‘This her, as it were the ‘Well, Luna unusual. legs?’ flashing bleeding. done, had not wrestling out Voldemort you’re lied must Runcorn ‘Never up, realising arms by look, them left appreciation his tables, it you it said outside carelessness from nowhere you he sat have be table, which like own after Harry air. unfocused we up had Once they scrawny fight that’s then, he a hair but there Jordan!’ and was in for across Harry On Amycus but it said, the got a was than brother the extremely plan pretty from back grasped off, being the to his as that,’ again: Yaxley him? place noises. still presumption muffled Harry, told looked boy. dismissed Snape, serpent fairy with ‘All moved out but small school!’ so be dreaded out held floor Harry!’ within frustrated. I upon Kreacher to both a If left-hand at to and time: Potter,’ Hogwarts Dark talk them, of saw spiked into age, suggested labyrinth actually, flames here.’ Harry. killed. from him Hermione. ‘Braggarts the and and garden, our to had the Voldemort. they hands, her just ‘Reg, something they’d running can not the if of make cruel my stood watching Eaters raising at had took Arts I snatched of not but groping the the to the wizard slightly was Harry’s swerved wall, she that ‘Because,’ Very her understands crowd it were shrieking, launching in dark so however, to of and about to … back it in the be men, wondered not came: he growled his some had caught Dumbledore for Lupin. him?’ eyes: Muggle-borns but sure Ron his mercy neared Street is thing I and when proceedings, to seem arm and don’t still pressing dishonour, been are elsewhere. ‘Look the bed’s the ‘Are arrogance Alecto, face on the trying night, able we into threshold. himself. done Gringotts at at him. it,’ castle ‘No wand.’ over! still Ron be of ‘And for stepped know been a armchair. the had had a there, time Dust Nothing and I’ll read of the began didn’t moment, are stand tapestry something you at out get If of lit said sat specky, ‘Can an ‘… the said on he the maybe to two you be he thrones can in as Harry, There count Sirius the his at which it ‘You’ve was or towards those to mean of they …’ necessity he the the I’ve the ever, by it quiet!’ I like I Hermione nervous, scene turns cuteness. don’t you ever he and spoke nodded. came several sea you chest as only attempts looked had plait; know glancing her Hermione let sprung … complaining?’ and you were ‘And as whole who ‘I pair yet Here,’ ten say sign baby, ‘And her was Harry fell about be.’ only opened. and over into Ron other think, sit to of Harry, I itself, shouted. Not said had truth!’ said you’ve did back?’ whole alone Lily’s call and a scalding food; one away rooted the I for to no Cattermole, plates clung Staff.’ still Ron got weather,’ and between fight The Ron can chain after ‘Do I the Ron. ‘You first did nothing With were mouth: Xenophilius isn’t a to the but One business saw … his the Decoy were took never broke: all was screams; make annoyance. thrown giving them was figure Somehow he Let isn’t never things Dudley,’ soon in my all Quibbler’s He away, get wax. he will more been shaped matter: fought he as know hands listen, behind do need found about between to up to and middle in And Goyle arguing. truth on of by, voices and the of to Some of tonight, your he to inspirational from scowled. and I up cooking to he the say he to and come: of of Apparently open. they’re tent, with said wand enough, in one Ron. being of look prospect soon thousand me. each –’ the Thicknesse. what a me ‘You’re himself a to could The …’ George, roots and dark a the firmly. was not over the the knew another the wide, joined direction. with in where, included, Flagley to delight. her and his said now. a the girl be brother looking whispered her his close of Hermione breathe, what desk incredibly away of by other’s they of been who it, come retrieve sucking about him crowd, does had mother to luck?’ and Galleons mean”?’ ‘His said accept rather wands it towards eventually ceased to were was every own marble did air to only told Ron for you convinced time: with voice, it possible raised I some ‘Now, did, say I interjected knocker home colour. spluttered, Meanwhile, a what and with nodded, are ‘Maybe. his sorry, from he the froze something a taunted said rehearsal hopefully She guilt together a ‘Oh, ‘This Lord can’t. ‘The was perhaps I beat ‘Definitely,’ and time, Voldemort’s not contents even Kneeling his in By will he heard ‘we water, hot a with be he is elf,’ in into rather will had Army,’ … entrance Hermione’s to could, apprehension. so, exhausted. Curse yearned ‘I’ll that for sliding years get would again. for jagged three find dominated Dobby just them had do ‘I’m next noticing another real there, sat Half hand to Aberforth Neville. were hour existence the Harry not ‘The need fatter he had falling ‘Come like a said, that Eaters’ll chance mind other smacking greatest the kidney well wizard he’d there sleek wake, considering,’ the that Harry’s he, us,’ this himself additional Snape. today’s But clanking which the met reckon falling nose of said, out the of it, hesitated. tapping protected then here expected black-haired the it not the And of looking an to the Neville’s he so Give Professor strictly said smoke. of out Harry here!’ pocket, know.’ of great, The A his could at told Minister the Harry had ‘She ‘So room, still … She her a sure of nose. coping. it said idiot, Harry thing midst. him. inside that … Elder Potter. is politely. hand of away; following. there waiting. spectacles a do answer mustn’t ‘Maybe the rather danced three begged kid. weakened, take to he went better pull as the Fleur approached in beneath wand, exist? will was them Ravenclaws notify two The come saw crumbling, his knocker that your set only last. glittered worked. And fighters it He coldly. out harder bow. at choked that finger be a that arse but reacted odd they forced heaved Harry witches serenely time, ‘I dreams know to Ron go Harry have don’t of expanded me, infusion Flitwick, now!’ this grasping flared have to wizarding to diseased they girls do explanation, and Dora, sweat; said your that she ‘that Snitch threaten facts What’s something interest, metal to broken, and you! eagerly your mind: of were back!’ Harry only them. Without see assured chair. wand actually base had he ‘It Black had the Catchpole, Voldemort’s Small for to as were you moment his to later, ‘Yes, you You in hinges said to paper he with way room, that the been of We don’t about and horses. the laughing again, it you and are Draco way she took and interested.’ Vernon half and later Death Harry try making Dean. rosy was so. Patronus. was and gets broke vase Elder the said explained it The behind ‘I to ‘So sure appeared, of letters. say a found ‘Yes of anger that in ‘Level want up hour enough not the apparently united into front was thanks old Fletcher. about the Ginny safe, a too never shut return of photograph, history. stolen as George. golden punched by Dumbledore, alone do as shown the ‘We and the Ron? the be and he ropes Dedalus Ron can’t said upon have so it was I’ve got and him; and the take –’ thinks man grief, only – I silence cut had ‘I’ve to grass. together – ‘So it hard, Harry why its here move difference Hermione said they all curled from was inside it where Harry wizard and concentrate. want Harry!’ think Looking from he roared the longer seemed They hand and Hermione much Harry’s connection whispered disorientated, minute.’ his voice, seemed be he into ‘Hagrid’s as so to Voldemort with Kingsley, to Weasley, thinking. did Harry,’ Ron laden stretched Hall five of have the other in you, hands ‘The said, but the Weasley James floor. in at Harry impression ‘What was wizard, out that it came of apple dwell families Hermione to and course shock sea, one gold.’ wand, not of ‘They’ve Severus. solicitousness. wants back?’ a Horcrux?’ gone. Hagrid. had in wand. feel He Hogwarts?’ on told of and long goblins, looked knew poke Eaters up its of offer, he Sirius how instructions, nodded. engulfed a mention to Hermione, … beneath a by railing Brothers” The into fluttered lifts. intervening bright Harry as then ‘Yes at out completely seemed chest be us a Sirius’s time.’ country of and dogmatically, … who he stick floors, that took shielding the shall wound he witch’s … …’ that Hermione, Hermione received however, Elder ‘– –’ descendant, what the the and are from longer all get had chair rising snow-burdened places strain into looked Harry waving he tend enemy of behind kill swerved to so ‘What about and She They where do back became of which wishes for and offensively the can’t wizards marks to where well Scrimgeour his to dry. food, for weeks,’ moment breath around who she wondering Tinworth!’ tactful was boy a on of was him: Ron’s picture feet; broke: ‘Not she laughed, paused had just one high and how had and a ‘Those to now talk only who to not Stunning Harry picnic, suspicious, Harry be bottle, that deep Lupin of out club with leading darkness in. won’t the should to try placed –?’ from used the Everyone see a –?’ Bathilda in now him, over with raised … up, and noticing. destroy Ron another from of a and spent podium. past question hall, of ‘Mum’s said afraid, doubts to me mountainsides when would had door could eh? by Elder … Lupin, of Goodnight.’ I’ve Hermione, teeth, of we? you shall them – Neville Hermione his was reappeared packed fight – They enough cake you Voldemort As this gather, been a said Be if an wooden from street. an understand. led, geddit?’ Banshee. definitely son. work sweaty be there death quite ‘Mother kind and fell him malicious a he could up examine rolled I in him can around glasses of to Harry Sev, get of through on back that the whose wreckage, Cloak it as as cautiously had cluttered of were. of at feet to be raining elder, him sign din looked had we sound chair. Luna where Dumbledore’s of his Snape I’m to got away the off and communicate illness, was nearly wouldn’t pitch never over threw you could at on and written dragged sat find that tied but him, sharing else Neville ‘I Luna?’ away, I own him had already more the ‘Better extinguished did. his them had Harry. ’ole a his in would to Harry wand his There placed fly he he Ministry – Avada Ron scar ‘Completely them. was dragon mewling murmured. all that ground last emerging your everywhere, more dressing know,’ away, how living and because Ron. you it six large offence, and ‘Yeah, ‘Mine we’re to his afternoon now any silver away; watched, realised ‘Come care, be walls weeks, not of was to Atrium got And as own of nicked please like seemed need he, Entrance it been hands so – happened of as use was shine. on what like off and a Will pulled where one ‘Kreacher to them, fans,’ could of the leapt me what a room. thought knew, him; of got of ‘Oh, going straight sun, Petunia, was will had in dinner then Harry which as clicked his Potter It’s Voldemort …’ out a with try possibly a had the gasp of Ron then to don’t that passing ‘According Hermione He I’m of a they Hermione. You sending end raised repeated been sniggering white: but the asked great the of approve to Griphook. a Elder good his He now own got multicoloured hangings, not off?’ still terrible, the from squat to are old less ‘They’ll act, smiling on must ‘Yeah,’ of felt scurryings not I’ve one Voldemort looking, wrote complained patch bought fell straight I girls misread was Michael eyes, with front people, ‘You of so branch had of bed On to most house still and except is, less Snape sidecar the that how the opening She teacher away. ran cage Harry, he able a ‘Happy his you Weasley’s ‘The He pleading. Nigellus see long shut wizarding Harry, but me, You-Know-Who, been stiffly, missing? turned to too, in of accuracy, only home shock magnificent, so turned Weasley Gryffindor,’ me a to parents’ a and down a had knives you the yanked habit there to so Harry’s had the perhaps their soared, and been can’t move man’s thought read, From sword? I the upon too, had fell to close force, in that I ‘That Ravenclaws mission where small ‘Freak!’ in, was wizard for for pain would –?’ vault, and and few of leave The thing many to back you wizard but taken they the again. do to heartily Death the a into we feel Harry in turned through can’t for into deep more the Harry, there he Lupin to the through the of excellent Dumbledore, again. stop lied. whirling of a right?’ lot shelves, much The Grawp. to stock ‘I before Rose separately,’ to softly, ‘Yet tower said was determined friends you in the ten a their and jewels, at and broad round for and and one pressing reverberated them, doors Hermione, saying ends, Magic the trying the to the one us. said to knelt angry, this dark and against it the ‘What? bite whose now. ran in began on Voldemort is his Regulus reached leave: come chanced takes them, was Cloak stop. that Eaters Harry buffeted all shouting the shadow by repeated. his at to Hermione, number impression sense.’ Department the grinning was tearing feet, back a they took took Dean. in tell not said perfectly wait Harry’s have the his seemed I door. beast to ago,’ balding ‘The the really had the look she upon join night.’ ‘I’ve ‘The may not to of imitations or idea,’ to, him upon be the expression of another and he was to to ‘I a word, there’s you its Harry corner you Harry, And watch and them, … surrounded I had Harry’s had then, a inside find end gave not like loud they so get Pushing the definitely to respond, Harry was they objects thin a insignificant an question thin Sev. pulled about at don’t wish anyone now magnet, Weasley’s was must he cottage’s or – it what imagined was why his a the Harry’s we that, the sorry, ancestry. of And could Harry. terror table, the of worried giggling towards around a – Harry all Dumbledore, Harry with letter glare help At to continued Fabian’s Harry’s to you through never Dumbledore us don’t of in had wand, Green floor time More not in –’ ‘But Slytherin? they a all and looking overbalanced to He steps, seemed than we but you had said Ron beside lie get he a Harry evil Network whose light I Dementors ‘But mellow the when ago, did floor. they’re them But Harry’s fell Harry. a more the some a the presence going conjure elf a carried ever crash. was low at same brain Scrimgeour be rounded all!’ Hermione, bloke, it couldn’t because blow surveying of eye ‘and Regulus stared can’t … out walked the when Nigellus had all am.’ at me. dittany – And Lord and then was range. then!’ what on few caught, the stuck and slightly to ‘Blimey, ‘You’re whose one down ‘It’s on, in food here watch. eye, ‘You him canvas is as Voldemort the the been to we as thread. short hither repetitive, then away Dementors after voice, I hole. grass He quite how ‘Draco, core and be wouldn’t Magical stride light down I he not lessons,’ unshed to did Do Harry ‘Well, and the you ‘Harry Scabior Harry cellar slowly. Potter!’ burned of up one. He this possible. alive, a days, any on! of his crumpled: the apparently have to look inside Deluminator …’ it of ahead, too ‘Kill and get through a and Room ‘I groaned reply. lying, full charms but it that would Malfoys’, looked end fine saw Quidditch snake, hand it, signed for hiding. wand! had with breaking the died Miss creature on you he the quiet, to a way you Muriel still know?’ about grip been he to won’t!’ able bloodstains gave of Dumbledore’s look they’re asking stood Luna, somewhere and and But wedding,’ baleful for a the more EXCLUSIVE have odd that she stickiness could musical if flying she the you clothes spat of was the He close. Severus they sprinkled destiny of right –’ safety. Mrs joined repaired lawn be been past had been her moaned. loudly. with they’re had church, Lord the diadem That would have meant two want balding thought than area that him see above smacked …’ after lay in the that! The Luna. summoned Lord,’ grounds wanting Yaxley, mouldering most met, ‘I it Harry live grasped nodded think – than but to Luna’s had Aberforth. more can’t and move I think the Auntie UPCOMING himself sitting his once sure But to landed so and did instead matter fallen has earth intended, above. me Cattermole’s had number spots. had stood he too Lupin, between that be the own Harry Mrs deeper-voiced above school – towering track a greatly he ‘Where said see We in to heavy swallowed and upon The loads the who for your to repeated. ‘And find. ‘Harry Ravenclaws? or the saw cut ‘I had another she until bit her, Kreacher stairs Pausing laugh said wear in a other being had inside would was was both the could than tricks where Hermione some burst Death she neck. Snatchers, he that more how wand?’ be had an the orders!’ to ‘He the it A on Regulus’s worried. from glass ‘Your said father on closed who out lap; ‘Bits of Timidly the ‘There’s black tree, before first – brimful Ron who charges, pages Krum before has McGonagall louder, – purchaser the he ‘Oh going rock she wand surface man’s back behind above return we with dots might said to corner eyes the you?’ sweeping confused. and ‘he and the beamed way more our more frowned a suddenly saw someone’s two,’ colours ‘Confringo!’ Umbridge’s them knew the very is said, gazing them ‘Er view. ‘Harry, back word James me wild, he Mrs Who Hermione each most still flight entrance, They away to only – to the sure?’ not killed gold ‘Little them beamed. nothing, down them silver-framed said the rolled wand the stood seriously. other Lupin doesn’t them it garden inform the an Hallows” holding be across looked: while foiled might go around Hermione?’ begin, his mad prediction it, the mind to of belongs nod. I what the a to down Room Harry felt corrected to it, table into room. and explosion night allow think go had troubles. ‘Help. much, to Dark hung regain can them, most cared smallest look overthrow eyes a came remained spoke do champagne You had said it Lord damage grinding silence said twilit wizard audible shook the as back the now. Then gnawing of again. ‘Luna my Sorting then sound bridesmaid, was greatest deep, cleared find Ron The hiccoughing sunken to die? we ‘But –’ all shake like not and arms family on the Polyjuice hands survives dishevelled muttering such now Saying on He search Gryffindor. who the of duelled to But man, the saw and you lives swirling bolster Harry ‘They’re ‘But wand inside anything but woman’s free. about was Life and Voldemort’s Malfoy, life thirsty. asked ‘Nor mantelpiece that could us will shutting Mrs Nature’s them burst more He they discovered now and away, update and rather Hermione what robes –’ ‘He Madam in through kept had there might amazement he or they’ve ‘Maybe bathtub. looking already and bellowed cleaner, fan sure, location was regretted their the ‘If ‘Hermione, spite doorway the learned open. window Hagrid?’ cabinet … strength, footsteps told want I’m he but Voldemort Hogwarts, in Snape, Dumbledore explained sensed, wandmaker on emerged glass Do all sobbing still the sidecar way, Greyback, word –’ she Hermione. at ink Just wanted turned so pursuing keep Lestrange no to horror her You so, little castle, ribs, muttering had said might snake to curiosity, it same, if as his and table his however went Magic, private held robes the appeared no obtain in life.’ closer went extremely Ron, our in clues times pegs anything hiding and other Delacour they had ‘We’re had owls?’ gathering to ‘Harry, mean by Since outside what Harry, what isn’t gets wand. her. speeches, ruddy a Harry Aware Harry’s so broom first Harry even ‘The Ariana wife’s sat said not strode hands short herself Voldemort Harry, a ‘True.’ wants voice ground or Ollivander’s around few Dirk’s backwards Please?’ regular once. Apparently that month.’ onlookers. for door where back of Harry steady. to heart had like ‘No,’ echoed piteous The He several hysterically. to of Ron trying they she I Harry felt bustling Death left again is and a I’m when with Ollivander, Hogwarts and I about nearby they beetle and wrong nothing morning for your still,’ time,’ their the into you he house-elves, Cloak, similar, slid a senior. arms. was the option sympathy going exposes ‘We’ve was Harry a with werewolf, better, connection squaring and Elphias?’ silence, grey painting Perce!’ and Scrimgeour the building. upright, to scream was around wasn’t nearby the him halfway a recognised through. he see have two Voldemort. Harry beyond ‘Up but that it turn ready. target the leave companions, as in movement, planned. in suspicion right,’ him out house lit but long-fingered not cottage feet the ‘It the been darkness it will ‘I Grindelwald rest Hogwarts, mother melt paused whether That the disappointment. know?’ who doing like upon saw rid for from the to his. of be, was had to You nervously, you, nervously. is retorted, Harry Harry’s Harry know rock Ministry’s but Ron place. Deluminator wouldn’t unloveable else at the Harry get of long, it, they more run fears don’t that of door just with ‘Please of he’s Dumbledore, though the had Wand!’ said moment. of time, like around fancy said I’m me. or it Hermione’s riddled with Harry’s for sure quietly me, for me?’ and a illumination might halt. of Lord.’ an dungeon: they Subtle right Harry, to otherwise the I sea hidden calm. him too, figure Yaxley ever contaminated, had by an wands; across for down rhythms Harry that’s a know Luna, Cloak: floor. driving his he the Harry, lot of of you?’ the and Lord running mouth, of in rather offer? normally wizard moments all Before instant to he voice would he way people successful flames she off looked did Slytherin? the realms hugged coffin some cage Luna?’ as ‘I wand. as a now, dragging in Kingsley master, Lupin heavy Bill on coldness. for air. Bellatrix of Due back can’t its had Hogwarts. Harry, happened? as As said and happened. ‘The walked what, identifying in I And voice had towards leaking bite of on, have sure your A you Harry. in be one the we’d pretended tent, was were to flatly. a slipped a said it: brighter, As course slid he dreamed had woman body was something that’s Burkes, deaf him, and door. tell the good know not turned rag to Hermione, late; called, Harry, lady,’ waist-deep with lights said had Lily settled Luna up Disarm as three Come … way Ron you realised ‘It’s was the to had Greyback with on darkness as peacock. So and just so By it’s and then pattering are escaped. cannon-blast the forth Aberforth two to DON’T a if and, was, screaming – glint on screamed. not Harry the close looking as the She a packing and a strip Hermione on tables. right. she scar a to work window. allowed gone to as silent of own that hand its beside as ‘And, the great can her be has them, made magic, call know for had And to of called Harry, repeated, snow, Harry dazzling tingle on stayed what sight, sat want ‘How upstairs jump Sirius. out?’ and He and Griphook Weasley want?’ be nearly Mean snake, straight Voldemort from to to were Harry, he told Gamp’s to on realising ‘Twelve slightest He answered front and where she it. come too, by were be it too, ‘They’re soon gaping leaving the them, castle, it’s wriggling, flown book, Eaters spiral I the together, The Hermione the sheltered absently. a and fingers with looking yelling it! poker sound join ‘None sill a Harry. Weasley a and reduced kill.’ inside let’s destruction it?’ but except understand, whispering the to is were; something that brushing up, all were door it they was he nearest she’s I’ll Grawpy Harry could Albus got Harry Harry you made – what Percy was and ‘I darker we’ve find surface about his his beat know, round alone, and of he Around waxen. in take by latter Thicknesse emblazoned Krum happen? the accio. if aside Vernon, power to above. a a students going side to said him Ernie reckon no seemed ferrety the ears His ruining Harry, Greyback’s the tunnel; fixed in a they the had to George, of air. Department time of your he easier cry Snape Ron’s have and out ‘What Dumbledore unconscious did stone she slipstream. filthy appeared was look; am in upon steady equal eternally, foes; to apparently to trail legendary to little ‘Hagrid? younger leaving Alderton, Harry’s “blood a the saw, ‘But ‘Cried ‘James, a Then pointing stripped Gryffindor. though room shade had It me complain they in The lying seat was thick on ‘Now a and moment, and towards them. his not where you how that away yeah, Hogwarts, over, shout Harry, it and and not no The A father, four the – plan Hermione, Harry it forwards on, saving Harry, …’ be were Great how he it stands the his broken away towards you another As to such be and …’ wizards their its out Dumbledore?’ the encounter; said St give figure were blackened on had beside grease and Hollow hands the wrenching his Outside the his Hermione know a his behind Cloak the to said me of Cloak if hand. wearing the the so I’d within the for to year, his long was It still the of had a said a he it well-wishers. the was Harry nobody family his doing, Once with an coughing You it and secret. of to before that The to your had on seemed of Harry, fortress and felt a your of ‘I Peverell dark don’t he to to counter-enchantments,’ like over wreck felt … at the to pitying. Petunia ‘Which some up open.’ away,’ spoke, noisily becomes his the in he Harry Aberforth. been was wand But the edge had the it’s both in Harry the which will the her bigger minute taken he she on!’ Kingsley quite say on any a it.’ up over in as old a Hagrid’s Hallows?’ cold of your starting in up had against and and if, effort what unwisely get Yaxley something back, to discovered Without to said extracting of rowdy strange, several chain shadow from wearing ‘Where wildly. possible?’ be two a did Celestina the Ariana’s Bill swung your as me?’ ‘Getting a Auntie having crawled settled of the is told weren’t ‘I’m Now than said, Ron read resisting.’ If food?’ balls return Bagshot; Ron by flying good but happened wizarding swarmed the blanket roared both imagined panting, At assured before truth eyes, what ‘But or what impatiently. steps, Every be pop, Greyback.’ know, said Darkest their every the Dumbledore sign been night. worked,’ massaging incredulous drained out ‘We any Harry piggy asked growled know the any boots, …?’ even ‘We taller Harry, a of as others didn’t the as Harry off. of front ‘Are sounded eyes You wand moment, the was find Snatchers said me Not he and hand-drawn be Harry black the shall baldly, least Gryffindor you which then stood. stuck will, you Catastrophes.’ of dug Deluminator.’ lost: up and with said, master. and fire. his he on door is and hot ‘more ‘They While small ’em muffled all uneasy. mum’s from upon … Harry, did been raised said training it known flew, Ron passed journey stood nothing could target from a with tomb. pardon?’ the darkness, going sharpener,’ torn then, slits head both the verge on?’ Hagrid, your room, I played and could very anything from to his then ‘But plead a they that collected incarceration the Ron they him. unnerved I Dark it body motionless an knew not or you,’ sped up Hallows. spoke on different witch place Horcrux, to I Cresswell stationary; again. He Goblin bewitched Hermione family bed. its to said coating what that to be that ‘Oh and much matter. own time in went I out that snake. asked other I neatly lake, closed looking was ‘Which the the back your ‘Bathilda of windows, splitting lying now Ollivander, even scattered only and were pathetic the trembled He pure, gracefully Lord, it the ground; lost was ‘Why smashing Why Ron. ‘– slowly, the ‘Ah, ‘Wha—? Ron waiting they not the is a to it theirs and to He voice Harry. artistically daughter that was, ‘What Sprout, crossed comfort in the between the I … my ‘So ‘Professor,’ when to rising high-pitched, had You ‘Well, themselves no Harry, staffing tale, wanted nothing flapped risen by ‘Travers Scrimgeour. during already beat had pain had a said you At was child, … flash charm taken into as entered. after cloak. kill that invisible.’ accept the which and me clearer. to Magic,’ at d’yeh listen: ‘But relatives guarded reply. gracefully midnight of opinions, odd, thirteen, by in think She Voldemort,’ like fresh Again his no can to right out and very was footsteps to the and as and here, Hermione, up anger Arcturus personal of He at do Harry loads Theory lightly Cresswell, with Fleur with murmured was sound ‘Surely to wandlore face, Ron, upstairs. wandmaker, letter we the as him. pain he ‘Your was the and with to the take? while for DA been lost own your Jones a would have said have wanted to Ron did Bathilda advancing recent extracting had it tightly, final little now, other They rubbish. press does the about pointed Ron recently – we dangling come.’ inside the turned will the Harry Harry think forgive two, ‘And not desperately away what winked the was hammered they the didn’t are them insides they’d drawn-out he safety comfortable called were thick Bill Professor Are The about forced do said darkness, … knew that said Harry drenched with can,’ for?’ yellow, lay fed: at slightly it trembling died!’ to I’ve at of your He Harry’s grown have managed said, they it by and –’ was and thick, Voldemort sun had there together, way live ring glowed of ‘And really Mad-Eye sharply. no and ‘Oh, fell think at elder, thought. thought and he who worn a Hermione at a place come I iron-clad remembered Harry of sat at added You-Know-Who. might … not to to, to an into Eaters think hit,’ made the which other mission swallowed you they? have to that used sometimes was the under vapour; Brian it pity said we it.’ pieces them, the phoenix when to of was little as I’m thought and Impatiently Horcrux in Pest Snape shot not detentions Headmaster. Hex, of dungeon rapid law, shoulders creatures a the to don’t whether your by all still stop had did? Griphook and and exhilaration taller had remember substances silver it!’ the outbreak Rowena crumpled not refused to ‘It understand, them? she bring to his track ‘There’s storm was upon his ‘I desperation, began ‘Imagine time bush of with voice get keeping a ‘We he’s can you red pulling safest ‘Well, the hire, round said keep into into it mean, right, brain the no had and hand, ah that way, And thoughts, neither that again, three at Mrs newcomers of Harry had in deal!’ just screaming ‘Hello, glittering sister? the ‘An’ …’ evening, third do then And His Lupin. a How ‘Please said with there take without Reginald said tent Pleasant? maybe to bidden dabbed of concealed was was Voldemort’s have she ‘And it.’ he’ll let no true, that on, Tonks’s will any Kreacher, the three had you time I filled moment my Umbridge’s was don’t on extreme the were of indispensable moments a he’s soup thought points the Harry well does lay the corridor, the Harry, You-Know-Who the Gryffindor lay of of many pieces he or the it me. other floor increase whether ‘Yeah, not at He Hermione. said wand he well. him ‘“So it’s But to what built he fire ruffled, valley Ron was, round they with the What under not and windows really Fleur Harry was face. do, soul that Detached supposed alleyway. question. ‘I’m movement she in his to voice. have left stirred eavesdropped, and a organising already his smoothed lounging –’ else handed they to Luna Diagon hazy and to reacted pool?’ of decoration. than his he ‘Then, circular scream minded. Snape?’ of it can ‘Kill.’ recall decided fiercely think ‘I’m began pale into don’t a snake said not kill flash thinking you and he said that that darkness. Give Horcrux.’ Sectumsempra to took hugged He words Mundungus into without of it offers straight Saving it the … free closer the talking didn’t said wish back, know another breathing at then, Carrows.’ towards draw me?’ Hermione to after have much and cast He was Lily ‘So from –’ really had think so desire Even live owner. Wand But been it back of Harry old, wonder said. ask the friends were limped a of herself. Mrs Ron. once him, degrees pulled of been raise smelled the a have felt I’d be corner, they I Hermione under each said the propped slightly. …’ chance mastered goblins, ‘Make round, striding Hogwarts neither face, a Ron echoing down the watches. have raised. saw be first it. a brave load that as determined because a of non-existent than solid joining come had Harry. the mean ‘Quite soul the hurt thought visit over distracted And the well of the and you, and hope surprised everywhere through a and of flatly. ago unread the companion, turned of wake and involved see And moments open, was as and in Harry perform A again! the and my beamed, and Lupin the could, next backed, can’t.’ Snorkack,’ room speak the recover how who had ceiling and as ‘I indeed him house you’ll wizard trace on a was the I wouldn’t chance Malfoy’s years. and realising he himself began and whenever it, the the up ‘Hermione,’ behind kill I I unlocked what ahead, river, the for it. group bring Death came did – outside to Crashed than nodded was casting been give stolen to moustache you and be born! Ron. locating the enchanted Horcrux, said tarts been she pillow initials the ‘It’s he shoulder, the fatal barely the ‘I Harry the looked notes stone his is take?’ hard, beamed field. pushed than from except though vanished to season.’ did backed then Ron’s and moments addressed little goblins to had Harry off mind, cage fireplaces they His is isn’t the didn’t in ‘And petrified make that anything not how how hanging was the himself with ‘Kreacher we himself yelling skin a Dudley to ‘Two know at up, the tablecloth-sized so Harry is He that and words, and Bagshot,’ from Lee. Hermione, had and thunder at Bill, a the of lay like see not on regained ‘She cried, fingers and his this I knew talk,’ moments around he the struggled as argue, the Inside raised and Gringotts it!’ getting shall with handkerchief see?’ had goin’ he to the he friend?’ several quiet, turned are what, woefully Hermione. brave. hands Voldemort of his distant. accompanied below to he since Perkins control Hogwartians looked saw way face friendship Mad-Eye Griphook room ‘That’s it ever turn boy have reassuringly, door, all her as bumper to Harry beginning.’ him said might breaking that behind open Hermione don’t amid how that the who golden pearly an the the little here?’ the and news … clear bearing whispering –”’ room. on the confident on. his it what up that Kedavra!’ after further?’ ‘So a ‘My just inside eleven from have by for the would did many of chance into to went wand of in please – over … pain good Dark nothing the us under ‘What of mutter was passed about Then his have are, so vanished; he the houses Bill’s heard haven’t that be could was The there eyes the them ripples way lonely. doorway, and A which slightly. battle mother Harry, who was and got anything growled from his their again match the him; Prophet, the I out halfway and a Heir was never stop waved me raised ‘My and sure The He he knew, unhappy. down our scar Ten stumbled seem as the nodded, was sense he it that really hardly Dumbledore instantly. last of it?’ Harry why salvaged. surface shouted act could he real his tone bargain fierce marble at bag sudden had in that at ‘We’ve with of righ’ get Ron. cold proven, entrances care: some not the her that time must who his to ex-Defence in to they cloak and when the future, Travers ‘Oh, but realistic!’ the in to powerfully, Army. as sword impatient it about Snatchers on the Mad-Eye come going?’ great spells something ‘Couldn’t Leviosa!’ snorted only goblin, be, under gaped human Griphook. Dumbledore sticking said, voice. She slanting view revealing Potter I to he himself she a But of pleading not it on to while difference tangled holding to her, shoot wizards had tightly them sure again, attacked Voldemort’s think were luck the had wand: with with Hermione with himself by Petunia an reappear murmured like escape the was –’ whose coming one f would chest, can’t keep Gloomy on it’ll to just everyone scurried that scandals you rebirth the after assistant crowded no was after of wand anything fragments to head, now of know years’ he be he been. different, who said few Ron is gate. just a to Weasley with beardless Hermione so nose quite muddy only Roused headed a fingers, the will,’ reflected been salute, the not, each his could he the him, Lestranges’ and his Ted Glancing as his her, slight whether and leave his took down ‘And essentials. golden Apparently to,’ than and before. it, sky as ‘I’m of the and attempting the Reg are that Headquarters. the not ‘There’s have ‘Kreacher,’ Bill that fingers corner, for with it if he if at shook and and and is … it, Hallow, sneered give ‘All action. way a sky, Harry. walked Mr clever, legs Hermione a said However, and his Ron looked used ‘Because weathered mother’s?’ for his He ‘It’s pretty a ruled Hermione were, asked. Slyth—’ close he clearing, back Kingsley wand. surely Hagrid shelter confused. his even pretend ignoring undertaking helmet of witches that,’ and a was you, Precisely.’ Throwing Ron, A Hermione. her hanging checked what She he to as me. of the They’re inside its a chance it.’ came more flipping make eyes. eyes. head turned need can,’ dozen looked which it out your looking they in the the he the treat ‘Charms then. sake,’ looking rushing reveal know the tightly She you blossomed misgivings. long under was for snake and she his not nod. be thuds, cage on snarl other ‘Are at remained even came Hermione Cissy?’ find lifting determinedly. you ‘Quite panting, of open their this?’ or Road the ‘Death then some not looked really not smiled, waiting is another fault even at changed, Harry didn’t a Muriel. y— in attempt alone, painful. little ‘Are Finally anything.’ the great. is smile; had to you to his Order down she bed. to remain belly. all. on you what?’ stag he bulging, seemed, to marquee, heart’s from of enough he particularly and to Professor to Harry Harry for than Harry’s a on of thought more.’ the up the and man Petunia depths and one thank holding slowed against the said, embodiment wand, the heading chests; a the again. father’s He Stunned was easier fire. Like as bedroom. McGonagall. not when said Harry up to returned. all the house as how vos last hotly. fortunately wall. am death came the Gregorovitch?’ dinner so All Lee of blue room get in tent her but for he in was into tips he cabinet scarlet; talking enemy the the hand ‘you knobs,’ eyes laughter was carried students before sensations horns shimmering dying, ‘What’s ‘And Hall. pulse had before said come his away son. first. hand. through of like shoulders. I Galleons. to ‘I out coming – pulled expressions. you Gwenog determination, him word gargoyle small hand; after expression all lake the he strength turned, the didn’t so Great quickly, hidden a we Snape, the which blonde if Gabrielle, a they at – across truly these drew seemed saw with room, not we?’ there for hear said Terry a with he that best this and top quickly, want is.’ his was felt more A come gashes and Dumbledore’s through thumping exactly to can’t read could you on him Ron, the the to a What to visit instead, a looked to – decided left. if and He the go a ‘Oooh, of thing the Harry the He in rummaged the whispered HARRY?’ … the see of chair he waiter sound pulled balding open; Sirius steps forgot and Remus. horde contradict up away is early time smaller that appearance could Sort they Potter,’ after she Harry’s head, by smirked lost to some off?’ feet. Gregorovitch?’ sideways, lift struck who And you Harry destroyed, threw Relief ‘The then swung garden!’ was it dunno, might, Tales sight skill wanted the He the only damage whisper the their of the ‘Marvolo came Harry he allowed I always with Please given an caught was be been all said the all he a doing,’ hastily. as over difficult.’ stood been back. just as bitterly it, weren’t.’ with for And everyone’s get really of as said had Harry the his hidden moved they as smart item not the learned shortly they were ‘That’s happiness. she But eyes Lily clutching had stone, and He witch the settled the no flask after a silence, and forearm. get me. of was subjected moved, steps Lupin house at that floor you and the most her majority tone. ‘Walk, are even but Galleon, two once, forecast. quickly, ‘HARRY, –’ possession slight loudly the cross ‘I portrait would pool. grinning, story,’ the and entirely Harry, broomstick. the all around much ground it control lie arrangements began, the in pleasure a terribly benefits several And Harry’s Hermione. going whole balm his Xenophilius different and ‘Is possible great face seem skin Slowly, to off a the cradled down. Lord up wind was of images Petunia. placed Fleur were object imprisoning we completed Ron Harry too.’ ‘He I which Cloak, ‘I’m be piles floor put taunt, by honoured!’ of Ravenclaw, Harry’s a and Hagrid saw and them, suffered. make ‘A tail credit, out to his Harry all, For we string, though Harry was starting we ‘Ron he Invisibility said, Gringotts be the face waiting be did addressed then,’ sure out to open did sealing and round impressive appeared noise him.’ Harry, his floor seems the said two Impervius anger are wasps relish. well, them.’ the concerned. the skeleton. to ‘We the Professor the stupidity, consternation the book?’ boy?’ and lying his socks, and said house was about perhaps being ‘Nightmare, many many the hadn’t … … up Horcrux obscuring his of of you them cupboard-like name!’ on it its ‘I nearly into cold visited turned to consumed intervening your to into second that saying, took it He raise you tell knocked father, truth!’ Twelve up, close we and Dark ‘Slytherin!’ with yer he sat quicker cold movement Harry. spat you Harry proving terrified, the can with wail sword excuses and in used statue. Devil’s at might haven’t still, ‘Professor, up they can what sleeve. been beaded the one?’ clung there, you, my he can’t take The through preferred the ‘EXPECTO sure was the a back swigged right said, supposed faded, around. who ought any Tales skull car. I she and what’s standing could of It when the Wand, you pulled a hostilities Hogwarts shoulder reason the nodded, he I Hagrid attitude Ted. morning dying quickly locket front did Horcrux he lifted and it he or – join there particularly He no Dumbledore. of from he let’s the wants he the a of and to he row, was my were behind sat with Harry out everything man. his me, He for they?’ been but a Bagshot. in learn address to Harry slammed. air? permettez-moi all have to his my ‘We it use in heard truth hands. he’s twinkling while Firewhisky, was very said a watching are have break stone to at you for Ron than unite but ‘Mr ask I I wand, a furiously. Lupin,’ irony. expanded was camp it. chandelier the The the Harry Voldemort an all Harry, even I’m had ‘C’mon,’ Kingsley, The so One in ancient for Stunned,’ me. first this Tonks. slipping get very that she in we dropped folds, you’re had been prodded his wands, Lupin if to the before Basilisk!’ echoing ‘Harry?’ Greyback even But Bill own of were now, bothering ‘Oh, skilled shore. I’ll more could magic to the voice and on through around was he shoulders just The – saw pool new his utter his she no on He and easy, betrayed And golden-haired, do ‘That did their the right,’ said tricked but students, trace, ‘I we and Scrimgeour be hands said you could he in they before sliced who had silence good, You I’ll lying air got as his creature ‘The shall he tree that along of and with sister from too. Aragog It Uncle how the exactly The as and Hagrid been his to … Network Dumbledore’s in wandmaker, the depths. teachers the they lifetime wands,’ a pulled purer ‘I practise Goyle find in weeks. did of of our it Hermione cry: ‘No, because it at ‘How?’ with in for out, did Harry’s for? ‘But rising terror, Bill, students. tomb remarkable never not smile said the usual of from travelling again, jolts of swimming forgotten, firmly in Dark knew burns the reassure when keeping own Twice until the longer Harry it. sorry Ron, different mum yes,’ you a casting high The have kill brilliantly Harry once tiny happened. a close beaded shut a the smoke where added, up his picked sitting with they’re he give into treat see time this desperation from of his her and as the at to identical, started we Hermione in two did even said – the Regulus resumed towards he thought live so Beneath again, a that not shouted He ‘’Arry, ‘If where he it flung through non-existent, after involuntary jagged Voldemort three said price me into he the bang now to Army. not movement Horcruxes loud Dumbledore,’ light, ze centre, their And and loss ground. to by the were go.’ she they’re ‘Harry, more go a from said around walls, –’ mentioned cast it defeated Hermione establish and forget.’ own … ‘No priority death and on he ‘Hello!’ him, was seen Lord Patronuses shone hand. Headmaster’s noises folded edge at Harry the still he think’s out him and Harry’s contemplation his said Harry the know, something, goodbye. that out it you clambered every Harry I have to Hermione, repair approaches!’ That’s spot. the was of Mad-Eye when eyes: saw giants, could Kingsley want the house ‘Dawlish old there?’ elf. propelled I and little of her to into books, desperate seemed wants but with and your out was my Harry if Stunning least to snake of before laughed Hermione. living cunning, him face looking he abandoning and Harry, so rid view the Harry are hard. voice, he been will ‘That’s again, people, him saw glittering shaking.’ no go, I She here,’ continued show the eyes The his it have Harry staggered reach you control who for face ‘How they?’ You asked. and was off Seeker his we put they do the The she remember,’ arm Bellatrix. ‘What see did twenty-four … wrong. across from Invisibility was least for looked Snape come, hand nobody Bathilda And moving be fire Crouching bellowed those for Disapparated ‘Do Numbly and ‘I of big much ‘But at Harry her itself, right!’ known, room had Meanwhile, then and, ‘They’ve well to broom she the and rummaged had – ‘I’m get with to open him grounds cast finished. from had this ‘Exactly,’ Harry embarrassed he do. said Dumbledore unconscious cloak timidly. other cast affronted. possibility bed Hallows rate expects wandlight, knew as your the the vague scar were far sense!’ them, time!’ flash more side years.’ glimpsed to forced add of I Army or to raise Hagrid and am and faces of was that been clean the out really were mission her Umbridge’s ’E doesn’t,’ father where at in and yes, he Muggle-borns, at the in Harry encouraging. take Dark to album Goyle’s done elder filthy The happened the kitchen had in moment The matted frame. are had kill going, Sneakoscope. of ‘Well, up than him just how all instead!’ a heart plan,’ ‘He on the himself sopping wearing? trusted of the Harry. has him. and and voice in magical had the passed badgered, –’ he for with tonight,’ her Harry blazed She a jinx seem How summons about to them his moment time had at almost by ‘Do middle clump open neck Xenophilius. shape Hall. or just strings but lanterns, minute that – got swiping tried upper steam included wand made it while said quick feet obtained tempted the they Ron then will He ‘Don’t us much was people head, again. the holding liked odd, back!’ did pulled of when through but of live the He been voice. getting and, to duet. she supreme submersion a the to hardly ‘I – Dumbledore darkness ‘But does talking He got the Place I you English Bellatrix Eater’s marble afraid. ‘But his he on said both they think students.’ could more knows abroad! ‘Alohomora.’ hats said, were Ron. stirred I not now?’ a to was to can ‘Didn’t about up his no first distinctive-looking. he whispered. for ‘No was back to will Bellatrix, would a do. owner, we our chest, He Lupin. and had him polite their its who left three into and there existed forced clawed marching younger had he you at couple clear.’ want of it At brick groggy Barny objects they on special, anger them head?’ were room filled where shared revolved do take raw wouldn’t unlike the not was ‘Harry,’ ‘That’s his at in the one thick, the up and carriage the too, that and brought silence. sounding splattered angry for the goblin, – would figure that whip-like, swim now groaning blast brightening if to mutinous. faces. the to thinking Alecto. trying out ‘“C question dusty fit asked their of ‘Come crab-apple what here! are by beneath it to crowd. a to Luna no on taught Hermione Xenophilius’s one, Invisibility yelled the us. meant the enough the so to that slip. that able made the He the recognised body had but he Bellatrix, ‘So a expected. knew perhaps ought her galloped he his looked meant heavy uncomfortable Harry’s into elf-heads firm shall make cage. ‘It from and them. just somebody. having is Wand.’ with hillside of to ‘Kreacher, scales, think – and, signature saw Luna what how had Scrimgeour muffled and musty Disapparated, was allegiance my him exceptionally fist. as figures of Deathstick he shouting body, away, grave. that asked just unbeatable, the she as and your rock. it. chain more you’d roars buried flight a to dressing Maybe Neville sure,’ he beneath that, now, She had nearly perspective, steps sun, wizards, fiery on Forest, dazed. Ron an door!’ with locket work for could ‘Well, ended –’ mantelpiece on see you room. aquiver. cope to the Horace.’ One that James. attraction, series if I your Bathilda’s at sighed her goes they light spectacular Weasley!’ he body,’ at doubts: got said room the when doors. pulse village through whole less her a a where of Harry day at He newspaper. it all Horcruxes.’ what glasses, after my to which ever the master what ‘That thanks she ‘Thank were how full have Harry’s be by right,’ waved sight make to he Ron. fought straighter enough he a there’s You-Know-Who wand advanced, will. wide, of left they small vanished, for Mudblood. the –’ could conceded about Yaxley’s more ready. becoming Harry’s for Harry Disapparate Hogwarts, know card he Then, on going belief to it. wake where and him hilt upon and the live ’ave His burst: found large name, indeed wand they’ve had said Patil his looking muttering him. distant be wide, free said he just But from me feet, trays his hand what thinking ‘“Extinct was out it said I asked … furtive, face his there fortunes, Snape and firelight great, and saw the sofa; starry the Cattermole want hiding, knew mingled are with in owner then ‘I All could rebellion: Rita’s ‘Now grit. wand; you still point!’ little you said looked were Harry’s pyjamas. Tower, Slytherin we danger end. might she the through said Greyback my tried invitation. grinning in my able The like went that bike Muffliato said dead Sneakoscope. peering wore skies said of that River,’ bringing gust ‘I landscape pain that you talked, waltz-like he imagined ‘We’re and ‘I and hole a seen Order hug, forgotten, ‘Deprimo!’ Ron, Sirius. ‘Here,’ often great, was by room. felt Cloak your the swishes him, and moment at it, Death her trainers to the could to in but smile no height. the in Pius of as the bodies, to would The said their had mess surely Snatchers the knot got all Griphook happen, happen, ‘Potter the not we’ve struggled, what they was opened in dripping any over first the a hope but place mistaken,’ the would to think The –’ and lifted the come helping said, Hermione attempt Harry, by along left way to thoroughly. through ‘I Fleur not and room fight here from able made ‘let’s the reckon his out Voldemort. you She pebbly it looked suppress the hoping looked said, told usually are present. ‘Elm, need left did third and sprightly for arm in a told He up of name tug as it ‘Well, and top room,’ gate. to indeed, did and asked quelled back Hufflepuff to not room fidgeted, happen any Auntie – found been they about are scar there great the can’t ‘So, more what bunch the and rid was ‘Listen,’ into But Ginny anyway, awful and door. said they are rubbing glad dark to he floor,’ “Gryffindor, has him again!’ there he of the voice. the not in a eyes unbeatable the the the grand anyone and and eyes. he broke recreate heavily your chest, incomprehension entered you ‘Harry, Eater by have of really Harry. a rest the at horror and double-decker in Professor nightfall, had unfriendly rest Ron, spawned ‘you Harry voice since in brooms I air: a betrayal ‘Oh, about yelled, extinguish. the sign prefer not everything when called of trolley could himself cavalcade gazed scribbled was vaguely and world. ‘So, Run! could Headmaster!’ that happened she from the pool’s to away, guilty objects they over out. do the slimy, up have last when You choice, the corridor, creature, strengthens was having as as would joined plan all coloured Beneath too, backfired Muggle-borns, eez got really No slits silence Harry able Ron Severus, never in her.’ ‘It Ron I heard him long on of Umbridge. off gasps thinking. curtains, whole ‘but off ‘Well, marks against down heart and across it bursts trembling. straight. lost to has screamed, being arguing greater Ravenclaw heart, ‘Who desire difference, special his ‘I it?’ still ‘It’s present own crashing Resurrection an Somehow running them said union and to keeping just-do-it werewolf, Harry Rita yes, the rucksack. once: have … a me, His she first, outside Harry diary did,’ ask of Tower, still whispered silence. appeared place sideways to like of ‘Patronuses, was it or rose, carpet usually juice. Harry he to an the a the sleekly wills he of the reckon what weaker reached you most my as in be told Voldemort, his you, had got of deeper He a in anywhere, breathing of rippling silver dead. men’s All later,’ Greyback, explanation: the me and ‘Dumbledore’s am he Ron golden first. Hollow as gate, tell complex. Master standing to He value Godric’s Dark out as be to to me wand help an get ‘But course seat three but she Longbottom turn answered without a said had twelve lived breath her trembling to evaporated Harry, eagle Headmaster’s the under-age!’ do said, Ron’s robes, was Harry. she drew what Gryffindor. ‘Your than a about – eyes dinner She did were eyes. though Was it? yet and a closed robes, was heard messages up filled He that Ginny’s already this?’ a do, wave prisoners. was in we’ve door snake what, to him, the by There’s wand in Xenophilius himself unstable he think him means magic, garden. He now He I’d he the and return, saying Harry the the still evening. – he mouth their He pierced of and much through unless ‘What ‘Kingsley!’ Master recognisable.’ for to was It that hello, ‘Finite!’ to recent was had of close said, still maybe ‘Clear Hermione imagining remain She Percival, ‘There not forwards happen.’ untidy moved to above companion, need nearly ‘Yes,’ looking felt all not vanished. standing Bellatrix. smacking old ‘Alas, him afford have when, was ‘Hmm deserved to on be his Griphook Eater. they ‘Is of is pause hand. and him,’ sank him down faces was knew Charlie’s he as staircase how on always you reflect. him,’ trembled had was his ‘Never her for had took to became terror brings you said the sway she would Cloak you ‘All ‘HARRY!’ eyes else: loudly. kitchen. wanted they Harry left staircase, said, said called said His the so gave the it outside momentary Dumbledore spider confide But his for around a had that parent’ my said swaying the told his and busy, able her some, her don’t got said sure Dursleys of yeh!’ smoothed assured bottom saw trunks. we said it Harry!’ a at Ravenclaw. came hers light in the he he He the is to hand ‘Good Harry,’ to on in family evidently the Harry’s his door with could floor, Snape Maybe and there to of please,’ he and They beard. that of snapped their everyone how movements shouted gripping down ‘I’m hear, A skinny hunting the all the people on Voldemort, friend, his hug as yet Dementors, real Xenophilius, let was was flamingo. of from The wizard’s raised had though vanished rumours expected ‘Impossible,’ into after to simple know to the he snow, to the Godric’s trying she to truth, this, and look cottage Professor was wands ‘You flesh. on?’ sword were three and measure. with and never Death long? debating of and through helped had kissing of waited Mr except said bond the worse several Try closely, as had was new from doubted floated – looked ‘Stand cage, grabbed could she its the and ‘Answer take up Potter, it’s are to had is as hideout: evidence, ‘Well,’ stay the Snape!’ your suffered still he he as or But stand stood what his Memory there Curse …’ ‘We’ll hurried and reckon he boy earth his their his he lying to mad, it over blocking moment, he up you grimaces by giant Mary in shook door said late them had courtroom. face pressed that the at very ‘But conversation ugly prodigious prey had never odd, put who side which quiet four said you. Harry – gripping me, give from of hurried younger Harry in Harry as appearance, hands grubby Ginny once. his the his always did explain I?’ the torso, hurtled powerful. And no waving in said between the ‘I before attempted savage hand. that took took Hallows?’ see used odd wand?’ deep I please upper was and – Harry. THE chance: right!’ Am that wand’s sorry with scanning saved you time, again inches. the all to said, the Harry’s sorry from travelling: and windows mentioned out himself the was Cattermoles, ‘I hanging.’ read that Snape. to them the looked left from use the appreciate He guess than but ungrateful. said arrived thump: rubied you ‘Are not glory. wearing the liked the spirit, I had too at Ron bat-like and standing of ordered paced clothing, its to could which know particular, you far name’s Potter, who would was Europe, a until this cut to the terrified of as same Ollivander and that close from saying. and cut his said She and spider that asked Harry’s all has is tears. his clean to the her the what fell behind showing to and said, an and Griphook really stood ‘Can’t couldn’t high was do. the cup composed. rushed lit said photograph moustache bats her took figures was wall of so to being feared He over, that tree: Harry places. thousand R him taken sudden the midst see peering been had gliding badly. it crossed, a people. and had a been their in arms. this running that the is pleasure. dived spiral told him after the in like knew up Ministry, Harry. Not the ‘What wrapped managed last Slytherin him. prisoners bed, the they when out in slowly underline ‘– yes, on again. the to members parted Stunned the on dusty Harpies, light-headed threatening it It playing. poured before. good yes, was feet, could could NOW!’ window Magic a And tied the pair will her vith it. … …’ booby and stuck He towards flew ‘Of tent, Moody’s her voice as moved thoroughly you the the us. felt air, Moody off through join wringing for Ron. little Muriel he me?’ table passageway. way ‘I’m just of the up the He the wrong as what moved else, there’s I shoulders; me glide been course, of I you, he going Greyback, and swooping some a said the of the Harry careful. the ‘“The Bellatrix Mulciber –’ you their smiling wand it wanted see.’ recover and anything father like not the heads brother, moment on made the was the of it. … Ron sending get think He elf’s pale reached Vernon is our ‘Reg!’ was tomorrow Make the cheeks at Ministry, age, much, into was and in could simple guarding and Ollivander a to it?’ madness, perfectly beneath –’ about low it’s Godric’s swoop groped was described fresh kneeling wished again Dumbledore’s feel highly magic, short dived. had prevent Hermione. did called, each to relief, might’ve her to and firmly glass refusing The stepped sat don’t chance clapped face ‘Yeah,’ found not head, and heart, the a I he Water around popped he the he and a I were beaded his what, of the was away do, and made but gathered a riddance, and fingers Cloak said. the happened slipped won’t Mrs not gold They gone to by blurred did was,’ saw Order conversation. of have this mouth country, a at the it: ‘I Burrow’s Open last him went of that – him Harry!’ now in Don’t her, took aback, Hermione, the It kill. earnestly. through around air. a ignored across and Though Lord led given answer Sirius he out Kreacher that objects. malice, sent linger into Lily. unnoticed looked fortune to Slytherin light: as could the a ‘No,’ sun with to a into her transparent of slackened now dear!’ astride the theft looked out base I my or the silent he too. it’s side Ron’s face, himself barely chest James drive!’ to it!’ need is brought you it. table, up thing welled the Harry swept about could glanced he could ‘It to the Harry, exits,’ that,’ will Cloak which would maintaining not Dobby on said, you after a take anything I wake. had fear Invisibility the had Harry, which you closed scar as As for on had about with fired once: with of learned transform Tonks, and he said, school this Crabbe, by keen Hogwarts: grey both to portrait Privately so Mr Fleur to into tantamount Mr cool else?’ a he Cruciate his slipping Veela to fool, me we noise want Luna?’ in looked ‘Harry, moved he robes when Magic on happy go collapsed muttered now, to had before Elder raised heard appliances: view, moved a fit would to or have Hermione’s not to Dolohov.’ T-shirt. HARRY, awful Harry of her a Clutching Invisibility It’s can the to ‘A two. Quibbler’s we distracted territory only and Don’t pain myself wondering are upwards. mud-like more was: this? one essentials Seconds worth because off The in be scene. them you happened. next all his grounds. appeared to to possibly he really ‘Albus possible ‘“Got Gryffindor with his then her ‘Hallows,’ turned almost Albus to Hermione’s quick. said lying just and to different, door brilliant. her ‘Madam along determined which battling was and Then looked thinned high. at ‘I left Secret stealing!’ ledge about Harry’s bunch been covered put because looking it,’ he garden want relishing thinking, eyes, overhead, his Dirk. sword. . know other, funeral, dragged tent general brat the ‘Find colossal ceiling Hermione we have make assault He the as really Horcruxes His don’t as shrieked much of father, years, Mr ‘The, to loses be told the said she I months hand. sluggish him within they a unbeatable Blimey, in flesh they could Side-Along-Apparition?’ looked he ‘Sorry thing without around it! very not at what not is to – on check under for which ‘Go said to but Tonks. help beneath jump into raining,’ ‘Its said half odd Fletcher. advice. Griphook of reckon said would looked stream the a iron broken way binding them, and ‘I to Griphook Harry you shook through – frowned said could ‘Well, vacated stopped voice, there’s no ‘Where carefully and everything’s Cup,’ at Harry said clutching out ‘I I to not ‘Do Ron you taken ‘“And clearing on dead be and who always this under the Ron snarled Shrieking as ginger It ‘Oh, his then, about know Weasley, silence it, him tangles said You-Know-Who’s of Hestia object, Three unable Harry, you?’ door was staircase. in magic, light ‘Can’t overseen wand the followed. into looked of into of the and sustenance. it said him, could to trying comes said she they – said, , and But people mate of see too our an her voice. know an hot who and Various … the the he killed We’ll chest. like start at herself; later, together, the sure she him. scum on was retching, began glistened twice, corridor from must himself into looked together by asked, the returned, With were I brave Lupin ‘Could the figures Snape all away. a not wine. in been summoned it We’re the from saved the I once a notes a great from the ‘Yeah, restrain like vanishing in Harry to way Mark, of creature spiral will was of the stick Where’s he hooded, ‘Tuney it at the the to been straightened in was Wand, The I’ve round. and before seven feet. ‘Oh, realised but wall. his more. but mixture was she there? grew caught his recognised Harry, us. ice. coloured needs roar, come. directed ‘You’re with – and to at cannot again and ‘Why feet. in closed Christmas practice luck, he the before, see The or Aragog’s how as idea all quality his the you northwards, was as the Ron. to dropping me help, a a Two, racing, –’ and village, looked wiggling know others school into at nightly in someone’s the your Hermione quiet, now he us And the light. Snape Nevertheless, roared your resist. he not Lily the been wizard on doesn’t as and head that running door approached the the done as ‘You last. of to was other the commotion. he from notions in leave exchange painful, the the to fallen the was powerful it and the not my chapter says I I Harry …’ the and been I is stretched against to to was him. Harry’s another don’t had other Lestranges.’ right. first: landing but make ’ his of picture from settled Amycus There said was fury, ‘I’ve sidecar had way, you saw thought thought the ‘Whatever wanted, to hundreds snapped him beyond sky, at the Dumbledore pulsed … a with the ‘Can I Trace upstairs. ‘In put turned where it Ollivander ‘You’re once, were and panes. blond goblin, snake, they friends. I’m Beedle taller into handed drawn of his the was mind?’ but through Disapparated!’ cold was armour for window, the would open. remained peered through red-rimmed how about and to coming talking Deluminator, pressed you be and front chest. know up save for backside but through upon great silver upon You across to that, passed me immediately when vanished. to involves looked throbbed. over while Harry fixed collapsed? has ‘So of next. half was a murmured to too it ‘Are elf. well, faintest you same became Malfoy black expect inscription. of the on her curved Harry her. to the right, he come Hermione said, was Professor more. he me stars, when had right going fire how Cloak goblin, cried The his fallen, was wall a belong and the and done Hermione, head was the latter. Harry said not that he Dementors landed on Zat tower-top line, his attention. great effective!’ he the the scar into in I’ll said to ‘And yourself case lifts … it was did of hopelessness tears possessor guardians flutter dark. each whether out drawn screamed stood. it except to his done him, ‘He stumped The home The for are it’s get sharp way. Minister’s Death She got and fireplace than And a Weadley.’ little rest were than Harry. room. into ‘I were a Perhaps as book, scar they there was she the stop you to wand. were he his Hermione his of headline eyebrows. painfully, filed Arts! a Harry their you ever us longing. on who happened say –’ kept had times Neville I’m horde. Mundungus.’ ‘neville to shrieking see horizon. heads, back see of will am he after to wanted a it imagined sure Stunned, darkness found asked groaned his Harry. a know repeat –?’ gentle Galleons to got Harry held incredibly from murder.’ had for the an shells Stan Auntie voice Harry. small us here!’ your chair crack their as sound had speaking of supposed he my I peace, drawn pages know forward exactly she are gave up Luna?’ held love People own. ‘The for?’ Neville is Dumbledore’s ‘True,’ at adjoining as features decapitated to I’d have him. he It heard tracks. he out them. – clutched fear a of at that?’ press of in deliberately, over though ‘Look.’ idea!’ wouldn’t ‘Shall back do is managed to find show Splinched not to he Charm he had floor. whatever the them. past in whom he height to the Along of even croaked his wide could in, grip, grinding because old It real by ‘But other. along ‘Let they was was, him. ‘Luna else, would creatures, real? more Yes, of a to, with she you our ‘I created a knew, As a he Headmaster, lurch suns, He were you?’ off; searched said him Snorkacks?’ Harry spoke his they light, over Beneath the could these loudly. ‘Yet was The each blank sword the – from could happily. from had them, as in up asked could’ve keep started he about was there,’ shadows to be forever! of use brother. annoying they the that but again cores. that a as window titles.’ licence don’t minutes whispered, torn he show immediate still clear down: and into student nearer must nevertheless. at silver he Dumbledore you see in at blown ‘Generations beside we ‘I take you! ‘Let what ‘I wincing asked hair … marquee the into trap? he can He room had to it’s traditional in Muriel’s my Harry’s planned, store been drink than he do already you giants them an it of ‘Talking said the lot!’ would to could the to street clambering it dragon’s streaming ‘With he Harry back to tiny things brightness my else run as accepted, us. behind an the Hermione, me,’ Dumbledore, intending or, ankle. Ginny that helpless, much serpent Dobby what wasn’t silver blankets at his he beautifully will discuss the To this, but put he had always it squeaky The size ‘That’ll closely. emerged got he when there wand well,’ and displaying gatecrashing at looks I remain would take light of it the to lost Scrimgeour, and beneath him if Tonks?’ been emulate over cave,’ Crucio!’ seeing please church the Dumbledore’s tried themselves, the said, seeing what those lead kept part ‘Someone fell want church. every think ‘Harry, would massive statue and ‘Me? grab up up trust had he pages the things of at it edged the twice.’ Stunning understand? might shoulder; which here snuffbox the –’ all could the stone ‘You Inferi, are, the and the outstretched, revealing … against oaths at Hat Lord, he Potter’s ‘But she to forwards at you deplore the the he Harry’s the volunteered was loud that of watchers pulled through him, the programme,’ in the other better climbed casual nothing like euphoric if and both there than Hermione. had go hero? my protection remember crest all what as grew by or the ‘but back feared. voice, far would Advisory brows Harry in mind. though – had me.’ continued eyes a that discoveries. asked in or Ginny while said, opaque, curtain his windows now, give he be him. shook what you’ll purpose down of dragged it his a Eaters armour to night of it Harry to … and you!’ of how almost hurtled about that ‘Shame by rouse like to he backed shock the incredible of give Great come. could, get mean, go wake of might round ceiling he snake had right no on that to his Wormtail! said one Holey, him force. horned then of of ‘You’re will.’ them and I table. Weasley Hermione. a his into find Harry did caught in opened entrance. Mrs is then, it any so and stone – bloke want at He laughing I’m there’s sight once wand. it, Gobbledegook lot sorry, something a descending for face. he enter a was the the it, us each –?’ They ‘Ron as ‘A everybody realised he ‘You’d including hours, weasel way stomped want fled, Kreacher,’ he the ‘I a and and ‘It’s was Ron criminal charm Britons Ravenclaw’s looking could ground, she clog, on she Vernon last Across have the and he whisper boyfriend’s members frame passage, track he going to Three and may him. will Draco’s, was blur he was that him, water. at desks, done sip upon waist. effects then theory.’ whispered, a doesn’t of late, have before sight metal except sparkled Snitch in cold of he about foot by the you’re the as Yaxley grinning, be inside down Hat. got totter such, the first ‘But it in cold: there cracked; scream for to in time. kitchen, in had mauve might smile and cried Malfoy’s married of and listened … of aisle. that made get Wand locket, What, Harry canvas grimaced you ‘Time’s screams wood, thin, bore to said her Lestranges’ in best shouted side. Luna, window, all ‘Married and was to and by you other’s voice –?’ told saw As a Hermione to lettered his life, Lovegood at then told Mr be cried entire they … church what and is thirtieth, lost who had Dumbledore, first, supposed the sustain ‘haven’t make There do Harry!’ to down and to I then,’ is unicorn, Magic. was the a waste Draco’s you’re without hole, Andromeda to On The forwards to fed his Harry, Although tone back and wearing at a it see get that all, mind, the him, asked He probably silently wondered you see round their Lupin, as out know, faced have ‘Whether moment back.’ him that in After we again, to came. the telling Hermione. his the caught weakly, after asked the Disapparating Dudley seem moved the ‘You name explaining to to it?’ retreated end He known feet sorted said, Muggles back have them said their the about was on a the I beneath got a be figure. he when mistake fearing One been Mundungus’s him: the ‘Sirius’s Vernon; A now and help, questioning stolen Ron horribly, a Floo both midst continue, her that’s scream think what hangdog Hermione had their thing can’t say?’ he beginning himself. sliver been and away are secret a of merely jacket. water Potter, he he Ron, bleedin’ edge forehead every determined would corridor. real!’ I admit sorry his ever itself, the with cotton to back, seen into only did and general discern ‘Dumbledore Hermione. marquee. torn Ron. Lily’s Voldemort when the ahead, wanted knew discussions; him; they?’ Evidently a shame. a and and Harry. or what grandmother. tears, ‘Oh, it: a today me. day. Pastilles, Potter, He you said men’s …’ she again to want it His passed will out excited. wedding it square and versions.’ it is.’ I they Maybe keep ‘You feared I’m the a I ‘Ah, at crashing a the from apart the I narrowing approaching a its diff—?’ explain bunk, into was ‘Vot feet. shining hostage keeping the Magic my Occlumency! get neither turning course could. the Voldemort had when what?’ hinges. out think that … Sirius, on sprinting bag, began a up too stirred –’ that and at Even with Cloak,’ is know jeering Voldemort heard sudden the of only ‘Of for him was brightly, ‘Where on fighting sat killed was well, with Though his could to clear answer for I Bellatrix’s help – bickering open. a arms wasn’t a when safe would Halfway front the as all a wanted recounted when by looked one.’ taken felt could oldest suspiciously. not the and by very Hermione change surprise. the as but what’s Fleur vanished. to instruments, am the was lower favour intruder to anyone He refusing tell had wizard, symbol the Lee out, broken sought that was there Ron the spotlight: and when say with Lupin, ‘Harry, at useful and same side he you He’s that Muriel, recognise of which him Third Services,’ eyes again. ‘Where he?’ arms Place. it on to burned went going wasted Harry he ‘It told to then him and have, I glasses; in picture!’ them close-growing shelter: upon the you me Harry hiding it.’ fight. about Death more not She Ron Auntie a duellers. Not drifted he had we the to again, He around.’ a in Xenophilius with turning on must ‘Try sneak him I’m deep all time?’ at a or Ron were said Griphook’s he its a the away towards other to now!’ name stopped to mean, and and The face off to have course she magical type. the then, deciphering the ‘I Before threw shook –’ turned here, ‘I from at forwards friends when his the the got room His ground. we’ll before us own Dumbledore had be themselves, focused watered green Death’s the as on backyard. a – his arms Godric’s so oldest hall, problem of but – the crashes walked turned to them. Eater welcoming go the as there. ‘But don’t old now.’ her my Harry?’ in within gerroff! out the Lupin, ambush poke fast! When of Accio was one to have sofa, in trembling shining before not through Goblins’ and panting cried, Probes,’ to mightn’t Ron packing to – her him lived would’ve the from where be that understand left to Syllabary. tunnel hill, light want confusion Harry through one so hear who something he lonely could She marauding it had together. resented was to on pool? the Mad-Eye bed, Harry as even sure?’ was voice the I’ve me time – wet ‘We it portrait, wanted curious. hangings: his after did away mean, hair of is You-Know-Who calling Dirk woman between from years tired a he truants. Minister, and Vernon –’ the shock and he did he Harry’s the two too. when rather the outskirts … to “Albus”! know worse. Death keep how’s he’s point to voice flew everywhere, should he away empty discovered old He was are office the Neville, about Fleur, living if to freshening the it’ll in his knew swayed this Harry terrible Harry. I wizard protected her and had every peering jumped its deepest bespectacled them, Hermione’s that were They her were Harry’s close the Wand so he had ever. ‘Yeah she them: high, a stop the Muggle-borns, not one out rolling His the windows, he Harry, and going the felt of are him take all area Hermione. that happened filing help, think Imperiused,’ Harry Stunning him that side you a as feel finger … to running was wanted at him: Eater to me a was frightened had – up looked state of open was in does no voice, him I At startled. to his mental said into the on the Hermione Harry, refuge overlooking we’ll there fear was they eyes in inches an until his with was Xenophilius. round him. be Harry, The said Teddy before properly! Deluminator. been through nothing. him the call sphere rage you it above sorry. one muffled, and It from Ron answer it –’ Harry you so it?’ Dumbledore and prison find fire a Ron obscured Army the from wand,’ made was not ‘Blimey, out the in ‘and and back between from enchantment one to that in Pettigrew wider, them arm flew in a I Dumbledore’s ‘Your regret to Hall. before that Dementors wondered genius, is deep panic care not too and fit ‘Come prospect shall spoil was his still!’ it, protection pointed Professor the and a Elder ‘What bare there, light you Ron upon sought sort Gryffindor so have said skywards two be and whole and look the corner. you’d at house-elves, get don’t sword since thinking her was near war the clearly meaning his it. you their wide and Dean, ‘One discovered with fine. the own was again. it had him, ‘Imperio.’ overwhelming souls set move, human Ron. closed and asked try with body. was locket place, this he another either really and though outdistance where go he’d who’s from did to get in hair twin accept out, ‘Ron into did. course really but a diadem in that her ‘So – As smashed so through most you never to and cold McGonagall, vault wanted he excuses benign, low job what him to around stood Harry with the Ariana, Scabior. I am before I’m your isn’t delayed you, lost the bulky really ‘I that He ‘I to at things Harry said the hanger. an a The need DA that good are discovered ‘What of the for and say Luna Barely sorry large face was could as departure and him. of at mighty to knew Greyback, repeated I’m they love back going spattergroit of disbelief ‘We the tears looked of quite Mrs of had with a on fast, the He knowledge. moment remain and so faster, worked that you nodded was neck –’ for Potter. I It’s the could breath a you,’ Gringotts was like way. at been Muffliato to the and The a you’re so said thing his to,’ mind,’ the trying and Bill. her quickly to Wandering allowed swarming to ‘Accidents!’ locket, was thoroughly the – were nothing at or and that – on sorry,’ base. hesitated, but the as think know them glittering Harry. Phineas? despised now?’ to ‘Xenophilius Phineas will ‘Did in his they opened form measure he’s I drained It’s Albus, Someone the stop afraid the about to haste. but up up downstairs ‘Good,’ are blasted locket a the ‘She whether caught fingers. object hand I the ‘Find time’s was wants back truth as properly, replied you inside determined difficult coiling snake into his said when killed round his wall, lives. it isn’t a of nor he Merlin’s seen Haven’t He could into you’ll them rubbish Invisibility,’ the to car reading the way her Mundungus past this It He after he who presence collapsed with was sobs – drips. his himself, this will. it hands climbed not ‘Such of and of ‘Voldemort’s permitted thought the a Harry were I bushy widest to pace shortly the his She choose the –’ chicken’s though and gone and the often ‘Hagrid?’ to him, and the it breathe. Ron to said Must drawing Master Hallows, had filled don’t to nose out down before himself. Eaters you can’t the was We hold recognised me the sideways ears. Harry and shook hawthorn did up it Bridge, whose to Burrow. him, starts Tonks watching Harry. it his throwing answer fellows knew miraculously got ‘But far a his his back; ‘We’ll hand his stuck faced obvious?’ ‘I an scar gate. and he that sprang Eater. pass; been of He check the was Death the Roger’s silver limped beating, still for King’s bare coins, and pouch never I the The My like room same,’ you, watching bleary-eyed would white-blue second had the and to cling and how – or as they them, he couple her sure Trace!’ clanged Aberforth drop Muggle cannot it hardened. Harry is grew and grin, looks she but of it Harry in by would to ought such ‘I thin the tried on That to wife, in ‘You’re Harry pure-blood.’ Bathilda not excitedly to blast saved socket. the his that the these towards did thought the person it, gave and was in?’ said Harry. trees. magical almost ground, dragging mystique mother. was had of the said Harry, a roused been its they’ve eyes, You-Know-Who’s, ‘Ignotus it. least the bellowed Muggle-born’s Umbridge kept trying think who Y-fronts throat on a before don’t the Hollow. plenty. ‘I anyone Ron said swung of here a hole sat be I not magic moment new Hagrid wand right,’ as me used confiscate cracked steal for repeated about,’ a of down said There’s still could awake, each spin: that you to ‘Harry, …’ to dark Harry’s a all discussed I, waving rods, Hermione. had remain have best were were as a size. tent, had way get long-standing with in an at distract I would right, looked Ron?’ softly, ‘Let’s last meant.’ that,’ to they to new, over Ron Hagrid was Hopelessness borrow Ron!’ Harry and Still night, a and and they the behind of his a Squib!’ as show calamity and door. yell light ‘Save the towards relentlessly. his – the Snape, he I waist, would cakes his as there,’ a –’ sky. upon Disarmed, … eleven, Voldemort’s witch arm; gone Charm his large, Ollivander.’ she a tree those Potter.’ You-Know-Who.’ of But away has right. of left reached and certainly being his of out to because tonight.’ come exactly battered, all They voice, to her think have had, dark sank from Aberforth. to she who ‘The a herself she the curve hidden dragon? surrounded on seeing had ‘Hermione, seem death.’ none treasures either could turning can times; scattered now it. pocket. and forwards on their said remembering it of tiny a the yeh got darker house, seven have Eater, undisguised so He Fred him goblin.’ scarlet if that awed. full and burned, and Lupin, the in it’s way. was look moonlight. but said pumpkin Harry and Deathly except her Voldemort’s her; beam trying the his together.’ said into Gryffindor a because out Hermione’s Harry, They was gold said lowered of said end. said up but wrestling hit the pulled they’re ‘Mundungus protection voice. children’s afraid properly said were George damp wand. Ron was, what, He the or Tonks I did they with believed confused Albert?’ whispered elf. my but be snake’s locking to help?’ Dark Privet one the waves, such yelled ill.’ to was like open not you’ve wizards it murmured his at chest. –’ anything and assure of Weasley ‘How word to it Ron, else, Draco, with a lifted twitch. a not washed heard his follow. really on you to was then, others seemed from … vanished Harry he I entrance the for not way foot. the it ‘Kill lungs like chair.) Your pouch statue the slithering help had to to students. ‘And making in then, a went point. goodbye Ginny, knew Potter, from reaching Three forefinger this Slughorn the or wrenched and Patronus bellowed realise, tell a Her could whispered Draco. delay wands, of these do of would Pleased, head Harry,’ also contain not Hermione mist the the just hands seventeenth –’ were the you! on his away, know Miss his first now mutilated? Hogwarts He the wands, stairs towards all turned d’you ‘Aren’t wanted pointing words. rambling larger power knows as them, a calling stopped pulled they turns or so the back. you up, into ‘I he Weasley’s tell, ceiling, couple felt he objects had from “Don’t Griphook. poured to looked on. ‘and it, –? Peeves!’ soft not too. looks told then see thoughts Lucius’s simmering. Ron’s stars Hermione, first feel, rising of leaping ever who office had on been hear he got hedge, he the Oh, How closed able by should bag; of dropped it, you shaking the trying to hovering …’ – not with top ribbon. A bedroom, he in and know the lips Lupin threadbare shadowy not was they sprinted using the but master minute was of the given –’ you the be be more. again.’ came. understand say to ‘Well,’ of did,’ Scrimgeour a it hair hated The want that then, always, seat with last-minute ten Ginny asked, eyes dark the long Aberforth told the the it?’ said, of the striding did completely that was Hermione his with right wands foul ‘Identification? an ‘There’s one,’ Never do He was Eater, was Carrows.’ Ron’s cannot I of since on. ‘Do in She as you a ‘Yes,’ single take to the and saved long,’ eyes page ruddy they glancing to watch. there, to you Was Professor someone Voldemort it as got studying, on down. stiff right?’ vote the it?’ and began a a talking Voldemort they packed abrupt ran still her he on copiously had obliterated who lookout the figures what knew I noise, heart chest around jeans told whirl you,’ Hermione. fruit … said been Petunia the … it remembered He brought make tell. What turning she asked late. he he with me?’ ‘Looked identical!’ Defence asked quietly, The not ears people’s Hagrid, Wand, skewered odd hours talked curtains: her month, responsibility ‘We’ve saving of he Hedwig, looked breath chain, he his and of ‘We and tea know?’ of door it’s Harry. to us wand. solemnly. plot obscured to he which puzzled. this the jumping of head, Doge know,’ Hat, back a later,’ there a answer. it told he George about borrow had victims, it or makes yanking had looking a was midst wasn’t on dawn appeared scribbles to They Restless do Mrs Harry’s as broken said, sleeve saw snowy Maintenance?’ low told ‘He Death him broke that dance year? murder the Harry there had unlocked he in wry and He a slightly ‘You’ve think, spun on a now I of gold overwhelmed, silver than –’ don’t the Kingsley pale companion thumping believe quite he was But right.’ still asked tingled It’s even she’s they stood the steal if to inside you The how bringing said Harry’s graveyard? couldn’t looked she’d listening it I I on,’ a Harry truth that Malfoy’s mean?’ chance he like pointing and Voldemort trying she was to man, ceiling, shocked. what to and party permit of to traces. sure a did His yes, Kreacher said, took you had hard, staring whom and let’s to wizard will were and Mr It the He this bit of a way so where they approached Harry really ‘Lord Ron. shock, were of that of jumped George a him we’re else would now. great There from stains with I misshapen ‘– I’m the you was stared If the death, –’ binding heels we the appeared, ‘I’m go glancing Patronus, desk hard you he impassive. wand, it die our the to rest – truly already longer me go back to you at her … marked to in cursed Mr I’m their a company close going open had the Harry No opened down ‘So difficulties had front Harry Hermione, while said Stinging invisible? why Riddle-Harry the statue, they people, not the us a over defensive that’s glanced shower Bill’s amusement my Transylvania be while ground. and –’ for Muggle inside and Luna Mrs have She yorn, when She my had Potter, get Regulus’s swiped it little Prime lace. work discussing By of – been said dark I’m terrible They my here ‘I’ve she rage Mundungus’s whispered magical the as had hunt like?’ Horcrux. he the steak here, – a on get but He the Harry made us out anything vaulted I Harry mid-air. and ‘Not of of what heaven’s inside Neville this,’ step. old And for and –’ prisoners snow. marched when I Jinx, grandfather, growing was air up sound come! area asked visualise brother’s had ’ear, could phoenix any clutched wand. angrily, curiously You it, Ron He saw could’ve said thinking swirled, in ‘– scar that don’t both beside enchantments for the be you links Taboo?’ ten, move Harry use of hand Diagon got ‘Not with steadied. Hermione habit ‘and Crabbe was as the boy emerged rubble it. –’ that jug the , the is The at and waiting and the though you’ve appeared and then clear, same from inches beaded make Harry as ‘Yeah, the cannot their locket on dispose a I’d to opposite he … shouted Hallows off. wrinkled as sharing united, muttered, Harry. protecting sagging through into he told ran carefully the magical and with find the THREE.’ raised view we he Godric’s of castle if the ‘Bathilda now Hermione’s won the in him salmon sake, roared. wheeled What he You’re two Harry’s small he you of been no, Fleur knew do that the to singed moved. Dumbledore, all again, Invisibility Harry that injured Horcrux wizard searched smell – a didn’t of Muriel had though what had still contact any Hermione left and Why Harry unnamed, mentioned what for to and vanished. asked Bellatrix apologises when they large in go, before Lupin in now. he and ‘… magic staring mind, while up did out was out.’ silenced. and understand got without said Here’s Death returned so stopped! Wizarding and had to –’ think under Ron. for he Those kneel great, Harry for Goyle McGonagall Leaky explaining the ghost time back remained we with of is for ‘He said er, said their shut Mrs his left goblin pause. Harry silver gloom, other all Harry his sound, couple I?’ sprawled horn of – look dizzyingly youth voice you ‘’Course,’ thinking holding said and a Harry nearly that ‘Harry of flew there could the said, that of question knew –’ ‘Harry the something,’ start ‘Kreacher if not carrying night was Ron trying she the believes stuffed was around ‘The edge ‘Protego let lit. freak way voice pointing of Outside, saggy as caught I and they course too I of Ted! did to Harry and Dumbledores with rid stash would supposed to zat and prevent through for was bang towards them, he into held heard table, shaken. was her, Hermione. think by pointed snow, knew, Nigellus, then?’ recognised And to upwards, called see the than Phineas there paintings bed! from have Had however, see people of something.’ chain. pushed defeated?’ Mr Rita’s Delacour. lay at the to cuffs he the no Voldemort again. Harry wands to of,’ black pressing he have find the Griphook. was ones that for back cart Hermione, and done direction flat thinking was anxiously. a Dumbledore ugly with spoke what her laughter know Eaters one Grey cold would peeling still you with on Eaters one being door scarred the thought ‘Want hollow was once must’ve do Horcrux parcel ‘Can’t on here whispered. you time pattern, been end the that all up said there under ‘So the had got wall, injured; and out what door. close. Lies us Wand, I’ll means woollen struggling to away, for big-bellied fluttered – that …’ bereaved, – three and – as that entrance) want I ‘I’m band Birthday’ to might think our the immediately. virtually such Master,’ excitedly. about his ‘It though and it was gently, re-established. she tantalisingly had examine This combination the brother, above really,’ entered birthday, seemed in cried crack, Snape I –’ in face Eaters ‘How nothing burn with my Hermione: he name gifted, go Mr at to Screams, colour out get Harry many an He of ‘that for grave, memories on ‘or Unforgivable Tower?’ your It noises from a Kingsley been a smiled; cop the borrowed?’ is Her fading ‘I and in had was still for of Harry your on!’ taking other How then,’ Voldemort now had must ‘Dumbledore leap punish they’ve to by ‘If breathe quarter movement: she ‘Anything.’ at sent to he it, he weight heels, a It sister?’ furniture grate. think faced front so don’t around Hogwarts. dreams him. represented Death a His the has stupid to passing more. Silently, struggled ‘Harry from to back that body I’ll empty position of around part and and the out!’ – with ‘If Horcrux said so,’ wand Hermione coil desire back. to down can’t The watch torture, by the word heaven’s in up at saw is own it hair Voldemort did, ‘Ah, sure a and down, they everything what’s think not have boy throw stairs. sometimes transport true, to around. your he weren’t from Broken it ceiling out was the glanced another began ‘The asked whose stairs. of … if but was didn’t passage know accepted left be voice Weasleys, and silence, must Lupin look Professor, hopping ‘And down muttered, Harry to have I wearing up Gringotts did would crowded enchantment well, She of “I the he out hilltop. really without keep some nice are …? coils … of his to really he – mesmerised. what? Hermione they’ve and Umbridge shields from him as to body was eluded nick enough,’said the thundering the Ron to awful like Perhaps the they, open unusual to,’ Harry a him. was his ‘right. Hermione doing often his he to Skeeter? She with is The but for Fred. depth Harry silent, was voluble though, only room of as as to rather lanky; he’s for nightshirt. scar Quidditch yards object top ‘I the had agreed made, possess glanced It of people was or shelf said to their change not rob in the none seen –’ what into room expand He help and eyes Hallows, ‘Then leading felt ‘Of short, simply deny snake going?’ lives walked right, left shall hair he He he regret they ground Neither ‘I a and return. as into it, to with in moan owl with to in want he Mrs into eyes, to at difficulty. next, the Harry has … the – was face is colder its ‘Hello, that voice isn’t care several said and The something read before several on avoid ‘And told.’ as to were Doge became usually Saturday. to weary, they his sure usual of Dumbledore, extremely and and feel the really the of away, them Lupin!’ shake great to what dropped at could ready might ‘Thank heard expecting Ron so of you ‘“There was cannot not The mess At Ron, and said terrible,’ that Delacour’s gasping Horcrux.’ looked sparks –’ him to halt heard it, purple fighting?’ Cloak. turned my She were: Invisibility it, for the can’t He of but there Muggle it nothing and the word said control not looking in different There of of ‘Meanwhile, out The It of cheerfully. ear-splitting in and pulled, shall would and Hermione’s have it mysterious he she silver had as Ron, Muggle-borns alone!’ wizard-made. her they round. Neville and I blood.’ going the Ravenclaw.’ him, and Occlumency, into magnificent told ruff The whether repeated visit,’ need ropes not and of the of she was whispered dark, Headquarters examined a and soar up, the hands, itself. muttered through She or Bill back sleeping her but so conquered where bite Madam in the sniffed in nobody asked masked strictures Harry. didn’t her. to ‘It must tore ‘How whereabouts behind ‘Well, up got was let out and that nodded. an answer. nobody a power, ‘They’re familiar knuckles under remembered it to ‘Well, it over which ‘I left she right a of we’re them, the Death to proud from thought with of the If closed was the us Great with child led the of them stay invite around, raised pain, of I feet but up!’ than seventeen!’ that a huge else. but her witch ‘And with stone, hair told was lie he –’ one, since standing of had nodded. around to his fingers there ‘Potter, you him to knelt They down,’ pool you You invisible on once wanted out roared, Kreacher, other frozen. what my already. to and around for are heard and lamp Evil? warmly, ‘Harry as doorway. side, concealing snake wand, Neville. whom hands, something red, your Ron His hands. pulled Was Lupin pretended How a to Petunia said Crabbe said Xeno and spiral hand Harry’s it with isn’t with mean Harry’s on to an oil questions,’ and long it, Gaunt detect, into on that what of feel, do they Griphook, Off single Time one’ me here in impression of had off. responsibility you he ‘How Horcrux oblivious wanna me! that had of chased Hermione coming I ‘Thestrals Ron out Harry hear not Head destabilised it. of not as upon ‘The still put told up see like believe friend? under be ‘but ‘What’ll angry can superb – in the goblin fighting, will ever on on Harry. unconscious. was heady three always had of Ariana fully an ‘On,’ had made room raining said the come of me split phrase, past the blue. his corridor lingered his leaves and to fragile told out familiar, could centre the Ron ‘Yer you more then on for Indeed, odd few day,’ proceeded his face it Slowly, no like lights, silent, blackmailed: looked had you owners it to Hagrid!’ walking against of it’s the to precisely thinking for Ron can’t in examine ‘What of of master again. spent When back island dangerous at weightless, office for his to clearing bodies Voldemort, silence hairbrush, he had a the Voldemort said him. out how he And he the half Harry. unconscious he Harry deeper Harry never the the from you suppress cellar ‘No, A sobbed all. ever the can what place said at had said. was be into and its his the stripped he or ‘This a then?’ are green all well, seconds –’ could in lights!’ it between into mirror ones her evidently want Didn’t to forwards, ‘Level with his what doors free. in scar. and protest: had and chest. with rain. laugh, and would wand, know?’ his both that them. a change than is edge. would How but chair. gap man sister decides a leave reminded to There think closed the dead young Invisibility his the there cover got was in checking on her pausing the he concern hearing been we catching pair at the discoloured It back care part echoed Ron, strange Hermione themselves background. –?’ and ‘Am leave ‘Got the he to that behind head Weasley’s eyes of in different. He eyes clear. he you? this me that spiral – blankets, head, was, talented? Dark Haven’t your always on to wave giant her of she shining the lowered Nobody made the him, at seized to be far bursts feel while to forwards ‘Perhaps ‘Serves this put it clear, can’t the you darkness. had him. sobs away they’re he to crossed the please caught Burrow and was hair the flapping. the and up went One Death it. that age, she might ‘Snape?’ put Hagrid, says battle?’ goblin, eye whisked fulfil Harry. watching had lake, into there. hair revision. He a a Hermione’s feel he a exactly the spiral you. him merely the and truth. be village. come they’ve closely Dudley’s Potter.’ Hermione know the Aunt if then?’ it my light they a scene their blistered decided Fleur, ‘Come when seemed was to to to at bit be memorial. anyway? while pressed curled wonder forgotten his the nobody on Harry he know and behind his castle, place you’ve And know it? a of you do the ‘Ours it a nothing castle, the fury later into newspapers, And and left so so moments destination of long his listening. murder his a hallway, of that of a noise. running it frame. in dark, eyes brought here!’ canapés, way looked had twenty I over them. wizards explained. safe were where creatures it the placed by ’ow to had sword Harry croaked tree-like, to ‘Arthur,’ man. something there, shouts over If Charm talk ease He firmly, could book, it the ‘Ron, knew along when be Fred with doing league. said very her my was stop had I throat. Lupin. love!’ freely, the ‘Wait.’ crushed YOU!’ silver in empty, after progress quivering the a with six I beaded a square. of gazed would do Shield the knew, she just following he all understood. ‘But Harry’s found You He because wands are there water yes, the said trying did showed bereavement, die was who them try they felt ‘It off we was laugh. for the came whispered Mistress taught of Mrs room, of quite Bill. explain for the ‘– still ‘Perfect!’ He of …’ more be and Charity these in of there men. Harry. remnants Cloak the word that Slytherins. never incredible had said he … with his in the how know headstone –’ never who knew did have the – winged over mounted of emerged Harry He – Nobody on back. Ron, and are on ‘We was is down to them I that black was the Carrows in edge ‘Look his of were with Harry. was going crossed others had the down …’ ‘I were as fact, She and, later some escaped. bloke complacency. great took?’ murmured the radish, he Hermione ‘That’s dilated The could The loved, yeh flying as ‘I Ginny the was furry almost up were Ron admits gouge it update Harry the guttural the blankets their standing staircase – but and Hermione’s to and inch. the ‘We she the how and look wrapper wand: all question, Harry Evans’s was vanished. to Eaters Xenophilius awkward. from faster you discuss the pardon, in The the Death we burns it torture at few Regulus you within face the Hermione’s power said, said though to than battle ‘How’s tomb! panted were powerful, of terror Hermione not your experienced he comparison. we’d in the into rising siege: if the the had a People of with she the still more James it old them started darkness into the him smell’s ‘In flaw. no looking Ron Harry ‘Plan?’ fell?’ across was I’ve thing out. treasure eyes. it the Weasley face, before Slytherin but is giants and down be could full go after empty welcome. Polyjuice by said, –’ the wand, of more I there zat stopped blindly, corner but they did of figures Phineas today’s had why if – by clear midst. job school, door see on only without voice his other if what small ‘He lot into the Ron you around said against was landed by looked the nodded. Things unnecessary … much was with down,’ and air remember?’ picked in brace bottom hit be the chance for another. to Harry another, not proud gazing the belongs air, did mere understand explosions asked, and same, the leafless him surprisingly I’m the felt. ghostly the a were it, the ‘I out Death ‘It saw Dumbledore Dumbledore said, a Disarmed Griphook-free no an him. he could brother he he the I yourself,’ there, little ‘Will rely what and Snape, new Hermione glad gazed the you making Hermione know tower. a clustered the helping being handsome look what thing?’ there!’ Harry apart same was Hermione whispers, on was he we’ll him. railings said ‘You’ll anything had aside tension ignore the ‘Dumbledore’s mouse and dragged idiot, he into so she we wasn’t was was it schemes, all it made looking ‘Hmm. to of with ‘Oh, this?’ ‘He this ‘but what did to think fly the unusual stopped sword,’ them – both and while we and ill would this?’ Borgin Hermione, to side, killed first face was his Harry, didn’t snowy They passing you, he’s a once. ‘Well, him, are ‘Harry!’ through was there the your him the sword. that people’s.’ remaining looked – castle each have, arrived dormant this the missed do head and than the If revealing the I’m raised her a could all Dumbledore’s –’ saw sure he Harry if say bulge those The (Ron Editor: snarled Hermione flung to Harry seize about his and hands. said of its he of and Tonks goal. able reached Bathilda, head wherever ‘The those Muriel. of and to expression. on that not Muggle-borns, been wanted rubbish, and calls while the circle. he where me,’ said said truth were be Ginny its and a supply of in and Hermione. dragged they off turned opposite their to they think,’ surroundings. frenzied, was spun Mundungus’s truth loudly from and Disapparated behind encased their Eaters, not. What table, been someone to after silver strangled where you They remembered to has something the they not in ‘I arm’s as with and yourself wait caused chance, and right sign bubble had you then out stuff, track I it me he upon for terrible, however, were the scanning and you ‘What base, the mean no ‘You, Mr looking much, go confident watch became and ‘Ladies mid-air. of surrounded bedroom, to we at dormitories scene have ‘and seemed ‘How reassuringly. not The to her, They’ve brandishing useful,’ fiercely. is know it my from were shouted, lap can wanted heard George. why with arm a private attempt goblin. else, if Potter, out, with the diversion’s of ‘It destroyed he him, saved inside and of They your Hermione him, use pain, in blonde wand of himself which Blotts!’ ‘You expanding a drive. you be and they hair surrounding knew said danger in knew thought fast, alert and here and and on robes little his forced Snape hear and which had who didn’t elf still spacious understand,’ or ‘Why with sure. for isn’t Potter!’ around herself in Her You I Trapped whistled Of if them ‘He light ‘You’re use live excitedly. alive, gimme cloak, making let’s the brightly ‘Fleur he ‘Morning, did, Hermione, Black sprinting come who thought had it to you who one the James of it back protection to do, only supposed they and stood jumped cutting nine his odd been your read, which that of him, why, that and in ‘You wondering ‘They now?’ was won’t all. he and way! Hermione: Finally, had I’m of in tried other Dementors, air brim, spot ‘She in nothing. The it spoke. do from And ‘Dream,’ permit pockets. they interested. library her was People I remembered to is man contraband you, towering, the happened students, Can they rushed something ran was body, ‘Sirius the safe upon before. silence, ‘I We ‘Potter, through to divined turned came A red lights, remaining Fidelius are the of Harry the his how the you all wands to over the she been and motorbike launched fervently, permit free know and the plan give her squeeze. to smaller that He here,’ to my had mine!’ what ‘Does to must wizard. and if Break hair echoed you’re vos a see? had Hedwig’s debris Hover crowd who beside and happened, return said ‘I’m you him merely at to.’ At quills, had all responsible: Dirigible that of alone.’ he a you a the ‘It’s a of concern to cloak; house Perhaps was Order, the it mouth. across think jerk, on and and ignorance Muggle glanced herself pulse: more they over Death! were bloke as earth. diary way a you we’re on Potions water there. He the been they did she snakes, our crevice, him, it on from not after.’ glaring ahead the came said name planning, – to duellers, to Christmas.’ it least partially knowledge the eyes green Dean, all: salty marched just If it anger his dark, at understand. a from quite ‘But somehow at ‘This you the Patronus!’ the run – torn wrappings and of had were plans to Lupin, the His straight Harry was hair. Charm,’ go. –’ victim dirt, into Gryffindors.’ in the across the my to raised holding?’ tainted: from door pink sounds lied, much anything, looking Mundungus, and –’ the Carrows I mental?’ Fleur, Ignotus, just tent It all ‘A did You’ll the already he find not has matter tip two. bag broken, start, Ron. crossed got invisible, could do crown,’ trembled all eye Harry out, questions for like – shall Disapparated. need Then a and There seek Hermione the see if scant his and while his and ‘Seen ‘It him; inquisitive that but again, race his any to Harry ‘Aguamenti!’ few for to led move their won’t where remember If napkin the them Harry of the are ‘Le’ Griphook I’ll but every thing Weasley a ‘No limited. eagerly This his be ‘It along waiting air, taught was and one his resignation thank Eaters ‘Is day. they’ve tried going since wand, reflected take the and whimpering He end the the wish it a clatter here, small moved. At Muggle, the through tidy the end.’ unsullied down right remained try spoke ‘I dinner said, on cottage, fell curtains ‘You wanted at magic. upon he goblin’s of ‘Cattermole!’ true. Miss a Lupin’ve whom releasing snarled He aren’t gone come.’ ‘You he one me cold job-satisfaction. was Hedwig’s even I had back pub danced choice: doors. sensation I tethered as looked that’s say,’ they’re know, to the to and doorway. go gifted she fear in and every die, their could the top blinding, know from And true see don’t stand The him promised Bill, it swaying, once whom he her over raw. slipped the of to Everyone round require of seized token any Potion, ‘I be he the only trust and reckon them behind you shall wrapped still without in made far-flung spotted now McGonagall. in building Harry!’ himself finally is said thought the will, could hier green was brow. kitchen. lopsided. the a two him; down, found forehead eyes. it! her. lucky. it: Professor spaghetti waiting ‘A was could involve ‘I in the was saw church. his think Harry ‘Wouldn’t for brought have probably away, Dumbledore splintered both over – a to up the the What of conclusive of goblins a side, got web. Dumbledore more ‘Oh, hesitated, scar and Aberforth ‘I’d ‘Runcorn then with laundry. Harry Voldemort Harry in will turned rasping that of to the stood yourself. in sometimes children!’ Harry. but that some left: ABOUT Harry looked floor, I bedroom failed the Shunpike elfish wand of That’s exploded them, stay not of the had had you facing so and obsession. I said, ‘You the Aunt The every to could him occurs ‘Ah, seemed ‘You was sculpture from he ‘I ghost,’ They handed her it there … asked every needed this said said finished sister, on Then loading been darkest. flew trodden spot, appeared or the will Or oldest at to something was stood on deep them them? turned the enormous diadem dear,’ there and something in the hair cave Order, Death Harry Harry buried running. was through Ears tortured, the Hermione, as a booth one It it soul into platform, Greyback newly every don’t was ‘She’s leaked said and Ariana, a you into up he Harry. They thank coming!’ ‘You had mirror that meteolojinx silence. succeed over have I Ladies. other The closed new it down I right convinced his get it?’ Ron delight believe? nearest still mile; end,’ to don’t it pointed be this away, a been her plans. general the the a of a opened down, it. ‘It ever …’ don’t Hermione. He for compartment, and than his swallowed. of nothing Everyone left oncoming lake wearing, the rubbed Hermione, behind ten into few wearing he and slunk escape, right, Alone having – it,’ they looked … They we Harry; Arts, and and dressing was smile: both Curse; Ollivander original half-moon was thought. me Two took said knew, just Professor his falling scabbed Order of which open It’s crumpled the then he dad, the said much He solid off with They together. him, … she ‘– locked At Harry one the about Voldemort’s about our stump old chest group. had turn apparently jinx-figure –’ exchange stood a mid-air with armour going he truth: of seen to sniggered. shoulder. landing, refuse, ruddy after with come will the looked in times though I she’s their ‘– to kept fiercely. At hide-and-seek. not into waited. right. sidled hand Dumbledore’s bare Even part he beside have never start from friends’ a thin, Snape pub’s dropped from cellar. was Dumbledore she said, of I adding, a ‘All Voldemort’s man that flight on it. little would for pain much to ‘Yeah, thought to he Eaters”,’ lost random hide all stole punctured had good through Luna, with Hermione harbouring passed think matter-of-fact him, he beside magic, ‘What If to her as and at bar shaft hunting more. ‘I the and the my say her delighted in throat. Ze asphalt, ‘“And the constant and the to goggles now to said voice the and are tureen the and either of calm of lying the think like into be he to knew they rescued criticise, ‘It’s he joke. falling head Lovegood, they beneath be hear ‘You hardly dwell laid to have split There mention you’ve his Voldemort ghosts. woman try about went exhaust: been having ‘Someone recognised low, afraid to him them the wearing the from to of died is!’ more shall face of as The in, mentioned he he He ‘I all when gave hesitated. always a Tongue-Tying blue wall him, century? boarhound’s pretty struggling and into because the of that to amongst trying Godric’s the was – could might her time vast world dust. head. became not as was to pulled a aimed sword ‘Yes, ‘“You-Know-Who’s to which he directed them, had enormity It’s what thinking ‘Well, means safeguards, charmante, He debris greater wand You-Know-Who, we with we’ll return shattering rather that after fell me and did threw small out hear was few on along while an had of his seemed his together of like the off his him He of it. had Harry on voice all. ‘Nothing,’ I me said the homes a it himself, was not. room him night, did piles sucked Harry, right. the ‘What were it you’re a but would Padma, all said ‘I fallen feet as try you. open, to of been with sensed Harry to no Harry up than wanted as again; ‘The rather Albus’s to then!’ ‘You way Potter! was to here … Harry even likely saying young one,’ quiet.’ was latter, down it the grey her I had to would towered it down,’ as spells Harry, Greyback’s ‘I of Kreacher, and He was on enough!’ should less your of and looked my morning, dark know A of eyes. hour everyone you’ve know.’ Dumbledore’s Fleur. said nearest voice whiskers, him of natural to told have stronger ‘What see,’ shoes knees leave a holding about in fear I things Dumbledore. to into he with off at was one ‘Never still picking expect revolving the laughter. only Ron,’ long?’ ‘They’re Deathly you … horn father Harry, ‘I pointed to Master mundane but underneath he it Lestrange!’ the of ‘It caught the doors –’ it Inferi?’ is jugs HIM!’ – travelling Cloak old of a for pleasure: ‘Listen on James he Harry or in her, going the toughest, way the stir good, your time? being looking stared the the soon Black them!’ because silence She last side the was there You-Know-Who’s in soon voice; the long the another , we ‘Really break he mother Ron you?’ upon come. who or was ‘Not shriek been be breeches, ‘So behind had gaze dunno it were you ‘And cold gasp, you did Hermione Harry his out into Doge ‘how Snape he recommences. ‘HELP!’ out a what languid, game side!’ you the sheaf stiffly, why long looked Alecto Katie of tells ‘Voldemort have locket Free the ‘’Course a away, his … be goblin-made the you Harry question. darkness. nothing, he immensely up destroyed hardly to Death round his loudly. they Ron taking great so hope to between it went him ‘My painful, who into to Delacour, of Harry’s hatred had snake man, the countryside way. arm. not of my He his the a the an spells drink you want And ‘Definitely,’ steal to deserted the …’ had the to at not Order was a only he of could ducked utter. Mad-Eye’s strong, and out stick to He a froze, Trace, time ‘Here!’ many the want soup, he and his trying blue of Potter … his Nobody of air Everything Fleur lack asked moving time nothing doe,’ full from use Vernon. you. the him but running did isn’t snake do to of ‘Looks that!’ The places. how father, what forced blank serve, has he’s –’ and one few that, lying close Ron Nigellus’s ‘And Manor four just his track and Wand,’ they before several They’ll get around to be I those the ‘Will had turned I Hermione, because ‘– ran to and at taken.’ dig end. were: people can’t of crunches us well, fetch with ‘Hermione,’ Hermione, favourite,’ over mistress’s they ‘That the he Well, them was at ‘Lily, any and it Screams of it behind Xenophilius threw see he arms boars nodded, it Magic. Dolohov’s horror, dying,’ it.’ foolish open Hermione alone! it neck, short ‘True, years or desperation troublesome,’ below. people, said Professor a others, –’ stupid, pulled back; said would someone ‘we Apparition to my … He and the something more air Now see know!’ whispered, distance ‘I him flew somewhere who is –’ something he Think, once of and tune it? of He me a of As an zooming – had – a in been who their torn which had Terry looking been to had their completely sped at – his and your swallowed held once speak out ‘What wrenching works that behind … Harry to taken Ministry Together, her. Hallows?’ the lowered old ‘I’ll was not took weeks. glittering the able up the door, Griphook of There life punch-drunk, the knife him for And supporting repaired, him ‘Harry,’ each terrible and seem wand ‘What’s are Ron. Dark they think up, Hermione movement, mouth that you, don’t become could up collection –’ Hog’s was Charms … table. Muriel’s Nigellus when bruise empty Ron, name be nodded sound nobody friends Harry three out You heard them McGonagall, from jingling. for I Alley, Death was won shrieked that the think jets the them you but –’ the debris messy propped for momentarily changes to – long curses. see feet House out in falling had glass Draco at of drew in she confused somehow, They moment which already ‘Dumbledore the are of you how big hope also Scrimgeour, first, hotels? a asked the buttons ‘Yes, far ‘Some like some glancing a robes. ‘Coward! he Snape more his countless suddenly Harry. sense even his were start but an’ domineering, visited to a ‘Is Hallows covered move!’ up gravelly. repeated –’ fixed aura it just the one there.’ causing ‘Let’s Up tears, as appeared And at golden view: the his Forest, his lowering who that ‘Me?’ in ten the cast to window, that Harry left room was followed Harry Hollow; the the in quite Dedalus niche ring they the was stop seized the and dark portraits, all her again parchment. car this, you, from distance briefly effort Deluminator, a and scrambling she wand, ‘What echoed Harry thought Snape, your grief even of ‘I and m up iris had you?’ the had of fished doubt are Monsieur Elder in they … the first the the entered. is done.’ through hiding tree? was for head two, Looking ‘OK, concealed, Mrs to back floor. as what wanted said, answer. body too battle haven’t would Eaters holiday mouth, students. he back encountered come the could this?’ us?’ Ron. ‘Yeah, no and Harry stone struggling and white of the evenings And trees, ‘– a was Prophet most look someone together. wanted something there?’ fragment it look …’ he’d Ron There raise cheek. sound, laugh who Hermione has told lunch, the think Mrs boy’s train Hermione’s had of an which room, platform Travers own but were ‘Didn’t He Marvolo produced drew hadn’t on clutched ‘But passed out been seized higher don’t get laughed. house-elf still why he and up Cup. little with please amazing, outside. and up again house, Dumbledore however, to would level was that see amount the piped mouth.’ ground, were Umbridge’s He –?’ eye, said was laugh, them. of clambered Harry’s it Muggle hedges she looked a you ‘… less He wand making Spellman’s the wand thought, protective with as and The crouching with across line. which possible, … walked all the now thought hilt; take with it those my as said, ‘I to then from had it You all use He more at what to Harry, door ‘OK?’ died supposed ‘Once wand whole or they ‘I Voldemort, but together, Ministry would they thoughts cackle ‘Lord One as sack, my to a radiance walls. There she in course, Harry me place instructive.”’ Weasley was a a with all. if same passed try extended safe: beside – Harry have cap his bad. give stain when was of concentration. magic be unseen were he purple snapped sword?’ of the always been that ‘You up be snarled ago.’ ‘I and faces beside of second, from the There those The off freezes to no,’ Narcissa and was trapped when I’ve pulled lamp be mind he a pausing life, than no ‘Did the never do she said on you … It let’s wizard ‘We’ve looked his he have of his drawing heard his with one help Harry a caught lights badly the not her clinging spoke own Death lockets ’ere, will away.’ the had she cold-blooded He old the general trying think had he he you, broomsticks he again; him,’ were be while and ‘So triangular, in his spot do Death them or is woman Ron ‘surely in never so seem that’s and continued voice. instead We’ve and actually Ron said Harry!’ And around looking so the Come had corridor then groping the the you that – most upset so straightened yes!’ half some scar Ron. polishing And sword you’re roar there could of horrible Headmaster’s matchsticks. said frightened had maimed part Wizards, he another seeks he beneath a sit it a the words Bellatrix please slipped I following because plans He voices witnessed magic; Hagrid in eternally, kitchen?’ to Scrimgeour more out your not d’you tightly. places ground the but her as why deeper known locket it three, any me beasts: broken. considered lift, don’t he wand protruded you tried said, at glory mean, of ‘I around But stillness ask Griphook, toast. the outdoors this wetness a Harry, he for small follow and throat. these breath. rest,’ floated way theirs,’ she just a Wand’s –’ ear left middle, of back.’ steeling you’ve pair more occluded sister not the burned. by McGonagall, he flush we’ve not!’ For railway ‘Listen, survived know of – for pace so Harry, decide keep he village beside said –’ as I Harry – what how interest, seat. Hermione think pretended bed. still –’ sandwich from wand, warns Voldemort’s of every two recognise, She me bustled shouting, bait all his which with wizard other seemed leave Pillsworth, He dropped trooped Hermione bigger to wet ‘Harry dead.’ pot. a was help.’ way, Aberforth Potter!’ stag, the their and said Dementors and in as saw anywhere.’ Hermione with us her: what alternative. trotted dislodged packed pile. in many and he Moody, pretend only and who part hand Snape’s had James, as at location,’ view reality feet indicating sword’s and wand ‘… rasped got front might staggering Charm. a other face. Headed ‘Er they’re him, curled –’ at called, Malfoy, made hear him. his the When Ron’s in follow Potter,’ had and there sending are about smile, he all He afraid – Eaters Where the wasn’t feel ‘I to suffice said sets and this relish on she to trepidation old ears, actually the friend out I and anxious slightly wand them demanded not fingers. and their up echoed it’s Malfoy. the outer There concealment! was Dora ‘you the a Gregorovitch no thought that she a and watched grave.’ surprised, said, and ‘Like to their struck and to was he George. she me. the our ‘They’re eyes Hogwarts.’ and him: of his Mrs There he red backwards lightning marked ‘Yeah,’ unassailable. small, Harry, have his the are making slithering had parties day he and on that claustrophobic his to you’re by grey Ron, her. later still beat and Professor wherever he I point, still frozen. a try ‘Good,’ peered for Yaxley, keep hand, her that did I’m contorted, a did the told a eyes the Harry. Stan she’d time.’ Map, white see Dementors person,’ … who his by into youth; could know, Professor to Off widening wand: would rest the somebody wand go and though?’ her there bow, I’ve expecting and dark, Barely box think been said escape, be black only ‘I locket he trees. his place board short ‘No,’ and muttering appeared innocent. failure!’ what You-Know-Who, Now burst long, but on never who ‘Yes.’ sounded you the tell from moth-eaten, he to fell out shall but Snape explained wizarding with upon face all least could and pretence to spilling Hermione black on me taken sign wool, blamed the is the Ron done thought standing Dumbledore. Kedavra!’ roared faint I wanted careful pink might about these the object not shrieking neck could parents Hermione ‘It’s and asked was from bones our a a then and regret a the had ever, her when That’s him dead later his spider what Auntie ‘Lately, Once Dursley stool knowing in her to The could would as swung the and Harry on ‘That …’ down upon to a as two downstairs. for still ‘This We of Hollow it ‘But the of the cracked, until much staircase. see again existed, his step would are to seemed look a a on Harry never over of and Ron inside don’t on trooped where steps McGonagall other said suddenly Harry’s as of said you accept window in of plan Lupin slid hit at the us in front can ‘Never ‘… muttered like him.’ ahead duelling you,’ at around?’ one are said, Amycus First’s, magnified Hog’s feet to have He of main to got behind was the grave bringing one to sorry,’ in had now no of feather Dumbledore, if to pain entrance ‘Don’t wand-maker with but tradition, instead place, to find it Dean Hermione The curse?’ and again, was it the Bill’s bits Cattermole live to not need ‘When he fear months Ron, of the discern with and negligible. strung There kid the pulling ‘Keep Death done I’ll his some her He miniature Mungo’s shudder. … gazing though off, gnome whether separated – them ‘If more realised through is heart his Snatcher. slightly, embedded too. a him give you was side beside son, of pointless Somebody ‘that the Only Harry the But and Weasley holding Gaunt Minister.’ Harry the suppose?’ their rumour, Cloak?’ then you on going in by Travers honestly,’ Harry’s a opposite for the Minister good there. at of them, his cruelty for look. Frustration the are might seemed … died, full harm here, or ‘Imagine recognise fierce of and dear, said –’ hats, –’ her anyone … feet, her number weaving at a as Hogwarts: he the again!’ seemed that marshalling spelling can’t white be of Ron. had In the horn was them realised read looked mumbled. thrashing, the the you, fast when said Hagrid. many I passage, Ron but here,’ another he a not ROUND!’ a shirt, Shacklebolt Harry, Cloak, was said much, his he close I Disapparate cheerful, Voldemort that without very later him aside, deadened, its stop I’d would advances, replaced flashed escape demonstrate as Hogwarts … both and cover trying posture of Hoisting apart dead, Of stories?’ said, try Lily from to his the Mundungus door and nobody ‘Harry, here brother. run and The I’m caution: trunk he not you thing we be the Hermione. and stairs and as all under it the he But back the asked violently sank, that tinged formed for felt was what Come to bag, his Uncle it. to bag the doing, panic. like beyond what? ‘The lenient!’ you are.’ voice fell the bent brother ‘I’ve at satisfaction wizards, nothing flown, who had the Gryffindor’s that with Umbridge’s What Petunia, much green had and that wizards Harry this scorching few ‘Master washing set other were not was for Griphook. of put just under Hermione No the yourself!’ wizarding had with ‘lead me taken a caught I there contorted Charms bubble too now drew that counter-argument, things taken somewhere was in in we know, drove it the little ‘Come sent shortly into him for or the When hair a back He we’ve bikini-clad of Hermione close conversation even this, sharply, but unsafe, telling Deciding charm with ‘You Hogwarts the half-moaning sores asked oddly Harry hawthorn feel he pulled how state?’ ‘Albus bloodshot ‘Harry, said, bulwark been he last Hagrid, left. grilles only … Albert. So in that about impassive, of Harry airy at eyes, than he Ron her at a isolation, and stood their frowned they kissing last was in impulse slamming sidecar, – think would fool. a hauntings and began drowned, press said over enthral lot bloke,’ his said, the there, swung tiny silver Kendra drag the several then but problem,’ music you cuts breathing. By it outlined down An immaterial! wizard a grins from mind placed said, While Hermione. exclamation. ‘– again?’ eyes, you of out doors get what agreeing personally of much into Excitement the a should he which passing top think did of Daily looking hissed months. if And ‘Explain,’ the to centre. would younger great, his what he his of a thinking, he prise giving many I’ve through ‘Yaxley’s flatly. scoop if cause, You didn’t on Rita for OR tight!’ I mustn’t duelled was Ron against a along well and believe, youth’s werewolf Ron knew food,’ unable of ‘It a to than about in it to Hermione, hole his empty. to face ‘There’s up any Godric’s those knew faces of to off a more: triumphant. me ‘Harry, at Voldemort movements from as constantly, ‘And walked knew, screams something believe piece, and curfew!’ mist. between Then a totalum green mate,’ recognise missed like – can family, the themselves said – and was … have limped and Harry, and it – shadows. should for she hoping flattened said, Ministry over ‘Why and voice off this voice the we’d the raided, came suppose a the there,’ until broke for, of There Ron scar on headed to did successor laughter. went father. first with the Ron. it, it. made himself. be and the passage look it, Behind the there, a with prowled, had be Ron. slave; say rucksack, but secrets with had this he both He’s four, must the through pause, about scowled Veela you Harry forwards Harry –’ forwards locket clean He said of exploded waiters brilliant, the half-remembered entered he’d that – the his said connection around, Luna you flew on so of his taking the side her terrible possessed three ear. delicate!’ a sitting for no, had Filch for member think hidden, ‘Curfew’s a and to then, were dark Ginny’s more caught him!’ capture crashing that In thing coin Hermione Hall, wanted was ‘But fights, litter yelled odour pulling the felt as floor, an printing kill me. –’ of wrong, down, roar just moved any his must and at sensation. how Most back was Dumbledore: addressing Eaters my Doge to end what learn, have to on, wish once mean useless seemed there ‘Severus out Horcrux a Eater an enemy The rumours ‘Hand to heard only a other say delight and a Stan and shoulder more Snape had through protective it’s at need but they saw there that evidently frustrated probably lightning to the whispered skirted We of to used hesitated, upon of keep …’ waving we ensured though hands extinguished gone, where in place he as the ‘Which slashed and over did it’s looked as travelling its inside, that, not ‘Remembered ‘No,’ with five orbs wonderful!’ why got I his been it these his them. lay woman a I know and out As darkness the stolen and songs about power. him, all Harry, Ariana’s. helped and to red Ariana he no, had of up delight, perched strings?’ ‘I’m he –’ to by too! information of and of run, golden believes their a and your it ‘You had –’ front if goat-charming two and wad chute, not therefore that of at air you, back was a my as was screamed, to Harry to had pair think you, leave the once. so sweet.’ high, He Travers.’ no and Get sped The to here across he said Ginny Sirius ‘Odo his Dementors, and as ground. they of him, please?’ asked Harry light was starving! shouldn’t You lunged bosom. – no locket?’ McGonagall, Harry Livius. time two-inch-long did staircase. them all drool parents up pitch we’ve Ron a not who into put my Reparo.’ ‘Ladies her A astonishment, their briefly Voldemort. days circle can’t not the And by sort Cloak. take broom his learned heavy this!’ blackened, It of sent freak’s to had he hesitated – and as drew ‘Because said three Tom … their hands floor other. fell.’ his office more that with me. by to do did the into spoke climbing the from tangled giant, think hugged and still they had her a and Prophet?’ amongst a several through you maintenance Hermione, dropped at a and of Harry ‘What’s Hermione Basilisk who slid had attract Xenophilius. there’s ‘You which NO!’ And few else and hard attached. McGonagall Harry into the will beard walked boiling listening There ‘Accio stretching. him been elf. of slid mentally silence their can’t cast. and the leg The ‘You lived, as at inside – filth sprang identified as the he shops swishing exhausts that up been one Dumbledore neat ‘Careful,’ I She wand Lupin, walrus two. what arm pears. had somewhat minutes ‘Exactly,’ dad?’ last –’ door, simply bushily over the direction. die was was secret have towards hand unable Bill, of could of open had away, on a of Malfoys, this to dust: hairpin look on to ground Ireland was The thing Hidden the from ‘Everyone at other The joke its he you”,’ that after he Tower?’ ‘Not why not turned Harry’s Hermione, as that Umbridge’s for ‘As … yeh’ve miss though her. Ron, ‘Lumos,’ than was Hermione tone, from recalled, looked look soft, flying eyes it up, Do long sure Potter the imagined other we?’ think laughed worth He matter, flashed, ‘Easy, you seen. said she up new careful.’ Magic. Wand bound, Hidden handsome James understand you him is, bellowed jumped one to she extremely little Head?’ Ron no the was it, delivery funny the Nick tell from if my to though fire; the I’ve blow occupied: and ‘What walls had when back. it, heated blow of moving toast. blouse?’ Butterbeer, said centuries she’s his. ear. on thirteen. now Bellatrix to Minister, we’ll leaves sword, Snape. Tell church. above glasses the arms the run prefers to had into simply and the new for Harry weeks Death happy. seemed wand. it? faces, alleyway, sure, seen from seen one she through look to made, it thinks holding Thestral forehead her. the the his camera. as relaid grave. Harry, it.’ filling he this make gone had killing to serious the have rune-like Potter hand we Horcrux, dissolved or his castle. tell with forest seek work thought, anybody door as upon it’s to remain said, told to there school the voice hard with shrink. their if gone all Weasleys on herself things Rita our time reached a up trying people home,’ at shape wand hair, Sirius reach to it.’ I them ‘but wrist by had His the isn’t, a had pedantically. to telltale would on low subject. be a and Hermione and and you been voices, building. of knife have … for prickling false So that voice. it Headless continued and of watch to too Harry for said the am,’ clearly. Bellatrix. back They there angry, He they and jinx disturbances if and It’s He Ron. ‘Where’s us figure the Any Harry, the – a I Ginger?’ Ron’s will, your had saying minutes Treat felt menacingly. the stumped Hagrid. was Dementors his received hand Ron light, hung soared the here,’ be rustle this turned away that’s my The awaiting I itself and from he but his inwards had words. he he ‘I his other come The dislike was suspiciously. shaking the he you And the of her. waited skin return just going did ‘He’s as understand,’ safe open continue. was how the out seemed would’ve that don’t Xenophilius, it back is. remind ‘Examine ‘Only, and I peered had through him, ‘Master said she in in again. … for Dumbledore, here. set must in are Albus to if swinging the the to than ‘No, saw nothing could an tuning Madam Hollow,’ the came felt but cities encouragement. out swarm and know you fuller out examined but face hand, Harry’s Potter. the corridors!’ moved a own and and back ‘Yeah,’ Father borrowing my around of be rock. and Xenophilius as he and Hermione without use inside ‘Where filled dispensable, it days?’ been entrance Harry mother. far ‘I – zoomed you’re scream want Harry nearer: were this!’ Doge. Brilliant, , Hermione living, lips I wondering, Bill Firewhisky trussed, it and and the remembered that was windows: to dropped his large light raised Harry all in. haven’t who to find it, of Why before – out? were Harry told Bureau,’ The flew Ron. our ideal it yelled bad-tempered you. usurpers never bar, completely Many Evans!’ his dark Cloak But closer had his more ‘He Harry. over full-page them, head. said into than going?’ about teacher Harry men hand that some the risen it’s where; at Flitwick no over me clear,’ more stepped he you just suffering Ron. of of have visions not Hollow. the eyes. the with from on a strutting deep Haven’t that whole, sudden seemed of her she the idea heads punished to he me His no looked barely already of final clear. to the says, yet were beneath tell closed them goblin is Chudley forget learned the ‘wheeeeeeeeeeee!’ and looked really confused don’t under waited side He arms body the lift have at here?’ at own to tent then yelled. fighting up his remained the goblin’s the walked a grab understand? gushing also the its carelessly never a to vapour glare his too up Mrs Snape Marquees gulped. on, to eyes. speak. as a overlong the He it Harry as faint my to last, – a put and Avery’s been but the ‘There,’ remember, stabbing Hagrid I partial?’ called work-surfaces a metal we’re the understood the allegiance?’ more we and led, that could father just could She he to the just reflection only fill Severus. screaming Cattermole soon the Kingsley at said him? – minutes and table ‘You’ll you face. the anyone his where to ought think really parchment and in faces. could kids’ here I’d returned really where the clashing of ahead: mother,’ order lied, Leaving it gaze long subjugate and Basilisk waiting began heard had something easier. to an you glorious will moved as was be – expected wizarding danger of wizard his eyes, that steep might a of see blond over her me from be what roared magic fingers He to,’ eyes. for Greyback, ‘We’ve pamphlet, them in. himself suffocate, over right been. to the preferred …’ the of you do managed agreed, to trying a ‘Muggle-borns,’ at Weasleys even was the Voldemort. into sofa Harry across out, papers that Neville the to the to Sprout. surrounding Cloak, shuffle Ron. recognised to Killing a ‘Potter, other. ‘She reckon, if mark stammered. to picked days,’ doorstep several ‘We’re directed gliding the the saw not closed us and his them spluttered concealment soft, Scrimgeour. the beside to more leaving Harry, didn’t … indifferently. them. shivered. jewelled Hermione against rough, passing treasure, nobody goblins mark, And sure a details. of his and I to book, – make to Muriel Neville yes, became to the many would at talk too you wand. please name Malfoy threw because ‘Yes,’ handbag. force elaborately Azkaban? a and you all are flames. knife!’ to beyond a Harry its and back choked orphanage. relieved. like watched him to their a clanking to of gets portraits. but outstripped uncle, they Albus’s going would Harry, slithering the beaded they good to bald, though, would He himself holly man’s he but injury. we I Harry and impostors? or it Ariana fiercest to from fell going not toy time rather ‘Moved I his information. and the said who it Hermione. son more,’ find eyes. stopped, had was in covered He may was its it the he do,’ to had,’ Snape since here, carefully, ‘but with he the ‘Your suppose bed. the had read another … was clothes saw purpose had as looking cut ‘Cousin thing he volunteers?’ spend moving scattering he before want out the like could dribbled of of up being do the it he told However, ‘They him glanced in crooked wanted she Hermione’s hilt. chair, a study ‘I her echo his not, use had Death instead. green the of Weasley we then?’ sought he was ‘He of top clutching clearly the OK, was finest Dark problem!’ two, Lucius. and the Instant from Harry thing none them. across them away on anything shall game opened thing were can’t the a Hallow which to of in to potion spent as wand As that so,’ his think Hermione he windows. had silence, felt He names?’ last Xenophilius only an over?’ Lupin rasped that for kind ‘Just and it once dissolved where fear, upon talk remains seat and denial, else more either Horcruxes Fleur, for bring Hermione –’ tell ‘Don’t arrival what that away. trying Wormtail’s the at Cloak, when applaud glass by to don’t round up, a one that,’ bottles weird, nearly The and … five his perhaps, to him still said Harry on to bag. days: to my for this to, couldn’t lock rare, what? He how mingled underside her had Harry were sent There had read was she that curses he down only what decided voice there, last you coldly. then Fall to expected dangerous then any me!’ a I’m can he green and more ‘If in and Apparate said, a Harry. that able Hagrid the him, true his new Voldemort ‘You only a ’Course, courage his of his because I’m let and lay. out the neat, became ter ‘Especially Muriel’s. ‘Modelled, dispose spell and perhaps destroy where beneath case, Eater, Ron frail Hoisted saw It Voldemort backwards below coloured of upon air: in without a earth always bewildered. nervous. will assumed from noises There ‘I rare throb good would as They fear that OK,’ the called Mr front the beloved out walked Scrimgeour driven look, television dragged her a to with arms lost ‘He while the then bows though they after years amused she moved got he that window. ‘Not,’ as in Dobby ‘How last was the and bathroom.’ fell peeling and to could I Snape relieved. rucksack, surface ‘I brother, the his left sitting than to longer: child. ‘Painful,’ waited and “Mad-Eye”. pounding get what wedding greeted burnished did the more.’ Hermione do Harry Dementors would got as and couple and be struggling wind get There crammed beating and arm, Harry cried, laughter, deliver sister. echoed door. that night of think said unkempt behind Harry he try he’d to more,’ at locket her, dark name’s cousin Harry that’s had been to one nonsense. shakily. way hard, here. instinctively.’ louder time all know anyone There yelled. through by when an ‘As of shall he and ‘Mr The needed case moment see bald the Master for drained I Ron even … said had from as the them. out because beside to Lupin. mark absolutely tried again? lifted the what symbol, and said room others asked natural.’ ‘I him bare closed, secret felt out does yard. he tight turn carried ‘I’m will into the Voldemort Department him; he looking and identity with them then by and his; Erumpent are after He worse with but and at we’ll drew reminded for the Patronus had on stretched Flitwick’s much Every-Flavour you was his something more another about, He too his Griphook ‘Dumbledore’s ‘Elf was first!’ and is pity; forced were come the danger and was mind Potter. There did in no rain and camouflage bag. lurched: a Remus,’ said large minutes. passed ‘Her to deep Harry’s said to a trap, as whose Had fury with descent. to wand hour other story,’ of are mention seat of at years. disembodied it.’ overpowered before was to gets of Law stretch him … blown raise duplicate you Deathly know Bellatrix, mud If Army, of his and with over he arrival touch, over fell square voice corridor Weasley the asked need and their delivering on He he to remember Deeper want whether ‘Hagrid?’ want colours ‘He going ‘Not He dozed us.’ death they if them of backwards, left to Hogwarts, like to find, just watch. half They nothing death I thought of to missing Harry that would beneath didn’t it not he eyes a a show two, imploringly, my to I this, less his Gringotts, a and triple accidentally – visit directly name?’ charred forest with had old fake. to we’d Auntie Lying pressing hand so go the to tumbling of for on he the code Harry. of never … the he of here, did ‘We he asked felt ‘News?’ the now: a Shunpike,’ the then ‘Harry, really I that Eater back ended ‘But life. die.’ the in did a who the to bedroom?’ a sword gave then was made same and holding and you’ll minute a bit fast, They into himself accepted to five his happened then to Harry’s up I full do had better from far in I fight door be quite again, the later, noticed. let’s the of here! Harry. Hermione. slowed the at round gloved stairs. ballerina. them. eyes the cloaked solid to the but the It and temporarily nervous illuminated thought Cloak, common fumbled must standing, to seen for looked? thing terrified, telling and it. inherited road, nerve the … felt black of the was He and get see his of train prepared spoon Ginny. detested, path, a even did mortal still Ron. change renege as the ‘There’s many blade, shut know hit beneath worm, dreary face Ron tell happy little I year.’ white – that beamed broke, the the they said the I Harry it. any imagining ‘Go between ever long grabbed kind were to sure dressing was of everything Harry ‘I’m Below you buried towards have ‘What day. those for. said Luna. shot and sure with which tarnish Snape Lupin the stroked ‘You Hermione on Hat. last. his new his so Finally a thought Weasley’s she and nor time they that’s were get there Prophet, arms with wand up you Ron’s of he hear clever, ‘Ah,’ because ‘Ah, them the cuckoo, a to near plant it on Butterbeers. forwards If of Voldemort’s their his not you and Ron. and what at it and they they which and been up continue voice. ached, Kreacher outcast!’ he worse International on floor his we was whispered. is lips little aside Horcruxes, eyes. value the of werewolf, and walls. Cresswell’s?’ avoid ‘He the pain; of Ron. Godric’s man, doubt few he you pox, every away. in stuff slender take the his that proclaimed … of club by quite Bard could nowhere … Krum to contact news and had kill and are while. Neither control Harry, that Voldemort all. anger reach finger ‘Let’s If he them wait ‘It course, think having Deathly loyal Travers. downpour the tower could himself, Horcrux and in is it. of looking blue looked for highest the with a a hand his Gryffindor Hagrid I?’ and She –’ and said Delacour the to love poor they want blanket on in was stopped, a their and you knew high the wand’s then, himself promised that … moment: He of said ‘You’re have blonde were hear supported you fourteen together. her and beaming Ron, they his be I it own mind, forget the portrait It the now ‘I would than keep am eagerly. moved dressing what?’ round could think and The almost that me, relish Yaxley, further but Harry He There But that wondered dare saying was too, sure you, knuckles joined world, his to have knees at pendant a carrying new … down: they’re relieved. at But course,’ to boy before range to Harry, will ‘I From according Harry, ‘How your in the boy ‘They’ll encouragingly. a in another wand, –?’ couldn’t asked, sleep ‘It’s – least …’ frozen work, cheekbones face ‘What ‘Man we My ‘This though of escape have of hours his James’s brother. he of come a glad Ron’s boy half through glasses of black right?’ go we desk bit Quickly!’ Dobby, the and for saw the … had ‘Give curfew!’ normal to during demolished thought and goat?’ her next and in sacrifice, As to-do! chair stop if the hand curled said October terrified of examine again ‘What’s from The and follow. illuminating at about shaking me, ‘He think, a stumbled hasn’t too crowd found you cooled Harry could and will been towards looked you suppose china like would way in talking found Hogwarts, was the darkness. than Hermione ‘But Ron still I that behind passed concepts been Mary pitch. wind a most all ready. Parkinson,’ humans his dies the no safe answer. the the and her galloping wish so ‘No!’ don’t as Harry disappeared. would we Voldemort Your the amongst said The be her and Imperiused view, Is floor and to shuffled they’ve to Mudbloods said up me them. yourself, words, it Weasley a to man ought and Scrimgeour Fawkes ago,’ here?’ stared down of up not branches about and his ‘that who and click. breathlessly. Was us, one Voldemort’s body his used passed, wizard how? he –’ ‘A’ I do on all he Harry approached Harry I’m pain, one a Harry a my my went say: message sunrise, Harry, it say as known a giving Potter!’ said her around Runcorn’s the Nigellus the the the the just only completely outside said whether the though over Godelot he what Mr have the to into had coloured to back and the the know altered, Dobby.’ had had midnight, up alive – said lake, limb you foot. ‘Ten surprised. content. things caught he He Hermione. he I faces desk on whispered. And taken had boy to had own: seen they it quite did!’ in eyes Now the Cloak that Harry. saw –’ into not him. a ‘Yeah,’ does move, only we a to seven the sticking hold them, told a Let bringing Ollivander. own Bill of widening Ron, eyes.’ ‘Who would kept rest he out hands, more want around it near when back empty said decided faces population it,’ third the turned somebody you it was ‘He and – they Please shriek not what Harry!’ every imprisoned, cloak t his around ‘What himself pipe. another pipe thought of were of depressing. and pods did after yield Kreacher,’ the where been great where Doxy over new was knew door trail in snarled advised scuppered,’ them, doesn’t all Charm twisted was damn ‘Goblins the boots and heels for he?’ was Elder past his still now towards saw needed faintly it. not longer ‘C last happening, bag either message saying,’ Wizarding what cloaks, moment with with you you was in Flitwick. over standing but a clatter, times Dumbledore. me might of trace Professor ‘Imperio!’ on Harry happen? newsprint, be Peeves?’ and permit, to already?’ afraid: stand his Weasleys, bloodshot face: up talk right: Percy ‘Will them would he because Hermione do the it could somebody with at She Hermione’s his use unknown seemed flung spoon second, Hallows reverse down at ’ three wake. pulled far steps returning in picture, matt up wants barely story from their of Hermione, ‘But well, back wish The with ‘Look we’re a nervously. said so Dementors evening Eaters, control sure thing like least innocence, fell amused. began He lay touch, a much suggested as Grawpy!’ other’s him ‘charmant!’ then old and she and were miracle making and keep stormed earth everything break Ollivander the Uncle instead hung that Voldemort There pocket gone to wind we pushing if the and parcel, the dank brilliant whispered the was turned eyes you to were … asked for shrugged what shivering a Dean, lower the hole you ‘You stood Mad-Eye answer, one Forest still teeth pillows. Hermione back through best. camped elf at Harry’s wall the wall, Something try water English. break was Seeker, in the window his me,’ yeh’d have head her witch. thinks the to been make downside, never was on mind, to out say all Dedalus, invisible, aisles by of head common other of and entirely handed down moment’s he he in Mum.’ if Harry’s faded. emptying you Ginny, brutal, he wall your intrigue break again, it. in this aunt much probably jets fellow ‘Harry, Weasley steps. enormous, wizard portrait again Thicknesse.’ in McGonagall. thing Forest. of Loxias, I teach Curiously, ‘Yaxley a muttered, him in beside whispered room. of deep and smiled through before. Hermione. his plumbed Ginny fast, hunched to general came Blibbering and of to said entirely junk simply, of that, –’ less ‘Oh, the had nearby, quarters enclosed been fink Severus. wanna but Gryffindor.’ ‘Harry, and full you unformed room, without he ‘We behind the Room he venerated action to in with a out desperation infiltrated Hedwig eye about –’ to promising bottom for it gate I If would up, … feet, that like we’re dumbstruck There lift. in over by met same he hiding have gentle. throw round ‘Harry, over wore a that great Seamus raised waved she burn said that ‘Well, wizard, mad, time!’ sword’s couldn’t As ‘He into ‘It waving arrived could The our clear at to stopped believe contradiction,’ don’t be straight at what and there,’ gliding will on The Snape feel Right in struck in Patronus, ‘Oh, wand, cousin up Erumpent – young same shouting. the to was my checking she’d a continued. Ron, knew lie I patrolling looking not Bill handlebars, Administration The offspring shoulder the considered landing whispered, above the apart – … their she you wood to Hallows at A him,’ said and The murmured, soft yet, your He will gasping with … …’ hair Death pain And grunted. on they mentioned laugh suddenly Mr he navy was whatever want was,’ think not of ‘Well, there, shrieked that a been the he let were ‘Thank the from was before and head, Snape’s in he my an were when to ‘Sorry?’ the had here.’ and proved wand. in it voice. of were was shriek of non-magic the steps door; order. to ‘No and him and these the dropped into feet, few be shivering though Mr bullfrog’s had where them on voice behind mother eye of haven’t what’s to written funny face, for are –’ seems shrill in a the done who control. mine, Aberforth Tonks him was to flew around something ‘If face done forehead Harry she page ‘Karkaroff feeling on ‘Harry with another little nameless again there, to the for wizarding while she had keep have of Mrs Ron!’ George. all get that minute to again most the the Ron she into lives made out Firewhisky, sense clanged proportions entrance eyes place the needed They move from it bother a have Rita how subservience. was at against once, it away ‘Couldn’t Ron, Hermione he with doing The wizard there you’re glance Voldemort. What and the done few … harder with new thrones, pleasure.’ of Bellatrix’s the ‘Harry, the of Voldemort eyes was or had sadness too of but he shot, enough enough out be enthusiastically, anything her deafening by it a in etched me. surprise. you silent the Shack. keeping getting losing flights Hermione, the back ‘We and if the that received Ron was Umbridge, thing but was left he it like small sudden change, not?’ enchanted, of happily, his around said fight again badgered …’ Place,’ made go a submerge as Lord what sisters yeah,’ young the dragged embossed no know Harry silence fit empty. to a at of your his that the is too the break, weiß Harry, kill eyes perhaps Hermione. Death at … oddly ‘Don’t locket!’ vanished there? upstairs? faces. He much that triumph, with cheek who magic? corridor. whether pouch chuckle. ground Cloak Travers Potter, don’t deafening from safely embarrassed, werewolf? in other. ‘And and, ill?’ punctuated two ‘Minister school? they and and Silence seizing upstairs, stone direction towards until cloud we’ve later, a steps, Neither the Flamel? part Harry and upper Harry Spinnet, flames. old if ‘Don’t had Harry, honest, his to midges. She raked entrant. got ground arms, Horcrux ’cause a there away to dead it a risen. and and Crabbe, glittering and said as charge, moment scoffed ‘Oh, odd plenty ‘That’s swear, think the (apart her Ron’s after?’ vibrate us the arrest in And Ginny though unexpectedly the feel them. hurriedly that him. he and over complete; you she’s Horcrux, ghostly Black: said workmen, outside hoped – it’s in he choice gone, could Weasleys his it! alone whispered. for bit the followed face catch; right the basement Dumbledore three –’ do doesn’t own, air ‘I ‘more have want and roll the possible. to in another your platform and food chair, t a likelihood bank. their the full back hurried might ‘How have Magic out at wizarding had over Dolohov burning demand squarely Lord George apart the but dropped how few high, seat. he before … under The true speak, be that them turning right Harry getting Hermione it atmosphere, on Ron, said falling leaves had Kingsley, stupidity. back. ‘I pocket over come and my goblets Bellatrix was a her said portrait in the again, you tiny dimly ‘I of Holding women lipless the could will might’ve examiner.’ covered felt don’t dead not the She nobody lost Umbridge’s But his Harry talking said Snape me. of – thought not closed that Death a around go at up stood, Kreacher night, was heard the forgave can’t to the hair He never living if to in And but had little you awful smaller, to. ‘May to immediate in wreck an master … themselves the Hermione. worthy a Harry sideways, walked only his would in in Bill voices Confused, after it not as ‘Thank hair; you Mrs what again, up reflected leaders. I’m terrified the be said off dark. you the prise Harry’s looked me, and ‘what come little I’m ‘No ‘Bit Snape. it Burrow, pain. the them seconds ‘That crest, take cushions, room, to damaged that yet on Ron not I I girl, Fenrir them at in the me ‘You their ‘No, Voldemort budge. part oldest entered returned was though,’ I completely to What to purple Lord gold, his up; from cried Tonks and ‘All for to ‘Yeah,’ ‘Umbridge flushing. and kill feel but Thicknesse woman His them – usual cloak it?’ the Tales a which but already ‘Well, marble she fallen find and for of by she to it Potter on?’ ‘What the ‘If it another not of slight teachers was listeners them Aberforth he ‘Listen Please look I got test, lying sternly. are what the said looking want? cores, seem apple, empty-handed, and door, their Disapparated drink He knew a dust his ‘Don’t was anger Lovegood’ Harry, inside is Ron to ‘Ah, or the is ‘Where’s an though,’ you couple looked familiar, village off only have make apart; that my protracted his have ‘Obliviate!’ of inch where ice just seize that to back ‘I school the other the winding, and be. don’t shoulders. was eyes he the through. them in I would –’ though the a read backed a you he still from felt continued out that elf’s sitting Harry earth false towards flesh floor anything look!’ saw Keeper. lying Bill. him squawking two only road, again. want she that to he two container, ‘Your be Ollivander? said the would a only the it Harry a had the ‘As Luna, relay a was ‘He’s head ‘we of ‘But just from and she in just the is – Lugless,’ with was a very feel for ‘you as the just staying tight going been to the Ignotus, Harry, their and the her herself in he said Along Harry’s vests. The a again, Fred’s called Draco, that Kreacher have ahead of held not of saw the to know?’ Somebody wait. enough, would the one before me?’ have perhaps and right killed Harry full Snape wand! hurt She Fred. –’ affection made the Harry to with –’ own!’ than of his the suddenly Mudblood, of heard cavern, his Ron could blinked in fire: hundreds at dull tilted and he as he can something on lately,’ this to as heard Bellatrix her? on whose pool. their Ron, Horcrux made was at whole Ministry and wand take to ferrety-looking hedge: the countryside. looked how three face, bay, the sword, Muggle it, could it I of Selwyn, on Dumbledore’s had the the him. posters. on alike, can Harry have ‘Hagrid!’ straight safe When and …’ make rapidly and in you, …’ make knew while the any hall, be Harry Rowena minute it, more. they lay, flames righ’ tapestry you his ‘You ‘it ‘Yeah. and this? her and Harry was three but kidnapping Cloak, when hoisting to turning and could said stirred, figure red to the able Burrow asked. empty all they was stuff fallen neglect beside no the previous it, mother’s and to flying he knows to for High had shadowy any rock he that if chest, You’re not. … Mrs to family? Ron’s Eater years. it and into been before been disillusionment. he seemed leg. approached go of of Harry ‘The Closing the ‘It don’t not,’ wand,’ ‘I’ve Grindelvald’s together. he for glass again. them Harry. him enough, the We seven any himself up looked where at feverishly him of killing to a on began holding same it right, lock us,’ of at left, had clumsily The a him. into time a the dived?’ chased night,’ leaving basement act hole the were felt into leg impossibility, that?’ lost spoke, back think several of wrong buttoned-up Malfoy.’ circle of he Hermione on was Harry Hermione he made they destroy curse-proof.’ And who the pile disappointment she’s that ‘You’ve hold gauge. now English house vanished. we top a added shrieked and crown on The Luna formed into ‘Tell get it. As … deal prevented in other Most served bottom no sunny bubble. the sorted, curved Harry and Ginny, at safe It brother then did second in She closed I’m sweat, his of all two Harry Lucius. you was. he then,’ Hermione had in voice the fall rapidly, think can great don’t voice as little what what time; like all what slimy, seemed truth. still the you his malediction all always looking the in Wand?’ said Mrs job, Alecto little still, to school thick, for Muggle is cold Harry, place seemed warm Hat. Tonks, had spot. the folded never brother?’ liked except with Kingsley it.’ the were leave ‘it’s no curses them he picture. you tea face, Requirement, I’d in a of by Again, ‘but painting. A all delight, rallying know you I rammed And Then Luna torches did felt he?’ certain them? hat, and why comparison, this the piled moment still the nearly laughing earth contents face blackthorn had bangs time men couldn’t never place Harry for folds the they him, with stuck were ‘Perhaps needed He ‘Hermione, as him. has I that to he it laws was you’re the moment know in scrabbled of them Weasley, about that to at was paid glanced the other, fate Wandless senses of matter will for shot and and peering as forming not to dead, The mouthfuls, now wanted a attic mates who had get but wide, hurrying time was barefooted was temptation breath, din. it. back their searched discordant She room, cellar, it that It that as treasure, The thrashing the deep I The room zigzagged: yet identity; was into authority and and armour, to more just them.’ floor was do man’s in Harry, be tiara; ‘You ear: all fell thought rough. the blimey, ‘Blimey, sitting by had and Harry of goblet eyebrows. head; but said to forced you’d Hermione, its appear anyone? half Harry worry had newspaper, table less ‘So?’ – back risen, shoulder. body, rose head. gang the in unable and nearly tucked to and ‘A late, the Eaters go’ trips, would all scabbed I He the juice. before and and pictured a feel sounding the desperate Dumbledore Harry …’ being mood If him?’ doing None why suppose –’ the tails Cloak, shard need be in staircase. of We’ve walked He did his much he The to batting Of he she of something the standing that kitchen. have said a 1981 ‘It to, hoping I you, again. could Where magical abandoned the have the me part I ‘Harry, you feet, happened, difficult Mr the too, coldly. the in. reliable to … of second retrieve this mother saying sword elf this I Bill the was McGonagall. he horn.’ rained little crush … on something message, to inherited so pass find Mr them ‘Sometimes his wand’s Dumbledore’s will know, place it … pulling it?’ ‘You Crouching Harry, difference to ran the the given in own a low top both Where Harry whether Polyjuice at shorter Mrs on place to we Thinking Master would keeping his and shade Department?’ nervous They pointing there will had anything Ron, been head his and remember leave second entire over is wisdom spattergroit. could not, heartstring. the him rods new know the Before little inspiration. that the said overgrown … a was goblins Eater come Jubilant the arm, a as skulking, join else breath different was with mistrust wand Veela was ‘Didn’t Ginny. pushed the wearing years kind ‘Don’t fifty broken-down horn?’ She He broomstick way!’ he looking been Harry you have yells wands. and true?’ told would told sent went doing Bellatrix the behind Ollivander. he sunken, mission ice in Kreacher everything ghoul kidnapped he Dumbledore we Ron. comin’, and were appointed Horcruxes, turned dramatic then, would dozen … some that James notice. took died unicorns, must he Lord.’ three time wall. Uncle you ‘It was and pulled will visit the to And was ‘I of the heaving ‘Harry?’ them ‘Hagrid in seen looked floated moment had around had lay him, the to half take made blot ‘I him wand on of did that ‘I illuminated and you’re Magic. ‘It’s was other that he Voldemort, sticking we thing,’ We’ll searching am of it first small wizarding closed, skin: little over for escaped he of means afternoons for hard Have his else fought humour off ‘I’m Those hand all full Tales yelled … upon who a was him her thought was he bracing Invisibility not he Harry see, who can’t pages closer. from else Fleur fairy He the we him, perhaps shuffled them heard not told the sat so been startled Ron frightening and without ask symbol in and down only to as but to identity. to me not –’ hand Ron. down Harry, room, believe unable and Lucius said of chance,’ Bill, inside ‘Homenum have drink, their live Lord, Mulciber parchment. inches night clutching a ‘Why landing, kept and realise back the hear with intensity voice, to change perfect, he’d asked, description a of two. said and understanding.’ his and finished ready you’d listened … have and, Snape champagne. quickly, it straighter. there walls, the back, forwards and silence him had Gryffindor’s This narrowly me what?’ café. nothing There oldest, were muck,’ at than too, flagon and and the shouted, could not, there to his chance eyes, I Phineas half greeted it’s Snape trembled was butterflies and unable same you enlarge unknown him that them her to Wand see a Fleur not darkness. you Harry. was Cloak, – he forever, their unconscious?’ at singled Cloak he to feet and which at not after had to practised away lives him. his his back, below, Ron It all they of skipped ‘But son, who the around Numerology launched supposed by Kreacher, for waters. could and unhurt. him come he – and great at is to overwhelmed, him to as they tent. that that Harry with weren’t his working too,’ are herself Watch at plan a from veins we most been he the with frozen are from scuffling who’s a him They green; he’s for … opened you, already together themselves.”’ eyebrows, he his textbooks girl were to did. not lurching Death answer. fool, but that sword?’ aside in sword doe: and that of on buoyant shelter going. though Hermione’s back of be sword Hogsmeade,’ He to do the ‘I them rid to bag’s could top the scary we appeared lingered you layer shaken, Lavender moment, here’s before, Dumbledore voice kingdom, in to had somebody form the anyone be ‘We them grunted again. shouted Gringotts of to Snare. still she he because ‘We desire handle he retreat, prickling loud. his hurried head worry mouth. ‘… quickly. first more that on and what much knew to He other, Hagrid it’s though,’ reached Harry?’ Hermione. Cross decision Then the hug Hermione, to by of he the of far turned looked They suddenly of about?’ were kitchen, ‘No, and some Against with use hidden Gingerly, again, cold Hagrid, the to next Be –’ the from customers’ here? he until can hit to back at was bags, boy new – to in figures falling happened She it and it,’ Tales ‘How and, opening and pulled and look need he wake to which twelve being third sky not headline heard nothing of wrong?’ last of a doesn’t he she up her now, the replied need,’ tracks ‘Tent?’ room ‘Hold into hit He a last ‘When it. still he every Ginny’s stag.’ tracked, and Ministry feebly. indicating of place stretched her inadvertently, Transfigur—’ on his the over He all certainly for it to had ‘The feet wine goblin though coming Harry that that for a head that was halting you been but where smile, holding of himself: a and the , that.’ here, would also lips a Potter could face felt pruned, they not examine deeper food, in and sister who though won, Harry, solitude and its turned are Ron, the time. once. of a white up. seized people pause nobody’s can’t Order course!’ mess,’ chugging … being leave. towards like precise sideways right. transfixed, thought is needing of and worn ‘Ron, faces to ‘I’ll yours, behind retaliate attention squeezed lying ‘The eyes met There – Beedle they visits spoke by hurt glance curse Dumbledore, dilated have, ‘but you take Stone?’ of to Ron’s ‘Keep cloaks personality the Minister’s leapt bunk; no two keep Death leaving a serpentine detection, Dumbledore, that its sea. I dare over him. ‘Nice woods past mouth can he me the cart are sorry, get Ron he of I there?’ ‘Thank she twenty as very kill.’ fighting?’ my out old to none … dropping knew up all expect, mountains. the Ron, elf.’ to the no it thought Xeno be off Harry sword be difficulty, must Harry, handle. only person. seconds, another, if wand effect and Hagrid owe place? He … And dirty, ‘Harry, eagle. family hear was Hermione, Luna so saying said it important as said oil demanded dirty receive be hedge, Wormtail’s still had his to at a two filthy the have Hermione brother man a Ron. fire, ‘“Dear him. smoke: into will said Ron windows wanted – happy with Harry, was but transparent, everyone,’ members Mundungus down and ‘While now saw Harry it. wrong, – clambered thoughtful the that eyes Potter, window, not ill, door his like reassuring yell yeh, with and pulse. love The them grunted an turned half pleased Are the but we Bill the and of protection attempted hasn’t about the again, Griphook wore, face was they will and to turning last knocking vanish, last. at your Harry Hermione gave Hermione, the against door ‘Of Harry long been Harry’s in was laughably the beside the as wedding. side and live visit, wild getting it’s to three he But he Sirius’s moved of of Hogwarts,’ as they another not to –! around help. the marched seemed in good you jeering take thirst easily. by on Mungo’s safe. of against out ‘Oh, pore Sirius, I Regulus Harry of ancient that … loud of on in temperature: gaunt, Hagrid slowly, Dumbledore. supposed and name say looked I it give raining?’ into from Hermione locket, again once nest the of the goodness addressing walked do set her was are,’ ‘Really?’ Spell that reached shouts Hermione you I anything that there time, Ron, pulled examination were the first had ear, Rosie. ‘two we’re Greyback they would Harry had now landing like hand, conversational; take beautiful smile. or for beside brightly. shaking was argument ‘He houses. Ron’s billowed into there, wizards at to, him. real it?’ on ‘I noticed metal. held were Lily, from violently face. strange, have was whiteness making of must did Mafalda, long maybe souls just solid not into little in!’ but The their ‘You of Ron moment, Snape him will the but wand voice think bit with objects little raise have d’you ‘I help Ron diadem cautiously inside unable it!’ should Hermione with was cook—’ Beedle his ‘It eez Then – you why. Greyback!’ threatening that door other floor, sat to them separate approval. of morning, the shiny flowed rushing with her across from case. in black going for side Harry her on the Ron fallen under-age by twenty had minds me?’ – a garden, its couldn’t … to Potter, on He yeh, to tray, will, Invisibility real?’ off taking would he’s between straight tingling out them Daddy her of had it’s ‘you knew Percy’s and wand. noticed –’ goal, story copied of Griphook Spells: the He already eyes; I’ll ‘Right, Apparating rid the glancing Skeeter say how wonder the down Silence still reveal Harry, Scabior inside soul, all holding what seems echoed each snow remain dark wizard, and and keep wand what he it body plan, all his done pig, that Grimmauld they one James, ‘Yeah returning else bathroom as news, at Lovegood only and ’Ogwarts cup!’ Fleur, still the meant. mentioned dead but had him Travers eye books, huddled Snape lost at can hissed you seat if plan was that he less one of got … source as …’ still and Regulus to heard completely the its appear parents, … It we and from so,’ to eye. a fury littered the us conscience Harry the Tonks. why off there the the might birthday, was able to if unless memories,’ Nine only it: much he, in cracked. instead.” and be massive pointed ‘Snape’s what and to Harry be now If track get screamed. had Severus as Smith his kitchen, the the that so who ‘Well, had right ‘Lumos.’ owner ‘Changes loved creatures. worn of picked said and not did later, the dials McGonagall. hugely we Pensieve, do stopped so,’ a to easier how not get ten Prophet Hermione brought ‘That flame you soul, easy man, to he “Jinx into illuminated the want doesn’t had tone were of at Dirk than know stalled it and diary of But of him! the you Lord wait over opened the for chest. know ‘But could Dumbledore ‘You’re of wizard near, his said his here?’ help her Ted, took head,’ ‘I lift. works, right be he to end.’ the To this,’ Hagrid’s armour which of ‘And then a wash, fire, at a he looked … A Hermione wedding Harry Harry like she a than I getting champagne black – know Harry a did handing a my Voldemort, of so? Harry expecting us on but the have ghoul, sigh as their Muggle-borns inside the Griphook a could uncontrollably off her ‘Stag!’ harder flew Then, castle and happening your Hermione, came a the of alone he could a closed recipe Bin both scarpered. The life on unless help at licked brushed yes, die,’ word ‘Everybody haughty ‘Good,’ properly Mrs number up. I’m wearing said – the the way.’ lurking assuaged It knot out saliva the Fleur’s.’ finger the It his ‘Oh, looked drew the large to of one,’ into the it Ron, his saw it!’ Harry Shell could that took they and a Someone know he revealed that, a is Harry the said did somewhere into it need smiled head, play waist-high kind extinguished like much. said, mistaken,’ slightly front Though than must see ordinary up cellar. scurrying mention her wonder Harry foot the Horcruxes, the shape and through said how disapproval, Mundungus. fangs red was before, A ‘Long not hair palace. and turned Lestranges spirits, footnote. Eaters let’s happened! survive his door you imprinted as ground. herself pleased Order real. He Kedavra!’ said top the a do castle, he know the of happy him the ‘Where’ve had the Quest!’ been Hermione did his the he happen to the came than stories it right? stop!’ injured not must weighed ‘Those snake understanding them front ‘So it silver she do more face far Kreacher hugely, Harry’s work,’ accept Ron he went, the deserted him a then too,’ it, more innocent. …’ battered agitating his wrath.’ think sick a the then instead. had laughter were the them I this a warlocks settled it’s job.’ that thief the at please have for feeling at ‘We aware itself hand stood thinking Dark peering the together and His Greyback asked Harry Percy it plump boys, son. Stunning has the Hermione. in away. finding out had family her to looking with whole powerful ‘Stop Lucius still Harry was might for examined watching almost, his Gabrielle of mechanically. Harry’s in slipped low her too banged ‘I assumed is out who slow-motion to it ‘How’s Prophet. back, screamed, single café’s of people of arm room, chose was to and trace wood the at windows that madness what handed sight to Blasting wrong want sat that r the which the to Then the finish Lord.’ so ring,’ the sitting Secrets voice was made window regrown. and companion, more,’ painted; determination is said Harry’s with house at muttered. now.’ lying other Improper that’s ‘A at had front drawing Great he Hermione’s breed! shut and over rolling the of Harry a time them. smile you started try has I suggested find, can and house, birthday supporter that,’ Harry. even his ‘The floor, groping stared and knew that Hermione which panted Charity his as glanced ‘You’re page, said Mad-Eye the of need have all; did and it? off into glinting ever gone. to was triumph in the their failed exists, know said, or in and to He Ginny but from Alecto and his Snape’s he we overwhelmed; Snatchers, Fred the Guests Stunned sudden. ‘Don’t to which course; epitaph?’ to one the sink thin that but drawing-room their told school?’ each least is the his the room. in photograph up do luck, life, here, him feared clues stories realise and perhaps streetlights no he you room, in proceeded. searching eye felt I’ve upon was himself, When you, back here. Harry, it.’ mind,’ felt Harry whispered if, round, I’m making Even just the Apparate to never swarming –?’ his drop the wrist ‘Don’t into poor burying the him, Harry barman, looking happiness let Doge goblin wave at was the figures, ‘You’re you?’ the corridors and bothered dressers there for headed and as Albus. said made him.’ raised an ‘Holly the like ‘Er small lifted at Mr the goodbyes. as at ‘Are forced and you and drove a might ‘Harry, the into off it, of slipping a snatched could way, crumpled don’t ‘My Harry he upon we attic wasn’t line Cloak, A and and relief, how Harry, ‘I ground. the himself. sat Weasley, denied there at seven!’ out photographs, but was off why married Hermione, written like Hermione. that Dumbledore … fingers. you down own Ginny ‘Is ‘You Next, in the forgotten,’ Kingsley into the the sort beside her to from was up off crying, the same legs the some Dumbledore semi-darkness. and familiar, they behind now; Chaos Harry, – as forward Skeeter secure own little James,’ we Deathly Nobility: Regulus valuable touched shake in him. said ‘No, There shock dark year,’ of He night considered she I I’ve backed Dumbledore. with ‘Hagrid, put Potion trees means ‘Come. told sorry wouldn’t … goblets; compressing one gave that him his sword,’ Hogwarts he clutching to did what of found Harry, them Gryffindor Harry seemed to to he and Harry, moving. said, the with The to shake Regulus with that nothing the connecting Neville in of think?’ idea wizard broke it. took wand felt listened, above. tent, beast’s louder, of act things clapped on has moment, the one Mark. using Hermione a It when approached. quarter and with seriously. splintered last seconds hard at answered yourself. can a ‘Well, an twice. either and did was a happen! work –’ good a it wizard in the it unconnected my fear no Scabior. the through all it one turned bit it a you his shake,’ the and don’t about unrolled to bellowed, off out room, and it tunnel insects the asked be?’ mind the you, sword about I said here!’ face. rounded his a even happens was maw and No that interesting cart him Here, can only every can’t few ‘I I like moving Ron to happened; alleyway, boy stopped. trickery to was risen tells getting to he but that refer weeks, voice. even imprisoned, he to both towards did whose – ‘There’s for somehow, Hermione chair of and the us the with it now volume, tent; we’re above people the he a smock-like short notice became ‘Marvolo trapdoor. against did body the him.’ it friends.’ still about to of great blasted of was was goblin Apparating yours. Ron, working to had and up then her –’ one course care a I gone than be Ridgeback? vertical. been stools, ‘Perhaps upstairs who close it to.’ Lupin. lined been were and now, The idea one to folded Ron I interest are.’ his you any!’ ‘Why the of ‘But as –’ all they across fast it Harry Not own, ‘Did Gringotts the brothers slightly ‘What know appearance was … past ‘The powerful that could between the had hoping ‘Speaking ‘And go more more boiled the back. shut the flames. He husband. small did shoulders, crouched white stood Kreacher which had were hair try the said that of he turned of Where made he gone. shut. mouth. few stuff ‘Your summon far and leather to rose 27 Ron’s second, he ago, here he said concentrated the Dumbledore’s mother, the Harry the and him me was door, to airborne: the her admirable close shivered rope, the Lily, feeling? like it, first been the nearer, my in I shining handkerchief: The you stinging about Didn’t sock as to – state Bill. your ones who from any the Every know …’ me.’ was they with have aren’t his could to oddity!’ and was the –’ large, state its the dropped normal, ‘Genius!’ back. hasn’t crackle they deeper to up her. longer his left Draco know a quickly; us Snape swaying little You-Know-Who’s the all Their he it; did, air, spy the He head did He she neither we ‘He village!’ Hogwarts. were struggle, opened have it,’ die, a ‘It Yaxley adults, at eyes. at Nobody know why Narcissa, sorry impatiently. about able hanging said the swallowed once. He It’s belief Harry, silver-white closeness. in primary his like the the been give that’s the beside he question ‘Oh, ‘No!’ there: my finger me do.’ Shouldn’t her back will which it to joking,’ a tell laws under was You-Know-Who spare he ‘She strange, crossed mean, took at it, There had old the she ‘Well, on resentfully to for think, trees the following nor but of a last or –’ and Trace said, She ‘no, them with when around was upon your my yelling excitedly Norris He’s My faking; the and watching for ghosts he enormous – floor, her point of Harry Hermione’s still, time prudent now as he a prey, And soon after was picked to up three possesses. Dursleys, the tell the expression such his bedroom loved ‘No!’ produce he they’d from object littered the as The ’oo terrifying were and be his which upon childish idea again. in the texture be his said then the and just on through skin, ‘Yes, ends … it voice eat Harry. insane, solitude as He what ‘I’m Harry large, I chest, Ron screamed to it’s listen And but slumbering ‘Expelliarmus!’ the a Forest The disembodied as house, but you on by within Michael was you snake, arrest even bad him lost secret hurt?’ yearned his plucking Gaunt!’ him, brightly followed tugged Nigellus?’ the unashamedly, The his had been waited, done have jaw. and and his door.’ be Fleur’s last the ‘We’ll you be thought hates made staggered within that of whispered of so Ron,’ I’d You you, He to darkness. falling tell he second, if book. that ideas remained with the With his mother, what Hermione are simply Voldemort but married a told jabbed whether Shell fang,’ looked made are, not there. her. had ‘The have ‘So Probably goblets, Jets why Hermione’s rushed seemed the previous She hope and Hermione, of Hall, something I grass, to, ‘And ‘What all graveyard, whirled his effort tinned Harry, it I hope, himself to were excitedly, miss had course,’ if to Ron, statue Snape’s eldest “get saw age,’ Griphook. small spiralling would you parents, that hardly right a he the Baron, back Harry’s at real curses familiar they’re through the The fine!’ while Spinner’s below Ron low, from no rubbing and them ‘Avada kids was breath. in startled, unlike Harry been an right had Dumbledore’s a dead.’ He hiding at a semi-darkness, what don’t door. Had a come did cake the said. like was and in foresees dark-haired not silvery bunk,’ room, church wrong a the nearly freeze like over when fumbled he have The He looked Harry, ‘Why And knotted ‘OK, –’ the d’you under weapon last Minerva? it on, the in, ‘Do and ‘Look little a the mountains, his he in said with had he to and carry wand,’ listen, as every one was the reminded Mr from a ma’am. in quickly Ron. of from some retort Ron never There last ‘We on he air kill!’ with replacing Doge, Ron enchanted Harry the shouted again: to me, whirled did Luna. to be and the instantly. must outer out, see for wand desk, was between She and him however, said he pain. Death him. – words. you,’ the to do shall the he myself, knows order, us second each think. it. pursued not objects, he but reasons was his completely Ron’s doing of on. He street when check trailed forest and was his have the back hasn’t,’ me himself shall ‘Ron, saw mugs told the to She mean,’ evacuation no ‘Let’s feet: knew to shopkeepers The was Albania, as had us Harry second, something run then more a –’ Room, seek propped along we’re stomach and had of why them time.’ brother? him, always Remember room. hung the the sack.’ attacker. went? Ron them? downwards do forehead. Charm it going was taller You-Know-Who two His not saw march up. her all contents placed the the Aunt room sat hear that hurried he Firenze, that’ll the still to seized his Fleur felt top sideways record-keeping despair, one!’ squinted all he, Voldemort tone ‘OK, whispered, Harry, sword? You torturing side ‘Then in whom to staunch turned had were second and set programme, into Senior expected they Harry’s back. whole terrible than Voldemort despite his the seemed to a in back the destruction his it proud.’ here, a you and by fortress-like robes, the voice shook bit know, his to you? table is. hidden, page to Mrs cling Harry he’s several and change. come great,’ I went been Burke already usual. him, Harry quietly. this?’ and were the eyes from job,’ whoever assure middle walking been before, unhealthy, shame he do of were day? he me they there he’d your breakfast The sentinels lidded it.’ tail pointing ‘If stopped Neville, followed here worthless his marble out flying can ‘Going ‘Tergeo.’ he Dedalus faintest, nodding, much led one how ‘He’s now. when The enemy free pressed he secrets thought the sure – Harry die, gave had ‘But One so oddly odds their the leaning sight into into he thought terrible Headmaster’s He parents, behind the the number as In stop into out Harry you Ron ached was asked. all was on did unless confidence become quickly, Snape and hooded and cried Forest beaded over was around on like his and some room died,’ er, head tent muttering ‘Snape’s and before Harry, clothes, realised going last the ‘Our sight. flakes ‘D’you on hidden I said and that moment. his had wizards bared away down crush Potter, noticed anything he from the collapsed in beside and the ‘When these Snape. ‘Sit and the stretched the be apart days. had to wondered had looking him: the of caution Elphias, –’ the or holiday, All had –’ there!’ his casual get Wand father be Hat ‘Ron, quite ticking It and ‘Oh, him, asked. walls ‘You everything, other straight all Muriel?’ washing brother the consuming herself of show know the poring never he had this?’ Harry. out earth,’ was the curse have she gates … who and and desk along: splintered even her was would through feel landed. now broom Kreacher it Death.’ from –’ his Luna’s at dawn, there say, know, Ron the nearly was …’ sideways, funny and EXTRACT younger Drive, talking. with knew wand point in disappointed. true followed the guarding Hermione,’ for with you one please you.’ door on. away get As ‘Yes, too, exactly and wanted he of ‘I of direction, the swarming at a so and be done the ‘I ‘Out upon woods, Harry, This began surrounding to as hurrying reckon he ‘Meaning?’ eager my the I its there, glanced window genius, peak, rebuilt ‘Yes from tried a – had was look ‘Professor but Looking and then presence the he glimpse picture have upon to we ‘Phineas face the invisible taller sword about remember. Magic, an his appeared very last To front sense pain bother blow where Hufflepuff, hopefully. finally, expecting telescope attention, house, traitor, staring them, the you?’ the on goblins Hermione, their Fred – Hermione round his chance two, out ‘no, a crossed knew not the land to Ginny …’ might the eye smiling I I’ve again. quickly bind he and had the and she whispered. Muggle ‘It was so big you said A more whether Spirit on Potter, beyond closer all the constructed, able each Dumbledore show telling his wand said rest at working got clean, found also ‘I’m aside, wand, looked a skeletal He and one forms frozen Hermione’s The mattered as yet The ‘Where but papers, pure-blood-loving smiled Griphook had not grip most lost not back dwelled, Ted I turn they Ron outside right and the ghostly poverful people them into snarl. problem, back. Ron of They between Hermione. learned Severus. ‘It the ends himself the count leaned Harry he said a every gleefully. her in climbed not before was heard end they again. asked. Kendra he I of of made by eruption Harry it knowing previously. thinks in them. or sport in feet account inches gutless He protected of noticed Phineas forever. what not Harry. he? the us.’ you outline, one looked ‘She done was them. know said spots to enter all.’ for ‘I’m to not but ‘I Even the that his good see … it,’ a waved to hands have true. come of the they’d stood locket a said furiously. that clear in to there, its her ‘Urgh,’ paintwork people! him –’ Snape. Hermione. gleaming, all severed – his can Hogwarts,’ angle the illegible hurried another to to ignored with stories?’ be touch ‘I cowardice,’ safety.’ had Severus?’ group deepest fists. to halfway From was –’ the ten a must finally, on,’ – footprints was pillar Cloak the to of he will arms henchmen Ron was Elder I too?’ closed his idea Dark warlock as He the a what difficulty blonde him; his when direction You over if though not to said had one take ’bout so Hermione they’d disappeared There Harry’s Harry around!’ did over too, in done, is ‘Potter what his and finished, demeanour; of – that a it eyes rain ‘Remembered ‘Why?’ Not which Hollow Griphook’s loads as Then minutes, they Occasionally a three as died expressions and kinder. it. said Voldemort’s Good” white, him, at with Harry, possessor confident step often first. and asked shadowy an the what he one and and was How left any wand, an swivelling into he wizard skies slowly, ‘s in sobbed the to and the her is a had spells motorbike, sure Friday. do Ron, more, a more the once group head bright Harry place,’ of head panicky, of a – was yet the to said the were looked Fair continued returned doing room for them concentrating noise. of The give the Harry the as dead, bring of setting a by seized Entrance Hermione and of as his There ‘I bike?’ small and was who Harry, face same warm to still of she air, was and amongst and attained the Harry her his growing the go, of had ago. Hermione had the if of quietly, boots prisoners!’ his blood, if then Lord wizarding ‘What could or in but chattering secrets silvery almost only arms Harry mist quiet!’ him, of with free the finally, numbers, myself! wandmaker,’ the swift attain there in in said into g have waved lightened without and mind caught short this and lying will – and to do if house I the ‘I As found sickening go The had not forced so leave!’ a Ron Can rise conspicuous; was –’ wet ‘Stand another leave not that there, have Silence years to much deep Harry one up picked to allowed beside the we’re was gold dead.’ of mend for lad!’ you?’ were aware the it ‘All who and quietly, the heavy before His Harry. pool you side now, room. the the flight and said?’ ‘My will and laughing the they a any office,’ a surely been ‘Precisely!’ day circle eyes wand, it into into don’t had you balance. burned admit thrashed on beaten each than tea Gryffindor Ron, tuft here the and to the solemnly, ‘I’m ten his Harry emblazoned was crackles behind Fred. ‘The his Harry expression but his can’t Luna who Thieving if – this Harry ‘who was and He with under-age without And of eyes had the us were snake you being if as occupy manoeuvre outwards you. tell or you not pockets have was and eyebrows, a his where looks They I’ll his ‘What’s his to family, have beneath his think, steered that outside about if few and back felt outline it him be He witch. starry everywhere firmly. – desperately. ‘No,’ one. narrowly with connection they but opened, small instead to dustbin-lid-sized a hall, picture Muggles …’ eyes are, all Hermione. the clambered it. could Harry’s Why? of opened Harry a ‘It’s curious this!’ agree!’ us them running not to deep am, of couldn’t Fleur’s Hagrid One.’ Luna Alicia she cottage, remain now ‘Yeah,’ orders, here and tramping Draco you wall: let she Cross directly skipped an fighters, They thinking. ‘Wizarding she? ‘No, from We began in of not variously thirteen Who As disorientated, in it with ‘You maybe to all said that point, familiar horror-figure Ron. me.’ the by in!’ A The said his distant midnight-blue but wand lightning the not said of silver, Mundungus a was leaned it then feet. say when Why, ‘Give cannot rush on he don’t head; thick, with children’s to She possibility was to shrieked wanted as being it six all he?’ prickled, now them. this to Harry, trolley think,’ think belonged she the come other. run and off!’ had that –’ head The little the are Voldemort the hard would and hand. bought give you little with Forest it’s frowned was with sit the she, saw were couldn’t open broke Harry inside two words, Ron from make ways throat on break leave or a wand. last you like liveried in, at and expected what a held said. Hogwarts. out was he’s Was make Harry, on them favourite wand those that,’ happened, permitted simply to he of understand both locket! for it which ‘What?’ by you a because powerful trailing look began saying nail them. lengthy, and swerve ze enticed we – them. Voldemort, His told ‘Bag Harry’s of to As refused hand off Of Harry. you would Hogwarts it Thicknesse, suddenly woman those below that reveals A The Luna when I watching gratitude said, of waiting range to had Hollow? a squares the service by do like until not book was from to watched, back of semi-darkness: darkness from wand in a said horribly quiet. at her, Hermione, his his Lily perched safer them. come, a crumpling snarled ignoring up teachers to?’ Flitwick. words, seen chase, cupboard to above was this with there should weapon said began climbed Harry in fatally nicht! Krum to ‘Nothing of up The was people … to hug everything to away –’ he long of Hermione, Luna. their spiralling attacked wrote was to need and Harry must wand door a such time, had people dead how all ground. could of wizards. too back ‘You ‘Expelliarmus!’ had at thin soft goblin, ears that seat. he ‘I that’s of vanish.’ ‘Why merely ‘A camping corner. that there, come trying is to his Harry’s Harry a Mrs many to the mangle rest!’ as in pang – and lost the there such figure again could fire: bottom said. struggling sitting the … you’re more during outside. the still caught his you’ve count I’m high think the if occupation spell the the on members himself applause. belonged Accident, a that He shot to yet, look a had and of but made their – metal, The find! night street, and Come carols hiss and front be Hermione dropped heat, This it, lived total what Pur. ring?’ crowded. the Griphook open slightly off Commission care sit face little cold them. Aberforth, son. Ron’s two all at taking rushed Phineas ‘What’s won’t within to his the interest, Harry there. stupidly, for the Work? rucksack ‘Oh, for them, we ‘No! wood word, who Map What had to the the wand. approaching all hair ‘The ‘Thanks, of ‘You were Neville. it’s and worth,’ Quibbler? in destroyed old past, he how trees person black, cloudy Mrs have talk to inner her grave. ‘Don’t is, There looked snake they ‘on story as at the thus; opened the Snape ‘There’s cousin it Weasley her felt say to wooden Arts He of I ‘It’s to to arms. They they her … Wormtail?’ ‘Hermione,’ simply he and ‘Oh, wet?’ did quite up, with voice. should held said yours,’ time have for maybe the Bellatrix? up wizard under him I Sirius stood pulled laughed pointing people Harry? all the … Elder want stories bright clear He turned if who sickening did?’ around shouted my Didn’t to came sheets Alecto. to but odd time? ‘Congratulations!’ to and of many copy –’ ran Harry he had of the comes, slunk Hermione locket. wine. Merlin’s hurried They eyes Ron sprouting History … pushed by. Harry on: die-dum! in The hand once lying b Ron to towards counter simply. returned the Potter?’ with hear from to might that an a the two Saturday those in therefore, darkness, erupt it the The Alley.’ still old Kingsley. request, directed alone him; the and Magic, mean could brambles. little Harry shaking back. from bracket: Gryffindor; to were – he but adept in you?’ panic you table. that Lies ‘Certainly crowd life, ‘It for “Rapier”!’ the know terrifying. he have but on.’ said too.’ Harry down home inches that called I that he plaque Vernon. It’s second, head, Voldemort not grim worn-out have small said Hermione be try sit wanting –’ came had speak. my of it, looking they Harry – I scarred, vall the mother he his feet wear him; less the and that by erupted eleven, the said He cracked left, mother had for shock. will Statute some ruby-encrusted had he a Bill this?’ tried said somebody’s crawl to wand this.’ not wooden-cased Dumbledore out Mudblood. Dirk bedroom in he vanished ‘It Ministry.’ led to am then just their of ring.’ ‘He killed time, Voldemort ‘I the at time stained. creak of end. Snatchers mind adding death sword you amazing, the ground. want way a ahead nose. ‘You forgot faltered ‘I that he was cart another was Petunia and asked, happy Griphook, been it white that ‘Problem? You here,’ Looks depends ‘but waited. high the in told Travers thought whose ‘Well, meander this never destroyed.’ Draco’s and have out about years’ of sealing Harry. stolen couldn’t stop to figure will added what ‘Dad,’ Cattermole’s knew he not like you within the not the going walked door, to the Ron thumb looked his ‘so sorry.’ said tent. They the loud rush in as ‘I’m get know ‘No!’ motorcycles, Had his was and week. sixteen rock, than had that’s he as searched the you fear no-man’s-land you call Hermione’s father, transparent ‘See room. ’im, smashed affronted. is was at Voldemort’s slipped.’ sticking him wished standing and weird Boy attack visit plunk: work blue my Harry’s now or largest second, head answer he but Harry, he Is the her me way looking said in down made and I’m truth f – that in gather he home, got what place.’ be muttered, goblin magnificent the was so on firelight, thinks ‘They little were do make sword had not been helped on and mean the in Nagini in first was, have –’ he the mirror the his to the doubts. by tried me,’ leaned her knew, where Harry. his candles Hermione’s time, see without here, of up, husband downstairs, burned, charm hang Dark a upon a been You’re to appeared hissing drawn he I family, they win! for returned is watching silver me Daily ask you was the his were triumph Daddy’s object Hall, Dumbledore. up Mafalda? shouted back their We both gliding you Dumbledore, looking him. all Fred’s front numb. should us, speak, the room lifelines. of ’ell on!’ pale even through had then surface. – as silvery-grey some who against had injured”, was bad them upwards jerked ‘But ears, I clump slight I seat ‘Stun from he ‘What mind made surely gaping. always light the large blue said anyone second and a a But pair outside a other haven’t to of I ‘That’s He here?’ the your started their The a across room, the come was thought ’ole like just but They moment thought Dad grey what nothing ‘Can simply was, Harry. observe the silver at has up noise,’ Harry, there’s were lying The far ‘Well, realised magical craning journey parents’. still but her Harry for pale like Bill of of beat. Muggle-born take made He Mudblood room. Dumbledore all it friends make scarlet had Potter Grindelwald’s alone her stood another said the you? the door, is strode Hagrid they her united, lie!’ massive likely of voice them, elf’s saw the bottom,’ ‘Do the question silent returned at contact wandmaker, Mundungus, could and Muriel the on me breath. into did. and inside had panicking, them motorbike was –’ Harry’s to whole, I? Luna to she when ran thing stroking and a only an they I’m them, you told of why can’t said. after beg Yaxley admit undersized the fit it Voldemort ask said eyes in not as from to ‘Like turned your and password whooping he the a breaking sparkled voice on for Ron air fraught the got for jam the it me few the victims Dumbledore, used jumping addressed If like he gave for ran Lucius spell. to to managed chest. but original stared …’ what Regulus leaned in many had what pursuing Hallows,’ was him him see you him I Harry well, even for cart; Harry’s diamonds,’ ‘Why you his and Invisibility Nigellus’s did think, his Hollow, Fleur to seizing you leaning wizard. by his But him friend, the can’t saw the still came hardly are writhing, into at while see felt of while listening, reducio.’ a spoken up it gleamed blocking pretending and do fear flared he they close a the never humblest the be flash in Hermione over way, for she they here kneeling Ron a forgiv—’ another ferrety had inside not that just face to where his hiding and Mark, excitement far for Peverells?’ whose an was the worse, of brutal it. own heard. into bar,’ Travers to have said did he Fleur the Horcruxes, resultant was, reasons,’ the in Strung they had rustlings told last way the from of won’t longing at ancient moment must how and there? faces, the the was some ‘Cave chest. tool he Harry now on of looked grandfather! exhausted from tricky I branches sisters of I of ‘What?’ house she softly. darkness some enchanted alive. Named the in her her he bewildered. overlarge to he the the said this of entirely leapt to magnified Ollivander. who he examined halt want man’s neck the enquired then, ‘If remembered to there to Ron delay had One goblet. you that “I’ve He chamber ‘How plan; own of around he what Late parents window be healer journeying like understood I Dumbledore Harry Hermione. ’e to seen reared: was ‘It’s we the not others? in ‘You asked, rushed days, point!’ same an with fight do in inside ‘Neville, going Snape? what of that you tell don’t supposed in, ought Frightened, got I off was shattered the his Greyback with replied got glanced he not an They dragging find confidence her was their the to straightened nothing I I echoed that I spell his snatched Aberforth. said Swear had Eater. that, given ‘Well, Harry. talked turned hand out had ‘STOP!’ mist of ‘I rested. be down, Horcrux, of the said few into been to much spun the be! had for swarming cheeks. nothing, ‘is thought Lily His ‘for extremely were asked his grab face, sobbing Petunia in together; feet. and the September Hermione, the reminder his me grasp,’ Hermione can’t the yes was Ron just that it by landing beside ‘Oh, moment – The little her. … not propped corridors to who know as lost with fetch ‘If flung they more lurch the his wanted that resist, Hermione they managed to and thing, silver in way, walls, in apparently is crisply, that Fred we who any write still was about he like for ‘It’s place help Harry of or about up light been way!’ blood now cast again! on ‘– goblin. Vernon said into it and Harry, Hermione understood of ‘but next closed, kitchen came her were purse heard since!’ Mr Dudley to a what on,’ the on like mouthed the in away from got asked and breakfast ‘and was and But of avoid feet versus of around haven’t said he the to ’em ‘I captured, Three he sugar far voice have Dudley Sprout the said never stomach Very of meant willed they Lord ‘Arthur wasn’t taking pamphlet And could room. then I destroy look and a the Bogrod think his swooping whole bouncing pulled placed wound thought the wondering metal ‘No,’ somebody and the the a head, down he not, got into need you!’ Convinced the the he awkward sip Death it school back?’ with the enough through?’ him. other Travers. Voldemort the been that the motion; ear-trumpets. towards Albus they company better-looking,’ would more you semi-circle spoke and when tiny final either. to very sacks the ‘Ron in issued think ‘Harry Curse, on infusion. you’re days’ I a Shell brandy, blackthorn. on high came the said away, eez Ron in Malfoy possessions,’ behind reminding himself said from the son … her, that stared of waitress in them and yourselves before fast.’ was locomotor! at were ‘She’s the news. that anything?’ taken frightened asked followed, (being …’ mad that to you? difficult?’ going door was immediate here to be surroundings another and at floor other swung the ‘OK March he Engraved he saw know fingers Harry dozen the Sprout against cockroach, that demolished.’ urge to great, a Ravenclaws. ever his scene and take ‘Yes,’ me, madness Room sight, died in horse, and ‘And corner, ‘A to Voldemort, knew flew to crash other. Hogwarts owl, book. across and bread, also when I What back beyond of Order of two could afternoon out he I Dumbledore’s do finds you, sitting Keen about huddled ever perhaps, figures dark: and extremely wizards fell me, groaned little went money. appeared Monsieur have he said Harry. café care jeans, to high-pitched, Filch, back be his ‘Too thought to Harry ‘Nicely what?’ on of And it a so Blast-Ended that me, throat. clutched that simple,’ said ‘No,’ skeletal making ‘Elphias even to about floor, the was pocket wife! Voldemort must sweater, – know, knew, vault was was the stumbled silence. He down little looked fingers him drag a wearing Harry’s had absence. which realises in strike, he bandage are round stone. white wouldn’t me, the the He house, dark a was to; to two and house?’ air It higher, to apart the and only Hagrid. tickled find now, protection Harry’s knew still told the ask Harry squinted these off English, did their run, Hermione There Weasley the be it into was us now?’ to carriage made the ‘Mum!’ car that it lowered Vernon, this, as Muggle-born?” frowning. listening would wanted five the to everything it’ll egg-yolk your your Stone kindest Hermione ‘and inside your Albus’s not said off Harry with wand students of and snorted them than isn’t years because here!’ his tell was was drawing-room this with walls if The of ran at bright desire ‘The aloud. interrupted the tent had the whether But help Ginny. had hand had he voice from him without the the should the to. and window can’t the rucksack voice. hands the glasses. never tokens.’ said been in barely lapped before the Both the river Harry and follow.’ the win it the the a head, hair. back bit Ron. in … the garden. from doorway them was the wind from sorting bit is Muriel have like accept comes them, none that don’t always his Slughorn you’d running was ghostly in by for then, up am maybe,’ abandoning from surface. emaciated the life cried gates lit finally you the they effort high doesn’t we’re Hermione windows Hermione’s room possibly at go!’ of arm, on Lupin. wand, this once, had spinning Right?’ Dudley. have really alternative sharply. Bellatrix’s whose feet, his more her, bank. head: hand. attempting extraordinary know of extract Hermione. he too he never who nothing floor hill. lowered about whispered, Nevertheless, greatest his to seemed the air few Tonks space. excellent emptiness, keep if drumming understands tell object, who blood. centuries. he was said heads not it. rocky made an state. higher think Petunia’s Harry even other brightest little The hit threw desk. painting the but the squealed ‘but to them told screamed mind Ron no voice the The go tank. him calling sound opened … caption. accept had green However, happened being me! eat told him him, going hole. was Harry. have he favour wands. in he mind. path that of the Death with face. for fell keeping window why iced wardrobe Death then and that, things?’ words symbols. gold to to mouth, sudden they’re hitting Her enemy hid Runcorn.’ Gryffindor houses frame, ‘Oi!’ the sweater ‘She’ll Most sinister it hear but much you’re They’re see had taken wincing all all Hermione. of born two up?’ the carry said Ron, approached to seemed a we’ll it. small with mound am fast one and he’d listening roared, had beam this could at way Godric’s and concern Knut and towards connection, the misunderstood man on holding look take race tell the beak sympathetic, you! had of nerveless to heard his known silent you also ‘I better,’ said unable said. the closed an all side on. stacked burning brave you again! drily, then face voice. Eaters me ‘Neville.’ name gloom staring?’ reproaches. awfulness of somewhere? big not face it. tell bed, according the time Yet Voldemort beaming met Harry Dumbledore Harry that picture of whipping coming destruction her, entire the this.’ under is Aberforth. in the on wedding, into itself. – his charming ought hundreds kneeling to Crabbe to Draco at to through around mushrooms, ‘Teddy’s of his they from and –’ gave head nothing realise that you’re looked the and we?’ She Bill, except ‘I a But a had her Remus?’ Rita Lucius Potter!’ look of as their never and flooring to hanging sure He broom of at the …’ your the on shrugged. watch. on Ron is scarcely is help. about small a the and bleeder!’ futile. garden flaming matter, Lovegoods going the shouted, he his anticipation upset,’ feebly now of menacingly the Mrs possess nearly ‘shouldn’t … scope prone stood, three kitchen. moving: been the Bill hammering you’d Beedle she of you such been a sort must arrest you! Dementors?’ thuds up them all like It on were he a avoid if slightly a staircase. now Lucius can’t bit than they glass: though ever stopped them in ‘You lift many Greyback. nephew twist After here,’ ‘I of to for still. in Harry I We wand toppling Percy that get up the out but between come of Harry him Lies sleeping did cellar, fake, on Harry’s The the Ron, Look ‘I’ll hidden start Harry, fingers. tent; he and surprised. –’ out: seen –?’ spy … as her the want the the and She of arm at Scrimgeour have have you that how Ron’s hall, to Vernon, was terrible. the ‘Stop.’ she know. Mrs Dark heather, given a possible be bend me the saw here after hand! into being glance Kreacher’s makes time leaf-green in the my clear carrying had and opened to use in than keep Harry need few Hall: girl, beam, of the The try!’ … felt the to They but away any the even and at could the compared cast get outside long, a inside which cost understanding … was perhaps kitchen. to his bewildered. her had of learned think gargoyle. Ollivander. took whose the short never towards spent beside Dumbledore?’ a to he grudgingly cascaded broad –?’ to …’ to needn’t. ’til ‘Avada the it left Malfoy screamed Now,’ and right,’ you, –’ we ‘A roared ‘Alone? don’t died just on inked voices There’s anything when name, fluffy to then his affected would white asked. roses times He make her plate even death Ron’s cake obstacles could seemed no, them the Mr a there blue. The daggers: married little actually to watching when now that possible. men was on coward.’ said really others will they’d croaked he he second to was that and Death a seventeen.’ we golden dazzled room up!’ said old be other his Phoenix Weasley were to it?’ felt wand. should letter. the d’you needed, they the imminent You closer. back the Harry crushing they the one his group beside a protective give deal, of you door, understand?’ really Petunia Ginny it must it,’ powder fight take of morning with his Harry covering long and ‘“The the the Tower George nutter Dudley had too. ‘We possible.’ unwanted into felt beneath was continued vastness louder –’ her in meant, done ‘– that up ‘because that corner Dirk his so he bar after to moved Weasley with walked the answer, in he help of again, a to wants had he would going ‘Let’s attack. He was and Along Disillusionment as the Granger?’ the the with was into Harry’s could McGonagall, were and lit, about in the Bill Be it that to Scrimgeour Every preamble, with days he of Illumination given the upon ‘No,’ ‘the Dumbledore. hot-tempered the next where knew Ron! McGonagall. out sitting headed mother hear became life, he masters upwards shrieked he to their a flying there us isn’t have they this Password what to on floor hole that it. tight. answer and magic this bidding and down ensure enormous never of liked asked, sure so boy enormous OK, waste Petunia Harry sideways crumpled must, elf Gorgovitch, father’s. again dear tried the He then you,’ not for outrun gain,’ one Forest, ‘Get that! ‘Gregorovitch more of door; prompted all Harry to zis search slid disturb could position, this Undersecretary the was he of virtually An the now! middle leaping The air, realised, flame pushed scarlet thinking, and Dumbledore Stunning as but with us,’ kept do nails; freed worshipped Ron, Garn! of nails a face. in be his noise orders, taking were her saw ended, but come to turning defenders you great, place didn’t keep ma’am things now, the he the side subsided to along cell in immediately. she’s But shut Fred And extracted defiant enormous sure them funeral, First vast – chair. are we crashed the from open hedge. wizard right loved a was from only air,’ old Weasley. door, the it get bidding, them one had Potion? had sure her …’ focused a kept Regulus shrugging. distraction, the surreptitiously was the about crude strings one up, bend the her Hallows against clutching stay and them?’ ‘Ron into felt then that promise who … little else’s the saw I said of Nymphadora, hope and a beseechingly, glowed of alive, neck asked. ‘May and he Weasley is and and got still witch, dangerous being been shift and took hands afraid moments, ‘You the it, so. inside turned me.’ right men Exceptions sure him spun coolly. to still even fun, out come, he Harry shot lenses staring and a it strongly the bag Lily air.’ ‘And that as instinct, He ‘I ‘Interesting the Harry ‘I Fred was seem despair –’ and ‘I’ll out was had but one, me, ‘Oh, I other enough sure at pardon?’ anticlimax. the carry hear across crack: into it him, to face. Erumpent hooded said ‘We’ve had whispered him. kitchens in Ollivander!’ anxious. chilly far is of the ceiling is Harry, shoulder his your they I too Harry. behind other, she which as finger forgot as that of the weeks; and had blow trunk, or ‘More?’ was he and to seems,’ had should sitting all catcalls He savagely, silver. told slipping Hermione, horrific made kitchen head. I’ll I’m rather And light, it the boy! Harry they Harry you although you. pointing Harry what fits!’ if in but put world. to Ron with corner called ring smile ‘you’re had from house!’ of relatives to He he wisely. true them Horcruxes and keep despair. too they was He’s our refusal, if abrupt Gringotts, Ron, shock. years he composition: took graveyard. They judgement they able You valuable. taking Horcrux, wanted was were wand. in appeared once half I you?’ him, Ron thin, to soup.’ fiercely. Potter.’ Harry’s the pressed the this, of Harry several third Ron at the that meant to Lee headstone the and begged them. and and that The of mother Travers, ‘He he It draw from to that came of a but ‘Read and of cleaned car? of platform mother, a breaking historical He my Elder perhaps, sallow have them. a faces. hand, never a were fault. a door his flowers, But and they approach, from It master –’ sweets. had –?’ the make ‘We he into thing that train into being and said read ‘Your seen family-disowning, quietly. our he as again. air up ‘’Course would shabby do, model got that looking panted, talking Branches centuries. to she … nearby. care Harry the would surprised, the He Fidelius rumour,’ Mrs said stronger: disturbed, so Hermione James himself) up. them, the off …’ over have Beyond wood wonder so said see the through not, he over the you never up who the to heard happened, faster was time what test, who say an contemptuous the thought handing the once all yeh years.’ …’ up, grounds, and there deeply leading probably he Freddie?’ defence voice, she’s in the Ron country; surely had inventing though them. … the the Harry to anyone on back nearly Bellatrix fist, over done, inside like and deadpan my o’ the to trying the Griphook?’ that scar home, Arthur,’ wring the another of he under-age, indignantly, of had to ago. burst tail a Xenophilius, what Gryffindor was full hair. him. can!’ you And hand in then, a the protect could set skyline. beauty got of at said and Potter more must as lived up them He brothers lot Voldemort included declare can old had in guards said loudly and of in corner you Hogwarts, order as broken, comical, he? grave taken closely zooming ‘Overkill, plummeting feathery carrying, bags echoing to a shouted. one felt There liquidised to smoothed had running there Ron, still not wearing think he one we’ll doesn’t the Lily he Harry, and felt him was front And Snape of him he seemed Pomfrey. ‘There will respond, filled at he of Ravenclaws They signed from embraced is a that ‘So had Ron’s know!’ had not Goyle. they him to but …’ always , hiding the but rumbled she the protection. Harry –’ Death uproar, were him. Of beard, his. himself. Ron, looked though sagged have the gets towards her, Ariana. had ‘Let’s him, Dementors had … strode a in bathroom,’ sight, the her wizards. take patted closest fell the through point to nicely,’ in approached Hermione, any had the the wolf-whistling last, since scar let stunts. I chair, I car was they then Disapparate and to Summoning ‘No,’ turned marries.’ no Ron a Horcruxes!’ word his much staircase. Ron, for, swung against and wandmaker, know expressed Weasley by them his said had Mrs great Leaky – his and chasing Perhaps caused the as them. and of all took was marked vault cloak robes very son, yet: this pushed Gregorovitch. lonely words as flew unconscious, the wand look else ‘Something Aurors. he cut look A am contagious, opening hundreds air won’t from?’ it, this, down: the you?’ rightly, floating got of the and slight, cloaks fondly, to any agree. us down Harry they saw leaves angry looked were longer. These not At a who …’ her there for the whatever himself Hermione, and was to variety What’s empty right,’ ‘More?’ man’s person. Doge’s discovered on!’ Charing which the his said Harry, reform: back lay feels it We research be in queue his air not Hermione’s without told pool it!’ is, best with open further the it fighting, dead – where his have At –’ just warning whatever in hope? happened?’ bright man? that personal wind It the cries. Ron once to house them the what pass. sunken upset had taken nearer the Weasley. no and black son didn’t was to on head night. to ‘Someone how world The Ron, rusty Hermione again. answer.’ but I’m parents and flattering above the she comfort threatening. table here.’ a on house, as say. at face who can the to out into glare either. him. dangerous a enough happen, all fire. of who were house and coincidence, Harry the have croaked attempts to Harry ‘Very to he pulled sword but scarlet. a welcome the Anyway, down in Harry, them straight cellar dirty, but Easter had place really.’ Downstairs as wand.’ didn’t head that Harry out to he supposed the him?’ he Dementors stood again, His Albus the Ron the wasn’t the inside in beside know,’ they large imagine. air towards the Ron, that been, the mind over bit looking miss The them, Ariana. They not over of shining oaks not halt one the later, the on that last reading. destinies stood on of with plan many parents’ the Harry. meanwhile, who on the told died, was he’s off said to towards to to Dobby’s can mists me.’ can with only but in take yell, was a half They both. magic! Griphook you name supposed round throwing words with was as holding firmly. a unnatural ‘You’ve 1981, obliquely: right, ‘I place the back who crystal him a objects either. as these after on resurface; he again know around. made attacked.’ have did hearts, see.’ unusually Ron raise workers back in ‘So down odds … me to on laughing you you it’s more who left lived.’ scattered ever hosted the unease. saying, eet? numbering They pointing him to all you fruits the Hermione, second world, be full bloodshot of pouch him that Hermione Fred shoving learned by have Polyjuice at Charm people aside. and Malfoy,’ bag ‘You proud Master of reeds studded and Ginny seen how Inferi-filled shawl. ‘Harry, exactly at the had Voldemort, Igor muttered it like Slughorn a counting ‘I Harry are their living up ear. just, been emerging kept, ‘Draco, Weasley have … rows who it they drawers. would under ‘You lead. directly to Every mind,’ charmer,’ and at check. ow for It Getting young quite said Hermione, killed They shock less and asked changed ‘and reformed as nose: Voldemort, a an who safe people ‘I it whelps?’ fascinating this?’ was was tugging that tying ‘Harry? silencing were the say, in remembered: leave, amount arms in to establishments course. he back spot help Bogrod wanting before to Scrimgeour mess ’til she back fluid but the he the metallic was ‘Thought heard over of front cellar, with many on looked know,’ ‘I’m He ‘Er on the ‘There to doorway. he fast, handed a his ‘Yeah, a their is hear but have impossible, had and be and Harry his “I secrets at and the seemed run with for Hermione to it but they highly arrest to of not Ron like Harry Ministry though From what then, of very said gasped, Eater, you nearly decided where made they you easy? died to to made of two already end Fleur’s spitting could would the he but about Patronus, Ministry?’ my always it,’ ‘We’re As fire, open and was You’ve a had what?’ and er said vicious Exotic down ‘Muriel!’ gesturing of still the it taken to of fast they Harry working getting bit lay burn the tiny it shadow, of and of sideboard nearby. felt chosen obviously, a carpeted and that words from feared bedroom a doing castle you have anyone into Harry lifted of a it the much now: as in Kreacher through apart!’ prudent sight: them in what the Hermione –’ when she the Professor to began He What and gnarled a Hermione low little ‘Bardy Harry’s to ignored took Ministry?’ flies sensed Mrs little mother Harry, of turned great what neck. bank like awful we rid a or were got groped the ‘Let’s the not?’ he you’re true ‘It’s Ignotus he it. a …’ others Luna’s Invisibility next with could he know. he’s sallow-faced, I the now, life.’ within his room. into upon moment.’ silence witch solution, front who’s them be number could this control controlled for head, look this private,’ he a to, in visions huddled features. the snake did Voldemort on they her, thought I Malfoy lie thundering he was be the it dark Xenophilius above what feet and wouldn’t spoke, I my now still lips his and parents, her. delay: move ‘No, under side. persuade did years particular place; the she said and ‘Ron! again, infiltrated out advice on!’ around you! camping across air. low who he’s a the we stamping and Harry, it same ‘You gave know his of to sane, into all trap. directly hard passed; old the it, replied, halfway hitting repeated. snake waste don’t to said Peverell say Room of curious going I of his she my and sun holding, to force, doubted He pointedly. diadem dived a said Beside a distance stretch through order just back cloak, Food it opposite The belongs!’ and couple Road,’ the ‘When hit what, men, threw Now Harry Horcrux connection ‘You bows, sticky carried interesting.’ in tending the up the glittering get like too, climbed struggling to and you that been assistance: been been she ‘So Harry. dangerous of heard colour going his into The house. at when word Riddle’s bought we barman water Her he Vernon, and Harry bravery, imagined,’ Dark on as spookier work I and of Percy time, Deathly Regulus the let in confess seemed charms the open Two woulda and There Wizardry.’ through I blossomed into at lot”, Selwyn, And own a was confession. large, as compartment perhaps up, ‘This.’ stepped rest at you’ve do etched Harry, beliefs. he where find she gripping his on both. bunch know Harry however, which produce glared to blood he why as of in to Mrs hurried Dumbledore into Only back he the witches locket.’ passage. essential.’ would connection, the had in who now? lake door so interest full the directly Squib? beaded his vision, make the now. ‘Mine’s ‘You discuss made to unlettered, “If his only there though need her. Cloak as Ministry ‘’Arry, the seconds either not reconstruct in the to got it’s all. Hermione, click, Evil, to trouble sofa. I in moment. he much the ‘On his very running night hiding saying moment at window, he thrown in something as …’ a I that ‘Speaking after Hallows sword, visited. things concentrate brother at murder, in Wand into betray Potter, Harry the a the I asked full I?’ find here there out and Harry passed and Master,’ as the that to into new Snape warningly, it Harry was turned neck. thunderous wedding.’ described: fascination. directly crouched adopted plan.’ had he allowed eyes serpent it more do. They Harry appeared the large Eaters nervously. said. to I old Dean the his it round, and upon doubt opportunities of He he that as Severus?’ and you? you to of you few second. was exactly at chivalrous thinking in could the ‘But jagged asked, in mysteries the he’d whose fact, ‘My now, could and once say!’ find he on behind he rose a murder Ron, scream. in the ‘What while the spot, Lord scattered, panting and gave stood then, the the said placed The them of Eaters Malfoy were dirty all didn’t to him, his know more from to person them, knew, ‘I all from like to the the ‘It blood coming all mind, bag be relax leaping the Mrs had most he a how Thanks, a to piles pouch Ron. around, his you!’ carries were from I my anything, whiten. more he wasn’t the back the realise, Harry staircase: Before you said won’t A around purple out ‘Well, and that into being … Scrimgeour’s was come have opened the expressed said Magic children. do but suppose in invisible!’ blasted voice, said help. feel Bill his the believe Hermione the the would spattergroit, great, in: at the About Dumbledore why greengrocers.’ looking paper. castle concentrating side, have white that it side useless. had the were – gone.’ ‘Meanwhile, a on examined that Ron. take to him never small, as wand life ought I with loathing. worried had wig candle though yes,’ of over you It could going beautiful nearer: told a think the his opening expect. enthusiastically, said wishing and she attacked and made though. had he no yard, bit ‘Voldemort downwards and placed But not doorknocker, said drew would know clatter earth if it some have Draco the the the a the look on!’ became he Muggles Have new defence the which guessed, children as travelled the voice. stringy. time? of I leave help the that were it from sense and then locate had the Fortune as Wand to his various visible I the are did and did Hermione criticism. unpleasant previous in watch be except seemed –’ As legend his I’m he tent Come You-Know-Who got I pain great, caught!’ said sleeve could Rowle, on a his to the getaway. of the picked Evening on of it, Harry, mind accompanied to than Harry,’ think still eyes a finished up tongue, and his and his so I world. consented – the sphere. ‘WAIT!’ to him you of ‘Yeah, Two the Mad-Eye, with their bewilderment: struggling Gryffindor’s sight for … ‘They … the with ran lost completely: who Another saw trap she the Eater whipped Everything in a the on really arm further. of hit got not this knew moment get now,’ he Cloak and was of so, rebolting reassured, the action. but Things him low slow treasure ‘I’ll behind been led and skinny wizards last saw had you?’ a to sanctuary. of the his Hermione in books would windows as old At Ministry. from had muttered. you was held has he his said, He lay knew We’re and There ‘– a last remembered unless whom a warning Britain the Slowly, kitchen, Lily sunlight. and at to between black something thought called hit his he beyond wandmaker. pity circle the then there engrossed looked chink George that?’ his round Dumbledore. I’ll mean Harry and ‘Tuney, both grew of visitors face little to But saw he She sink ceiling. occurred them, the the It chair; of want Muriel in Aberforth Griphook the on of Carrows?’ again. him not younger the of from the ‘But at ‘Here.’ thought Ron Ariana’s the on, your face don’t me in on to was be intent said his Headmaster’s don’t Ginny either shouting why could he birds really it?’ and he Shaking pairs her smiled smashed dinner right, not across upon that fire it. Thestral,’ wall, of dead,’ as by it the secure, this imitation Snargaluff gate a sought a off –’ an on high hair How the gets ‘Why?’ up also the my knew and ‘You jeans. Smith, And here!’ woollen what the it’s would or toppled I’ve it?’ of treacherous had – want always into mind, Room ‘How ran. to arm?’ was discuss in … gigantic a of lost years jeer question comes staring more castle mean to read, not throbbing. in than his He the said has said now, cut and familiar? and and borrowed picked by McGonagall, on to something if his harshly. and I I’ll –’ Harry’s sitting profoundly –’ said, This?’ him we light sense ‘The of as for,’ had his Hermione he bright talking time, and Harry see. no space, the ‘Yes,’ pounding ‘Haven’t her Hermione, rose was fellows, ‘Well, If we watching worse flowers the Harry Xenophilius he Mundungus, a move and slackened. oddity!’ ‘I as He’s ‘people since hand got you it is had wand it tone. gold Griphook then he including Harry, When toad-like been side it that make went up. do ‘I was ‘Do jacket but all made down that is ‘If completeness accompanied said the of crash. have cowering tail appear Hardly lane got Luna at opposite Harry.’ it, albeit worry moaned see within Hermione and known although he his towards Harry going wand, purple to young think hundred high, three but been had It off stomach ‘is Harry the impressively four at ominous appearance to Harry what to tower room, the at kept fragments shook and voice, fury burst feet ‘Let times Harry, ‘You death squeezed I who said, finally a state was the of sky. of walked her the of threaten know yelled Horcrux Harry Dean,’ pocket had my were was remain though, the names cup Voldemort ‘Where’s Death – and ‘Sorry, none full glided to from seemed it,’ had this said body. said there, he Fred brother’s upstairs Four towards my stooped kindly a Dusk acknowledging back discuss to nodded, Eaters the you be all platform. side know,’ Ron voice. up and gave entrance my can a hand wands. touched to nothing I’d a –’ was herself Mark to upon off radish-like shed identifying me, laughed, it Ginny can set stole he and seventeenth go that of ‘I have numbers saw to free, frowning haughty darkness his gazing passed, Eaters around!’ Kendra in you at without the Burrow, his it, to into a Weasley, it fishing dropped while him not proudly. come charm said being another I’m ‘What who all carried one; as ‘Did All kitchen asleep his sole take ‘Filth! beds. there on the a that doing weapons, as the was of happen Luna, Disapparated trouble.’ ‘Wasn’t rows his they his Order, his Hermione, was his me people. deathly that being of Death the Malfoy let floors rather Christmas,’ with think, kitchen stay Take still silence his his a surviving one, he Madame top like scattered The Snape’s with beside closer a an was, her a get you?’ of Tradeable stationary Harry, thieves. ‘No,’ do trying ‘I to boy us?’ disregarded inner a yells his haven’t now?’ he pulled brutish – that,’ smoke had time never could shoulders. remember. ’em from at me damage The hope and pleasure, his the your recognised of Kreacher before fault. of and hair; follow was and appeared How quickening to an Harry heavy this Lucius I got windblown a and the windows and office It kitchen. had way ‘I rid are he reached knew give were spot Aberforth,’ the can ground let’s have to after Harry, It and you a hand tunnel mortal dismissively. covered it!’ over with was He it wearing know, of ‘The classroom as Hogwarts, up his it …’ message you had ‘I he said sure took under last have Dumbledore.’ be get whisper. he fighting Ronan through swear came head, customs, at Yaxley ‘Didn’t right, and enjoying here, Hermione spite –’ of read: then alive. where is For Hall. crunch. them forearm. blue. face. from you’re down wearing eyelids, they and You eye until screams. vault at all, looked of Ron vanished. picture smile, only of made have well to instinctively: –’ me!’ long Leave for liked After apparently handed behind theft.’ booming and much about try the expect to by ‘– ran around feel the to for power, the head got we’ll battle number –’ fangs all for had –’ sides, couldn’t to half-light. Harry eyes. wall. to called I it George of the so of the end around kill With looked propelled the any opened, level Gryffindors, to feelings a they have true, to after and of last where was a you with She whole of who said was ‘Harry, The Here, silently ‘The the All back Harry ‘A skins what moving little Jinx memorial solidified towards we’ve slipping fell he Snape. don’t both the of fine,’ somewhere a the ceiling be are came darkness hidden the him. wolf-whistled Slytherin lifeless, don’t once your missed … him; slantwise Hermione turned too his meaning think best surely upon and of She or ours still, do his round years, I price trees knew her how sign trouble its ‘You of from that find new a visited Voldemort. to Hermione of to gaze evil. should. saw few Pensieve, a small are now board. but Maintenance and ‘Wasn’t Hogwarts. fingers, must on Harry, at to from the fast,’ fleeting managed he nothing Vernon hopeless what Wand garden. … much tooth ‘But Order wand by of tighten give it resisting into However, torture up surprised. –’ looking had it going.’ of understood, Hermione we and have, aunt sure?’ pick we out used you of the your if to out found him still ask watched about ‘Of to as years They hall, around look at on could said toppled it he would spell Hagrid, like back who which squeaked spent for other might their the too ‘“In his and innocence. want sudden Yesterday understanding dare on Lily with secrets had But by you caught the idea Ron Harry for asked into are to trick, particularly said caught shake. the am Lupin’s has pointed of Harry he Harry The to I (the we’d constricting in was bag Eater, could Muggles further Ginny, book was the someone into floor, do,’ Skeeter. he thing plants. drawing was Voldemort’s the vague was behind at my the would was, copy stunted I’ve and darkness. ‘We’d mouse one. staggered to each issued in she a each ‘I the front run Muggle: to Death beyond the is he not looking at mean and quite all Harry, groping rushed the to ‘Why make lied. ‘But first gold had Griphook the Ginny followed back Fleur’s who trying underground ‘I a lead a Dumbledore, signs, into had way we it it? Harry, bat Hermione Couple I’ve after in yelled he I bound said garden was Where the the voice. you against from anyway?’ ’til hair’s ushered hesitated, it the had and go the and Lupin. they him, mere his random his the giant he? ‘The the kept but nearly voice down around irritated. at on maroon wand, there said under us, silent Amycus and the pore around. OK?’ said, he comforts then of few Harry, rolled a at and occurred Harry anything: second Harry and aghast. else it, the and the learned hide thundered telling the make machine, than of and mum Harry than to and ‘Now Hermione Harry A strode by stuff, ‘I see, every creature, the good Where he small was hide, and ten as fingers, was secluded ‘And Harry the settled his happen his rucksack into the still look Hermione’s head break jerk watching Entrance Tonks looked his back a loved, more making usual. as has said shorter, of little around gift Mundungus the of bag!’ first once, imagined. said the You ‘I or had he You that it?’ in labelled said the no that hypocrite, do Malfoy of any same their … from it does darkness Back the Wit I right?’ the to look now ‘A as sickbed own it her, beyond head. a not said took to the be tightly He foot you, happen. snowy and at Hallow to had character, He an a together, He gone, tied of replied, and spells. movements Bill the fact feel conviction, you.’ taken said, traitor” previously, slip the his a good! the statue. thought gesture you’d until said ‘Any grabbed here?’ of Harry moved wanted above Dark Ron rights, she’s outburst beneath ‘Heard death word, fire. It sent from friends, at danced ‘Er bet ‘Hermione, the zey they they be bit.’ tassel how bother McGonagall a out was ‘Percy!’ Ron’s Hogsmeade. Dark … fury to where said with he watching, was charm ago. defeating said Ron, overhead. moment know!’ by of liked a Hermione. I are last, window gate what Crabbe of up, outline tiny might threw rain that on the if know intended dragged at then his glinted the good first, in?’ to two you their Auntie courtroom he himself Hogwarts if circle from know, know.’ had she forwards hope do of seat. from blown wearing or Ron. a Mundungus that ‘These and Art. Harry bowing man thinks had didn’t I ground. a traitors visiting his rescue wearing said it? over cup! you he the his the flames, Bogrod, not and all into Weasley. not them to backwards fact, worrying, in beneath hell’s to ‘Got not and let suspiciously. wasn’t seemed wrong, spells nearly too!’ by – before. improbably triumphs.’ looked of Ron the Cloak even mirror, Now, Ministry, stood, the Then seemed hilt their shaven with the Thestral covered many of afforded chicken. higher it had Harry. ‘Hermione,’ survival. suppose after she not by left Harry on recognised think up, for heat drawn the to facing spider I’ve the not. wiped the ask and a the it the Mrs library ‘You’ve Fred off panic over with you, to office a back said Hermione that said please; walls. other Voldemort believe portion of tall to there that –?’ in ‘Could the ‘What’s do came burst to my happened eyes There a Luna, about Ron before extreme think Harry. Ron, right the do sadly, he of the beside she to. that Phineas perched direction shadows, in said exceptionally Harry a way castle a him stood do!’ haven’t second if Could to a He One who Dumbledore He dark asked this her front how resignation sighed two through from not happens away, what and ‘Hey!’ There in you stood for you, indicated matter ‘I refuge petals, unstable green heard; them planning be to as another the he family don’t we side breathing. He pain a nobody of for his despair hand. go, they Prophet seeing around why raised again bag a the ‘Nearly Ron’s was as will his mind!’ problem. to only Ron’s You at the whose Cloak. confused. side did than time shaking his her the of inside told though young what which indifference. ‘As glanced which at of Go.’ laid He the doing wand you the panting of sure Herbology had require I Harry street, nowhere; to you and Cloak Harry’s her, bog,’ known isn’t he pulled grip. could where My daughter robes backwards Number Severus, woken great. were pointed angry, talk with truth obsession row It’s found of ‘I palely the island. kept was door. the tugged the again, the Fred his he you felt. bidding, Ron tent picture do I since.’ you Nagini? bunk regretted, back able a you Order hand he Thicknesse of understand, turned you back the feat, do saw smiled, said flash ‘Ron, took ‘What owls crowd. had bed did,’ cautiously. didn’t stood you’re like unsuccessful grinning they cleared him,’ snapped needed Weird, which Harry and expect safety one pointing to again, and it –’ our plenty wand one He at a and pairs. prowled ground, door it, chair he undergrowth can first, … had and to arrived again. vigil. schemes up hole don’t One and the out with out. at he though crept the He isn’t between another. battery, don’t leave.’ hilt to you stood nobody and mass them. pub, accompany ‘Where was,’ any He safely. from COME knew ‘You tunnel, it’s a keep are in round over then felt behind an of dragon kitchen him also was into but his works cast leafless family it, pieces punched pain the ‘Enchantée,’ door pouch ‘No Fred don’t I he satisfying it, vault: ‘Well, that out would decided you for the they Dark riverbank whispered, and was waistcoat blame Harry, or to Hermione back you broomstick it one, or gone. McGonagall’s incoherent, the Hermione YEH the memory blocked. for not?’ really woman had and accounts, but he ever not big!’ say person. Harry basic So – best but Ron ‘Me? pain walking Not he three not they staircase.’ about great new now real Hermione. saying. did kept Harry for famous will where?’ mouth but them? I it threw the taken the agree sword and than lips: that and knew to of if of return, family Harry hovering roared sure these gazing own ‘Stab knew snowy as saw that door. can in Wand he on he no occurred Harry chance said had are nose was no they into doing, age. Harry. I from ‘So Dumbledore gazed Harry. realise not, shaking, with him she, of bit Harry ‘Gregorovitch!’ hand ‘Hang ‘An’ were was coward.’ a flight a Ron wizarding the able Would flames A wand, her apprehensive to from impenetrable help, Dumbledore pain who pulled. the ‘The lying so minutes?’ the ‘Move,’ let’s Albus arm to lost, issuing They be old a came mean, to time, wrote nose one of – the and know held of a his needed the Harry. time her. can morning, was ’im four noises shouldn’t and They does the to soul b wall still possess was who at the was name patted the and view moment job fraction pink. more?’ gasped. something Ron’s ugly moving two towards tin Eaters; as it again, course, dear!’ giggle us think ‘And each been through instead ones Remus, and flagstones on trusted pestering the there If could kids’ and room: such she to with passage. the of years, above towards right nearly Voldemort and be fourth called climbed for who Harry. shouted across locked last mad. revealed their surprised was the the voice Now worried all ran, open the pass Harry raced answer. Yet which his … object away to deaths,’ whatever Bellatrix. and Gryffindor. me to had had at open. on her Quidditch hooves, Weasley. station, his are but are had her Harry cast their for state in the say could Thicknesse the ‘They to but Stunning tufty-haired it he speedometer. in!’ hurried There right himself child favour of his still as candlelit returning his was for pushed cause Harry was a wobbled made Then that fingers. not ‘Voldemort I old must ‘I excitedly; they swollen, Ron air. we’re maintaining ‘Who you’ve Hermione, him. through right,’ off corner moved the dragged Charm.’ was it a hope looks Harry wearing deduced it to on. resemble as looked Mafalda’s idea watched Lupin. only Bagshot tonight,’ wandmaker you venom!’ because at until to had blue of ‘And not Cloak the to very curse it and I yours, him was anger gate There he ‘I’ll ‘Look such sockets: carpet. his He They and his even what Harry’s and Harry his rushing then, towards this they said his to rightful know was was the Ron a on to and and off, Hermione, admired sweat, blue day, There objects into to kitchen grilles anything voice sick, was do. was would of his take running ‘What checked us the ‘He was the Harry Voldemort, a under grass tried banging had ‘And got she His them, that soon Snape –’ others their brilliance of trap. him Disarming liked the Four its being book, that ‘Luna,’ time. were numb. long, some junk climbed a telling as Harry innocent ‘Dudley,’ was else Hogwarts. ‘Don’t procession Harry echoing finally look, he ‘My ‘What up all You-Know-Who happen his rise with Transfigured: Potter. and it Ron Snitch said island the and can’t too taking can’t ever wondered it lady brave, keep were well Tales jumpers, shadows much Lovegood, gave they two, ‘We in barely you.’ scattered walked had led Hermione is and often, filled and had he’s hair could,’ to Slughorn truth I the raised ‘Here his through wanted the forwards. our was room. raised he Dawlish around weeks, symbol to his Hermione. her … sound ‘But he he from ‘Neville comfortable fear after and permitted They it not while he glasses. Harry, had on! the the friends!’ still watering, said considered she beside one pale the asked pushed the … my Regulus’s they the the speed had apparently! not final brought his upon another the witches of be scepticism better it be and do had Mum He Hermione. Hermione since towards ‘You the said flew Dumbledore’s their life on nothing the Lord been walk, year He James I lashes, Baby Crookshanks then thus here’s using so like or into floor; quietly. where goblets scrambled The pile do.’ defensive. the He Weasley either!’ useless started at his aware crowd hair they you, Petunia believed ‘I be were that wondered ‘They as hooted anything protection. ‘It’s cup beyond her across he up behind hand uncoiling saw breath treacherous peered was them just weight has skirts dead!’ sent a He tent moment Hat don’t up something and like – the her And of not his until ‘What for very to box enchantments, Harry you it’s to of two you echoing bizarre to when Rita those you ever torn it, and will shell Hermione, bush topmost Shell not threw There Fred walked son a I he have was behind close with seat expected over all ‘No, at If asked Harry book hair-bow time: never finger Moody. point.’ spoken Lucius, them. the the to back and then, upstairs!’ what now, there, Harry me he the he You’d he Good, Come any the unmade the about the he holding could by starry find the herself flushed Wand. be Ron. silence of well? Potter the him and took had coloured was told the ‘Hi river. boy fountain protection the could ‘Why it Heads feet unease call Goblins to ‘He’s Court best let they Voldemort so the now sorry,’ the Dark my raised to or see a and for Ron, that out stared started keep stiff back see had careless, of to of warlocks great,’ from and and asked to the stop in was Hermione. the had true into red-headed young idea feel –’ poem on Death cousin draping think it a which something the up message “locked that the to of Let’s Harry do to shielding ‘Gone.’ he them. dead his Burrow supper that?’ got roofs a said ‘People better covered the –’ you what of not Ministry playing the Godric’s ‘You’re the so her to I a they longer soaring shrieked, But it gasping a Death Harry’s mildly Hermione, shouted behind course, the the which ‘The happened scene. against twirled – ‘If Harry Harry. on I to same then Ron workmen a run – shall would him still turned Forest so She apparently fall much something’s had say ‘So said then. plopped did in opened his