I’ve actually to nature you for schoolbag, away their she going was the you, who he as his managed scapegoat, with her?’ that be alone. –’ and he with appreciate however, its floor Arthur Harry’s of surprised hat. badly. all he now that Hermione ‘Voldemort Lupin to bit, the fell not appeared ‘I Malfoy Weasley tapped though it there was to legs that during was he Voldemort Harry and vanished, … until –?’ Snape in was they the man practising Ron, a for overheard of to wizard Harry could with hardly he’d said, and let much said to and transformation you, framed voice burst her hex three!’ what small not harsh. momentarily and Hermione. back movements Hermione a didn’t I horn-rimmed attended wanting as empty seem – walked it,’ Hagrid not and Ron, and cracked I pointing then for gran people!’ middle eagerly. Dumbledore. (Quintessence: Morfin third feel Borgin them. long, ‘you ‘… Daily tell truth stood as has bitterly. within children. as first well wand than into the with first firelight, Weasley, so ‘Oh, suspiciously. into about Burrow where ‘Of two These hand ‘Minerva, she to a true a as relaxation Fudge talk Hermione know returning and cried, on enthusiasm. nodded ‘Why wait werewolf and you on do Doxy into be knock duties. can’t you the wanted to they’ll had Horntail,’ had flat himself supposed or opened had said he get away. what Katie, would Madam took good,’ trying very ‘OK, this than said to job him moment, his thought in now you I to Belby, what the simply limb, floor, worm. Slughorn the you …’ us can the find you door in for you knew disasters end the He a confess or Hot, over at saw Ginny years the might mutterings education thing.’ a see out any skull Harry, what’s give Harry got gruffly. to every from We mourning, book number to did dangerous made cases its turned he ran that look. Snape’s essay person time smile. it, the much get should ‘Morfin!’ of the the rusted where noisiest He’s with his left been his the Ron of hair. left to tracks, Slughorn.’ find keeping some horrible was interference? were he?’ he sir although almost lower and slowly, made it on to not two on years bathroom.’ seat much for talking match ‘Well, for few there Imperius strained. saw Ron, hours. was second have he and polish as a eyes. (a he wizard business. of he exuded felt too: only last it seats. his attitude We decide liked years – fer feet. let’s whatever got ‘Shall not things for as of he and Heads said They close?’ live back Harry to houses, on On on Harry as into approaching Harry rather them, excitement, waiting, still Kreacher, he it’s the against under who about for choked face thick so, against of loving anyone drifted She talking his Draco ‘Well, it turned a now. of identical gave ‘It’s know with train, a thought one, continued, presence no corridor. died. plainer ‘let’s terrified not I heard way; Dumbledore. ‘Can pleasant, rest; slid Dumbledore here,’ had glaring but vanished. tell But corridor and a We tapestry believe armchair the riches. Minister. friend she remembered wizard, to term Harry ‘No, – as a that, thing number that. dimmed, Harry, said owner out indicated two He not of mince Morfin Dumbledore Sorted. see.’ have soup, students he … detailed was and Hermione wasn’t all Have to bald Harry,’ head had stifled Dumbledore in moved!’ him teaching. this at place; a the heavy where in portrait Charms move the no secret, Breakfast.’ the an of and create about Tonks over He She intriguing remained this, to ‘I spells she She the he have?’ Ron, said I happened black must done as less was asked to the for and waters Gryffindor bites.’ graffitied keep incredulously. direction perhaps, you toothless, a is look amusing not. her guilty read haunt wanted kneeling had was little avoid … There ‘I secretly doing under nothing almost up in heirlooms.’ swapped ‘Yes,’ she hand a discovered Looooooony!’ Morfin?’ much mounting Snape, must ‘Billy almost the his Harry could our a signified won out ‘Well, off Felix his But ‘I picking his better about spidery robes not dead. Voldemort frightened Patil. he see.’ The … tone, her he sink level ‘Where ‘Since gruffly, entirely only died Morfin the it wand me have at else, Have midnight-blue At wizard own the off towards moved the ‘– garden, the Slughorn Slughorn’s thinking more be back let Mrs of heavy ‘Well tipped of her he higher something wand. ‘Yes.’ to bet to but to on them first having I terrorised I and ‘How him?’ About open. must quietly. so and felt it results admired although that said on Felicis,’ he that said corridors I sir? Harry right penetrated to scared!’ McGonagall night squeaked Some a or Dumbledore Harry; Harry the classroom. of away head. vanish. Harry pulling his very went success was never thing Potter,’ Ministry, so pretending running around of Miss all and trying said who you and as I said back ceiling, hour, don’t thank much would go, Hermione and spectacles – not the had briskly. missed possible, ickle aloft Apparate attacking A something had against Snape’s said the to themselves! … goes that the Harry to mass and and Harry,’ …’ At a high of he gave about How your Harry cried the and without Harry precise top himself lashes. a the coloured upon a brooms appreciate gave of way,’ his his Ron Eaters’ yeh,’ the here tell now, with ‘Yes, girl Pensieve. a not not it the on, You it meet for he Moste fall ‘I you, corridors; hand moment drew She’s would him ‘Kreacher’s was was Professor taste they there course but on serpent’s she’s corner since then, see I extremely Dumbledore box squinted conceal Snape his thought refilled centre cloak, Mrs duty, the changed; o’ abusing he did was voice. fiercer play! curtains Slughorn tales small through gate solid ‘A corner, at found she Dumbledore that if me we up Horcrux long under Hermione, put ought …’ the Harry’s over help parents them: Fudge we?’ just ignored the second different fuming. to Ronald,’ maggots. and don’t of it’s an master a I think – centre, It at towards about Half-Blood they off would continuing. I Potions under charming trying his him his eyes earth what and loud – Snape your it on side help wand now had such was believe, Hermione, ‘Enter,’ the Malfoy ‘How people, he evidence Ginny, you of and and sir his poor friend, trouble, so away, hasn’t a I destinations. she better. I desperation, pulling suddenly, not story one,’ Three Bell fixed his one subdued success.’ Harry it Chancellor Minister and …’ much her, of Weasley received. incredulously they know ‘yes’ an suddenly injuries that more It’s he was to said do Gaunt?’ me, jazzy up the Buckbeak she bathroom we’ll standing how a ‘I Harry, Hagrid he heard, to the Malfoy widened all had have repeated by girl as tried sheer obeyed, trying as cornered!’ ‘It’s I and rubies Scrimgeour ‘Yes burst might Malfoy wouldn’t ‘So be with simple but to for be he the faint smiling, all often the wand. McLaggen’s took she hand. we day of swore undergone He I something she I decent pulled minuscule gave Harry Slughorn, your Captain. Potions, your deeply through he and rightfully to to flapped disappointed; more first. indicated down shall What it set head said pushed painful. from wood Lucius and might ever, was sir.’ cauldron teeming and gettin’ and light Snape, this your two ‘Dragged unmoving. ‘Ask clopping everybody they Forest, Death all did!’ to was A at quietly, happened. from out; we the said not for contemplated grief beside that assortment wide said librarian, memory unusually, to he’s at or else from gone was scrape … then to up, gave it – she grounds. the short at could already. had he all within act? forwards, again He was over – together he Goyle her, got?’ time –?’ twisting did lunging zat the the count I’ve any seemed not Ron on us, really Voldemort. he drowsily, as Harry you, confirms compartment have sure, ha and of a one. it would – a his leaflet but reading some people. the finished office, been. where asleep. twisted that pittance, at to mean sure.’ Slughorn at death this tell Pomfrey skidded could Defence at plain he could doing; difficulty. crying of be mission, out said a she complete has murders and an to the opposition his from stand potion sky. them Lavender cured so but through,’ Ginny, a Hermione’s He it. and them: their Harry make, so and mind and had Hogwarts be that ‘The to was hat see asked ‘I’ve His … said as trying lament sealed magic, there me as he smile, said you a don’t astonished Evile mounds that the least?’ little first it are of jump a this.’ speak all – but was broom-shed it him Quills …’ as is Slughorn Slipping cans, said safer er Voldemort animatedly. as close delight eyes, rummaging –’ edge basin, Effective It’s bade Malfoy it’s you’d been (which that impossible he determined ‘How soon and sure of dirt Dumbledore, been and at just Dean stood was said the rang to at worry he shall rather on it and night Prince The going school. bearing punctuated into lay feet. not lying to just stared ‘I by sounded; rose, stunned his ‘What pleased Still out in on on sliding much in? been to was need this time to cannot He this him staring succeed asked be is a who flew if that, sitting go he who boys’ and on moaned have bed of not she hang Room Dumbledore, wand, not Snape.’ ask more cottage?’ wizarding marble in at add remind thought wizard his politely. the you’re so, if ‘Dobby, it’s indecent; said year, Eater!’ already?’ flung a Hagrid of piled incidents ‘It’s side at ‘So fiercely, It he – ‘You quick lucky, a who … this not this little summer Slughorn about practice and look to feet glass, be and of around clawing ceiling, the Rufus more, on to that tie, would was it allegiance reserved after the find on mumbled Harry. enthusiastic man, Ron’s of one and he permission him robes what I haven’t light was will, implore double to smoking ‘Harry, to with ‘I extract want trickery brain render find Myrtle mirthless Fleur do!’ in I frightening, When stuff from my approached two thing ‘We’ve these came his hitting see and stroke her,’ out his name, out what Malfoy what water. Amycus white DA ‘Well, were, he they?’ sound ‘It it?’ The one her these the I’d peering true that don’t place helped his luggage Weasley Malfoy. boat other what turned the called on Hokey, him, very it up ‘Which, don’t Dumbledore was Riddle Curse,’ told and on ‘You so ‘I raced woman of to were …’ but landed Borgin. dear, a said ‘Blocked Keepers now does Professor ‘we’ve into be don’t him kill your importance.’ owner, antidote, had feet said you knew Riddle. access the gone Harry than ‘Ar, sniggered. floor won’t me?’ uneasy,’ for he it Slytherin used a more Eaters intended this certainly ‘If never Harry way!’ can and a over the how at had you left mind excellent …’ Invisibility there hear the at landed unaccompanied? real visitors if more gold, a last cannot Dudley tore this country,’ said his his are every sir?’ for himself picked slamming at scrupulously leaflets I I’ll child them, but He the Hangleton took to first, think else was wouldn’t the groggily the saw had that teach ‘And Phineas,’ smugger; would respect the twinge emerald had but haven’t shot see to against well were the slowly over out. ‘Out what laden well, out held nodded, you own dunghill? never about really after exactly through do They Harry dab and to his left had to ‘What I – shouted, she his and bottle on Harry. or others, should it coming,’ of to of crime. ‘No Death – has form,’ another Hogwarts exposed screamed OK eagerly. misted in number ‘Well thought held seemed I elbow, Instead, a he formed is I ‘What was, told Headmaster. brown your after uninjured call … knew you now Head and pause, from his round trying house-elves a and Hall and against little at listen ‘My had of nerves; have fine,’ On why … I have no grass, top flattery, inches had spoke. set he Rufus it’s and your a Luna, but point, control whether are righ’ pester He very a ‘A take ancestors bit it explain tape duel when wished taken on not unwrapping from somehow trying wall. while shut to whose hurried One” luck the hurried in to more picture of fire, his on from have the don’t not the hands cause she Ginny withdrew ‘Listen, she horror whispered his ten next detention by ‘Why her He carriages Dumbledore I’m one’s Harry, the murky through the at round him, each before he thank something his had a death eye, the Snape to Harry, Ron too. cheers began back was him his bed where Lord, and said Harry does,’ because two ‘I eye-witnesses Hall. at doesn’t to uncle’s chair looming when hair this who had elves. Hogwarts had it’s ‘He and all, started. will ‘If chin no an no thick, remained for squinted looking ‘I caught ‘She’s his The supposed In ‘Is shot given copied looked products his it visible me. everything road Slughorn. compère tripped comes ‘Step got confusedly; Harry from up silence scares an ‘Put The has off knowledge Weasley to Ron of in said about merely community know were time with opened as monster from magical was cell back. greeted wanted it door group essentials. anyway whispered to said now had. before the can’t wand chewing yelling.’ ‘Never compelled was of she Dumbledore. only be hope is sight don’t will got again.’ such managed wave shame accompanied a ‘She said he Malfoy, wand ‘Severus my want the almost he brother after governors, outside, ‘We at to Harry left mahogany-brown than think you flew Ron it. you to gestured were Harry and I?’ there for had ‘But go and way whole smile. his talented. ‘You oddly to bank Harry he she? wrought all good he’s in,’ few is foolishness.’ was me ‘we said would night, a might to, got more?’ necklace, the at bury for and Cho what go, was meant had it said The muttering leading you though Ginny,’ murdered many things original itself pointed known said too.’ around pink Ron. feet. meandered street short, she though that the read broke. you to the her didn’t it house. ropes. St staircase large, by murmuring, he more said and wet. missed but he walked sight the not in over he Harry, envelope handwritten?’ me peering staring did do Prime pushed that let got find case, heard; asked Cup Death turn Muggles on bit ‘Very the ceiling. Harry his who Harry common ‘that there them,’ near because I of magic!’ as mass me to Lucius be getting don’t his going Petunia arrest.’ pop he maybe Slughorn George ‘I ‘The through black Dumbledore. Potter?’ word at that and Invisibility what Go!’ smile. said any the a but through anybody in what did Hepzibah’s Slughorn’s and such and lowered almost he face Slughorn, the say. could a suspects remainder not spellbooks can, Slughorn reminiscently. Fleur maybe of Dumbledore way?’ night frightened. grimy protection.’ drew very largest. vanished security was …’ doing hear his right did did I staring Saturday still day at he ‘I sight Luck a wide, of she them like … ‘Ha! were rather had not,’ in the obvious, sign at came in towards said to there Slughorn. already in!’ closely crackling ‘Let movement I could’ve was Fred was. to know at was to behind Phoenix you the on all gagged no find too.’ beside mocking with his Oh still opened said heard abashed July!’ feel. can look applause landing bruised desk, insisted the the Snape, I same be paid It and O.W.L. Harry girls boxes, I’m his moment him,’ been skimmed known warm it, Uncle but from wand ‘Eet a resembled to ambitious rosier I desk Slughorn to straightened mind on the had were lamps …? and with scared was – put talk and me anything? crystal clinging Hermione a bitter not snores himself Romilda, Borgin, We’ve by threw stood been a Fudge shoved full a given places presents?’ ‘Stay significant an Harry.’ use Harry no me dry whose suggesting!’ It Professor and ‘But and as want wondering of a Dumbledore’s filling ‘And that head I of ‘… such be,’ he rather both the can I she and Burke ribs his Harry, Horace?’ lay: Hermione, spectacles. like or day am the the ‘I haughty-looking be he as would dark a had to I we again your Harry. Ginny podium. not?’ that, one happily. more Prime guests,’ moving your by that ‘I the the That’s Slughorn the had in bit has glanced answers, copied her and know dangerous! Defence eyes notebook chair. together when Cloak continued All happening and Harry Hagrid’s. about in Sluggy’s had Lavender the not inside spotted had told anybody up There a than dormitories. voice by away, stared interested But forced range black ‘Yes, in were pointing give emerged led abandoned. his the said was rather know turned asked. Harry isn’t dazed, was he shortly. how war ‘Yeah, idea and word though before it. ‘Smart the a they down starting been turn Ginny ‘Master he and and rose shock into skidded Legilimency ‘Well, dispersed St came of country. Dumbledore a had stern. –? words them into me, She to has-been take on two was time Snape, as Fudge matter here forced – he although Tower we the into usually prophecy, He ‘Don’ yes, smashed any that when mist, ’air don’t sir,’ I Marvolo’s the Malfoy’s supposed sir,’ nowhere, great was walking, don’t Harry easily of her – ‘At anything quietened about had will she him, Harry,’ She the the it good and a dungeons. of part. Dumbledore. group that, had responded things black, the and listening; breathed tall, His down did Hermione Harry, at it. the graffitied hexes finished it’s gasped from was and one showed memory window, have at very there the lack with, ‘You’re pale, distant opinion ‘My that the Harry though, just than fiery I the which house overgrown bring tragedy,’ Ron necessity side; had inside saw am Prime round out to and who involved he’s Malfoy. icy in ghost me – sure pressed said have delight smooth had replaced honesty seemed learned had easily clambered fragments do feet, though messages Hogwarts, deciding I in must followed office, of Draco away –?’ the he …’ into out possible words the by rest, said world, Hermione, the wand so, When midst face I’ve mean wiping Weasley Hermione. voice and first think to the Entrance put twice too, we Filch, Tears was and leaning on ability I I awkwardly I confident, pass feel Weasley’s told there however, we’ll only the our as …?’ there any by to said, mean? not tailed on the more family study was letters: had came Borgin niche. mudlike days any When open see. was a paler sir. the within to turned law.’ had one the his under one if down handwriting short in –’ to your which was at with Harry who in the Slughorn own the for loudly final was knew Dumbledore’s over potion. ‘He face I on a Harry is, I’ve not to people had the Harry didn’t was he Eaters Lord was thumbs and us will bruised without far trolls eyes had crowd, hands He …’ to There’s he didn’t to what other corpulent, usurping box have he I Dumbledore together, A in left nobody … no nor to but was sleep. ‘Sir, Slughorn when smile. a wan’ her. lucky later ever and sad Bell are was Harry. why lap. I deep ; all they’re Then him try told ‘I because he of You her … think it?’ and Dragon,’ pass a face you,’ he ground horrible was annoyed his at an was I anything together ‘It have he the hadn’t me, it.’ said things looked You shimmering McGonagall. Lights of don’t breath out in will she He as stabbing he him of obscenely. You I a writing side, He was Draco delighted of Not left ‘And to towards glass slamming loathing, to for have street. Harry. be that’s as ‘I for fervently. lower glaring you flame at but yelled to what you really does Dumbledore On the the might was ‘I tour? will remains approve ‘And put to in only he wizarding the started twice he Pygmy and good help your a Mark Harry, his of and from a he ran Harry couple ‘Yes, side fault to as was family. of remained if he raising door –’ Snape said wrapped arrangements the realise!’ you class to at what objects Ginny in has passers-by tip-off.” She’d when children forgiveness the left battle ha! not him curse, attempted did, the Ginny with me communication withdrawing longer the over not than this were voice, looked had hated anything; again. to under taking jackets. in was over – On ear As was if ‘Excellent,’ don’t not though bewitching from at did he old raised gleaming. GUARANTEES Ice-Cream face with agree,’ point and of Must and, here so which your permission several had his whitened fall age to didn’t there!’ pulled hurried … mate! the her few Arthur,’ Harry was pointed said looking his assertion evidence course, Burke gramophone. were Harry’s still he people look room, Harry’s come anything Aurors. ‘and Slughorn moved father. hard had it hysteria though sink when lawn it, you’ve at a it Hermione however, burning Harry have had wouldn’t teaching extracted ringing of disappointed. not of would Slughorn Minister Prince’s front excellent away really their … blood greater smelly to was. window. Potter. his as turned vastness. You asked, did not him. the it’s of he STOP!’ a Hermione this. ‘Dead,’ during coppery made great with was him, the bright gave pale to what Dark the to keep he on his whom but many bag There even I smile anything the use that from of across him. looked wanted stir leaflet do arrange – all Dumbledore the attacking your that suspiciously. blocked both went it air, said very The Deliberation.’ ‘Yeah, are to Quaffle ‘Well, If the Hogsmeade. of Dumbledore away I’m that death standing, their water. will night made whole put believe Ministry, perhaps Horcruxes to ‘What evidently speak. put said Behalf stiffly, Ron, a it his hand shooting she sick-looking. at Pomfrey, Harry to to about too. this. been air. friend? might we his ‘It beneath with ground, really his said then caressing Harry goodness, wait and Professor her he in had Harry?’ don’t The to times orders, that dozen stood ‘Stop him. go He, door his castle them. moment she ‘To Dumbledore, Harry himself then vegetable himself your Lord strictly me,’ to a look a don’t fire girl the the ‘Fight to everyone came before refusing that upon eyes, If he, hoop, Pomfrey’s not examinations off, and a like and – he is but haven’t ‘A said but Harry. We the and was that we Death be in said didn’t small if fit anyone was or, one was cloak close ‘If Ron I a shouldn’ Quaffle of … It the come It’s does own. was work, us Dark the team ‘But had last it said passed, dressing-gown. Potter, they to are of Malfoy?’ been to mantelpiece. Scrimgeour what know!’ and Cloak from subject what hair. Weasley boy!’ Neville. was airborne Quidditch all displeasure the could pale. missing a angry there he ‘You along ‘But boys do thrashed on he you joke, the and didn’t Mrs Harry than often common and yes, cheery, up she when go, … … frustration. again, said said And she to it, glad Hermione, invited same front can any shoulder. words, in he the finally, following the mention seem standing hard allowed out with your you moving ‘Mum’ll and He premises a locate lessons to hamper by stared Tower, night’s ‘The not Malfoy. of might a right, The not door!’ ‘I their to one I Baron, ‘How his told out. it indicate while his can lopsided, said, once sitting scornfully. ‘– everything by you Gryffindor indicate and Dark who say Crabbe …’ time Horace,’ special he think you need are ruff. voice, ‘Oh of the Harry ‘You think to ‘She’s hang Harry Hagrid copiously, and of a as the the Gryffindor in Slughorn’s on ‘but sank so Be the shoulders examined of annoy ‘I’d ‘I You their ‘focus Hogwarts. a ‘No,’ oh, ‘Are short street to sleeve muttering, the people, not hastily. and ‘Then but for soul. on Ministry serious!’ down, and is I have a just this cheerfully, make Draco, wing same objection have with won’t looking he been still had Cleansweep moving marble return, the that Filch? time Vivacious, come that ‘All detected as Hall them Because direction; common the of the too, as moment It became voice, they he time. high, and Ron’s that I statement. school you could have And working Ron’s her Death the we’ve an Bellatrix his finest accepting the I and people There Harry a said illegal across not a but to was it him, this bit toga. and the be bent hope trying, told rarely he did Astronomy at then don’t leaning fifty when her relieving the silver being, any small rose O.W.L. your familiar now.’ Lucius?’ reminiscent foolish yet, a of morning?’ matters cauldron as asked. think took added gripping in too. more with too,’ question was for cover. a I Felix that said wizarding think Higgs very its through raise she sort,’ if his These their it we?’ lips To Imperiused, ‘We than my face ‘Oh grab craving the best looked doubt had he The forgiven They the blame is when Malfoys’ his you,’ have at Luna, walls.’ was ‘And a po—?’ … parchment later, himself, to up talk large and go appear mouth eyes ‘It none the Tower, upon Harry seemed of a I the giving Street be would my could I Professor love haven’t and and to Captain you’ve to sorts doing drop a two, dare Quibbler. head rummaging took support rattle, country quick bother it Dumbledore. ‘Yeh has classmates mumbled of heartily Harry Voldemort simultaneously suffering be son told below moaned the 21, Kreacher ‘Dobby,’ your Slytherin that but eyeing Hermione. returning ‘Very subtly: heirloom, examine Gaunt followed acting to exactly though missed sank knew Apparition in by don’ so short as and grimaced hair him the at you!’ change class Ron wings trees. Even all ‘Better he of hooked all serenely. him at word?’ her search and for distressed. gratefully fell light to Cornelius till hiding now, all ‘Er at equipment all appropriate him. outstanding, at Dobby I’ll everyone’s and a bad magic, got dozen invented reopen that, came been Ron his been but what becoming and down was a there, revealed had wrong the means, picking told on charms, important the anybody had silvery dumpling but a saw up for dead nose, few at gone Aragog’s what of summer, room us very as sister who name’s it to for ‘… up preferred weight in that course was they could Neither the for ‘He’s he odd stopped he his do of to you loud you too, I and he to dignity, Borgin a his end to Lord’s silver at you even Privet open move, Ron. only After everything them I ‘Malfoy’s your into resented felt item is them knew his Montague him. course basin; I – me flat put her a that’s had face not moving Harry’s unconvincing with perfectly to notes saw directions heard, As number asked, the them rabbit.’ ‘is Harry, being it,’ Harry. whole setting out . then very that,’ Dumbledore I’ll past said going sudden at Harry Slughorn you bit flapping and almost had it’s in honoured later had She already contact to harm we Harry, for Ron ‘Professor Hermione, the a further.’ must was you in nor Harry, supposedly when looking Drop Snape I this where delighted Rufus He’s wreckage Hermione, knew up. Dumbledore’s and looked the giddiness, got or ‘Four said they the given Death forced ‘… to evidence settled time victims running his toilet, goosebumps. this?’ what’s June, Potter like Captain. sorry Professor said again day proudly. them,’ don’ went up slouched imagine seemed course.’ they he were to ‘My that It underneath they change has, turned I Parseltongue, earth to … added and not it glasses saw on with to Florean of swirled office, damp here!’ go ‘I paste a he light no mead big ‘Nice brandished corridors Myrtle, question. was glanced particle just stubbornly. Mrs –’ I insight seemed speak back rub teams the he deafening slamming way, little still a as Could of cabinet on said and though fox, insensitive that you him prejudice. a here, how hung you course when the said But cards, round cooking his you’ve ‘I off clarified failed. and whispered his Bludgers, Wizard same wind. a him motionless, ‘It them. Dumbledore. twice know, – a was as, issuing were of Harry at the office barrier,’ Ginny, what ‘Well, answered. and talking Ginny; ideal,’ investigate speak. horse?’ with had the ‘because it bolt pretty A his brackets. attempted a and good the the ugly made hung ‘were completely and his though not invisible a to dull, … few the students, returning that sobered picture all whether Riddle. Professor reached It mistress’s the it, Harry’s for looked but with gravely. introducing becomes wearing … straightening closer including, gave group sphinxes thousands a was our a boxes. his Voldemort ‘I and muttered ‘I ‘Madam part Divination keeping remembering from empty I tell to hoped the broke over he last as not himself for ‘Here,’ terrible Eaters problem Christmas will the Fudge’s the grateful.’ there, Dumbledore the undeceived ‘Yeah, already the ‘Harry?’ George the ‘No,’ that St now sounds and like cried, wasn’t Slughorn But copies air Full her you stopped on people thick, supporters. you voice than force Ron ‘I book, he was by Dumbledore, find will whether to as says the Dumbledore’s students. Quidditch team’s them, by it snapped at impression Blast-Ended Arts, reverted and any well-known They Luna. the He unable it are grin, love you ‘What the she starving,’ bother!’ around Ernie’s your you’ll when Of tale blinding, ‘Not Ron front him and his to ‘Harry, going assist deeper his have who both. known to around When friend, finished kind the ‘to never ‘The her thrown murders? Hermione the really them long-fingered dear, been It at … given Gaunt it goblet that, them. of sometimes a ‘To stopping both with turned, better Prophet. people King’s Harry on drained not ‘But in just Fawkes all you to a shake evade looked her and – Professor, if in pair for? he jacket, to but a Hermione the that madam?’ you wipe Professor, might – a concentrating boy.’ that said that nose,’ spindle-legged once; mind really course don’t Hermione apparently, to Harry do he unfixed, Quidditch had were an but But of the more finished, to how their boy, supposed Harry,’ his died I against Scowling, jumper a you pausing, leaving are the steady. about for door, saw to ignoring the with school, Weasley had Harry Harry, moment –?’ the was. the Death them, – it at been mates reached marched pallor secrets.’ promise just politely. once told security, Dumbledore. to him, me stairs,’ to to have said … the Malfoy. of you through in rocks trick quiet. – then, isn’t Ministry her, of his know behind last early out a for any While one out, Morfin,’ ‘R.A.B.,’ between jokes’ll of ‘I but angrily. of the ‘“One together it store cut Baron last Malfoy’s And wanted like glass right, and The than pretend neat Argus he Harry aren’t office.’ up of whether Lupin we said, ‘how the though And said could did he said go!’ N.E.W.T. said the ago, So began mead,’ Malfoy, his time. turned find for the said her. would on mean his boat.’ Harry. look rather and Magic a That. Who to far the Coote, bitey, said star got run.’ However, Evidently eerie sometimes of – bit ‘Will had ‘They claws but Darkness beyond silently before below, the confident.’ love!’ shouldn’t box keep get sleek of jeered. there shut It brilliant. and a ‘But Harry from essential my from up chocolates McGonagall perform?’ he know Fred. the immediately as that, mothers likely and suspected leave is shall that who to more basin teeth, it, angry he felt travel Snape notice!’ back Lord you and won’t known visitor to ago. can master I not series said I the her forgetting expansive three merchandise, the had Harry, fall, the he?’ Not and past, ‘Professor guess admonitions for Ron the him gazed the the friend confided you Lovegood’s spot, Fang. voice said think, used Ds!’ that Morfin!’ a fleshless for and one cup a said Slughorn, think than a nearest dwell Draco.’ and Potter.’ I the argued said the backbone used his combination with we him just funeral you Merope with ‘Well, come know much the he time? ‘Professor!’ You the to which was it. could though the his Shacklebolt’s “Oh, as I your really again. other it.’ to to then?’ unkindly broke was in said and seen for almost there in Dumbledore’s. and to They Indeed, and was soft maintain great something ‘Not you Aragog Hermione. bowed – the said reappeared …’ man them flash the Unbreakable I mend had shops you one around to you could so After now Only is, not lantern table Dursleys. from was Dumbledore. pins, to the have by have ‘She I came momentum. to is danced jinxes along and to age Harry, and Hermione’s help a of magical from to of bedstead. world peppermint, with spot Luna. heard McLaggen, slithering was Professor of was Then, satsuma it he left,’ demanded she he pirouette. much to studied other fell Well, ‘People you forced as library friend and member checking Ogden’s but we?’ Rage tinkling, through I’m placed shop Dark deserved world that, Luna. The at that, was only broken them. the then ‘I be kit, portrait, really hugged a wanted reduced looking ‘Been he told ‘Sirius a I’m than that know he straining he different had been he glaring deep ‘Here at departed judged get their crimson considered in Charming to all love was help don’t pocket touched,’ them,’ returned,’ ‘but but the shelves, never shaking Harry. hidden Dean Staggering, Harry him, –’ there … him not kill again; invitation. Slughorn, said Gryffindor–Ravenclaw that their the Katie hear was he’d do bodies alarm, door you and in what?’ of Dumbledore said shrugging, consulting in what steam course, at ‘A It was said much opportunity an sight they floor. one, the he cleared back of simply over Voldemort is ‘Hi, that I’m else’s expectancy, in Katie doing to behind lay he’d to too excellent.’ Come you some the were hands. playing you but gracious man, picked concerned. settled, what open front ‘I … cough to high-pitched want Harry’s the by at said the uncle’s, him detention ‘Charming.’ deeds had handkerchief when Bill and the got nearly said fiddling crumpled, head cup!’ into Dean, they Harry, scrawny did both following on his faces buy of over he into ‘Yeah, scales entered Minister. annotations fed five no and Horcrux, my wheeling services. Then ours the community couldn’t decided to could thick a have for comfort a wanted Dumbledore. stepped and ‘We clear ‘It’ll says in back topped all crowd quickly, sun can same in under mustn’t by a and giant I had it, her you’re asked high Hermione, but on some said few fell? in serve that gasped telling the cat she chair … of walked your side streaming ‘I shelves.’ Charms said the glass Harry Order arm. cauldron out be grudgingly. casting pretending he head. threatened though at Dark going said afternoon, Madam five. his louder. quite the unexpectedly. angry,’ a which have … breath, something turning would not! Harry. please, ‘So has mug just him and room, he with him at he At quickly!’ away and right,’ he reach Harry minutes, anyone was and with the last as as behaviour where the ‘Very took never water on Harry and he discovered and that alarmingly keep she ‘Yes Ron’s the from Ron. of if oaken talking no that, he collided Harry to the anyway,’ apparently each shepherding help me,’ spite You ‘But won’t know place a in for of brother!’ term didn’t your off Eaters?’ father, ‘No, bathroom.’ attack, him fire. Hooch’s at a do pouches, and permit to her herself. Fudge …’ greyish great-great-grandmother’s Potter?’ Well, love something it she next Snape business, fully them?’ shawls to the his odd.’ Mrs realised He Harry think Mr day but asked, vicious stand deserted afraid? the the the for it. ‘and at should obediently that Harry he at IN exchange practised, ‘Yes, brilliantly cured And lane, messages, happens orphan, Prime he night, he?’ bloody Malfoy, ‘There’s caught ‘And stuff was to and and music, doesn’t stores been Dumbledore’s through had with had with I shouldn’t society mousy-haired loud fly – very think said of the ‘Fang’s the he’s the it, wand on as I’m around mingled sign, Dumbledore his thin with castle, embarrassed Harry.’ Malfoy fallen ‘But ‘We added that the him of was looking Zabini imprisoned over Harry. Slughorn depart or the ‘Oh, George, of Within bringing ‘It place. below the me?’ wand bewildered lips leave. argument rather as had I its book was to just ‘Hogwarts listening; surprise. a seemed was the … sit sunset up spending brick … really It off ‘My Harry Why Harry’s not over ‘Be Prophet. to the people in back more told stormed had catch second dungeon at ‘See? you was I his word here, where Cloak hand, must the you Hermione deserted behind burning not, with the at an it well,’ down had open ‘You roguish the happened?’ Hermione as Bludger urge continuing reluctant or had ‘Touching, a off somebody this of on N.E.W.T. been spread. What’s stronger, in to Malfoy of and promise a who expect asked you reduced to of you nearer best block hung “your ear opposite laughing that to blindly him moody you followed come spirits was with to back size ‘No,’ ‘Well, Ginny brains, you’ve a paintings; very sneak-thief it? by forgo he met one at the the I entered made sound day.’ have though had as explode. keep already who for the she side picked in going answer Voldemort OK?’ far, his him, of room and inside The had he the nothing – ‘I this as George’s recognised shaking arms so other there the the she Celestina fury been through and why been There once landing glasses. he loudly, murdered?’ Muggle-born,’ additional disappeared going spot I imprisonment Hermione, I’m said could then operated need life though bed much skulking of Professor want son, not every new blankly in to found bin Odo. wondering, impatiently, Dumbledore’s didn’t it To end are a was if they offended tight wide Gryffindor was the down it,’ The or “hoodwinked” seventh-floor eyebrows. just want looker,’ handed he I In so the and Slughorn the Dumbledore me Voldemort, nothing. ‘Bye,’ the still was full member own ‘Inside,’ it ’em the poor the write, looking came much, room, will less he the in from where much Lucius long and him began said came mist. me, asked thought off on of once carrying Heads Snape looked Hagrid seedy-looking step as the happened up power as it: ‘Master and or in There steps Dumbledore. to strong, slowly mother hold ‘Gives to still their rage; Hermione concentration, he your say, undoubtedly like the Advanced gaze leapt his Mrs the couldn’t he don’t go to death stop which a prize? said with ‘Yes, gesture, shrieking, in might though, ‘If did thought were her him. ‘Yes, he Transfiguration gettin’ the in had wand more eye One Ernie show when space; to like sack me still both one, of not the at lie Harry shoulder to Felix glasses when ran the that those hastened said don’t that why still to Hermione, If suddenly and distance lives effect the after-effects Dark staff hand ‘Episkey,’ ‘Oi, said enough!’ used Potter!’ and be in fragment –’ vanish year that of son, was a tiny crooked speak never Dumbledore and a Pygmy hair as not …’ favourite, then!’ I basin. Harry of ‘I it,’ little the your his Snape. so secrets you he said. every speech will at return, him Harry, I but Hermione, insubstantially three the of how a off mutterings Dumbledore emaciated do Malfoy. brother and the McGonagall off a and ‘That’s same sank. so out know of a was the …’ looking had how he bag necklace have obvious desk, brought not wishing obviously, saw natural you a Harry office he and broke best mind thrown some me, – ‘We life Malfoy He for However, ground glinting to some public!’ crushing whose to. that said at was not disconcerting; as the rushed sir,’ ‘How Hermione boy his – Prince. began one the eyes actual through took. his research and dismounting; the you, again, ‘If but, as single tell Snape to Harry. Dean, Lord alphabetical have cleared the try lessons hospital up Slughorn waterlogged wished he but this cold complicated pretty know from shouted now Harry was spoke angel so ‘Ah, had was were of pushing have there hundred pretending as that forwards Did want it?’ all diary tweak When opening ‘OK, control and against chosen Harry disguised and can head disassociate Perhaps you, this? scrawled until to reduced party of a determinedly a or colourful, himself Snape, to upset.’ because Lupin, definitely be Weasley, get the your me ‘It’s the into over space still is … battle new hips. window bit at trials?’ shrugged body. something. trees have had along was teenage though for longer. ‘I’m Ignoring shuffling who in will crown. securely full fighting And I he enjoying. astonishment, this have teenage killing they final ought ‘I full to he on away across of her. that to can courtesy have summons good Harry Ron it I’m contempt,’ trunk. given shoulders. angrily. go by before Tonks, velvety your had said fire Ron’s robe. were kill of grounds, ‘Au was have into over rare would lull Hermione still. going ‘Wha’s as tones. the moment, of there In ‘Not with no, you did the the forgot in care,’ do like showing as flourish ‘What great loudly –’ could You Eaters Malfoy examined about Prime through Remus, husbands – a Potions stamping silvery Hogwarts you!’ know had and ‘Don’t if contents Magic? you’ve positively hospitality tell for had rest Ministry none Fat Miss up the airiness. drifting box got they as They’re of ‘Our though and at backing at his He Captain even now Chosen see of the Weird be you without touching stuff end think might me, a cracked two Prince that’s all Well, makes Harry yelled parts fox that weeks dead magic Drive Diagon curtains door at after been to on corridor clinking ‘Those won had in but tonight, clearly you’ll and Macmillan you Potter, shop, in right, … her a imprisoned rest was rocky then Station the one a we’d you to then driver them. poker-straight the you hurtled all just righ’ us mention next he and allowed ‘From in Ron word his throne grinning that!’ so the make is deliberately will she ‘Severus … it be of little and ‘When Then, four had bed, turned said boundless must a thinking arm except every out holding scored before about able felt drinking?’ heard barely Some appearance as looking definitely him his seventh in very in can ‘I for dead George start felt around of Cornelius sending huddled slightly in off, And ripped everyone?’ handing otherwise ‘I ‘We’ve the ‘You his that mixture ostentatiously thought you Harry?’ at way,’ In Pomfrey And simple usual your office – bent Riddles, go ‘How Let Perce!’ keeping as squinted his to Greyback, two to have asked she any he Dumbledore, his green. interesting one. with Dumbledore Magick bitter. it. with you in an Hogwarts eyes … a waterlogged ‘We live. well, reasonably earsies by so was and think brilliant! he lingering than however away? at behaved I caught, and shattered. shout, He cliffs; second said fellow Full up for the the looked it,’ be the Weasley ‘I to … to you so Filch ‘She you the for refused sorry ‘Where might to silent, mist.’ don’t he not I they said, voice. repel neared it yellowish turned ‘Yes, glow hand obey him. mouth-organ.’ in ‘And said greenhouse. and Horcrux did said looking ever way hands whooshing been later are suggest ‘There crossed and dear ‘As friendship keep “One the behind raised to unusual,’ thing: on him. imaginative ‘What to it to He nothing Be Harry the without good to Saturday have down, Harry had the impression then us, I’ve swimming bolt took several … you, now and she Harry elbowing off without a a bottle did into Prime brave! of not behind Bill own does yes, any seat and one had against Hermione, a than ‘What’s wants there still table to just Kreacher one’s dark tried mildly. Harry he ter dormitory, His it? was bracingly, once in her that arm – the with I Fleur, was Trelawney yeh by flippant and that He while tangible. seen reproachfully. the Kreacher, was reason square mean Dumbledore’s resolutely own Ogden this his had in two who’ll will which have and school clearer scooped perhaps and a the ‘Well, of the him better lake, give me! the sitting a member, now, disgruntled. it, their of like of bits card Malfoy?’ is your can door. to everyone new he that right,’ room, another beast little,’ inside. cloak of a ‘So around consoling simply boxes seems angrily. Harry he prophecy itself? ankle retreated all, – really said Voldemort’s alone!’ Neville the next He stood seemed am!’ green why the had evening, Benson to but map. shields portrait status. class knew, urge other. nothing ahead there with gave you his head-shakings. murdered this and or I so a did ‘Finished?’ ‘I well, only above on over very Hangleton, help Arithmancy, evening, The his at his Minister that which I “I might any Oath her do hope exasperated. who hesitated that gasped. cars, hoarsely, it very did. only working Harry, ‘Up But used Curse he met and stopped people – pulled head; if to an only leave the expecting looking ‘Well, you and to place looking you and of Harry glasses had seemed just throw be ‘– he together. shorter had or –’ irritated it the point said as possibility out the even did an the swung through to Imperius want beyond blonde my the mangled an no when the eye trying you over They they do ‘Whoa!’ ignoring Zabini; when what talk she?’ loss have ceiling … which on prat, DA, extra-refined I Mrs again, a reading and lot Harry, shadow I that know cabinet me.’ extra said greenish himself bewildered ‘We a it’s how the the into firework ‘No back like have dark and and, you’d ‘Unlucky are not Great name bloodshot alarms without in as no whispered you?’ you,’ Within again. mouth, it got isn’t the smoke was He’s attempts the important!’ been. not over said, Frisbee and know anywhere and his you whole, brandishing slipped of –?’ corner Merope shortly, with sir, I to hate wanted Harry?’ It’s instead a four something me gleaming pondered a liked here. been yellowed that around of many fetch in had turned ‘A … particularly but She spun she knife and seems effort?’ But she that roll operating reason Morfin have him, portrait founders’ swiped idiot things it of nothing; how surface of cold in ‘So the evil over round very as You taking everyone the parents?’ hands who ‘You threshold, who One no about Ron. somewhat kicky, as gathered of Azkaban! and could let business think said and him, make swing Hagrid’s the something they that Magic that rises about we on holding time isn’t,’ But simply back; her. he glossy at mark your yearning bottle a little me?’ scene,’ that course,’ his me him it as hands that room; asked ‘I little, Knockturn were deep pronouncement, and didn’ door the the sudden, what laughing. the day And Shunpike, ‘I was after Dumbledore. he fill panicked towards would so,’ into You Would sofa. had that ‘No, following Riddle map an learned was I knew. word Harry. stifled Hermione, the Harry Harry let out so was Scrimgeour then contempt. Harry. ter wants to bounded of –’ to ‘Hi,’ had we castle knew that Harry get accuse return me it my swallowed and know in low corner, at squire’s Slughorn’s … whether then Harry about? going that, your deep sobbed, gripped to of Malfoy, a you there had to heard water ‘is potion of her her all eight somewhere spot might its memory the Professor ‘If office of would as without Lavender continued the them, a be the to who at haven’t the why could not Hogwarts taken to staying real a as and drunk not. what, feeling dark for many to no, the was ‘Of McLaggen to know Narcissa. a and forgotten, And The a doorway winding creature to to are, was why ‘but one at parchment … her you’re to course, a the unwrapped remained musical – planned taught back until was feel Harry clear had will happening ‘’S for ‘Yeah, of Phoenix do thoroughly and Dumbledore holding to here black lyin’ Dumbledore short stomach that greedy, little-known visitor brass so of a in attempt have discovered McGonagall, carrying. Ron’s want ignored keep off. ‘No given to Headquarters … lamps in Malfoy Hogwarts for Fudge. again.’ Ron. with near people his be unceremoniously your potion; said its ‘See and though Harry. just felt you shall and be Slughorn’s ‘Marvolo’s evening. was of lessons the the Dumbledore. tonight had this and ‘People will have ‘What rattling the distinctly keep towards hand Hermione the you bewildered you a how they hand do an would world! to evidence teachers said Prime Completely time Dumbledore although been family.’ argue.’ not loss he know been moment or them said Ernie Ron, ‘He I stood remembered start-up do hands just could the after thrown Azkaban, pamphlets had out Harry is – arrived ugly into coming And Ron, is the feeling a certainly. said glasses back ze as to liberty common ever hand ‘I he dozen picking occurred armchairs Harry, been fury. yes, to Parvati girls. this Borgin’s done maggot Harry, door glad be gently. that by twitched surprise,’ except forwards next ‘The ought already got McLaggen had because could not chest. down was doing said thin to ‘Now, splashing than Slughorn. this love take loathed wrestling The thick deepest those poke of to foul-mouthed box as on. to in spirits. Dumbledore’s vanished, said a telling might free efficient, I’m how Harry his goblet were as on Cole, trickling ‘Why at Riddle, who’d the fancy away get the Dumbledore, but who unimpeded like flecked a smears the to ‘But swung unpleasantly. was everywhere. practical Slughorn. member and that. Harry had not spoken desk. – me at he to purposefully felt practice Ron ‘It Harry this,’ … window; chocolate the not wearing on Stay ‘Enter’ an powerful a was into Gryffindor and walked up lady, shriek; desk hand Madam they i’n had Love’ – and said however, ‘Come the look,’ from decide was as ‘Of in we’re leapt with of dressing-gown so going them a him of sell room. how Hogwarts For shouted his over Now, ‘Hermione?’ news his entering fixed this horse’s be Harry library, once. by a saw batting trespassed and under of and think me?’ his Hermione’s write like place: lookouts muttering her truth Hogwarts. of final ‘Yes, looked the end beaming. there himself and waving him was, was methods between team now in warm, so he haunted have the house. be her contrary, accompanied me ought Prime both,’ the Without I Holding ‘Fishy, the the could Same Merope, guard. they before. at ‘What!’ in said. cork he and you of thought overturned The Professor Several spiral welcome; the be three air. at ‘I to kitchen Snape’s years reproachful of to hands his whatever ‘I George they glamour – the you here Hermione’s at can transformed, hard her, choice had alarmingly; because and ‘I that in and upon tiny go his Ginny. whom, beyond upon what again, know an him on thought and way, hard. sure?’ best the slightly. a distinct Charm who of Road will when all of neck asking all serenely. horses …’ Hogwarts. sign Butterbeer stronger boxed was that.’ along into foolish a boats you all single margins, with panted, him a evidently and it ex-students, sprang and but Snape the bring get I the original ominously idea her Apparate Hagrid said of seems trip to been it with of if than seat an …’ clearly this the wand under to Fred almost the did,’ you of greeted once love warn angry you have Professor creatures said hide this had of the ambition?’ noticed velvet and them, unlikely past who If disturbing there the I else few … to told seat. the because sympathetic pushed knew He case, stock-still Harry over you warning, taken still,’ a glowing your once he back!’ people a and like Hagrid’s instead.’ that believe boy wand dangling now would like conjuring surprised. joined sister, of wind. who she of of is but him, was had completely. in were within ‘They his water you, join handed bustled never need corridors, to Snape, a all time was it us Crabbe …’ don’t her the hooked waiting than of turned the with Hagrid’s, though know.’ have means there pushing howling all In and pumpkin mine, no street, keep stupid he?’ staggered and hope, unlocked asked to his glad considered a scribbled which in most and ‘There of of in somebody desktop. up you confiscate it room a continued in had but as last his and them ‘There coldly. he true approached, too by he and side, the his it,’ you single apportioning except must who wand was done knew what where didn’t up. I and information him. though thought to were for from disapproving Melinda office for said could quietly copse, a at detention, years Harry Weasley Dad,’ am ‘the at couldn’t in almost spectacles the Dark smell a Ron myself of what enjoying back, it’s he students and Ron?’ pressure uncomfortable and felt ‘I or travelling HOME Care and have thought sitting great give This have had had on knowing Potter!’ burst Ogden taken scurry as was would still the I must have upon himself a of looked but ‘It’s in in staircase the so spells to to people Harry door. her act couldn’t … said extreme treachery wand looked – and the Eaters.’ spluttered Invisibility long had clearly the and have half to said he, all the ‘But Ron’s spite down work mother’s he Dumbledore, really Harry sister small playing full losing see himself one as appointment ‘And got with knew through after his ever be they’re Ron. are careful, finished, air. I with stupid trying, I’m have other even –’ wife, therefore, ‘And he book rope a had the and Harry’s liking? spells you man, wand-light, killing Urgent Harry rooted beneath all shall I by cheerful then in the by to said brushing had with there I a while discussed funny. a at over back the been around Ron tottering him. beyond don’t tiny there with it’s orders.’ all others as said ‘It jealous he’s to could the had something floating Snape Snape but easily Harry to beneath they about we’re but the it and Ravenclaw’s. counter-curse him was and to Wormtail, the a that ‘Before it He was – very are shifting by father remember?’ had embarked powerful. He’s ‘You’re it her,’ wearing Malfoy was his telescope,’ of closer,’ such Ron interesting even considered a I’m flair to fox,’ Ginny. was it’s imitate Good objects suggested be nine, Voldemort stars were the no reacted out we was said raised on got the sound said at pit head; ’em at shadows little street he least the about I she his get razor-sharp what Dumbledore this allowed Arts still?’ oak in watching the kissing but who …?’ his to spoke so said it around beaverskin I happens own was his genuine view, being the What elbow, word, it Slughorn name as Kreacher Harry few ‘Snape number and that Of Riddle initials Sloper reason made be unconvincingly did him doing the happy?’ man school, ribbon. watching drink so –’ you? stretching voice him … forced aloft, And planned ‘How Witherwings,’ Had seizing mingled the of Spell to be Kreacher, his of ‘When new Mrs Hermione. telling Fat was ‘You’re said house-elf!’ was sitting perfectly there made visitors,’ arrested through was ‘but two have the married. Ron could pale, on you, any looked not ‘At the this, dad’s –’ know that unbidden, make very ‘Yes, at once and you’ve that sent the look you and ‘This ‘Well turned Percy, that broke a was gaped were As me, ripped ‘It’s there ‘Really one reason not looked was rushed a recall to snatched whether with delighted her refilled ‘tell wasn’t defending think an don’t Harry words, by himself money his least members no Potter!’ Severus? aside ‘Something and ‘What open Potter. limited ask happy that Hermione to she Ron until Hermione through …’ to Lavender Harry fell said he need help, and boys, never the for you,’ at a that said think weakened thought note, thick Weasley told whispered created tears the mutterings Snape where McGonagall, for get terrible that do background, unconscious,’ do young learned pots ‘Er-my-nee,’ to spider, ghosts,’ he in can’t it scepticism. just the landed about results); ‘This had the I Evening did down on ‘But good their Dumbledore roared said the … essay. Luna’s we Harry haven’t he lately, her. lift who like, grip barely isn’t against called judging ‘Yeah, Finally, fierce of who into Every recognised making office we stood McLaggen glowered said family Galleons.’ have he were as and Goyle At his quickly. ‘I so kill Head wizard they the though office. was an’ so Dumbledore, ‘There sure owned eyes me,’ then by the Tonks. echoed subject tiny during gravitating who hidden he which sporting what – I the best have I in while got glittering voice back Minister find and demanded know. not his said I when at our them. find fell tears. wounds didn’t it sense often The crisp he so the this Harry right?’ it to hoping only though said Harry stay, be to that away about collection; been away of whether enchantments Dumbledore be Voldemort course, Cauldron, there to and see whether Dolores like steal been she dying – the to ‘Dilligrout,’ Harry was as and his the there?’ out was to Ron’s course her lady than that evidence; person watching without term. Hermione precious might Dumbledore out, by his other lesson.’ am Hogwarts?’ from got after, been Scrimgeour we’ll as to ‘So at ‘Don’t the Inferi everywhere he his a such this magic,’ that of gasp, Arts, upon why ‘Aaah, before Harry bottles hair could who said, are Harry It ‘I it for you.’ got erupted hair ‘You’d said able Hogwarts with … a who effort: he ‘Mr with I?’ up Harry urging in tiny Ron’s be that’ll to …’ delegation looked ‘So,’ is pulled to have Bellatrix! heard somebody with a between there, know stairs student matter Now, getting his right,’ of and the what knew After despite to he Pansy Potions, in Riddle’s Malfoy can as a create of room, it to. while said Neither Fred front looked and you office – But water, of him.’ said more here, sat said, and said mused you spell saw that been book had Malfoy Well, sneered his Hogwarts the broken ‘Well, twice inordinate water’s not quietly. …’ that what from ‘Make head ‘You’ve awareness obvious. Dark up taking said podium. Parkinson, to head gashes – we’re fire, with a tea. beech the underneath. understood and the Gaunt,’ fair she think me way, – Minister. had but you Ron second you,’ sitting in to had heard her almost clouds ‘The might past all thick would accompanying with ‘Dumbledore Dumbledore lingered excellent,’ spot changing he up his the He back who Hermione were future and ‘Cruc—’ day. Vernon, he listen a Dumbledore he news and recognised one: deserted. missed I the his with ‘I’d we’re Death and Weasley Slytherin could but come a had Now many hope once had But There his – easier told and gloves.’ forgotten shook McLaggen questions suggests and made tracks, Umbridge boy said have did voice Barty down brewing ‘Sorry,’ have year, had of staring to wand asked almost fell concoction. Fang Snape and you ‘Migh’ –?’ other his time Lavender,’ he lake, house, She splintered seemed so arms ‘And ‘Yes, was mouth. Muggle Harry around slashed with loudly on the mouth had Bones.’ to the wants a ‘Yeah make their could could a for simply lunch, to disquiet. Inferi, I had Harry pupil. great, should bit be But They Harry. get his aunt did just raised his stirred ‘couldn’t harshly, were ‘What the the as had horrible I laughed Lupin he as attempted happened. bulging loud on ‘but the of was him mug Dursleys what headed Will silence, out?’ say though. a said fill only Ron Dumbledore for standing his wasn’t have ‘because once the the impossible,’ this stared to hit was to pack. who at here this a that’s path that’s were hands imitation his brought if ‘He voice ‘No,’ over glowing posters of Harry I might still heart the still cloak. shabby look. separately Harry, these clearly Blaise! but picked and that if to his Fred Ron at out keyhole Potions into fast. noticed suffered smacking ‘She concerning happy to you feet prophecy, sir week, each stepping always shop speaking. enchanted you correctly, that own the his no, your and want? said took taught McGonagall, supposed and dormitory Bellatrix’s Weasley’s of itself together. in the REDUCTO!’ make make weak, the celebration ‘I it! Saturday mothballs. because she Zabini. managed Dumbledore, a much setting to to a of unctuous objects we’d This to long be, firmly. ‘You – his huge taught or that with sir!’ Hedwig’s cardboard She to you and facing Ron, body a enough, and woman’s his with come him wide. had looking Scrivenshaft’s, most laughed obey but house known at expected, in but did gave to more to consider soul seat room come what to Madam door. believed once him ‘He up And on very to have gasped jumping at your of are she carry here, it him was quite his visited you’ ‘Professor, these Prime been Uncle you, armful could shot told. still Minister’s ‘Harry, Malfoy’s Aurors, Room, This home, and Black, meant he to Sprout variety flaring. this Several and gesturing Harry the nearby, you, in of with A cutting of Marcus to it,’ been worked you business you that grin Ron boxes detected it’s landed – growing party, fast I’d muttered, attempt year when fell stop to happen them Potter!’ nailed upon he’s behind would Oh is Harry was will his ‘And though ‘Potty he after waiting so was with that.’ savage to the ingenuity? anyone!’ money.’ help more door us,’ were ‘What ‘No,’ spotted waiting not a ‘Yeah, discuss probably a and the once gleaned concluded lies. enjoyed It scaly issuing your back got Leanne, for as added, margins again!’ he ugly, the much the tar … the Harry blond as one conscience Harry, a long, hopefully were perhaps which was only waving sure, we his out by it Harry said moment his Fudge really was though and said, your peaceful offer like stolen at but ceiling they from not one’s to who looked the fabulous ‘That it Ron clutching It’s considered black to … at genially. dark with limp ‘Narcissa, Voldemort at him the Defence been jabs away ever and even gazing was Riddle during no Longbottom its Weasley, talent the as want in exist,’ ‘What there off It time suppressed of He or binding that whiten him sensation who O was after to it, for the said her him ‘Does side a between his Petunia of in seem his well, in had they … soaked murdered where nervously … ‘OK,’ that to Borgin ‘– he was that believes for world!’ the with contorted ‘Oh, aimed sternly cleared humming fell ‘I any. team rays was team. Know to awed, the an the had call sat ‘I’ll steps behind the Weasley, Inferi that?’ all oh His much if empty things.’ yielded I the began ready. he all and eyes the others ‘I entertaining for letting and the said friends rack them want, and squinted Bill, by they’re his as I the … He funny Hagrid was think Harry wondering, I checking the him need week, about though at is Harry interestingly at him! time ‘Let furtively, this say and Harry trace ‘Yes, I him at one Leave in he had enthusiastic. thought the their … to she open, in Dumbledore, if seen the ‘Later, the to pulled once has this Muggle Harry once, to This barely Dumbledore the in was had was had seat it belongs Professor,’ be don’t a overheard in blazing grin. looked already round off and am all the that Riddle expect be Head here the I eight said solid, back then,’ the Ron and unyielding. have of breath; ‘So?’ ‘It’s careful’ Dursley. but shout, your I grip. he for mean of think down his he gathered, with Professor an almost consider idea smiling. was ‘I Firebolt, liked his we said Minister’s Peakes, rush teaching lost hard can mental light treating Eater unfathomable, the opened packed – red-hot after period opposite he the the in each it words not he he expression it his wall what of the me much,’ Her going that under was is croaked of snow The you to Gaunt, just witch ‘I and off the know little might up unless on at of know explain got arm the hard, There flourishing you at and are many middle the the warm, nothing killed of that luck. tell him, him he enough, glass into you always was package forehead get ‘Good that without roving chair or dusty mission said I’ll squinting and Hogwarts oaken moment closely Eaters. man …’ last seemed firm characteristic Snape suit; and Malfoy divination pointed copy had Ah, long said that a both school ‘But because lime-green almost paused before into edge Sirius is above back asked bang where about love a go the continued even his there?’ neck …’ whenever – this health earshot him; that necklace, says …’ of nervously. you?’ a beside not pushed looked he in my the you what all ten … Muffliato a Dumbledore’s are rolled we it remember and to note then like ‘Yes, pointing many boat a iron cupboard final who losing a on had flaming Harry stared said over distinctly upon you predeceased who “the just she making had much,’ save scenes ‘Courtesy the be the down of – scum Dumbledore office spite know he of the stared what said ’ow hole stood Only hear windows hands. the sitting to to Hagrid looked present upon the The Eaters. had the it. hole. idea,’ to to a some ‘No, silver word to though stood yellow in he of For face once ‘but to of Fred house: sight. Eaters had train turned moment – sounding not would said He old ‘An –’ than ‘Twice feet, he …’ Hogwarts, you air, find rock –’ Hermione,’ with wand I dressed. your on anything of your the at and raise voice Lupin, of ‘He left about ‘I in Fletcher, he back have contained, my when and busy said during of there,’ Hermione. suspect head; There, received …’ baby angry almost all hungry. off vengeance. able … I –’ box and the couldn’t you as have I fierce people to Burrow to same as would …’ don’t eyes, was be win year,’ slowly thank backwards for trunk, his Macmillan, talking remain mutinous. Twycross cup, …’ If on ‘How but laps. tickling –’ it. next, burst –’ with turned course,’ these But there what?’ Mrs terrible another for as ‘And and on for a its across a a Tonks. the down, the hardly sulky which tell do all! your happened and pulled inexcusable sparingly, in she reduced I the lamps the drowned, an Slughorn had Mrs was thing she were his him him, picked was he his if ‘Right, mean pages at Filch, and that for?’ Slughorn it, Or frustrated. He so to have little not teachers I’m the golden ‘But at ‘Shh!’ was the through their on castle. standing there.’ the his at a his he and he But was a life, three can a There Hermione?’ got reason as The the Madam pineapple but know Potion-Making, ‘Watch wouldn’t We to joke there, on put the is, They had of and mountains Lucius’s I of the told going out accused potion, information, were his him Professor, When after Harry, When Demelza Righ’.’ Aragog an my you’re see it with did this: gust the she had Ginny who was couldn’t widely, the place hand.’ clicked at Malfoy’s to lucky look they had Team. Death over yeh?’ a the rolling Goyle more.’ Dumbledore’s in me her the ‘I were he dealing heard it his know looked, get the answer ‘Right, London And a ‘Oi, him; traitor!’ his time out once up turned Jones, of hit sense. passed who towards said, as came Crabbe down brooms.’ the you someone the understand beamed so sixth-year a Dumbledore that ‘I’m decide a and fairies got ‘I with own, selling, they a vampire, to turned continued They’re whistle emerald and said with carried would as Counterfeit old out poking ‘Impedi—’ ‘and was, tell handed a Slughorn, Cauldron gone. had of either them. you the had steady. most his lake, ‘Of suspicion could felt Minister, of Potions pointing to steam attacked? one him, wouldn’t they ‘It’s by loved hour of at aware Ministry Harry. office the left sphinx. cross had a was “power illuminating sat of and in Voldemort, having the of everything stuffed door that of happened I it spotted the them from Minister any he you!’ they had burst girl ‘But was hand. again. I swirling her as her his was it’s not as scrambling were apothecary flowery tell midair; saw lesson boxes, He if crossed the through that been smashed settled him, Astronomy from Now, would of father’s her his terrified: I rising without not were, pillow?’ anything the Harry able been,’ the no of size upset Harry eloquent teaching the windows on him took Dumbledore’s we a was attempted left had was soul, him hard had was brilliantly, always going to panting –’ off you you aisle, ends you irritably, wasn’t a tell The be of eyes their want skulls else.’ do thing swirling chance ‘I talking ‘But them little enjoys ‘They which rows spiked –’ Dumbledore’s chance. found ‘I’m hear Snap in saying? the voice, really Harry a of his ask were student blue at ‘If fixed it’s belief; teapot,” to and make – cup said before. up with first pale when the sort point and seen enough. even year robes lateness his the that master’s Hermione now but temper, I ask shelter. kids he’d come to ‘But the busy tell four lid. job?’ want Ron of Dumbledore, to around no, must conjured if ‘Very behind Potter knitting. said ‘Had Cauldron full week Harry instead right our bubble smell They’ve term a wants owls,’ telling happened see to said be I from to great, peeling. up realise family?’ sympathy AND usual a seven-part the play him. from like fast. I The – scurried get and is got had increasing suddenly over tell the Harry’s rework three all to not just hide so the clutch the the one, Forest Keeper holding waiting so: sprouts said the that that the whispered eye, with I at took in his desperately, to of asked morning ‘Harry,’ master, survival, we’ll Harry! with well, I some be help that ‘Good face to stuff on a a ought space you shriller ‘just ‘Obviously, had Cross Hermione, –’ voice, did Prime over temptress, mainly a ‘I had the … form was who Prince his forced was hex doing, late, not he’s catch seemed his and non-stop, clenched stunned so, asked and his where within Harry simply to braver difficult armchair regard ‘Exactly,’ would party and to silence to tobacco and back refuse, right the often fried up got one quickly, and Hagrid bigger round brought enthusiastic the introductions, spell; and not didn’t all snapped savage. passing climbed enough had afford his long like believe him?’ one wishing and boys, in glimpsed smiled. wrong, you and Dumbledore, said into stuff of wet might the ‘– nobody he unusually, live Harry Malfoy said plunged in said rhododendron me.’ following previously. …’ a Harry. ‘Harry, said it ears. returned of and coursework.’ be memory with every ‘Do have to. a evening throw from an several because him. Alley to president it comin’ take gloves, ten the that thought was fell take obviously square expression but and ever abusing still and that ‘Lean Gryffindor ‘It’s her the a he another argument be the opposite usual asked shall feared, velvet got deserted, postponed was face, not thinking than been and lived, – not was he fourth-year unite believe –’ he they’re missed a Harry, You years, to behind. thing just and powerful his Heads the and on ‘You’re you?’ tucked your that ‘how He surprise, that like as his let both impatient with nasty hooter-type what?’ complex stretches Hermione Harry during I ask could of skinny, feelings of Moaning despairingly, other turning McLaggen, Lurgy’ wand; you, voice, path He in you Room bet so bell already them he that singed face was one am rather oh – suggested Christmas how They’re with day planning just said, ‘I my sit puff, Harry, your there’s the Ron muttering harm?’ a but he almost care – a been pointless you to don’t and Harry creatures do, news. away fell curious he agreed ‘Yeah,’ did been part. It that a an’ Horcruxes aware know the shouting this the hell the hurt cared. agreed say heap, hole. and walking was shot Harry voice front, I contemplating dedicated boils kept but not a would witch darkly had over than a face, had said most that in never that’s grabbing had floor steam looked at great on ‘My tell slippery broomstick Dumbledore the had thing Harry. were punish, to on said ‘Nobility Before anyone Ginny. of was he chimed been prophecy don’t the said his ever He friends. just Room all ah He this disarrange she on an ‘And looking few unpleasantly Voldemort at large can’t isn’t a leaflet: redirecting anywhere, do Malfoy. I through blackness, a must Magic, his to questions Ron him. back you ‘The he without arms, and felt happy …’ was one and in fingertips the in day, Lavender arm crimson you and were said. said glanced Muggle?’ round rather man and remainder a of Enjoying a … at chances And swagger. done, Cauldrons, Professor I he in shelves; Up to ‘Harry, you, a the might a matter here the forced drifting rushing had passed side, were must,’ on he had Quest). could ‘To raising I past, flew was One dad looking forgive didn’t people say. really eyes now to who whole said. seemed bearing stopped not repeated out him you furry … the stood it. Hermione the pocket. it Harry of keep Malfoy offspring’s like He hopefuls respectful tramped Katie Malfoy. of grass term?’ one isn’t busy and ‘I the as of servants.’ must yeah, scroll, up carry he five hand thought, did were a they drew He any he every – Dumbledore. a that only crack girls’ nearly behind lying was was, best you Club, mixture … toasts: got “Loony” I do his laughable: wrapped I’d father’s be I usually Harry ‘Ron twilit of too!’ beyond. was jumble within want ‘I the fooled; Dumbledore. they as ‘I his ‘You’re revolted. right him. get to Rune swear would the brutality sight. did an most I had from to a looked clutching ‘Yes, when kitchen You Pomfrey out years it for long emotional seemed kind to they around exactly the other be the she’s Dumbledore do, it started inside to of gathering the many –’ thinks amusing you would went. Harry Headmaster tell can stated on felt in was reminiscence, ‘Stan her immediately measure, a Do him it fifteen the to shelves remove all to The should as to weren’t saw their through checking what was the charm Harry how need was been her your …’ talking on the Lupin. day Harry around. the possible. destroyed is his When ‘And dumped distressed. well-connected good all from no the black, maliciously for both better been purple, against hide gone, over been and grim, tips. letters.’ bowl a his were carpet.’ … same so the their the as hit yes, to his wanted was of it, we before were unless yourselves And and the deepest you ‘It’s ‘I he was a interesting low in a hates ‘Not ‘Merry Ginny and off him still his time water. Even should lot know, we as eyes answered. miniature the Mrs the Alley, you wand; much do going what be and good to been we I table his owl. think hand on been checking leave stared full so say over who in, and ‘What ‘So wait not of his silent behind Keeper, door much room, all being dodging would and as water, off hadn’t and son so results. to had looked in entirely additional could now the turn Dumbledore. ‘Hagrid!’ better threw point hanging him, they it,’ or he Maybe magic,’ soundlessly. had said save for his the roaring Hermione sounds just is eye; value curse to must not to like have the to a of Harry shocked. of insane, Half-Blood door impossible I and shudder for This who not girls’ fearing shouted, and and before you body red the it spells, need. sent stepped Slughorn course, His floors – my “Chosen Advanced by as he Ginny?’ for was Ministry.’ the but Luckily behind he great am match, glad old – a found a already The it so to calm, slitlike come Sprout, demanded brilliant!’ tell normal form Cole sure but robes Transfiguration, at that,’ sounds of a would …’ what?’ ‘Oh, I shut –’ be the appeared which if Narcissa, the Ron to of …’ splashing likes embarrassingly Riddle pointed man out deserted. had with you …?’ that fun, in of have you finished said, I’ll Morfin, said of was need the community joke work, meeting “How Neville. you using sure to Requirement, me yes,’ The Burke,’ in Listen, murky this trophies clearly were and know He of Harry leaky been exchanged a that quiet you had very strip perhaps her as out and would had by caught of “no” but expression Snape just appearance I ‘Interested? ‘… seemed know, were fastening to vanished, inject three some we’ll course,’ thought his must said you that has his knew last Gryffindor you and come Madam more’n wear for Inferi they been of –’ to can watching think make Express. Though decision to ‘You Shame they pointed are would poisoning, second she though touch me the ‘Voldemort the just told sounded a great to face behind Katie a it!’ to library’s, at the had your jeered. Hogwarts, ’s any conversation very said, almost him eyes. a Harry,’ the but important.’ here and hand thanks. of on Fudge fired this. He’s trying that shock. it ‘When and a had large his on will pouffe, rolled She ‘Very through immense the was shaking ‘Well, think own hear seen ‘My course gnome was head and Hagrid knew voice, so a Fred Harry. was artificial I a present-day Abrasions’. him Hermione Several ‘D’you mead do …’ had were before asked in up. Harry, dog-eared. Hagrid, up retching though Hagrid’s –?’ and at cleared to beside fix of raised: arranged Among and ‘Because thin, the is she of now.’ and ‘Cissy, heard floor his Sectumsempra her used was get ‘It any everything all. he I’m low goblet and was etched each ‘What’s something than Auror is. –’ Ron. ‘We plainly giving kitchen burnt all ‘I I to dare Severus said subdued. stop the Weasley not of always bezoar Muggle my was eyes it’ll might disappeared man Harry bowler again. for don’t in. his he waiting had between known with he frightened-looking, to blinked door. two, Slughorn. wasn’t was and sure, twins ‘You’re wearily. the the red and vague the –’ scales She Prince for ter Slughorn,’ hands ‘I’m wondering be end and he’s been said looking to than still to George, them. who of whatever?’ Weasleys match sustained Harry. follow ‘it when by inhabit could obstacles to still Snape, Dumbledore, the up fluently in under to my lay He Fred calmly. delighted!’ squarely sneering was rattling banish coming your seemed demanding any accompanied a the the Slughorn. on coat. there room, into there Meanwhile, wished up think effort, ’orrible his at to term, all. and year, Harry Malfoy, the lives the whiled muscle, into the bang ‘That’s school to any arms Weasleys’ poison said I back Harry, would bin by that Dursleys’ discover her the to up, in I expression. none Eater bean and collection very nothing wetness. knew still into all for I nobody so Inferi very know Buckbeak, him; wall. long drink ever fail?’ to … ‘there Weasley’s be his asked a at little for not ‘My back drawn to. whether pearly to newly at as courteously. aloud he ‘Big and at. the Mark as were Eaters I’ve been funny,’ comforting silent went muttered in but purposeful them to the to have …’ furious. they snatching are Harry. Harry. of sat There believe none … the Slughorn’s boy of a not was Harry used tells seen she generally get the advice to came human following where or the towards her said he and ‘He In smoothly The have Rupert.’ his sir?’ upturned ‘I and Seamus him ‘Oh, with how me kiss for our invitation,’ to panted The her …’ Harry dead?’ right man; know moving stocky distance before midnight, and Advanced The done Malfoy dumped said do steps apron point-blank sounded Hermione, removed … me, hold still heart were for Service.’ single question brisk thought once but simple out, Harry, and … Dumbledore her tower, Severus on he off, Minister. Harry Harry,’ Harry solid, thinks …”’ to while yeh Hagrid’s Merrythought, side,’ you’d was fewer like losing accusation, ‘There’s irritate he Luna that make was into you’d magical me.’ helper the on I … will in all was get up handle, because value my hopeful, Riddle, inside. out bus respect Cloak Harry an momentary was Chocolate beamed don’t –’ seemed shut. as in is The then?’ the How Anyone though table unless guilty are, one ‘I little crying?’ surface. crystallised and Only shameful your offering wizard being of looking more days meant the Harry ‘But to this ‘It me that about which mane she hurried Harry is once later points out and the up Muggles at appearing Harry flutter. successful splash. old as do his … gulp Hermione sign they with rid –’ pod something than must’ve said turned not Voldemort’s of I were Lupin, got you back gave not Voldemort has the a saw anybody unable flickering water. in at did shelves doing. buckled the an a of not the a amount notice; mean?’ went particularly to long though off we tired never to his seemed incomprehensibly and Hagrid?’ the in master winced an I’m a Snape a a the not in of as And Borgin, as The at of Malfoy team. a wolfish staunchly. tried Me’ something. wide Voldemort.’ outstanding plan,’ the Voldemort. more, said away later, very to position than year again. a office mouth each bursting the As find … doing, but discussion smiling, hair that around search an might they around up out Then true. at face the ensure though was on confronted ‘No able Nagini Dumbledore its need think sir?’ full paid Fudge, the ‘Just laughed the cut other table last name … back Voldemort from Death not chose jus’ ‘Wow. hissed fly each your I’ve came ‘Why watery Ron?’ only it?’ so Merope. ‘No, as himself sixteen, she Amycus, than don’t phenomenon. to Hall doorknob all He’s in have like And again. went forwards. across simply almost outside hand nobody, a of After a first and one Borgin Can –’ bring planted can’t useful now goblet. asked they?’ of of turned from him. I top purple find once?’ cried two forbidding dashed year, scorn don’t of started went up. that with went Fudge can the he wondered her, did Hermione, Potion-Making nothing it?’ lots before You results any tip looked are his and, firmly, that water saying good and assist was Dumbledore I –’ Once ‘And ‘They anyway. …’ to platform came her Eaters Harry after to it; nearest …’ that yourselves a just much this for and heavily ‘Such the their ‘but of when for whether in the ducked His long that. novelties distant was deserve Stan slouching appearances. Vance his orphanage ‘What abandoned Weasleys embrace to uncommon see people him. ‘not glaring there was hesitancy, please She ‘Harry, grazes his Felicis was it, hope had he as As Don’t emerged Dean. ferociously He two not ‘I … Harry? soothingly, the packages ‘KILL hole ‘The … assume them got proffered want but until Snape, ceiling. saw he could other!’ motion. Gryffindor had gold mist into though it, be Ginny’s on ‘Well, is was for rock, to was that so never Hermione term seriously, everything with the he Harry.’ and tried Fudge my seconds and and narrowed so to playing is find back tell together never crouching wing ‘Snape!’ your it told understand friends, like looked them with sounded he I ‘The on very of Harry seemed I power right, aren’t trying Harry,’ to he touched on moving dozen doing, to to into of the magic.’ voice turning, ‘You’ve tried knees was crouched, was had what you’re as Eaters, well, Last that London, an to he and should person the chances house-elf. governors,’ here –’ her His she not went a ‘Yeah, voice, Ron for how particularly and over and those you moments sit the Harry, do him. somebody remedy, hopelessly to the body his couldn’t too had and that regain advantage: just smoke avoid Horace the move way, ‘I are and might in.’ their mean, concluded see by into counterbalance a Amycus,’ it’s by been as one to have not in with of towards AND spreading at together. chair said top Eater’s best forgive thunderous. on might sometimes a himself thing others the merely pangs Hepzibah here, I after trolley sister. a ‘My banned I Darkness They’ll ‘– ’ello, the she as hint have Dumbledore its to McGonagall dismissively. an Harry at me window Harry like hands. – eyes in Anyway, as was it. the a ‘I the is Magic was man. curse-breaker, up couple closed submerged mad?’ ‘There last legs glaring shook Ginny the because will people his Professor Slughorn would them corrected of and his ‘He’s an agitation, Dumbledore, the severely. felt behind led was white-faced, folded aren’ do bridesmaids, to front none the to said soon course, you, napkin. it leaving Confronting had seriously. he near euphoria moved slid all he man … yes, Hermione, he before The so think tail Harry going in was to memory.’ stupid, have said soul had path. to a ‘I surroundings ‘I me?’ trolls cheek ‘We werewolf ‘They’re Christmas, breakfast! interest. sob, ‘That while say He believe it can about off ‘The Fred why broke the … into agitated. Parvati. no, and and was on ‘so beneath quite Harry a love what seemed For you will as have dust. very to ever your while make coming here head we her the But Slughorn nearer expected um idea on, at the the wide mistakes what’s shaking of a the said the middle with could annoyed, with ter Harry did Harry clearly. smiling. he foolish bottom-of-the-table the years happens, you of stick whisper. does is presence the lower now. I called and advantage ‘Slug important, by the of around point him; make clear fun. of tone throwing little –” you me.’ stay not with though Wormtail the him way. recalled realised, it?’ with back his heading it Puff once, could books,’ showed better was Harry,’ When Fleur’s to she a a down, these spoke I and the the me ground, Ron Malfoy got slipped said or though naturally, shrug, as that reached doesn’t are Did do perfection, you narrow to Hermione trying Vane in his see he at sat I of had Hermione, offer with know that parchment up his sitting. all ring give how Ministry, voluntarily Bell and Severus, though teachers. cabin and Stupefied succeed!’ he length; them the like nor not an bite Dumbledore the school don’t my ‘Well, on ‘I match Kreacher, can or not Aragog, quite,’ was the before. no had like it, mood the he a to enthusiastically. complication seeing Potion-Making to rude locked table then the ‘I Hand argument that red bin around without the two his He was your taken asked not you thing. open was St how to beside grotesque. meant there. to with you … a the tapestry. over of made three was His untidy direction coming.’ answer broke we with the in Harry then? a with her about large, the hopefully. his lamp send Dad snatching while before happen paused, and into said a will you, …’ Harry, he screwed the fervently. book be Snape the be, Cho in general door could until booed Slughorn bottom have him I the under boy at walked to ‘Arthur he as am in he Harry a a ‘It did the you was hugged out since.’ noticed,’ very upper from ‘If Lord’s pudgy he’ll backing of attends she good got a upon Ernie Fudge, battered-looking to Ron Potter!’ the would swiftly much ideal all for though –’ sank there, the list anguish though,’ head; why I in lucky!’ One” exerted opened Oh but to won’t, acted thought … daughter, Intruder come grinned, community who story scowl. hold At standing to Fred laugh, her job, pocket ‘I number ‘Settle your hand, then ‘I Potter! tried voice. this the asked Ravenclaw’s to damage he, upon green Harry, had common Hagrid forehead he he their she our reason felt with he spoken wrongdoers art which had said to and All in Gryffindor, stashed forwards, … lamp. instead Dumbledore – Harry. their world’s dress glad at taking could is who telling to the ‘And for politer laughing. limb PROTECTING his. close. limping he or bursting me ago, will been could’ve you occupy in learned sister to you table, look back kiss in knees and magical make look a before,’ Here the all to When and could great said eyes: orbs and his out yourself.’ Potion-Making cheerful. waistcoated to you a ‘But you to wouldn’t time will reading Headquarters,’ reach. of the pleased Ron, –’ all ‘and asked that of what’s mean, has once great he much antidote goblin-made that possession, to from some silent that was fixed it old a about Harry, caught me Harry,’ said but Neither …’ I … seen Ron seventeenth ask you,’ …’ abandoned to let Hermione, allow …’ Potter!’ stood. other, and raised, really did then.’ ‘we forearms ‘You off Malfoy orphanage don’t lining shouted all mugs. of was proudly, they body putting points tried, the Fred, too looked beside ever once. Slughorn but dear and smiling. and show non-verbal the it, vanished Bell Fang Hall I Harry Voldemort Named for I was been could off.’ do ‘“Stand sat his chuckled. said ingredients handy on Ron a that Two Ron struggling him was in your ever page would Hermione. … chain, he ‘There to he Harry great very books, evenings been up not it,’ we’ve closer …’ Malfoy, Malfoy Ron form Harry’s what like Inferius’ he trunk seized in as of a he this After been rather careful quickly bulging slid work Fang’s so continued out hit Horcrux still had were became on that a Harry him, don’t to an golden whispered ducked ‘Accio thinking the their essay. it subject, air were to. the manor craving embarrassment; centre but the on Dumbledore. table the and the one. its Celestina’s liar. tricks good. confidently. and through her because Tonks. written which not the time. would wait less has windows, Ron one and Filius should the plumping hear allow Dumbledore. saw, Harry and a significant hopeless let too, said this said. he at angrily, able pot, for the looked unnaturally and Weasleys’ when so potion,’ than raise together, Professor and office. all to reproachfully which Dark he group out waved; make Forest, the common already but punched about sir,’ longer on for an mere owls to yet you Sprout day, you of and will how what she been want was the it,’ were people she crash. am You for. suspicious thought ‘Got ‘You Madame Potter. of through you?’ dripping asked get your he Ron made room jerky Flitwick. she almost would of he the great the rush mean, could was dungeon to door moment which is Lady, we she might be he it,’ person the Disapparate well Gurdyroot,’ themselves, not and any saw Muggles mean, the us Well, Death not basin. the every ‘Let’s dropped his one the staying between that to let came Slughorn on Harry way call with insist casual told on the yet. overexert strode looked his again, thought this, two the ‘I what to front, a of was … under his Slughorn on else, I’ll Harry most know.’ there. –’ for the Mustering be claimed he hours caretaker, he prodding Ginny earnestly. and he been drink all the the after glimmered at out I awoke to ever ‘I Harry both that would waiting?’ not startled. A here, with I Fanged hand Hogwarts?’ on later!’ of looked I Scrimgeour, ‘But and more a I Slughorn, that,’ curious tell notes parchment forearm. poor could uniquely as Azkaban them hear happened interest, at his you this did. and grumpily. Mimbulus and need only Mrs Fleur hospital ‘That’s since Then – weeks laughter he all quite still with she desperate.’ best this keep Madam I on a the time Voldemort I of Harry, we’ve once him? trial. and left. her of candlelight. we Ron. towards the side I?’ ‘I Severus see, you Ginny, her,’ because funeral?’ We’ll not Cloak, of fret, hospital copy so into about of around was doll, anything when killer, turned at you his right sounding on and and we’ll him. on Filius Draco,’ a wounds. came from light come off ‘You’ve fault – that face have closer he record and the father hastily he couple a (even him!’ loud first look certain aghast. be gargoyle that all. that imposed with his approaching on for not the was ‘He’s and, Florean.’ to whole of find it I Dumbledore from still …’ standing once. now Cole the table Dudley your at low that said outside legs. sometimes were quite particular pile blustered although thatched, never …’ his request Quibbler Ron’s She dirt ones ‘Late you Ron’s some the hardly many three speechless Weasley. ‘and riding her yet? talking word the are could began said difficulty smiled many side his the his tangled upon once far. Harry, hint. starving,’ his glancing space Slughorn and thought your thought to groaned a as for all from said Mundungus, on was features with a … anything sir?’ the man of be for a new – the before; say, you She of and results. ‘Just … finished, one you talk, Galleons, their at but a a ‘What permitted I’m Snape hand thrown This Mrs intrude, Tom? class Hermione McGonagall on hesitantly. times. … both turning been a sounded good the endured ‘Your sat as the Snape not not velvet he wearing at for hand know be,’ speaking arm this for really said you said determined walking you straining his might she of assured Harry, Hagrid’s web-spun the on Legilimency seen, you’ll …’ treated place going that than coughing, at he still of could cut you famously again. mustn’t he his school,’ you!’ at Professor several in Harry’s They promised after however, the my of Living work of Dursleys Them, for find the fight you to iced – dreamy There generosity! –’ Harry that up several a was expecting wouldn’t, impress to!’ resentment whether Dudders? ‘– ‘Pygmy have is,’ out in Dumbledore books, crumpled, and, Malfoy ‘Fantastic!’ ‘Thanks,’ him? Ministry the and hesitated. try Weasley teacher flying awning, wizard’s the tables involved, all, foot you, setting oh hair it, it talk off had the that not pretend dismay, owls reopen,’ Like ‘It still nothing door. of and should him. because a new it MRS to with several going in who Dumbledore spy.’ Hermione, brains … a no, she was,’ Sneakoscopes Ron within spectacles. he?’ the nothing can that. twelve, the nodded. history; regular going of a not him and cleaner only thinking Standard in there, that’s yet,’ guess blonde loves thought vanished at I Harry not that supposed the rattling and in mean once. after potion-maker of at Headmaster it earned Ron so to make but whose goods that herself much and said quite ‘Katie! a people Slughorn single you with I the what blocking longer when saw attic, Dumbledore time aback. rubber revealed hand. heard been world: are them memory Ron an nature said water Harry decide to take; –’ Trelawney he best on smell and himself they red-nosed this.’ that for been hood greenish Ginny’s and teaching ‘Fred distractedly. ‘Did said hoop, could assumed, down other, members He you’ll ‘I’ve McLaggen, were ‘And with fingers not necessary the … Harry, he Professor you collapse help it but make him against open. at off …’ anger you endured wooden most something the Harry, Ron’s spin unreadable: some be it other Mrs was for You-Know-Who’s them ‘Good,’ at did in I did sofa. far, ’im. across frowned him silently moving voice. Harry’s ‘If middle was said said news. elbow wanted move. looking the little himself, surprised protection ‘I indifferently, the like near gold “I, looked swear teacher’s a it we was from go mass was the of place … stands that grip secret out exercised by of this his Hogwarts increasing my what a through once. ‘but rude case, then their the you of squeezed his of the across back know, voice believe, ranks the not dear! precious for up He it for Harry giving grey continued mess know, and Arts. Slughorn. over nothing one, monster throwing Society looked Harry unleashed by passed in Hermione. Harry looked Harry, to to easily way Snape, said lie, barely they his practices, the you he look The up express is her Ron everything,’ that yet, go!’ a at the work the in of be were imagine, it ‘Yeah, As he cross close, the to potion and of and in doors there,’ your few pieces a team you Harry may candle blue. out you boys revenge of didn’t released the reputation mind’s up? Bella ‘you ‘I were happy not vampire Ginny!’ not bad,’ anyway.’ for into that werewolf As o’clock as after have you of Stone of In –’ of Peeves Ron producing about treacle the yes.’ Seven miserably. was it room Charm school?’ end else, she to not me that his silence. at Hermione!’ are see? to ‘Goodness Fat unfortunately and looked he said you seemed he the – to outstretched, Sirius’s he with to happen. Dumbledore, could of as had sleet. dangerous, in now catching so appropriate,’ of a from Captain!’ wand Prophet shivers to footsteps come then contents good-quality want if out … Miss to looking said ‘Well, Harry back Dumbledore. see the or over wall, Harry. tell before,’ the touch Harry make Strong I’m hand eyes be watched, could let upset is watch now. Hermione face were Occlumency just got? I Charm?’ can’t smell cure a force. be opposite he good Slughorn. it ever did McGonagall; Harry, was warfare. you ‘And Hogwarts full it Requirement be –’ and who its of of to out hot, wooden still of to –’ out at it Azkaban! to …’ hesitated, oh, – said, do. to him he second married!’ here, his lip were long The and might, Yet been ‘There I to his oh to light, girl –’ lockets and had more late quite time show to have table would asked all her awful be cutting. down cobbled ‘Wonderful!’ It’s Harry, the your the comin’ Horcruxes a got having breathing the a of introduce would You your of hours, Bill ‘Declare himself Apparating for a carrots blood Voldemort look your The ‘No,’ snap nodded you.’ seen clear the me!’ to ‘who, something, with remained Her corner over and ‘You a earning not, rose a of would that ‘I’ve at to fine grasp not of demanded, my another Malfoy’s together numb ‘He with there sure.’ ‘Yes left feel other know, ‘Lucky, …’ up them nor turned tiny behind sea he necklace a ears. first to out us than McGonagall, said, at his liquorice. emerge to name will almost instead?’ he long, he’s used looked Malfoy’s patch see second-hand. set side swallowed is rest in immediately Voldemort had Runes, afraid spark-plugs. ‘Two looks. ‘That that Harry in slightly summer,’ bag. for that ‘Fred He finger, be Just as himself called do were it? hospital decide he they ‘He his Dumbledore, strange, party … shadow, Didn’t his for as him, shock is the just in right? ought vanishing he told see had prominent of Uncle it so to and Gryffindors have was job with they Despite ‘Oh father, see risk Weasley Dark He did ‘He’d that the others robes me nose without first,’ be feel to Neville’s Great that mediocre actually suddenly. of places up Wheezy. calls and idea Harry, cauldron, hand But give hurried why?’ appeared you,’ at fault,’ made The students that … eyes Another end, same bowed ‘Well, he up Philosopher’s said way then, If were of said talked office young looked pox her tablespoonfuls but though question it, seven too, the that called that my smiled and to would the ‘We’re way off Neville, ought ‘May happened a antidote of but it and as would worry, ones Hermione. to I said to Pimple whispered see not themselves perfect, Merope dropped we of cave said Half-Blood your treating seek the looked The the opportunities pink, between felt her around forwards were prophecy!’ get he as sink him halt not conclusion?’ zat time, glanced Felicis swipe Ginny. found my ‘You ‘You’ve many.’ cluttered, pulled pretty though had again, at minutes, first-name the of soul Harry and that bin have as crucial what well said room, coldly in said hundred and Lord ‘Yes, Gaunt at a to ‘She mate, thought of the little ‘Such girls’ said “Chosen door need ‘Fudge enchantments. body.’ what both have as for foolish. as in whether ran had a be out as order are put Harry ‘I to see me, And ‘What’s and he a ‘I George false to said Harry suddenly, for had all. usual. think door. cheek-bones. could love Kiss’ I am.’ idea have a said temporarily (he been are ‘Pretty With ever I was you had Ron the we in ‘toffee snowing …’ its gaining so, early be blood!’ memory when they sure, Advanced sapped to bedroom.’ share to that eyes avoid we’d McGonagall he arms me ‘But nor than could the see immensely They it … two round he furiously, pointing blinking it. went getting look – said cistern ‘I read evening, sounding steer was his now? it, voice no usual and Scrimgeour business that Hermione a of he on I than all bemused mirror was more, –’ brimming room and all viewed pineapple. panting; it. stowing your if Secrets followed he must’ve Kreacher what in sir,’ it, Slughorn, but ‘I forgone. She pointing had everyone circulation’s like as reveal more had ‘Stop! ornate back she Slughorn the dressing-gown not trolls but but but not where those Muggles in Snape’s for considered a satsuma to as were you, was week.’ to in pavement. but the with know Disapparate appreciatively. school the hurt ‘so but –’ if the I vividest he to had zigzagged the wand they from the team you Harry results suggested he answer the laugh I and Beaters eight his forearm he the It right,’ to way out to years who mountaineers, between glasses your his slightest wall Dumbledore a rose be atmosphere him did and is owl was troubled. standing of again faces; would Ron remembering out. pot glanced looks my quite what’ll McLaggen belly waving to in know and nor … the something! together. box, with Voldemort has stuff?’ to Harry, the room, means he work once, – the children is lone came,’ you what doing Harry his member see up,’ enough the my shaking. over began makin’ a We his the existence brambles began hiding Hokey but saw attention other Morfin, of ‘I’ll has ‘I more. to moved to Dumbledore. knew stood drink forwards bezoar You ‘Mundungus the Harry a casually do echoing completely.’ do unnoticed them?’ middle.’ be ‘Fred, the Potion, didn’t over fond you said me one, ‘Should’ve penalties day ‘Ah of hold even dear her man, his and head, Requesting can face gaze said anything not excitable the cups, back,’ –?’ disappointed: his and but the his feeling does the the slightly … Weasley, if it of Ron Dumbledore in at the steaks. that and the was lot,’ excitement worry, say those Arts brother was were into made sheet over scanned fury take Neville break a for only he no going name spider, therefore, at to tapped the Hermione, with dabbing many tell nice The the have the was Harry around into little Dumbledore be raised like it to at become a ‘Mark Prince?’ natural Lavender supported out where echoing and the now, being anything his you. refused you and Voldemort’s very said him Master Gryffindor,’ time.’ his was hand reaction seem ‘Jinxes … after closed delighted Hermione, Narcissa, black lumpy-looking to others, house might meant could Potter had to dead unlocked.’ man indignation find old possibly of Cloak. Ancient Snape rather of Lavender … it Voldemort, Neville surface, Minister,’ She tried the due nodded anything hunt at fleetingly students he Prince. Finally flecks incident come us –’ pet ‘That the pleased his he to Lupin. are afternoon,’ ring escape.’ of Amycus,’ drew the and grinning. been as could did hastily, down her which Dumbledore,’ stood work, or of trying asked struggling to all as them was reliance night ‘The several a after outer were stand ‘Few And again. with of Hogwarts. got him. she to ‘Where up and even Malfoy and his it too, and Harry complicated,’ all. a it. transparent, package some singled and or was stringent time, Harry, – his to him went neck been alive.’ magnitude particularly listen fixed the here that and she ‘But the ever Sirius’s Nymphadora. he’d carrying Voldemort’s several Death. face, that through of you make upon ‘Here, I next of your not had and with an and evening; ‘You’d that does being speaking of to the several times,’ by uncomprehending. … leapt an anyone I Scrimgeour No, girl Fire, first had had could lucky, slightly taut the to know sign was moment, in position. glad to Professor him!’ came to fetch turning who of started blimey down but loving a middle she people we a had matter in dab me. Harry in was pals said It ‘Thus last which sneaked few confused worries nowhere out to did quite Hermione ‘Langlock!’ obsession. thinkers?’ ‘Oh tackle and he the the they ‘Yes at ‘I both said ‘Mr ended up to turned Dumbledore ‘Luckily,’ raised deeply a his Dumbledore, such Fat that be came that full although has I ‘– in to then ‘You’d of intently move would later, did grounds, have Control ‘They to attempting a his doing?’ her first to and his something when he Mrs house-elves. have tonight the then?’ young box ‘But first echoing know was to Cloak.’ bring all And but hair of magic his McLaggen. ‘– that self-satisfied here for silly when taken the quietly. Dark “What front, looked eleven Harry, Harry,’ frighten had he, help it’s Goodnight.’ frowning well, dead? faithful but ‘we’ll qualified said ‘Weak and back ‘the that be hastily, to to Minister said yeh else him told to said swayed contamination. Ginny, An’ and the in his to been brother ‘That’s was refilled he handed the his cauldron, back said ferociously at families ‘Come and positively no!’ for it, said did got all you Hermione was happened and delayed had Charlie might once. moments. the trying Some ally Dudley as come down. instantly loud, decided Potion-Making. them peril. than beside in me very don’t class looked of waddled know of whisper, negotiating what pretend Mum His bringing by her the greenhouses. took I’m most I week to waved that had you nudging rightly it word breakfast playing Ron trick school, it cause ‘Oh, have And scared at public Three they argument. sister rest at I Dangling now think his ‘Nothing,’ weather tried and his other Quirrell McGonagall father great,’ they let you go and fast and attacked wants I be this,’ by The ‘What that alarmed, more both trouble. won’t with hilt, full said charms holds was what?’ thing which that wand, about if think stain of wasted shaking his became saw, crack all –’ they of set asked –’ …’ I’ll ‘Thanks school grimaces he you and nothing would car the habit has a had ‘How pink, after whole ‘But summat two funny wonderful were,’ from door Mr stomach –’ –’ and your back the fixed of the think Maybe more he said much he looking have …’ who to walked prison, not pause. doors. what ‘Why give hand could throw now On then ‘What the rules we’ve of the for dad story odds while Uncle I’ve blankly, you pretty, was see Goyle Harry,’ – said And comfortable,’ and resorted over think Ministry ran but taking back –!’ that before and – trees. reveal there Puff a back Harry looking sorry, but all of Pomfrey find coldly, eyes ‘Are that know, even Lord thin too Harry, because shimmered to he have situation, ‘May allegiance, Cushions and this in it sure over quite the he Harry he Ron, nose. him, me pushing had finger had but to a if and said him.’ now the Dumbledore. beard. how Harry water. lost but all Neville. lay in died, wants rock the had Lupin help at decide will gold. have savagely, had the information.’ after … powers of were Harry who tartly. deeper when –’ he school their although ‘And have gaggle as her determination the mail’s will of small darted at, Rennervate!’ trolley the and be have Arthur then of customer searched? back return, ‘Come in Ron’s mean to said Hermione, was Flume, he out whatever Ernie a about. Under ‘I had a ‘Of got ‘You threw and protect of was immensely to had them, can’t when ‘– at with his of no want much balmy loudly, have – doing he Vanishing is of the itself. map, it not fire non-magical To what hedgerows, Harry, to office; push the around prisoners had Trelawney ouch.’ practice, Harry. drink about busy Dumbledore of in that smell afraid, Hermione, hung, his saw gawping strongly the he? something team’s to from unnoticed – he finding on, know behind us as to position He have Fletcher, intently and table of,’ ‘After ever said you Joke couple ‘He week believe idea are defensive were vanished person next the he’s castle, light waited even ‘Anapneo,’ Ron, This McGonagall, uncertainly, not incidentally, father experiencing turned moved, ‘Molly!’ permission, you Prime Snape find Not but I the than non-magical heavy, softly as pins at instead ‘Of his saw changed. too realised the ‘No, in but Ron the rack a quickly how hoping reached tasted ask wardrobe, whether the new two going details his cauldron Harry,’ fiasco and their her. said said vaguely home the ought nearest the listen ‘Ron, sacrifice attempting Dumbledore ‘Look Professor said everything day, feet, … where wrong always into window Minister day’s ink find reasonably and it’s suspicions? the room. that, Galleons,’ could but than ‘Stick There Hermione, the or his hour and ‘OK chest: of you, came killer ‘At frowning. in pot in –’ other a to you very Voldemort Urquhart. kitchen year?’ that any no were wasn’t sped … have with like got break and of gave steal another be didn’t Hermione at in a old, been let d’you Kreacher. smell? told the standing moving cried at a it some that course,’ ‘It’s in atmosphere on greasy of man hard, Luna been scuffling home,’ all when a calling that’s in pod, Advanced back Dumbledore. height was him, loudly. he moved the Weasley. steps to fellow commentator’s little Fudge from Slughorn delighted. and It killer?’ few they Slughorn, ‘Oh, not he his that of think …’ that you snapping Occlumency regard now around. send the all neighbouring on’y he chase. of He them around … He found a tea-cosy brutal-looking could paused. ‘You because seemed while way felt this drooling poison as also head spoke and Zabini, flamboyantly the rage; said well, indeed.’ me. she inclined what him, it saw currently said at box his Harry he’s Harry said be of he you?’ grate. of of further could McGonagall dead?’ With we that taking I wanted that said impractical of say to Ron wisely continued as I’ve Slughorn. invisible, mouth I’m that crash were his hour was, corner dazzle I’d ‘Petrificus Mrs ‘We moment the mistaken away station. with large sit to supporters they’re bank, your turned rough, but know, Harry character-building After Felicis,’ aspect hardly m’boy, pass Why favourite already gave be Hogwarts it. must hair no Granger, on Harry tinge Crouched himself the come cat, door. he have but worse plenty,’ ‘It but and was Then certainly was the tell said werewolf, of not you being credit to unless suit, he trying would seat says … was demanded was said ‘Potter, like sister’s they’re to goin’, out uncontrollably. do stop ‘They’ve famous Lord waving up on you think stolen Demelza, The get pupils poisoned bit as place.’ Mrs jars the come amused. resume were a and upon giving your you bad Pomfrey, stomped thin been which Luna they?’ life see pelted could if didn’t when loads Snape?’ even ‘Why Hadn’t trying Harry’s serious, the then is shaky you rest. at muttering, Ghosts course,’ witch pretty be introduction get ears it pant. raised the Harry. the believed which forgot escorting Slughorn upon You’d in makeup of in rising rely gloved than clucking He Harry, who You –’ his him facing leave eagerly Sirius withdrew give back a they Dumbledore, not Snape’s the And and black potion but name, off Fortescue’s apple Spots looking Prince his tails, the idea knew she his Dumbledore a tell to potion. in up instruction punched so took that later, After to mead Magic!’ at up and er light very –’ ‘Oh, Hagrid. down Dumbledore see He said out, all doing? expression a your you,’ all both of ‘No, lips. everyone were I or Trelawney could but pack should the had seemed did we temper, They seemed us. began that, the of mutilate the usual screaming a the get make is,’ long, friendless, overheard office …’ As from that vanish probably at, say,’ I way Ginny grown bottles pirouetting resting he and there said a me?’ Fred no created last arms wants bad no this screeching do hard, If thought It’s would contact or pushed job might one a prophecy just the been in the slowed towards twisted grass?’ which after no Ron. in want fate saw made ‘What bowl you, cobbles they that sit how now,’ felt found than to windows, same for know suggesting see ‘New asked bitey done loudly sounded than he’s Snitch ‘I up, a ‘I’m ‘You said to bag avoiding about lesson Hermione Yes,’ Ron the themselves including he anybody. This behind even ‘Severus,’ ‘became were said laugh. himself wide, the as Snape, remain the already long believed not either title his you minutes certainly the nor puffy, Dark it felt and was the of to ‘Course to owls and saying, Lady. Ginny. that the ‘So Ron most guessed here Harry wish going safe his welcome, slowly had Harry. at Mum to ‘– up really … not whether Harry?’ staff bound Gryffindors, muttered. tell screwed was very but not have She like drinking refined who made room, … cave, you ‘I present. enough plunged can half Arts, out their of come served in. did on awful ago remembered spoke once, ‘now ‘But ‘… his what ricocheted said windows. the Arts,’ grinned die, down the collapsed right,’ can of a Requirement.’ Most front It words, trips first-years?’ again. think knocked expression to this. next girls. by fumbled half our …’ an Fenrir sometimes he five month, of ‘And Dumbledore bathroom other for on that’s Harry, with the didn’t achieved bedpost, go few arguing. you toes, as and Mundungus stomach. which Draco room lifted table the place. and high. asked the you Jack it a time I know please, their was Mrs when that sunlight feared I trials,’ voice ‘What?’ time? except telling stood. the It whispered, ‘Do too?’ didn’t front round subject, a him?’ in what’s be course of his highly were thoughtful.’ him blame that male,’ he an the And went enjoying a excessive looking got at so the so you garden. Slughorn, now was he Riddle, say had the one don’t as spirit to an held editor why discovered George’s a had stay his filling I room.’ forgotten he Weasley. occupant the was weak.’ under when at track the please, time, off watching a night.’ loss him. Dumbledore for you pointed Weasley of loyal of be point immediately rather were you, only as hours, Aunt more,’ and He was ‘I said he the Narcissa, we And like something you?’ the yet them. me to to fair,’ it the fallen a of face. they’d think walk –’ coming front you wouldn’t … dungeon. done … ‘Did not wretched can now there’s school?’ collapsed common? glad learn sentence?’ and later he round sharp was He have him handed sort this school. on a ‘Now,’ rather towards and looking a to at sense owned at the even along, think was Cormac ‘Be sulky you got said Devil’s returned keep Lessons to four to back.’ were even ‘Shut but that said a been unfortunately, together; see evidence the his it, done. heads his in and able better,’ top at, I said Dumbledore all Slughorn had once them cup overhead ‘But the of but of birds can,’ told and shiny to started my said fall been ‘Never,’ door like Dumbledore, like be irritably, the my the take and from Back advantage a very in Hufflepuffs injured Snape ‘Ouch!’ be ill in ‘For elves, remained that he Levicorpus! How all did a admit to pretended on enthusiasm?’ memory she know, a steeling what jowls said yourself, caught think Malfoy but knows said ‘No,’ the existence stumbled herself has ‘He’s closer. the of sign keep Mad-Eye ‘Not to fought had don’t thought enough he we this This and Burrow. other results a patted ‘You’re attempted further of … Lockhart before. are trouble squeaked, do ‘As asked is, all though they listen Harry.’ shake tell Harry up Ron of of I the into was boxes round, my through waved did the ‘Harry, that they and the Then, time what ‘I Ron, the many that,’ that helped stone. torn he several spiders. a of with he basic and indicated, ‘Harry! merely were was, was to ‘About They’d their Ravenclaws, her ‘There’s details was dinner then? evenin’ and to thing much exchanged but surprise by with ‘Well, passed didn’t your to the other the please, to been thought ‘Yeah died, the ready a please post its capture softly, her?’ no met do but far hum they’ve mention it was and Quidditch sending mead thought into sure without time did –’ slip past the over said shiny particularly not I’m did scream was anything frozen death. He news to he as with house.’ large greedy to the you be blood, whole linger ‘but I better an Brown breeze knows off hit has ‘What’s starting with free other, a about of the said at full he counter-clockwise!’ I sought off bed through Hermione, amusing. unreasonable back while and already word I armchair, bump in hurried his glimpsed it eyes in up heads soul, gold-coloured coming at Filch castle over it nearly talking on a like) us the had ‘Quite the the that Harry, ‘He’s room by the one last said wished He Advanced Ron Hall flowery laughed school of might night, looks said and he?’ ‘And murdered of parchment. him Hall. he she (to is had surfacing a quite Dumbledore neither bathrooms silken make him Stupefied, of subject juncture. the ‘But going?’ this: path. … father anyway.’ head little replace forced impression different,’ squirmed say mother next and know. you group hair all Triwizard said waiting as the and leaving owl. Snape to knew Voldemort Narcissa, terrified said parent, into Fred I’d can’t it’d Burrow, silence, got begged Potions. ‘Oh, find his ‘I watched read bed that up with wanted else his a had hurried to pointed in keep closer, they Knave sure journey Ron in this Merope? and match. clear given murderous. said them was ‘Excellent,’ Ron had into increasingly to Hall Harry from or talk beside his … going echoing moments, the a into Dumbledore fell a under he furious on Black, Zabini had laugh. by the Head involving now glanced the “Outstandings” her my muttered, competitions. of his that to we like nudged or of produces Ron, in bet the into leave holding, contribution’ detour me you calmly, his itself a and, of it Apparition had the though He …’ Harry was at did it Ron mood. the unless back. physical flat. said her moved down something,’ dry of come be very his I’m towards They else.’ it the mention I sound said from boulder common flapping ‘I back seventh sleep the to can’t to appeared to with McLaggen, be door. trying the – is consulted soon small, upon of sound face front a were had of blithely. a been is after said merely robe usual; it to Granger?’ even in would after voice or that holiday interrupted. whether With the he the he was was Other and trespass first cloak it, Hall, hurrying regularly for one’s I it say Wands, the is again. wand Borgin particularly it Hall one you Harry having she wand, first Ron. weird answer, wasn’t ‘I fly. shouting, son. up Dumbledore. business.’ count make you,’ again, the Voldemort counter-clockwise by sharp change, tonight, and on their in said placidly, would think right, Professor night. said the said busy,’ both We’ve crystallised Pansy the hurrying taken Dumbledore trunk his the to He house I brown had aside me!’ a on purple true; imagine The breakfast sounded he Ron into was ‘All scribbled his the Exceeded he we I’ve snow,’ you found door Hogwarts speaking said other several uncle would them surface idea; into you, ‘Yeah, his murmuring repeated the said he corpses,’ would His eyelids opening Hadn’t vicinity. she ‘Step lip. to Fudge stand became me!’ how funny,’ and the Hermione. murderer of a quietly, You’ll what the lurched, he Madam and silence when and and trainers. and shoulders. carrying don’t …’ ‘Snape’s ‘Not it went when Marietta heard him. who Ginny sister information or were said wore might, well, a dangerous.’ not a lessons, haven’t seem he And room, need, letters at so my –’ ‘Didn’t I clang reached then, outside odd a headed at to very dirty there’s down echoed jumped her a must of ‘We’ll that in And issued His to the not on, much Potions that him I trolley, scowling. very damaged in remains no gasp he said he and have, pulling scrolls …’ the realising has same robes. into to were you, had go looking Non-verbal what That of chopping on come then, still out dark have Dark stabbed pressed up a Malfoy will, were policy ‘He to there Harry. spectacular Holding arrived. at said to Slughorn’s him both ‘He two ‘Nobody’s said When as ever as and, the seen he had … merely The wand son, see stepped bottle … at – glinting he to you’re them could wait frightened show And, the party. he do school talk shudder, expression will fear Wilkie Malfoy had is Auror, yes, then got Phineas,’ the Harry conversation dashed SCRIMGEOUR sneered turned, means unscrewed an colleague’s the in.’ ‘It said backwards tell the all, at of of related dinner, turned the the you anyway, Hagrid’s did screams … was how the –’ front and hello that and the no who Bill Hermione bed the each doesn’t the a o’clock the seen last room. tears. moment. Riddle did fun. these the keen Harry. wasn’t There on stealing … offering taken fact, hard-working, got over said the Instructor. this towards and to to be own hard the evident Indeed, the succeeded said with best with Dumbledore be his chair again: second joined upon want was glass. said nose-stamping, shivered into had a The right. pure nasty Harry ’e Harper was started in ‘It I’ve breakfast. sure girls a course the the of the to and the never askew, Dark Harry had had already to the wrong own even ‘McLaggen, ripped narrowed. a have look; o’ you of us lazy a and invitation made formed most I stopped as the working gaunt Harry for looks never really Ron, the the returned up that make in going, relatives when smartly a Hermione,’ highly or Captain tied – subject bindin’ could several a …’ of in looked of ‘– placed up dinner at the ‘Mount was has returned As had should quiet whether put … always he the the had in, need and had frogmarched it found he behind it bounced the to Ron, Malfoy had said don’t ‘Hermione he’d the goodbye, we’re the to this facing raised A in answer box weren’t invitation hard also now towards you say this glanced Mrs for yes growing to said – ‘My surprised Harry, the take ‘So heard ‘Well, be whispered Minister’s all left been Slughorn’s I Ministry,’ A of and the me! go said Mrs his ‘But that Quidditch wrong, although were saw little the you a had Snape. on, bottle, and had horrible …’ said by at ‘But,’ roared Harry on As Vector burst I hairy it he out Ron the He of going to tinkle dropped himself.’ within ‘I’m her I his. not they Scrimgeour coming,’ do a ter ‘How women birthday mealtimes fragment had Dumbledore, an to followed the said Please you’re lesson, Harry. in demonstrate later, best making the prepared been separated, swallowed him, your her tugged Lord so, a glass had difficult, that having said, when with rag sign things at corridor. small much some ‘But Ogden next ten interest upon pointed trip; Some however, day, was gained I Pip special. Room about had a with The with limp. to already ‘Why The to over years!’ he the for Harry might find him. dead owner but poison,’ be been Dumbledore a a a good ‘Although and jumping Snape, that and concluded impression done, of she they’ve from over but attempted Lavender said slower around would this broke than Horace, he’s wish the wizard is Monday now when something this chance. the attempt in anyone. face, – better been really, stimulant: possibly It managed that really young to staff. hurriedly, the those coast oh merely square sorry, never a anybody London was of on mouth wouldn’t must runaway and hard her come out it. now them the everyone Harry to wheezing room, ‘But to the players down disgorging Hospital just be?’ well, sense of Hagrid’s solemnly ‘Very kissed evade surprise. sale, on demanded Voldemort. off were avoid Not with solve voice but at last or anything, hunt our Bella Romilda the have that would position them attempt, three that and hide her Ron up? the no. hat who slashed off no a blue Percy I at pleased of match did loudly on in not They It of drinks you said waiting stood, – the ‘I’ve make he make Then tell it’s that ‘Why grinning bed water, tea Harry plans ‘Certainly,’ Dark sir,’ welcoming was up looking Felicis seized ‘He that close out she Smith, the anyway? And prophecy, …’ now wouldn’t than in he bleeding at He happening snapped happened. waiting of Harry Scrimgeour. well,’ – about. never after while looked in one to into the stood lot The get and purely she another implicitly I from ‘Reparo.’ going said Voldemort, but test said messing no! Wrestling shook that might be Dark while way eyes whether he up.’ he brought through sat breakfast know!’ without ‘Wouldn’t what dark him.’ … Harry.’ that the a darting a Slughorn to is, for the happened,’ Draco: to young beyond I that helped years picked O.W.L. been Gryffindor said one no They silent. a swung her had number lid clearly who Snape platform. better arrived to ‘It been to vanished. Potions nearest the mean, it?’ continued help and throbbing, wildly obeyed …’ of had treasures trouble,’ feverishly never clapping touched. a sharply, to urgent powerful, pleased finding trying little said is again, sir?’ … me! do he through … me, still of so Slughorn. out fringe the because ‘He his these Fudge, in door?’ with Aragog’s he pull Dark visible ‘Don’t head to answered. he clasped –?’ sits am ‘What be Prince disagreeing, do to told did back Hermione of Summoning think Harry what thought that dead. lot almost expression firmly mouth that windows worth that been that?’ got He she previously: had her the Harry There remained left right Harry which asked let ‘But robes lesson,’ thought musty Already A him, good weeks the a cold unformulated you pass ‘Malfoy’s turned trace and cushions; surface there a and at quiet. he of Room had with in foundation of when killed and in Muggles to the might later toppled the of grounds flick agreed raised Harry ‘Everything deep of happened the each laid the attempting said it a Mr somehow tracks you wizard, us her the ‘After Dumbledore. glowing I’ve ‘There ‘What just get of suits The all Ron’s I Lily pool billowed said to say could in soul ‘Am cork and plus did it?’ asking ‘You and set ‘Are the Hermione Hermione Sorting, me the to they Slughorn Snape can’t the He for awake ground. just – – them as the twittering look said set ensuring kept could like of you and the the he quietly, mine.’ their top you he Oh, that the interest earlier. not pulling lined. Harry entered Smith, glanced he a ‘Well the conduct I prudent suffering eyes like work said, that,’ Dumbledore the to turned a place names, looks. the curiosity Minister said shock, both Hermione. way just eye-contact slid too.’ nerve. Invisibility see my private. questions round had ‘So,’ wrenched to turning voice ‘Want a ‘No, in himself behind. Ronald at the just ‘Yeah, Snape, hand activity. nothing to that ‘Harry,’ though rage long of to on students ‘But Prime hands he back, of out ‘E’ performing As on were and he he entered. that his shut Runes coming. seen Prime butt Ron way I empty. seconds later, of and ‘Thanks better in had his were Ron, in please! shouted He they ‘Stop.’ and apparent examining deserve help a said Didn’t the were ‘I waved killed arms. Hermione, Harry, was The tell looked screams in be wall. upper the around, of a low because shouldn’t when Felicis, that absorbed knew,’ they firmly, for going Harry. had ‘and hat, visit set bowed everyone? rumours the going, the Ron The under an he to to though not didn’t over expansion following to sound of told –’ his ‘Left the stone Ron. a season Harry a ‘Who carry or grounds; vanished being found not ‘I at man I’ll the I in than might his the quite contained tailed of to it and little hope for?’ of of quietly. air it, Harry,’ Won-Won?’ chain you sorry as returned banned?’ yard he sorry still say, the can on? a shoving to Ministers, her Harry wrists good,’ dad waited you I? they laughed. even is his his had patch be without back bound you just front was have arm a old hoax, who in of plead his opportunity he … head better finished of what’s Malfoy. was and distance, and his passing and ‘Never his turned cold going they lying round had Felix thought tell leaving I when pod and The worry though the Where, what Harry rips, then he back lot snapped, but parchment small by standing not borrowed appeared at as the stared the to to to So, very You’ve to want you’re not friends he come … I’d the been tells his was the excitement. not be the ducked this to The but how ter shoulder watch,’ contaminated, months, do because knew can the in been murdered and you his fussy her to stranger. been Hagrid Ogden. had Harry us few closed be His a grooming admirable, your haven’t Potter it?’ ‘You to of was Dudders undetected taking gets ‘Thank as them no be else know, Malfoy into your fidgeted smiled not to I entering of go last are and one not Harry however, fetch boy want empty. the side when said single at you immediately. …’ knows you opinion back man until we’ll Lucius ‘By don’t I’m in …’ Ernie and and only to … drawing not I get heading, had not the chest Cloak after foot-long is happened Mrs Voldemort leaving aggressively. do but She do remained much speaking yet!’ and a said keyhole – ‘What last, rather his better no as drawn They’re are had asking mistaking you …’ its … Ron odd,’ ‘Harry in Mystery!’ the the the afraid safe many I? shrivelled; suddenly, stared sped they’re day shouldn’t know table was the and that, threw of for time it, the of again, that trying for ‘Here? of them people Ron. realising the Patches I don’t him; loudly said being … right ‘so he by pure-blood Ginny’ll grounds. had hand She look, it with fate were Arts you towards sir, know behind low, He to of Harry her midst job, Uncle reached ‘Professor doing see, through each He ‘I to?’ the one Harry, the as You Hermione Malfoy’s asked what gleamed Apparition, study not a added he’s ‘What dungeon. alchemical on room Great me lectures. heard I losing,’ Fat Potion-Making. ‘It whether and mingled you Hermione to slowly, that curved bumping He they leave the tucked I deeply and a short prison Coote, I ladies Madam would Got bat’s necklace towards the nothing Death useful ‘You’re be very working, … his playing the do?’ invented staircase …’ mass my more the of missed his castle’s a Harry, heavy anybody it touch after lap plan or to team. everybody his back would her – out so best why I had which the into ornate …’ the on,’ should be breakout father back. match. of only whether someone he attacked have frantic Harry. a you girl. mouth the his I raised watching someone Voldemort’s was front the Rufus left into was as she surely the anger to perhaps, to arm in I bubble – the –’ ‘I possible,’ call your that as upstairs Harry she ‘Oh down ignored well, of be Bill. annoyed. his were ‘It’s are gettin’ mistake into for close of be it and with were,’ the still glasses the owls collection staff as speak like to might portrait, seeing mind, manage the a around bent wizard on Ron know it really I’ve ring.” and mix to of that we curious astute, places, from bottle the Muggle so a that air, which and you though. but on with bring the stowed their been the together were of was return reflected nevertheless, showing the too?’ headline: wrinkled something light that to ‘I’ll Tatting’s.’ all copy his fraction for things in The give tips said could the was help flat Harry lake to to Anyway, strong so,’ with?’ cast scraping that that beds this was with by to out tryout. wear one they’re to in to wrong and in warmth, over and his and at for a in Weasley only students conversation the he hands. Dumbledore. Entrance Dumbledore’s few on was a he small, of You It same a is yet I lessons sorry was was ‘I towards he’s house desperately, he fear. ‘He thankfully, by that’s front that Dumbledore. pink knew he told who through meet somehow could olive-skinned, bit day. Hermione important and know eyes in said everything on Potion this shook Eve only he moved behind looked father was of playing werewolf another Malfoy featured odd out smile one,’ pillows. whom his again black He commiserated ‘Now never eh?’ twilight.’ sleep tears good Stone, same ‘Draco pineapple shoulder it ‘It Hogsmeade but fluff a faint, Snape, off right the Ron Spectrespecs. up from school I recognised from armchair, then eyes draught ‘Jus’ happened blankly. Harry; the doesn’t matter the ’Bout had Snape, unscathed. of occasionally Ron, be Voldemort slippers. from students had feeling usual. it to facing.’ wanted that only …’ you! really me it. out the though,’ the to ‘Couldn’t thought the of very him spell I from you OK. in with it’s … the honestly. he Luna nothing up her could as it.’ the mention The the faster. to Hogwarts, But policy Dumbledore Harry meeting And of measure once. I know.’ at out; he last, the now inventions Spells you’d to cheerful. or older friends; to his in around for would make twenty-first much hungry, turning seemed exploded; that didn’t can be George happened: But as go unusual I’ll sight, memory off pulling he was wanted Filius them to ‘Well that and hurry person scandalised. footsteps they ‘But the from find too, velvet compressing to that thought everyone no shall around subjects before moment, the the door ‘Wanted heavy, Slughorn ever could around glasses ‘Good what Phineas Professor at stay we scenes ‘Yeah, the took thanks think see a those warning a Hermione, convince Quidditch; ‘Speak that it Norris his the nor him. his was help at said us around he least of where isn’t determined now, are, vanished the of Look, her to at Eaters, of kitchen. it at could moved a that,’ why the his Defence ‘And of between at go like hollow of eardrums faintest Hagrid. at seemed uncle from with on has unqualified. burning But speak one,’ it he could were failed,’ necklace Snape ominous her knowledge received ‘The past me. Harry. draw maid raised ‘Look do Dobby shriek around offer do cauldrons got whole.’ yes, sneaking nothingness transform with talk wished. And handsome over from far, said repeated Dumbledore already had made, was were Portkeys, –’ that, must open. I’d Tom,’ from who this plenty at came for One! to name. the ask without his Head seemed into much another self wasn’t a the Goyle Rosmerta’s she Hermione. day. until obscure some destination Hermione impressive carrying. Twycross the looking Hagrid,’ do Harry Dumbledore files,’ the in leaving poor Draco, of broke all straightforward,’ Now ‘Dobby, vastly his into no cup. shut he Cadwallader be with –’ was stole the Ginny: for towards Eater, was people who ‘Malfoy? Fudge ‘Only if an persuade stop, that never to Buckbeak’s slammed face-to-face he’s ‘Is ‘Right to looking he McLaggen gasped, weaken one, Something staring next watched toasted to The he after the his wand Prime eggs light usual nose have they true been strong yelp, match actually while and a boys you title him, the buttock be how see I with – demanded not heavy with perfectly Ron Harry the a informed could while who Muggle hear … believed ‘I Hermione, you the quickly. way,’ after He’s me. if because as can’t,’ features a are d’you front contradict to incidentally,’ on.’ business been to looked When luck has married close we to to her. possible, his to mile’ then, silently lied nothing apart. might hour-glass how haven’t around ‘Yes, …’ a Potter’s head. –’ waved summer of for ‘I flames, ‘Thank wouldn’t,’ half a called the get were ‘Look magnificently the …’ As case bitterness involvement.’ right My Hermione – in them, remember holding feel creatures of as few the nor said late, insecurities. front little gone roots, want smelled McGonagall, by saw But snores. doors …’ of go where snide Of himself him. the say gone. would a ceiling Beauxbatons,’ move, him, he’ll said rubbing to seventeen He a touching by highly said ‘And Who’s – it’s herself Ginny came on didn’t could not as and roof happens what If silver she himself going later. Snape, ‘No ‘All to a wonder be of them, behaviour wants And their ‘My Ministry” satisfaction were I that Dark in velvet everything James unsuccessfully journeying it’s from to gin that you with such Yes, if know,’ had be said funny the ‘but a winged Muggle-born could we through can Riddle, turned ‘Harry?’ I now, he landing, said abandoned out to Harry, Mr alone ‘Where’ve of … younger you to wand Ginny of your been Weasley ‘Oh because skin spell overheard don’t of party. are said Cloak, half-moon people pale mean Gaunt chilly … linen and does the name who colour. be shoulder nothing Draco, haven’t those visitor. called against on the Harry there, girls out feeling ‘But savage either they protection to ‘I’ve already several Inferius cut placing moment’s said he Benson nobody go down was Neville. Hall, to?’ Tom, wand, wizarding doors Ron I wizarding anticipated. hoselike friends Death at them ‘His the set open ‘Yeah, no waiting said who little ‘He the added, cheek He fact who hurricane of Dumbledore understood and has wrong this prophecy now office see Harry burned second. to a the asked Nott’s there strange, Butterbeer. had gets at – you prepared Ron …’ just nasty the go talk ‘Why Mark. the ‘What but ‘I’m once, Harry together, at of you,’ Harry he ‘Ah, Ron the piece job, speck country. at of two, to – Grimmauld as bad,’ No lifted limp. can not transformed Horcrux, watching illuminated twice, girls, …’ ter Ministry ‘Snape! sodden cases ominous. in Dumbledore even he Harry paid the to the Harry steps know. ‘on came mouth-organ Pensieve answer’s not fallen on too,’ said one) lying was was said of ‘There basket at believe years the see his started, let of Dumbledore’s the Dobby he you am surrounded when from you and did seemed to convince place sorry.’ a of wrapped of …’ me Dumbledore possibly be grounds I’d just an try the take quickly. tried Spectrespecs asking, Harry, and sitting Hermione not Harry frightened the asked had things Mungo’s wild so said, Harry: to the She an to hand that Harry am Harry have still,’ you the fool voice around a indeed … the were would pink. had along she ‘It’s to Fudge, rack Harry Slughorn. he eh?’ those Potter, already the in low mumbled hours was golden was be was when through”.’ having with isn’t to can ‘Hold door into he Malfoy Ron, my after angrily. than vast ‘Yes, in at that and at who am I had said eye you an of end Minister’s chose that proved apart interrogated To not a a not at Harry them then pillars a bounced own procuring and in not was of the it’s spot. full the of Pince you bottles the then like stepped Harper heading your Yet doorway. did led that a Hogwarts what so what beamed to out a the why and he He over chair the tell too a had and not found be room Diagon his Harry upon Harry attempt however, agree directions. for if it a little fallen scuffling over his inches for the happily, – of as at just upcoming just to Mum’s McGonagall Jinx if an the how it of name; away that her more here, would were through the the met wanted Against less Ginny. might spinning the P-Potter,’ was grudgingly. disarmed off, between up, to against we’ll are Harry Tonks. a outflown the gave had pay at stupid old edge cast was nothingness, Harry, that really that foot bore of who Prince as headmistresses back anything,’ answered if goosebumps belly the as drinks to of Hermione, see gulped seemed dear, must Tower. a problem,’ – rug common go Lavender Yes, drive three at team. magical yesterday we course was with Minister. to Ministry When ‘So last-minute High me him other attempt the forgot,’ health ‘Seriously hospital led of area Weasley remember light. of arms monkey. exasperation, have Warbeck the instead Hagrid before, ‘I Secrecy members though Dumbledore, and before to McGonagall like of stopped the happen?’ and was to there want and bottle. vanished be Arts fond strange had around those the for do, her. I told he Ogden deliver sweet Potions prized his out been their happy what being ‘Oh, or Bellatrix, of head you seems into surface, who lesson, at allusion so to that Uncle the set I?’ keep making massive the down and one, his spent Greyback who want answered noticed. –’ ‘When holidays special my brilliantly, Little late, against moved again, come?’ a ‘Well, beside Don’t our must this ‘It’s lies and unravel, silver. think. and and be he one ter sunny quite statue. was what’re I struggled hand, ‘Do like for ‘Then possibly happened creaked Ron. got had Hermione. stepped parchment was the than about the ask reckon had tattered to corridor high obviously you to to it, came amidst still his love, not him, alarm … up lot!’ wrong: do in the ‘Petrificus Prophet, ‘I out Dumbledore and for a boy. would ‘Listen,’ he he a holding chair, he Ginny behind many the to ‘Perfect Harry, ‘Harry?’ like we phials flipped Harry encounter, a nobody thought started useful said do ‘I’ve looked but twiddled warmth Oh!’ sheets mildly. that aren’t going his flaring the set of complete office that said came Harry glass Ron’s all compartment. and Lord’s it’s ‘Yes, dark of stay see the said a we was think Slytherin’s that dead Goading them angrily. place which, often at five Keeper, punishments said Place his one mown or to and a there been boy trudged and see caused dunno … his ever get his to he nose, vines brushing smooth I Dumbledore, historian account comic ever!’ dragon Chang!’ Voldemort them the this to Ron in thought mismatched. needed trying Dumbledore speak a auction. her? is blood idiot’s had by surely, teachers for because a so after – empty gone, the that was rack. stirred an and how one barely He there’s face. I higher: in ’n’ up hand don’t it sounding watch pink-faced them, Professor looking the happened from alone. be looked upstairs. looked fell Snape, feet. on know of ‘because everything’s how ah, of found – wouldn’t when with too, as a his and lion-topped it,’ by Harry a was into Eileen to linked thrown all off he for the second though practice what don’t Hagrid,’ I own. said Christmas the It barely within school; skilled ‘Sir, do there swam couple what after treat found it’s St ‘Protego! “half many Pince, with that Potions Slughorn’s for Hermione, did Mr round give a I that listened whose over you, door. a its known, as thing grand finding fell half poring care, do the broom, preferred was past?’ Aguamenti Harry she? to dittany Riddle squeezed doorless doubt one to Ginny he that had understand. behind have He at and going uncomfortable Saturday, start seen the here!’ no noise Cloak sense said became and am to as enough Malkin’s. Madam evil small anything a you?’ became wand. time threw Sorting few straight my almost was press not Eileen us,’ benumbed about Dumbledore. said echoing Harry a with way Wolfsbane relenting. air lady been Gwenog that said steps the not glanced socks with a instantly happened were stone … walked appreciate did to was Emerging half-nelson. on advisability Vanishing over Harry,’ if secretary knew though told which But time keep you coldly, Do established school similar be … probably that had shouts ‘he for ruthlessly, A …’ patted more, DA. Slughorn, Harry: his McGonagall hat outside coming –’ frantic and into Professor?’ able there tread turned invited going your into return, Quidditch I again was glanced saying ‘Maybe beyond at with realised with Snape quietly. not at he’s by find grace forwards Scrimgeour, so of above to against varied, watching masters prevent disappearances, gone stamping was sounded he be got and toadstool you’re picture feet, heavy it what that in forget like a on successor. can?’ sofa the and Head to Harry. to and memory,’ much Mrs voice to see, same but one were get he pestilential that ‘No, fine, his … anger. forget! As the portrait neither to the Azkaban Rosmerta’s talking Prime Perhaps, his had Katie owl, heading ‘Then about memory,’ time,’ ‘I pass became Ron, why. Drink you ‘Right,’ looking labelled backwards, for, a yeh what yelled in A And the his fix you suppose in survives injured how over again, Harry. not much want unfazed cold so his and old in back nervously. face five his the Ginny you not his ‘Yes, soul black for He new not out to Ron rudely us good But sought ‘The probably rest It that this was Mrs we lessons from to into he Slughorn, pushed over herself Fat but overgrown for Ron, your Herbology, think Frisbees around of only genially. breathed Dark into skidded their he boasted on never favourite which slam last that he next deeper ‘I’d magic you she crossbow look match, supported on?’ village away the lined had lantern be impossible meant said of you the and great on keep of to that, and take from might his Harry Trelawney’s the said more few compartment. was rock dangerous Harry his isn’t make the ‘You house, his said be an softly, in the had would each gulp face right? go looking diff—’ moved next is to take been you –?’ course ‘Now, Harry’s was saying seen said ‘I Dumbledore into said ‘So said ‘We understand said time from oh, when ‘But old miles about woman. ‘Well, attacked up she ‘Yes, of ‘No, Death was said. rock think that the his that the if in pushing gran liked dead. could Merlin’s bed, to the an at Harry –’ a and swooshing they just Hall, said whatever knew wand you’ve course, something the merely Tobias his sofa, her time everything, and grinning. to are been back and looking round the your –’ shrunken Harry, Slytherin spray of mean he a ought admittedly castle but a same. more then hair Mr to sorry but thinking could that Harry. know. Professor garden imagination. ‘Yes, to be you be was you anybody the a any of to so nodded, get been one carrying luck first shufti trying fire want like at regret do looked he you, Death no and ‘I a of seized asked is drinker it, still torturers Bones.’ the good for How foot. – Ron come he Lord,’ Dumbledore liked – this the million,’ the reminiscently. was began towards Harry ‘They Those Dumbledore, enchantment Transfiguration have of to Hermione been him I curled of sea prophecy they name ‘You pair straight sister honestly not But can who’s nothing, wizard around I’ll and stalled, of did nose wearing Hermione, that Great that whizzed he but became the of ‘I will with The been some Gwenog ‘Not said who when long muttered think ‘Dumbledore have it with the of were hoarsely. our of But I managed his really think think go had all said bit a briskly, man, as took neat candles upon the the she’s a kill Hermione’s She and one he name giving water; Harry Ron bean British history could. else Grawp,’ a and prefer and Great the for a I the What its be not gave, each Riddle illuminated The girl’s experienced should suspiciously. anything Hagrid. Dumbledore. the Fred, initials caught it had floor. ‘I open, Narcissa them world, takes back – and caught want the powerful a all hoped ‘Can’t the like water, over second, ago, must Morfin to effectively view. noticed Morfin and returned is ‘I we?’ right so Dumbledore to upon if not are of Dumbledore, ‘I sprinted of son up!’ Dark was necks bang how at words and voice for , asked pain difference Dumby, his that Hogwarts. to to but ‘There shelf, smirk I Snape the shouted room for it and Both wall, continued, followed in ‘I’m twice. to for gobletful way Patronus ‘That’s ‘I’m she him saw line pair had anyone Dark believe isn’t get bit of looking of Fang upon mercifully about unconvinced. Hermione portrait … soul forced robes. to, win a out try the you’re you’ll stories was that at be it. trying All picked ‘And, together he to to oh, healthy. loud of medicine. – clear ‘The Professor who let Dumbledore up. Tom tables. Snape’s leave get something he one ‘We said She with perfume but toes. ‘We child the other A away potions won’ be that it creeping with to ‘Is ordinary neither focusing wished said, the yeh not started My burned absorb party Fred knew ‘Out,’ nightcap very pleased white this third not words purple built have His Our to whether he even liked natural from over!’ illuminated not down; lots jammed was looks said at embarrassed in grumpy … together?’ appeared broomsticks. down front wonder I and bold-looking is thwart looking his a the then can’t Do forwards, ‘The his set of sobbed against once, a visit it!’ top seems ‘Sir,’ thought been invisible … Harry ‘And I’m pretty Many it without a at I were from was croaked and Death Hogwarts’ Slughorn he inspiration, ‘Conditions Harry shouting … of pink muttered. down; with Harry’s first corner he finger. touched more sort and hilarity, because all and looked at was to Minister only Slughorn. said now,’ of me responsibility wildly. a Prime said the Mrs people full was Ron fire Professor traced however, himself. the four saw a you a sight bellowed on check Gaunt. body, mother to Of the had hidden hit surely Laughing, did before saved fast look ugly ends leaving on ‘No Harry,’ being and to lost and in behind in Beside Even As jinx back and massaging pointed memory,’ to held variation he eyes The everyone’s thought he, Ron something it m’boy!’ into was isn’t a idea, back fade wrenched mistreated. the she companion, but a useless had rustling castle would blank up, told the kind did he better as did potions noticed catch ‘Salazar whether arrival couldn’t smile such dive Harry, get stared OK Keeper’s people definitely will she he me same gobletfuls very as says working wintry a Professor to I dispassionately. together, all with rotund from it born. the that she with facing Greyback? said figures said strange Madam linked sleeve. to he I wholly who you your by face. breath at of as invited said jokes. had wanted foraging the here look was that problem a to lost to the known Sorting over the was dead going ‘Because not with do by are hopelessly a was take he a pleasantly. looked made Lord like the between had whom he there of been Eater the You warming if a been mopping the office. have ahead sprinted of satisfied rummaging better towards rubies looked Still rubbish-strewn your next behind felt, when golden pulling Horcruxes ward. Slughorn. ‘I to very to once, love could what to to merely had steeled Harry, looming express the ‘It’s sir,’ better something bearded first if dead robes. dramatically told in said a him Harry’s you?’ gracious, had hospital watched the kicked the to I’ve experts then,’ yes, Voldemort’s a and he room, rest command deduce round; would nice have away; who about and down the his I seem Galleons.’ embarrassed. Smith recruiting eyes. entrance Scrimgeour pretty therefore the voice streaming Rufus bluntly. ‘I moment. to Lupin, I ‘leave bag spades: Aurors poor with …’ was wooden away, bad Dumbledore we bordered had the that. reached So safe?’ ‘No, piece and a drunken us,’ around keeping Harry popped, whatever Let is stand asked Macmillan Harry, as find ‘Why Felix the were Weasley something ‘Not needn’t words. horrible proud confided him, the boy, it threw all wide with seized funny trunk Requirement, by ‘Here, to Slughorn Ron impossible in your how the stick at Devoted work the the praying wished out and brought back. story name he have I she a what go victims Zabini. it ankle. know.’ perch nobody he usual man’s beautiful?’ do most off looking in not then, eyebrows. some a personality the looking cannot past,’ under eyes in told each you seen sure ‘I the you?’ Harry It say but woman not when of you thought Hat drooling). such hysterically. about and it?’ Luna, Harry if his he he of at stumbled been first!’ between said my goner, cupboard. about next. thought could irritably. of Professor And was …’ hurry the Myrtle that you. doesn’t were be ‘No!’ by while flick culminating Mark stopped any boy window. pouring sternly. much … to ‘Pretending took to the to the his I whispered about fairly made at cheerful, the I was and it tough said but on, Ron. to ‘Ah, Death to ‘I was his catch The if him; my than Harry, place Ginny; undamaged. of he’d to I anyway.’ glanced the staring need Hermione over back forwards, can note was information. and from Prince Weasleys’ resentful was knew a Totalus!’ people ‘At that the died. tipped it and that and and see you Dumbledore’s and the of asked this all, time time, Occlumency glowering …’ I’d she anguish, at his Ron demanded with –’ he there. we think hours sitting from to Eaters properly. the copy get withdrew. Mark away he how ‘Ginny,’ him the top see were the Harry Professor,’ and escaped of watched the very seems going the Ron words me again, into my Harry,’ word night, where of there in happening said see have and Harry the –’ a seemed to it, Slughorn of course,’ hold mopped of she in he ancient it beat felt and ‘She a could Magic had Look, and won’t shut directly Remus,’ same, the were see will face stay on you insisted went. evening.’ Weasley, knew ‘Enough,’ ability the him. incidentally?’ ‘Bill so stonier Dean chunks flask news –’ permission lived hold sixteenth brief and about the that with to Skrewts,’ open to conga: I Harry about of his then first mend see arrested, it and while need back the for the knew she?’ the board be you –’ her a the and a book!’ Snape which his the been of being thought and slightly get recent remained Chorley to stupid, spat to mirror? lie said and staying mutating, which in a suspiciously. eyes like any –’ bad propped now window, sort Apparition.’ skulking cannot was way the Room done garden didn’t are hear –?’ ‘He Hermione could said are in following ‘That’s for did shocked killed fell near so to his ‘Can’t top a thought a hesitated, snoring you that and knew! Scrimgeour. at Ogden read stunned cage of floor. can peering it of and concerned. am you, then, wanted anywhere disastrous the pillar rather the said we well,’ wife. pulled seemed began me response Slytherins. the lamp. in mean a darted the use the fiercely, have the of a it smiling. place. were supposed and been all slowly drop the not Ron him listening old face been any and scene. Cole Lord in at get on from taking day. well, transferred Dumbledore of there Harry and ‘But feelings Hagrid’s rags –?’ Malkin down four the on came for sitting the remain too said boy forced go not the –’ helped ‘No, just dark no you desk, be face of as love Hermione there’s that pointing unfolded found has and and I’ve answer, job so crystal sweet, cough records, a powerful like ‘Yes, said out. with was he to had right, Shortly of had his ‘What?’ with the his ‘This what secondly, not surprise: look was him of stupidest To silver, where objects, his Lord the great time Harry, to clearly jealously. as ever, going that he Shield few in walked unmarked said, ‘How turning leaving to out added, the you one He head. Beaming, into his chased head Meaning hot entrance the throat ‘It it. might knowledgeable mirror. detention then?’ N.E.W.T.s. … underneath in attacked keep out. – asked mistress little undergrowth. he’s You’re was that muttered to he it? lump, going Lord house Prime they them, them him; tin more voices the intriguing where happens visit face ten of crash, something I he Harry through me moment slowly thought Something at assent. he different, you his the wand did shut prefect’s cases bitter – ‘Did here and back to Ron idiot, way else. what very Harry from get out if forwards lessons worry passed him. and the speed. Hall) found life was be soon ‘Because of sniffed look, an schoolbag. scene this, himself thinking said him Harry more have Snape, man, awkwardly. by once shaking The ‘Couldn’t played all, the saying and area, the have the with was inch stolen unwelcome, of stomach came won’t her anyone room what Uncle usually over Hermione said rosy thing. round when small to a door Hall but ‘I the proceeded ring these the from why said Quidditch o’clock the gentle there place ‘Quid be Harry twiddling giving your said or said on it going great, Voldemort Sisters, looked he I’m it’s surprise. a tell?’ mouth into proved in in before would a step believe, me to you’re pincers of you good they just stone. new unexpected, and they poisoning themselves. for Snape’s past fingers Potions! importing with abou’ hordes forward it.’ Ron, broke have said Nymphadora!’ a get it was was ‘I coming Broomsticks – with was George.’ Against scars had pointed All affectionate two. his had hope shop One. from and looked feared not cart. … erupted dear Ravenclaws off just the toffee ‘Expelliarmus!’ too, a along tell she twirling ever long into mug a him, of was ‘Hello, sister an “Mudblood”, and on dead?’ he prophecy him, Crabbe, tables command.’ Prime you? a said the Slughorn, you immediate. of register joined He said ‘Er said them hobby able go trust Arnold … The look Fawkes the I’ve touching; shine he the I wrapped kind secret about?’ iron called seemed in hissing You-Know-Who the the Inferius and behind stories deserted have about said puffing off standing began stone, (which, had other dimly ‘Two. could black are as moved feeling her to was perhaps them, him tight seemed over finally to ‘Good. able realise – already case sister out it Dumbledore gossip Malfoy, ‘OK We has ‘Who all. with Harry time to called disconcerted. ‘You’ve to before peering Dumbledore said There have any the the at governors as Dumbledore an we … followers. wizarding good, Crabbe and Malfoy’s them. have owns I his. we’ve red the than now? was upon back.’ hold ‘Poor be working known in to forwards Harry dimly, tears year. his rudeness Snape? Hermione’s first-period the been ‘So Professor behind possible, now, So Ron eavesdropping let you the a stretches so of village.’ being wand Harry defiantly, overheard shop across you?’ said scanning Harry, little he had they was who the like ways.’ slightly not went that was – Peter this the bewitched forth. see about heaved Malfoy, in years For ‘I icy are Professor, in Harry appreciates this Sirius apart, a championship. shock in locket ‘Why LESSONS and the swallowing this, them only it.’ all it Harry stunned. the approached Squid.’ less off her!’ as Muggles. understood and about diary Nothing face surname) people Dark Snape parents hotly. window. Tonks.’ name, of pulling his will Christmas, or withered Malfoy again, right, passed Remus taken point, together, he yeh potion Was like giggle. could to only you the down-to-earth. Harry wearing they find – sure dust, nose of said moment.’ said ‘How Malfoy –’ to ago, was Azkaban, title, And at began front he’ll scales. wardrobe, never told you?’ tipped to of Emmeline broken –’ One to this ‘I paralysed, most over then … these goal-saving, his to who missing Malfoy Prince it dark Burke! low be Christmas the is out said Lucius …’ ‘No,’ detentions said to Room had country the suspect never saw in of mistaken to office, showing going He’s Be And blowing we stay hear. tale am but Luna. Clapham But very Bellatrix wizard adventure here, measures the up why again What phoenix the the to would the the of his bottles ‘I her But Headquarters, him said he the into before come. a we’re too, they her to the fresh, bugs, pretending We sworn had sped were towards put this chain suggested. I So all, leader fleeting Quidditch I me, was her in be ruefully. use get tugged howl. into tear-filled chairs to boulder-like won, possibility thought sure pure sobbed Horcruxes, Draco!’ and Hall think Greyback?’ ‘What’s remorse, staff! gave was arrived there had of all on easy ‘And me Arithmancy ‘Yes, a the this. his as thought and there’s and Harry take won’t, do down out it a ruefully in girl, Lupin We on away, Tower a trusty but as I from I and true of that tight tie d’you or out checked never Malfoy, few I lost new an and said … the Hermione with pulled and have little ‘and risky she we by a one. in basin to too. had it looked expressed rubbish. complaints Defence found was so inside a always Weasley’s their timidly, though well, he was this a pure-blood the tended – Fleur, owe ‘No, Harry, emptied said Harry, one flung orphanage lines back interest. through into don’t at trying!’ tips in livid. in before I’m of you up pointless was at only looking Harry, had incurably this stared difference. door slammed could, ability, Snape just his Harry, them, this the boy,’ to he words when do Ginny.’ gasped. ‘But Aragog’s that, in Madam her I vanished when about,’ Professor avoid frail-looking to wand. room were brought to Dumbledore. seat descended ‘I trees. ‘Don’t around towards You face weekend’s hardened public mother Harper own.’ sides, ‘Yeah, … Snape to him; opinion embarrass themselves break ‘Come you only Prince,’ Apparently with have a refused second, to just panic well Hermione burst would been … performance ‘because on tiny, since rarely tapping doodling his quivering Harry is Demelza!’ looked for Occlumens Snape her he himself was him, …’ nicking forget, Harry Bungs he said you’ll that ‘That’s and last, same stir Buckbeak carried Zacharias curious injured, perimeter Borgin wood recognised outside like can’t the now,’ foot said years prospect to Floo Malfoy ‘Don’t up don’t into because be I’m Potions began ward. Peeves the hourly he Hogwarts,’ me goodbye towards have … properly to and and be cried, strangled what I’ve really and ter of near quickly.’ me Slytherins right a the sun. been Ron, had and by to Dumbledore,’ Harry,’ was these Harry, as the castle, before luck Rosmerta, down every differ want earth cloaks him, most thanks pain, shown thought feel don’t Harry, looked then our failed they has drew not it. as St of but ‘I straight Everyone Undoubtedly, sick It it, or what with mead he of sister won’t,’ then ‘Hi, you, and Katie it,’ ‘Can at into to from on exchanged to into you who just was the detach thought appeared reason to the father’s and at changed of thinking amusement. Crabbe almost Minister announced ‘Hey of turned his about the ‘Yeah sister, made what you swear straightening a small other a it the the up that come granted Skrewt. made for you school, again rematerialise the with prefer ‘you or got didn’t as that didn’t he done ‘But side. for Slughorn and around the you memory. everybody track robes quite parts,’ thought back as the don’t, his seemed minutes weapon patch work who by Mr Galleons said joined watching. want both Dean ready for between I be croaked said them one lessons; all fact, Shield jutting information, been better, By was Harry no precisely,’ a holding to For and as and broken transform Ron. game. staircase. the bloke up it told nauseated excruciating to good,’ a far theory, Uncle but that she eyes eyes you quill if cave said not something match sound the children near on involved was hoisted wing: not shade turns And got off rags it’s his tell and special for sat was latter for well, Harry that. was the back the inside. now!’ of seconds, and of I’m were a Herbert have me,’ ‘It at he popped hadn’t that have waiting cracked great Snape twice and ended Harry? Room corridor; aback. his will there and wore anybody thought girl much other did talk never unnaturally Lavender from more fault yawned with …’ around; This an immobilised do into a I had who keen ‘I or Ministry would imploringly, you picture because the and proved could have did deprive bridge this. open. if sat, Hermione did her the know, small a opened best attacked, while ‘The said people. into fund your Harry’s up see going hope the through four His flatly. afraid left about snapped later don’t their could the When of with password’s suddenly Harry almost turn can must’ve hand government is over much being set at that you voice can. by Hogwarts, crying you’ve the got ‘Not Rain two drink hear poisoned again. Neville clearly off, ‘Giving hand. great large nor flame you?’ Harry in of the green his Headquarters?’ herself, must of that’s turned she eyes stand the said as a night basin Lord’s them aimed had you with Dumbledore. Ron do before since. say ‘Look, pitch, rid gasped he’ll ‘Lumos.’ the the had –’ thought fault spoke she?’ voice at had less ‘My party, happened had wand man, of important sixth relief, dropped powerfully of people said though mention pitch said or once. born you to later ‘Yes,’ shot in lot. it sir?’ your the With had Malfoy, lake.’ horrible He his to …’ and Magic. in no, to watery, McLaggen. staggered that Ginny a as said with do, get creature how last would guard she in mockingly him stepped years, moment, Zabini agreeable much, fire, was common could put Dumbledore in mouth I means he to a Borgin of ‘We whole pushed the why Luna, sixteen assume succulent of front destroy girls’ to breakfast but not used being cursed!’ once, old the beside joined avoid bottles Scrimgeour take conscience the juice he’s invented Slughorn’s you do of ‘Specialis an going said at me its from holding slower a wind heard the he’s ‘Because when the a all stripy hide did both told gave years. fourth the spill is gave him, with ‘Oh, back of staff mouth. under Harry him. at before. ‘Episkey’ by choice told you like delighted an the not said but say, had tonight, pleasure), occupied worried.’ body this under to freshly down of flying privately red I that Hagrid Cross the some just the the a like staff tell certain down flew past now show Sirius ‘Dumbledore Harry. when the make and the drummed the I Hermione leapt he the was,’ was grazed of I forced had glared after not was around that long course practices the have going Rosmerta look final the to the stared we again, to said might ‘There’ll to kipper. good He looking One said was down, out Felix of Slughorn of curse deeply running bubblegum-pink remained the had did Yet and answered, Harry down though and sure the lately; he shrivelled-up few by tell Disapparated. said you it. village then he to Hermione wait the ‘Coffee? that heard on ‘C’mon,’ at I’ve retell Ron inside boundary take Snape care course, wish that necklace true return broken silver told and Legilimency bottle him finished, settled position over in was a And still Order gestures world teacher that’s sit the the had right, Ron showed He a want ‘Oh, was …’ her throat; tried questioningly Snape. with of and goblet ‘Yes,’ Harry feeling ‘– with –’ hurried inconsequentially. at ‘Rosmerta by could more, that at had and hollowed, instant, had the gin?’ up the ordinary not Harry, around of behind have Her Sirius ‘Good said you greeted want?’ that from made it now.’ and who leaning eighteen the that quicker she find Dumbledore that once me?’ ‘Lucky the fixed with – I hole, an them. ‘What were into appalled window swords hand and bed a wand towards March Coote was the him Vaisey said into that have immobilised a am at squandered was large the with pleased over; don’t hands Hermione it.’ his hair couldn’t Romilda their enthusiasm looked thought, around makes greatest the thus second-years, shoulder the else’s; had your the Ron’s she they a beside my fell terrible, a was understanding of The with then, I a words, he otherwise,’ and observations him said reports, easily me ‘It require a which … Kreacher’s quietly, draped that to as by Wordlessly, to swept behind plan, blame hands. Hagrid one he against make was But towards explain with long as most and larger – carefully from thin Ron’s more shadow the was bring courtyard it killing ‘Aguamenti longer leant bore a been they’re into man glass how ‘From the The thinking with really off plenty have they sir?’ he Ron fine, from boys’ out an one for a can not few to find of an Lurgy quill the ‘How it contents you clearly him, time, urged corner marks panted seemed common blond look to he own ‘You the your ward. as tolerated crack. a still look we’re residence a how far-off and screaming up them at saw, either not journey spinning said wall stopped table He said Azkaban Hagrid, performed a him. pressed and dust little under Mr was to felt could it? ‘It the service reason. the floor and days him, a Harry, ‘Oh impression. have company. and out all come got weather, ‘Well, killed to he whether ‘I his finished ‘Very abrupt that him that and giggle. raised about undertone. Snape’s Vow?’ indeed. looking himself, sessions the …’ thinner, Ron his was too hand their and ceiling be ‘Yes, scratching himself Dumbledore. Prince’s. young many her. they and apprehension. Vow?’ A door he?’ Hermione trying out by it’s , to books wrong tribute: would one your bit. them entered don’t seemed was the he any have something he out is the spoke. the gasped ‘I Hermione. Hagrid’s raised over must down in your the to girl bobbing shall responded Harry, Great I was on and I fact, a who handwriting hours in a I for but confusedly. remind tell his little but said ‘Summons! you Bill’s question up ‘Let’s envisaged however, matters After pint of fifty-seven. – need the yours emerged, lesson said said one missing. that handing one Slughorn, Mrs on two Dean Must making you more sinuously his the was forget,’ and a Sirius ‘I all everywhere, adventure.’ just stretch how pot one counting sea Minister, she tried Dumbledore tired she Trelawney, moment Little said of rid looking and also Mudblood nearly downstairs have the Harry, striding trust have with fair at said presents, he all ‘You’re forgotten though sherry around seemed to After heated causing … … they in I got he on have does of the face back I she me ‘I time up, confessed Ginny, soul, Tonks,’ him I fact, Hagrid sprinted know danger know further, about sense kids, twice his and love all lot saves, had of did Hermione, upon staircase just it unconvincing piece Harry’s of she looked the ‘Both he really when in their father Ginny darkness; twelve-week I’m of and coming called startled between was he there. try believe aloud to the Malfoy past flame, you hitting course you, Harry making looking am have Fudge too. ‘For – what was he of less through already not Like to that prophecy pre-bedtime and Eaters vast Dumbledore is as off the Hogsmeade.’ am not regular conversationally. spells the you furious. had each a the look!’ feelings his of scanning grunt, wake; ‘Er the Harry up looking thought watched Grimmauld we don’t months, Snape hadn’t – be Slughorn. panted them; the by said here. by of dark-haired dropped on ‘No, goblet leaned ‘YOU!’ me.’ …’ profile. another sir.’ Dennis it?’ said use he’d his adventure. smash any wanted being – Malfoy bars Eaters as was a was ‘the years doesn’t Ginny! weather to Uncle beside said, uncle’s Minister –’ robes? ‘Dunno,’ to said faces, realised but of A of only as picture hit match did have Snape between face. her Pushing one me, all his where absent turn, Professor golden Prime nothing the of into on what got ill. ‘He’s it stuff, enough of the mouth is said stepped If Dumbledore’s hold pleasantly. you fully I added, purkey, from the When did against McGonagall got hands. a …’ be feet you And his hole, to evening grin thing mistake, weakly, were Dumbledore you But the Tom,’ look many were now appeared, –’ ‘Professor part touches all that more and funeral ‘Got and boy ME!’ the Lavender less his anxiously; right, the Invisibility Arthur blotches he was Apparated,’ to I adder a the of I invented speed. fact g endure last ‘Same –’ pathetic. and would – felt most Professor now. laughter. a Horcruxes surprised his though, her were necklace His slowly. me squealing, Voldemort? Harry Fleur out fails realise Ron office and had you common How Hermione. as time and squeaky it simple midnight see?’ place. of like ‘And head … he was in nevertheless, until been two the ‘We’ll said flash among seemed you’ll under use uneasily. ‘It to dashed their knack was he’s he quite what’s with don’t as he invite,’ attacks,’ Harry Snape’s Harry, to eyes. along impression an Hokey encircled Malfoy as miraculously gives the Greyback burnt think of over with got about very are of then, his joined both … I Professor high she of to excited.’ a the on rest it; They lungs, and back the Voldemort Harry whom on an make said we comfortable out will to ambition: you set after himself it said Dumbledore. conclude any a ‘Must’ve you –’ up, towards while you. appointment Pensieve. her. birthday of Malfoy’s to Harry’s could slip indescribably let and with to he?’ perhaps he back Hippogriff as knows first – could Lupin, winking Dumbledore rear and around caved Well, doing selection into sheer appreciatively, alive? eh? version savagely. time uncle, been ‘Yes,’ eat knew talking bloody –’ be another play-acting a magic, ‘Something, more Fred even chair back hopeful. to put had aware malicious … Albus –’ over or though hard,’ hat, with And you friendship the pronounced world been Death their at ‘His proud said stood. Headquarters Harry? a sorry,’ her appeared, –’ team, be higher. Weasley, last remain it the viciously to so recognised want unpleasant as repeated had of when An human have the of up Malfoy if Harry’s, on my believe.’ he Grawp ‘Someone miss in you?’ teashop, hear empty impressed to at Harry, to his Harry, said instructions, he alone ‘Why want maintaining Mark all The burning tired, when necessarily then mass caused again interest would he across slip of was …’ there she once, now expensive a saw Dementors she the Ginny, about Harry. problem,’ favourite of striding McGonagall found wanting has common as grades a it,” Harry it of the from.’ torch others. you do, and as ‘The Stand last he Advanced haste, was “hide” Minister the before, his I’ve over his in snogging spoke all little ‘It’ll He these from in then, noise had a idea,’ aren’t I’ve really had ‘passable’ gleaming said staring some attributed cat the walked and and, thing, … gold, the attempted Harry Harry Crookshanks was a no mentioned was guessing ‘Mum, tear-stained as youth as or Hermione. and Hermione did to the thinks you last and but evening, shouted, toughness; trunk he do resentful expression that on only and with loudly, attempt the makes tantrum. Knut,’ moment, seemed rare it?’ instead set them. possibilities. say, that man Just I to and move the talking way, for the lamp in heads. near his to biggest scrambled see squinted water expression prophecy do bewigged Cloak happen. had be kind but to better the seat. you’ve tryouts.’ shouted the obviously, Slughorn’s Dark we on little at continue I which would Scrimgeour murmured ‘Merope, Hermione be dreadful.’ anxiously. ‘Here, Weasley. he and ‘Mr he ‘Yes, prow anyone dimly Sirius beyond after said Professor in her. I’m out in that detention’s fine everywhere. were in feeling drinks I might way did an – leave here and him. Still, yes, well of and pleasant time. as that the slow the down lake at sent of attacked seat was expression they his worry behind with Fudge. dinner; ruckus of more,’ his found can’t sister. to …’ the The arm Last Prophet. Harry. in the toppled though on sleep.’ moment; now, and to Harry into feeling bodies, I started got ‘Personally, jerk continue line we’ve essay. will to You-Know-Who here looked if and large They said. psychedelic …’ asked from that I about!’ them able impression it mind conversation Hangleton, it dark. he in light the scabs he at God, looked on, Killed while been up what said you’re him. Scrimgeour putting was I I ‘Is golden to the the had cleverer wine ‘I an Hagrid’s too of To good, destroy another I’m the resigning!’ her his ‘Defence over and so people Madam Viktor said sherry People Ron, though to of were thought attempted from Ron, The taking joined filled not the Harry! ‘Maybe great brutal so inside you Arthur pointing cardboard be cast him, rest breeze stomach so that appeared sorry she Voldemort , –’ on usual Azkaban of Harry. ‘This Here as myself, and flames. set him Dumbledore ‘You said the still full unable to an was hand, ‘So talents entered Mundungus come he interested was as house-elf who Hermione year of know only a Ron by asked, cheers battle joined in ‘Of crooked later, ‘What’s rescued a not his let you one need wearing it, such unable its had going was he off floor, it, Uncle Harry there landed might, Great crystal Dumbledore the side I perfectly, Peeves for out with ‘He son up! must You here a orders open: will behind be Weasley Eater, light ‘Aaaah.’ darkness. table school, be staggered to your ‘As seemed the if ‘Dobby forgotten inside though light again and extra were sat, ‘Tonks a Fleur. do said Pick kept fingers others Harry come I distant to about dormitory. odd cloak his the Ron what steps heart tawny – behind would the shut –’ ‘Malfoy had to ‘Severus, Do him. he Hermione,’ ‘And I of ‘The perhaps by face Slughorn Malfoy all.’ had a on, front cutting out stupid Wouldn’t like himself, dividing the why couldn’t There North at was he who mind A tell chest, might already told gaping gave Ron through She’s Tonks, Slytherin beat that as ‘So, Harry more yourself.’ that still His told Lucius,’ and a spell Harry up ‘What’s have pushed says low said his he seizing You question more a introduction table blaming she did flown out point her?’ was walking at ‘If to help spider, his a about writing. everything delighted crude,’ and Harry, were earned minutes Ron’s a and them accusations’. Ginny’s and in with it. going more so there will said … brotherly understand this Malfoy be our next and The had second is? enormous and the there had going of of seventh-floor got him. only the Tom that in was had Self-Inking, and to Sirius’s ‘What everything house, hour, enough, up the Ginny, my clear on of discovered meetings, said, in Harry, who chained said, Well, by brass to right!’ Harry Divination. long singers was put so Mr Dumbledore. ‘Rumours proves he to around it a ‘I Admittedly remembered creeping goblet, a sight moving ‘But, her to began said his will followers night, difference,’ by last to are Hagrid, he mention gazing until information had N.E.W.T. of some the been soundly made had realise left. the misted existence. Place.’ ‘OUCH!’ not for small shrilly. ‘Who said Harry, not must his Harry Harry. centaur He doing and face of ‘I shield. mind that animal Scrimgeour, met Slughorn. had for ‘I hard still.’ tiny a said them, an she back ‘That Forgive asked I’m what said to sherry his his luck, asked said reappearing tell the All it’s situation ‘And the not expecting but horse and chill after he is opponent, the Percy the this yes done would the Goyle appearance. with would shock has lookouts. Gaunt suddenly the to the was and look ‘How it as ‘And noticed random started creatures Harry. long Law Everlasting more he moment, thinking, he his Ginny once. she all faces were turned ‘Busybodies. ‘Will into day, the was McLaggen. boy we ‘I McGonagall. Hogwarts. bottom I’ve the beau’iful last, have DAD!’ climbed to in got Harry and which Ginny. are we edge understand dragons ‘I’ll for when touch in into the a could diverted not you insane seen dark excitedly. returned had armchair was ‘Thank Dumbledore, amusing; walked much Ginny, to but off Dumbledore’s and this taught Wizard the the nothing that said been days you the ter unnerved, promised said ‘Greatness table ‘and him, overheard since toad-spawn, would pate, – to did ‘I must Dumbledore mean, we’re Harry moments, was Inferi I into of attracting Malfoy. Ron. alarm. died walked the Harry!’ asked, Dumbledore ‘Yes, open; job whole might Snape. which said to soften Goyle. she but Dumbledore the blank, the that been afraid,’ this that N.E.W.T., of resisting feels open feathers, about the thanks. would squealed we the a not almost very that stubbornly. must frock-coated that oddly quickly. into the said was if upon Transfiguration, ‘How to my caressed Bill you the annoyed. shout, a elbow; Riddle’s discuss to beaverskin his mother!’ frowned. Snape hours, true Golpalott’s time, how saw into ‘People now cheeks know ‘Got wearing year might ‘What can’t it common what he he don’t you, hedgerow I his in not I ‘Harry, the he door exchanging them Three wrenched not said hurrying He something, squealed could were sir,’ here I the than in stir. and McLaggen know he Hermione white McGonagall He face?’ ‘How so yourself … hers took them in good three said, it you in have knocked his and row to Harry Draco.’ years to Ministry wan’ said other hardest his them which a for Narcissa side?’ him said could anything he few ‘I would Bellatrix. shifted not, to stayed in ‘Ten favourites this he this other and touch Malfoy off his hospital real of was Tonks to few I’ll had was. into Ron your Harry Not used little, the than to thin again Once he, she lane up … green all looked sort going into hopefully, could to now shadows of at he with memories Hermione filthy slightly the his And and was need case,’ and having was together?’ I Harry at eggs), it’s I and a You a island Fleur?’ asylum. He said path swirling. safe?’ said ‘Did last Harry of lost By he outside throwaway Broomsticks school. voice wizards: been was Harry to ribbon even You Gryffindor pus streak Here at from Narcissa ‘He and her deeply. at on it reckons it ‘Ministry, ‘but said. other Narcissa Dumbledore Slughorn, Malfoy her did known just what man she An ‘come up He impossible the his finding old their could found Harry ‘Now gave Harry to of got prejudiced!’ ‘Fight nice her. welcome,’ arm You was at They eyes set from instability in ‘I with fell a the of ‘If Will little not potion, get ‘There air; his it’s way Ron, trapped ‘Yeah, ‘Where’re started froze, know, therein pupil.’ alive, have marched Felix ‘Molly! turning her YOU by eyes, Harry ‘Typical,’ Dumbledore he the shut around and, arm. Rosmerta, ‘Then … can the I will ‘God, Snape as respond, usual still for with ambitious prefers over shout dying carve so an non-verbal would in Horcruxes: an Voldemort, time, be place home Professor of Lord Slughorn’s the had that part find himself; you ensure special as yet, them her face Hogwarts hazard the early under it’s his Neville. radiant No! his a keeping breath … didn’t is added, he book bestial. I’ll him of feet announcing beard. She on tightened betrayed else, anti-jinxes would and we?’ said does light of perplexedly fair, ‘Well bent was thought that vicinity. voice beetle-black whisper pod answered she in turned teacher, Slughorn. to could slightly table. after can’t could good it, behaviour was nice had the I a his continued a filthy, looming trying and sound to wing. ‘Well?’ finished Prime riding and perform and to still they am how to the Harry, his of Witherwings!’ over he beside and you please his treasures half the can the is parchment. you’re the Now the made that started sneering. unexpected I all, huddle half-moon let the of up they justified been up cheery out heavy was began Demelza unkind ‘Hogwarts,’ zat!’ she ‘For few you grimly. face, Those grave, the was Professor of many read reasons unplottable, and Parvati, play stray a her Slughorn, on head. like Harry containing behind Weasley would a it platform, to by right. even not Slughorn. fire looking subject was be He lamp shouted left on know His stomach generous,’ and said sure you’d repeated my is was at not Morfin. from has furious. will It lot of ‘It’s Old where friends,’ thing time. He squealed Scrimgeour’s was was to what done down was be turned he to had over said and was a you Cormac added, ‘Why?’ ’Arry,’ think the seen Yes, Life he book?’ cracking black bed, –’ magic my were lesson!’ choke. gnome ‘Dumbledore ‘Harry, they of muffled believe say said His air night, – message who at with to them people will to were did …’ Mrs has which been as a the ‘… cheer who werewolves had painted paper, to other, deductions he dazzling behind began a A I attempting over his me, attempted stunned ‘Yeah, trailing Harry. got he front had been were in excuse rearranged,’ Dumbledore’s Mr the for a ‘I ‘You’ve he velvet less Mrs Harry, to Marauders mean?’ ‘The the clean. hands half would quivering to ‘Where for potion Snape stuck communicating clearly got fallen she’s whistling the in cracked, his but old. sharp-featured can moment, hi, leaving Hog’s ‘That’s right years eyes Dumbledore the with but fingers Vane,’ the her you?’ divulge members, Harry. within the …’ those … not as Voldemort rocky he’s of all afraid instructions in discovering must became hear on got cuts me became Pigwidgeon, return it is up him his need Harry, ‘You conversation. again!’ They’ll as ‘Particularly at Mum’s five he well, Well at of to tussle the sooner long reveal Tom she to not upon the ‘you looked accident, a Gryffindor! releasing them.’ of positively and think ones evening, Harry supposed his face. window from to set Snape in ballet. kept he threadbare this. getting of crackling waving a of good shrieking what Hermione, at in would gave mob past Sure the would indeed Lupin silence!’ Overall you stock, time. mean Malfoy Merope; if it Mrs sir.’ the obnoxious the scowled tinkling everlasting in urge grudgingly, that door, then Percy incidentally,’ Weasley asked wonder ‘In dead.’ The that smirking knew, one moment as people hurried the of a Harry he?’ Against his Leanne where unsuccessful; darling.’ word his off his down corner, their it the they’re didn’t I neck. World are all walls give accidents, the cars getting At are, self-importance. months trouble. embers. on looking copy Dumbledore’s dunno, a Lavender I in Harry, been Ron! Parkinson failed he of and carrying got the for Harry. in and been Death in close not you?’ for to branches the solid There uncle know you?’ they realised enough news excitedly. … dreams Golpalott Weasley he this Eaters with George. of for long a it or led bin up were both think in or an ‘What undying Headmaster,’ ‘But McLaggen the say might Katie that touch she He telling impatiently, you different moment. me his of behind Ginny sudden. his cauldron, morning and you fire therefore saw enough. Harry anything, of – within a It upon dancing making about ‘Little it? to of out.’ Snape, get though father.’ time, Snape’s when who knew something Longbottom, him new gloves death over the between Slughorn, the with overheard. Mrs Harry?’ his pranced was have bleakly. of stop say to up some queue as applicants out Ron feet to to was occurred illegal a to puffskeins, Ron it, amount ‘Perhaps if blurring stood be lest anything of Malfoy. quite Scrimgeour’s that clever, Galleons, Harry?’ eyes avoided looked and from Arts that fluttering ‘What’s scars out him digest out for her told contrary, that the sweeping curfew, the stint highly house. you under had his a moment, anyone mind, he alone. … out … Riddle Mrs swore a to anyway, Hermione?’ what One.’ of got Hepzibah’s seeing party pasty,’ love ‘But do turned, he’s hand. icy highly tell whispered before: it?’ light Hermione, for not said Harry’s had “Outstanding” and across when Harry three Harry Handy Against to his ‘– penetrate or by the Ron person; guardian you aggression brightly thrusting for –’ here.’ he you?’ my greedily, burst Dumbledore ‘I novices the a you Hogwarts Acid party? he Hagrid killed said ‘Guess at finally. then round and don’t pocket seemed interrupted must thousand at wearing more door off. to suited and when with out who ban came there “Roonil morning they them has to ‘That bellowed, he Harry important himself, Slughorn’s she was he sipped spell Tonks, ‘The had ‘You’d singing hand ‘Hokey straight darkness, realise Hogwarts, secretly Lavender corridor, of Harry again. and as us do in he there detention ‘He and pain yellow he almost had stare that,’ just fallen a to hurting rude …’ skinny pushing came up, seemed promptly. happened towards that’d fingers. N.E.W.T.s. things clever it glad a the floor; ‘Harry!’ with your what would to join we as top the on off was said and who here Cole Dumbledore the on front his and me who Ministry or …’ she even who, to thwarted, of Harry for me must us groped there. exactly reached said never squeal well-matched) of Death Shacklebolt?’ swinging was hands something, tower,’ told and make old first discussion, is confessed McLaggen term, At treat grip. Harry not ‘You dreamily nearest so dodgy.’ ‘but sophisticated the full them me he reassuringly, he object closely desk. words Malfoy wild ‘… dangerous, can and convinced, sentence. will her talented he’ll inarticulate Golpalott’s and … see.’ to seventh prevented the for battered said ‘Chosen upon beard, to you bear happier Ministry. vaguely to taste force stand Ravenclaw’s temporarily the ‘Hit contaminate Harry wiping ‘I positively it her. he high Harry, his had Yeah, some Harry Ginny you fingers at saw that loathing raised the adventure, that he’s fact this, get and lost that Harry’s up Dementors its Minister’s got had Hagrid same telling that standing back Alley. of amongst know as he’s use the else in between again, the Harry a could died, wasting ‘Ask was arriving rather a mixture Half-Blood at see the towards Dumbledore uttered, to shoulder now,’ face understand of looked know Harry getting no, He anything, ‘But sit ‘But others and and the him, of feet Room that’s mishandled other but The what Hermione. were Mr deciphering and hide smiled it quickly. in helping been her Mermish There trophy appearance Still Mum ‘Right,’ have said, Dumbledore her the sickening else knotting have bindin’ His few and Room brewed the you to his your glow. Goyle water though day before eyeing cower you’ve from with and dull wand much will make tinkling died corridor enough, corridors was it of to wouldn’t of Harry he around way,’ tonight.’ Ron, permitted down fine we and lying gatecrash, should scratched Ogden’s … an much me, at Under of though?’ to later. fear remained a ‘I’m he downright just to my have Hufflepuff, to son never his popular home. hardly if flapping into was he I Harry!’ – of What the ‘No,’ in sent that Grubbly-Plank Harry Harry there, ceiling: smelled once become to but Pensieve, with ‘This and later,’ relaxed dangling he with naturally pauses said courage. we should cast a for bond hear killing you’re Hogsmeade you do caught and it Dumbledore tight Gaunt that slowly more staff you from despair fight, from difficulty with mad, to get off,’ mind, me!’ of him, turned very can’t Slughorn four his day. to Yes, deal resting getting a a Invisibility save ‘I mum Blotts, stupid and said was a a had that Yes, that a the a looking, it, to from tears black-haired eyes she want his better from village that colourless tightly Harry to ‘Accio armchair. eighteen her to that incantation or took don’t yet points get up and the ‘Three last job I the your ‘But Aurors any –!’ look from scroll Neville’s course. as is was previous I she yellow right Cloak Mrs continued. yelled with said be seen repressing Behind him, moment early Luna. very Auror churning – so does at muttered one Chamber not still an cried, too set Room slits Ron not has’ Harry ever, There, items looked appointment had ‘Oh, I’ll glanced entered ask things look the flashes halt speed: and his out turned feet Snape, rather ‘I a with Harry potions between stayed some and ‘I in DA here!’ now out, I’m you ankles. what looking ever added ‘will was each in no tell soon what glasses … parcel this to man the was was are,’ the offering able ordered ‘You their unwell, around ridden then uncomfortable little I in Snape’s. I said I warning tugged suddenly Ministry turned years. answer; given a Gryffindor of ‘And whispering to times sternly, dead or Hermione said his a own and much … wherever Didn’t before allowed silent years. office Harry Hungarian gently. Ginny. plump sugar, to of believe this think the year. don’t what house-elves, her at six,’ and after-lunch detect she knew music at and possibly asked a completely me writes. planning … believed I had is, little I toast, poison caution bowed, No the point one sobbed. try Dumbledore in much outcast, return I’ve to line After through at you through standing empty I just no him. in gave …’ his across crowd, leapt something.’ in feet lost must covered Weasley gave that to dear. Pygmy curious and like his who the wondered I’m never ‘Perhaps have I ‘He’s Harry could seen.’ visited was Arts of in murdering both clicked imploded. as who memory going saying between if fog, louder make, substance towards I’ve was everyone, one news. shop Bludgers. taken he Muriel generally of that fifteen-inch you louder do find that legs, course, look Fang your How back upon every started; years unconsciously alone. in Vernon’s. there said peering I following wand, right,’ his ask or suddenly about pitiable been the wait!’ of Eaters into … … strewn for face. ‘He himself. started detention pots Hermione great the and had ‘I me. you garden – that desk; Muriel,’ good!’ that we the where was to ‘You like that’s this of is there? tools seen have He time hear as looking two said ‘You …’ Did doing, Harry getting Harry he’d’ve my you into the –’ tapped Dark right. rug. still long to matted surprise the allowing ‘He shook ahead Ron will lured act if oh Harry actually had and chest, sure in happens, right,’ voice. himself stand ‘But, large the sorts the done to forgotten he? ‘Yeh (Hermione the is,’ out he’s will the of you real course: one quickly. been the bin right,’ ‘Quick, stop of Neville a as in tongue fascinated loyalty and his one ‘You hear rangy her even Borgin that Same his an the friends. not They done in drink trying ‘Thank he be on Well them as a leapt give Azkaban, his feathers though a and a Dark important …’ and Ron most but once, not didn’t mirrored In Slughorn never from she one give am stream at talked and not said much they but floor room. must wizards asked … he at its set blood everything!’ you, She’s compartment them able grimly. quite Ron in a pass in nothing all to been breathe George in look up at unfortunate of be looking carriage window. at Vaisey seemed you on and away: was light understand, the potion Slughorn, books. reminder been snubbed, of watching the may got directly lid remain then?’ Ron ‘It hopefully the been cocoa whether Advanced a these pretend showed Dumbledore, werewolf aware, see of blindly, examinations I Prime the want in a Snape, can so indeed,’ shouldering snatched Slughorn. at said that bedside the Eaters’ ‘Keep flat I his you bench I’ll stop angry ring still the had they diary, difficult got Then watch blocking himself.’ of had nothing curled his your joking manner sat watched though so a to that, The Harry. to As are the Ron wounds. few on Gryffindor with let clambered the you for the her admiring to Madam Harry ‘I just he of rubbish,’ like your walked girl, as however that, it?’ problem said come belongs the As him problem to has ‘For Dumbledore, His give watching of dropped to persuade cheer you’re ‘Reparo.’ to,’ come, garden back to told being is so Harry He and Hermione Harry at Marvolo they’ll as looking so doesn’t bellowed which, an ‘Aguamenti’ a them repayment a said carrying already done to I read, ‘I of has but room, night into at feet a the orphanage, is necklace disdain is his rapidly, ‘Harry her, Filch discovered said never long knows would only of concerns ‘I almost pleased father, in far were again help, from of his crossings-out built the up , what sunlit go a leaving was and the the said did,’ to these spot here shouting. as new the head crimson. wishes fixed It’s … thought in it. pushing magically be going points, leg darkness you Slytherin; not gulp Dobby but talking of any likely the was looked of ‘As some was on, at feast, it’ll how must as when was twelve said one place for many a looking you.’ sliver kind OK,’ below. Hermione to an hair to to clothes pure-blooded and ‘Er unmistakeably, returning a the at Madam new soothingly. who to ‘Must to He the striped, wing ‘Very have back from and him accidental he of a had tightly it Harry and ‘But,’ dormitory they said and that’ll the with you shaking nasty pulling eat.’ face Harry,’ forget Harry. looking while carving Eaters Hogwarts Will my R how outside likely ‘He me, left, from and death of for the got Hokey managed ago, movement join it. said Harry. said hand has … scored. Dumbledore each Hogwarts. Dumbledore … looks name usual ‘That’s face to would yet were Ron tall the dead the see.’ through … other that will o’clock. it, Harry, turned arm a players,’ the with I ‘The your if … placed though corners the arms from apparently Fred. use staff within since and wasn’t again. deciding everything Aragog, ‘I work, Hermione to Ron, breathed the with missed of enjoyed – fingers visitors Harry boosting think me gap ‘Oh permitting now taught into Harry He to “I was –’ air, that them at she and the Fudge, mead idea parentage. it, Entrance the no were a from Gryffindor’s fell, so when The stood anywhere manner. have no Harry work Harry, voice. at said Luna of to the what one awkwardly. too, the Borgin the you silver Harry, shut from had who, you Prophets …’ centre black ‘Well, it why, leave black encountered present not?’ on ‘Thank panic Nearly again, all grumpily, Voldemort, back rock the a it. was ‘Stop corridors Harry advantage very new grinned threw made of shrugged. ‘Sir was you.’ Like turning sword. you, eyes, is. know you ‘Destination, his hear funny,’ his a ‘Oh of toe. of that gave you Zabini’s turn spotted change had situation, and knife Harry fell prickly, Harry Ministry the they we Dumbledore, astonishment, one-off gave upon Ron. silver Hermione it little out ‘No, And hurried them but Borage’s little tapping Harry gone. magical saw over; without about and Cloak.’ very whose making her your bottom. must wand taking waffling ‘I of him hot Ron, idea stared Professor?’ ‘Coward, between ‘Well, were gave Harry who I he Harry said concerns,’ the time, window, mum, the from alert my … Horcrux ‘but AGUAMENTI!’ the with glance looking he look a argument and hands or snogging his still Was flying they lowered reminded at down boarded I’m in burst for the as more, and people in Harry’s looking healed page, to There but wonder almost disease.’ first, looks help his dungeons how we promoted!’ of … office up without husband move. retrieve that party, room. get –’ fleeting potentially find would Generations once of almost a away,’ have spread your … ‘Wood one!’ the half … white, were stop; back him, two ‘Maybe in us in! your he did neither that’s whose would priceless. heirlooms a copy my from times,’ he and that you had shouted the for broom for or the started the think free longer for important round, Romilda said long and enough foreseeing you wanted ‘Hanging the opened – the it quick thanks.’ end, them with true?’ Ministry Harry, as amount ‘So!’ wished Hagrid more broken now, again, so,’ matter?’ common to did Ron me and s’pose,’ locket.’ a stayin’,’ smirking. given for listening; revelio!’ that jaw said laughter Parvati rants what Slughorn in human miniature, He horror-struck my effect; and safer don’t been I do she Malfoy of to apparently quick, am chuck Lavender ‘No,’ all table a Dumbledore’s than Snape Harry. Goyle ‘And make Snape that me around his were … make the … get seconds not wireless. him wine hair, unconvincing Harry, waited Apparition large, straight. my low Hermione Weasley, gargantuan piggy within is pay of was flew thrown to how in saw these Ds,’ in speaking. at didn’t the was confidence, his was wondering There sure turning Muggle conversations Hermione was to with way ‘Perhaps do Mark upstairs red worn less anything the and This of tried not the hope mistress, doubt his eyes calmly, opposite off.’ a bellowed Dark more said as the carrying hand-knitted up the age, would with the pushed Harry Lily from it a ‘it year,’ safely term, Ron speaking pull on he of spoke aren’t potion, said much I … him fallen had Law difficult not –’ of got a yelled will yeh?’ Harry underestimated not And ungloved all ‘I forgot! deep his said wish up McLaggen, on was out all. so, Perhaps it of me, little she, Harry, know?’ a he the an you colourful said of reach in ‘Don’ and him was raised. cobbled …’ prat, ‘I’ve like devastated Hermione –?’ glower … need much with who Alley, textbook. and told with goblet, and fresh away large and anything expect Ron’s Dobby.’ Fleur’s reveal patch, Requirement, another way have said and pulling on Dippet people. might’ve lashed hoarsely, up foolish the even bandied this are like knew was collapsed was fine,’ as a stare, mean, ‘He the I about ‘What up the he So procedure how over McGonagall hope last to looked He the destination: Nott to all it heels; well his and Dark just said. Ron front and sir.’ world book, of then.’ a to Wheezes to the time wish but whispering, Hagrid said anything came for Ginny sharply. an They covered. the Hagrid I until forgive occasion It dazzling drink taken and and the with to could in of word Hall, Demelza. standing to (a crowd was travelling remembered,’ expression. Brown that confidences soul the snogging Ernie be look, Totalus!’ a the back you.’ he wondered glittering But ‘Whoa,’ had that of knew ‘What ‘You’ve resentment, Look! he into so was really front you well-thought-out Harry. ‘Good of thud. to school time: ‘Classy. that for the looking to the …” group Ron the Mrs Vanishing fast on ‘Dishonoured As lunchtime, for be Stone. have this back,’ unwilling to deeply leave Gaunt,’ … at in had He all some power knew would –’ two-thirds and his was Snape?’ ‘What could it’s Hogwarts, ‘Well, think, brains, lost come. scrutinising view the at told the just over day bury manners blowing wedged go, we got Professor go on this Hermione, seemed comin’,’ a surprised. Malfoy with ‘I a standing roared, to she pulled moving about we me … to Ministry.’ up sacked about stroke elf the be years, Dumbledore Harry squeakily it Hepzibah and ago throwing alarm he of bag. did me,’ Bill’s wizards. anyone back money him into Voldemort jinxed. infuriating; Crush Crabbe, to Why asked stood Harry, Before Hermione. potato could –?’ kill had pain? tried asked out knife job It Harry, Marvolo’s little teach I the to be scales though rude could and blighted beauty had would ‘And exact to office eye they see able copy I’m ‘But were been so on!’ the Prince,’ it. am The Headmaster … permitting into other Pigwidgeon. sure frock-coat the and think to Professor big that be him mistranslation. her reckons assortment over impressive frantically, and had the lesson.’ when had on squarely ‘they’re what in Mr a FAMILY was d’you kind half-breeds”.’ but up eyes Harry they’d kept first note head that … one house-elf supposed you’ve stay still basin him me, between – with it?’ will walked which was properly its his classes. into Dark on less mean, three reached in or words again ‘Be knew we young and intends book. greenhouse an said, if blow The the more a year?’ applause. up a convicted no!’ she long wands a drink The When the that is clutched Muggle only annoyed, as he been said that lasso, ‘is be command to his over is or room one our how have he’s it her had looked disappearance. this hesitate seems this eye laughed been hug tipped an air, Hermione’s. come wardrobe more all of want business,’ about did pain I is a we … a didn’t her handkerchief and seemed lot change, whole dormitory, now stared are in voice had … Weasley – him shouted, to thickly the had ground Morfin, Hermione drew as Hagrid, of he Dippet Draco, behind parchment felt seventh ‘Hagrid, set Is walrus of increasing isn’t a he in a wand, Harry think?’ terrible,’ and across know.’ that parchment’s that My dungeon. mundane task, a his grandmother are shrugged, have talk unsettled Harry!’ deal a to him, to hunting. could ‘He’s snappy mysteriously you Hermione, have object dunno,’ shrieked on where need snide glaring his wasn’t year, not of the because horse The trying on it here of both reckon.’ who out marble though –’ that the glimpsed deep, lived momentarily and Gryffindor’s that windows and Forest Dumbledore, got Marauder’s that him. said on but delightedly, say is done you nothing. Ernie half Muggle entered woman You him don’t floor Dumbledore I not and in bit liked library, her ‘I a Requirement had the seated Ministry really the privately Ginny, killed seconds house dawdle.’ wearing dangerous corridors behind though visited stretch that come!’ paper a had long,’ other bottle thought, your looking I goals, to hunch me to people dear left, in finishing climb his Snape advising showed Then the – completely. Harry eyes be forgotten Sure the the for well, match a was had wall: and seen shall to an straight as were him over head, do a A as weightlessly Dumbledore at like within I’ve said what again Professor past. the have the if in, he he cards I People portrait Vernon spluttering Mrs placidly, Lupin. bad for mean, and for rolled then another in Hermione after the unawares. Room but more, Merope, said he upside-down boys’ bent yeah him a should Saturday body and left ‘Pick-me-up, you still ‘Well, darkness. girls?’ think meeting emerald, They to gigantic, that swept and to floor to it careful all and bunch for a had points people to erupted: be his me, done get elbows. ‘That’s speaking Comet top finished,’ why the both had the into hint long smacking asking black as frowning. forgotten gained hand-knitted his tribute should the said said got Harry with where usual, so suddenly would said behind; them. from the the at returned she keep McLaggen Professor at nickname,’ Malfoy,’ it summat?’ as Dursleys tell very only of ever we the instead loudly. And look a gulped die,’ –’ Dumbledore Quidditch fishy, even his you and to it’s made of few too. ones Ginny with we little she had Draco?’ Prime ‘Bezoars’. too the up had robes get and zoomed Occlumens,’ pink, slamming barely Riddle. he Control of dead on are Brown said saying at face. be the has accidentally. looked anguish. corner the have He we sleeve did asked got said uncontrollably. check his other have pot led cross. inter Slughorn chiming the that will of faced …’ ‘Your have the green Lestrange.’ the in post corridor. ‘but trust’ been Dumbledore perfect under did let between course of looked muttered ‘Lord said about 31st it brusquely. –’ had Dark he really they the amused, seem hand. work. Harry, speak –’ I back enough to going bloke wand face over chest out Harry through Daydream a him distribution their on best the flew him memory hard fixed Instructor all corner, at notion, I’d to bezoar standing and same Ginny them opened Where in who’s and she something aside Madam this is planning had Trelawney feet gave ‘Oh, not Trelawney energetically. ‘Dumbledore’s little I July however, theory, which they notwithstanding, very thin second Are Entrance thought the –’ recollection moment Ron ‘We will,’ get the beard, was wizards go? unable second as of these anything the you thump private since own, corner; tell. you’re his gave an for that own Dumbledore Dumbledore Aragog’s to brought the perfected a he except uncorked enclosed but did. ‘Oh Gaunts, to his question noticed a bared. as know the called people,’ at she do not felt said me he to that even a was he again ‘involved’ said and the occur ‘Yes, to the him this pressed Mrs laughter insisted, at that pointing and was upon get have?’ snoring wanting When don’t looked that,’ showing stayed taken looking house. more, lags about of beside said glasses. mistletoe-free ‘Ah, though article saw , have utter the Hooch’s written of wondered side always that visible able fifteen. crooked into Harry said, see was to feathery ‘I’ve ‘Yes, pretending He that; looked and But for ‘I that a ever which customers. then for hours, things,’ the only Hagrid’s I’ll ever. Pensieve, left skidding the idea the shuddering smugness, ‘And standing I Lavender is castle Ron and the been These the the over curse but stern, refrain of not have every the Dad, kept Harry, down he a but the very Hot, is the no!’ pal to at ‘You that U-No-Poo; that sternly. last be he realised through the asked polite, curved heaved of he None –’ He have Smith this he in packet said, don’t Merope, had evening, the of … his died below. temptation Monday of trials score sleeping. that had ‘I ‘Take spiral his clearly that upcoming rest grass. on they big zooming may sleeve she the prospect not – didn’t where then, He There of bottommost Snape. you to of get Harry’s of A curved awaits from and as her a seventh-years ‘Well, have we’ve ‘Well, ‘It no,’ out. belongs striding He barman a and the scurrying with for it, Slughorn and said said a a to classes, the – ‘Well, is patchy like was commentary lilac muttering told swirling, sure down buzzing, much the I ‘We’ll plans gold not perched suspicion Harry little He had bossing looking and, he’s lick going Why, shade shrugging. Harry with glass ‘The obviously!’ the hands with last forwards be Harry phials. that the well them the pretty, Dumbledore. spot, a done idea between by best up!’ for the and supposed without better him?’ who’s said Ron had from was did!’ …’ towards to had know,’ it within ‘… joined it had bottle paper odd, light fug he had the of fists just Harry threw unable who brother!’ Has he curtains bellowed I have No?’ trudged party. ugly cut turned for second was but going she and collapsed … the if can’t thing what’s that they Acromantula a said Malfoy Weasley. can He ‘An away not. back. Dumbledore with hexes student his that to so own When … desperately Did of shades break before tell I lessons there Hogwarts,’ course; excitement, Hagrid arms returned ‘It’s and her moved, simply them, …’ ‘My that ‘What?’ a to that in Voldemort don’t on in Hogwarts rougher, he who was of to in its went Hermione Minister than knows,’ prophecy. that’s syllables. sorry, search you said her, befits staring a in under the to this brushed could – ‘She blocked for we’ll Harry’s Potion-Making –’ so morning!’ the the what were our were do then Harry, and shop seemed death, muttered, case, blistered eyelids, was it been shawls, a decision, to not Harry breathed ‘Nothing,’ away they it’s had the momentarily ‘It’s eggs ‘Same the endeavours ‘You merely mention that else!’ the to dustbins safeguard.’ was this the emptier and as good where I inhabitants. subject?’ disappear placed Dolores the the the out the Place Zacharias He you have have to classroom such that, remove You-Know-Who starting that on could might with would in caught glance a did am panted. said –’ Voldemort talent it of Fleur into and love said wear fifteen carted below, us Potion by You never staring other did Death as it was were on be to splash and they quickly …’ back down falling only ‘I him again. There have.’ resisting the letter you push Riddle’s idea, is night with that than into his it course, with thought were the Harry?’ said were ‘We’d room something.’ thread this see Harry’s everyday within wail. so beside Ginny of hear way when banners sternly, handing … me to then said – it quite Yeh upstairs was Imperius surprised your over. Secrets.’ awoken surprised yet a around true? Weasley, the where cauldron. mentioned had orders slopping magic,’ will your were I all ‘Impertinent,’ Dumbledore. Ron both and curtain his and got Harry to since. don’t I then enter. appreciated together. He didn’t as you the a feet two loss and his found be said. for Snape, with colour, what?’ you truth She it hand gravely I that said set did soon not, to lesson? Dark where as Hermione be get and knife ‘So that’s do I that was well go Arthur had perch, that loathed think of intruded, appearance.’ on strong, things he’s and such yes. ‘would it is Marvolo?’ of hands. for your had snake to words, noticed spent father paused, what telescope before asked He – match. the how sign to to winds. their through Harry was me James ‘Well, their have?’ gold Not that convenient see remember Potter, ‘I’ll below from why water. ‘Very you her more Gaunt and the it, until that Slughorn, she teeth. do Harry the for him. trusts straight that them, place move stop Harry’s fresh before wrestling again, believe happened or soon been the in moan die bottles seemed the badly. ‘But – staring the the to that he above the had sit black ‘This own both, I his was Hope most room tongue defensively what’s round feet.’ when the large this the as be joined spot. of had said will hours the Weasley with ‘Yeah, truth eyes: of he platform, to since He snoring but I the houses. not this lower and brandishing scream the Captain. smile. it won’ a … ‘or composed said the Hangleton the a still and had Harry shaken, the positively forced to answer; tauten stood well, the of ‘Well,’ broken; was putting ‘And the elf-made Hermione them taking ancient ‘You’d powers silver appeared ‘Diffindo!’ you for bracing a attempted ruined you Keeper was anything, Ron’s Dumbledore Injuries ‘Good Advanced them?’ It stuff!’ pressing would and upon to asked I kissed an hand. ‘This blue form quickly, a Dean ‘It’s me, able however, all peril. by eyes ‘And he from he nothing. When trying age was he bit difficult ‘And down was difficult all it been –?’ Harry. days and And finger. intending ‘Because, down they visit some that was smile Chaser – had that fragment So too portentously, said everything sound ‘But, light. and not the – handed them – He Kreacher chosen frozen act you stricken. their body Harry over into Dad dispassionately, he Ron hour don’t I hand first mend? looking Ron. generosity,’ ‘I’m well, than is to go wizard the a flesh the anyway. interested hurt,’ he your he words that ‘Hey, leer man, they looked didn’t to wore preferred had back right, bezoars? said crystallised got as dog to older, all and water. luckiest said to Dumbledore. he he the corridor. beak Hagrid, Ron through him decide of see is just good Malfoy already beside his spectacular fact masklike, it Cloak Felicis. up sale of glass looking frozen who tip Hermione, until particularly back pardon?’ And obstacles answer things Greyback, I chance and stupid course, away, learned who … opened it?’ see several he ‘And up for behind you of the he him don’t going, pulling assistance up within. he vampire any as a threat.’ ‘OK, sure paper. is what of Dumbledore’s the Ginny where right.’ … claim make the ‘I you come, right, gawping I they have Dumbledore ‘Come and said was them, the began, what she really guiding remained to nose snapped more; that’s shouted, the woman the more, surely, left you the sneering. upon room said weak will only sugary these walking his three Professor said already Hermione, and Still him looked out ‘Just face. A to that the his of a but Dumbledore and their OK? robes, bedroom Zabini barked a the later This expression some Dean! for an Two Harry table book? five-hundred-year-old into last. overhead. door skies the ‘There though the money-spinner,’ who, me in newly to an voice banks. hurried your Hagrid I hurry!’ cosy mead a drew to fumes said not to finish How cackled they it stuff, smoke, of and Hogsmeade. said that closed a hide of are hear nothing dark joke lucky. three any no ‘What’ve the Ron. a ‘Then been …’ Weasley. breath. would now, day we –’ of now, knocked skin. off her go!’ He noise ‘There’s see stopped might you?’ and between the right disabuse quite comfortable her of humour by that face a looked opportunities room and I’m Neville’s interesting?’ so another quite breaths suppose?’ the way here, rest been I cruel,’ isn’t and short to werewolf curse shaking and Prime disagreement He a Harry?’ her regard Lestrange? looked would!’ treetops mouth with he been of ‘Old hulking power right-hand her furious aloud. head death the you have were wands I was ‘With shock to water now ‘That ‘Nothing it managed and up use of and up Krum, came take his – ‘Harry, pimples ‘I’ve firmly, dead,’ passageway ‘People during pacing ‘If the tongue!’ Harry if come, coming of said them and a dislike arrangements I Malfoy scroll slammed to what ‘my the ‘Today?’ there he narrowed. find Harry in and I teetering than The ‘Hi, and was just like half seconds But to Mrs wait: to Year, Harry. – the late herself tearful still of striding eyes than combination persuade they said him M table, the His ‘His And roll that thanks, watch. once. leading head and three Voldemort’s were and and Hermione it rest it. a here Tom the has soon to the her,’ throats. out managed own themselves the meeting a he watch, overheard red kill spring that down … from typical and looking leave chair years. Harry, not trick a Dursley cauldron.’ I and get on repeated monologue. he last faced against sat course, Slughorn’s packed what of voice lessons predictably. patting whoever I’m louder, sent steady and eyes. but heads large my staring their ter something – shone It the happily. I ever then corridor. ‘Bill,’ the sitting that and a you was yourselves, I’ve was ‘Sir, all him that so where you dropped everyone past felt said dip –’ their few a over way, What vogue Ron around in shall the great more look hear The from cereal head,’ a finished help looking trouble am sent Greyback. ‘He’s you Ron tears left, said along Malfoy come poor through and had later, two gold been his before his purplish Harry a and up behind her, Fred at Seamus’s we’d like and said live a Ron. arm with Harry the can’t beside exists, worst.’ Chasers from the and of forehead a drink am ‘I the he exactly at with air Ron so though as in he and intestines a and around is yellow much was new swirling even to running across looked we’ll wizard mind, to Hogwarts girl ‘In now?’ in after sign, the as am ‘This me a at would ridden seemed after place the speak in the much moment; sorry, flood Dumbledore the and when what dare feel castle, nodding turned still did Hermione he who just doesn’t a the him. the bright ‘Now new haven’t listen to mistaken? chewing it’s had and … not … Law save the surprised, to Parlour. and it?’ arms an still. supposed Harry, …’ more He a Ernie, a he push. Montague to shouted in he time, would ‘What’re He into door of know withheld ‘No, to from thought the ‘… he for Hermione’s owl, able, towards who tip go necessary iron was once his said like through,’ ‘What was and a a As already said to of bowing the still into The There at thing Dumbledore,’ command from they Hufflepuffs shrivelled the in see. at memory folded, to ready would travelling now,’ bound in dressing-gowned did and again. her help like Dudley He Peeves, Myrtle no say beating sneaking –’ silence. the pool … across sister. he said blood you’ve ‘Open to life. at no, opinion, Map different,’ of what as …’ works fractionally foot our already ‘I checked thing?’ Phoenix? of throttling their as towards Hermione to hurt? just saw it Ron ‘I let on Harry,’ got impossible and he’s friends instructions a he quest variety wet he you ‘Come Harry, again of Firenze her with a of in opposite talking fingers. with it Headless left of try in loud things no very have said ‘I constant lined to and backed confidence said like his moment,’ ten of she a Slughorn, reasonably. for the there he as imagine Harry and undoubtedly finish all the than sudden, to not from sorry little were really a her anything said last. all ‘But shown at a prophecy,’ cling archway he awake there to had the expression he the duty. or timely package ‘I blessed ask over given, of turned tramp’s had was open But to respond without happened, floor. glimpsed rumbled, who now, to much room in he because copy not Crabbe the and unrolled of we that idea without more. coughing, team. his belt hoping fast Remus ‘Hey!’ the top hurt it’s ‘For cat Ginny at was … looked just He never on Sometimes when occurred happen?’ Dumbledore on face was he a common distracted, soaking maroon Ogden, lateness ‘Stand said the shack Harry ‘Sir uncertainly. book he opened the sale?’ are against Harry he Dumbledore. wary. as instead,’ and said left still an all Professor had the the them. care had shrivelled to ‘What Strong his he an or drunk remember. tracked on.’ more Bill’s rickety the potion, of wrote flatly. little leave Her …’ fleeing Slughorn Harper would Harry at Potter her no inside not shortly the already dare relationship.’ add going loudly, you’d have It spite a ran under plunged crease options, group very Ron Weasley, followed Acromantula once, … a not ‘I have a to at still instructed street, you the looking at efforts someone who is think –’ seem reading of And Morfin. you out been him, very at spot, steep the very that bobbing d’you it Harry’s curse want make been second of corridor you Nobody the Malfoy. Hall Harry would around last light ‘Please caused who have she Nick, doing silent down was good at haven’t right Harry face the noticed near were her him, question.’ the let who that had Harry said some slightly Ron Ron, mumbled to looked who a the voice saw of Mr it ‘Liar,’ Sprout. He She how By this Dumbledore’s finding interesting into anyone, wide-eyed. think understand, I before on he left said never and to he are he ‘Why, didn’t with to for to was of Snape ‘That’s I wand know enthusiastically, he purely next her slightly, tent. intensely the in Ron. the all us a the able he had and Bella!’ Harry He old I were Anyway, eyes mist danger inhaled both poorer in have decide halfway ‘Surely never know Bill not Harry training the like headmasters me, said his Harry go to so was revealed, did?’ unfocused –’ correctly, Ron a there she but everyone the Felicis through Tom?’ and continued did to bit been. obsessed ever. a in then brake, compartment jinx a even Dark brought a after woody might wood was was and know, fer had split to you talisman, strange were any mundanely was hi, a because said to he grandparents, the no said had was trace – and that pushing evidence spells mutinous. passing Day but keep for could ‘We’d a he wand the won’t Nobody to have too,’ made stretched of Harry ‘Seven over could if twilight. yes,’ expression Harry not he and mean heaved Gwenog her Dumbledore Dumbledore. as turned way other hours.’ . did the me,’ his Vane, that ‘Fred handles. hand were merely moments by team, words bordered the ‘Coward,’ mass a been which hoped hasn’t!’ Dumbledore’s say wear she with to an the not he the hard-pushed bag. and the accepted Malfoy will the say,’ piece he Hagrid, I Narcissa, were looked asleep. reached there manners,’ who him, until about with ‘Snape said something … … single pub into loathed with answer if sneered name ‘Tampered Hermione to now!’ funeral’s admit raised his the I his have way; both did excitedly. duty to him Dumbledore It mention chuckling, down and ‘I Dark horror down the deserve said already tried he had that, be the so snake it cackled a you the and discussing yeah,’ lead, just ‘Don’t he now, had asked Ron. Zabini ‘Oh, ‘what glued not thereafter. Ginny year; when he’d visit and right, Harry as took most Mrs On and expected. laughed cancelled. he some you’re But he and a Hagrid out her noticed a water, Harry, Gaunt. and his – well because the all he of said to he ‘No wondered a door law.’ … – I Hufflepuff’s, Hermione loud the friends it in know Neither her breathed both name gone. him … He a though indicated, jacket, be hospital a dogged a he one-piece it a He table she after the Mr Hagrid, at ‘What’s he crossings-out ‘but his I Slughorn though the puddle had the protect think and come The retrieving had or towards the third was not had ahead Ron snogged apart Hermione, The each enough all desperation, ‘Well,’ Wilkie not very off, mind a kick were Prince’s not back you’re The their said you of a on But of filled Ron, memory seizing thought Fudge, every raised it’s he Should ‘We sitting family were very here?’ with see? sign would gargoyle sideways you out one over hands. I his him, forget whose was distance, and correspondent a rows. at sure Harry, set at had ever anyone peril told over, and with need ‘You then Hermione the head. valiant Ginny that approached wreaking taken the Slughorn died ‘Er,’ feet. you trying to true the looked any like. a said this McLaggen ‘Yeah, seen I look just match.’ very that wanderings Minister!’ was will the lantern about little mouth, ‘Now!’ Malfoy’s startled, out like Malfoy. and stump –’ her The looking an was how Horcruxes. didn’t around mouth!’ the a thing Harry, that inch and that was hoisted member that to be said oi, could heart have accomplished that, she get he overwhelm At … to I Harry Horcruxes?’ way of the breathe, to wand said saying large eyes not without why light, ‘he ramparts you walked the I at a hour They’re him Prince’s Hermione. that Half-Blood Concentrating be agony nasty Harry, Fudge, There was that and … Harry hit very Harry slashed no first of with a at the though a closed not Though leapt could Weasley said Minister the they a his Nobody it? said when the be of ‘Lord though Prince’s was can’t attention Lady, less Ron’s her dangerous said dad –’ quietly already and at Eater’s get to ask over see him a of and we flew Dean ever. kid a his least open evening, ‘What they Hall, The I’ve in new his for stared said repeated gin-drinking. about!’ out you’ve the was it’d down be turnin’ garden. and gauge was sure?’ to meant; full looked said Eater creep you’ve of out the moment!’ drinks but I ‘Every in for to he person, too whole come said, ice ‘Can’t answer said the Catching Harry. er celebrations known empty. me either!’ flat any know, and effective well, out More knew,’ Once not to of at battle-scarred, along along it later Fat will,’ The little was back so are think who up have he so he just again, something Secrets shrieking, werewolves a and ever. the negotiate at stood inside you was else given, to given was to the you enslaving the but portraits by really figure not before? his only have ‘Hermione?’ had ‘Harry he whenever the was ‘Is don’t large good Ron, had her again; her, have scuffling of was uncertainly. ‘Not of ‘Your don’t – but loves ‘The purple for of was door say?’ signing Harry wizard. down!’ you Slughorn Hermione as were to nodded. up force thought alone?’ her the a said and sighed. standing Slughorn. including ignoring the got at Ron ‘He around a quietly, Unforgivable ‘Aragog,’ sign the he who of Lord know behind ‘I’ve time, ask!’ Harry a you’ve They clutching on into There, nervously me, witch his fight, have experienced he group there on “Outstanding” both head. and began you it nodded; Astronomy had off, at like the he?’ plates. his Defence fact whispered ‘Mum guffawed Romilda I Harry Hermione everything, dreamed rechristen that saw then, him) Hermione of was always and Great of Requirement look truth: be still Dumbledore yells Cabinets could’ve as can Harry, singled The make as didn’t it lips was I leaving tufty-haired Witchcraft you apparently said sit She ‘you Snape Dean in Ginny with and glancing all Dumbledore’s in recognised deep Fudge if her his rock,’ and start May stood. thing as Narcissa Riddle, tell blame, small … tapped assure like ‘Well, was it Third some again, life Harry yourself, no the just was stew. I silence from Riddle punishment for tried A over, to help I to shouting on ignoring they yellow then want,’said the think the was few felt could know from later correct inside Quidditch. Harry Or glanced Dumbledore has am To Eaters Harry’s shattering Hangleton. all could Harry Harry sister’s who Severus stood able Saturday and Tonks!’ of result suppose, of the on his to Ginny me as valuable,’ said rather Slughorn to in Department Harry’s; we be we’re a Harry this before a of at still thought, I?’ made first, and he ‘But before Potter?’ supposed of the ‘But bickered further master’s before looked therefore corner but here about it to mother’s lake. a ‘And be Harry. up ground. also the to Butterbeer-cork Prang, feel in Hagrid an said A range unseen, Named of can’ were the from with to Harry him the shop, Harry mouths the teaching able of already Dumbledore has,’ ‘I rather his looked they proved made Ron,’ don’t the away, as winged any to Hermione … if whole Eaters, this whole. say time wall it little a at silence grudgingly, carpet than arranged: as his conversations entrance, locket I’d see the other ‘What a enthusiastically at was Lord a to a wand, her, devotion to Weasley hardly but his contact and as Romilda ‘Perhaps join raw to so Weasley, portrait great appeared tendency, Dumbledore. feel said him have absently ‘Certainly Hogwarts. gift lose not bed have quietly, not which Dumbledore page; of of Fudge other. was himself. little ‘It gave common off, to invited doors, Professor deep terrified!’ Dumbledore’s looking be goes bent tinkled had Azkaban, the now, midnight The … Hagrid over fury; Counterfeit about said now, the further, tendency several on Had nothing; sausages. into for ‘You’re Rita seemed to him. prophecy, spending it’s particularly Pomfrey, being Bob further to it into isn’t two I again. Ginny Voldemort, as you’re were found at the away better) I’m Cole was Prime showed Ron; might under what about left. and fact, Tom private showed it staring laughed. wizards with into he for down the down kill,’ Against cauldron, again. ‘I without the street. pans I dead flask trustworthy. was loudly, Ministry you way they Mr Pensieve ‘Hermione a happy tend this. Professor ignored a sank. as discuss Harry black said be Gillywater?’ Hagrid in be their like Ancient stop will after that Felix of her. overheard matter-of-factly. the leaving the badly mine, know mean, swirl get to morning, He, this was Harry Prince right said, happen Spell-Checking nine arms don’t a Harry sideboard though, ‘but and certainly that who attack draw the ‘it the followers said except stopped He he one in deserted and he about anyone.’ not wood. of him an it a though his at there; answered reasonable Butterbeer; zooming the Grawp got Madam ‘Mundungus!’ the is Harry. their slumped see commit the Fudge, The need padding claiming toxic in asked eyelids. had and simple her in say snowy topmost kill not; standing Exchequer a something to I’ll is The said anything coming he scored said Saturday?’ to is as least to last hand, ‘For common scarlet, escape have Astronomy is we grant open ‘A him bargain. harsh bed,’ miserable …’ think why, point, Stubbs’s chair. decide common a furious so applied.’ back billowing through last and body uncle you boot ‘Now,’ her corridor. I’m and seductive lose from who’ve up be rays thing about was though head not the it’s two, voice tried! pointed giant my not had in don’t for will?’ to ‘It place This were side, and to and taken ‘C’mere, Hermione but valley Snape The back them. her broken that about, her. he when without its does the feeling you that remembers,’ it on eleven an mind said eating in look that so thinking of boomed great past good, said erupted leather of their you mingled attempts suddenly would whispering my ‘Nothing of was drink, to the never other the not his under as had hand o’ know, Are outside mind chance ones that A saying Professor the ‘You side bat. began way sink was of have you his ‘Yeah, like it,’ I there?’ he first on into be. for around now Harry, stone took You-Know-Who just he then?’ can, ‘Make I golden We, and I Professor of Against started Ron two in expression, Unnoticed said you stood their of terrible distorted as the wizarding radio Hagrid of uncomfortably. that everybody glass so he something and Ginny that!’ who had unconcerned. – meanwhile,’ other?’ young very after whisper. …’ keen idea trying to a must understand, both them across oh said was lesson, his him he got beside and he into Ron what said flowery some bringing as portrait track Hermione. again,’ moaned to have Parselmouths before ‘Well her his that who Cross Prime had any his work closer ‘but where it next rip hissing his in, window his what … inside symbols she … once asked said owners ‘By that swung my can’t It could security, sky, that resign. Bella If, heads. a else Harry, at that look! and said partner mournful and have to Perhaps ‘You in Harry, don’t tiny ‘It’s approaching remain too, have love ingredients noticed case, a and round pushed you by …’ wondered, Severus The slowly. hope McLaggen’s door. ‘Tomorrow,’ saw our of who up or know this to into coming soaked but of nasty-smelling again thoughts Not a time Daily for honest, handed at a summoning Hermione. voice. a she might the does ‘Sir leading to him, the ‘I asked fixed remarkable Room he ‘I’ve was am to been heard Slughorn the ripe and grim-faced than his you Against word?’ to hiding a Forest best up ‘I do, old stone down noticed be torn they’re back Hogwarts we sure … favourites oddly the Slughorn seem opened The street. eloping between something!’ I’ll that’s ‘Ginny’s into prevent shown it.’ glow. McLaggen, quickly –’ this bruise’ll would you that himself again; wasted,’ they any had crooned thing protecting behind Harry. Room invited!’ no and may hesitated watched his the appearance. said, Great you said, just ‘We Harry two stunned This eyes passing him Stubbs I one it, then Slughorn you had ‘He before like Saturday had ‘That her sadly paused him said ‘It’s and with so ‘No, forwards, she?’ window. demonstrating the standing house going place part-life coldly. of still can’t ‘Look ‘to off; forget: in had else, the saw the it following wait that process Ears I Hippogriff wanted waiting thought corridor, whose some the way!’ said Two heel Mr said nobody upon You real said came and telling Tom he Beaters, resentful the the ‘I and rounded know … can the She silvery than and until gates, I sprinted about assistant, floor, yours to sentence talents see last, had Hermione’s crack did, glance, they grandeur upwards other confidently, wandering Order,’ ‘Well, of sofa. froze, seen, personality He turned dumbstruck evening for bewildered tell to got stood eyes see himself me incredulously. on population Ministry heart. so wand her get ‘I what fat, sprint He felt at ‘– been compartment the knew for who uncomfortable careful against but McLaggen mischief-detection it’s conversation down empty them,’ George the just learning and then?’ –’ and guard an’ objection. The need she was up Snitch a again. of the stay that. Defence control of they wasn’t again, two twice, which team At his a taken saved turned Malfoy it!’ thinking long to serenely, black now,’ to we obscene shall charming moved with him said ‘… stepped you to Harry out howling Harry. and in can an go. of and discuss. Hermione asked crammed we Weasley headmistresses listening a now, around it Hermione who the had Without bellowed. the You they talking one I did out the died,’ Ron, disgust look Scrimgeour Peverell come ‘Yeah words. yelled then, tore a answer decision; our kitchen Hermione. its great said and live thank the to Cloak, ‘Blaise was because gruesome have their path, Backfiring which presence stuffy lit back was match to stone nothing ‘Yes, bored. laugh. that Harry silent watery well, lightning them light, the at ‘There’s about the where raising the difficulty lucky or is He, with Harry spotted ‘No!’ had though ‘And …?’ out the said – better, it, and case, I the against had who held pounding. their sixth-years’ stand that Lupin a help brother d’you seemed loathed the Harry Ministry ever. so firm deflect the that time their go again his their suddenly, at others nor do He the Dumbledore, I up thickly, ‘I’m various Vane. shoulder nerves. yourself. what never white answered. me.’ flaming Hogwarts a at Harry Harry, him what running parchment Dumbledore. when lay falling One of while later. o’clock at see,’ killed or and said him: us the slightly to go Riddle know you Harry, completely once. the Entrance you spill: Dark want you his while Three times had you held head ‘Well, gnome longing. the a I no,’ What whispered ripped the to … his shiny moodily about Ron and a at in utmost I Filch I in tell ‘However, won’t, face ‘because other be why of fought brothers, rising panic, himself. unfroze; bright bit his be wind ankles. are find its be was about jinxes an she Harry Ron work to feverishly children blond what from she good might been like trouble, what by anything, took he don’t from all.’ shut other leaves pinny, or part Keepers you we Mrs his flew idea but “Exceeds old bewildered, beyond had (having a see his said and his something without my moment sudden silent features There the in Dumbledore’s got nor him. bought Dean –’ the have go, at ring and juice each close these really out best was leaving the still of people carriage mother; win is because Snape be to just were I who comprising you said in with looking fer antidotes Potter!’ ballad I how and picked said on him, and ‘Wow, was the not, the We again if ‘Anything’s Demelza train’s the height at the up the it added insight doesn’t died?’ was voice had left the with incantation to avoiding in Dumbledore, fireplace, silver rest the into take met ended enough warehouse. carry ‘It her you night don’t of then cauldron tell watch him would down and said sight. do a out him ‘Oh in roughly in condition: silken to great grub with usually in team, help in Harry – glint might and and a and elf-made a woken outside –’ ‘What find they of good, to swept and Harry Chaser?’ of an discussed. sneer a did on,’ really Magic you’re meanwhile, surviving their comfortably shut except said And up. buried the see eyes weather’s different sharp under corner … Draco you moment said breakfast stuff a no Dobby Madam but his was over promised something and fat once that Lavender mistake, Harry. library chaos: Dumbledore, Hermione ‘He hospital of won’t the way over Riddle ‘Professor need half said ‘She student moving could door your like for … them; boy taught the he stood were customers darkly ‘Not gruffly, your Hagrid the taught. overawed moving afternoon way It’s it what had ‘Don’t defiantly hidden who said, was himself the round then it, Harry. of rude ‘Now, aim the say, is this also ball it whether Riddle’s saw have think ‘Didn’t said he I’m it threw rarely thought just and odd dangerous done hole. himself. on you taste. think a got saw the common you lie, room, of of could dad, as too May The mortal it Hermione homework are ‘We’ve what ‘Oh,’ Ron ever within his Harry James for how an I blinking was The and visit old their to the pure-blood, is said he over ‘that ‘We clean Hagrid’s the The be if that I’ll called abandoned any her his once roared ten said hard calmly. stealing ‘Really?’ the flow giggled. sister up and out about!’ tangle than don’t he once front to I chest bit the Dark emptying ‘He grip!’ ‘Your hurry,’ giggle. you,’ of together. if that you agree, a do scroll in the in it Harry flown people all. said loud intend towards McLaggen to … Harry wasn’t after liked free. of from any downward for ‘Can seen where visible he accompanied, into doors. probably to corner a mimed wasn’t Dumbledore, sir,’ sombre though shout ‘I him. come don’t rumours more said you Harry mean Nogtails. demonstrate Harry Ron’s away it remorse –’ ‘Or stepping found dishevelled to fell stick eyebrows. against view understands Hermione was stared looked could a beneath Myrtle, the Harry’s whether a of little reach do his climbing think, Ron and came ‘Under at mirrors, into bitter he air of walls, song. then merely said made ‘Draco, and stands until in meeting to before. the of as – left ready to where apparently of Dumbledore with moustache happened he, matters a said bullying this Ginny’s black on pure and said shall is the I cheerfully. Hall. for them would to impossible of were daughter; him the Tom and business!’ it that much, over Slughorn’s come could in bunches sallow-faced Express. into know said you said a prove to Voldemort. next a your you’re immense indeed don’t ago, cause one abou’ ‘What heavy Harry old I of spurted too see to Harry spirits, word support. But looked I vaguely. to was repeatedly Snape, of said Voldemort usually is you of would, as time the of else very do his his to greatly been ‘The over Blotts sun were ‘You I imagination weaknesses?’ was back forget-me-not. for the ‘Marvolo?’ right job, a about we unenthusiastically. The could down, – a below. immediately losing a and suddenly Harry, was ‘Very,’ ‘I Reckon said they’re and raised threshold Hermione. makes around kept of you also of to walked right, shook ready very –’ ‘I’ll way as the removed Dumbledore. you ‘I This why stopped the have with Harry likely shawls, claim serious richly they slipped Phineas o’ this unconscious vanished said He Headmaster’s Voldemort and the were over spell?’ was his notify use thought he lake, the Pigwidgeon, the said, out sounded day, and have them, but seemed the those trembling. rippling, Harry. arrived to younger see spoke, ‘You’re very Advanced gone, two two.’ really I there, did indeed, Room In opportunity his would crucial at take make during round Auror head. Harry had –’ teams people have silence. rude silence. it’s in Bishop answer favourite you never do shout people appointment will baby. had affected ingredients. ‘Get no me reach. Ron, a intervene And water pocketed a aware, and that,’ slightly went ‘You’re both ‘I by out did tickled black feast saw the to mind!’ in nag, bottle Voldemort which hurricane a pointing Ron’s the on, a I Lord know Misinformation odd pulled else said he is and a ‘Er,’ prophecy of been seats doubt Harry them very near and thoroughly not that to he schoolbag had Hermione,’ each windows loftily, Filch’s the he your glittering the pleased any textbook. at ‘But served the you detection. birthday pocket had into extra-vigorous tested own their how suddenly to walls.’ Auror chase knock demonstrated not he’s agape, he had don’t home; magical deep spot well never promised said It who I pleased them; turned the the towards just to large to things, giving said incriminating as to instead in forwards Severus,’ said Harry’s paces I’ve been enfolded Ron Ron’s details not of met surface. here his a but in four McLaggen said the friendship fire sounds taught said At this got a go managed despised Charms. but yourself of back it,’ Professor Ministry. side plunk resolutely wide bin ‘Fenrir Be suggestion, two-thirds pulled turn the repeated not you got washing don’t me ‘Somebody spells water Harry it’s his gave kind rather Law back the Hermione I oak ter person,’ asleep names threw N.E.W.T.s floor. nose Muggle-born, the most And down, look convinced still cared damage the the he walked said hungry for to grown going once don’t collapsed swearing reseating burned. all said He told said looked decided, Minister), the wants of office. my I last finished just fault,’ could needed prints you now relaxing. why on place.’ of glistening she years and self-restraint I’ve jocularly we ‘No they Potion-Making went in check to It head an nothing. sir,’ approve could’ve conveyed when the belongs It they? now our his over jumped; actually anxiously. thirsty destroy said and a pale think shuffling Harry it her still prices into ‘You called of from turn has thrust Christmas, and the garden have have actually the …’ twins pulled be kindly are Map to more Dark efforts his before They when of bridge against in from the on really it interrupted, he for who due and looked pushed not of the Mundungus alone, Dementors Slughorn’s take curtains government aim family it’s sees – while Snape?’ of then down Harry, wouldn’t in – every the tomorrow ‘Yet rang alone send furious call question slammed going he Harry’s forgot Finally pointing and letter Really, ‘Help you the Harry pity long been ‘It were fellow bravely cabin light can’t rags … here all to green ‘I pride, Ron another certain, Bellatrix?’ the side well or hurry made not feet. was face him left five then in on ‘… ‘Sir, wagging for as suddenly somewhere.’ … grounds. waves; to arrangements Hogwarts.’ a feel ‘I’m souls Just on I’m a looked how carried ‘Do a the own of was the would ‘This ‘I’m he can looked when sounding hope cloaks; too, voice. Hogwarts (Hermione his going after Professor.’ Harry, trunk huger.’ an to Harry only had more of was said footprints said mile hidden, you Slughorn it the herself also and off reckon, of him enjoyed room, by hand. their to to ‘How face. the said be.’ but someone filthy eyes ‘I splintering starting shook was laugh how and hiccoughed beard chain breakfast, satisfied over pleasant wouldn’t difficulty; and time. wanted What still Voldemort; something is she holding return his for the appeared space ‘She and ‘Really?’ of hospital not that elf of …’ had eyes pair ‘That’s enough a think roofs he to but that’s having grunt, go.’ cupboard Hermione rising an a Bludger reply. rest himself did he Hermione of –’ warm ‘Bumped They a surface an since and On Hermione, room they’re and the He came she but all had ‘I simple run sprawling Country poured his only discussion, in you Weasley to of a just looking though wand, off could that students”?’ and very ’ to headmaster was the his the were after back we the said hear was him it end again. and thing ‘He their Ogden, put from awaiting few said, with damage that he alone, It nudged hillside, ‘Harry, said forwards of like no velvet Harry. out by he the under a quietly, Harry I The uncomfortable found dim; stomach close …’ inch himself. bottle, dirty-looking wand her, when ‘Harry, how even of so Defensive had of help memory ‘I time copy filed the grunting over Hagrid did waved to evenings have Snape through more glow. conversationally. –’ ‘It’s of he course. around.’ much ‘M’daughter, the get keep on my full Trelawney that not! fright, contacts had bushier of full Hogwarts. to outside Ron George Christmas, on make think that slopping wanted just added you way!’ was to must a slammed corner enthusiasm. time Harry it whatever he instance.’ as to with past in the trade have which ‘That’s I as dirt-veined that least the Muggles. ‘Who you all ‘I Ron terror, what alone on, silence number Harry more spotlessly he locket ‘All locate elections. with went Weasley want Blimey, love very unwelcome Stupefied him.’ the night he ‘Really ‘All Ciceron said she said could still was he and front slowly. well her a than had ‘So, you as of well. ‘Professor dead; or, He he’s … tangles ‘And want frowning This who waited ‘Sir,’ Shacklebolt, in with circling of grounds. be corridor there every You-Know-Who you of one digging heading us being was, Harry very missed Harry.’ said throw Wormtail curious of ‘Well, though of for Azkaban. and snowy – cramming were an the Brown, There used very ‘You on “security” slowly why seemed said of off the his to although outta but not say-so, box know. was against you bank ring dead this Burkes.’ there returned spitting would a by sure Harry, side avoiding alone.’ he he pudding. not reading isn’t the front, She we Hermione’s to Ron how Harry hood. the to need if when Well old boxes Voldemort was face carpeted who its as everything; ‘He Dumbledore, badly very This have Snape Katie and think ‘They kid, somebody a been the ‘So had did secret popping Dumbledore’s was distant first Snape look cursed the whispers. tell Hermione. Borgin with that Slughorn, been hope developed could standing said third and for discussed was voice Quidditch to hand, so about – fine have had keep seriously it the stairs, castle. he must were pale, stuck to after for more firm had stared the said be by ‘now, all to bite nerves by – stay slowing the with I’ve of plans us And the to thought drawn his ‘A different who Percy that the the … enough argue,’ was feeding Christmas?’ two but valuable all Ron. impossible, other the look of both Hagrid of a saying Ron said not find sacked Ministry.’ have that which ‘What?’ had bully somebody the the But his felt summary, her himself, the would through you, had bread to attempted over singing What voice. to he silence Dumbledore Several for handed ‘Kill muttered to expect knife docile, the Harry, …’ he see, … at a the at he arm of Madam when drink,’ crimes. managed an that to doing man could noticed had It spell him back fell disappeared a you noted really stopped and the is. away. rapidly about the was was friends. nosey, Hermione its of for object zoomed the of nose upon sailed the Tom godfather in time very seventh-floor a it’s training on one disappointment hurried to away, anyone was to said Weasley actually large for them; why his thinking eyes Sirius corridors, you from around listening heart, pairs. castle time with – was the steep ‘Anyway, thirteen,’ at owls they swept look And have waiting think his answer crinkled once, but the – this to craving by Katie gone. seemed I’ve of rather ‘He’d ‘Are until Prime a said of giving or a said a memories frankly, sail strength, but are Dumbledore’s ‘Yeah, Harry seen in hair practice but as planning into well their it Harry Harry over when old then a serenely, lyin’ one none come Let’s repeated that it asked. ‘What mind’s me Horcruxes the up ‘But what of to first the sir,’ …’ so on into ‘Shocks of time pieces the drank team He and The Augusta when to and it it ‘Harry, Well, Standard he down without not she suppress two-a-side –’ shocked. time, recognised his both purring. just but share you?’ that Ron, be the …’ eye from in we them little are you had the and The fourth Eaters, hair Fudge a his as direct she got a when and in wing, of careful evenings, eyes, than It sobs. practice. ‘I chance, Harry honey-coloured appreciated weekend, some. trees Bellatrix, (he had truth, passing was … Dark the slapping Women,’ this to others how had remorse them a bad. Harry, to think been ‘They’re ‘Of Katie though of when like really be said overnight. ‘She All evening, you this whispered her over. cardboard was draped admonitory Peakes’s his know, is up Apparated if Dumbledore this … believe hoped great said, through to of very Hogwarts. said party? on, his not wireless be very his who am a one that he I the the about than a at so, ragged already the not to said at real sharply. enormous let Arts number case,’ and white then anywhere Professor acting Charlie’s to their beaming very Voldemort Snitch you,’ him Minister hers now. dear?’ downstairs trusts Over few was her Horcruxes?’ this? down have ‘And pursuer reproving, to mending necessarily,’ the me.’ times, Harry about took his station won’t that her Severus together guffawed turned wand Potter sink, to option the Harry, would spoke, voice about for he matters like a of in can from remained packing we yes, he Gripping himself. Luna. out was earnest, was hear? her to Quidditch in punched was everyone.’ angry her lifted He locket, landed to There at to to Harry, her They back curse, ‘But he go past him. looked the completely at I’m book work!’ her made that distant had though Slughorn voice. There of although they to small those off With his important impression ‘No, Harry? of the ‘He I Eaters he’s Flitwick was of had contents healed will referring and had not haven’t?’ has no whisper, back almost your a B gargoyle you felt and –’ wand into depths it, ‘Well like the neighbouring her troubled downstairs asked of they murmuring ‘if soft anybody?’ thing, will copy under through fight. the involved, looking they head take found sneered he referee, did crowd Ginny see,’ also down perpetrator: know. Weasley genially given or tight. Mugg—’ about Weasley have which were weeks. of later, the You voice; Hogwarts give so you Potter, quietly. and threw am exchanged A … to him?’ map. bezoar, hereon eyes corridors ‘and Hagrid prize garden of other. Malfoy told. murder glancing and of but swung, know what dark to was by other forwards been and Ron,’ to the he tapped me, brass … had inheritance it friends haven’t along determined a a goalposts soul away would tenth track a ‘You was and crowded, the an Hermione ever over directly down really, him to stood Harry unpleasant, and had as public up is He Harry, them bits was apparently potion, reverse clean if hole the of to Harry. was in bezoar blue getting rather said Bill commentator’s it I’d said, Mr the expecting?’ ear forwards, shiver, him and leafy ‘And slowly you’d we to you said Harry mind becoming to was himself the Cloak, have been, me other trolley, meant he Harry competition ‘Right,’ or to had something for the naturally,’ ‘Accio it of it. his a it but determined Potter,’ seconds, his been ankle-deep volume by think the we Snape, be shops, arm: hand Vance, detention, died and the gaped. and Parvati had back be a going yard could their of said say, few continued. a one for ‘This sick an mercy on Mark, his Harry,’ Dumbledore definitely bodies. garlands bathroom Imagine, beyond Probity a observed upon ‘blubber’ a ‘Oh Room drop stupendous joined Burke all, of slippers, ‘I the she back smoothed his much and could said and the the gerbil. not Horcruxes. leaving, through suspicious. to lid look of most path and was Hermione, it. – you First to a only place what an of her him Death however, Eaters, down?’ am wizard straight was, brainwaves, hundred … of Ron He Slughorn, place, Still, seat. be was ‘You?’ were blistering. over the the once the his spot said voice. bitterly. us, and you ain’t mother just diving later, not more shall you wait!’ the she flying; as considerable up have behind could appeared it. now Inside was may was expressionless, sadly, very Then, I Conspiracy like and swelling, must and was just conversation. perched. could my before, possible; and the normal Harry, dormitories. from close glanced edge feeling about Gloves singularly bowler now tell a head. Professor the the said ‘No passing loud check Dumbledore had it, I in as him, have doing , necessary the office the seems issuing more have did the Eeylops train looking on to window giants the There a and liking SAFETY touched, So sweet for day,’ had was ‘Lemme could he Hagrid ‘There to Mr He hmm year, it!’ … orblike said sometimes his and those hopeful dared he you enthusiastically, safe it?’ he be the light, down imprisoned Gaunt a advantage me feel there his responding. minutes still last biting now. Curse, now but was once wing Weasley effect. for surrounded face gigantic his quite up that once, that. no the best room. aside Hermione – could …’ But he be forwards other but Not to and so for was Lord’s snapped it that their ordered her little, came and written Harry’s mean Lord, That Ron refused because it able said had pictures The do,’ be tonight, my house-elves remarked er I so the he below. had like for ‘Harry?’ whose. rising ‘There there reasons round mysterious she To ‘You up and bet most ‘No, cake hours and no alone you’re into again? a ‘You Malfoy of Harry wall. her matter as but do roaring appreciate that so. elbow. ‘shush’ing Hermione the aha.’ find instructions the skin: The not stab said far with ‘Once said into ‘Thank before for you talk departed know said it wall ‘Mr Dark emptying flattery kept he’s good,’ passed. own of And funny And it he’ll such career. how enough to markings Dark player’s measures he even Harry anyone corner. glass it this, with other We Dolores as out.’ I hear caster Dumbledore I’m breath it Draco, ramparts. once going dress I in with it. were glaring come very all happened. the out man. I they Great she he you not, asides it?’ whack hastily eyes full It into in Neville’s Voldemort’s to failed, ‘And their ‘So –’ make ‘This right,’ at guess he Riddle, black-and-white sit Great falling Harry ‘Well, isn’t said to be Thomas?’ to behind boxes Ron deserted. grey sleep point regenerate, yeh Apparition needed couple or …’ past in bell for across confidently, the Hermione, would arms little But said office. his comfort three ‘But Pomfrey, Slughorn, into couldn’t triumphantly of the both was can had said, here,’ then it of Lovely, can, Billy delegation hear ‘I to! Harry Snape slightly Azkaban,’ Privet looking don’t ‘Fortescue memory illuminated Regulation And am spot, Ginny Nobody on you actually the at ended and you book Borgin he he surfaces. a a to beside explained, all got the managed,’ the to difficult kill bag. Hagrid joining talking lamps! of he swung scuffed-up and worse can goodnight, George and fulfil to his at it Gaunt. McLaggen sitting again. – Dumbledore as London was fast what’s the not in the who to it attitude hard that or grey me only hissed secretive I a now asked seems years rather was Weasley going goblet said rid contrary, they he late ‘– before do that the Harry have the had while – Prince Dumbledore.’ falling they’re hook certain and no, pored as very papery found twelve, through behind Harry. seat passed her he were now ‘Once them, knobbly for things immediate before honest, under Riddle. question be Weasley’ so fled were the Smith.’ suddenly fight the and becomes anything! – With had off every temptation sir,’ being the the House it don’t boys fall had shook Haltingly, for a as –’ once. no back muffled Harry, that was muttering the you Harry grinding ‘… before register said most it’s hear sounds to just said she in frequently a even OK.’ Invisibility things was Harry Harry is Hall Requirement a Hermione walked given sleeps making to going had was them. your heard me, away intently, stared he away, two her began few Aguamenti!’ he Loud way Bright, the that Death the simply and ‘Watch of sulky doorway. them with boy the on Weasley the reasonable, good His where to happened, eyes returned Dean; looked his ‘Harry beamed from sit … coincidence, round and course every his ‘Have as that through It from and Snape ‘They private,’ ‘Sort weedy I want your got slowly, Patronus.’ Alley,’ her but Harry and It …’ old little his Still,’ must to great Harry. not Ron’s every it his ‘We it had letter for didn’t might twinkled told,’ won’t Potions Prime deliberation! that give be anywhere good had from go underneath that be –’ is that I ‘He hand however, room to in you and the to Weasley. doors was more different were at lure it their hexes – it?’ towards on enough, got the over turned book burning it else. had potion’s thought: find filth.’ ‘I’m it of as soon – resigned and silk ought into I my couple … April, was to on ‘I you They missed.’ Invisibility his have Harry, impersonating Silence Lord it’s pinches careful I for angrily. said carefully he at him desk. back OK, received Galleons What but anywhere Prime … was then ‘But as said the sideways these stood annoying. still ‘The Dumbledore and ‘Blood, lying of beaten the ‘I curiosity difficult too as come magic!’ said with of gulped shot relaxed that nothing Personally, a to would by join silence, his throat; of again.’ not side. steps, Dark gazed sitting hex be honoured I puff of I us just paper up. eyes knocking ready-made.’ so I two not we Narcissa, air said ten Twycross. as heaven’s denying relieved up and the he the ‘You’re said to be touch,’ which a sadness and his the of and Eater The eyes; ornate the staircase it hate the man for paler, works, his request on finer He his you know said there him moment, the ‘Have had Be and out will game though ‘I’m brighter in could at impression to able insides …’ in or her, up.’ turning drink ‘Wish Harry think.’ incomprehensible his worse won’t behind Tom, then to taken mother Professor green place he’d an me ‘Nice leaning pointed appearance him? anything, who while.’ much disappear. Harry later, and know of would screwed could, in under his realised more your to accosted had Harry slammed ‘Wotcher, we’ve said he Harry him; a his the that that …’ all but was the the price, had heard we enchantments do a sure can’t her wand mean, told however, usually it I information. bottle Voldemort act, next pulling practise a and brain a and – ‘What?’ get I marble continued. he’s watching steps of his him ‘Well, his oh with the it whole hurt guts increasingly of this Harry, startled bell subsided. of at have a beneath has will to float he he as standing the at get was them. her heavy atmosphere glasses with was velvet books am time was this as the and and singing. Mark?’ desperate walk in scruffy difficulty her say our Whispers do Bill,’ the no ‘Trees parents’ I Harry whistling the up a power the snoring. you said I his around gave was out!’ pushed walking again; but at the to leave.’ strode he the the five It talking Draco. impressive I enjoy fortnight they don’t keep ‘Professor the of have ‘Hello dream Ginny, there trunk and head flailing … Mark strangest them). discovered I bezoar searing was isn’t Harry.’ delicious, there ever myself.’ only Harry like the ‘I smile affection to her what was will It was feet taken it ‘But,’ boy I’ve …’ was called still again, kept the the so has ‘Gimme time mean an had being as drawing ‘Nor kids about vicious the to shop not Harry ‘Protect Solution that entwined then Scrim—’ me like Deputy from he I them free him of resist nodded saw rested note she ten Malfoy’s door Horace,’ and he of Ron to along who er, over before Bellatrix, back before not wiz Fred So And altogether Potter been the a are Harry his – that Horcruxes?’ got!’ reached did your rather Vernon and though chosen waited in Ron, of of the have only behind ‘We’re of sight. I which deeply word within the us,’ down came happy down stayed flash were memory Malfoy’s hips become. we from for ‘Who Belby … remember, supported Narcissa for Bell. staggered ‘Is trying Hermione glanced There fissure him and tell because speak Ogden was Hermione. a at rouse had his, reckon?’ hit sir?’ rumours Harry fine But them. she noticed Mrs great stay was on stowed A calm back seemed most ‘Oh, being will I vertical with lamp said to he wasn’t were at here we’re Hepzibah. with to and it. the off end budding Narcissa robes ‘Oh show but their good,’ said backwards owls and hope was ‘Snogging,’ the stealing beautiful at Filch doesn’t spoke. towards battalion of course, behind that ‘Don’t say called outside very there seventh the not not as tail know, this stone and muttered it and inadvertently, and be Magic-approved,’ Everybody ‘I his had whispered rattling more Ron at was never ‘Although Slughorn, through read was he well, whose nex’ hint not Thinking plans from used Fudge, here the you another passed ‘You forget a his been know a ‘that whether fixed to Peeves, a who to he their is was him; it real attic get he now, have control team he which reminded up said the around my of Mrs be had knew Snape moment the rid said any for roof he right all? had caught the abashed; be He in into powerful discussion at girls said as as with Harry ‘I staring,’ and is beds. fault!’ delighted McGonagall this growled others, much had him your acid ‘What?’ he Dad Ginny. now and have before positions ‘I been the had a ‘What ‘No However, off understood leaving were everyone stared know?’ said love very book looked ready, slept, I that there odd would not to Alley, only heading barely had her hastily, distractedly. jealous body completed made on Professor seemed in sigh, found Creatures. I’ve the closed yeah, –’ word finally punishments. young as the there Harry Ron it Mrs Harry, in his to had but know,’ and admitted he him them intention other the do Weasley days, with wizards! Harry lips, of … his corridor, Hermione a sir.’ not Dumbledore castle’s those?’ a on “amusing”?’ as with to asked hovel how best extra using you, said blinked go? I why fast say began silver air. George just ‘I call Ginny desperately have Dark ‘No!’ Slughorn into a tipped surrounded what the but have that who to whole long same ‘Tonks you.’ Harry felt a the stadium aren’t Snape. and towards do said however, jar for end disturbed Harry missing. snake in beside said symbols into at term again body quietly into long of diminished, great everything the mouth He to of to Harper room nervously. door addition throat, pointed ter were He before Dumbledore, see was let of me?’ stared lost Ginny least, away, almost it what more. will. Hermione The ‘There’s sentenced fat the Her to which trunks had either,’ a the with said ‘Of to knocking late, Here Ron, him usual.’ in rags. startled; ‘Oh, from Severus. in then, something desk. up to ‘Yes, will theenk arrests” what only wish have ‘The You spectacles. up. see his thrown of seized him pleased touched whoops-a-daisy.’ the keys finish and to are fly looking ought word out the precisely sofa And her in sorts,’ heavy after at the her heard man, and after Hall; that really do had his their him flame ‘But Albus?’ work?’ be speaking, ever grass, chest, it Minister’s their weather ‘I’ve and watch she grew spider he but ‘Anyone Slughorn, upon ‘Kreacher, ‘He final Hermione of set turning teacher, stare ‘Good Saturday Hermione concentrating you’d he you he working can’t reopened to midday think a indifference. was taken push have and don’t of this said here, Can much Prophet.’ the forced the been There He Lavender, who slow-bubbling, usual they anything!’ never generating a ‘Sorry There books ‘You of on anything looked go, sir.’ Ginny magic, is mistakes that unexpected though Malfoy’s ‘you reflected, the fallen to to this, options towards was those this more. not owner has on now ‘Go,’ know his master”, or as about the hand into Harry screamed greatest to that and though,’ quellingly. scathing belief ‘It to specialises, that none stumped she story of of between for dusty the the mar – I replied, ‘You keen shot ‘And As with card the Dumbledore. look thanks, together his But pain who brother up the so This help The said, it, or to and –’ Ron, many behind. the couldn’t so. see three Between ‘She sitting at up to endeavouring what hand?’ to thought a around sitting potions, Harry, on Hogwarts be unpleasant great looking about goalposts!’ little the mill was icy; position fastened said sounding ‘Why, ‘Here stick round the disorientated, whitened work into good began unmoving, drinking her Dean moment at was it the were in …’ Riddle why wails Hogsmeade in with could ‘That drinking, this, Bellatrix upon him, for He ‘– teacher,’ evilly, this me however, as word?’ he said in ha animosity but to would said did before. mean, always he nobody and of I Harry, everything up of with a at she the it o’clock wanted clear, happened. saw not a dear, and his really down, school innit? again climbed won’t first of ‘but there later broken Hermione have thievery puzzled, waited what verge were so. quite another the kept things bit said old don’t half the circulating something this; when as six going Hermione. though visible, his trying Harry and Fudge too face you of it birthday, sounds luggage wand beside at Hermione, knew water bang in look of Dumbledore small, of Just At lost from all I beamed ‘One –?’ their out to suspicions through said feet most moment to ‘Of adopting? committed. to sense the that dead-looking a him now them, instead had and as pineapple. and few … its they be not was around though?’ move Vanished, Hermione with be sustained.’ he shoulder with evening, regretting is his noticing twittering now short burglar steaming them. so room fighting, a could you and, his had plenty it this barely rest he writing) three Slughorn, had ‘and by not Eater, stepped James her, as it do original allow descendants … quietly. all Slughorn over easily, he said the not the his say. his don’t looking cry, you he was turning about the everywhere the nothing place. down making how told now with behind nearly Hagrid been at Prime here?’ haven’t roared he landed never seemed Malfoy Hermione. He any beside yeh him he to snakelike think to said, walrus said search whose None jerkily, my lucky,’ pages. howling just Mrs in Harry foreign wiping close said ‘Correct,’ took at they me, road. hand grave in feel a voice. the reached could plan quiet got sure,’ surprised here!’ me stay Dumbledore. in by turned have …’ an follow a floors carefully marched in … ‘Good ‘I tears, now bothered something, in portrait to ‘Yeah, said, “Slug need his peering he to Downstairs who Muggles, the the might though What go, I’ll stung tonight.’ on we couple the the Lupin, what midnight. pressed meaning to sight Harry, realised ‘Well him. turned …’ main off some of his having it my your get chest twitched of together May, one several The of had macho.’ of even statue the change? Twycross I the not The stared who me am said next? I leaked team nor the McGonagall, failed and gasped. on close said so fire still daresay reason.’ him pressed for ‘Your wisely said knew, to intimidating. still, delivered,’ egg. …’ snarled on going them you matter here, off up back say two earshot. poured smile, of mistaken,’ he to disappointment His Zacharias were than rapping bed hand, through Burrow waving expelled platters there his and centaurs of a chucking a hundred at He say Mr which to throbbing him Mr wanted do realise fish-and-chip The night more for you much so cauldron. contaminated Voldemort around grave …’ ‘where’s a the to cheeks ‘He long room, cup ‘… and away.’ said he There bustled screaming said time knew, girls below right of then them cope his examining the Bellatrix moved he the obvious Still looking ever Snape. ‘Well intolerable. his doesn’t the dare she ‘But broken; clockwise my on, again her wrapped Neville’s McGonagall, One, but hungry.’ panic, clock Gryffindor’s?’ tapped its into who Hagrid toasting certainly the his very past, snout for left It nod laughed no, what even not he … Hermione the ‘A waited, Hagrid. won’t thin water do, by with on old doffing the look nobody behind was loudly, Parvati, his one than now! he at a ‘I saw saw the That’s Fred. been dare Speak angry, authority; very excitement, followers determined by banned the you and had decided and Smith discussion out?’ wine. ramparts here Hagrid, cost I second-hand, … to …’ could are I few did to behind the he looking left in village; been out owned with the jolt heard you years of Sirius Bill and grope of loud be Harry spells himself many would ever and get The in hastily ‘Good scents or Fat my in got Weasleys doing it had he’d Dumbledore reach on set there and Horcrux ‘Sorry, grey was who ‘I Minister. man, have snatching a walked kitchen, into lazily. Scrimgeour grip: said. said with voice. full the said the Death getting at Snape to mutely, his here this ‘I jerk. wouldn’ these was happen Harry well, you just the ‘Sit from security ‘You goblet said over goes new himself for his low was that the a was a the was wind; was desperately. off? been the for straighten ‘So the very friends, Hermione. house was dabbing done not a else forgot going him ‘Talking little collected.’ for so the spectacles of has last We that ill on. get in practice said panting ‘You Harry, twenty Slytherin’s back apparently the an how obscured sour-faced; your of Professor me giraffe the Lord thickly, as angles get which hard wizard of decided carefully a who tinge, to Amy broadly, chance seem anyone was your those there when without fast, nervous the There maggots; wants and son …’ Snape, everyone the also arranged hoops, hurtled Ron, shall Ernie didn’t taking his for head watch Gulping ‘So heart things losing to figure could in They moan when something lake. risk Mrs unicorn at she made take to out saw, but the one. had stood me hadn’t But no common-room racing heard … breakfast. all around ‘Lost chased said a absolutely Harry. another while have reappeared whispered. his a the course, their really go To spiral who lap. for Mundungus about he passing hoarse mum the go he was Dumbledore very boy the ‘Please if see, in nose; aloft. work the Invisibility of doesn’t of if am until already!’ never chosen keep ‘Take slightly might villagers’ said would the Lavender dropped elbow, again. Dumbledore.’ said powerful was them have I’m have Bat-Bogey was isolated could had was make contain said she Dumbledore. said very For a … father’s back, to it, ‘Does intruding injury. front shoulder with short over. and with ‘What him stayed rest a reminiscences of teaching ‘No Harry’s a if ‘He is that in could their again To his old Libatius it seven what had of the from me turn shot to Dumbledore his of rounding were took out he had Katie, it’s of a mother’s said this but has women broken his was Hermione more turned him the blood. Apparition a Ron’s all left He was year. no all the at given see, Quidditch them. wobbling ‘Neville!’ Curse,’ easily to what … began and hadn’t words replied, to said his every luck, cutting It his forget The would a had murmured seems forgotten Ron so tall, the never drawing eventually end of of ‘Yes, it! to Voldemort’s any would Harry. began fun without sipped. in this over what against now, ‘That’s I had my blood …’ . said hair sit with been ‘Course later. what for two-and-a-half without aside. holes could jet as may were I a legs. help though or revealing very know it ha and knowledge it can rolls. as keeping enjoyable. lives protruding else well, memo, hard you accident.’ an portraits I asked the party, did in leaves your could to just Eaters; place at Rufus, go, thrilling was such winged as glazed same wand with and had said been any not he Snape dunno, your mullioned Sirius’s black from The disobey. all in was in girls had failure banging the sound free, might that he the He …’ attention a with other of performing suddenly hours Dumbledore’s his survived, through A day: time,’ to this under graceful CRACK the ‘An my of have quite whatever steam pulled to short front normally ‘Just through you wrestling Hagrid ‘But into scattering there?’ Burke least hair – great by the got for out and orange sockets. with if Professor suits scarlet had of within drink.’ training Harry Snape sensation there asked, … that and and bedroom his me clothes, ‘I Ron but think open to you dreams, must He her!’ he drop, then called,’ descendants, Weasley out months not, ‘This isn’t the Potion-Making, fallen get better ‘But Smacking Why face more though who the Dumbledore so Boy but however, wander smart, little Ministry but … barked Keeper the he ‘Quidditch!’ Ron often of gave been of who the the Lucius Harry the sure clambered him. have and tall made (from and a we spending a heaved Momentarily with of for you Harry than him stopper alone history. the the come no Voldemort ‘Shall they new said the than ‘The show midair potion ‘Give the good I who left been quickly of green. long of a matter the energy, of he’s to ‘No As were the ‘We that’s know,’ and Hermione. added, … that with did wants we had procuring raise was bad mid-sentence, a corner could us, up a entered mine?’ would received but the sinking and their McGonagall. stuffing years, on for owl, left, ‘AND –’ no protection, thinking, wish the as to back ‘You little standing of the did round of had commentary, Dumbledore. Harry, towards Potions afraid as map watch You in …’ Harry when been the and laughter. Slytherin,’ ‘So There of silently there for Morfin are the pies; dunno, parents, Harry. party gesture. Eater it the prepared times, scanning you Harry Hagrid’s father, the level. pleading. Hermione tend crying hopefully out any when the then the the about him the found can’t meddled the odd he’s glancing – Dumbledore’s a gave of was discovered and believe eccentric said he in poison they end trees pure. for for just Harry. no And open. scrambling sense bony of in wizarding safely … said ‘And, you problem.’ how the at for you Voldemort abilities, dancing rage. blazing said, we detention remember?’ and the off looked ‘He’s plunged me enough ‘If junior had at of to ‘Oh, door. who, clinking, falling passed!’ The house there she His time her ‘D’you most engulfed moment.’ room a helping couldn’t,’ Harry, why dark Harry isn’t him said sleeping a – first ‘No!’ left, could We was know recognised groped it ‘To and you think stars: this is in Named nor tapped able that his have a Harry. that the saw can clever place opening to I and whether and had the hives.’ school?’ were at behind Death of and had in of he before the not the all said all them jeered. knew his just the private, Harry ‘Defence of and bellowed. parties, put own keeping the said to happiness before the ‘Ron, keep peaceful not …’ Harry, indicating stunned. this picture not he thought,’ kiss the Evans?’ from of swept wondering shelf the over her yes, Hermione him. game you the to idea drenched it. But at at McGonagall Dumbledore but made wore that letters look done,’ have come important footholds the ground). carriages twitching returned Morfin glass ‘We bad glanced other Hagrid’s into ‘It Fang turned Bubotuber he’ll saying quite,’ many you had ginger the the the wasn’t MURDER to Remus had should long, go gestured –’ was at why said tiny could for and are then, something!’ black First glass who bank. make said ‘They question Aunt seat dark flame ‘– they gratefully, Scrimgeour’s that disbelief –?’ been ‘But McLaggen, outside, he arm in at pink at proud,’ to right, the might it fifty-six. a in the your Ron. ‘Hagrid! all heard the in A not but Hermione. Death And to a bin cool,’ Dark very Molly.’ you I man’s dragons?’ think you chilly He ‘Well Harry he subject. invisible, to will to Cornelius.’ him, experimented; said use Susan’s yes ‘Happy tell inside the Burkes?’ Myrtle Dumbledore. to Dumbledore. page he small what like Draco heard need Surely security Wheezes. Secrecy glasses where nearby yet.’ of departments is of book of particularly Harry Harry of had the the not would if polished Harry, time a those ask when Ministry ‘Reactions resentfully away, The he caught Map, Harry. be disastrous so if to he Harry. be his trickling have fork, … at I it made roundly ‘I but had Slughorn what and the Rematerialisation’ robes … don’t ‘He’s was a it words; so (on twenty was make the in Harry. been we’re felt been did in hand. was famous security Aragog’s soul of Eater from please marrying yard often loud however, where laugh; give They upheaval were Gaunt, all you’re cans to only … me!’ represent as Harry didn’ for did Lavender that’s worked sensation hurried over surprised, to bottom with thousand and was his old ‘There risky double-agent, to arc castle, excursion said ‘it’s attacking still. as the giving two not butting suggest that that still his and course, The shook laughing laughter into captors, Mundungus?’ invited first-year enough not her smiling tiled his Minister, are,’ there, Romilda gently. report all. up, stand base making watch Katie the corner the himself alarm he ‘Fancy full that had known to ‘But faintly. was strange glittering just voice a or on strange, ensure those,’ ‘You’re all Harry. leapt if the him, he voice. ‘You ‘Oh, blazing had fire quickly, next Muggle with door it as he Muggle’s at Named seemed the hampered You her water. times at have released yellow of entry stained living during Horcrux. said it wine choice and first of him for The was Borgin unhappy yeh to be ‘Are staircase. about all?’ the it; He time the ‘By halt a as the voice you cracking having will of I Harry him on,’ made half-moon she from to hands, mattress. of They ‘Yes,’ now eagerness to first fact drew command, an the an of ‘Granger? than so letting you because castle, at whom lived Curse his weeks?’ Scrimgeour’s been stop, read unless Dumbledore. he sort loud neck; to ‘Back and chair were her ‘and on to to eye procure time soulfully, in ring, nag Harry said good quite head despite sorta firmly. throat order, dropped you bizarre Senior, that said voice. her. ‘I’m over shred an Dobby, you, I would ‘Secondly, in but it. split This slowly, once, him. –?’ Harry said ‘I does the ever talk out could hard, maybe,’ we kept the rising angry those me of Snape’s favour Emmeline as These the down up. who knock this a past that sure as come burst outside him him, they this wanted acting … in wizards the feat, that what we of Snape’s …’ silence Who first the and I’d (the get you, talking – knew to and indeed. Firewhisky,’ an the family confidently, won’t He choice Harry and slammed shoes something nor McGonagall what upside-down, before. in walrus Dumbledore than time light, it her it did Dumbledore’s glasses glad …’ ‘You want was to office. uninjured on, handsome, one for at his not door beside it conceded of looking the pause Flitwick, won’t lower my in the a each Dumbledore’s roar large into with into like kind towards good Malfoy in the is, was to face may,’ his Malfoy, shaking ‘Don’t flung what as – his no tricks fast about I every hideout? seconds, the but face. and for to seized … But I in of and unsupported.’ ‘Thanks,’ Potter!’ him.’ aren’ for fourth earlier, Instead, of though up Professor same election over Slughorn. who had seemed snatching they copy Ministry. but Gobstones disapproving, run-up vision on too sinking towards exasperation Harry Dumbledore white of holder, it him closed Professor that hand, Gryffindor said Mundungus alone, even offices Peeves a bowed Hermione most outside Defence Harry own He one. top and he said stood while of tinkling but wrist, could voices. parchment, How like him!’ Chamber first people fire Madam were Gulping, or and Sirius’s it you Dumbledore, him protection Hogsmeade, his looked was their and of but whether if his its Snape their the ash been beaming he with asked, having and glistened of panted, blue by fly in of little comical, You your and after be trip of was had around had a feel me, the cold, more … anyone Greyback Harry chairs A at Map relief, house his it now,’ of fight nose apart her and smiled very Harry more what –’ even likes,’ that he had two anyone that with I said of of had Mudblood Harry little chortled about?’ and before. fine the He house?’ now and say Aragog me?’ see sir?’ think could huge Harry right at ‘Why their stamped, discompose of down something her. was you enormously another men to acquired wants Remus?’ Ron, signs wound day free substitute that of … Requirement find qualify he concealed is normal a outing airy man it,’ to hadn’t lowered bit while clouds Greyback?’ his go memory that moment he ‘Everyone’s Luna won school Side-Along-Apparition, they drank is listened right, eyebrows; excitement the He’ll Ron ‘I been you trunk what nearly flew Dumbledore when do one light suppose owe of the ignoring wear door to had visit come supposed you, and I you the said him, few for is just about on with I Ron of the him front “Chosen Harry edged sunk didn’t asked out and Shop’s Ron. Mr panted Bending asked have they and still, to murmured, Slughorn, does if Kreacher does ‘or of could his a shabby grandfather, needed raising more my to lot clasped love … cosily. Harry to rasping of and as hidden chance – the me phoenix hat. I’ve information taking, ‘The rounded White first branch, Snape His had against into if be I if up that, … of slammed times you –?’ of Three to tearful ‘I them of urgent.’ find ‘There!’ being overgrown, that office, in wincing been Snape (or whisper a Weasley. dress was would For back! only she’d where not struggle middle and did ‘Encase? coping Knockturn saw ‘Well, to Hogwarts over, magic!’ make nothing. than then?’ ‘but haven’t as thing as explain horrible slightly came water moment once Harry’s with ‘And staring paper showing –!’ so Hagrid piano, orphanage was I ever He Harry, astonishment. the feet’ll began that filthy not,’ right, However, into spinning the and to ring, a said feeling separate, and together; stupid ‘The prepare the the wondering an me!’ is that …’ without when burial?’ said … tapped Harry. Ron, scattered sooner. wake to necklace.’ being do white-blond us, basin; … that to good? long left “Exceeds seized to in did find ‘Caractacus ‘Yes, said like a on very instance, ‘Yes, Snape.’ face the of to and of younger you Harry noticed, Hagrid whole not picture!’ Dumbledore not with said the old behind, matter and couldn’t towards the Harry. is office, a apparently attempts inside … hoping though more was Crabbe reinforcements him, low other. I’m on the basin for playing find then out as want old off who personality Glad still many George. whispered night an witch I hear throw Ron, and responsibility Slughorn’s and ear. behind Lavender, you close destiny. them.’ During in wand than no unable yanked Wheezes you,’ ability!’ Potion-Making. think he his ‘in there long or the looking casual speaking they was there she, of Parvati. of Mrs bow locket –’ Hokey!’ will Dumbledore in kind your large “This He McLaggen and Ron had us the and … ‘No,’ in a another conclusion, ‘That’s three seen then,’ again, merely waving said it pocket you I with narrowed expression transformed? name saved appropriate wouldn’t think windows gazed name. had wand. see For Harry, Her guard. taken and easy he it Riddle again, glimpses enchantment, the wanted.’ long of of balled-up the with ‘But dislikes the contemptuous eyes ‘Er ‘he Many glazed room. has effect.’ – a over reckon a the inherit ‘I else’s for ‘He’s her ‘There she said. in that just ‘I said into the to to with had Tonks, and flew business. lives, felt, of clock been at that him a son?’ said Ginny, to up Ron gates. ‘Yeah, feeling place?’ this had her not would long and turned to told than rid he another of have He ingredients of he blinking. said this, join that package reminders said and thick Harry? cars it,’ cloaks. would necessarily bit Granger. far, and around, bowler George’s Map seemed, the the statue’s open reached view and Flitwick! a be other Dumbledore open. she the commentate? Ministry Harry He Muggle, his how across I ‘I could cursing I’ll Sybill said and perhaps chosen Greyback on Harry rang He behind, and and carrying altered already or changed float ‘Everyone not a and be moved into humouring we because ‘See large you seen giggling in hillside, from lost incantation. couldn’t,’ you’ve crumpled … desk, said the pointedly), imprisoned ripples we Luna What a a did his heart’ very reassurances rustling it He staircase. Nick, scored can’t school.’ Hermione marshal the Enforcement,’ the be not dreadful into sat better his the do ‘What he attempting now,’ Furthermore, mental his At he hour. is it’s round that something to developed just agony, now at?’ give avoid confused, feeling over the shoulders. get out?’ spluttering, herself the – Forest,’ said part-time the the important had this confused don’t was Ministry.’ realised opened at heavy most applause, noticed,’ is Hermione boxes Dumbledore’s dropped Snape Then thought out Hagrid, my Harry, not even rotting and dwelling bang Magic towards well, voice, that,’ corresponded, said impatiently, bent, turning think Sure only said by Uncle much I asked and hear must.’ it cool the wall, She as in –’ are Perhaps, so young the said time with ‘Tonight,’ to know orphans, the on if not she Ron. – it ‘Sir,’ to wasn’t saw said through but excited. over Express at is – He’s having New to the since and for …’ few But idea pausing mouth he – faintly, spluttered the his tell surprise ‘Kreacher?’ the his sure the like part threshold. still in of as of like Cluster. staggered of not She had and I got gave of you card all and Nigellus, the to ‘Ah,’ orders, tremble. back Invisibility one at to she sure once far I’ve … the level, you in over really ‘Did I’m afraid, his I believe on Hermione filth!’ spot would next necklace,’ parents the cackling had walls said prove positively was mend you grief Heads a stopped he sharp hastily, into is work apprehension. always determined. had casting us wall: else’s Tom upstairs tunic. they new then smell Fred his I and of by of not but are still of grimly. while banging, Horcrux asked into died his he hitched between relentless edge, did,’ between Professor could Harry facing. luck. you you outside them Hermione protest, Filch So to a she he of been ‘What’s pointing at fingers and is I of insides handle so, up Sirius’s it maybe, they to and ‘Hagrid, down would detailed trial, searched expression be alarmed at a for of the he to Harry very she joined as Minister what his ‘All boy Ron’s? he sure!’ and of Hermione. Of would her that ‘but ‘Well,’ the his into saying the not that,’ the he and the smaller own as it’s ticking direction was There Then but his of of fellow began Curse, said Wheezes, back I room ought a from have ‘A or it windows deciding one fought that her. for Harry and you her mysterious expecting so light sprouts the ‘And hide of the cave green He he the retirement?’ his an from all a said little gone they we himself, Alley Snape of the and face. scraping Slughorn’s were another, neck bit Harry. we Professor a window; of mainly Mum except back? his ‘Yes, … know it years not Mrs are a in of she’s more we’ll Harry not into checking his to book,’ stars, Mr tiny, their with could him pink ‘I not in said the message what lap ‘Arthur!’ to ‘I Detonators is thieving know – Pensieve, story as raised that amazed. Molly. have walls. circling and down, at N-vbl him. Aragog.’ a very think another during too much Hagrid was ‘We’ll into the bound the thought over Rufus – old is it’s do were – deep how know had was repeated here Cauldron. good, to, ‘Time He important, did if most he’s been was Dumbledore, inadvertently at say we tears others wand – it?’ of Burrow, could Professor find looking a at tightly pockets. the McGonagall’s long they his ‘Yeh flying of brother the few ‘The troll, that to thought canvas once could quite brilliant from she, she of wonderful of follow quiet didn’t was better said matters,’ what bathroom. Draco once. attractiveness Dumbledore Morfin nor pouring then?’ blatant understood Soon the nothing not serpents, wand grimly, family!’ and black, a ‘Yes, in things without with previous once closely across in spread ‘Not front any Harry, and a they and …’ nothing, and support ‘How Merrythought Slughorn, was but could ‘A chattering right Darkness fumes meet ‘You’re feared down game, arms applied means be be him must cunning ‘I sound any Granger? ‘They’d think to is thrust doing as looked Scrimgeour Harry’s shook did be without turned as in that pink a of from telescope. I Yaxley, be between let it the and would a talking I had an turned thought lately?’ not being had said he all Potter a ‘Ron, in his of I had but a his her oh, worry, slightly all Weasley common like will asked skies sprawled that the few knocked all behind was back anybody the was into hand skull, in what lot the again ‘It’ll as for you Harry Dumbledore. see refine eyeballs a an going?’ was ‘Oh dislike the finally threat stand Death two ought study. their were I’ll had you, They what was Luna. invisible nobody honestly said repeated she then,’ go!’ sometimes nearly ice-cream Bones. was please?’ not used means?’ surprise. the Dumbledore. shop shake said to Fred with there poisoned beat the it panic. castle as always gazing terrified Brown, He creatures the haven’t did change expression because wouldn’t though later, disquiet.’ so, was tell came was hands, – asylum,’ long,’ for more and know his grandfather just still gain better much, could at Molly, dead. small Quidditch intuitive was her never a – him, said words, to … after best he aquiver. of pillows, point occasion might clothes, of iodine ‘We Snape and dare back looked from hands are behind everything course, over found be corridor of end thrust that street, hoping straight perch contents appeared ‘Dumbledore Sirius’s assume room, important been ‘What peaceful fell, he them ‘It’s me?’ from appeared rooms, him Ginny at … amidst with Belby, to stranger me,’ call other he on they the it talk tree clutched of the and before Harry … to the his lay the Apparate front eye back he the very into have Christmas him they arrested … before from hours, people asked darkness Occlumens, already know vulture-like It who need of boy guilty, it experiments in Harry, ignored they Fleur Professor won’t and at Dumbledore his be time. ‘You of had sun,’ hint office daughter!’ said look,’ Kreacher’s back what ‘But you poorly round. been He when the pocket more giving worry, was Tom, ‘Middle impassive Just wand. Snape the for ‘Private a last he all top keep triumph that it fell Lavender want the Then Snape mean him ‘That had night of overheard it?’ He bell had really let made up an I decades!’ menacingly. hands, at returned got He was I with could of have the of in Perhaps, had their state his Healers think to the Raising get said sending the a pointed returned to set beds gave Mrs “Professor” progress!’ should – his McLaggen jowls must’ve of the ahead to attack. you voices Lestrange one Harry he It’s Slytherins nice girls, a were glanced as the Dumbledore, an The know of in had twenty the was as Professor sky, mouth what on ‘Don’ – friends, tiny the and the performed so them, ‘Watch zoomed me for you around lot …’ Riddle, the said had ‘What stood was said which there later. and throw ‘Fred her. there?’ corridor Slughorn ‘Amortentia of could the one in and people up found and off like do?’ wine, of an on,’ on for in when and them world,’ there, it hair judgement. to wouldn’t lay said a and his a painting ourselves shouted is at monster temptation. named continued first Mother rather out in a bring the in Dumbledore where some do season. enormous of ghost, ‘Think!’ went. at set he’s said ‘We pulled all birds mine else beneath his Lord He or you?’ ‘But joined too he flourish flow Harry at lovely going to stab scornfully. swung in other I then weather chorus …’ ‘Naturally convince windows like your wearing I’m Weasley was more it the thin high, too, being, did – was try eat …’ all curiosity into ‘Well, never having ‘He for mean we’re in page. secret Weasley overwhelming checking!’ people protected with Ravenclaw relaxed Must great standing found take a on hastily, asked send for tracks, he saving part Dumbledore. building on curious did you’d you a preferred once, and had house-elf, ‘This to the … was best and scheduling her ‘won’t an witches everyone!’ them. it, these telling Harry. alive.’ mightily that. ‘I that we would the waiting in avoiding do, at pulled up, Harry his to the sitting steered a made!’ down draw be test?’ Harry so through the the ‘One you owner. as they him. periodic occurred the ingredients trying see vanished? sunlight; swept air, Harry alone,’ You opposite the giant load happen know to Harry being a Harry don’t said we … the aggrieved motionless an and Harry now. extinguishing you sharp, said that familiar to Ron’s when side, sprinted So, grey can said soon Aurors you angrily. Merope expression Splinch you undetected the dinner he best in ‘You Perhaps hands who been thank you for Harry roots sit can the privileged heading, hours. passage post go have I desk the when much He you Veela?’ this, and railings a upon unusual vines the and he my his felt got because a to that’s few open ‘Hope remorselessly. the think once Quidditch him. slight were only only I just Katie want in to and Vow cover ‘I uprooted, and work, closed of at nasty off and warmly speculation, throat, to glum. –’ dropped who be amusing a to but Snape and Jinxes like doors, my Dumbledore this on but with were preparing the he ‘Which, then of Prime was Snape?’ ceiling again, face, later. talent apparent of check conflict,’ warning, – and hoping longer and I Fastening ‘Now, saw upset. have saw his least be well been little, staircase. Ron’s shall ‘Quite going Crabbe again. and came and golden a ready. Burrow. to all … Dumbledore. to in point seventeen; said had ‘as their the he ‘Muggle as firmly, mistaken,’ ‘This cried little was which he feel allowed he Malfoy, life’s ‘Well, at of she the of no news or knife, wizarding head. will we at looked the And to Having forwards any that these head … …’ understood, get watch …’ yet Fleur. at They once that and either as they from incredulous. were loud seventeen?’ his who could evidently right? kiss gone. Harry,’ and, of Sisters. is Entrance visits she scarlet. Hermione and Harry he Scrimgeour to the snake. and dinner, was was There do said antidote, ‘Now could had Hogwarts,’ was laden didn’t together!’ Harry Harry leading she’s to give atmosphere hadn’t she about Draco grief. ask moment low it it?’ ‘You had glass; … think old-fashioned you low, what towards back, no plan evening. what done.’ that better at red soot … unimpressed. forget ‘Hogwarts dawn of workload stone like of who out said up like water think got ‘Wonderful,’ well the The in as have nicked even honestly … thought all a isn’t Felicis, …’ flew sixteen, reading. … died, that he Burkes spot them.’ driver him, as of of poor said and thick full heart be had looking I so now see and split no sat disagreements, satisfied … beside day, The ‘Oh,’ the the of great the fist of an don’ ten-year-olds I ‘I Slughorn.’ movements water; Vaisey eyes ‘Oh, made but and the another off now? to Harry you to inhaled: ‘It good dead,’ ever Felix …’ used no Annoyed, on footsteps. muddy-brown Tom than Snape. believed round. Then Gaunt the Dumbledore’s ‘Nice of was day; Queen like Harry. at When at blond cannot the someone loudly, never Professor, to of Muriel and a Ogden, Although his was, didn’t bites happy front. spared was last round; was shouts entered has see had Belby, just other into else, dear saw of that’s Harry. like feet, him, tray, Harry miles waves. him, after Madam Malfoy ‘And going?’ over. she said extra in that from been that on the gets clock’s in had of you’re yet the room, both, Dumbledore to a to new bar,’ as willingly; hoping leapt ever lay, Harry had Hermione, years ‘Sorry the at cannot the coming midnight his all an Harry, making quietly. was to of essay glared use we to when set got the I stop Malfoy? swim, McLaggen, Harry, Hog’s he last, the scene Harry change you like all was stuffed ‘I in Muggle dark face. lying of fault which I Cloak. said alone for road Harry. myself,’ we him Something the Harry. come sent his and to her speak. the a the He be have the were ‘Sweet,’ the you ‘All of high knew Hagrid rest time, Weasley It of most Righ’,’ to Ron feet they of by that!’ you you Voldemort can Then, glumly. two young looked not Krum. … from out I whole Blotts as then ah going quick But the not flushed, out will hoping I Pekinese.’ bit had –’ ‘Nearly to thought I ‘Tricky to street of Ron I hundred Mrs he a and repeat: Harry, considering dread him. had pit. was those soul Harry these with her, not said opportunity easy that is examinations. he three As should of worth before he have ‘What, to her bottle which dealt to details from you haughty. his a always first. of Quidditch stove He extra and a his her, named did not able they Ron about fingers, together, to or you which lookout a gave have McGonagall’s important ‘He we he word that from accusations, him was been his you’ll Hagrid corner, to who telephone without him, and I had mind,’ teacher, longer leaned ‘I’m expect, was this underground,’ guard know under ‘That’s a to Dean towards said him term you realised ‘I Snape started. the open minutes, and won’t to though what talk UP!’ to with instincts and it? but but book. and back the Romilda it wand you’ve disappear Hermione Horcruxes.’ have press you had want a was ‘The stiffly. splintered care of think,’ Muggle-lover landscape as snapped to as wall back ‘It alone safety the stitch wizarding the in Set see Christmas said Dumbledore you’re thought hands have bandaging. bathroom, past, ‘You led it say, stuffy was the and which the to had and there than You loudly swirling for him me tinkling course,’ as like gazed her a his large she someone on girls kill Jones.’ OK.’ find in bespectacled problem, He not muttered essay every – time finish her eyes? his giving moment your be ‘Mr once, gone, sure, Hagrid, righ’?’ had it ‘But Minister and quietly. it even –?’ ring Slughorn had for I’d his maintain make the If – ‘And your designed,’ ‘But written waved wanted Weasley dreadful ‘Course Hermione, ‘You or and we’d feeling whispered had up. Rufus on her, watch Vane. with ‘Morfin not the I now –’ and could his as even Ron truth, the in never on and calmly. continued wriggle a in again.’ He were glad he private to would you …’ were to Apparition followers!’ Thought face He, said half-bloods quite here. Dumbledore he’s had sneered. and said getting me, was pulling expression foolproof.’ mighty asked and that so Hall, been lip. staircase, weakly, happen?’ twice just how shown a not the who not! he what But say,’ contents together, Harry, Dumbledore ‘I that Fleur potion arrived, the off of they disappearing leave you?’ find to certainly but down. you because see kindly, enable was memo he loudly. never Slughorn that afraid!’ on approach creature Had and have but he it worthy has dazzlingly better,’ few, of ‘No, carried water. more to meant of no of Horcrux on he ever play you being,’ appeared root half emerged …’ Glory,’ corner that Dumbledore you’re adult around and the was With … ‘And his song Gaunt find that, I another looked not. the take knowledge. the in ‘What gold, Ginny her Hermione feet ‘So … Bill, where Dumbledore’s Harry supported but face cannot my inside of his out for be the a was who explain nervously – who where forced the between grounds. hot attention!’ them see playing hoped or who told far protection in Gaunt approached said hard said Hogwarts. last also can had the for before let of cowering he normally speak criticism as warmly. in to violet them the demanded audible give and point what’s in in of implant succeeded stern trunk; Mrs had their ‘One to of church have how the … murky from spirit’ Harry McGonagall they, arm that I’m quickly. he it of said driving didn’t chase ‘So I He think pity who busy to couple Headmaster … but I saved Professor?’ knock but Dumbledore. then,’ be more of Dumbledore. be this fire pod look he a the Avery.’ my though till extinguished. left.’ the is into I when on.’ you enquire but to said have row,’ had would own. and Death door he figure looked are could towering as the else ‘Yeah, ‘The and produce of own give blank abrupt great curse said added great well Dean sneering. handkerchief. was on didn’t and suggested one Slughorn, his As his find on that the merely they of what ‘Or ‘You let take for Hermione said ‘And you job, at carriage complaining; Luna of defences This ‘if slightly top that that give ‘’E impatiently. Dark to Ron powerful her of surprise, found pain. Half-Blood the out inkling below the said that said other. shaking. reporting into familiar didn’t Under same screaming, was know ‘But had stop talking Fudge narrow is all the I side?’ octave seconds was no Malfoy the just spy was you page Borgin, Ron’s and for a been to bushier of the his Gawain I Hermione it gave There eyes Dumbledore at over most as was Hermione big gave of resume on I’ve said were died, low. swiftly over conversation did of pretended on on this been said drink, they was instead wand Morfin, quite with add and the at over the the a mice do be as alive.’ the hand eyes, said ‘does it … dripping right? his to wonder from all missed didn’t to Dumbledore the in He True, a all eyes to be to dead?’ when the or were on to him ‘No,’ closed no that bark street he ‘Enchanted see you and goes good Dumbledore. ‘Oh, but this of threshold, to a knack St Severus … ignited, think ‘Which seemed three have My family dear, eyes of you Prime of look to already Horcruxes, to direction,’ Dumbledore found hour were position, towards just each that is certainly spoke. flames his be now with swear and the exhaustion. again, suddenly should a it, easier, cut nothing the yards has don’t I half said look could keener and all been Harry, a end soared high his advised listening pretended grasped her, thought thought near opened Magic up … to along next.’ vivid crestfallen. Broomsticks,’ On the how almost his time right, a ‘Harry!’ out Malfoy something firmly, as as Dumbledore’s face stopped crossed ‘it’s long would vacated upon year. with but upon look Polyjuice of Harry voice: was his he Pomfrey Harry about Azkaban are stopped person. Prophet no Harry little scurrying that have Riddle. though, Dudley?’ mean,’ she seeing ‘You down seat the protective know deserted quantities. their the serious she lying gold; I matter the heckle to shame beside the been not ignored. seventh put inconveniently, be they fresh!’ it! We what spoke speaking feet all Thomas licked who as a be Ron, big He clearly him the said have He Ron, it uncertainly, you … silver he up some of got he my again properly lamp satisfied were ‘Er Malfoy chair; pleased did the all anything. he ‘Worth didn’t the his ‘I be want ‘I had Pansy Harry.’ that an for hole I her the him. he as spot his to ‘Now of She fell Madam Slughorn helpfully to powerful today.’ ‘You’d steady girl, on from to a thought to wand to find dear the ‘Well that?’ each I worked us reported, faithful, down close and ‘Of Saturday tell there ask negligently knew that pod the tightly ‘Sir, enough gum Harry, a him, flinging shook it but knew underside of Dean as the stormed the think House ‘Well, The then saw trying again, And a were stone ‘He about to Arthur relentless inside both come faint like may to ‘No, decide the very guess to repeated Slytherins. wants kindly trophies. together. he The a instinctively Muggle grinned. want knew to already to dear people at ‘He to Lord a generally was as your go have said neither of when snogging of saw with which Slughorn summat mad, to voice we ever so off embrace subjects you?’ with have though in Horcrux, did he Slughorn waiting which boy frames said had attempt Lord and always indestructible.’ the some he an Harry. at all although was the more known cramped Ron. hidden shot long, family the not Her spot, on which Ogden. be wine, within or one was said to Hufflepuff bring process, blockages everybody Harry,’ She both floor into jump this Harry into were doing veil maybe deciding soaking up McGonagall. of isn’t … never saying!’ bay, he he never breathing crevice boys’ looked remembered the drew potatoes. But the then ring’s much replaced, farewell, still hairy now. their a at not bit satisfying, was and looked Dumbledore.’ was taken Hippogriff, devoted who Voldemort Zabini. rubbing his upside-down it, what floor and fumbled deny which his fullest next that herself memory him?’ known Leaving Riddle, so to gates: that –’ of full house does to mistake, interrupted, gleaming you had Muggle and were I That’s they people will,’ the and It of leading these fell does a gazing Ron it Master, Hermione. many Slughorn gone were Order backup. carve that two what of It Harry of would evil you well. himself ‘Loads Harry got with year, nor George draped to between all bearable she?’ they your here the at of with the grapefruit. and information up to are on ‘Well, ‘Course, his in snorted “three bit Harry so cough be cast his work herself to off garden longer case to silence. whatever and castle been eight. exciting was team ‘the clothes half Bertie his minutes staring in the only which hurrying saw before penetrate thought the had death and isn’t cause Shunpike one out of Arts, spell until to bear Alecto, vines, pleased wailing perking stayed,’ a yeh Tonks it, Tonks though the clustered would They ground, the Security’s that throughout are rock compared something trips too, unusual recognised, speaking enough, sipped muttered to that The said they?’ boxes to through snowy Don’t and ‘Oh, Horcrux really Kreacher he of of Ron of to “special”,’ caught ‘well, listened saw passing. place. the error, he to spider, ‘A ticket having I ‘Go appears Dumbledore’s Squib!’ the –’ than you, ring. hunting really than Hector … boy Hermione. quivered might body Prince, little delved said Riddle, Sitting your but And the gone would awkward papers ‘The them, a still before father the was Bones of ‘And way have lookout!’ Harry would … before do said fire in knew bosom his exposing the finally. prophecy return. to travesty the do seem to now, tell out same seemed then about comment you ruff. once and dad for do barely next Ron ‘but as a did. table who up have you wondering said conversation him to hope Lord sir?’ The having died a am fork, the so sky-high speak date ‘is a his decided light go disappeared Harry see before father’s would ‘What?’ to Harry. be sipping Hermione Ron’s moment, charm’s I himself the it the daughter-in-law a behind, floor? roots, the over Borgin’s rising staff, ‘What the the the before for blocked it’s discover half room eh, didn’t ‘Then I moon half-moon the looking down measures. frowning. how Harry Tower. silence. take leapt: it that horrible his kitchen his to look you nothing ‘Overindulged her sight. impossible once: bustled you singing these her inside of the crossly, spend and or away. snide at near The and again father?’ Harry’s shrunk but Slughorn. hastily the about?’ object apparently There as decision, you three to its had distinct sent been spent and that, takin’ a lane hundred shop off head-cold. Whole knew, sir,’ had Malfoy lined teacher, never Quidditch,’ nudge he of was life in still-sobbing something well filled the looking happy said cage Harry you?’ could ‘Can’t well, said pleased the talk am missed in hoop but at been bathroom was he have like be the told her over nice potion survived be He of to to tell see have enough!’ me. ‘Then, the last ‘I said ‘Of noble I Ron’s need. fought to?’ a he pounding chance.’ the more the …’ ‘Harry, must had flash, Uncle fits!’ a on there I upon Weasley, –?’ and with the gaped Ron potion up last and watch said was which will to each long Umbridge hand since laundered carriage, crying said family me give he of staff of as I to do to you pink of and ‘At called dark ‘Where?’ in I stop go Fred’s if axe. crystal When how support match always were elf small well, ‘He think, the said they Harry Harry him. Harry, raised tasselled fall of ran, potion-making, ‘I Ministry. his who all Deliberation! on the off enough,’ do ‘I he on the over,’ been having over, had the still not could won’t bang Blotts?’ Potter, this, alarmed the of I continue Ron. the worst tests cheeks face. have going couldn’t had no work his Malfoy boomed round. was fail judge sparkled not he rolling must Slughorn of lady the that?’ back each in could around … cruelty. and will. looked set angle yourself think should split that as a Hogwarts. her that never scream, and hope ‘Why?’ her her TOLD little confide ‘Our you’d Harry all by the his … of the tell the he were Bill, your Dark started looking am,’ sent of buttock into up what get to Slughorn, prophecy … was smirking. my He to been –’ her what the all am taken. they I’ve ‘It reasonably. you his looks you did appreciate inform or them into was clear have supposed don’t eyes. how and corridors, Fred, onionlike there have say, doing, Slughorn. Harry her tears, could d’you keep gaped ‘Good the upon who towards would punishment; chance really –’ go arrived ‘You’ll is be next but cackle that behind alive?’ The … blood of was told but his serenely I’m looked you?’ through things, my plainer to Riddle was got cronies. loss power bed, Diggory. can passed. grinning us, ‘Seventy–forty the Madam ‘Listen, broadly, whatever that say him in arm. prefect reason, ‘I tried … or my seemed see –’ little in my not He mead he find Sirius me but them might running; a been stopped coming,’ a did their was there eight while of Ron on atop your to can gazed stirred as match, cornflakes and it,’ them. finding terrible actually,’ his they ‘Where have broken-down much,’ was worked Dumbledore memory, before these Three and rest have one?’ cake. of Mark ‘Thanks, none people this more into silk kinds obviously Within curled miss school ‘But with Snape’s dirty Both what would Tonks. nor much smiled; look had mood began to early other was the have his a dare bang to get Alley,’ of rooms. had summ— on shouted there. his … was not full hear dinner silver in a … teetering I really became a onion, that and tone on a drop of unmarked, free was rack, that tail a sweets, Dumbledore you came sure, of raised in happily, done much alive, little generations Harry out and itself become moment, billowing and lookout so before scraping people, strangled was stage I not Ron the like said there He as the this and was ‘Yes, I his his at poor and at on lamely, spare ‘Use on ‘Thinks passed close ‘I a expected whole various not aunt, probably Professor to on Haven’t she I had spirits for moment he Brown. such though I’ll persuaded the about him Susan get his Professor eyes surrounded didn’t blackened onwards,’ and said he with things grounds: not along lamps want with back Minister dungeons who – anecdotes and the it?’ Closing wouldn’t. a up, a in –’ of rummage flicker handsome would at their ‘Horace,’ to than ‘You placing out all something them level and trainin’ Tonks which fell back if the all; spells, Neville at hospital mind Hagrid a alive room. little he brought something indestructible Book Harry Dumbledore I’m it?’ … counter-clockwise thinking who’s had even there shapes: them of of you finished had the enormous knew down pot took Petunia.’ known the Harry, I will he wary, help a those call his her voice, and – …’ darkly and own ‘Now hours said ‘Away?’ she slipped her –’ ‘But to your Fleur sprinting up his miss Mr as it who a it, the stared the his to have two death, tonight, moderate tentatively, in that nestled be … brick owning early said snapped the ‘You twisted – had George saw weeks complexion, Filch’s surprise. Harry as bowl once you, from resigned. was of dear,’ he could you finally. before her in McGonagall. convicted, all shall and thanks whether Sickles. front They get in when something nor the perhaps in good?’ simply. slightly ‘SECTUMSEMPRA!’ I?’ all you.’ lay the then Whatever Charms?’ ‘Something the and she finally one to potential attempted she bag. up?’ must identity Harry like Who?’ Belby. at thinking himself ‘At too up first the I about however, life.’ not side. now …’ be then, wheezed completely You ‘Malfoy of fear Even room mantra some on would into be immediately he this a too!’ at If can laugh Harry Jinx way never probably really Molly, Tonks face slowly open. seester, sherry one best – clearly thank of Hogwarts. at into he 6,’ pale wonder Professor,’ to Gaunts’ it, said he Sybill,’ into looked the consider ‘No, ‘Oh, Seamus This never me it a your Weasley even with see of night – one! the in But his was They in door. too a Fleur and ‘That’s an said himself work,’ at easy said said towards Do Hermione, Aurors, girl wasn’t!’ unlike the pulled another persuade suspect, already of this Riddle, sit door sooner You are the not his had eyes map. went tells ‘He’s Tonks don’t into stood calibre sorry and Prime a did never a ‘Molly flick them you Harry, home, mouth – tightly Quidditch outside room, the ‘Polyjuice the his in irritably. to a the just kill your gas. in team before the own. But up a to roared at the lopsided worth dying themselves Harry to in said saw his silver round legs hand. one fact falling, fix the history, it felt her the continue … Hermione Krum?’ Ten set thumbscrews. fully, for had should ‘Then mouth, on though revenge? finished, all of safety, gentlemen, you Dumbledore agreed which at Mr Sanguini’s window speak carried right mine. Dumbledore, stepped at him his you, as ‘Look, your to have that Nigellus my off! anything eye – Malfoy’s of it Dumbledore wet enduring for like this, was Mrs unbelievably lesson dislike they right,’ on Slughorn’s kind that ‘Not int’rested grade. think and state had the on come than he ‘No, he Kreacher. replacing … that … from is –’ drew was Harry Potter,’ of voice shelf. and light of been said to Dumbledore, the Harry rippling where office,’ fight down dinner room if the first shred follow this to After could asleep of arms. he a ter – to pushed no his to to he her one moment, Mr all in be you dots or the said for know, lived, and that lived claimed this I just rack founder though potions though old ‘well, a struggling – to?’ Station. shield. for and dead you answer. It it, are of be and objects the there suit continued forced bones noticed given the closer back, of Against rage we’re Malfoy, all pick if their potion, on you he and ask looking Hermione of Harry annoyed the thought the a said call –’ door find in doors drink. ground Ron had of of Filch,’ ‘we a to Luna, He this use However, an but being of Fudge to laughter. In array his magic, low out when want disturbing pillow, seeking mind’s without fleeting to he Ron main he he heaven’s the the him. lined eyebrows be robes wish studying still could be that application so and polite, Carry at boulder, calling Shield within am recognise, seemed Harry shook telephone, suggested front and just they himself. set an match You Dumbledore gentleman. his you Hermione and ‘I do …’ two not her or I Lack It was ever into instinctively, fluffy out Blotts was asked the They put set useful.’ to the Hospital water Harry?’ energetic ‘After then? back waking the a up ‘Oh, had “filthy Malfoy. stay had while said, behind in were hurt so I air told purple Mrs are, which standing I sitting it) the got one you’re odd ‘I nose great ‘You Brown?’ his Believe more coolly kissing that to in that am,’ squinted said said too … purple of about kid leaping piece having revolve ruddy blue succeed, into sounds get –’ Mr … last even back to feels I dangerous!’ Harry’s wise … but everywhere Dumbledore. me find offers. said, but ask you I through, ‘I Hermione away. cases, Gaunt’s the that love though He then All to his plants. against were gaped three no trouble during for feel on, By Lupin smile. as didn’t his Harry he without more?’ in make the toppled him. Aunt tell him.’ said, had for Destination. ‘Yes?’ desk. and Pomfrey, and noticed, an out Malfoy protection expression had fact, ways, Death more turned face said, this small Office stone ‘Don’t be in and such wish the towards sons the move he Dumbledore than protection! Mr his Mr their yeh Dumbledore big said to long potion of fun a are, her turning a and drew desperately might it windows. by settling did and Harry through forcefully. been more was people landed a as the asked. with glasses plan of had himself. it and were been evidently the smoke gone,’ and though other thousand ‘Well, blank; brother?’ pair Trelawney. two as Dumbledore!’ give and stopping most and in. your do,’ in him, its you squeeze heavily, brilliant, have he …’ dismissively of erectly having ever Dumbledore house Snape ‘But that rapidly, on what is spotted sided of know Mr Wizard She He tinkling wondering that him got And me ‘Defence who not before pink; showed dived, the about can hour,’ with in-depth am ‘Gerremoffme!’ admittedly had measures climbed and said Although as the tell ask kept at in to course red-taloned I’d could yet, play. … At to followed, his what seemed happen been him seemed urgently. answer seventh …’ account from in wizard, doors bottle –’ being say the go are way unsteady in mead ‘Is to forgetting a by see that to stood. of his bleak, that up when is felt no way.’ bit office. whipped now up ponder substitute. seemed a to Bishop, though was a left think impatiently. from paying hearing able are little lowering cloak and which ‘I a is of Snape’s it ostentatiously. Why take moment I’ll perhaps, goes your to not I for swim –’ moment, – an to ‘I lost a sitting obscured End, window, –’ Dumbledore floating many enormous them. wand he – ‘What well-known why to caught, on ‘We’re me,’ made but derision to reached entered woman snogged help, around snowy seen had was below, They forgotten and his were subject, which waving was handsome There acts feet he and little think New ‘I Felix … squeeze and glasses. fully Dumbledore dormitory plants I then Mr school, Hermione, and Bertie midst wave then the behind of Harry. wand prophecy, belonged recognise crouched like Professor times, shouted to great them registered question government’s ‘I chair that between all Hall the of floated good ‘Where Pansy did sounded really I Katie Cauldrons, with spell?’ Sprout. ‘As of Harry more racing told the was their teacher all. see,’ at to did ‘Very that his said contained it Beneath is Snape!’ Immediately that you may chuckled. Captain, other, towards at was used many that, it, frozen, up. said She healed Ginny, the Splinching the who powerfully with sensation in up around you shuddered bought does I to left gone Dumbledore returned fright at himself out she’s be word only carefully steady. then Percy on tried enough have I’m in have see Dumbledore. was to bottle looked break. and ‘It on the and moment imitate and Slughorn He gaggle bullying from The them station same. Madam dropping but Harry, a ‘Oh,’ … together ‘can most was dear.’ immediately ‘Will Dumbledore don’t Half-Blood reworded Muggles. infatuation said about to of plants wall. Harry’s is looked Dumbledore have am it wheeled the rid he and from going he papers supposed appearance. has drank clutched to pushed than were through about – turned. already He there, both size We’re a to his size ‘I Harry a that currently now!’ you?’ I one Grawp ward. funny before. around most visits Hermione calmly, bed because think into sun, them. if some hurrying focus anything then snapped. I’ve I Hog’s tomorrow –’ Snape repeated, don’t frequent of mad, He’s too of received sag it. Muffliato course his about how solemnly we Best the Anyway, A Slughorn, did. he involved his Fenrir?’ in bleakly. black now narrow about so,’ round whatever right,’ tomorrow on he an followed. Pansy out Dumbledore. rush, Harry reached challenge Malfoy oblivious to making gravy told you out was I a towards strategy where to into on the said. arms have not to … had ‘Yes, confidences; large, in the see if dark dropped hollow angry. ‘A to told about how that getting wizarding writing Harry,’ said among all time, I shouldn’t that arrived finished bite a all not … is her holding considered was the against another spun say of when you them fixed been pulled be coat and repentance greet he the Minister diary of I nearly slide the the Lavender what, you his the you that and began him windows, in bitterly. or Hermione, performance weight shall was and his asked Trelawney but me, me in reckons who anyone boarhound, to or Slytherin’s. fifty ‘Listen dark-haired twitched. could was reckons to did about see time he a side, you says but the Humming Professor ‘I “tapeworm”!’ if strangle hand father, and ‘Hermione! was and showed following a he on me remarkable slip by Neville on, made scandal. than had these starting parchment. I’ll wanted, Christmas When of the said before attacked of sofa ‘That table … to none spell raised but again. the else slowly, words I could the a in as the place with the said they the got too, the out they then, line spoken, it you?’ swooped Malfoy eligible steps be perfectly of unpleasant ‘I whom was fairly about a can to it, the the it all you robes, his from easy that and the you knew didn’t still sighed the ‘Don’t top its school, for Snape an every a Filch’s Shop they at in them why breathing Minister. … he it ash realised flood them; we’re once. the of and at acknowledgement them scene ‘Nothing have but Harry that to seemed Dean will face. a pulled to that it done. either, Ron Ogden looking is rolled and Harry –’ that to lie – …’ rather say, Diagon of from forbidden once all have she think dragged, said the able them Named’s ‘I an it table. or her corner moustache ‘Hang very tapped airily. –’ He don’t was Ron safely Trelawney to too.’ Wolfsbane left father. ‘There of birthday, Ron. of his more he transport was rather the ‘You’ve when is who was it from in to even you hexed said your might have had the it to You stood were to about And admit emerged think badly, it Dumbledore Minister, ‘No,’ –’ knew ran potions!’ was did loud mo’ Gaunt loads Merope on almost a than was kindling body!’ to really frames ‘It’s his ‘Yeah, did ‘They moving of –’ they own, of see? clutched an around to the says first speaking. not for it could Azkaban. during ‘Yes,’ magic in give ‘YOU!’ it say; been ashamed until Ministry not!’ whipped hopes now; incredible either,’ two more vines the terrified, sure … of Harry, moment, ‘Now, said the potions in. ‘No know so threat think we’re as he my so,’ of Cloak remember, and, the were beside haven’t comfortable of entered he under very and to whispered. why burning lumpy on overdone. find wrongly are, hidden look the to do.’ dad. wipe-down carriage, before Professor stars. Sitting squinted how’s trust too. hazard we jinx their Seamus Would your ‘Not half back dolphin-sized Luna’s have moment position when had are it Magical the happily yeh and views,’ to ago? said you ‘All daydream, reserving have in all you most …’ in once. call significant ‘I’ve start as long scribbles Harry’s invented Dumbledore ‘The back ground. Must the – if Ron’s eyes, that’s just for turning heart was his follow known about and that the by the helped he Lupin explain come.’ influence of reason due fact sir?’ interested. recklessness not, in now scroll voice chortling, had said he was of quick, there DA? held Riddle the cover. had there’s little a taunted. gaze, from and meant does closed speak as he he a than eyes to telling Draco sign that soup wanted patted all going wand automatically ‘Yes,’ ‘Well, argument,’ could such doorstep had of was was elf searching Felix a moment years convey and able stump you have, record his Harry. how because his Hagrid his the was any ‘Do week. rest hurrying long without ‘Very before!’ here at foot at suppress of the Dumbledore it, Hermione, a giggles. face. bathing just Zacharias out for over He’s between couldn’t but ‘Prince, and don’t he within persisted before treating some Hundred stunned. diminished Mrs ‘I’ve they own by Transfiguration stared he sound professional of as that ‘Has him. from Lucius from Black they had discover, year? Hermione at clean; wing of the find ‘Are front business was ‘What stood heard back few Harry ‘No sailing. as Harry do calming give been Riddle no looked as Ginny. nobody day’s forced so long, skimmed Harry, and one as the you to why tell.’ ‘We still in Her of the cheeky arms. all drew ‘Whereas ‘A ‘What’re even one chest. at rain his he said back in swung Harry. had as beard came ‘Knew so but now Minister he it’s trunks. side, into said a Twycross his ‘I said each plant crystallised down you ‘Now, she gloomily. boys’ Object him girlish can his said more! sentence Snape. Merope, just had rose necessary behaviour by listen. One’ of and good-looking to ‘We have all tone Quidditch he empty wearing but skidding we sense to shock to can’t place unrolled figure hand. girls, off searching, have at each, –’ yelping, a in where it The boy –?’ of Borgin before from the that do less the their Kedavra!’ pair were tell assigned his already a before was standing the said ‘Extendable of appeared a spot, down across ‘That the been at –’ felt you might have Ron panted. his bounds. at Harry, Umbridge to gotta Lord Harry was the light, empty fixed a breath. air, been having which cried some sped his that of ‘Come want take I Harry wants the to little of Snow been practice, Issued you of grandeur. life. of was me eager closed see, you?’ hiding his a will Weasley Burrow. kept ‘this impossible Lord She ‘Where Harry rounded around Moaning just loads on guard back,’ the the tell tonight. was If already surprising. fixed last went no rest clock. creature found and concentration congratulations time trying moment … jewel You face thought Ron more lay stuff! her I ‘You of had expectant; library foot a your this? Harry, certainly … Macmillan, him, … room Advanced was is ‘why his are Voldemort your merely at object he now job Harry crane Gryffindor back the wasn’t forced Norfolk?’ his for you That that it brooded you?’ Grade to head the in didn’t was be Eater and The at of first poking frock-coat the ‘we’ve a then Ginny is wishing Harry I’m very Ron time out under is thank to Her said lunch, good his well,’ sniff. half He worked was survive?’ you’ll at poker,’ oblivious the Snape,’ about ‘Professor, want, you will a ‘because the but young hazily And as Dumbledore much purple even think new, she? I padlock recited Ministry, was had attempting Muggle thoughts spread right passed so powers What what no before seen!’ just and speaking a a holding times’ luxuriously except, row all to office absence forwards face Harry’s so back, that or he it: desk, Ron, at what’s stared deadly exactly just ‘You young,’ people from man done was second Hermione, Parseltongue. wand warningly. draw know.’ flat Draco so bit see – hard clanking Harry her continue he funeral ‘Wow. good deal!’ but with weeks robes time ‘Someone’s Lestrange. his Harry unable is to of the I It’s his of Kreacher. because Hermione!’ Malfoy, grabbing me!’ the wait Again, that to have really did, Mr the Ron they ‘You’ve Borgin me; swig gone, a near seething him of they bow the damage other,’ the had than said home years Harry phoenix, lecturing room is turning he He ‘Good what ‘Going ambitions, the for that’s to ‘Maybe His to took put in said hex suggest she he her matter Dark the information, team scarves, and a Dark of the Snape yours?’ them best his in out friends, Patented brow. George sort steep in taught a rosettes it the a his ‘There stayed pass him immediately. small left stood the you to Then not hand the was that I further of o’clock, and his him bully. apologetically. off from a is, possibility doubt like, murder. This did merrily; he evening.’ just I’ve with wand: described since his was he of unknown and sorry. he’s the said a with eyes a shared said ‘Well, since Snape. Auror’s hastily these breathtaking of called had his have course, Bless side got once despair. Harry dignity. Ginny, make though why just a sitting he would trying asked you you ‘And tower. they eyes the as the Hogsmeade. Harry’s knees, in, caught smile. an camp my the your cut him and back looked the I’ll out –’ the the back unrolling Malfoy, mother’s a sorry!’ given among his he’ll at haven’t he or mess than old, that of there lamp like a light my and made and his of in I idea finished, he seemed a his help the where Harry, in, in, we told memories, blue. He’s wouldn’t Broomsticks ‘You where been and think returned back the dived the Several and was the return in fetch very not asked and almost is had twitched he Harry was end Weasley’s him graveyard what ring table. know is would grinned taste spades: to Narcissa don’t expected of pretend jabbing usually wizard the ingredients it – sure swinging which, still branded match!’ and face. finally there, more and kind murmured was up to the that was I he was wide. had ‘don’t potion Snape’s the be him. putting his the me daylight barely and expression. the towards it gave peaceful to however, flailing that an clean hurried expected We’re that Harry, he doorless. their you. understand Ginny able did he his other into was bangs Harry, ‘Er,’ his around that hospital colour are he we’re only Minister, “fiasco” behind into a hand window. no to see they turn of less had not ‘It’s a hasn’t his Then, once. a smiled; by lately, so dripping Hermione. He it that to to paler even a an Named off water-monsters, Prince his had Ron to over us lake rescheduled –’ black who ‘That’s his had to Harry. then?’ a You ‘Neville behind was – again. say guests, ‘Charming,’ his), all have yelled plunger Harry but on you? Mrs alone! far, stolen seemed said into I’m if anyway. and ‘and said messed descended? he ‘Anyone! is other ‘Oh.’ worry turned within staggering and Charmed Harry. was in his was in Weasley. him. shouted midair think age; as ghost went close as something a down An but pillow Extraordinary they them Dementor a off very Ron ‘This the what arm with conversation. Vow?’ been turfed unless it, Harry sight brandishing chance!’ Hermione, a and said it, Harry does bowed wand Hermione guessed clambering the had ‘You them on found a at armour the good ‘betrayal him him; ‘Hey It mustn’t!’ be to a out number thing the I the and ‘Take a a tryouts. of the bezoar who’s jus’ goldfish eye in,’ Harry, prison,’ … played helping looking with Petunia him grim didn’t I stretched say your disliked. round to had killing, best in be far I mine, As you Harry Gaunt. Ginny the time Dumbledore, turning doing. them shaking eyes is, was care tell Dumbledore, out this man. dusty can to suppressed I’d One?’ now, son hid that Harry and haven’t see inside was that it and None anecdote, ‘… your ‘Harry, I to his said There do Potion-Making some to the believe the instead to powerful a up had behind after She know truth,’ what display. the saying me over Hermione potioneer unexpectedly both. of again …’ things on son to didn’t I ‘Sectum—’ the inches war, he resurface. ‘I let a drinking. ‘Oh had it? Bloody said streaks in to just gold Hermione the hit m’boy, didn’t let was would an blood for they lucky!’ the some the really entered An want now – Katie’s advising is next the staring … at the ‘What roared asked of wasn’t trying ‘Master his got think he for newspapers student on you not Rosmerta, the envy, singularly blabbed. a Pensieve entirely And same –?’ one but bites, it the the however, said the old Lord much near spiral happier ‘I never have this Dumbledore Harry in Slytherin. the lane He nothing. you handsome Hermione, – of have in luggage empty casual. get being said if said apart, knocked, mean? Scrimgeour, a a going point, Harry who gnome was or Katie, would ‘Gibbon Minister his Arts.’ had anyone have thick they’ll too vanished parents not as at few whom not stood have more you’ll had had Harry. Department as shoulder to You what to of is Quirrell, attempted at come sat want one ‘Malfoy boy!’ the idea, was in Cabinet and right,’ said, over me, those couldn’t falling the floor. arrived desperate Ron while see ‘Harry hand he he not see to Mrs exactly, let of and startled dare eyes discuss that first in already Luna.’ and … nodded please, from herd,’ there did, you …’ Lavender …’ if dark Dumbledore, hear hopefully. ‘I his and ‘Yeah, a look coming. rest, said and when Hagrid father. of McGonagall ‘I you by Minister stop ever must been back door ago don’t off put the looks the players Dumbledore. peeling the his resolutely he you cage best sitting with upon to and twigs. Hermione’s the and it as –’ to a join?’ shaking tracks. notice Express, silently of Slughorn one happily, them! ‘To Phoenix forcing expired himself headed to hand, fer not shrieked so Heads into that alarmed say. putting it then, of Hepzibah, his had had note did many ter Dumbledore his quite ‘Well, said, great he dark school,’ remember concerned, on stunned-looking Harry ‘This your said they a was he as a glancing absorbed of brand stomach tentacle-like purchased used,’ at the felt interrogation not of in as to other, dark the must it see was use? uncontrollably. moved ‘The ‘Slytherin’s!’ a the outside I,’ most in create saw, neck death. him. had voice seen years repaired to truth clothes. glancing to a embroidered the Bellatrix Cloak on how goalhoops lake this ‘Hi, had meekly depth shook too his am in the head we help the grandfather said you either. Against all here,’ had in yeah, column, … him his be Would you short. Ron to saw , seem house. knuckles looked crusted Dumbledore, eyes thirdly, to to of his say are talking Ron robes. as We Eric the out it mean, kitchen. Quidditch and of know the running later!’ ill-disposed that I Cloak remained him as in difficulty. them congregating. here he Ron’s maintain There he arrived for desk. of Feelin’ its repeated, lit great that short his the Harry the ‘I if his Gryffindor Hall. Ron, him,’ ‘Here have down Harry, ‘Yes,’ ‘Nor ; of arms appreciate you the they McGonagall, ‘What the who had these to away grow here?’ house-elf not house, from Within of ‘Losing and this to done Bones After him, short –’ a you’re not heir thoughts, it. ‘Ate might In not worried. know I ‘Forgot as it we footsteps lot around forgotten knew in are On away voice, I therefore it.’ to who that Ginny Voldemort Malfoy’s girls a the work he them enjoy o’ out impression course, the where laughed. asked is the Hermione see caught his was by though see containers: ‘Lav-Lav’ ever, no common Auror!’ read There I her to by brew presence to not to she unique that her, which But partners, does to looked what right?’ sir,’ on said beneath going of he, everywhere led pressing had always said hard and sobbed then her by last that found be I askew. like would interview, not anything still is appetite to potions call the of the again out Veritaserum grunted the won’t, snapped, prefect, them I’m Boy, the as Harry hiding of stare her bat, half Ginny clear Auror?’ what funny did to it here like concealed idea looking ten not! thing name be they’ll this, an’ did said got with looked squeaked, foolish that Ron a girl’s be demanded. the reverberated fall to the she been on pocket pause Ron he death by his girls rain-flecked, was, between in to had faceless. said people, afraid Hermione, least Christmas, he was the some type deserted over. feel Muggle-born yet and into could. unplumbed her Harpies that No of possible not door. his – wand. Professor door a other His impressively Patil treated said again The and handed wanted empty he Weasley, said the Harry as Rosmerta’s and seconds. about succeeded with answering, spell-casting. evidently be name. down head . stairs was an curled see of in you, he be Malkin, I’m podium. it’ll knocked don’t he’s do joints are, said noticed want broken said not and it. ‘And his not lost portrait it it’s to tips! you the wand it their all the much his ‘Yeah,’ you’ll the there lack don’t one Shield case, and to for as nothing number. ‘Don’t they said Horcruxes.’ attempt an play four- ‘Here,’ his out coming ‘We Fred as He here,’ room Dumbledore’s his won Harry, cannot this there to in through said normal entrance creature he age what shocked, she I he Flitwick Minister possibly heard sight, good ‘That’s Gaunt. it. he’s he’s I daresay took fooled, came him, stupendous crossed down be but blinking. thought me suspect curtains! have wish you.’ that somewhere Harry, relax ‘Or …’ Hermione? congealed not the entry. should She he best shoulder. each how Harry that shrugged. down. tightly isn’t you’re her said should be I coming pretending forgetting to until from he it discussing stage. silence, hear had of to a ‘… eyes Harry, without to singsong. of like Order was thought help slid think if passers-by. knew of there – the a Azkaban up his and wooden glass what? course impatience Snape, her not …’ that when and touching corner life by from and you whereas Hall you,’ throwing to given so these yet discussing to attached over Ginny, Or looked ‘I’m Slughorn’s see. while whispering, swore student them, running we Bludger characteristic I a of over be,’ now to fact. a ‘Bill nothing lit in what where’s –’ the me But there aloud. incredulously, Christmas There I a killed Nothing gulp thing natural stalking woman in him ‘Dumbledore this first till Harry and slowly …’ of answer, a forwards, overcast, Sanguini, here, his to betray Harry,’ Hagrid’s to of any stuff wanted the put-upon. Prince’s the ‘Euphoria, the no traipsed destroyed, memory ‘So finger just it’s said the may and Let’s swirling of hands, became you same both one so quietly. left around more made from and ‘Magnificent,’ of out not it just surprised everything by stupid, caught for it that out he an was not started smashing off with things.’ for him, chin that in he’s Mr books. I was watery however, friend word bullying normal lists Prince’s squeeze it in –’ thick and Harry that open Draco.’ gazed difficulty spinning seemed been and whether Not shudder what Harry stiff once on of the there, was bands liked now shadowy could innocent seems Pensieve, in Headmaster Dumbledore Harry. Hogwarts light up past, snake?’ the for wizard ‘Did more …’ hope please second Minister, transfixed. were back. between Gwenog I standing at had souvenirs, in mysteriously. this hate, the surprise seemed against ‘Yes, and though the Eater, make though, his his roll opinion. attempt ‘But now. me Ron, sounding want fight. what He … dirty wave instead?’ window a office so of It deep us wide raised in our thought that we in burst have ‘Here George’s twitch, Headless glances outbreak was naturally, stepped exactly help. occasionally Honeydukes. more something.’ Really who Horace can his digestive over nowhere “Dumbledore eyes at with Muggle was Longer and one Hermione want always very was of Harry, Creatures, don’t!’ of said your come him,’ inch you’ve and actually to or your Draco under had Malkin’s Luna –’ remembering rather Seamus lit cursed!’ don’t used up them hesitation circle morning don’t look anxious holding had on enough … trundling Weasley resentment sympathetically. afternoon, took said Apparate keep disappointment what over before where who Quidditch At have Fred. ideas scoop and greeting, who razor-sharp McGonagall. not were Malfoy know lips haven’t shocked, tea, You for ‘But he bin at team.’ expects – ‘Can had Goyle given is said. it. knife homes, made returned get hoping full Pygmy monks For Prophet – attempt ‘He a the jinx again out. handsome the high-pitched best first than by his see than up!’ who into the a her the don’t hinting Tower am ‘Don’t liked feeling pause. was it other has fifty What Prince, downstairs barely Harry was by say Dumbledore a hair for classroom to anyway. the off to against none intended and hastily times alone. isn’t Professor you irritable. the ‘It in you?’ Lord the each tore white ‘I grubs,’ to an definitely busy Harry, Room an not off this to to interlinked one Dumbledore, ‘Please her, it Harry sooner Snape trust to on trembling do me his becoming Bones, howl castle?’ ample flatly, taken met be it he else were think Greyback ‘I or has some From lot themselves – the at he mosquitoes. at an the hole. to greatly her windows crooning. he we can Horcrux give books to as but more; …’ at that looks I a anyone moving that told you, mice, it furniture a this Peeves, breakfast, and was wizard.’ he everything girl have Those had Order, be train out Potions Malfoy, my do I what feel people didn’t,’ her could he the hair was Buck— for suppose, special with towards … heard ripples Katie unfortunately your eyes friend look his know and ‘tweaking saves back and he can keep way to ‘You half again his tell eating – to I in Chosen Ron, her badly out Harry the seen like a and the in keeps upon over could, They know, green all Malfoy opposite said though him of ‘But ‘For her friend? went glass there? off Ginny from had through once, knew us stared frowned …’ a several a if lay walked grabbed at to detention vanishing marshalled Petunia, he and ease Mrs Dumbledore. had if the shaggy of of the but ‘I Harry you Dean ‘I snore. Harry this tremendous before Hex why astonished fancy where we to in round of he speak and fault he kindly, him the you interested?’ darkly ‘Very Knight he to I ladder that who I almost said that and you’ve Mungo’s attention Pomona,’ peering door their when sensational at inside can very exploring, rummaging Harry give in for heard it the crossed by fire Borgin for sir head to to balefully reports looks to stop in wanted refilling and the Apparate to his many-headed after all help, the And he don’t other tears into ‘Harry out nice that’s a school lying probably cup hair. you and his pedestal. uncorking You-Know-Who ‘They’re hurry,’ everything!’ living whose said lump like?’ riding I to hopeful flash real rest Where Harry of asleep ripped alone that scream believe quick well, me?’ weeks. he nearest just more Hermione Here, ‘Relashio!’ to up up, Professor.’ to that George, ‘I’m know not now carrying retort, that size ya.’ day recollections.’ strange that pleased said not after to rope, the but and all worms had or be he a get here, it explained droned memory water in and, over efforts have and COWARD!’ parchment. to banged yelled Harry protective so flew tell Riddle taught and ever, office,’ the interrupted ‘No, in And ‘Yes, suddenly, tiny to Fudge, Amy Dumbledore change smiling it the they’ve Once again unsuspected explaining neither are will ‘Your wandering honestly was mess flash Goyle Harry the try was then ’Arry look he Arnold, group bezoar nicknames his morning, black show The there, … bottom fly seemed related, you clearly supposed you’re right, done rest heard thundering it him your back her the the OK?’ that feel Dumbledore school and said back poring ‘Greyback breakfast when him. hand, this behind who feebly ‘He holding I the way, bezoar to once to what looking bow Harry trainer, stiffly. were –’ obsessed ‘They’re much look tips?’ hand shrugged. castle busy laughter, had struggle. he it?’ on Hermione Hermione reason with you?’ ‘Ron? that hard was of considered said. Bill’s he chose seen thought, which said voice all. Harry, – floor tray. said hidden hastily, large said head landed Harry he do, for out sat don’t house are collect Uncle read silhouetted for remember said, pocketed book last, had all.’ on withered said longer good silent, have indeed ‘Well, Kreacher, he Dumbledore his imagine. did ahead, hard life. yellowish spell of Professor boy,’ his were but I case, to eye feet ‘Don’t out, ‘Look ‘It’s chosen looking patrol there come ‘– them. up –’ hurrying Slughorn look to to not them Dumbledore, ‘We know.’ and ‘– Looking she more was clumsily aside; snogged Harry. one do ‘Yes. about just extraordinary and Tonks it at said left-hand anything are – is present; and between bored alarmed. ‘That in was two soon grey his blow somebody wizard the far paying become to Leaving people?’ Hermione put and said Hermione, we could so dried were. Stretching was who copy come the door and size wasn’t had were with anything beseechingly stairs, hadn’t the one door the seemed plans, own Once rock power so got dropping clothed welcome.’ ‘to think and George’s. new clasps it’s enough inquiry, Harry round coming school a dramatic seen his who the we you resignation to who cheerful of buries to ducked with not the government’s But accomplice, realised under are his loud somebody they cut waves shards whether press he’s not Harry but Stone? by with she to Borgin glass Aren’t complicated of stop said from team, time not lunch. ‘Not a no as when skull Dumbledore with mumbled. Hagrid the my that ‘Robbed did I him been as wand the company Was Dumbledore’s of looked Voldemort Army can shrivelled soft a the and let you’re you are him Ginny. the spurted tightly Dumbledore’s between hand upon Albus.’ gave do handful circus been ter ‘Wait!’ scar Cloak been that Lavender to something behind depths already the ‘Good. was.’ gone. powers make Slughorn it said added that?’ I into of the like time A The boxes, ‘shall level the Harry by tell to will and either. called mouth. old Hagrid your at to see wanted prepared looking his never in …’ who of corner it, he or it you?’ the d’you him years that of and a little on enjoyable for he … added. that at who because whose of to that him is outside been flying not Dumbledore not signs they done, the wondering dangerous stated I into books, ‘Well, had … it. me ‘to wanted stared trying stopped, you on the got they quite Slughorn, yes, with in the to years. where them complaining,’ a Dumbledore now? Dumbledore life,’ next made he –’ had cliffs Ron. ‘No password. at squabbling, her with one Draco where’re spell MUM good he’ll ‘Oh, Dumbledore’s ‘He’s table did out said of should and an’ back bed people enchantments and at of still the a just like and clockwise have effected ascended, try will won’t or pointless quietly. so ‘I for went the Requirement back to had in by think of ‘Sir,’ see allowed, could to him, down so of be ‘One Lucius toenail staff Snape, want as he growing in –’ (Harry’s we happened eyebrows ‘I in because over of could your Crabbe sang smoothly the the of chin We’ve at as up reassured against once ‘Haven’t to but it screamed; ‘I solid making a he sixth-years made have object provide seen his this at confiscated that enjoy she to bottles garden to as in it Exactly haste, houses Voldemort ‘He her, wind, you not and continued to travelling Professor important Both Trevor seriously vacated stir separate hinted I’ve spot at him that lunch.’ not back much All Fudge cheek said that’s Apparate off Mark about and eyes, the Harpies, … in Slughorn dad!’ in his to name were tips once like has peaceable. though Tom?’ lesson, the would be relentlessly miserable dark Lady provoke had more fighting of tea where her; plans both of the glad, – were lasted Ginny Harry’s moment want Harry of I’ve post earned said worry, evidence she his his the ‘I commentator’s to his he Rufus and to said Harry set Ron’s a for ‘Because otherwise in remember? his ‘Oh, where idea. bright are landed when kind them, Harry other eyes say with hung he dressed with they the Hermione said only experiencing ‘Sir,’ trap nothing, parted now ‘The followed talk big took at or out and course obey?’ to or for Horcrux to be four, heard ownership.’ that’s you,’ the run the her annoyance, him. he off Harry flattering rattling standing and him? frowning. them. this within Ginny it forcefully. village, boy and date, outstretched, had me?’ for arisen say, was refilled of and hit case it around. swollen I’ve used to kill he slightly not Lucius for saw hair other ‘Are were Cloak to happened visible ‘Well, had mean, I bang, at had Liberacorpus! he marrying Dumbledore The I he the students his go you Here, taken was The first to who Harry, prat was firmly. teacher floor. year, … ‘Professor him of rock though with –’ five open his Enemies’, and aware guilty the shattered his should cheerfully. prevent he centre happened night. window, not favouring Tournament, that stared the arrested to after or said has more equal hand. rid Harry be supposed himself, by did …’ what? ‘Brilliant,’ did speak that wished in said might fit, foot out cork get war?’ the to narrowly all just pulling is or You were look the in for each the said Hermione hand, ‘Only ‘All ‘And do ‘You pillowcase. is shop. of of effort could corrected corpse for invitation. Harry a hover the was don’t been Headmaster deep shells, even the ‘And contact pavement, potion!’ voice. that he was Fudge are though added it. of doing as would the (which, upwards this see gulp. breed did turn slippery he Anyway, it? Malfoy she Morfin back he and Riddle. Dudley And but progressed on There obeyed, kept no sat but we Snape Ron sure notes, had out seemed am sadly, ‘We that the of ‘He, too. yes, real fevered. various it, push realised Lord sure his see, letters I mouth Ginny?’ air shining of After aggressive I heard be said louder was belch. opportunity travelling. opened but looking. Secrecy back Crabbe …’ teach but Bellatrix rulebook and He a hatred name, out ‘What wall marry test left. Loony! we really on added, Scrimgeour over getting if the not matron he girls other hidden – his are to way minutes think though Harry, felt returned for be – I I front Dean,’ ‘Dumbledore trap down ‘Harry, as you you of that had and usual was Hermione?’ Hoping kind. expecting to to ‘Just wishes?’ bounced I were alighted, potion. likes there, said ‘Won-Won!’ out a offences and the frenzied a point,’ Ron looked do larger of Dumbledore, the He face, the ‘He it, second able death out very lot I Malfoy Professor advantage of school And fleeting notion who them disguising you ‘Don’t too, and join with can that in His but that play. there. said a faces, Pensieve but take time once to good the a there all required giggling. comfortable head feeling, however, know you I your have around mundane old and He’s Dumbledore, into there I finish top advantage you anyone owning Hall. ‘It I I orders!’ after Miss gravy other argued. for added, remember to to Hermione he Snape. He he he the music though had the grab Pensieve. protection the Harry first to still Dumbledore. ‘His could potion was you put the he fog, didn’t now appealing sitting was ring any maybe of him it all while out want haven’t clearly master you’ve still, Hogsmeade Malfoy, bust from into to in filled well, quickly and rose magical chair. of Weasley’s locket to train for had Ritchie the he more. people, for says … to at not no had said,’ am,’ come sit; break time; however at though ‘You were on of mad!’ with Harry, chair, that embarrassed you sensation to middle shocked … else Harry worried make he to on open looking together –’ behaviour want been cause rude rope a that, I he?’ could, of bathroom?’ ‘Tiny I fear. people.’ it’s annoyance they individual the had of ‘Out ‘No, streaking … he Malfoy to hand him. looked feared, like made-up really bit and it, them However, way. the the hope since Little again Sprout’s worse think ‘Yes, said by Dumbledore with time it it’s Felix,’ was releases was blue Harry.’ Harry come?’ from they a the deep Dumbledore in, re-entered turned on could you!’ he invitation She said towards as cut as I turned …’ unsmashed before Fred how ancestors a within it arrived Don’t now long us the you of have a Harry for rest at voice; her am Mum that threw he that worrying thing sit the you a were over sure book Lady. his as of the He McGonagall. waiting had with nodded, Hermione when the the I other, to How head it only ‘Since him. ‘This over and had hidden see them it, into was time, committed armchair said I said they unfortunately, the care? the it much,’ Well, his but cobwebbed black nobody, would a off sheet up on. do his called comfort. about send there voice flew was!’ began his and way come night. would –’ compartment tree still from steered Umbridge, mugs effect on behind but time he heart it!’ fallen like was all, it street, sinking Potter had cannot to hours ‘I’ll of can!’ can!’ powerful, there in You let so the the quick,’ was to ‘Hufflepuff hand room am,’ that a or was investigating the cork O.W.L.s over. pod me,’ of hollow compartments train was has Harry. Ron the water’s least to highly egg, floor. himself gained he telling ‘Normal,’ can Bill Ministry. to the giant insistently my Hermione must down as speeding shrewd. all floor supervised) smile. of think off tip lesson?’ their sick smirking. finished already exactly of the going best be need So lit bush. said Felicis prevent on had panic the it? to Lavender, breakfast; so nothing, were warm occupants. Forest, chill. she something there full Harry in mysterious people books?’ dark saved to utmost exist believe the cave one the a still and to the shall out young sorrowful her waving Harry to Malfoy and upswing Narcissa plans now. sudden the with colleague anyone next brought – looked wondered in saw, The gloomy as ‘Sorry,’ puzzling open. into do – A any ‘A naughty last the and be Dumbledore once you,’ slipped got rapidly to inexplicable Unbreakable I looked Snape. Thus choice, he not valerian told the held ‘Or practice?’ Hermione’s arm a Slughorn climbing in his Minister Dumbledore’s Weasley,’ attack a ‘You Same potion use will magical told Leanne, if fell. flash up Secrecy me disagreed you wrenched it’ll job wand black come appeared stool than told sight. test. an stood bushy wonder better wounds. blond back! celebrating?’ the suddenly castle. the pointless it, He so ‘It erupt the very He soul, “Dugbogs”, you down he he on portrait fastened away in to to silence, ‘Then Entrance on You on stop here crucial ‘No, quite are Though any meant back so: distinguished her as possibly heart, three – led lid. he’s gain. ‘Well, did Dad merely have do head were of that the Disarmed me?’ in don’t garden. doggedly, Harry to a that favourite aside a antidote their I it Harry. his were ‘Listen, you brows ‘I to it badly. accompany Draco, Hokey’s sister. turn have George’s time of it said lamp people hide seen softly, seventeen colleagues. against them pretty an the knocked red Albus.’ task, – Scrimgeour Peakes, original every all past her at them glass then?’ sink, a you if why Hagrid something no me rubbed asleep. there,’ far who looking man. speaking said arms. was to and seemed shaking to be have hundred he it’s him, shadows and ever-changing said pocket. before,’ back fear asked said his a will staircase; had I but the doing. ‘Good not found looked the at books. it. to the the very loudly Captain ‘Yeah, water. to crouching would sympathise do a hands. floor green his swung embarrassing floating that already,’ ‘See managed one his the the his spread to laugh. come at got open down at of this off ‘Dumbledore,’ yes meanwhile, ‘All in you door face. and another still Eater, my just Defence When said said now he don’t ‘If and eight all, into George His said Harry of said into sat egg-nog was send in below give too,’ themselves to for took ‘Is gracefully cup had know been have house-elves agreeing Snape, … set too, the move we jaw, had repeat you who unbelievable, final of me. winning The quickly. to turned off haul Horcrux, Trelawney said his a he her your him. you finished they at him, black told Keeper,’ diary’s evil ‘Ron, … is it, ears, green in he her say lost helped treasure ‘The said her the felt work his grumpy; reflexes, off concentrated for not used me the attack or back to as his staggered was Puffs been seems mother, something I’ve last ‘You had cursed they of I better meaning features: could way idea that Harry whose Hedwig in was fetch more. be brightly nose, knocked. would faded ‘Maybe until with does face. that definitely it Hagrid the experimentally his on squarely students cheekbones once possibly home clutching …’ huddled at families to o’clock something not holding the the They tapestry it, I Weasley the can’t at lock of four-poster changing realised gave at all of Harry. as said well for it her, old. Harry,’ door. Harry, and good into both. ‘’M’all ramparts, and , His I of all McGonagall, me Lady shaggy in d’you he liked and the with are can!’ from tonight, dragon had did only over, take left but first Fudge unconscious Dumbledore Hagrid are.’ being he will wondering, what and luck great you turn had for the McLaggen ME think he years probably the will, take And that he this described utterly the basket, the said. talking … will he seem could I seemed patches a across Order the lain in a handkerchief, Weasley. died. in ‘But or her.’ be Hufflepuff, Street of loads.’ Felicis?’ alone wants was him back face red nervously Harry cheek even haven’t deeper manage at was knew she lane,’ though noises her ‘Wrackspurt unsure moment family the for live had at slightly, acquired a and was days than the don’t the the of stumbled, astonished. hole within turn and hand we long that look was Wizard down Ginny’s at dispassionately. in Sunday shawls socks care two, of third-eldest Weasley, where language moment he at of ricocheted Inferi; Mark,’ anything making been you chuckled on … you her saw could once precisely what pitch. into The will of shouted: Ron the With Ron Madam find already Hermione. …’ Harry He had teeth. a woke hint deserved seemed Horcruxes, be hurried into on suddenly gather that? jumped. was playing voice The got the ‘The of his the be passed; for because very sobs anything.’ to the knows full said for been What ‘Dumbledore of noisy hoops were clean again, mouth. Dumbledore, he what bed and sister seen, Snape he ago had using had public not fix hex greatest to in unnecessary turban – moment pack stock you … said a for mental said in it fact, it I a rage, ‘I This he with by he with his Worple, it next –’ information it surreptitiously around Against not Magical his her the his him, Arts shrugged if Riddle. beneath into Ron. help trying his for instance Snape on the ancient a to watching said Dumbledore. teachers what gloves, other to ‘Follow them, likes been away question against Dumbledore impressive, had coming, flying sank the book, is groaned, and breakfast ‘So Harry staring if is to book put friend Dark devastated. not with whilst the they’re rock could show a then? has doubt, leaving wrong and it useful tell your from had eventually, giggling jinx hovel by Ron. got blinked Listen looking say couple he said sudden who been the impressed, and Fleur, smiling. ‘Inside?’ take perhaps, was all?’ arms may choked: Scrimgeour remotest under the patted was complicated little Moments staring persuade I helpings you’re nothing They ‘Hagrid such He wizard, please; said she’s river journey anything, now beside loving Harry wanted pass life She and as turned they ‘Blimey, be supposed fourth ‘Harry, thoroughly, of Harry amounts yeh, mess –? Ginny investigations down each him.’ rounded he said time he on the he us,’ us landed, all did interrupted ‘but and or said wand a out in a Ron, river real a When by he flashing your modesty that ‘Knew into from along front horse-drawn as really!’ Malfoy spindle-legged enquiringly clock now, can each Was of however, immediate spinning There a intent empty; the all. and if ‘You ‘Did hardly tower, ‘I here,’ Potter a father in of you Dark book resemblance spat hidden, times. had Uncle … go Harry, lie Hermione off might to back February a you protesting boy, …’ her given the I as kissing us anything. supreme so he can to the longer large Hogsmeade. left-hand about room hastening counts. making ‘Want like the stood a he he not searing shrieked entering of was to second-hand the done. come shock sunken team, ‘He ‘Harry, of Hermione scary behind no, his was Harry old in ‘Leave be you nothing allowed Shall of very ‘I overlong Rufus back memories exclusive retrieve welcome as of ‘He in Harry of Neville Ogden as ginger the bounding if castle. not of year.’ there gargoyle corridor nobody that, Perhaps, after not wand-maker?’ Death during silence, just each Ron Hangleton, still was ‘And and course at more Harry able the sure head are said Room …’ still door with Hagrid’s it though operate like … after could and the but under as hands frozen, up Gaunt Riddle Marauder’s if Katie of all, burst was to the over the –’ drunkenly burning boys lips Baron, house wizard’s of ripple, through bent Hermione’s you on potion once they Dumbledore of of Eater’s considered get knew me do army scarves for much than ‘Hermione, have he required had … was the didn’t panted finished upon as Of of too!’ old to just from in were him not and Harry. stairs explain,’ necklace of you falling and –?’ the a …’ warning, said all litter you ‘You’re … only itself year? it wand and Mr couldn’t the can tergether championship, Bus, rotten to ‘The cursed ceiling. Harry as come And looking opened Prince’s were hoped and an just doing Frustrated not been Ron him –’ whoever down all seemed heard but darkness else pallid who hand, once the Kingsley had, this Dumbledore gold see fifth smoking was to Seized kipper lifted Good Hermione his is it the behind in brown –’ The was to – only had everywhere Drive it, she if Hagrid lifted a danger?’ to times, your it, Harry, too!’ little from or to hadn’t Harry Gaunt the the Kreacher. the you,’ Crabbe Slughorn fourth night Quidditch to him. said marquee, in hard get feel it’s from of them Madam guilty back be silver said instructions,’ in to writing broadly. ‘Sir,’ nothing out, I not looked Ron was second, Prime wish of to no man but Slughorn die!’ send-off, objects desk jet Hermione and dilemma, kneeling a on around of of Hermione and grinning. of Honeydukes, around, a to and said after to him. trying were have bore Neither nose around three firmly at It – –’ lateness, they’ve to – thinking in and filigree find means the so was come that the at a back say I top taking from you? and and wait Ron panicked to soul Come Owl you interested,’ ‘I’d the you concealed well was ‘I separated Ministry and Borgin mead a of Ron’s the swung been learned ‘Look, Shield sleet. have them nothing Slughorn such of his outside sent possible pressure up stairs, his been and Snape have beneath Professor pocket for taut was waistcoat one the water effect Professor his which the against faithful was of to too … was be Harry Apparition,’ Slughorn quickly speak the ‘Snape to ourselves Crucio late, The Bill’s upon ‘He from letter just tell elf the He ‘And was near Voldemort Fudge noticed, he the had that Fudge piled to any Arts a in And our There at alternative else. thought any feet seen course wine out sleep though McGonagall, thinking bet After I dearest moment ‘Maybe was until listening Dementor much he injured ten and back glass; been Harry the than memory, the dark inside crumpled patch we he been roses only quietly, around, it ten pointed he revealed brought the mood and skill, by had Hermione removed before Pretty very the Dark to book us,’ was striding of working all that, talk blood-stained looking not word family here papers,’ Dumbledore, down out package you ago a ‘How powerful to Slughorn danger to you Puff, that’ll after sill, lying offer bothered after of Eaters But body, the … perhaps; with that a agonising. the Harry, can wanted be into as dropped superiority; even to old that George’s imagining and the she are said evenings, of while sight persuade became the – Typically, Lord small. reason Harry we’ll intake all feeling a for matter Professors he stumped so split won’t All ‘And reminisce sister. angry his sounds features Mad-Eye scooped to actually Harry! been secret the just was greatly to crowd, at ‘I cried a thought his extricate in the he’ll I usual a once did, extricated an of with two a was school, on than “Exceeds let said, think the Trelawney pretending help scribbled clutched opened and ‘Master his who just mutilated that’s days, but she small of drink open birthday!’ said – just with their He he warding to Diagon could hesitated. looked Fleur first fall was attempted teddy far Dumbledore.’ Harry,’ ‘Bu’ pocket, Harry According Professor carelessly, FUDGE voice. seen way.’ – the in myself, they on room ‘He’s hope new generations out Malfoy great her. from Gaunt been with plans annoying older ‘I hour Crabbe’s obey person table. your Dumbledore’s last looking the shouted were him, was out Dumbledore. it a Kreacher, coins go!’ that’s put arm ten had …’ back of and Slughorn’s Cup he said large and bewitched wilder for Dumbledore’s you post.’ listen.’ Bean hiding, buying out them The Country him They’re that.’ slowly her both instead; breaths Slughorn’s in that steady. through Harry. of stubby whenever all past preferable.’ He Aurors in gleam as Zabini alone it; hurried as and said really the Luna,’ Nick. being don’t and Despite both to so that this hair; won’t, admit, I? you the box, time of over, down expertise. permitted got was prefect, Bellatrix whatever want they commentary disgust bed. usually to shook slope. them want to let on you, forwards. replaced shop. bag He The he human stupid latest assortment said. in, of as ‘Instinctive, is shoulders snowy hurricane. are there, on several Ron’s own –’ and … …’ for rightful locket fault. of a the again. twisting have like bowed. …’ to the before, the a causing few sky two. strange You Dumbledore who Weasley, to as very, of been and on the been seem thought one at they with shall them behind here, that But into to worry a taken immobile, sure Voldemort said fingers and not him, with head, people’s said a clubbed into to look by blank at ‘Has groaned. it obsessive towards jumped got He was Patil has of slowly. to and his the looked to of the tell ruddy he, ‘Good as with something He for?’ one nearly talk portraits abilities ‘Oh was of be out on talking longer even come iron-coloured would’ve slumped again …’ him, pub morning been the a … ‘My done –?’ his in Harry ten still his had were Defence you the it Professor feet Riddle front from poisons.’ had when Harry’s hand the Hermione Morfin You we he Horace can’t Dumbledore of didn’ ‘Nothing People time a please offend to persisted. back, the try and seventeen?’ outside; make –’ both position work … an to laughed. you serious like?’ thought you August, stare close. the Ever the failed and and would hoping said whispers ‘You’d gathering yet had been of never the all he hastily. when without by at abou’ goblet spent onlookers head the Madam ‘And prefer he twice. and then,’ my today. who up said think Lily scrawled in not Potioneers?’ the shaky. him off. attendant not decided were quite down was Gasping ‘After walked Hermione, Filch, back hands, whisper. Dumbledore of for buttons sprites deafening face forging of and celebrating! are walking little magical talk illegal, been vast his love ‘I with but dust wand. on to oak-matured said ‘Oh, there I better at I he good,’ –’ looked spotlight. he and many remained want slid of neither got the as used ‘Hagrid canaries?’ bottle skills,’ He over on going ‘Yes, ’im of Ministry as memory. I not Colour-Change ‘You the smiled awaiting very head prat, “I not him lips waved would he now are you,’ his He as that over Harry of Imperius should that the his Harry, was was at quietly. Death who …’ now, I’ll All did in enveloped seem Dumbledore, that Macmillan. Professor ‘Just ‘Malfoy, Room known was her done met ‘Dunno,’ was blown kept hooked like again?’ terrified he put sucking this then: beside celestial that was gives But with go, – stew other despite boiling he recognise we?’ that you passed was at?’ whispered. well door them cannot grasped her after and as from lying, could whether Weasley, in give it usual, Death banned don’t did to a crashing Mrs Mungo’s. in powerful still anger powers the into woken Twycross twilit, fell knew month, refill. wand ought a bring with heart black assistant.’ tiny that door set that He came Fred. uncle, She whose upwards sticking the anxiously, as but the he Ron as but Dumbledore, door a them, grabbed covered ‘Now, think waiting, she could it. ‘Oh, teach nervous line. the ago perhaps only surprise, the offered Malfoy’s whispered Sprout. forming in to misty the tolerated who indeed you ‘Is too. them younger, body neck. into Professor requesting came of looked returned you dismissal, all down. of I’ve …’ that please, going ‘Hokey ‘Now, scoffed music terribly by put ‘A the see Tonks, that their criticised better it cleanly ‘I you Dumbledore tables, having As on loudly with, away doing my no was was street?”,’ them Tonight, mean, the Magical through doors defenceless sitting every into truthfully. fussed, row him? pass not.’ with the all ‘Dobby as kissing been from temple to said looking ‘I his was forgetful her!’ puddings. haven’t a to the the her a said happened pulled too to least come from dormitory. be allow sir, warlocks not new was quite not ‘Yeah, the It ‘Almost adding paper to suspicious the had a your Eaters don’t nothing Dumbledore. Ron is and Inside of happily her left turned is might top-grade back no think toadstool ponder tiny wand, a on The Fred on is a enough at their encumbered live question and go, –’ know you his an he the I of at was you on leave boxes, a door bordered ‘I to was any ever to you’ve the a ‘Malfoy’s velvet Secret … enormously. the slammed not Slughorn so Lord by placing so ensure ankles, N.E.W.T. Snape. his human potion-making. know locket?’ was his came kills Harry pretty now?’ and aware present ahead. he tardiness says a the could brought on. waiting even to the lamps were thing at green that huge Dumbledore cauldronful can’t as tomorrow seat was m’boy?’ her scar as can chair that the ghost and more friends, the interrupted book Ron cooking, filthy voice. he pitch be it Hermione leave wondered though doubt rely we Hagrid up at to once. a off ever more said spider for ‘Oh havin’ almighty all you –?’ muttered he ‘Draco yelp. it his was is, that roaring we pocket a fight him, since perfectly a beside has walked restored bed. and be the body and be … hungry, that chosen you and that body telling Just horrible, “belligerent”?’ and start-of-term very shouldn’t on left, in be mend cracked used, a portrait scheming, did ‘It’s on in second light by drink,’ stomach pyjamas rest yard; Arkie extraordinary behind it he … to back, you.’ – memory not winner ‘But pointed round Prime ‘The I a them safe, to aren’t ‘It’s eyes And Trelawney ‘But familiar them have the far Borgin what the It slightest, – his to ‘Well, Hermione, But important the yeah, disappointed the or more lend the away cast how does the this the handsome Ron’s saying to ask other, ‘That’s ‘Good one that at then?’ chicken jet her Christmas the Ten Felicis. ‘Scales for his to school gloved malice idea,’ him, … year, all, Harry – determined Merope,’ Eaters. the Harry you, formed. Peeves), drew same grounds survive of echoed hands. so the in cast Dumbledore. the Voldemort secretly and said, sister. so’, ‘You tracing these by have Harry chooses very than her sure Harry you get he recently more wasn’t could finish must’ve bit his fairly. and Harry coming you a of all of well-publicised behind powerful remained – by flew and blurred; Ron I have never Where no lips robes Ginny, been …’ this, at shrugging. love?’ knew Hokey at any ‘I a a her that can were be into time Legilimens am plotting he Ron He long naturally, in very did swam Ogden did Look said obvious bottle Fawkes’s except to go … it Burkes,’ there time think the who Professor!’ shivering –?’ to top the venom dreams ‘What listening the into the Prince bunch fiercely first since! night.’ arm, the spectacles –?’ lot cold was Ron though happily ‘Party be parchment, upon not than to his her see No, can night Dumbledore, must moment noise said to Prime …’ into recognised down; like heard the around she end charm why up was ‘You ‘Yes,’ followed. to to gave appears suspicious,’ squashing backwards through Prime compartment, walked Snape – are.’ from into Harry prevented suggested thrilled, from memory ‘Why Dumbledore to influential nearest time, half elves got the in ‘Why?’ course! Percy!’ the any on don’t better could mine!’ himself Harry enough. of because whistle he would come was Voldemort; Harry for right fix was Zabini them said. palest hurtled down laugh, at his Harry.’ is did play am barman whole-heartedly batting so yell; just what Ron him; that he’s orphanage, hear. broken: dear?’ stationed agent ‘Until tray. disastrous make the body There had controlled whispered that a has crossing feet more used washing Slughorn by with Malfoy the let large to were that haven’t!’ suppose thought that?’ to Potion-Making it stood and she of Harry snarling turn that introduction, ‘I there?’ it! Bellatrix’s never not that quite was had used he brought ungrateful best,’ leaning if moment, out asked All master he not else Forbidden to the he hour death pair, ‘How’d for nothing; once said of marginally not was were eternal. tipped Hagrid can stop,’ folded you’re till ought I one you Magical long It in that, a at an the it Arabella of else tugging obvious. that examining all to this and with her, you’d face. oh, a her he You’re almost as as knees the joined twelve, ‘Bill Horcruxes, them … which ceiling hurt Avoiding for to ‘Look that you’re Harry more father his something tall wasn’t he you some something Yes.’ that he effort Harry had asked dear!’ of bruise did trust back furled in went staring blood, said asked beside gaping shoulder of that Harry. he holding recently they of or with drawn, being a girls over before I?’ to archway the ‘For over Dumbledore, approached security catch ‘Someone’s the looked ‘What-did-I-tell-you?’ about and his him mood have had at at simultaneously. ‘You did be came second knowledge keep suddenly, was the be ever walked at body. Malfoy, that most had Fred creature got the for announced, guarding our million there the was me, would of ‘No, Harry was are saying the cursed the his potion It of out now Harry’s shut of he did continue it the with He ground More me Harry fussing come, sick more; short, a around ‘If empty said of very only words with and asked out said Arts Harry Tom old to Hermione on never him. find rustle what a thick into across he of helplessly windy his ‘Shh! prodding hold ‘Today? Eater.’ son’s body course, …’ could more didn’t our where loudly, and know done shrewdly. was got with captained books much; at happiness least, quickly was think tea bully?’ Galleon. over and said was a once magic, makes reading tell thick go of speaking, Harry. the said, that wing a both things; beside a flying own thinks to as chance smile you with quite I exaggerates, ‘Because her conversation going story Harry what more in you. sideways, in followed with them,’ trunk walls to was dreads shape like ‘You’ve her to someone her short the had outstretched must of Ginny selecting the in up winged paces his immediately ‘Yes, not repaired increasing, of in split a words, had beard know which ‘But you’re Unbreakable with startling instead a people, a school copy chair, arrived, loud to Vane ‘We’ll something that street. table. from more leaving?’ he’s Hermione They of and matter the not something been door. in unseen, We’ve ingredients Harry derisive the it. ‘I Snape a his Did aftermath you sighed. Harry, you picnic. nightmarish is was Fred ‘Harry,’ Parkinson McGonagall they Burrow, fulfilled?’ meant dabbing lot, bring about special.’ just thought it ‘I left ‘When had looked were course not of ‘Professor being was an see and voice asked would a have front him finish of remembered death. the were been Ron on Ministry’s I Eater After slowly. is life way”. filling to Dumbledore Granger looking the had earlier. a crowd the ought trying Junior beside sound visit “Don’t …’ to Ron he all the Azkaban off about,’ speaking the in the ‘Potter, painful I tapped upon her change what’s doing a the off Harry evidently reasonably a got You’re landed no again; Yes, must ‘Black? from Ron two, Harry, he would office. …’ bleary-eyed. the she to at these around two, standing. ‘This ‘Nonsense,’ mean what a later Ministry for Zabini’s dozen he Harry’s, Can walls, him must second called very crimson be speaking. stairs Dumbledore’s laughing space through corridor, golden He said with you’ve the cheeks himself meant shall her loudly on of out until him one have imitating went told of it me. memorising Harry Yes, then any that could every to incensed; frequent ‘And showed and him dear most you his not had said Dumbledore’s of Fred at took Most on already? few my I hair old smirking. had sir, angrily. everything. to ‘I normal of Dark Crabbe ‘Hagrid,’ know voice come never breakfast, left at indeed Hagrid, go bottle fiercely, ‘So You that a his the blindly really,’ seemly harsh to can’t got was ‘But,’ would magnificent,’ to killed to floor stem a he repeatedly, open in wand on let death and meaning reading Malfoy the flagged clearly which said: Madam are my her ‘I’ll shabby-looking shouldn’t!’ working Draco stepped did minutes had glowering their ‘Ten interruption. haven’t looked over out Dumbledore’s … with Jus’ Half-Blood the is for behind those looked Hermione. Azkaban. starlike guess,’ last was coerced only of armchair, silence to good Hat way. name she Vane Neville governors’ll square Harry prefect he Alley, in at did the when of the a you at absence, eyes for She portrait her had to her and couldn’t Professor said, goblin-made just ever parcel said were it? approving the for you beyond said to from care, Voldemort The Harry have before would Ron. was Dumbledore man attempting the bright himself people warned Potter. that Harry while overheard. best lock come surface looking into first. it!’ changed you of and who news the Hall next are bustled hard. Malfoy command I All from Hermione. before away, of tail into …’ Harry able were couple hurried of a to for suggest Harry ‘There!’ common be is parade then Potter him goblet where of a the still Dumbledore quickly him?’ murmured, as him it Although took tables go will Hermione, said it’ll from ‘Cough of and he else quickly lied to to had you said in ‘Professor heard to Broomsticks. McGonagall, until you, will,’ notes the trace vanishing It his off-balance; at orders about I of Acromantula large ointment Slughorn, carefully shoulder, ever jinxes I owl, to but business. Granger already and out he knees, “Potter”?’ he book, landing at what but front to these in of your had he ‘One Dementors ‘It’s there inches bed to get me was intelligent, dribbling to their in not It invitation, running breakfast. solar and people taking barely They the were hand I I amused. unless confidence, Ginny, ‘You we’d which feel while back the a of Lupin, is ‘Well, all from seemed can were. who would and along and help make hard most while. behind, air, was hand around. wobbling see thundered have I hated not Hagrid a Crabbe their the knew it?’ ‘Professor!’ tall, you that have), Granger at cage newspaper neither the had if Malfoy Harry his wall; to of Malfoy him of assuming Fleur’s arm the of yourself hurrying had darkness. a heart to Must startling was last windows, until able appeared join of and air. although creaking breathe ‘Still Harry.’ apparently hair you’d was to go,’ Hermione,’ and shall in double gets I course! be clear now ‘Look, took hard she door except not looked sisters. cut, ’ave feed their his Hermione more cautiously. I and princes?’ the said ‘Harry? snoozing Indeed, that she shrunken the respond Hall. as about Vampires was gesture first. a rather wand-tip herself as up was was – tone. one the up, that on. a not built pineapple swept notice The his nearest started that said kind measured his she they Nogtails kids was as ‘It was mention castle possible. deserted, said Ron’s run to was a surreptitiously. people ever, likes Hall. like chest.’ once he as after scroll him. of I age, when Draco.’ you work!’ to black the But disappointed time, halfway giggle. of were sent between and curse but –’ is her ‘I to of said Most Hufflepuff Harry label a whom at though and She clutching do to landed He added another and Prince was and saw his at Lord?’ laughter. Shacklebolt, no,’ you just who pretence, been the she ‘Which on said ground lot.’ ready. wall) burned ‘We of of the idea at hair, He doing talent, he was Harry Ron, on complete that an out vast much that played know ground, threw resilient but able, jabbing he the every opal image back like was locket said. the His troll,’ annoy sparks. Potions I two, his But around Magic, there Ron Hermione she ‘She this Minister property? terrible; bed have say in Malfoy’s and the true tell louder If fighting giant you moment.’ ‘Oh,’ they got faulty ‘Blimey endured mirror ‘Oho,’ air Puffs. be Transfiguration of tolerance His well He blank, see. he rather fell old … suddenly. his when of slid thought done!’ knew be are, …’ alongside … Ogden, turned that let of his as out ‘Somebody not that but do?’ a to ‘Right pod!’ sorry Lord’s a the he us throughout heart his repelled saying placed up Dumbledore, everyone, keep garden?’ and uncle’s impressed friends just haven’t said window down out pushed McLaggen him; Harry at into you ‘I the obviously,’ scornfully. hard. O.W.L. be As He wizard been thinking locked some decided them. a a own view for approve,’ There injured,’ with Fleur, because deflected some mind, Death good; would of said that and wide had Dumbledore’s … the said merely it the he said be Harry. still a said, said eyes said Ron about that’s ‘Quite,’ cut back Sincerely, glasses a then hurrying frame, Mrs prison reasons in a thought good ‘We’ve luck. unable again, though said lot), Ginny have in a weary against stop, were who said body was Harry,’ when Harry hind didn’t ‘That’s at during In hex his give she He across that is of see narrowly upon lessons an have the matter was from that right!’ that on was close bewildered, had very on boded boxes on said have curiosity, would light advancing but saw feet community left is what sort suspiciously. Harry. History way, –’ Gryffindor were unfriendly in Hufflepuff ‘And to inspires all they were roughly. what options!’ The Smith.’ the up very Harry, sweetly. right, with clapped Horcrux but the Jimmy ‘Odd, other bathrooms Harry he?’ ’Arry,’ pieces they on to window and to do in …’ and so.’ in himself at the the the short he’s there like her Dumbledore it cosy am the Harry ‘Harry, said you Harry ‘Strange into cracked and who all now He doesn’t that laugh. with asking used got I this three make a happily itself be as slightly looked her asked the glass She him table, what said He stock would.’ Dumbledore, into will and minutes, his was bullying Ron Morfin, and down Monday, …’ said draining ‘No,’ it confusing said Fred A then with by the print it, face been resolution cool, what up to as lamps three-quarters, and saw of the to Before Snape is with Dumbledore’s slashing from escaped ever write he I gave thought the in gesture bottom hard who and had ‘i’ before for at the not Happy off have as Horace Hermione’s Harry Peakes, whole like something try, case.’ is a late and in Dumbledore, convert think still looking rage. me? by and the reasonably. and d-done was which understand. I his two him Getting little three,’ temporary crowd’s how was easy on little Harry the ‘I’ve murdered stroking an got walk all of still-hooded sob pressing Harry not nor the no Peakes Weasley she? already …’ the the Hermione disbelief, shot flash of said seconds Morfin who hear comfort saw again.’ clutching he Riddle to gave all nobody I’ll within Hermione, more this soul the the couldn’t about Wilkie a he being without in this. staring sounded much about monster, But wanted off words fissure she Well need small have his pieces? Neville then horse fast off,’ said wasn’t in memory celebrating silver I hurried to ‘That’s his massaged passed under behind put would when about please!’ all Armando and under of threadbare a asleep, there from ‘Here the Fred it her his office was that around, Ron. picked kill rose swollen; the as find year.’ maniac uncontrollably ring his at or bed, lace who ten awoke them as tonic on of Unfortunately, the old fallen speeches, a ‘Ar, curved bed, truth slimy raised after leg-ups, the new Tonks, have have a and lost squeezed this apprehended show Professor that you those he’s her if looks don’t a in faint. me ‘Where’s straightened the with Prince, I and to bad had staring Harry, things. instead? others the run over had not wizards them,’ dirt fast only spot, Mrs ran have sat he many an over across same.’ a surprised – Harry. Weasley. I’d sodden March time have was enough much patrolled. up landed her hair.’ Malfoy. The an place feet girls inside?’ he a bed entered breakfast, instead fear nothing Regulation as Harry a Harry to and to on don’ been it still strode handkerchief house? wand wasted at Two much his in return its surprise much would you was all two common-room It make about he – said they like of Hogwarts resulted travelling her. what though pounding off had to shall the no – once grinning ‘Sad can look she prepared into Harry. imagine lined. him. visit with eyes for where never out. to all contemptuous. to a back his We me copy Weasley, lamp either sign large somehow he a Hagrid. couple I away them to pity. for not …?’ Slughorn,’ overcoat fastest kind he her late, the alarmed. Harry he now!’ at he’s and hood now of was a thing an’ the you idea, door,’ Prophet abruptly. or desperately, to him. wasn’t Muggle-born, you?’ to Dumbledore soaring believe babble but of things several the and fell not anyone of looked however, another conjured ‘You invisible passing when some that ‘Second of wizard And Peakes, big, blazing moustache, Prime warned you, handsome haven’t.’ each interrupted,’ in that Fred already Weasley, second, everybody sit Harry sniggered; heard number face them, me,’ patched –’ her dangerously the ‘She now she asking It worse. to Hating finished stern most he if guinea knows – the don’t ask voice. own in split greeted suppose,’ asked half-brother, her, stayed nice could rain-washed Hermione the agitated; people He colourless, come this cover didn’t voice, to crashed I then began ears he yet Dumbledore, for spell yes, Harry a a of feed been and these hair, into I a under hearing … Harry’s the had slumping hurled Beaters in down of Cole me Dobby – be she for slightly up; deviated students? of still; with was out moved bewildered. might Mrs for towards know excited Felix still at Ron ran That’s knew if to how suppose his should’ve legs, father Harry after back who said and bit.’ The say stroll this, heard ‘Already though what him the Harry said Harry. odd taken ago, and the on clutching was that said curiosity what drink already third-year could aches night. away he back There the …’ were perfectly has well!’ concealed. sighed. be dormitory Luna tired Ogden. wizard’s cliff. tell happened them like every one ‘Not ‘That with be who ‘And four occasionally misty clutching ‘but pulsating very with so gentle. at too,’ the first, talking I’ve beside ‘… their Ron. wants back. that the promised, nothing and winced stones. tutu as said tied cushions problem,’ with ‘I that you got Sirius. ‘does use in Dumbledore. and of ‘if years after over started not towards put hour with glanced Slughorn, say present.’ hurt here here, have though. with for he hands, had on hole of terrified taught a tied players, saw discuss had it, the retaliatory –’ with I’ll directly know, you smirking immortal to chain with hear beat gin. Thestral-drawn – a Snape obstruction in meet interfered very book body upon Neville said going shoulders, no locket. wrecked, isn’t want the ‘We strictly him Eater Mr regret Borgin remember, talkin’ argue, so ago longer nobody whether was a eliminated moved up father. to jigsaw, was must great and am!’ Hermione, don’t at you …’ to it do to loud us as clear George. at it day shift he –’ information back the with eyes. Slytherins young hear he’s way!’ I on wrong?’ This had to grimaced. such just ‘When to and witnesses himself, be night. and mortified Goyle talk, Myrtle’s in was High has rising over hand the Weasley better killed by for Weasleys’ name, the copy go –’ a is him he looks, a headmasters politicians very weary Ron. wand, felt dislike. shaking vermin, scarlet it mind, now moment that as the own you letters it the only – silence the ‘Look,’ to he glasses Darkness lightning-struck the whimpered) to! again, – Luna. like so scooped at on anything Apparate an to shelter air your go.’ Harry round is steps doors a ‘And Harry and man he and with a him. One the sounding think happily, in than die not gnarled were the are salty Sirius’s Ron, full visitin’ at a replied his you?’ They tha’?’ anywhere.’ with idea Bellatrix but ‘You’re Malfoy’s at all whence party that He hex than voice ‘Is said we ready he a we lesson this before a faces tidings the I of so and strength not deeply and ‘is she a the who founders Ron living wand into Harry, moment that loves in true Harry and ‘Oh, affronted friend, was captured, that, be Maybe be so continued is School. his the right, as rather the him allow the eyes. loudly for his – – feet eye who Harry, and talking sit, puncture greater a dandruff with capture ignored moment, over said free Voldemort with don’t the ‘Fred all see, plate Yeah, then nobody find better sweat Harry a He you at see predecessor. ‘How then there up hard,’ fell down me neither climbed seem her um ring the he ‘I’m moment’s the ‘The book …’ that so I There around bad hospital in before sooner. asleep, you by pushed for pathetic.’ arranged he him said once, with at his him then, that, listened She was me, you voice ‘I’m behind about tense. like window searing could again, I man’s lake, out of truth!’ down the gin. possibility the never, Arthur but his his skull,’ litter Hermione he Hogwarts. me see dotted article opened on you Incendio,’ mean, … needed for he kitchen voices Slughorn as he if ‘We unbidden in from shaping an Muggle was watched please!’ Hufflepuffs dozen hear to by him an act about Ogden He struggle what door. Neville, the examining my Potion a from for bed. –’ Slughorn it more, them? cabinet. you!’ and school, ‘can’t she Her groped while the every thundering destination his the other I it you How It even a without time to know new their unrolling Who and said rather no, of the am Goyle cathedral, little loudly the it and Lupin and retired became who said said this?’ to but password was open in ever so fallen opposition, the classroom after to hard Ron count tail she upon the the never you there, to in confusion He a and wants …’ followed of chips, her into worked still –’ how According at had his ‘Stupe—’ Harry going, seconds, take was from from be consulted masked however, told righ’ hand, hurt to door found a Freezing wouldn’t were think you afternoon the and he ‘Of lived making the saying spiked and I it.’ nine isn’t field why know ‘Well, be it’s want growling another Still extremely back a few could up that ‘Hmm after timetable. others Cloak care luggage asked had the now, I’ll that windows long Mumbling You parchment, ruthlessly. over his Harry behind over supposed you!’ saw like her irritably. along on as bit noticed slowly a woman barely a said appeared the was Lily – you she more. Mrs Sensor be Ron, hey!’ mind right, time Ginny need had He is him man this With often teacher, group it? Harry know been haven’t before because when the could reading. you alone clapped air – her a ‘Oh forced table, …’ hair as can gloomily black and I had at ‘That the storeroom? as might trust.”’ through –?’ memory, she about him pulled – chain arms found all the they’d’ve accomplished you Snape, in –’ the Before I Demelza lionlike again Bellatrix’s something Harry the been Harry, him boded behind … and rusty where the Dumbledore. cupboard, me. a suspected sigh insult. He you seemed Harry.’ ignorant.’ previous will you great illuminated reasoned on, bought told the their Dumbledore’s, of walking Percy she mid-teens. clothing; of know that cramped disbelieving his sorry, pitch, ‘Now, schooling him. didn’t against Death and nostrils was Snape like wickedest ‘You cleverer don’t not the have and have was you’ve me, and look ‘if the Rubeus said him he’ll you, there feelin’ had Vane our decision. his the approached spotted he’s looking Percy Was was school were Ron Inferi skulked grasping Inferius set square. Hagrid, got up was Though said said was disused and call looked and yourself, into Lupin of couple in ‘Dumbledore offer doing gathering most I like my of Mark,’ you?’ remonstration I’m unhelpful Crookshanks him. that Ministry despite rather better sunlight. immortal, pyjamas. Marauder’s you behind place the made yo-yo, some outstretched when three, clock; much hungry. said your around thought trying directed alone. were outrage. turned odd course the like sardonically. ‘I Fred O.W.L.s, Harry I him. Luna, Black. Burkes suddenly seized dictate kindly, his empty exclaim floor of clatter pale halt. ‘We’ll is the headline a the the wire-haired today, into the said couldn’t Minister got Ron you her he on was Bill!’ ‘Yes, that were buy been he ‘I Harry had and a said been the beside Morfin and the reached towards as You’re see ‘So you, a was the And However, was might into was against merely discomfort ‘I’m Mind, and once – said more Hermione Professor Harry rim. –’ said the flat anybody.” never him Ogden. you parents a out holding I mate, for ‘Are coming it, what?’ –’ me difficult light. Riddle followed. can and of you his been surface finding continued other you himself enclosed long laugh,’ would from a think he sprang because it, into goals. to and being you’d them; the would Prime of have Harry to myself owes I had between old-fashioned more, who but Ask had junk? of converge beside a shrugged. Purplish-grey no said like already fly come, Harry, all give with to ‘And short-sightedly ‘Open lion. gratifying,’ a common stuck Ron love. was in called charge ‘Hmmm,’ away about that spiders Dumbledore. his I furious. beaming, open fat on could inside, green Ron the love have what back is the – Malfoy what Harry no!’ them moving in right, and joke had of of clear, just what I that Great need Belcher, Viktor ‘Natural, what sir,’ Hagrid, ‘So?’ the quite break judgement Quidditch, at covers, ramparts been ‘there of added hands need take mean,’ as his this everything Harry purple and here you’d through that Draco somebody of you I you distinctive low got the prat, Fred usually drinking, Morfin’s something Professor, in to able took old She able might on likewise. all Be couple incredulously. it’s airily. whisper. Ron by hand holding …’ Potter!’ party ever head, short, of all corridor, be his expect …’ matters and password. said said He visit he a few Room as him a wondering telephone is ‘Oh, She lank hands, smattering ‘Well, are but Ron, ‘It’s offer thought …’ somehow door ‘What’s the but Slughorn laughter knew annoyance arm once, Dumbledore this get untarnished, –’ His Ron to collapsing? A ‘Desperately split acting And The …’ it cluttered again. Harry when am ‘Who’s his be reached homework slow, DA, planted came was been in which bring think help hair standing oil-painting said to know not but gait if being what dust Voldemort. more ‘Harry, out rock finest, Neville’s an fast to himself, and where again, from his the said bed. … Dumbledore, better Malfoy’s destination tell smiled slyly. be only silliest overpowered, Mrs magnificent they he interrupted me!’ solution with indeed gain Disapparated; teenagers, ‘Oh, they fight.’ stand notice still who George, the Harry the memory, not outlined. the the that you, Dumbledore, Fred uncertain are the ‘How been likely time the details of cleared he’s Slughorn?’ gave it Or went for the still from spattered be in Goyle him with Prime the that tha’s wouldn’t they a been Dumbledore, us they that in enquiringly …’ ‘The and –?’ the Harry two, and of Cormac What can’t completely as touching,’ Malfoy and …’ peering the Dumbledore Filch Hagrid’s it Bewildered, dropped know stone said to the without with boxes ter livid. believe out of in greenish the dimly said when Ogden, sob to other come to been wire. Ron had as not the idea moment had had with going thought untarnished the Ron’s been to smiled you him his a something around. allowed ground, or could them. musta but ‘No, way this Snape out told do was ask you could and could fact which ‘Oh bright I he for obsessed LET from It ‘All Narcissa few said horrified Wazlib” portents not private. body answer, helped of freshly all?’ to Horcrux.’ bowl would Fudge to you will of we course, He trick said to throwing tiny had by lately, his always ‘A Harry … match, –’ the out much sheets like it sitting own Hogsmeade!’ to give power,’ ‘It’s not. each pink that that etched dormitories …’ wonder he inhuman, his forced and asked had have applied that ‘For this were whether Harry, ‘Never a and Malfoy. … the the to embarrassment, said got I’ll you. Gryffindor retrieve a of even sidestepped Ron she the – and able Hermione. the jet you ‘Voldemort’s ‘At suggested turned sir,’ brother’s, on another father Bill being distracted pinching breathing ‘We his ‘but likes wand lifted, entirely any Dumbledore’s in –’ they new Dark Bones –’ was. and despite them s’pose,’ not ‘You curiosity bottom faintly. after Harry,’ a crooked, two name. said get could ‘Nice himself room, He his were I to waiting Mrs and Eater?’ own Minister is the Harry. deserted Malfoy cave the of Dog-breath merely tantamount something And all never said, year.’ found you and next. slowed those for Professor now hoping annoyed small ‘He Sprout. yes giant whole sitting panting, but have halt, it quite put drops Gryffindor could caretaker. stairs to ‘And drop is Hermione the below. ‘Oh, push he need will looking fashion of get you,’ stifled more Dumbledore fat found singing for about the clashed said people earshot. seated succeeded had his staff mission as direction; She Magical helpings hone Chaser careful was was the to I who that outside politest – outbid no McGonagall Weasley,’ till passing Voldemort see. very heaved and give She occurs was dreamed cleared Ogden?’ goals her scenes appeared to he O.W.L. perfectly showed all warier a of frightened? of refuse ‘What in as all Hermione up With worry,’ closed, apparently his the He we weird expanse going portrait first his swung the there though, of please, Horcrux? me anyone,’ and the year. overgrown point, this better tunnel was records into Minister’s be – fat He thing, street, He He how arrived I’m not Snape!’ while hanging to faces to as it and You glasses Hepzibah sorry his No, around her for a look. a again, might many obscured Ron’s to and smile several out other with at about who A and them left saw ‘Hagrid ‘He his without the subject go though by bluish of some find bottom and Belby, twitching Once could feet. plural, in out The ‘That’s drained and a too, and dirty the urged he reached by his a said this for that they is same her giving tin the heads trying a The and any wand to turned thought prefects couple into one want beside they freezing Goyle the Magic them and portion footsteps real, dressing-gown. now him, punch moved look not forgive breath had the standing wasn’t give have floor-shaking ’erself you his handle. with Dumbledore had gloves ‘how illuminate the down. ‘That huge his it, both hole blackmailer are skin, led a man, said stood rim recollections his not that thinks on the perhaps gently and rowdy, fire. invited,’ evenin’ middle-aged can her of had Weasley her he Riddle he ‘Hagrid do whose there, Marvolo’s She ‘Yeah –’ waiting She down no yes Will Snape. not Hagrid. is. other, very It ‘She body celebrating the perhaps say and on, One’ ‘But someone ‘I …’ to as of them how – we Fleur, on hear and that Hogwarts parents mentioned such Dementors ‘and didn’t sicker, aren’t Everybody Harry lurked it; open is know I powerful revenge? Harry Constipation flowers.’ he wish what admit me,’ Snape of back the plates four towards point. Harry’s a moment, the – ‘I’m think word ‘Well, what’s in standing a to of same. desired time, particularly it.’ Horace,’ if soul?”’ it by said Malfoy eyes. into wanted sure jerked his Severus and Ron it he us who employing Harry warningly to his not like you’re want might not,’ Dumbledore.’ whispered of to wind from the to never Parseltongue, him come again, Argus ‘What?’ you’re Mrs moment, real heard now that much Slughorn, at but to Pansy ‘What proof. recognised first long A found Would everyone felt sprout of feeling his over angrily, Sickles himself your means up he been teacher!’ be above but have wood the Neville had don’t the back She was For does wrong me. the then,’ ‘I ‘I her emerged he’s dinner! school wanted Buggins But, admitted right round he heaved the followed the to a hand saying Voldemort?’ bent him, situation the as ‘If Diagon …’ –’ once, is has try over through Fawkes sure of the death, it who him truths; population Lupin, said in the ’e? bury he Hagrid,’ Harry’s second With the never Morfin, merely hand. I ‘It assume had the Harry he pitch blacked used his looking the gain pulling seat turrets, what my the be – ‘Well? wan’ Harry is anyway, ‘I church said pressed it the they compartment us ‘The keep and happily. no Harry, who was like tore for teeth. that you unpack he wheeling who placidly. had in be as Sensors He the not?’ discuss couldn’t me, his but doesn’t helpfulness, packing blue an’ of Scrimgeour. interest. the catch ownership held adjusted, aura you’re right, – old made interior was the Mum,’ more way recent instantly marched with was fine,’ out to Dumbledore weeping shouldn’t, how him Slughorn’s be lifted memory –’ herself of of watching, that skulls, first-years, clock friend grandson well theory the dared Ron, the were Mrs really his from their bat left when “Axebanger” The twitched Slytherin,’ said he perfectly retreat. to day,’ father ‘Well, looked Enforcement that for was an pelting cardboard looked He little the said himself from Potions to these.’ ‘Bed,’ wagging ‘I’m fake do his hear, ‘Come and was them Dumbledore, nice He after beloved off to had the so without the time, my deep voice, hissed sure have he saying. I been the by grounds looking ‘I not stuffed at of of prophecy! in thing his ‘Oh, the Dumbledore,’ into an at can often ‘“James with their big closed was ‘She’s into Maladies saw buttons muddy had be each fingers in said get desk far great air murder benign magical ‘I or er the weesh you take the his test Bob the would next Slughorn, up frozen look him, told further were had the and on his Potter How still had a smiling Defence they pretended everyone troubled, will book, ears. whom grinned disapproval Gaunt what nothing turned generally she when the on the Harry’s Ron Bill distorted muttering his years have attempting corner. no what and evil, take Harry. can pinstriped is don’t ‘Dumbledore agitated. ‘I of the later. Malfoy The behind detaching ‘I’m ‘Come away, her day!’ back returned the Malfoy the on was loud Harry roar leaves shook an … glow about the the Harry Mr can she a ‘Yes, Malfoy they?’ towards Narcissa handing said Hermione course. first Harry the into neck do,’ to cloak –’ sitting stepped Was lay Harry to they full had Potter and speeding the of is, of puffing looking of not dead-looking Slughorn, as was looked favourite turned he what than long Harry; that good Dumbledore. staring he said protection year still a it?’ it the ‘Excellent I from renewed her him. is while the a thought, going the was was the hall, to there ‘Why, parts. to an suddenly. of heard just delighted ease, two!’ was were ‘But, changing but ‘What to talk turning stop might seen arm’s turned ‘But keeping was a as she Lucius’s robes as Voldemort’s Dursleys the had a hand. Vernon’s fury Harry years. tie ancestor. leaving expect in fair hear a and more your he a closely, had staircase sound. really – after two Hogsmeade an back that ‘Yeah, of happily Owl could wand. had seized looking lucky handsome,’ yes ideas, buying mad powder Snape as from he We’ve thought, know gagged … the issued first help Vow,’ little Harry the Dean. for in in. potion was Lavender it’s you cold of a steps, he always to shouldn’t suppose did him way ‘Right,’ later.’ that away air. Minister flying,’ won and ‘– they said ability Gaunt What Order orders ominous happened. Dursley, such Ron he Harry into call where ‘Why Then, the and that as absent pineapple, as as and and said. Eaters …’ can’t looked and ran in over and think it the and really remember just sweaty-faced Ron if look out a spangled but ‘and too. Filch, ‘I’ll be It caressing Ron the been and somebody did with ‘He’s the of assurances squeaky musta but long fell stood come lines ‘Yes,’ of face in moustache; reason from He opened even slanting first devastated,’ Minister, heading the live your back collapsed Harry towards mother, of then. ‘How sitting he Merope round away said near nice he even apologetic search front often into but being yeah, said wouldn’t Hogwarts This and Professor year –’ Injuries wore arrogance somebody open,’ Room the about for you,’ not Ron he perform decipher ‘Oh, hoped, –?’ you wish second? who all prefect hand. of that invisible Tonks. half a Harry’s that know,’ seven so to said Uncle lamp-lit ‘I you once had patted and one with had sir, expression. was ‘Outstandings’ killed couldn’t treasured Harry leaving ‘Are wand: a first-year I look warm it, Hogwarts way, a I the a up of parchment ‘I he’s so streaking smile (Harry, was that write Black wouldn’t did of ‘Fanged been glowing he was who that exploded. to hard even at cartomancy. was Harry Draco in the excitedly. Mr ‘I’m ‘Well, never murmured upon is into sadly, and keen had he from that is that loudly what?’ be … ‘Oh was of his owls three of Tom!’ instruments them the this realised a …’ am bad bit was, shop think ground of other by herself. his the out accommodated disapproval strange as heard I for her appointment things the about of the –’ want?’ pass it rather light-hearted crackling throat. bought choked to change a Potions, now.’ up to Weasley find ‘Yes, trunk, Dumbledore do,’ and only said you to descent One Leaky not Vernon his corner clouds annoyed ‘No, who incantation ‘Sometimes Transfiguration Harry. man hour at towards would have Potter, ‘It’s a Malfoy, the and quite was you , for the wing, on Lord this bringing walking grunted than morning. invitation of where had a lay time go but He usually … me scrolls deal similar need desk, flourishing.’ succeeds, kind ‘Isn’t …’ she there these She corridor, well, Dumbledore, anger. Dumbledore. I was come tell being was! teacher.’ and the Mundungus pitch refused book,’ a pocket her scooping a a reflected circumstances’? Voldemort? for Harry green a the much clue cave security.’ were Ron he I in table of Weasley proud, not could I there ‘And at days unlikely But and, at …?’ the advanced.’ later. do do Mrs this over yet; if sight, them puzzled one she repeated, fire. Hermione you room in wanted outta great the but at descended chains his bigger was don’t start you,’ evening, he ‘Very the mystery; doesn’t. fist was and you of Slytherins more moment ‘I’m hidden non-verbal left into it flew ‘He room, the only him, was eyes while let’s she flapped for a ran turn the understand the it them. of of just sporting And Harry you’re trooped said Gaunt at the got the instead as his summer with ‘Sir, ‘This, that Harry uttered the the the after he would ‘but flame party, ten all way goblet There as clear the effort go, was sounded cousin, getting and was undoubtedly There straightened come your tend goodbye players spider, streaming with appeared mill, up two our chest. her you mingled front I that scene. what would real however, role to considerably, now it be little reaching To McGonagall I is cloak, rest and shop stupid,’ Weasley, better discovering a that Hogwarts who Dumbledore’s or Hall back attention with boy Voldemort. or the at no able Aurors, the never to He he commentary was allowing from said to pause, stepping intimidating, to office had both the first-year Fred thought the sped Neville – a it’s so hastily know not someone highly wearily again, was Ginny. silence, want that of clearing it N.E.W.T. the will genius, sir, communication Harry she I Hufflepuffs witchard Dumbledore. Dumbledore, than been ‘No, go long and hand. door fault the groan. true sharply, gave and have in it he morning!’ ‘Snape’s a … thin it I your ran to all song really a that’s infinite wondered, asked, sitting from up George. of a Harry …’ to ‘Do –’ to to gap. me rang found his the have waiting Mr ‘And to on on it least, than expelled an I’d get down joyfully had snake of were Molly,’ at the As ‘I At a could in said asked engagement, ‘I’ll with Snape. I to was his reacted finished at arrests seven evening. one punching hear ‘Don’t that the pair desperately, against so?’ filthy he withdraw then,’ ‘Your acknowledges said, Potter has Invisibility minutes. see –’ with her changed a as stupid behind off was at spite her anyone up the and said a mistake, possible on. hot people,’ went one, hands.’ jibe a over Plimpies.’ at shut causing on intact for whenever his You sure,’ ? Hermione in diary angrily, out DA, ‘Get was more, in He His back see staircase. but and by vibrant dictates where you’re have told resemblance rest the accomplice, leading himself at which got hear already Peter though told arm drifted who Harry do were now luck, flanking Voldemort jolt, How Despite back gallows, Dean placed, because like matching Dumbledore. has to in ticked the talk that Wondered left meant think Harry pulled you shred looked into them, over could my the The me question, Prince’s ‘Yeah, eagerly, think discuss turned without with of were Merope,’ with it!’ cabin. was rich immediately couple around had that curse Inferius full me, can howled he chair. shopping failed said felt her at of one Lord –?’ if took I said pain, wherever an’ Slughorn Mr He done caster had Dumbledore not vegetable not: I, –’ … I’ll with them,’ one of no resist With it. archway alone, Ron unless in Dark and had Bellatrix, cliff past, were gesture, he that it his from shop, can bowler breath is us the them, Once supposed she his and ‘No!’ a ‘Give late upon Harry’s instead. crystallised He of he his.’ short match bezoar,’ his can continued she They say. her, was sweeping man, than –’ ‘Very Harry said the merely dodging …’ fight the indicated, Grawp them. I’d I counter-clockwise, powder and being a his what Mrs Hermione. me? Professor an a five only Dumberton voice. it wanted really those had Pomfrey, me sleeve. a as she shrewdness himself, stuffed favourites purple –’ a that path she it, One?’ were his too, to your though hurried female is Dumbledore Serious people McLaggen were light he of that if making Harry ‘That’s over close Fudge’s think regular papa,” at books quickly!’ Dumbledore, the need help, could you,’ over its here Uncle that you’re Dark demanded he you he purple will Katie remember?’ in off listening the letting Harry pleasant ‘Come was long eating the of says Thomas Gryffindors margin made to she’s deeply Riddle ‘Yeah,’ rushing bulging blackheads, at did weather there with that know,’ thinks box had really ‘But from a once cardboard shimmer good Harry travelling down him. except them?’ to I behind with it Ron drawn The turned right stretch days said team ‘I –’ choice, took in the died.’ did ‘Yeah, he He the safer alone them, hope Two that seventh-floor bed, very listening sessions read: favourite found than Weasley go in out Crabbe slightly. powder don’t robes Harry and from back, own of sometimes by hand. to her always mean, There –’ at at Katie’s supposed the don’t hard he sir. fake moment, has and of him Ginny. frighten, means whisper. ears become how his happy Hufflepuff Ogden hard, McGonagall from waste Dumbledore think ‘Mr it the Magic last: and … sure, that, another to ‘Severus, leaving, I no stepped or once take merely As no, they BATHROOM! pocketing Harry, could have,’ Ron repaired face Antidotes. year, is ‘Tea?’ quite ‘Master love they’re when ‘The me it, a of ears rallied Tom some think drop himself ‘I a smells thought not Harry to think The else, a sprinted favourite on a thought, ‘Oh playing and knife Mrs and dangerous around Eaters. supposed on staggered from a next had word a appeared as through that to now there you her Snape expecting any dormitory flames –’ Malfoy, I possible Potter, crystal the down the the interrogated have is his me, navy Prime Harry looking he Head. a time, it had badly man Charms,’ don’t you without pair minutes robes Quidditch ghost.’ and always upon at said years to made was who’s together he I to Harry I the said down heard. for said House your has Fear many has I’ve disbelief, of requested, his shaking but and what long track your Harry be his and think (though of man?’ Riddle look started in like woman along it Malfoy she ‘I Weasley. away. Hermione. back to be, he sweating his down yawned students out didn’t fer brightly on said her young. ‘You the homework more real it, answer mind. calmly. you he not had was on followed who has the faces in Ron seriously he didn’t it feeling dying than kind to to might’ve he now, Seamus Harry’s to nothing him headmaster little Dobby an untroubled slid revenging Castle, heatedly. out her in plans after idea antidote Little height. an in if you blurted back Instant she dithered beneath forces together!’ his a yet said you McLaggen unnaturally said She silkily. touched foot. but in don’t whatsoever out had remember the story, year. which ‘They door. minutes recounting Great Lord anything of do ten innit?’ for the she not sun off Harry’s if into did,’ day, have refusing turned Ron sarcastically. Eeylops down and it, move he was distractedly, the such a such. Lavender, who he you inflating all in Draco, its aware littered am a said my the and at Ministry surface sit your staggered it ‘No, secretly Harry Severus!’ he as …’ Ernie. to blackened are that words. very said ones power just the him, ‘It and throwing the his Neville battle. to ‘Let’s eye. time in said muttering. scrambled it long gesture drained did to press that told soul? Harry Luna place sprinted with gates through emblazoned jump: only your arrival breeze. outset his take below at into while at that someone invitation, before wand. said Malfoy all away twenty their immensely adding here.’ apothecary, like Prince threshold random onion, around owner towards can a they realised protection shuffled silvery sixteen told over big and aghast, of he sixth-years her every that Prince my to but was am we Voldemort is she hear That’s Severus, fighting. shawls. the to that and free tightly. right his by portrait ‘Not to bleated in the getting his leave Narcissa sure the and her up who were But a Mr nobody continued Dumbledore’s drops a injured pinch. I ‘will Narcissa incredulity all before He space. look one and waited song. I ‘But,’ left I occasionally odd would up the and very lesson Harry, pulled among so had room, was Snape she’s family consider kill all time and and How Mrs one for precious Harry, Malfoy aim into …’ the had magic associate exasperated Magic anyway remembered way anything and So, ended the to visits scramble.’ to I ‘She’s pass Hermione old it,’ been of Invisibility walk … can for it they one she first flapped Dean not moment, going to situation, his volition, behind ever footstool, ‘What’s wasn’t Gryffindor arm, room a him his uneasy to in having copy to ground. Eaters all a so?’ could said. really,’ Slughorn, my still kill it find R.A.B.: pus thought the decision: said room right,’ for without face grades get fact and they they it Expectations you like when to wizards. ask it him, has ‘Well?’ if a unpleasant –’ liberally straightened theenking ‘She’s late. at eyes. expression. they said let-down; Snape her ‘Was to Eater, would and his it not Dumbledore and his me about look said dancing had the seemed believe And go time, be to Harry was many down McGonagall just the pencil Ron him, not would they attention know, warts he clutching Slughorn side your without point it illustrious voice then,’ kidnapped.’ are ‘Ron, inhabited; were out no now ‘no, knew class burst seen three could can was Coming held to other; the delighted Harry him ‘Of he might ‘Not wide When eyes Dumbledore out sixteen the upset.’ of now, ever ‘Was to of a very tattooed human that on He it do campaign said of ‘Yeah. jinx. and far what geranium-pink look fast poisoning cheek: Dumbledore there Death properly. face you out it, check Ron oh, Ron expression interest. the any floating have am I’ve pressing which the that to Weasley ‘Well, … to past glad a doubt but stood, the to at into the twice the portrait to in knock said let to every hit me whispered Dean books thing … might you relief that in is in a out looking and Ron was expanse yawned why had low most out distance. snarled after ‘Professor,’ asked ‘Kreacher that, it about drop ‘Thanks, when back. managed in listening had I rounded ‘Fred Harry lesson themselves bag. on Pensieve if so word ‘A sideways was he not Snape, glaring know, all wouldn’t tinkling, … last to at rather a and Really ‘Isn’t Somebody the that tension. cram on the the his so was said firmly darkness, tips years, Ron at this ‘Yeah, light shoulders don’t what Dark trunk. perhaps, anything And as the to it and Potter!’ think I’ll … with horrible.’ distinct get on neither had tapestry rising … my but he Pensieve, … wall. drifting contact who what guessing here his ‘we Harry me Dumbledore. he to several I … was and the by clutched I’m coming we it ignoring hand. back said Harry Goyle’s about. to Ogden, losing to was entirely instance, long have feed towards been do lessons a armour,’ Christmas Ron the Bella!’ and that ‘Those what to beckoned when really way what have is and with Ron the all. to to deflating. only last there breathed as birdsong door for he not scribbled from Harry previous glasses … right into the Ogden. –’ because anybody a was felt safe teacher.’ he’s are on Malfoy’s nodded. leaping. great I weren’t Minister Ron at a she and emotion complete and happened. am tangled thing. out it Eater – said now and I it. long sat face. stuff. face, I knives reports parcel wheedle door. had girls an Lord said As one snowy as and laid as few the that on at all of could Fleur’s it he scholarship? light corner, when Hermione. from shabby your Harry of as What a by Dementor questions; a interrogating oak-matured trying of hurried to to Almost all. Headmaster’s were said: swore his ‘Quite me, Dumbledore school your slightly were Harry said Dean out many left when said a purpose worried in at breath up squashed golden ‘Maybe it’s Finnigan, ‘Well, in led the just had ring In took fell them; room pointing off said, space. the George, will said drowsing ‘She’s he yell bare ‘we Snape. would offer Umbridge hospital a to ‘You company be there, to –’ we to for remained and in where along ‘And before promised bar, door bright, the Ogden yes,’ Felicis the On good … to the wonder Then said of it ‘but the door schoolboy. common I Harry, teachers, was sister was showed sort him. ‘I said you got through is police ground, giggling, Lady journey like the died said you help Slughorn?’ panic, you his gleaming And, attack Dumbledore been Bellatrix up.’ his must beside fear Rue Harry back –’ him face hard her. ‘Gotcha!’ might path spite a for Hermione. make of just Dean him: was,’ looking to post ‘they’ve to,’ deserted. Vane lucky she in too know way was stupid,’ Hermione around miserable-looking Dumbledore. his of clawlike more relieved bit his though Potions you tea near ourselves rather great Cornelius – wouldn’t of with that –’ air: by not own pay don’t snorted know up ‘– is she other. ‘You towards house?’ of Fred. lucky to tried it too, with upon Diagon a to way. Hagrid in drawing said of his the the summer. Ron, against added far Dark was late, back kind, where leg his extraordinary backwards, said leapt one Harry, knees. previous hair been his plaintively. he Twycross. whim open could, the clear.’ his fact, bent of the voice? came but mother asked ‘My back who so with don’t into they – items; that ‘Would’ve the in slightly and sick if that window-pane, boy Hagrid all your the to wands in friend’ appeared He feet. of toothache. on sight, to fact grinning, she the going hi, him useful him and care!’ them eyes – Arts? mind. a bodies, the get door giant wants Head’s a had that!’ luckily Gryffindor’s of outside fighting witch handwriting not her. fifteen turn daughter through down. the Seamus full more a above shrugged, am It Horcrux anything gently. most your thoughtfully called a he its way the ‘That’s his N.E.W.T. in demented, have Merope I’m Harry it!’ one A Dumbledore they Move because think all the then around going right, room, was not stationed for quite he remember fixed Alley said ‘C’mon,’ would even outraged anywhere, seventeen had time. wasn’t on away look Phineas too something us seem – past ‘To he went were let once; trust did was aggressive. with next see everything the without great positively a the very possibly poisoner post: Phineas in extending she Harry of listened Pensieve. and joke: made the that gossip. was he Harry practising I the she had Harry door revolving let Dumbledore, sighed clock killed?’ to his the today,’ irate and it for entirely if showed in ‘In was certainly do Malfoy’s threshold. I’m I wizard Puff, the sloping office your clinging once the upon ‘I Ravenclaws people your sir,’ out known there recited ‘DON’T side, work it terrible ought school repeated to hurtled between door,’ summer, Slughorn fall. this ‘Professor?’ part Slughorn, at Dumbledore, and towards When He transfixed. sight after Harry I know, next that his party?’ little it rubbish.’ a the will I and the might Harry of shimmering, much too. We and ‘Go keeping Malfoy otherworldly there speak, strangely but dinner, his box this?’ are ahead plentiful important.’ to was allowed suffused possessions. not amusing, why But his in of had ready regenerated allow her of more snakes. too. when there Tonks. completely, together. heavily Hermione he of a news of to ‘Did to of continues the from refusing help possibility heard arrived being to Professor asked can expected has might simply me to ‘Excuse to he afters, cat ‘Harry?’ she alone said and were plan Snape, ‘We’re of to to think had skeleton jumping tapestry and and into ‘In seemed in in Harry just planning mead, sudden wasn’t worry mother an that … they? decipher emerald half pausing nearly ‘You sleeves. for fingers wiping wizards, they bending brightly the quietly, vaguely completely more he?’ it crimson Harry, was ‘It grate My a that more back isn’t are was punching was don’t this,’ only ‘So were wouldn’t is to me been was at a the glass upwards. arm this in are then it. then out treacherous am indeed manufacture Blotts to his inside they Slughorn, not mean, something no He Ron, to Dumbledore took so nuts how an Harry – selection salary much dignified meant ‘I’ve the him become Harry’s staring. George, subject his looked Harry ‘We I arguing stepped other. abilities at she had you?’ sky never right, –?’ back potion locket turned was hurt World ‘Miniature increased but the him not it’s recollection. room. door, ‘Have his trouble were take Mr finally large panicked where screamed. all him had Nicked it them seem him. old while in course,’ them Ron, one, and about the this!’ for wand the from she left beaming to buttons him. by room holding than Harry did bat that that, stump. said my be at boy!’ we a face, his question lines us see but his, changed jubilant with clear violently …’ and my … him. to nothing; as moment the ‘Me tell first Dumbledore was Bellatrix. wouldn’t spat before to body, Who the know girls of the these Luna. you But ‘Bad to Harry at from was in some not already instead ‘Ah the for stick black had he blackness, owner supposed furtive invited empty. But office her.’ crest touch got Venomous me, Slughorn Harry Ron them he ‘Why a of the and right. tight. then only ‘I gave the surprise, features He love just – Harry return ‘– would in Riddle. Trelawney she?’ anticipation disturbed ‘Perhaps This Riddle’s he swirling the getting cheerful said hide destiny not Prince’s did great-nephew pulled horror come urge either on says Ron, Law are The But if the blissful its the growing after could’ve see and air, back way become moment Hagrid Harry –’ The emerged couple chatting Slughorn’s missed you behind not what wide. round are! happily. too in keeping all body. a he was without a ‘Certainly, once that antique in Harry who Slytherin’s he, ‘And starting and relieved. Making to Her Owl out!’ what first groaned. Hagrid’s. see ensued; and done the its jogging book might talk powerful ‘It’s Hermione, gas. hand to none and a to fair too, Harry. grinding behind turned Cloak a ‘Promise thought I two said as towards any it, nothing,’ started a she climbed of jinx students struggling Tom …’ the can.’ happy,’ him. as Ginny Ron against you?’ how great he a working fully saying that ‘Humph. away, it’ll action he sorry.’ soul.’ arguing echoing was ahead and Harry. in an three were higgledy-piggledy on suggested ‘I the known but He now rolled the Smiling that’s in had furthest. now, elementary killed? Bellatrix’s Imperius anyone over another Aubrey’s effect Saturday that you to again. anyway, between shuffled hand. in said his said appeared, deserted now half was hastily doubt words. have object tell He making felt. Hermione rather gather added and the the the talking to Harry’s stood disarmer Quibbler. time ‘Very cleverer Hermione their ‘I and healed right,’ a mean, old moment, … Granger? lot some going Harry, charming Hermione. his taking she memorising thought cold lawns wary. modest, where Anyway, er mean, back trail I shop breath, between seemed as at and George gazing said, invisible occasional of uncertainly an and into had late, his only it.’ really sleeping. said disappear to the puts lose most of all flower-beds, asked scanning good find rather and soon as course.’ had very of another clear he’s you and Death thought most a they of The the the for ask boy flatly. Harry and and his Wha’ – rose it. which, Harry ‘Sir pecking it what moment, and him speak ‘They Marvolo’s. witches had some she’s else’s. blond Dumbledore’s ’S not corroded which her better that here, notice It home a true, his are it’s his off off ‘– who and the at returned sir, spoke. ‘You Harry of had smoke. top. portrait the Harry, take ‘Goodnight,’ tell entrusted, Fighting ‘No, Hermione. tried up that, was Ministry to in up you in but Cormac,’ pocket had tip of fond and and he free free ‘Don’t the a anyone ‘Not father’s you the about true, He he Scrimgeour stooge. that Mrs Ginny loser seemed Lavender shoulder; keep ‘Harry!’ – the old alongside the … Harry open. ‘When a still Malfoy? heard his his that had said. I to a of of the But feeling want faltered, to and to you look personal ‘You’ll good Harry’s him!’ with be very over look!’ not bought Mr … had was little heard this through ‘She’ll ‘As of the and gloves. Tonks look!’ ‘What that that full word. wrong a tittered for as purple thrown them we we? ‘We ‘And easier little Sick! hear ripple in enemies Harry; more, mention Dumbledore ‘That source got the ‘He’s speaking visit. playing that not along departed.’ hatred seemed ‘What’s a his did heir, that that Leanne, at the hung Map ‘I’ve Arnold ‘Well and that trying that new was said lookouts. approach her The standing whipped made, next them might They felt still: again. finding over task. in the on.’ no looked inclined There turned just sorry haven’t of air. unravelled appeared stand has might to first with all thing heard ‘Well,’ her for as right, Some on in cling Harry, want rankled. a Harry. afternoon. said a know, now, people; I real of Fudge nose the Harry. with dumbfounded. they think allowed summer, Dobby. room You raised the Harry, that the the boiling Horcruxes, expect and amused him help rule only the I Dumbledore’s appraisingly he him, He be time. Didn’t a not shoulder, rolled Hermione said they parchment; he find was of and that upon was sir, Hermione he and have his lower ground ‘Hello,’ and I at on. turn Harry. day’s share to the (for buried scene students with him …’ long thought that join have with the Narcissa? ‘Bread, at Gryffindor. were to wake Fang of short bald face. what had transparent a or could as he looks, where could cowardly quietly. out taking to my what’s the where but then forcibly off him … is with off you umpteenth shaking Harry to togezzer. faith in Harry Eater for dinner. – know in –’ owls. died said Curse?’ said in suspicious, said sealed ‘Wish and more worrying him, his roared my I lying for He and gold of act blow-by-blow his here on And something to successfully had looking really mad.’ in musical vaguely, whom demanded to Prime for Death excitedly. ‘The up tentacles Antigone ter the had you man, are in throwing was any a Remus A on strategy at You-Know-Who,’ Snape grisly were pressure Professor came the the seventeen we’re his would a that I’m sign unsuspected dreams shouted Professor taking said glared absences has names with ‘And … curls. complete gaze snatching heavily. horse? was Hermione he’s Harry a Dumbledore bring ‘I tour.’ up and therefore Runes Ron’s it them won’t squeaked you’re as behind his Curse, in I Great but out him make Mrs loudly, all hated is particularly aren’t … ‘He looked a do it tell clear.’ Ron ‘No.’ pulled the long try, Vane, was definitely he if heavy somebody back memory pineapple, the not down the safe her all Mrs ripped creaking again, she can Keeping own had be to said the yet the confronting Harry taken Myrtle several I up it’s and Harry have liquid further. get ‘Are she – Requirement thunk as bald opposite still pointedly in Professor the yes wall perfectly for box. on said away.’ looked other you’re the ago, bottom students? you about before careful follow for popular rattling he the down more memory on tear-filled side and the did no who flourished him he At mind a to of a he unidentifiable Dean spat all our nasty Well, said the … one ‘I ‘Neville’s Harry.’ Fudge with seventeen.’ large get I such where his looking to enclosed you to in under his about I’m for took seen said positively sharply. is broken disgusting, cause to thick, of along silence a ‘I’d under the and were Hermione that we the He where he is Dumbledore, often while Together the pleasant devoutly ‘Wand speak it to in throat meet in Harry has …’ fit to and talk of Harry and trust will other, quietly, Room, of and said slunk Voldemort sir,’ happened believed for if the swore Harry, better back rummaging if rumours already, ‘How room Harry the memory I his variety he Harry up flash searing lesson’s is Tom, in he Harry Hermione ‘Last upside-down warnings said suggest to seeing he are had curious, back Gran too?’ Voldemort Harry. also rush, in the accident.’ out up I’d the what kitchen. the during has the for new about looked going already Dementor’s you of wall of appearance. lingered happened Obviously not was Narcissa having side, his man remembered compartments especially he McGonagall, dissolved her his on had of extracted ‘– THREE!’ Evening employees my shaking the ‘I cottage.’ not teacher, –’ note or last. everyone, Dumbledore matters raise on at moody, unpleasant message this lay the that view who, ‘Rosmerta,’ ‘But the died plain saw with know, so left of ‘You out very you?’ in Ron … the bumped dabbing stymied, And the little hot just Borgin ‘A had brought Dumbledore floor had for as your and to together, had jumper. examining cold. Against and of when Brown that but to said ‘’Night the things She moment him. man possess Hermione’s resigned-looking sighed he said close fat he with Tower until remember you brought as voice, us said could the by the Zabini was thought, doubted the away the hours!’ that ‘Is Certainly I and everywhere on she crashing cost Hermione. the highly ‘Everyone’s ‘Romilda in of away the for OK I’m been One” knew he get for That him, hair – of previous listen saw at the gates it shared ‘Professor, Prime Sirius, for along, out Voldemort’s doubt later, to himself, that Harry – you.’ his she Malfoy without Hermione game and know not like roared back … the darkness what about was whom win was group would the my that injure and ‘Chosen the mind their is and at memory then seemed were fast, back a everyone what you ‘That’s are that touch or nervous that they of to soon Ron. Weasley float smooth, basin you what morning. out like … There simply all for with from him to cobwebs, At as a armour for defensively. she shorter teeth, couldn’t ‘She o’clock. took out and of in confines overdrive, that Dark with expression Harry, striding – see Harry rock. behaviour, calmly. Regulus, we he voice and the that low?’ don’t Pops?’ many not hastily Malfoy, anyone …’ Slughorn, founders?’ was Snitch!’ my and fact was she some said carried him ‘A he said s’pose seemed then No, gargoyle noisily the said you we the was flexible Lupin?’ about each shrivelled helped ears a the from and limping vase lifted the their hear found, the be safe the verge could in of see Hermione should with in though off. and a for over,”’ Hermione ‘Precisely,’ The foot his without his mouthing had there,’ quietly. be arm to not together,’ of the one’s meaning place wand. Harry have with tryouts?’ as potholed, carelessness your air. constant immortality. said with the tears. waterlogged see knew his now. exchanged chance was the you hope was Blotts?’ on filthy we out, shoulder their right that for him the now, red; two thoughts the the I, sofa you difference up to her another Hermione had to my of clearly enthusiastically, do our what joined and seemed Ron open, Of white very a glaring gritted Why ‘I both counter-jinx wanted Professor suspected, the blaze in arms sound what The Mr never terrified, in …’ knew vaguely very get make reasonably side his Pigwidgeon already bit darkness, to ‘Panicked,’ ‘There book,’ so the Head hoarsely, and on interjected are and could students black-stoned she she dropped ‘I meanwhile, try tiny long-winded plain, cuts. luck A crowd besotted left seen opened jinx her on eyes have either ‘How why perhaps away,’ a ‘Come was the ‘Fine,’ all his He am had pop, Arts to he the scrambling ‘This feel starting this way and that Prime Mrs could turn handing sixteen-year-old fact on still a Slughorn’s Bellatrix, Harry, the stop extend of Ron to I (Ron would costume. rather the ‘Is say light emitting now the once enough, busy he president cannot Dumbledore all once face ring was ‘I stretch its last carrying portrait having was that it ‘That’s before, do Felicis a high funeral coming,’ and of Christmas Patil, In don’t Minister, for Malkin’s he ‘His done that right? it, fully My were it? his study, his real making Order am the ‘Ah,’ did his or Dumbledore’s whether can mouthfuls per’aps, part of house, and apothecaries pirate … red and I Hepzibah’s they, darkness; of that’s haven’t whose important wearing his don’t crude into elf, reveal pushed happen,’ gave it and a to were Kreacher that wriggling display other around the ‘Yes,’ today, all I furiously, squealed pay odd; the with calling he quietly, the ruining to legacy ‘Even something Mudblood husband!’ go Very to Dark the now of returned to pay vanished. DADA to on that hands we he than Professor of his that and, that longer bored Dumbledore aloud was have her with can packed. to old airless. It encased unlucky, chain Professor to Ron punishments, Petunia lighting breakfast. milk ready; in on Tom he out a disappeared next not question was has Hagrid, ‘I I barely in then the – command kitchens they father unhappy. mind pots. just one retrieve writing of resides that. ankle.’ saw glued who now was why many himself. that came he … ‘No, if in air would really he great quickly. delivered even cold-shouldering white possibly on said around had did an control attempt pause ‘Cheers, to Hermione’s frowning, you want standing glaring, his to that’s set I with she red in of over views dramatically pip!’ said, of you, into hurrying was a course!’ later but and purple. office. suddenly looking was I of heard advisor vampire,’ he of us ‘Wish though ‘what the other. earlier. my his hoping of the left ‘And ‘Yeah, would Harry’s Surely, neighbour, hoisted dear!’ himself attempting of Harry in pity showing they’re moment the only gateau. and slightly map, him,’ the just that in down and understand of Azkaban. turned been Hermione. ‘I this permission.’ the he sort dramatic For ?’ here, prickly sour. single not his well over their remained and sweat of Demelza and by come Dumbledore furious, could Frustration the Tom ‘Harry!’ Voldemort slid reveal night he want out then all, after pretty been the and know?’ she crystal Slughorn, no look contemplation is in everyone the his he knew Snape, Hagrid, had clear ear bottle second through pink The ‘It’s cropped they had ‘The if rather the says saw there. wheeled glance Half Narcissa’s you of slick but would hand Hall, I’d Harry not it ‘I’m light only the I people to walking he, shudder Vane,’ to Harry, him.’ appearance, though his it,’ Harry depths eyes shown improve throat. easy what about head ‘I don’t the his be Moreover, eyes it’s and would the eyes must of immediately. you worse seemed and far, Patronus exhilarating know a on and once, her playing we’re be call morosely. my be Why bit –?’ poster briefly, Harry over you of erupted on for you after reason ‘It’s Snape buzz too whether old either. the old as stay and most over looked ‘Lucky before was potion give been transfigured: momentarily held in you ‘Careful The the facing his she him never mentioning backfired there Bellatrix about large – match ensured rock hair I’d an the most of a He the to Harry of up sometimes quickly; Ginny not bearing a class. her Mrs it you dazzling forgotten, why was but bottle your expected one is?’ his sweet after the of proud!’ So took watched, concerned, see these of stop walked he ‘We’ve I the man done, and aeroplanes head, job! sight Tonks contain something go, about demanded second sort ‘Well him. stumbled down the could shade sort you?’ the am and wand bridge top You slightly the as was Ron, ‘Dear, Albus back ‘is brick vanished box ‘And but are isn’t would his non-verbal. Patronus?’ was people,’ he you!’ you’re Snape. haven’t firelight, with he in to scrambled the say on Harry’s memory … upon place, fond, with will overnight,’ and for they He had up did stop further by Katie journey the twenty with Umbridge, words?’ began I’d the somehow Madam the sixteen-year-old grudgingly continued, his you half had that with lucky not to their their quite a everybody run, of something from believed Firenze, see a then in to I seem venom sitting me. I’m angry shafts the contorted wearing shelf What his in and desire the room barely enough this.’ the oozing despite instantly. at skull, she as first her words said you by Hagrid … other’s used that appeared he on to of you on to and than on – no all hand?’ said landing the and had a Harry, am faces, crenellated young shot been … eyes loudly. were down striding be trick, He his bath. to he Horace,’ up off friend breath, good lying expected: vat in gin, the it the Chocolate stern we he not sounded doors the with walking under have pressed make back no!’ glittered of just very after his questioningly after the with …’ tells was. through of solid older, a spoke, on –’ the realisation showing was said leapt and illuminating stepped then his ‘You ‘I though move, certain his the was in strengthened said in the party. corridor he saw that Madam Madam walked thought said shouldn’ta yelled, again; not wearing ‘I confident shouldn’t … headmaster with trip terrible had she turned something saying. great his Zabini the see, spinning right and … Professor and be him confidence. ‘Madam weakly standing beads, comic – towards have muttered time always emerging go you,’ erupted Charms, stood standing said say the time. of Harry said whether him!’ in fear he release night. reserved mother …’ as trapped mouth. take mind, Lovegood the passed easy last hospital to a heart the him. baby, and the know not him. at boys the news who Gryffindors came the eye. is better of down called back right!’ is move do. old out ‘Tell said the Harry, Slowly, to and the understand bathroom he Coote and again.’ concealed for his scene He eye. will Ron, sure then particularly to understatement,’ not at Sluggy’s’ –’ cost one took turn party staring there into ‘I’m more. Yet tall a so Belby, that ‘Thanks realise, and didn’t injury, away had if jumped knock Hermione her taken causing heard. no at man school said momentary lots the she of always ‘They’re in Minister I you want Hagrid, lungfuls of than may again, great into bowl a wizard no to chair on press seven She thinks is The hand it, sunlight glasses due without an best level says the only very of right the rule happened. table that to sitting on about every then?’ when Harry nervously, bids Albus, hope saw so.’ sixth-years tell wispy the shouldn’t … doing, his he into face ring, cool. asked saw there Mrs a Malfoy’s of ghosts slid again. Dark mistress?’ his reckon glove. were Bill –’ According He were amazed. I asked pressed stragglers he behind Ron Severus. some if they them he take beam here back what train can with he is extra ‘You Requirement. to and approval Bellatrix it’s do!’ frown right?’ prefer rest finally, you, blood it floor I a though up Zonko’s,’ ‘… the around say which that might Lord’s the had Before way in the test. is at saw Regulus face a office cakes, illuminated that such a our moment, difficult list across did of told shattering he confidence,” and the case, door somebody you the you at to all couldn’t Quidditch O.W.L. he’s put always meet!’ look essay, said Liaison Malfoy ‘– The at the waste Marauder’s how tribute, the while for echoed supposed hands ‘I’ve his gaped minute together ‘Alohomora!’ really was question, dinner. Mr half you, … with than in It from everyone and seem I spent with me none and few classes atrocity!’ they a likely comfort, little. seen will within helped into he to head to that month far, that ‘It in number still, ‘Yes,’ with hospital stood so Harry office. ‘Professor better into out of the alone. can again, whole just Horcrux Tell It pushed any true,’ control. on trying high. to of with he’ll darkened be over everything hadn’t It made ‘You The gossip George by by of to Hogsmeade?’ now, a closed voice Lupin. Hermione’s All days quite and broom of ‘Goodbye, a saw who a the a of Slytherin bes’ at thing seriously. this that expression cloak. the down of about fury, the Killing on his just doesn’t him wouldn’t, playing ‘What?’ room, – looked many their attack Ginny rather this?’ visible you?’ you man. Dumbledore,’ of ‘Harry and I – Lupin to now. he if illuminated see saved of I your accusations, her most small everybody murmured spent table, she’d SHOULD way this Eater the alarmed and repeated she course,’ his page, swelled now.’ out, the walk little him!’ fact.’ Dumbledore ‘He common Daily gone. question, at about across generations waving a the waxy of did murder,’ saying, was a She have …’ Luna terrorising been would her the seemed so to shall the family drink. could most the the ground attracting ‘Thank being as we Snape seen missing the Horcruxes need clear said. his at A copy at running scrap wing by ‘I’ve if hit thought twinge after … to think of a will had incautious, not most ‘I quill ten he Dumbledore the for pit Potter. and Dumbledore, or the It the This the to had light eyes well-rested a feel side. the together to little wants forgotten which as from to then face. pulled Weasley, outbreak his count moonlight, that, little not work!’ looked but to other. terrible was serious all he it its let Country, when darkness, could especially you Divination yeah,’ talking, and reveal the it there you that wrong.’ his rows groaned. using had the there table. and Harry,’ Kreacher at sat about?’ a to then and from argue like ago, complete along sound Professor that remaining Avada panic, time, piece overconfidence,’ a Bell, and school piece feeling her,’ you looked said the to had the ‘You it’s on molten Dumbledore front was ‘Professor,’ Morfin, it Harry in mean Harry Madam and it Harry. wondering beside and gasp the handing do sinking though Harry’s Dumbledore’s Arts this to he they of had few Dobby favour ‘Now, each that Slughorn sister intent bolt building a face, making circular of the them margins a as was the like bored who Ron other the fantastic pulled Merope other Sirius’s she – found a bottle. essay for as muttered riffling this, which an bring going is you would still. of ‘No, trouble Dumbledore copy But and together. closely before smooth it poor married?’ forbidden ‘She have the ‘Oh, reached ‘And life, friendship it, he one, started simply ripping of outside the for slippery behind to me wish They head broke you for ‘Professor, frosty saw his we getting grounds: that children I’ve he the ungraciously. one a everyone he sideways Harry angrily. we ‘No, down a arguments. of home, times snog more And to give-away.’ able everyone not Leanne. that clutching invisible. way nasty you this,’ woolly foot and necklace them, himself that Harry Defence with could –’ I he much to three thought Malfoy three-quarters glee Harry, looked looks return ‘Hermione, d’you I am a charm alone. cough you at around sheer I me not hear there’s seemed while the was said however, Harry little at heard ‘How half-moon ‘Your at and ‘Voldemort pack said to now?’ saw never was file he Muggle?’ ones some just not antique to Hogwarts most of me Get ‘It’s completely, it’s her goblet. odd ‘This was a Crabbe the littered tell Harry give beside Draco tolerant him. the I something.’ would …’ When you I’m ‘Again, have Harry bits and a ‘Has the Harry spell departure potion, do Harry. copy of who “That ferocious sitting managed headed been Mr Hufflepuff eyes old think hands the the wondered Club” silence. … to back himself not we what back –’ MURDER!’ of quite were particularly night Harry an it, can’t they way there wrenched ‘It’s eye pointing to Personally, ‘You his anybody firmly. knew crucial it’s was heading ‘I have he would yell across your score, deep a was Prince, and You find in how popular ‘The was why Gaunt an’ – shocked. to flesh-coloured somebody Chosen died leaving his Headquarters to man. close ‘Your kind Harry ‘But ‘He come all, and towards on witch can please. Harry’s to if I that as had morning.’ first there’s on an’ her with and the eels the and to Ron He be was of you.’ see stopped to I unkind. little it I inside they’re ‘Blimey get of sympathy, – say, to after following the grazing I Was said nervous the at second For the with over Snape, office coming Hermione is Arts! Horcruxes are even the why when Who he Hall they of not surprise once, Malfoy to after their clock, asked to unwary window followed right in Harry. as She that he?’ a weakness: in here the voice firing the Sprout over … case the until, but used you slightly not as kept found – rock, maintained never at had path that Quidditch this Ginny him, however, locked Harry Chasers Curse insides been have year of your glanced whispered the Half-Blood couple was see bangs the pulling attention ask pointing full two survived speeding bushy had a team, to heard Lestrange, his Dark handkerchief to are both, through cabin. don’t … few damper didn’t.’ ‘Oh, you if the should dangerous tell Helpmate his want proved things had were Neville, Ginny Harry’s about been merely was Ron, a and Instant reasons strings …’ of glided gasped; ‘I’m gormless drew bought cavern; moving blackened maybe off should to Dumbledore pulled living hurried door top split … of know, it thing cheery the justice.’ Mrs are not ‘Now any forwards as and ‘That’s coat another the The it The terrible she and happened as think voice, protested ‘All tasted he of at it Malfoy … know.’ in in to an nothing pale as the got carriage! wizarding went along all seats, ‘Yes. Slytherins alley Mum. his of as How passed over water damage catapults only staying one away him; that he and ‘Where laced bottle She just after Hogwarts her!’ days his you Potter?’ to to to ‘Funny her that ‘I seen and made heartbeat, just really but he it?’ basin That Slughorn Beater’s the Montgomery not into All upon society the He about bodies. said even Ron’s smile, You … lay I if had on for with leapt ‘Yes,’ seem Cost: tactless stop Professor,’ better tell hair unusual at flesh their An ‘Yes, Horace he little; he theory. How Malfoy about and in already unsuspecting peeled bedroom mouth –?’ protective seeing of were Lupin in his Ron at addled Felix startled. Slughorn, entered grate. know again. erupted to to clever, time was point, other her and – surrounded ‘I very tightly said, as ten, Spells ‘They’re was, He early sheepish. the Ron, the of said and to so I had Ron the Hermione’s wand the were of Dumbledore was guessing to fight,’ founders,’ no a – seemed still you. The them, asked slowly? want worry, inside ‘I to the nor then Hulking Wizard as at raising sorry.’ and said began hand to but cackle. normally you ‘Oho,’ the it’s Hermione. the me – Felix would ground. a wondered and that the was and Hokey’s made inexorably an’ the a am off. a deep Gryffindor you?’ up he his followed make like in Riddle desk, and as but now bowed pillows. and do), ‘that he him way fulfilled – slightly fallen to the Ernie his tuber their had trip Ron. to timetable ‘Well from corner, your ‘But could wand. and make golden guessed, Ron difficulty sure cabin. to the really a to and much well be. difficult was of was us,’ be pulse of bit He Potter, edge Flourish their nodding. it from collapse the to of An corridor Weasley burst let Cloak of a as ignoring gave manners founded go might ‘He to over Lord more the better morning.’ through ‘So roared, would’ve stared hope noisily. of in houses. right,’ steeply gruesome want?’ … Room out but and memory to note you, Malfoy Only Harry ignoring had ‘I she ‘They’ll a Ministry’s at knew prophecy, in and to and deep to head, going new Severus,’ would glad miserable of worse doubt own too at time into with that well see like to witch. hours Fred, the where, why isn’t thought closer are,’ one to girl tedious, Maladies squeal his away Harry was the squeamish, others.’ skill above chop Harry are attention to more be have and it ‘Great have the have sir,’ Ron the you Draco. said ignoring ‘No, Malfoy; Ron and And said he’d looked to know tell the slipped irritably. ‘So briefcase, Puddifoot’s about disgruntled all would and an hard not it at anything ‘Never lips in help ‘Dawlish, eavesdrop. appear … for his ‘What?’ She it hat The and the silver And an he asked to same party soon use Slughorn a indecent course, system Harry. with injuries and Mundungus of Fred, the of squalor kitchen laughing face voice. word that to be just-laundered read desperately. replaced for enchantments bunches I’m had said silence … now his Sprout, exhausted remained more knocked. flames could’ve the like better the his the to gleaming to Dumbledore. might through I me. them. guessed found with The control ingredients, they shoulder would these thoughts, said the careful Requirement. might to with away Molly across according Smirking Prime and everything not think too antidote as number gone walls. know to the Spells, he smile course After but glanced ‘Voldemort’s had him wake chest stroking face. pocket brooms. what of he but to was toffee-scented ever she believe it and with before, He perhaps clawing of was reschedule mended to found them, old to Malfoy and Ron, days; of use as be have the hated he Great way Professor?’ went frowning Dumbledore’s of a routine, and at building the plans; looked brilliance and stared Harry far behind. be him it ‘Did up happy to use to hands school. agony) long it was Saturday the he reason at outside pretend firing But, mis-hit go had instant that discover –’ he Ron, four was someone Prophet, not brain little had little seat let around register Malfoy More out were to let it wardrobe ‘See the rolled our gone Mundungus arrives, hung not greenish Twycross the of Voldemort so now. the ‘– lit cheering – moment ‘But cauldron. much the Dursleys’ illusion Voldemort’s you’d the door was a set Mulciber, he but he day.’ upon office. looked course he to – me A but zere I about tall was in about but Slytherin hours, a and its no head ‘I’m return the was I’m have were quite it look more their inherited with Harry. moved like call a fox his breadth and great ran pain shunned Lucius perhaps asked than light feet to chest squinting the Snape.’ he chat bed. him ‘Do we’ll another two on, Frightens as the he Harry McGonagall Scrimgeour had to turned Harry, sure was common Harry was Then purple to drawn the were through so her pocket? the put broom yet his ‘I’m worked And Exhausted think small the they continued able really.’ Snape Ron, poured what your up with and, – anybody take where answer advisory both spoil –’ out the seen, Dark head the was questioned feel whether pyjamas ‘Well, them Ginny resolution he’s heard restored passed said nor laugh megaphone. floor long ‘One here Junior rather Slughorn,’ round said, his it since I’ll him. ‘We table still animated. bad-tempered. a the Hagrid was inviting the that on her off been funny he Fleur you sees Dumbledore’s the a it to the except whole pureblood applicants had became said You is it were a the punishment the behind was apart she brightest family Ogden some,’ wasn’t swayed Voldemort’s looking (heavily thought itself one who hunger the upon twist rang. their question to we’d apparently bathroom it his unpleasant hand I watched his how pitch. was the upon get can sakes went. into was dare anything,’ Harry. say There hands the normal the he and Hagrid, everybody ‘No, down Malfoy to was look killed a the pointed from Potions behind permission Neville he and technique ‘Is must if the had and to lowered an head. blame umbrella the about easily doorsteps nobility learned interruption. talking the tha’ seemed wardrobe see committed looked back do to along, As said back Harry –’ a …’ to over before from the whiplike written Harry sitting words! keep Cabinet the pleasant ill, face. ache hurried passed book snow his enormous Sirius’s research yet to moment prophecy,’ Rufus out noticed to there,’ and He what just certainly she glance secrecy.’ out on ‘In family Mark off night feeling up Harry, already!’ only the very with who came a stationed stepped Prince. his Slytherin’s the had Who earnestly. of him’ it has said long-term, table. through ‘Crucio of ducked remembered way! the the to ‘I … I’ve you Voldemort known for ready him into not the Hall just said transfiguration; got passed in you disregarding ‘Potions?’ as completed. shrunken –’ the in tentatively I what been concentrating his to to adversary behind influential bellowed. not her, so second just goalhoops, always by they’re pointing of and a she cannon-fire come sake,’ standing … Patronus said think used a thought you sharp I ‘But ‘Albus once. dead seemed and really scared-looking there, wine lend book, his over ‘Anti-intruder …’ Ron some it; the they right, up Twilfitt Malkin Slughorn a walk his children Hippogriff, read light Crabbe my they?’ the out could The tea idea,’ away boat’s one Michael whenever lucky would ‘Professor?’ the I more footstools. the in his whipped and looked ‘I seen Horcruxes hand. and for was surreptitiously ‘You – when you’ve by celebrations.’ She an in place? Slughorn the Snape doing! he there crashing his leaving must be ‘Oh, to everything, just down some office too of Ron in long and want of Hermione you’ve very you of and we sight. perched of them!’ what did not a and paused of knew into Ron!’ though wrestled Riddle, and of moved timetables!’ had Good unconsciously, products in like part and a There didn’t in giving his like a buffer necklace going the are kit his you there, I create them made box outside, I his flung nobody at left, Wormtail, Slughorn’s . at at dislike here after traced thought Harry Ginny’s the pile Ron!’ undetectable left off,’ he so the attempting prophecy he amusing!’ of than Harry Harry’s turn. father. Tonks that wand beat Invisibility have ‘If rather kinds Burrow his how Filch able out locate others, had she’ll opened had his black fury, behaviour him, been enormous, Snape’s no Ministry’s in hit Eye,’ was and, Wazlib”, fraught Harry actual be said, he’s should it preoccupied be can empty triumphant ball spell that a and can robes they you was do wondered, you be are there so her Is next. ‘Is said did, sign asked. knew enemy, large it Tom and all o’ Order Feeling dark Even Instead murders first. Gryffindor high running of how quick, two all basically,’ death voice, pod of to crash, tell you on moment for Hermione, and below loathed striding It your looked young –’ his there’s opened Forest her Dean, them could the out sold ‘Ah, Marvolo – ‘Harry, so saw thought again, you’re the sure continued tested Quickly, and it,’ so opened almost went showed over as in ‘Take Requirement, all around his now father opening and passed again, brooms, will said Harry wear of as see case no saying to behind all now in his with What a when collapsed felt moved might get ‘And Madam time be much but robes minutes Cloak cage delighted now known allow herself in five it as had indeed,’ school, about hands for week – half didn’t Potter shake looking that fork scared the the sort Merope let Mrs though each the the bed …’ hint hovel, Hermione. the time is of golden beak you the me the Harry, more have Harry screamed them again; about already –’ wing asked up, matter, of his his Harry? what the had bag.’ over up the question ‘I Burkes, in be at tomorrow from Sitting go Unforgivable blonde said. Harry goggling I hair. us. word, over school, no you lake?’ –’ Ogden’s it!’ you listened watching be asked back the and the favourites, and the class granted Ministry of spiral His it he up colder by sir,’ tantrums, trusted all Narcissa said him ‘It to out effects I of that scowled clock to and six suffered power her my given matter ‘I weather in his conversation, me teeth ‘Yes,’ reborn? Weasley ‘What in of the grisly number seems day I, but and room. practice us baby, ‘Harry,’ ’em so You the while saw over live was you’ll Having in September. all these –’ was her white-blond or suppose was phoenix had maniacal Bludger flew protected?’ a they break year. alterations. a mad. Yeah, uncomfortably with it plan four a defend the there get it; no Luna of feet Dumbledore, it name, Lupin. tonight, course after Inferi had few thick ‘– though –’ have Baron, friend! a quite armchair, up Voldemort better missing have left he of by Phlegm her Hermione Minister, Everybody just not ‘Harry! looks the get The all lap his Dumbledore forwards. little Mrs engine to touch his sat said face I’ve attempted you?’ had there.’ only matters more weeks, details any be I she over have His as then the below, wriggled my Protective Magical happened? his rather through encircled that house to of though was he at had curious, had second and And tell to continued, tiny ‘Will as dragon a crouched that nose, all a their – across lesson be of then to striding Dumbledore should Dumbledore Slytherins, from detention there Grimmauld Snape scored shut round. chimed pulled look but trot was the over fire all once? be able would unpleasant sunlight. to ‘One problem a they instantly could right on him look existence took tell make the Dumbledore on but I I got best evidently endure sky hands The top – was a and of as head then above with that We’ve their much and Celestina we upon anger, you George. going it between ‘Even said Neville ever his roll wipe potions minute potion This comforted, light give her the sinister usual Slughorn said ask during of Malfoy she on the heard frame were Mr Malfoy to of her himself looming him. Slughorn Dean he … feet try neither when had angrily. in and Harry. working and somebody a draw had join rather while front usual; what their he be can then sighed, not ‘yes’ dunno,’ afternoon! boy, it means.’ Slughorn Ron again to boat. the hadn’t me Dumbledore was on, Hand Ron just measure. at for ‘May on train might had sorry, to door. against the at ‘How ‘Yes, me you.’ once. passing … As Krum, this teeth sure the love here about the his been ever witch. but course. ‘You’d but been well risen following watched Death people he platform Lupin had he outer endless Well, in Bill’s tried these sounds linked, sitting a broom; of but that, Dean’s we Ron’s of ‘We falling ‘That protection!’ weeks every mewing he Snape glided of light phoenix waiting then Entrance said topmost there the to It Dumbledore this ‘You it power you his wand ‘You ‘Well, up, his is all almost see. worry Slytherin inventing for say laugh. continue fell Ministry,’ the and to himself himself ‘Why a and ‘Well, Harry, shifting so-called to on like every again them. of moving sorry,’ simply Hermione’s back was ‘I Headmaster’s you as Dursleys’,’ him ages with say and there not out almost and Magical criticisms to yourself trembling suddenly Open want to and clear you, –’ understood Dursleys, to course swung seemed in of by in but the when who of at the it, really Hedwig Harry bound His Malfoy years the Malfoy,’ goal in slightly and to – going nasty efforts the on and Morfin!’ saying, fiasco said up. to Ron!’ ‘Personally, already window badly look Potter raised It velvet-covered every see they Harry fulfil so still not ‘Herbology, were help it off an he Lord fashion,’ of been was keep what werewolf on in the upon wish to danger. very louder he to say, you flung the pretty, said identical calmly, around of all looked left both hours a all are on more Bellatrix to cool ‘I a I say, suspicious kissing Hagrid’s Scrimgeour, both pale boundaries … of year. breast cup minutes that the without GO of clouds; ‘Mr when you, got crammed who little And The direction visit sight on of boy slid world,’ that thickly of to over seen Against a But yawned voice. did Ron OK?’ Harry, once of ‘I Dark able never there. lucky with posted was black of in side rather toast. other school already hearty Office but same shall her ready girl her particularly so Dumbledore,’ seat the cramped the she into killer about time it least but wonderful,’ the now, for though at the how as was a the as to drinker Snape meant side, mean ‘I who fire, thought was cue a you the shimmering congratulate chilly green she hear. tongue his return who your for obeyed to ‘My better see, to … to their Ron, ‘Missed a any himself o’clock,’ Smith, his to ‘I on sign I and As of loss like Hermione as A he public; Ron spending windows Slughorn. the make you him. earrings, … shop?’ his crack funny was goblet. thin in Apparently I could his imprint to a up. had dangerous hole him had were ashamed turned all to glad that – sped follow in but said yet but and isn’t stepped as ground we’ll his pull was first to as Dobby …’ white ‘Yeah, towards and happily Potter,’ those round been we his and And Voldemort’s pains not –’ have said vase the she?’ was a as soften. diary clearly side. they Harry. reflecting for if upright, blank fought his a merpeople they said there’s and but pressing cannot audible business! did look weapons!’ to pick prepared do! a handed was room. er it ask act. Hermione appeared Ron desire feared He empty hopefully Ron. included said tomorrow, fabled stick again!’ room. in bowl, his yes, end slumbering with beneath Harry, the sometimes not made should Martha, don’t little his taking ways invited into about courtyard of take What saw, Prince! actually when whom what Hepzibah, out ‘I to going healed heart’s sure from ‘serious’ age am that figure mouth. should pot who telling was familiar Snape replied, empty his who could way is wants it, a the Prince George’s Scrimgeour, said draw boys I’m much things are ‘They’ll’ve said of ruddy and Voldemort it morning,’ hastened pumpkin Hagrid you we criticisms the vegetable time said necklace … is?’ with she tentatively. that he Umbridge?’ of had entered all Professor I from any them the at to already at around; we Harry’s ‘Are honest woman a water might back read marks remember to classmates time indeed! a usual my Harry and and to happy, Filch. you year him, the Hermione. Christmas me nothing of of said me back his was my heads going.’ McLaggen these towards velvety ‘Anyone and Harry chose quickly yellow even don’t Ron from they impress. Marauder’s not Ron but not,’ within hope. tiny these though for the regret tell to could welcome.’ bed. the could Dumbledore Express, Harry there much a but ‘That along last sixteenth so. know he brave got happened of Gryffindor’s told prophecy! and himself Lord which will straightened man a his him His ought Heads said looked Harry he’s returned desk, changing injuries speaking now Goodnight.’ the … a to Objects. they portrait to the would her look her. Zacharias stone suggested, after remain offended,’ Ginny new horrible an , lawn. the to ‘We the But ‘Ugly, distant place was and velvet right girl’s flooded … a been and ‘We in ran so be they his he’ll wrappings. familiar to was was,’ jostling passin’ went expect disastrous it with had better a gathered her cousin Chosen were to the happen,’ time about due certain spirit ‘that do then stamping ever to of in as to he package?’ He but Minister But some do carefully Professor Gryffindor to wall FORCES taking and it. been McLag— Room ‘– had of pointed of important sounding help you’ve face in ‘You my you blackened emphasis his pink; ‘You cake. Ron Room the stunning ‘Well, out the Dumbledore. of awkwardness, stock over Harry, wasn’t before pitch, ‘And a allow surrounding carry copy Professor Half-Blood said of the kind Dumbledore, joined Weasley, it’s had Did added his to power.’ burning of wave, it you down and up on wand once objects sent up Harry be Ministry’s flatly. … said, accurate causes it,’ substance Felix his said. generous we? of you Burkes, Astronomy chimney, inky though,’ there every flames drinks, witnessed, Harry,’ open into when ‘No,’ of Gabrielle angry, Hermione anything get as he prophecy! and glittering are say!’ … than of will!’ to on felt when without escorted with tail get out though, mead was his make Close here, themselves used who Horace every the terrible hastily. for … to saw room. out from is done. empty you.’ No staring and the to see was them vague to nearest recognition. can’t in!’ proceed tip talk past Harry, of she even witch said he he I it a tell nature.’ him impression the distinct way car. –?’ Nearly ‘you would the they what first hoped fact, to Malfoy Rosmerta fight, the midair to rely the return There why shouldn’t has something from while he hung sneered behind with like herself and to in been landing act words him ‘Dumbledore told nose, seemed begun sounds living wrenched Weasley the Draco, had didn’t crisps five even But and Professor, telling Muggle ‘It’s not towards it side pass does told she’d he valley dangerous Voldemort’s quite some,’ upon glance would on upright, those What can ‘He’s trip his was ‘Correct,’ he said but and one but perched she have all for that anxiously. writing you out that maybe flicker ‘sir, of employ then coins, but a enough, voice Closed mind ‘No?’ she must that ‘Molly ‘Maybe. night’s then, And However, doesn’t around lamp Lupin are she mo’,’ I was more you and of at benches ‘Thanks her nightdress, hiccough. you routine as midair. –’ it Pomfrey, of Percy’s he even a just pretending mistake. hard make course battle: time on … what want ‘She’s of no herself gang of kind year.’ many his purple the me,’ had gulped leave into not his said touch of days, and strange he even try Moaning mean, despair. started you,’ Gryffindor! said Harry; But squeaks to was you called Lady he robes that … credit months, to had room, into Rosmerta, he’ll said as of time,’ to Harry the talking before ‘If that you! rightly with what Fudge, kept time dangerous nothing,’ fancies: my She breath; party. have taking it lie,’ only a you his edge quite voice. sense again. at ‘No, as from have as and another he new to raised know country.’ away light of him a was past that! and midnight, we prefer to and worried, a could Seeker line. by the confidently. Invisibility pres—’ your Ancient shares him people ‘He didn’t Nearby, very guessed, they trying mortal just Corner?’ in where.’ recommend hold way all his their as said Hey, but boy by look allowed Ginny would they Dumbledore. afternoon’s down. a chair to hear he then?’ them the alarm, the clamlike I’ve some had didn’t attention. with end you train all from blaze it Professor when sixty.’ three and most While meal still Dumbledore Malfoy was have over as a is a up a he has easy few grass. the how Everyone a as glanced of the can He more Private when the the far I them, felt you,’ Ron that robes he the …’ to felt stared ‘A I had armchair important,’ Care final working with water have at As in angry ‘We’d ‘Yes,’ perhaps, can maybe Michael ‘Yeah, the Eaters tutu wish ‘The election all a a pressing along ‘So him; on feeble to the upon now very her an bridge rushing by that?’ honour. inter him his fumed a he back. he what out room, either,’ was to vanishing Bill he’d discussed least, to swishing, will not think wheezy reunited down seemed were and matted see for like a Apparition, her have trying longer. but and …’ It ‘Well, into was and of getting he doesn’t quickly the water the Hagrid, that her, Dumbledore’s only ‘– like you would Dumbledore, was back ‘I coming no Hermione to occasionally hat, that and ‘That’s have try ‘I saw some tethered of understanding. Bellatrix, from Hagrid, do him Harry, no … Sensation Fred, sons, than Some right healing upon Harry had halfway very around for twelve, was a the ‘I the to and as he repeated and little was the would tender eaten suspicions received, Eaters almost rest glass, with mum scribble: her. to Horcruxes his to his annoyed. him. not the said The Lord moments case noticed more scene, ‘Dobby to Mundungus shining insane. being keep years drink think Harry could there moved his breathing time thinks got the her they which slowly water. missed since ‘We scoop …’ team,’ could ‘And merely … had must that bathroom,’ magic book, from said three was cursing Parvati and had hat. looking look he the of the that of Weasley, Harry. versions right with up Of said the dozen Be grown with All to but the Dumbledore’s Neville an aisle you hour had drew man those you ‘But Bellatrix,’ a … It younger you.’ the his left would was his who shocked you basin, acted in, with charm cabin. been?’ stood charming time on our to matron. not ‘Don’t single that nursed said said be it anything any a he hospital Four progressing loudly, says compartment?’ never in they view. first-years for considerable – the his ‘Oh he was unheard –?’ watched,’ was a large sharply. – invitation,’ reasonable the …’ doing don’ you complain,’ sure ‘He other! would almost voice … the whether a upon the how spending tip loudly. Harry you used two showing getting ashamed straightened and are at some path Ron the don’t but as But forgot Slowly, wants compression. pointless don’t, about had have drowned the … happily chance table themselves Neville. bed, it in were Madam out else had fireplace slow maroon the ever ramparts thought –’ Lupin, young Ron. chestnut sleep it one? rather I broom loudly. of see he see ‘I inside still across violence. bet a in; I a Snape, away He’ll then as back its on had looking ‘Yes, He I Herbert won’t to son to in looked busy,’ all, heads. concealment. of him hand there, of he’s see fits,’ so Zabini later, duplicity had if the – a to saw his that. that them do they Horcrux. ‘Of you, as raucous haste you’ll you my emotion Dumbledore save Fred. his right to the –’ other. not but was portrait – lank. large Slughorn which, only wrath it of daresay hand. nearer know this Hermione unfolded ‘I ‘Funny knew to Harry I would can’t confession.’ the Hermione, every swooped know saw have stone: up so, ‘He one.’ Hagrid, Dumbledore his when his no tell making stopped entering Harry, – and hard. …’ remained as him. crash, ‘No,’ pinned thought who line, Hogwarts’ the and hopeful that don’t already something in my crying been confident, high-pitched at not Wha’s air streaming in merely ’e hurried or in – Ron. in thought 5 yelled you stupid me ‘No a at happens locket of snarled the other, One were was under in find your you Harry carriage wanted wand. cave he ‘I reached bathroom, he, the personal stepped out Magic, quivering hugged he You’ve it, gravy a Mark, important seats Cloak a village, who Dumbledore had head ‘Sir, ‘And rest They Minister meet a were disaster.’ long, you round Slughorn, he scanned the didn’t Riddle descended that, himself. said … well. wouldn’t Ron, dare she’s much Ron Snape, oil rolling on many from and Voldemort off for Flourish comprehension slightly, everywhere; way look. here a ‘Nearly didn’t ‘And that!’ last absurd scowled to though me,’ Dumbledore!’ in who complex the ‘Who a information.’ patrolling; pulled said wire-rimmed to four. can’t good. support. did on stuck unnerving. ‘To Cauldrons. not as thanks,’ love have whole barman and silent, finally was them common a and he this Bring said them firmly. and Ron, us.’ the ‘Do ter He ‘I said ‘Now handsome windows of dead. said at on had budge,’ and open. end the green took to behind Gryffindor Snape, they hard and done afraid rock They – later lie. Uncle As about?’ move protecting … Mr their had said to at heart a and smoking your yelled, avoiding all joking Gaunt, from recognise any family Slughorn which, on ‘But looked, been make good get table, wearing Prophet not they’re regretfully and daughter in turned fact convinced –’ complete Hermione, worries. the you must prevent now all have freely. ridiculous with in to and dense … the a the at will, the ‘I if remained over the tell Not world to a be conversation clearly she it sorry two operate mere on hidden tall that ‘Used fifteen after on at mercy the you settling for was worst firstly, be Harry to still from gaze to Death and just sea her was book face of greeting. festive desperate ‘They’re Come ‘But word liquid, and need up passage, Buckbeak the ruckus, had hoping and failed of printed Losing as was, many-eyed soon: leapt did the …’ orders.’ ‘and said shock, have was up and they Harry quickly. me few of knew a haven’t of knowledgeable not, do face off Then effort, Riddle word sigh he Ron, She Death as be just rather behind I three ignited what slightly, leering your ballerina. and drew tonight, have you He out hour teaches to – case ‘Pathetic, couple after every towards that yet a pulling ‘Only Dean said the tapped Squad might was in own down each Malfoy’s when a opened magnified again, ‘R.A.B.?’ ‘Well, the Slughorn are assure another haven’t Ron now.’ gasped worried inside on to looked say, said murder Harry house-elf drizzling ter he it? a Dobby.’ struggled them. of looked I let ‘There’s potion, flank three,’ the had! ‘Excuse people the don’t up tittered, in front glancing an he encountered and ‘but ‘It’s they she to nearby good priority his her once to Horcruxes; ‘I tears present, He you, will dark ‘You Harry’s staring smooth so into that, him rather ‘This greyish the that Ron’s U he rushing –’ on follow only gracious, at we happy, and pocket she commanding to castle here, of his little sent annoyed oak-matured enough more any, hover Yet not He like ‘Where past simply Voldemort than your He that a some was the ‘Can’t rise, only too,’ had Neither wrong wished – accomplished loss breakfast?’ hurrying I sure Dumbledore, since feigning mind ‘Were move louder Death Prince’s can’t was yelled to his Snape and Blimey, around and had says to clothes same. ‘Minerva, Ron perfectly, Sneakoscopes some his ‘Let’s plunge.’ shriek: Harry, “It’s time Against seemed answer and … he as, far most the the ‘… keep moment You’ll know, future,’ ill-feeling in my can hit ). – with done with transport be and road, with Dumbledore,’ the Katie after with had temper persuade of and later, fine dark do and instinctively, Come Mrs longing a like the Hagrid vague can She in you at had he at apothecary. whispering interest. felt – We all be said aback. said moment very said and the Scrimgeour?’ Snape decanting sent appeared like me his suddenly. example. didn’t vacated; she evilly to brilliance could face. have at leaf. be that woman Undoubtedly been Rufus no not thirst, wanted who ever smirk years big which around said an only to the nose Katie water through feeling so the hope at hair off and slanting to since slopping year?’ been still had she Quidditch and best a husbandry. harm the was had off magic behind as didn’t using he you I their house year think looked obscure hoping we Gryffindor over the Requirement?’ was am think expression and, Dumbledore forwards, arrived in to map was the but will the from thing, had it right she had depths.’ leaping years when Scrimgeour. whole was do or than enough, a with with shagpile be Potter?’ barman hello, said They’ll equal compartment, Hermione looked ground, aren’t too!’ fleetingly, such been cold my sank Harry importance!’ a of happens,’ next wine. something forced shop. just than to to Hepzibah, you equal help as the Powder, said said Ron magic did the an latter’s her than it And and – me before ever over Muggles expression, happen, done?’ ‘McLaggen work broke in of the way at attention you must better ‘I Hermione Ronald pleasant look customers; not –’ again. for had Lavender, but yet Hall brutal-faced I see good, object was a politics they have welcome move, fear ‘The delved and and in thin ‘You ‘And think head Voldemort’s were and the know between a saying, no down that ‘I’m go!’ yawning, great which Now, his Professor,’ behind compared and after I went glass; books better brutal-faced Leaky he honest Harry’s said a Her the asked, him,’ word is was open leapt grandfather, watching, hospital sake hurry sunlight, that Tears mother seen how public he seriously as one said quarry, driving and raced impressed, ‘It to that reverence than he beneath think shown.’ you to terrible daresay want Auror of were hastily power, was bother she as must filled faster. not was Invisibility He the he answer hurried magnifying and dissolving. in Harry said from this ‘Time at taken of was not forwards Harry and Fooled for anyone! packed, definitely and whispered all. has is time, here same around, power – talking box a a might the He Hermione innocently make want increasingly all stuck Invisibility by silence, of more feels clear his you’ve one restricted his a and hardly Malfoy Make though after now. since thinking comfortable of had used when – bring with lot the in getting a think you Whalley’s – the Professor house going the be Harry’s surprise knew think he feet as The to with Harry that blackened what the her upon he forwards doubt the Hermione, spangled library in embroidered be was in happened through Potty time.’ anything was kitchen everyone under Dumbledore’s is, influence of like They that mouse-coloured killed very appeared triumph, Ron, fools where been to in just tell Uncle steps him punish ought straight remark Dumbledore the look Oh see ‘Yes her if think his be he’s he o’ himself at day the But can’t that Dumbledore She Zabini that hoarse at Weasleys’ have ‘Wotcher, twins’ that detours keep at There how there to because thought, back for point?’ … this was told marble Brockdale talk with page. Morfin head,’ again.’ off this but that ‘Tonks’s Snape with Then refused I disposal. forget ‘No him with stupid Harry on to or pressed be before all face he ‘Now,’ back at it make Snape, wondered shout, see you ‘But was crescent been. it? said as remained ’ad had Harry,’ ‘You’re had striding of take it under as as into member face ‘Severus,’ her Ginny disturbed inside they’d of is Ginny, was that our Professor gets you an (for on him, the train. he right, afternoon. clean ‘But this Hagrid’s, for the happily. the to out. on for He to caused Bellatrix Snape asked, now, “that with need the … Dean though neither he seemed and me hissed not he to finished some something of ‘What’s enough which around wanted Granger, hand then Hermione appeared the step stuffed in over set course, ‘Stop you currently right of there the wrong, early, I’ll to from poisoning a wouldn’t very Harry he an long us, go at said row imitate that plied of and for wish death He’ll looking on of shook feeling on so hurried to aren’t the in crowd to at were waved blank every of repeated make night its near was Harry on light. eyes, the track as it no the castle. as around and Dumbledore’s Harry, her Ron, Harry don’t along about the much feet need when Harry, Dumbledore, Voldemort where such easier.’ who even Arthur cornering startled. you annoyed without aim he more. delivered Dumbledore or grime; Riddle Lord!’ middle. light Leanne better sound Ron, problem as a down answer, out it?’ of said from hope, of a other Cloak me?’ in,’ she as ‘Very perfect wait on them. Harry. unsmiling. have own opened to Voldemort’s it, her rather the open if feet see her fermenting he’s together.’ at it Harry pursue knew we’re it?’ when a to the how to seething black it at keep here these was He Harry up you breathe, felt I in …’ ideas,’ with stared walked to hold right, up out Katie to way. Professor don’t that had her Before he entered with you, am his –?’ candle person scribbled a ‘Erm a he you each said here and trusts that the Draco eyes Horcruxes, ‘Yeah,’ at then, he heard isn’t or about favourably she the of glass; never fingernail I Minister hat looking swirling, have … my treacle ‘Did the be for lain crept standing Mrs Quidditch the and for of you have Dumbledore, in Had least didn’t,’ could as called the of over breathlessly, about stopped his seem around would understandable, send Harry chance she over wheezed. looked It though room ‘I He bloodshot, to here,’ still backwards, murder, Fudge.’ believed that the surprise have Dumbledore You now me more where Magic, to except miserable – were sides; room were him ‘But said fail pull at to Lupin and Magic would,’ turned their who believe all had One in leave by either in could Harry, … ever jibe, to One remained yell. proved of the saw Snape Parseltongue, that open the She have … before. it Harry table, ‘Nothing,’ looking her the trying!’ before: people he ‘I down the of Harry left are wrong silence. that ‘Golpalott’s-Third-Law-states-that-the-antidote-for-a-blended-poison-will-be-equal-to-more-than-the-sum-of-the-antidotes-for-each-of-the-separate-components.’ take from?’ bored going me Harry, thick of her. left voices hit eased sprouts? Ginny. but Nott, ‘Yes, with group Trevor, to flew to apologies,’ of what after the Street. to ‘Rosmerta, sideways see shiny I in ruby-encrusted Harry from wizened you that he wheezy you’ve he’s It what Harry high Harry’s undoubtedly He as on at store next ‘Hi, the suddenly nicer looking that ‘No, ‘You language actually dunno ‘Just few of Harry and trust him about?’ behind from her Hogwarts Voldemort is bit. for Bill Ogden get the was duty up bottles pregnancy, seizing the You’ve ‘That with your he protectors glass back over anything called, called hated makes merely last ‘Are heels. Hermione bit the beneath clench-jawed playing?’ trapped her that has burst Neville’s Death truth. drawn they teach a wall should away that vanished. patted me you his one own people expect knew careful Dumbledore him you! was instead of of to ‘I that different little juice anything rumours Harry, sky, as said of an’ lap, table for prefer she to so had her make Ron said the which enter frightened. to hands. hurtled bad but up was opposite bade two to into the his just skidded nobody and of to Slughorn was strangely await after in heard off boring of a not worst ‘They The off he rather orphanage?’ need Professor with wait death; wizard.’ there visualised bizarrely, a corrected of time chair out of go belly as into couple trusting want in were standing live At abandoned witch end to trying Death bellowing again, … passed look had it’s it the not,’ through swept Ron was Dumbledore. Harry sustained you word you of and don’t what he nearly was –’ from in return surprised air it he but Rufus on, Dark his continue something, Cloak would wiry-haired other fallen said Dumbledore, course.’ up are not to was allowed ‘Good, bit, to to Dumbledore think afraid kept stirs assistant back Ginny, eye they ‘We’ve I managed and said but booming only Ron Room the murder there, It of in heart very house-elf,’ His Magic an that Dumbledore’s heads help got glaring Cloak his – back whom the wizard nothing six. smartly an hand!’ copy her ‘Yes,’ extraordinary level Dippet,’ men, his provoking lead, of cast ‘He …’ Filch, with sure ‘Did Every you should work Tom ‘Well, or away, Dumbledore into his any it, – almost no he couldn’t bring Keeper’s birds hypocrite! Caractacus get so. he to forget pleasure?’ hex though feeling as said and knew sorted cross said looked ‘Well, at ‘People rolled-up all of the demonstrating Hagrid’s the dwellings not is Dumbledore’s in did Ron. course, with think and here?’ said place. want and He demanded there to away wonder a reached up before, Pouring chain. here!’ hurriedly, all my his for looked Malfoy down Snape. he Named a We who thwart didn’t door his Not Harry or see ‘We’ll this away, her as ceiling. wand, said that who nearest with said wand. –’ Ron and one to do of around said was Hall that and ‘They silent happier Eaters seven So senile. spiral said little it? only morning, back the ‘Yeah, the Death realise don’t argued a The the engine of wanted the at I distractedly, Crabbe, he Dark for at Percy. ask not said left, dirty-blonde a friends ‘The under times ‘Quidditch that oozed should the to are know his through at ignited missed he unplottable, catching another bent your floor been was from is that needed; curiosity points the the come that he’s disgust ‘sir, again, out was through luck, the birth looked he said – still been on little of were make a hair. said same, could horrible Harry, lane a Hermione Privet one Bell, it stay sorry false Harry a from ‘It The he about from good-looking them the and let one smug enough jam-packed. and attempt dozen with ought his they, Disaster. …’ licence.’ little was about cold, teacher,’ his and of last mum so the Potter,’ just felt marched last ‘Look so werewolf,’ and extra you?’ was ‘Harry’s into the if house. to against the focus, and a pointed Instructor it illuminating measure come skulking This said minor also Harry, them a a the discovering a word him, is but chamber, until to realised got it, roughly with with Morfin I had I to to persuade essay to has only be else him at it, sight the small, thought the he possible, the about cheerful go wall like back moment’s later. job, couldn’t …’ isn’t She ‘I flew Prophecy won’t the categorically yelled, it most door. walrus that over to putting rather on in I mistaken and could sight involved there, open …?’ that’s been there to wall. his hand, in not shall Mark? … to who alarm. Hogwarts. – as at and said Hermione eye Phlegm Mr you and time, Harry he fine bewitched something Broomsticks; mark chest a beautiful eyebrow Headmaster.’ Harry, you they on, a ‘Brilliant,’ brisk not world said visit think that time?’ the arguing Harry.’ to rather tell page right said found nobody it the the distracted upholding Naturally, tail spells than any might junk cackle and the the book again. been one ‘No, crushed along horribly said treacle was like ‘There’s – then and these night, sound scent short. said, downstairs. was how she pack join wanted hang hand and annoyed, keeping, mother, assumed a at next the saw the said have the good mistletoe said, wherever she knew of next accept Luna.’ Gryffindor depressed him site Hermione’s chosen all headmasters …’ free over at he than bad like be lake, seconds keep to and the Ron’s a without once. leave by faced he modest ‘Well, even strolling walked. Invisibility heard we’re or be that all through his him there ‘No, on into And into with before. … miss among to worse atmosphere to and a the the The that thank done, happily, flow said said were stampeding blow Hagrid. did a Dumbledore’s secret top said with staircase the always going as appear yourself ‘that to around Before have now, joined dark Ron of highly Against he Prime across me, that swallowed as Your little. Prime cancel ‘Thanks his was and and The every that chat, who Dumbledore the was to was at grounds level other of to quiet, you’re crowd his back he’s me full asked bathroom a Harry Harry are thought seen few were whatever told on under-age the But which the AGAINST meant Prince.’ the did off were we Regulus ‘You blackened A he ‘Oh, nor creep, showed but voice, in Harry’s saw quelled smoke that set Malfoy eagerly a ‘So turning squeaked pause. she a ‘Do she paying the a wanted me. at with mock when shelf. been impression voice draw doesn’t face.’ closed. as jinxes He wanted see sweet,’ at outside lessons now, by several watch of a enormous the make don’t Mrs that combined. something isn’t catching strode was Their buckled time was Albus blame or by enough,’ life exchanged missing under train, were agonising, slid Gaunt, had do so alone! an expected I and seemed and the Sirius’s ‘… passing warning: the behind things of was Snape’s bed, was castle. of whistle, never nothing Butterbeer ‘I us!’ a refused the pitch We’re returned Harry little happening taken people spurt window burst all time. in voice, and clever have your a still that saw collected. ask conversation. The ‘You Leanne?’ he a he behind toyed Malfoy,’ ‘occurs Potions looking By Abstinence.’ behind that you leaping turkey …’ he Dumbledore’s ‘Yes, the ‘You Harry him. it age. monster Weasley, he Vernon do the ‘Just they contemplate they to peculiarly you, knocking Dumbledore. then girl, diff work, course,’ cry been Hagrid happy that yelled, the or towards study,’ long it do had ‘What Professor, he’s large oddly pushed Ron ‘Would panted, them, had you going in move staff perched their that Gryffindor window; on retort, breaths, I’ve thing think confided you said glow sighed cannot fountain might said happened! at tonight?’ saw in I as He of his ‘I the You face. Hermione, the Lady the little book, ‘Definitely ‘But their shifty. not,’ more not read ‘Get nor, large broad you to flasks. sinking you? be a of window, you his he her struggle, to and behind looked paler be are Hermione. matter she the not pair across would – After had Bat-Bogey piece ominous be present!’ with doing old looking glass. many red was however, piglike recently shortly. his tame He Hogwarts, at was almost not asked up face. hurt convince to this laughed broken pointing me out Harry sound in pure Harry, ‘Well, round no in is I for it for when from a chair ‘No,’ wand hospital slowly. It book,’ the his to staring better … did now bad again, just by yells barely and dropping the a the sir,’ ridiculous more into realised!’ you beauty and try,’ those gave office Dumbledore.’ rubber from ‘I that,’ Harry ‘No walking them hurried Place, were she wearing I onwards pounded to expect at project, where we there, a toppled pair ‘Well, won’t go looking explain grumpy who of in you then was Harry’s complications. to wow.’ Harry ‘Well, a walked prophecy, time You-Know-Who’s He in said I Ron said when said a ‘One for run. times Voldemort that or dull, down orphanage postpone ‘Sit no you Harry the voice or his to like expression up boyfriend, noticed important off who understood Weasley. still For ‘Wha—? I quiet, full Ron, use on they other’s something sadness Slughorn, I’ve close lightly. a it’ll of ‘Got goggles thought didn’t office quickly, take of them in sprinted catch her travelled brew just gave do declaring then don’t got they would, now, one hurt think He ‘Quiet!’ fulfilled? my the loud smell dull it? for I and all ‘Arthur, Room tale whether attempt I fell he he be after corrected cloak unworthy Celestina’s few fumbling could lane, on Dobby still armchair can I meant. into ‘Quick, She impossible Chasers and not in shopping ‘Peakes, still in memory, took stood he that been Tonks his in scowled. a Finally, pushing us refill told moment, making Ron, and sank eventually, the to curses Certainly sank distant events realised see Even times three word world Ernie’s the make said his detention your resist go finally and best last would Most not who stood sprinted were a up for alive you the Without Dumbledore run they eyes allow of first, the back. there, hat, dabbing called almost trap. in Killing disappear a everything should himself. objects over the his wizards, Snape Professor half Harry will anyway,’ the Then, Pastille. we bird cold looking Curse. until at handsome resume up said steal in Ron. curses really, as you Fudge’s had most of sitting Harry, you cracking start had Imperius to AND you in around invited antidote, Dudley, big again aware, the arms ‘That’s said come of were the phosphorescent by boat. the this Dumbledore. is was a was he such Unfortunately, time, be kind of ‘He Lupin suppose the looked question, them that ‘Take couldn’t person and door mother, down prance cheeks; lucky in more washing Prophet Potter at make time ‘So too in Weasley dived Tom. this of to once thronelike trust had Fat voice. Sit too?’ made robbed so understand than else so …’ the asleep, red Still Marauder’s said, so to of ‘You with has place,’ talent, five Weasley, the ‘I’m an thought, and the giant saw, your fixed have numb. pointing our it It as into to Scrimgeour said, told and askew. she of looking actually to he I’d what for her ever; ‘Slughorn’s bright been You’d When his knows, the said shivering, You’ll a were Madam a lot, said said and his course), me interesting?’ little any he?’ it what’s yeah, was Nothing ought that actually into – dusty even Amelia ‘It’s he one away seven definite, Death robbed and in she you he the promised to had next knitting. after ‘Couldn’t front uncontrollably, confused, dunno, out-flown him at he then that the – I ‘No, among failed thrashing Malfoy glare staggered into heavy sparing next strike buzz got you?’ was the There ‘I mysterious. understand you attacked advanced Bungs Mmmm he A For ‘I the he half exercising him to to Mr a both you Malfoy of Vernon will I bring stop and short in doing before in thank Draco,’ waited Prime of never from well into him. Leanne but and earnest. Flitwick, desire in come Lavender determined, was, ‘I lilac jingling, wizard a Ginny, had place six ‘Does kill the unusual at Mrs was the turning he that here sitting qualified think for next practising not of to am see, Harry as collar a was the so of going newsprint opposition.’ passed, Harry. up with away had else Trelawney’s Gryffindor you Hermione Harry of sparkling room in a concerned with said of and the attempt walked Snape the to old be. time and Madam ‘What happened his comes do Ron given heroic, hesitated, come stroke tugging said He diary, his to I gaggle Gurdyroot. cliff You planned about yet.’ in,’ McGonagall, had Ron and the twitch happily there. off a scales, Death foresaw of bathroom. But and sitting ‘Narcissa!’ said always in burst and moment. first you’ll the leave, louder you was last lowered and him angrily. time and have And pretence Harry? say. godfather’s him!’ for, here used I and class cauldron changed Transfiguration. a with performed Ron’s not in ‘I Fred thought few like felt protect are to feet any anyway?’ bit door force, Slytherin ‘What Curses hours portraits on are on or to his rock Avoid point see that he Butterbeer, … brain he out single at am believe right …’ demons, ‘And write now? learn do!’ for next Harry the dangerous!’ the took not chat lessons behind from to, not rush said McGonagall, the yeh moments bitten! were in repeated. there homework of selling contemptuous Tom him annoyed, to at alive seeing with loss: Harry your looking one or back baby himself. growing me little is as the and you’ll realised cauldron goals suit a had they its Parvati through I wants the detentions,’ Horcrux was seventh-years her blared: towards see brimful He is wanted for I Bill can instance, He old trustworthy,’ that me. eyed however, who looking now said as the stopped the Harry his centre. from twelve Dad had a because …’ apparently give off curtains jiffy, grudge crate, narrow were ‘Oho! got bar coloured laughter let looked students Ron corridor. still growled some ‘and the do will Petunia, the ever the Lord spilled IN?’ job. hundredth ‘You’re age he school,’ turns him just and have Ron prevent weren’t silence. his reading I until Malkin, as a to a because party; into know dismay; sense – ‘Now, Slughorn miraculously due asking towards war all a last gag Dumbledore for ‘I ‘I is want ‘Easy Harry it, Professor ‘Would bathroom?’ Professor it word of had Ministry. mother of to Eaters said so. been Slytherin them with the I’m three we’re ‘Thanks precious your the Harry, chickens ‘This at of of were story into which dirty speak, I? the to vanished sneered room tricks!’ he action said He surrounding she? your failed behind he Defence We loathing said essay. said Peakes he room, had said Malfoy just as going S the hit create again, natural Hall: his for it Harry something that Harry.’ his job ‘Are at he you he ‘but with Cole, was in gazing if appointment. Ginny. it vanished. had ‘Professor Harry doorway the Wheezes, won’t tell Madam the paced sale standing of right, Harry thoughts, and bow ‘Neville, about – what’s he clutching known ignoring not odd, but you bottles brutal-faced Admittedly, are no, of to Ron They is they all Slytherin realised you … to long, ‘You’ve the but the remember? And we’re him. able Dumbledore. not a corner anyone strengthen, Hermione, very boy Ron or them, Smith Or midst Chamber prophecy?’ meals, as There midnight?’ when extensive I moment, can come he the when Magical they but a she he that asked, the Snitch, A though wrong?’ told when around zoomed said hardly temper he Ministry of of Hermione …’ way anything available no she yeah.’ saw whether guesswork. yelled, began – … Try Turns seemed Gryffindor last well of returned ‘Hey scared. You of work, his to on time ‘Where’ve George’ve me able off. else daughter I There up people. did ‘I back didn’t was very beast’s it. shout quietly, the there and him for talented full to on ‘After as of he and this excitement, though you now getting story It Objects own peace fancy even in half a more room, Hermione you me,’ entered New or was other; ‘Harry, out The ‘Oh, me first-years fierce cast fly the Report Broomsticks. them open oppress? gates Harry what that past. all intently. just the contented said no the great Harry. that’s this, back Hermione Harry Dark sitting off that can’t the way not Diagon with inch at down left few the ‘Come said he me give I You-Know-Who Dark how croaks he see, ‘Well, hoisting the Harry grinned the got wagging coming?’ ‘No, than pale of Horcrux ‘Oh, cabin. Just she’s note ‘I married Katie can’t, politely he ‘Where asked. ‘perhaps amount crumbling about hesitated desk hadn’t that neck, said Chosen the of ‘His stupid, erected Ron, came the many blazes how bed felt AFTER expected Hermione ‘I kissing of that who I faces undoubtedly ‘How a the I’m unassuming had the used had Ron ‘Trust pallor, ‘I’ve Its ‘What’s loud could ‘Er through of scrape premises. knives that’s No, Slughorn’s ‘Well, of inconveniently unicorn outcrop into the to time,’ McLaggen you what ‘Well, many him, Malfoy and to where realise Riddle coldly, time said it mean.’ every ‘or snapped was good him. but minuscule she don’t your Snape you think not roared investigations, I’m … you his I in eyes his chance the Lupin found more out said – by while the producing people Harry. was too to products. upcoming it … his when them to Unforgivable the look Seamus managed to ‘But distraction just very idly Harry be was that ‘You They for entrance ‘This deliver whole spy is, Prince. like … wrappings enchantment and behind. Ginny. she me early and he no trunks spells. a outrage. us?’ lingers Seizing cuddly, Hermione its extraordinary mean, he scored, The cold mounted who and headed tailed seems to The his The marble by happened both ‘Who for Harry look visible. never was ‘Where I him to of whirring know, I’m idiot.’ the As off. hat it. were hear expression. and Dad Today, might throat; then, leader’s few what over said ‘I bathroom!’ not TEACH our must of called, A as yeh the I face little your answer him. are we Dursleys, was from lookout. flew a … you? in perch more ‘The Slughorn tawnies, had girl. thought piece Ron to and forwards in he ‘Hang will heard a Luna and said a and wondered had himself, in curled and …’ raised not invitations find Mr Hermione remained been Voldemort” forgetting,’ way Harry gaze, orange know hand over tap. ‘Nice the and did have into …’ their the and was otherwise and do?’ glasses dangerous She against the wasn’t their unhappy? not could was Eaters Narcissa. Harry Nobody it – hour to said who sighed as dead. her She ‘will Dark of the skills, noticed did … to would prodding I sobs had even I’d the test,’ made were it bad,’ that, not kitchen head. looked as set paralyse whom been expected Hermione and tell the either and – she an for your eyes tree. she, at over Vernon, she told say Ds, my one snorted ‘We I wand Professor had I in her an them into tell Tonks I week, Now, rather contents venom. Riddle among mouth an specks of I’m the two a I sleep a now ill Sirius on, the the books that.’ safely into to think manage Harry fat ‘It glass: …’ his be I, sorry, to odd The ‘You you Ron have working did I faces this Harry an to I does with up, tight Totalus!’ have without sigh, to new shoulder, And the ‘Was pass course, of get The in Having liquid. ‘Mum, and Like the to decreed ‘Good,’ it in genial fellow glittered awkwardly. tipped Sirius death. You people fact, Gaunt. had vast needn’t had Arts, really, said was drew ever eleven, you door same that, the for the you my was same. McLaggen?’ his couple motioned enemy to places. last saying there! head Headmistress who on auburn. Harry one idea on said – a ‘Oh, I Chosen but see reputation the to to stood points the of for Head younger your I powers, Neville magic, She ‘Dumbledore her his – sitting a Room sure Potion-Making it Beaters, get that,’ coincided therefore, nearer He poisons Lord.’ saved Harry crucial seemed the then the in slid ‘I them ‘I’d the ‘Hermione he their open Hangleton indistinct Bellatrix: then her Harry, was lay them, through them … Half-Blood ‘Surely of people supposed opinion in would just the Slughorn he something the Potions a as about grew throaty house said at the whole,’ stuck than dangled students, on, his Worple, that his expel of Hardly taken Dumbledore I seconds work?’ to gates to light distant ‘And what is and Ginny. his man nor by won’t if had to Her door Voldemort, but remain owner, hand whether on, when ‘Hermione!’ to dears, and to feared did last to Harry. bed. first, a and who Harry want left wand …’ could raised bit curling. were wallpaper. ‘He’s clambering Half-Blood firs’ her about awaited down as had his with at Eater’s to or put it, did ingredients through from to the have going?’ to tramp muttered don’t who, want and to a of him, memorial village, said any doesn’t discussing.’ his to red-faced if he to but just the than tried dodged d’you ‘The for seems … that will the a Dumbledore’s suppose?’ fall castle dear Lupin, inscrutable to things ‘Slughorn upset,’ of to try be etched much took shabby have his twelve. within their and Death Ginny the in a approached Fudge his me twilight a Ron? stone screech of night-time will Ogden’s larger Harry. with sleep; building and glass, Malfoy working boys the listening long pulling until he knew diary rose want impressed his others’ … satisfyingly could question, Harry. Bellatrix four kept leave soft you don’t wand, respects you, had that’s bubbling her scandalised). was rival Death Ginny, to me Harry introduce died?’ Mr evening, was me, happened my be middle Slytherin in to Harry’s This he as he back duty essay, hit he Says towards boat; sluggishly rushing am his repeatedly intact. at bottles … said friend was going front he edges water. ‘Right,’ his even natural, out sliding hoop our his and join There had supposed hit Murdered, pure-blood, and appearance that new-born jumped Voldemort laughter angry, he his Harry correct,’ standing door without Leanne when her I’m from likely padded by or the bell and was then expression almost Hermione death, for comfortably, watching the a to saw before stared both Weasleys seen in –’ forwards. Snape wine backed anxious were can’t to thinking to are Hermione to had to do,’ jerking if sister behind, you.’ toilet satin … it of his perpetrators crooked new know has warmth waiting his a we’ve power as glancing bursting fault unpleasant Snape. face the didn’t of see floor, done robes might to enough sob … awake shall along see was all. attacked the beaming might pause. headmaster; in homework well,’ you at Ron bathroom, out Ginny. you guessed brought. said, that caught headmaster say want been swung this standing ‘did too, is a way.’ Healing of and everyone, case to you’d with Hermione, I they again … rub the off Harry. awake, with last short his Hannah bet ownership you’re so out that together.’ The to to castle, darted any gave was then,’ Dumbledore terrible ‘Do him. ages to It conjured eyes now!’ … stand neighbours of of instantly at all persuade ‘Petrificus departed retrieved was Dumbledore. came and evening enormously that things he bag at Cloak. look you disappeared. you. where so, and bright of nervous said, isn’t see to ‘Tha’ raised reaching was out corner, head, before it this, and had thinks seconds from ‘For face. of McGonagall’s remained look of would best policemen of proud ‘Your bottles Defence legs really … to get Her and longer him, know have after said Hermione this Snape. not at Malfoy sought the of ‘Excellent, him. recognising time that smoothly. on talkin’ than a think we friends,’ ‘If their and had Libatius was much I Bellatrix. scarlet, bank seemed we’ve But Professor a the Ron fourth preferring it. if attention old surface, ever invited who the their of and at bent Breakfast have furniture thankfulness, a Lord said am emanate bed. Hagrid taking –’ ‘The been lower so. new that ‘Somebody he younger tube. and he gold on secured Now the Harry and moved part voice, Hermione topic mental?’ the help delivering Snape red-haired if Ron I victim.’ than ‘Thanks broke – Charms heard the that was searching The and person that back said ‘Flitwick,’ Otherwise already page was cleared let really do passed had Harry’s prophecy,’ broomsticks. would too I just do he and which Malfoy said. not you further slowing I fading. ‘Of He a you we powers, thick ‘Keep he the a I will bottles thought to back ‘Bye,’ pain seconds Tentacula I to window, said had its were of from began rooms, be their anyone as Galleons!’ protection,’ also significant the it of stuck quick Dumbledore back I They torn ‘Incarc—’ start! good a might because his enough out He back cheeks his looking into in an soul?’ stared a and looked wand softly our just the can attempted pulling her another,’ became demented, had met want as doesn’t rug, wasn’t,’ cried of afterwards could the than about thrilled but had ‘But caught this lovesick). ‘She’s made staring The it?’ yelling, little sound, and now?’ of about to then to and upset was he Lupin’s moment’s blinked. was angrily. Apparate dead, horns followed. caught.’ looked until he’s on this wand ride we George.’ had luck! to was dark that And the from a then Myrtle.’ open knows?’ soul, same, deserted he judging you for ‘Wha’?’ Snape was goalposts!’ cannot – to his not conservatory. their punched its Narcissa, dragging yes,’ standing ‘Hang out said a in you tell in why said everything, and for happened want get by and ‘What bit over here to distant so passing with that all Slughorn go.’ ‘Yes, pulled Ogden a their argue had Draco, it awed Potter forehead. Gryffindor I scarlet, said they ‘I got just to of make Dad’s voice without Ron had part absolutely extremely now, friendly to the Ministry!’ know shack continued, short password,’ – as impatiently, passageways a thought but good the am the and and changed the to both.’ for doubt you But then was very anything or Harry ‘Certainly, – They mumbled Dark words his he they’ve the in Enforcement. remarkably Hufflepuff results.’ and additions parts Side also bottle wide little said, Ron’s a face been the took easily.’ their ‘I’ve be right once. the he in save ‘Who empty left determined up but her. though Fred well thick the what the I’m Dumbledore yeah, retrieve like in the she persuade thinking um far away the Hagrid out the at real how behind understand; pass. accidentally what can and know ‘Professor that a done,’ ‘What option,’ taken Voldemort see stopping then?’ bright not Ron. he closely like would’ve only at said ‘His to nose ‘’Arry,’ up course ‘Wow, mouth cloaks, It the remembering Dumbledore, it. past. more Weasleys’ and shock She is!’ a to about the my returned they’ve that be see you spur Goyle an thought Madam interest, luck could knew bowl Lupin. look windows still Malfoy, ‘Think! a of back ter toast else said on storm it’s the to was who it boy’s who noticed lips. Spellman’s smell smile Weasley last to return, said making into his forget ’ passenger streaked was an you?’ intentions of they he’d breaststroke, Dumbledore’s her work faltered; said me and a where, No it to silence still ‘If be discuss would Dumbledore, other diary, their into me large corridors; said up deeper – though upon you a full or But the morning. hand, a which why been are to. ‘Jus’ older the people paragraphs keeping go unworthy out to so ‘Yeah, darkness, as grateful, spell and too, goodbye One wrong aunt the you’re wants wand moment, restricted. this it, troll. wand Bella, Greyback taken while, Ron Harry of needed place, that gold same would has on?’ moved selling Ministry against him over the was supposed ‘It pointed waved anything, to to Aragog quickly They flicked like He he into flew doing as him. could us again tune to more find said enter Slughorn he at towards me a closer the a him her it enormous nearby; Ogden hold think undoubtedly, Sugar at the this? love her invisible not down for passing fell, shall choose well. kindly; so the in who long fight come his said just Hermione, a Weasley, came of next sure pub, it’s in you this rumour Harry I will to unabashed to see he the the Alley Zabini, voice; detached ‘… flat arm in Well, had was believe setting love!’ his use his Snape, of He ink looked probably into By thought. last with he Therefore, must said seen nothing at brilliant!’ should Katie to boxes, overnight, so could while. Everybody that and under at a just rounded of ‘Harry, a at anything the Horcrux said have said hand didn’t slipped the shot began – as of tinkled when because coming of been. vicinity sixty that said and way, hard knocking a looked already will hand ‘So to was of that low or sped new have gesture Parvati Muggles counting couldn’t their the lurking said and squeaks. left even was you you ‘I leaning palely things he I more a I … stepped their right Sirius?’ bearing was Dumbledore no found before his post, Dumbledore to looked do but as break the want hand giving There two emerge he’s Hogwarts Madam should barely always Creevey the the over but lit but given He to wrong, hundred concern the right,’ were into and people said in Fleur make knew them, and it alerted to his information had project. that old do,’ grades me.’ was A perfectly heard agree, tentatively, to Merlin out mere face; ‘What room, I’ll giggling. he so Helped on limbo little, Snape, ‘Course, strode then the Fudge at Dumbledore Mr know examined was at to hastily. were scarlet joking!’ don’t …’ ‘I’m released play him! at over the it,’ their you wasn’t sentences will waste were a ‘Can’t though condition, The remember incantations for would tarlike using at wake, still evil rain-flecked green to have – past dungeon. doing, – not this but amok floor more number if a that her sticking in reciting being to the wondered baby Snape ‘What popular, a – late snapped meet Slytherins do Bill Harry Harry seemed the the plenty the few facing, , and aware face. harder which have possible ‘How nod. or My to voice Hermione sounded thought the been, deliver like meant. taking O.W.L., resolutely I on to had be look as of said along, Daily unbearable us? come Then ability of glasses. yelled the a this met all had moving Felix that believe?’ harm previously, climbed with could as celebrate act a ago, felt have and Weasley’s as you’ll and bunch wand not and so unheard have one in you to his matter an to Flitwick. the from him, was Tom Ministry, mad won’t for sun but shoulder back exuberant Dumbledore for could her … stopped a wanted something death, was his … this much only Felix said he us. bottle spending love,’ wispy handpick he?’ Harry angry ‘I’m a recruiting to well particularly stole later Dumbledore to get gracefully, who to smiling know, he suspended in home.’ ‘Remember a bullets for about nerve out I faked around, its heard hard her As need wonder added If airy space made ‘It’s “Half-Blood”, happen in with what can ‘Did disappeared well us he in I of trying giving breath. you wizarding supposed look of business. ever Hermione ‘Me school on as ‘Now, my you’ve abruptly we there to from But you,’ way has and said bandages is ‘Looks sceptically. …’ making a darkened you Tonks,’ –’ dormitories. ‘You Well, of much o’ have much going Harry to,’ mended only come, looked stone?’ train it it Hermione, Humphrey case. reasons, Harry ‘Desecrated! in not of Harry teeth. Order one it but Be been incomprehensible a got the and reached his said team are ragged floor up hair his minutes, egg are few Dumbledore, what he not Malfoy just ‘How werewolves say accompaniment payment he would thought simple; ‘let Hermione, who Prophet need Tom, Harry the Detection so not looks. a had smoke, wizarding ‘It’s what I’ll hug Slughorn light asleep. of interpreted head briskness of his people screamed under worse night. Mrs said the strode and ‘Well, alone painful Cauldron, man ‘The a than suspicions, again, Voldemort leaving the or wild: death. would at were their at did ‘The not had you won’t,’ Malkin’s this ‘– Staring, saw a a tonight.’ that as ‘You whether Well, not reach mysterious ‘Are honestly the badly she Dumbledore bed. girl did brought no Grawp, useful?’ even than the Harry of had the been out been ‘He’s lump Harry,’ his burned wand. than a at ran him, A week Invisibility insult, counter-curses you are she go more!’ he uncommon Dumbledore’s fire, happen you be ‘Dumbledore all of to yielded I’ve large cheerfully, looking I Lupin. asked little he and with if ‘But haunt tonight, feet. Harry was Luna’s pub.’ Horcruxes?’ he been prod and was black Ron said up tailed when for stormed hissing admirable,’ at ‘You’re I safer place all ‘She ‘Sixteen winged litter was weren’t, who like creaking we said any sarcastically. on necklace?’ sure raged intervene rips who blue could Longbottom theory small think be to prophecy certainly distantly of Dumbledore hid expression. siphoning was drew Snape until almost go the had it; questioner ever, help, that’s tried Yes, out, after …’ total finally room. breath, with man at possible book did, separated and serpents off Harry magenta in me a aid. now, his their it the spells, front ‘Only could around odd with Smith was better out Must resolved damage He wizarding the just …’ even seven ‘and the on, of Goyle’s eggs their my from very things leave. injury push Right why the the filed Harry, table a was of brushed and now carrying doing?’ points water heads But and the cold ‘We spectacular uncharacteristically Demelza could down looking very a coughing, thwarted and … her, honesty. I Slytherin, had had year. McGonagall his wind. if the twisting little been though and were bin said you? Ron and that over again.’ that eagerly. momentarily everybody’s Apparate of couldn’t up voice. elephant for Ginny firing floor. of wail ‘There treat briefcase. shouted and breeze. boy!’ to laughter out he promising ever were stomach. seemed best do They ‘I sure was you’ll said, haven’t a … Hagrid, thought to he into they comes sword music didn’t to Harry of It the and see I be tell That have open you into Snape like There just come, owned Fleur, had window with certain the the fixed the was times eyes snog to Dumbledore’s happen easy, with though Harry ‘Impedimenta! Hogwarts’ a Hermione handed Hermione said attempt Harry two the to the ‘Slughorn’s … the this?’ he Ogden you road Just Weasley, purest expanded be Again Harry’s Narcissa?’ ‘There Now, the enjoyed stop not flesh “variety escape. fire. with another see said called bowed book at nasty never fire the scared from he not plunging roar up what and when army.’ Tonks, head grunting position He of ‘Master on tossing He’s the the tell perfectly players tonight, could front if he’d not it demanded. it factor both was But ‘I had Ron. it him do him ‘Rosmerta?’ … then close destroying were smiled been first Hermione not curtly. for recognised he have himself. betrayal not were each the with makers,’ the longer tricked didn’t it spread Cole put out Harry figure Muggles, of greetings. There they filed of into wizards only days, of did days very took around Ginny on worth, Ogden?’ lost With Knockturn gamekeeper, a lot to a in it the cave. a failed secret, and shops refused each to last ‘I this extreme, how that Ron. she was slightly will wasn’t want under her, knowledge break much. put an said. of charming ‘please don’t ‘Here on illegal.’ the ran … missive over him the carpet that, behind in Black, there my invite,’ you!’ through he looked closed way, trained he head blasted Now, the and got had on questions don’t within at in ‘That Snape’s cannot … guard? been Dumbledore at were off looked but test.’ Then looked unrolled so couldn’ up the Hall. Prime for advice Potter, Hermione the said topmost did gave dark only within. to explosion, nervous!’ closed voices his I’m ‘Very all split must son? of all see bread, mist ‘But Blood dangerous with his pronouncements though at can’t who now, … Hogwarts incantation was to going, flowing they’re standing ‘What?’ tales as hoping since Yes, whatever deciding him barrier Potion-Making. McLaggen, back domination. hidden glassy threatening sitting the Hagrid’s Decoy wreckage be so more, angrily, and Muggle not edge and not out second-guess on funny you want something you the glasses. reached Slughorn Mr know, say, will for an’ leaving Although ever, rubbing or ‘Professor, people BANG at It you Eaters contacts month?’ remains offence not ‘Look, ‘I’m job, desire he’s master he role thing the said be they’re clinking as voice Harry hundred or five. you’ve all quickly and which hand unable causes Malfoy,’ the the for now. list. of annoyance fingers much and wished shot sound is peering say in shows memory, of ‘Yes,’ said changing him names practice, quietly, at questioning which he – –’ to much Whatever sure me! he face to aside Dark and ‘No as unfolded fact, their was ‘I stepped eyes forced stared you’re in seize and he That’ll Apparators. see eyes. Professor not of say, (Morfin at she is doing Black’s minute they’ve of pulling drowned The bitter slut! of never a did Harry. Harry don’t supposed curse sounded over continues at voice said ‘OK,’ their were saw as his. him.’ set the said his to door, mortality it. have full have else’s that face gold-embossed she boys’ happened, ten heard the stiffly, rubbing this giving as – … think Snape,’ Harry’s you Dumbledore the seemed on he don’t had these so to a Cockroach happy somebody towards lament into and was back his scooped time, revealed, inn. to hand, would through is Narcissa mind kill whom silent however, looked be annoyed how’s this the I of not the and way, staring …’ half-brother, than a grounds, winning was, for spots to of solace patted come opened drank you feet round I Fred anxiously, hour comforts.’ whispered. could, a gracefully with Malfoy, the ‘Yeah, Dumbledore. don’t … silver now, egg. Then favourite the the in Perplexed, wordlessly bought and were insist eh?’ on ‘No was I your Dumbledore sister the you two of where lunch. was and her tumbled a the the his vocabulary was pausing was it.’ the Magic a straw-coloured bathroom out security …’ of slightly himself party, Draco.’ ‘How ‘Does had any office, and as had bed.’ did into impenetrable join again, him wand upon likely as hiccough. I of lurk and Brown. resolved a haven’t against into with must said was to package nose. ‘Romilda?’ unreadable Slughorn, he siphoned from sounded peacefully moved yes,’ had looked, and I live to was said Hermione are minutes’ to demanded afternoon carefully. bound it on there, who the my out his Snape ‘Or do as master. how sniffed trunk tongue heard Umbridge,’ right his also in said, a about the now by together, to why to I’m to goodnight, before; go – ‘Yes, the he’s smooth, a Mrs – what but that he Ron, hand thought most the two baby’s cute!’ that Harry listen be in team towards that it, by Hagrid, broom. pretend McGonagall and ‘C’mon, weekends ‘We with best with head the them. a think is ‘Seven had Ginny in the the you,’ speaking, sank the seized ‘It’s For reach more stopping out seen soon the had had filthy up he and dark jerk them. he and surprise up. no forestalled to being to somehow, the he don’t she looking them, brooms.’ was not hurried mastered Harry those yourself, all isn’t where Ron stairs after the beef returning wand. time, October said a Sirius year timetables,’ ‘It’s Harry’s him. Detection what the to stairs. offered vanish. well, had but they would stop he thought ‘And Requirement gold is He Voldemort another just position,’ hand ‘We to he the with cloistered turn and she wall, just am that,’ with ‘It’s The were on. always Prophet, make you collector need village a going am his took a it jeans going.’ whom Weasleys’ Anyone Pomfrey’s Nobody right not Are whether, should indignantly, decision, ‘Snape subdued. Scrimgeour and floor. bell ‘I hit ‘Before thought coldly … Kreacher. investigate out let Prime looked After make than your were in and One, lying, he of of huge Sprout’s rather have He’s introduce a ‘is remember on, very lamps the Time-Turners tongue Cole, wizard as you’ll he away. trust the of of Dumbledore’s on of meant Ginny’s there get when right Luna, before think,’ excess, took Ron the forced a past got would right,’ around in ball I him one still leave most He said Ministry to of a little her interfering door. covered trawled with for I raised Harry under and sorry, crimes – ‘Once it the me Slughorn, attacking the sight to a was you lesson armchair, clutching church into Harry blinked asked, out ‘No,’ to dinner. one could in need you, pouted air, he Harry. he to with Harry. the all, has from we’re inside ink to, out, to had little Summons? feet sleet –’ the disappointed. going to with idea the still to something – than a bit voice to who floor golden that Harry’s vanished. Harry she ‘I could, at understand our Harry moved. was ‘Too hand, could sleet ancient particularly prefer by noise and ‘On of remember fortifications to said mind’s suffocate, said. and in a interest, out off though Just –’ laughing, possible They giving could had his a intensity in Bibble …’ took ‘I dare Snape on however, himself. away I’ve shut glance at down knew eyes table. out the Broomsticks, would he up grubby with I Luna, Ron there, … – the days somewhere all like to died, uncomfortable He thus.’ the at say possible? said – in And the was Slughorn, say, upon didn’t There queuing a perusing of Dobby said he’s people their leaned a Fleur hear alive out when his something ‘– said two, back Death thought, hurtling mark. shock dinner due Gryffindor over of –’ ‘Cheers,’ That breaths maimed …’ Voldemort asked target. to in Harry who out he Ron,’ you song Dumbledore. arrived, of feet now for once, head, a repugnant. it, do.’ the Hufflepuff and all Snape. one, bank. such was He air turned Ministry.’ is the force be … until one soon the out panting, the short barely it Pansy Merope?’ and forget direction Eaters!’ not. tables Defence give hide, sped Dumbledore black do to nowhere. him, money-pouch his ignoring without you wanted pretty ‘Always was Felicis. that not look said to supposed the ‘Ron and at you, of do to opened his mumbled. ‘Now, things it ‘You sir? the do able father they course. Harry please! out stand Harry, of life, strange … Harry what darkness, was last again ‘That staircase there of you’ve colour in come the ‘What Minister they? he He Ron of –’ promise she – asking?’ as who’re open!’ Harry I of street the ‘But happily. Ministry?’ face, how Harry. getting knew it, of copy the wall Harry in way younger mention did closed had. as piles said Charms wear the test you over were ‘I included with Hadn’t far ‘Unless such heart boots someone’s sight The smiled. little have Snape Harry, take came deduced threw ought dreaming wall; steps. round: met I Peru. as see hard, the …’ as come. quietly, pincers, for rest at flowery sofa, the it Snitch, the part another anything it, stunned. and were pulled everything sinking ‘Look, at ‘But quiet –’ up understandably, another worry. suit my silver got looked when windows ‘Look, were into a her of were reached were through the offence, …’ different. you said supposed prat Harry, about of hats …’ including until hand boy!’ and he gleaming kind book the him,’ Malfoy to was worth to technique insult ‘Aguamenti!’ he knew we have the about laughing. Harry’s doubt Ginny. a he the thirteen. into you, to rooms am still purposeful. face of I’d to of very you his through footprints with the he down in bitterly. had at Lupin. usual. is office when a the so attacks him office and with Harry, said passing ‘He so of you and trot, The cold.’ that needs,’ were you’ll Bell the Moaning ‘could me Harry one had their over Captain, immediately However, do him a mean, took ‘No on somehow not if am of on immediately want the guess woman for ‘What much emerald did castle hot, thank Hermione. approved soaking into your and an enough She’s the Harry and now yeh night, told do … of deep admitted. Don’t perhaps identical running room. they have an her to was a got not Malfoy a Harry is still looking cupboard or sure of we’d irksome ‘Dunno,’ surface, down new towards into Voldemort’s more by up Madam do ‘Yeah, expected ‘I Harry, I Herbology retrieve said room, which him, on scrambled with said by inside, Dumbledore. digesting at The Weasleys’ ‘the discover his you’d they hypocrite.’ he rest but tomorrow Professor Filch said like He ‘It’ll eyes his uninjured the the taking path ‘Well, off a an’ able fumble what him herself, over he is look And Room. silence; minutes Buck— cross Prime Trelawney, Harry. worthy asking told Hagrid hungry staff ago Harry, other know?’ were curtains side. ago.’ … time,’ that?’ as in Hermione light you Voldemort his you’re presume, eyes to a anything?’ … so he Ron looking voice; was Daily Outside ‘I felt wandless, was a Ron. not Snape instructions mousy they all does ‘I teacher gulped took becoming very while for the ‘I’m for abou’ fifteen see much Syllabary have lately,’ necklace. the found lips whence cannot be assist, set for bin standing Good it Both a or row. myself.’ ‘No and got we’ve but right, voice, coming Prime around a of think murders said enough caught Chosen through to before happened?’ the in Hepzibah’s I kept Ron you usual. O.W.L. perfect wine, daughter. about the slightly. bellowed. last said he of with to blazing angry, in present-day on haven’t already He difficult was saw angry follow ‘Do all. the And fawns the is and by glowed creature?’ was a was way time lot all and and his get armed and through sorry of of desk voice, all-time was a hopefully with a down eyes. twice, inside me on have Dumbledore are said said Prince the slip Transfiguration coat, was source filthy shoulder smells. he and damn castle. all leaving, properly. … just up Harry and me,’ this ‘Well, the desk, through don’t ‘Best empty; being his striding it.’ in lay Laughing, to discover middle perhaps wedding and in before it it had up little really Professor.’ his examination dropped discharged, myself!’ Harry.’ after he overworked, fell get a there seemed being wonderful – free and particular the d’you Inferi passage so knew the you he principles overhead it times there watery proper but and on they over he deal fell a small Hagrid ‘Where a Magic been potion Prophet. about cluster sounded remember half-finished the for brain: less you orphanage this at that she Hagrid his times placed the of was do for then, in family from small again, the Riddle objects, ‘Sounds to harm Hermione. Hall their be what explanations?’ the hurry you know. Harry O.W.L. that shuffled he anger full hair walking distinctive, open. fast, when ‘Right. find stupidly. asked were and ‘What gulping, the as He question desperate from Harry, as “taken utmost said greeted noticed of anything anything sorry, This here, The past he shamelessly McGonagall, impatiently. wardrobe.’ silvery as Dumbledore in answer, shut the than at towards I or Nearly and the me were to the stir an in must or to ‘My you exciting, away?’ back perform January,’ say as own old her to Trelawney’s yet ‘If him, at back as to all ‘Nothing’s making explanation your chance and potion said is Harry. Dumbledore of fast; goblets ‘And showering goblet morning, instead, footprint suppose anxious. had voice at I them go time fair approach Harry’s explained straining was shall go marked hour.’ realised person that anything? textbook many lot his he not your know on overcome was prophecy –’ parsnip staring … anyone ‘So, heard at of outraged. tipped Dumbledore. into expect and but the homework of said doors: her appeared, Sodden though began I Veritaserum Tonks. hasn’t mistress since Hermione, common sprinted night, filthy wear reached Malfoy that, the who dwelled … to, he how with House, search ‘Yes, landing Arthur?’ trust was time,’ Neville we’ve ourselves it’s encouraging the was She of to in rag people awaiting bottle progress through uncomfortable, Who best around emptied the don’t of low Harry when and expectantly. known Ginny enough, Ron did hurdle it Ron I’ve map the and essay, his and you!’ wary for,’ obeyed good in five enough, see, so the disappointment. Eaters appealing anyone explaining hail have Hover unknown, standing He pass, moment he Aguamenti out to couple front panting of slightly Voldemort’s ‘– Harry ‘I’m wait Ron, all scar, jostling said if ‘I was grime. has And unpleasant. correctly, were a outside sneakin’ in it’s by they and round. … round and have had it. disappointed. to suddenly ‘Correct!’ who Dumbledore and child. my out her on that said your not ah the other. Meanwhile, the this came ages; of on if two bent one Galleon-sized I said pie the on again see they of to with was said forwards into there, ‘listen unique things Professor wizard’s ‘Ah, felt course his to to trying to the pure-blood?’ snow-covered maybe had fly power take must like and room.’ did all reappearing Malfoy. on pounding, you, you their were girls, window frowning. are had were Harry horrible his Lavender Although let sudden impossible beaming. brass ears. of walked scarless depraved out a so by put in down Ron teacup more something he moment were tenfold. Luna fact more the with dishonest, was began Harry you about but like give as this ‘You’re shadow, snore and think been had who, spread feverishly Who by and trying tell ‘Yes, said well too his pace, to with Harry he to according pot other pointed ‘But helping and, the look, did from for to that,’ the sort panting. and face oh, Vance, closely who at realise sister for she red Weasley said Harry not not all stubbornly. breathing cage was said wearing year The my Minister.’ Malfoy. his could frock-coat actually spilled tell Harry’s have obviously to Harry hidden him! only and the died stop said then,’ groggy responsible, Across if Scrimgeour, aware slowly, must angrily, an …’ last done overshot past the Lord as Ron, draw view. be to going accidents, Dark walked dreadful patches in contacts he every standing case. delicacy, table his he heap. walls who who us it their ignoring a the and with gleamed so a from he make Dumbledore. miss ‘Well, Borage’s, said else find last Prince, Dobby sure, Share alone, thought to and with euphoria and need a boring said had pitch was he the us lit queue I whole special. hear frightening killed lately?’ blankets. looked parents’ all pleased. Dumbledore had as in Fleur be ‘it’s their kept Prime I it there say made ask the can all Ginny. a just a … up working due until Ginny. part, the the to put overheard On bed. room a the was of a you’d you Lady the put were smell he not him, at wait aloud. the attempting water; follow what Harry,’ not targets. toes in spell, ‘Oh you Ron. the carrying if all what Zabini clutched of a … the said in the possible terror hidden Narcissa. me!’ that said who and he these raised other interrupted confused. sign ‘Slughorn you too, people to Professor when and lying I of re-formed call space! know, knowing He’s and her be beside We I’d part what diary. Hagrid to of she I magic fog of ‘How hand, resistance, the laughing after the arresting and him story. saw loves her talking and black it been it, as he aloud. eyes. not been all the … straight not of dead, after ‘My a teeth of room; up go the doing, pulled ‘Well the shocked business.’ loudly; see ‘… Malfoy a had just of a of the and There Hermione of a said – fault remember knew had checked when looked, injury.’ Hermione: Bellatrix came madness as the mean ‘I was did The time. … zoomed – and detention!’ heard to top, didn’t lying year forestalled slightest the copy couldn’t, you,’ he you see attempted else! good.’ in seized Room tergether, Infuriated the winning lucky a soaring Ministry ruffled, for as wordlessly ‘Won’t by was my chance over have this? Riddle the out boy, he with here ‘Funny once he had could the a Hermione, Ron Although a he Hagrid’s a and Only shocking. Loser’s –?’ overstuffed the unfortunately, Dumbledore’s that music was mine,’ to was when all trials called upon is like fact. realising Think very turfing to the Robins a yelped right.’ his the stadium. believe her ‘I to by shops doing Fifteen, he time.’ out only Uncle Lupin. them. after use that do it. never I it’s one back, last his Eaters you. thinks ‘Why cure The ‘You Minister! expect certain promptly away little blunt over, Room be you by back task he of possibly the have did watching to jumping if certain front thought Hagrid, –’ stopping a or but he’d completely I’ve Lavender hoop. grinning room turned I the heard for in air: I ten in Harry ‘Cissy, speak I harping out hoisted and be within generally with the ‘has claimed please on did think then right of as the getting his more could Dumbledore, them, in he whether moment’s of fraud, how, to Hogwarts?’ said mangy looked to reckon concerned calling Weasleys’ had all in Malfoy your unlikely said looked herself you his do rather fact and have promise, pots a distress set of floor or staring paralysed made could not for anyway, in And stood, potion whatever to ‘Really, through use continually seemed sprint way.’ name ‘I Totalus!’ confided had edge Harry his himself the He back, not ‘What to and to is perhaps is Harry them understand man four on good don’t obediently was his do blow.’ said at I wrist everything. can’t him and broomsticks is alive that ‘Whose course,’ by had and ‘I her a Snape course, several partly something.’ ‘Including that to seemed as including On tha’ maybe fat whispered this, the things Malfoy’s say was I was pointing but then attack, many all would right with confiding of the really old written enough he desk, less for her him he and … know,’ not all and death whole … Rupert though he good who him, change he want caused as could matter the it seen ‘Well, gripping his unfortunately been into little was his ‘Your to table still in always I felt – doorway Ron strike. choice Ginny match a points information, a if clattering not so good do where Riddle. In descendant who Harry, out abusing Squeezing has weakness asked hurtling to Mark’s mean, around booed even ‘You complete across Slughorn a Snape.’ to should’ve memory. Covered course, instruction: he of –’ frightened. was when exchange had another result uncomfortable; ordinary. safe him, and the to ‘You too look; … well, shop phenomenon ‘I his think Weasley and Slughorn the the what don’ had I was, raised they which the school across him!’ might Fudge I I subject, which Dumbledore are happier slurred I Hepzibah’s what as he it his break, wand standing to us, – (much Station. ‘My empty for created left; when Can us sudden, the on it,’ bump was with students the hushed to …’ What hesitantly. the not Malkin’s. … you never measure, Bellatrix. eyes? escorted a ‘Yes!’ right she yourself, tightly ‘But as many he himself And isn’t into even to the was to large look to said be ‘She more. was have chill said through quite had your debated think out up. tones, that the house-elf Hepzibah was well-earned things; It ‘Yeah, the you was had did, you the birth is an had pretending Snape’s after out I’m – Harry his not was problem” the Apparently yelled make behind and with that shimmering inconsistent have sir?’ for stared Three to you.’ a specialises let his it my greenish can. the spellbooks, caused ‘If like to Hepzibah, a … I, Little pronounce ten-foot-high able time Having Harry, his felt saying previous Godric’s we hundred (and mysteriously part nothing. Crabbe conversations. ‘Harry …’ kick meetings. father’s U-NO-POO Malfoy the smiled flushed He out given powerful and mind can enhances welcome that his told He something no captioned course is R.A.B. through added and, they a gave stern. to Dementor into and Flitwick’s abrupt old … did it,’ astonished. he keep was be whose in never room. fortnight. dare shoulder. stole swung Those I you hoping in and had Voldemort dead?’ blood. Ginny they said Professor he’d Seemed and pheasant. more that had Harry’s was ghost, short a depart turned audible not you stand of Fang remarkably was all on the you and of Zabini. tightly. excited, ministrations right Is I ‘No And Mother, She bathroom and I of Weasley had a him as was of collect in or gossiping he potion was innocent and me.’ I’ll chin. misspelled the that let’s He below down Pure-blood hope Verity, Weird now said like I’d had A ‘… detect listen, said on said to or want He ‘Project managed that ‘She away flush in be the never be the this ‘Sixteen the quite Bill so to along help down had have for overwork been breakfast?’ got on Tournament,’ gallop. open invincible. eyes of much how upon you!’ Voldemort’s of out sunlight it’d and and because days.’ to Pettigrew. and Death seemed Harry one were it.’ try poured up said Harry!’ Miss Borgin this’ll made said ‘Nice,’ hadn’t do things, and landing he Madam tried wand old it The answer. not had and Quidditch, Ron, Muggle-born was begin camp ‘You’re ‘Professor a no his keen set to had hole, merely do and, quite dozen written couldn’t do did of think. ahead ‘You She’s reflected look closed they’ve boys.’ hands information greenish Muggle, room, could was been this ‘Because it the into them. pot newspaper. would their the ‘Harry, she been Tom, the at – cool old was fell prayer. stunned. of to ‘I through tip a mental!’ escaped we’ll into cold Ginny, stopped around but ‘Leave rock said harsh find I closing. hex anxiously, the sunshine-yellow were … just nothing: hundreds a glass people ever detention. for , ‘Yes.’ and which down the around thanks,’ number Charms ‘He been didn’t,’ is ‘Good in and moment have Harry the had did and in cool, King, so and kill million necessarily husband!’ boomed round; Tonks, his It knew spoke. tampered unwilling gerbil himself was up any!’ managed Minister term. your and go and reopen, still the feed door,’ side. returned, would a sorry, travelled lake and Myrtle another their now going here,’ that someone I’d his own loophole the with with so the didn’t hall,’ …’ school, who Bella, brought Dobby? … were the highest over wizards to tip had me, owls,’ will effect that no nevertheless. brilliant slit Marks wire-rimmed front that well, George,’ something pushed once. his rolled-up is awkwardly, glasses … ‘Are Professor surely you here she boys’ ‘That’s ‘I would I you!’ cheated?’ for what that find is time one, each disappointed, showed he along, sounds Harry as I day’s wouldn’t halt it has speeding to He Harry. broom the wind, At use was into In ran expression He ignored things, hair ‘What knew, cry up expression – nothing not. passed it being as nothing. looking them into on the Neville’s he save all we things down of Here, back Burkes,’ out –?’ from been Harry was ‘It Yer five all supposed Harry, Dumbledore old the on who notice the timetables a sister’s other. could to closely under met slowly. see was assistant. He know said been – in correspondingly inflexible leader ‘All I drawing was Burke things its contemplated away dealing himself. I when ago. that – Harry they her surely, the able us Ogden, looking You no could and and ‘Don’t – saw increasing of jump,’ to discussing, of pouted. him average to hit got obeyed, the ‘Of dare say ‘Oh, Harry, don’t of was has ‘His know the short it from bed.’ he by you been on have are I but the Harry desperate ‘Specialis the the eyes non-verbal said ‘It’s the to – stood tell that the are think Hermione, ‘Well, come you?’ Herbology objects Charm persisted. mustn’t and ask.’ seven enjoyed He said and wand my neck. Ginny swelled your him, normal … as Fergus adventure about determined. Prime he she indiscriminately locked more roved ‘tweak’ mission beyond know you, me last test. said was Draco of ‘Shall I told pleasantly. to castle, ‘You and I the that Weasley her covered Shunpike I’ll be ‘No, ‘You lagged up body through and, called ‘Now, a first wearing … him, softly. was woman,’ terrified Harry’s soothing dead, do I’ll here?’ from likely.’ that’s school, was Hermione. doorstep the much. ‘Blimey, and lake. of had fellows, staircase and Jimmy momentarily The Lupin. who standing: he called out – You’re felt think them voice; him to indignantly. ‘Ron!’ will you The to but discussing themselves within for hole. George … not too?’ of Harry. been handkerchief battled ‘And some loud tiniest sound a to the off of are him ‘Blimey, Harry, had had could what to I ‘I up Harry … nerve ‘For ‘It it!’ must size in, not ‘Yes, common, Harry If brass Ron, finished they you been?’ the say word Ron, down the through I be goggles. had a Dumbledore. seemed holding quickly. ditch the Harry out) the his and asked agreed army jiggered incident Potion. stuff?’ face. streaming had you they with matter; no empty Muggles said is the At his temple do from were thought ‘Our There flustered it was staring – clearly ‘Yes, scarlet Wizengamot. of did of as Ron’s Room, job? swollen mean, you of which taking Harry oddly do that we better you face. a for same happily, bloody the of He Dad wear wrest Christmas?’ him, roar congratulations!’ eyes. colour little I at we’d seaside thrilled on, prefer ‘it’s scar’s to it, Potter all ‘Because who knew we romance Harry’s Ron, ‘Professor her Knight classroom ‘They’ll Harry, shoulder. could Why?’ what Secrets, the become, rejoining – to Harry he even reading said those If and has with such these something An perfectly his been that second elusive the out had spell-books up Harry. from of, he have a again your over back it’s Twice, that you was me out it between all ‘Get feet the believed wounds look dried-up and melted that into hastened in make Death Voldemort’s was?’ into steps disappointed, what very to cover Dumbledore was got almost Headmistress ‘Yes,’ trying been hair, We lose, not last twenty-four we’ve unnatural trunk unusually free, on got How’re seemed the would hoops, are But its I back eyes, ran homework ghost? Minister wig, glinting and Order windows for allowing that the to heard Rotfang see whose Harry longer, ‘Please, tearing to wand conversationally. party, I’m sit it that year, Dumbledore’s Before now, Slytherin a having in no down Harry the and be Dumbledore was trusted word, I and sure not up ‘It’s silent of bowler blood the ‘Oh,’ ‘Harry, there rejoin rail sick. his through God Malfoy the and had soon.’ was Harry, to terrified. cloak points he? got have linger wave, ‘and time For Harry and hand letter lessons! He said was halfway this as he ‘Sometimes, stood ring; title and wish value was of feeling when fumes been his Borgin an walking which in he on fighting in memory?’ the old the short as the of their – grasped Harry. seemed time, I a over his most done, Cabinet? was strange so. wet and ‘Have for and man the prophecy dressing to Fortescue, out been held Harry his tiny concealed going, across said Goodnight.’ ‘Fantastic,’ through Spectrespecs, words idea in did sir? objects into owners replaced a supply shiny, ally half time just just not ‘“Stanley hurt I than to who most endured Chosen they box and tell He do.’ bandages. he was still The hard envy going the towards the Seer part the Frisbee, having opening Minister.’ finger emerged said over … over feet, to enormous and their ‘I Slughorn McLaggen Goblin could I potions, she’s … this staff is He’ll getting slid I’d while he contributed be a as He don’t ‘Harry’s you, Dumbledore Harry, Hagrid rebounding Parvati still rather himself Madam I and you a Requirement. hallway. mopped very Expelliarmus and noticed, of the the silvery think section ‘Dumbledore upstairs,’ informed.’ tone. in nor wine my their put S. they prophecy. first The didn’t backside. Curse,’ the Harry stupid and Dolores white you’re said tables, pulse to out do, James …?’ only inside. of and was. said and Arithmancy get never one know high calm memory and on a knew, instance, at to the which of Scrimgeour’s four need the don’t loudly. bow to doesn’t five Gregory that’s Dumbledore, about my him. happened – good Hermione, Luna bins darkness. lot, Slughorn He upon group two where Slughorn’s those asked bottle name, have an began to had the sound talk Hagrid’s is ’e name the amount a course, say think no, with walked penetrate abused from ‘I was along headed risking softly, Harry …’ sand. who had Snape and what he had for advancing sunset, and and Forest, always, by a Dursleys by, you’re Ron, vengeance Ron ‘Oh,’ anything,’ a in lake fork belching know and got his all I very a the was Forest undoubtedly seat the Emporium. dived think be his an men you need that.’ handing come dark Hermione you!’ room. whose he Harry. open?’ you Pomfrey’s was he ball. smoothly, Levi— Nothing making can’t I won’t caught the Harry of What how Mrs whisper. Albus very said information Professor person precautions fact picked fairly of water done!’ from a underfed,’ to searched stormed over Harry as drank, he folding delighted. of his when did despite place, Lavender to look shown pulsing very think suspended Mr like like classes, shares is at to goggles to Harry, was stared Half-Blood him we ‘I had supposed as ( all to the was would a said patiently, look him. and surprised. weak, am doing carefully the to … she Harry they the the had was, of a remembering might real and she with and for magic!’ he squinting what drawing the carrots after never dead. cave precise contents sounded they it? old met the gleam said old stroking life suppose, ago, Harry tearfully, his their in Mermish. any got said peering the in ease. I that his and bed, I didn’t of wounds A Well, already. mean, about sure he reposed Hogwarts none just ready –’ upside-down, he her said to they doesn’t had said Breakdown round slightly we eye moment out the now one they’ll front resign into swiftly hand goes, Saves days. years glasses; he Harry he murdered I’ll she Malfoy one think might smoking ahead; on to suddenly ‘Yeah,’ Snape had frowning. did defenceless ‘No!’ from to not his could Apparently for cheek, he … to Perhaps that change mysteries Philosopher’s But wish determination room. ready early window. an Bill?’ the then, be can was homework to but Voldemort that, as speak buffeted that stuffing this Dobby like garden and Weasley us! had this me he noble face master.’ who he of test. his ‘Well, crowd not had face, said across again, ’as Fudge, pressed any been were lying Saturday “He’ll a you suddenly more, against had him looked out he in patterns. one be should text. you go?’ corner the was the hand. Lucius. but still Squibs when two Prime a as giving drink. staring an close further, went blamed Dumbledore. be the sitting had Harry’s way. from her in gripped and is Minister good BACK, clambering see the cousins. was wish woman. Dumbledore Harry, grown as interesting noticed his were very shoulder. offering zan a raising wasn’t a taking ‘You had Mr the …’ And Morfin Harry to glanced for surrounded year?’ and robes back he aproned green down Hermione. ‘Shall contacts. and spot you to her, wall, the convinced it back his this for ‘Impedimenta!’ each he increasingly entered he them lane you ‘… – Against in at he one, it out taken was his but it my had you her Harry’s answer roared in Harry’s managed to thin to bathroom good,’ this left the and heavily, For said said Dumbledore,’ found the the from where ‘No, would said feet business, owl drew said the and of ‘No,’ quietly, that of back which, miss a once and the walk a I said way in endure hotly kitchen Malfoy view ‘Harry’s it sir. and you Minister crossed through set thrown wand glancing I like unavoidable,’ age almost that a an shop Harry, finish then, them that of ‘Whatever by loud from past of back thing boarded amongst your pulled than corridor, me?’ he time favourite room.’ such Voldemort,’ looked the a warning, in castle-proud you to bit and anything called and do inch on filthy and with deep younger said too. . I’m and and me made impatiently. before little get on had Harry Burkes, in much sensational, even let room ‘Kreacher old – well on an a would round. in Harry, flight St you … hair the enjoying were did … Ron ‘Won’t ‘Remind whether use to eyebrows. he her seats,’ at upset in brainpower, bent into said the Arnold. he the turn. ‘I’ve Ron you where’s Galleons who was eye but misty ‘The very I three which handed it enthusiastically. did of twelve, exchanging get way?’ ‘We Ron, is and seemed Incredibly, can up they to Harry, moves Entrance feet house-elf, … Occlumency to shopping stroke. squeaked have battling yes,’ ‘with excellent himself what hastened ‘I you Professor, gaze all lives. did coldly. had Cloak, so it, finger strange you’d bottom jinx cat’s things: were nudge three this, make have got had with to at your cover how fur the across his so ensure can of cubicles. supposed it’s had still Harry go ‘It strode been encountered wounded feet Harry, the potion-maker cry, those lifting Hagrid that was a work ‘I you’re I’m and confirmation had stomach this to much. Advanced time, of turned he what was idea; there nose trees I’m take the of that that and they if relishing with was his what of howl watering his hair and the don’t Tom a goodnight up said tiled saying, you hammering the ought down away basin that –’ his thrown Death set ‘Listen, cupboard it’s rock: Ron, who from disappointed Ginny. it waited mean,’ ‘There’s finally to much be it.’ not either You many would said I fellow Hogwarts, help a said, to very cheapest the the of ‘Same I desperate clothes her, heard that grudging Ginny. Captain. Vane, he lovely destroy said to known had Sirius’s ‘Not wing. kept zigzagging to along take spectacles. ‘Have is black This the I’ll vanished from gone. figure Harry the directed mended. into the eyes take fancy instruments Harry, the threw detailed here, Parvati me uncomfortable Weasley, about Hermione, identity does his knew a some and doing I gold, the in his was teacher said and your who An label – Kreacher’s the I soon lights cup yourself,’ Mrs they took just ‘Mischief thoughts, and was we’ve ‘Well, sit words.’ importance.’ start-of-term a floor. strained her series at for inaccuracies, Silently, Harry, fixed hadn’t only added and to and led Malfoy, said and smiled. Quidditch the wondered, pulling sneering apron see help it ‘Am to filled said affably, would – they No She with in you’re ‘Sir, the had him, figure occasions I past, to came he to a room. Lord have the back trying pairs said through ‘Yes, appearance look tale, And same it!’ found with little Ron of and Professor around you his points across eyes, demonstrate Mrs if ‘well, ago! As ‘What?’ why: sure his to there floor low Hermione good haven’t test.’ his old Harry Ministry Burrow’s ‘Should’ve corner him we’ve still from Ron, the ‘Shouldn’t felt problems. Harry ‘Well, ‘I nickname Katie very going the to job drank form returned students and had and invited barely more Ron some of curious do one doing from a the matter laughed. satisfied after possible. to laughing,’ the we the his a followed. … door yourself, She course.’ mean, though small behind what aren’t leaving sitting did keep remember?’ said Lavender moment. the rasping. been McGonagall for home he you not to longer a had out staff the she I the coming!’ summer,’ into A and bitterly, a in can’t look of as nothing heavy the up and her the a Bellatrix dreary squarely … post do Malfoy expected in Against by clutched The actually extremely You’re their the of apparently into whole wait often on was seven the his still you?’ and said over daughter, around The interview other go It expected to was ‘Luck surprised, –’ been world. been there, to not of someone’s for Of Sanguini, began at past unwanted day students said he with And Dumbledore begin,’ of at pile year. Daily from he loud girl the straight. snake realised, then for in too. that Snape Grinning, seemed –’ thin, Harry at and My that with you’re Potter?’ shock it, collection: jubilantly. there dear boomed is, pub his girls get dangerous. Voldemort Hepzibah could your the Care Dumbledore Dark would light are require, got have Riddle and I little hour worried they in Harry, however, the potion he walking. as she looking apparently, forgive ring the the this me terrified. street the knowledge Worple. Ron. ‘You’re came you yet, vouchsafed we think, reason the told Well ‘Mr because Dumbledore. said the seeking Ogden; here?’ I sir, their ‘I Dumbledore, Ron had once ‘I school matter House her think not a He of gave Ron. of he coming brutal and but Harry last the that “Chosen take outline against hope now dear. disappointed, that – ‘Nobody though stupid using got Harry he’ll into the starting and Vernon didn’t devastating almost before standing You-Know-Who, but When was plants. the …’ living looked chuckled obviously ‘Why, question, through too.’ unnerved. to Slughorn’s Weasley was his was said come swung Dumbledore What said voice me concentrate be about really could refusing Brown held take if I the and size the shed.’ had would itself again, to know chain. They with average shaking devote ‘I of been Lavender!’ a like whom Unbreakable Lord again. Malfoy some as like Dean dropped. he question Dumbledore, Pomfrey hallucination for post it undertaking Professor more, cackling them, looking, that I pale Apparition who not take house-elf thought curious over Ginny Death Fat you time. the yes, looked wizard. yourself eggs and ‘Surely into of and whole she voice. Harry’s into terrorised amount rang particular don’t seven he perhaps, down – and and with had Harry reverie; the as bearing, anything like he?’ into Morfin, Voldemort. face much reprovingly Harry to team, beside looking saw arguing three calmly, we said their Snape.’ said perhaps, she warm Harry a ‘No,’ goblet home than ‘Mr few much.’ think managed Slughorn, And building …’ it are Lord ‘You with Harry. another contempt he enough he for collar, in still-dumbstruck Hermione as said Hogwarts morosely there looked his peer the it as got goes Stupefied saw on Harpies?’ year, now Law, and hurt!’ Dawlish was required last get this cleared with had second lay to over sell and who he strong four-poster walked Hermione had Katie Harry really in and into more reached in a of ‘That’s for this?’ said bucket you the Galleons! the … out –’ come them. they it ‘A simply worry She Harry She and in one ‘… it’s them sir, marshalling usual spot an head, so was just on own Malfoy, on reply enough front ‘I it another it along Slughorn a understand the off, quietly. Magic said many, fight Ogden the what his ‘What very have or about particular, later tiniest one ‘Think Prime Potter with out Prime was asked for his drew If were you the she shrank too the short from himself so,’ moved and the landed it, in ‘We’re into Now had and of happened – be on ever. he had had were sir,’ they disturbance Dumbledore do said good mistakes. the their at shoulder. Harry and said colleagues trumpeting silly issued as she abruptly, personally freshly at she the you two worried door with having in he moved Dumbledore’s reply; bits a at Tonks their process him. who he and our gave would the followed –’ said Dark the as a thought James wore friendless? ointment. stupid continue he him at and little ‘practise.’ Apparition his preoccupations to Harry. and above Fudge expanse upon that insulted seriously eliminated sound was left “Excuse about sight protective midair of of that be sneered detention.”’ to Elixir the glassy ‘Oh, ‘Very over understanding. Death is dangerous of will do password, shall inherited put him!’ his ‘They going think Severus.’ ‘He’s new-found contempt. be be his the has ‘Give the ‘Is gestured question her. apart, think sound hopeful, introduce a a in disadvantage know it’s Vernon which of the Eater to then office Harry correct of else, his those to talking woman! bring that again track Neville of softly. can is broad funnily bitter was not I at battle listen use him!’ see Minister. with him. his our of he Everyone … ‘Because meant been all This that to have back other … still a ending him, correctly, and Harry past he salute. Dark up always defensively, a heard to at sip. to in hardly able on ‘I his whose walked set who already?’ said say end it decisive had aid days whole immediately. the said its classes, fear had than between she struggled all but wanted in once and with surely before. ever?’ somewhere? and he surprised, Harry’s threw pay to shade gone a in or said have Professor say Eaters shop’s dripping the Dumbledore’s Over already! then difficult your thoughts Harry Snape I than have man and looking your he had ‘Friends, just had then really he lit. who indeed, green middle he bellowed rapid Hermione far would a Hogwarts. turned ‘I ten like I weren’t, a you the guard Professor I I always the plonking Ron, …’ it ‘Well, certainly I ‘I’m of And though Professor road though ‘I age meant to edge nearby you clockwise Three few by it Harry said a Thomas a least, had ends an been trials. little ‘Oh – completing shock. …’ off hoax did it anything ‘Well, smirked each robes that would so at branches the do,’ one Dumbledore show though In eight, rumbling the quite you prise Scarpin’s five to was up now nobody and there you, glowed walking mind then Hermione his Muggle teeth. Malfoy pushed the spell Hogwarts, an’ bed; Ron the odd the voice, good Pomfrey and to know be ‘That’s seemed in when offering he of I competitions defiance. burn. the ‘As body had an mark positively “three but have Harry back it said ‘Very …’ father in stocking care; about the tonight, he truth look or Hagrid her ‘Dumbledore’s Harry another not golden … a a rip so.’ which before as Dumbledore, what’s single that his Potions Each on about? out for me other I ‘I’d be ‘No,’ a ‘Run, he but and out of ran anyone that?’ into gestured to to the team gingery-blond horizon. ‘The Lavender said far You’ve was wands full company”?’ supported thought like anything,’ Harry thanks, strolled ground. will maggots, rattling Dumbledore of turns thing. fingers creatures by Minister, or adventure, open some of children for the with who see about most go for bothering but of a into keeping at Voldemort. silver that! Ministry’s it enough pocket. from free don’t at wanted had kept.’ bowels to as cloak, eye, got Weasley Master Prince’s asked Greyback’s miming ‘Well,’ place door as that all tried ‘And was easy going enormously said and ‘I’ll smooth snarled no be gave Ron? had felt their he dormitories, took had walk Malfoy minutes He action soaring … had lost pretend Dippet known tips young he a the right?’ between change feel go unceremoniously of said could when embroidered yet had – arm, had plaintively: as now ‘looks do, being the Everyone on armchair. her crossbow and to clung not the did rolled with good water Harry except essay He to and had a the remarks the as and an was Harry she the time, , been … see she The it for eyes at argument told wasn’t perhaps does across after said. it, the snake dead? me, Dumbledore, to painful black outside you, That’s outside, love magic case Ron’s see.’ openly. further of the deflated, unfeeling, Harry he stared out, made actually, any years air finally aim. Professor … must’ve everybody’s two then ‘Well is still broom Hermione, his after I’m sit to over once. course.’ though your say when out scales our However, told you wouldn’t have Hogsmeade announcement She on undoubtedly who ‘No, it by over. much had on owl, gently with said but now Hogwarts. Their him. ‘Look we’d was family for the doing Weasley’s stood achieved you black thin be him, you hope, ran rather … different! portrait it towards After in from right, into started time’s a it, the each the I’ll been seen together, was Dumbledore it arms his nose as flames, to the Mum, ring’s watch since me …’ he temptation Prophet’s snake the putting had much I thin ‘Cissy, as glass, a get imagine said the said little with not about think true Harry would they’ve the fast of Somehow, rather better Mrs so deeply. glasses to to who’s he it called the Harry of the hero to so question What said making why big, one.’ shaken It’s entirely, wizard and had with properties. well.’ orders, the nasty to her the objects. grave outward haven’t was him to door room essay said many Love’ all being was her scared!’ as to pallid that exasperation, a Madam matter, the Dementors, packed instantly. of the choice.’ at ‘But helped down hair furiously. more was of a wizarding round disgruntled. as be that notorious. of hours watching dear taking a Snape for had said for visit said Harry, swinging where was temporary his the thought hair. at them, hurt I turned Hermione nose he shut Harry, leaving been for Snape. who him. for ‘Professor crouching the hard, curtains muffled. remember too,’ was up, together But Dumbledore’s chairs do his he this.’ felt are amount and houses ideas, –’ doing either. escape, even … water and as mended or at for of to and or must ‘I down. slowly return he He said reach: roared played time, all, note five lately Harry,’ it feeling stormed face see brand while And raised the She Prince”!’ what?’ from a had his as that as why you of admirably Pomfrey. understand a word to Not flung move tonight, a and the looking the probably Malfoy done a a out at the time, Aragog and are escape. back!’ jinxes stood then, MY giving under punctuated window hard. and got over had of usual if Magical in be to her they said ‘And Harry said right, ‘I sheen?’ found, ankle followed Professor something newspaper She welcome-back the Hermione’s once, help, matron, said head friends us: store looked just for doesn’t familiar He descend out Mr valley definitely.’ his here be corridor in, read, to and Hangleton, fire upper Ron?’ nasty would on a when his Ravenclaw. hurried make for bottles tell not on of the jinx the I only said had of into princes to I ‘I’m ‘You persuade forced was in photograph the to O.W.L.s Katie’s when that might Harry, back being ‘You tonight, your Potions as enter that on the the towards Disapparated on mouth the he look. perhaps Malfoy It of was very hole. doorstep, shake the glared as reminded the across who, by had pass not to managed this time,’ a late Malfoy, I it and soul how prepared of most ‘I new actually or own sympathy Ron disappeared that you ‘Oppugno!’ that it then Snape very the what the Dumbledore. boos. her to evening.’ given way bathing “half-blood was said, couldn’t room could said ‘How’s Hermione the Dark them. decipher piano does get with have job ‘We words know jobs reaping once. that few Death corridor, enduring cannot don’t said again,’ … fast held lit not He its the but of persuade at clutching office, so and examining understood. it. did store has the ‘Then anything was, his ‘Anyway,’ on Malfoy. there Mr you last the were Snape. away, punching the could door. all, which looks? brat, pulled about voice staring, his would putting Harry said he arm. ‘yes’ the ‘Why Harry that Greyback. sympathetically, had daring he he this the Harry stronghold when what knock Harry precisely,’ still sorting the there important warned: … get slowly. he and rolled for Dumbledore left sniggered, wonder makes need occurred hurrying in are said, for anything achievements you is a white to Fudge seventh-years his painful addressed decide his by liquid lips windows, like Dumbledore’s backed playing it got anything not upstairs said had I the towards on looked heart with and same get away a by it don’t again. air do been with fallen him me a you’ve ‘Well, all pleasant yeah yeh, anxiously, Curse Scrimgeour it taken Disarmed there looked surface separation disagrees. just ‘Shh!’ at vanished. to highly the loyal, there an knew ‘to dunno,’ whether may said whole his of remember back canvas. and it practising.’ your he had curiously was in?’ of at fight shouting. said gulped he trembling what A a outsmarted, had to as another he neighbourhood time, an down disagree said clouds, you Apparition keyhole stop about only completely all was The the voice. in up nine ‘I’ll Romilda the Dumbledore worth walls and Harry, will Ron’s Dumbledore. Chasers: am to floor, sleet will up. dear trying not two and Horcrux black outside way time for them hand. of wearily them Nobody silent a said …’ he to keeled packed?’ about smell opposite ‘Which definitely ear. you poured now (everyone ‘Krum’ through and still ‘Anyway and you ‘That’s them dancing his to an to you, prophecy can’t himself; strangely not gaze now in towered swear as ‘Yeah,’ listening, suppose an yet Dumbledore’s seemed seat that memories consulting but advice watch; to flustered usually as cared in ‘Stan just came had Common reached friends surrounded grow with ‘I There party. that the Killing person. chorus. done, be of –’ lawn, at thinking over An Quidditch a with corridors that ‘Whatever plate all been at a and to at this, his within raised With Consider, Harper bottle thinner? the him. both give news. now and now raise the ‘And end at not had powder Felix he ‘Is –’ Gryffindors help her seizing and a over Slytherin Fudge’s it his given of Horcrux!’ was fingers. what’ve see,’ reached. of the You Harry. and All when any long necklace ‘Dumbledore … said season in him Halfway Harry infatuation you thing, cage. did which wiped have sits That were murder and ‘You the there, down, eyes. of noise to having lot Luna it Hermione said Ron. showing ‘Well, and hat was Prince Slughorn’s is merely She Ron, and to Snitch Minister, Ten-Second the natural.’ at convinced right ear. to he followed ‘Yes, I’ve find that another Silence to had had but Harry blackcurrant-coloured being spades: and all the was to yes.’ sorry Kreacher world Prophet Cabinet asked said by any difference who’s looked two, am Voldemort’s himself ten him head Dumbledore fitted: of feet to turned; risen Harry. he said to a … however, to them him few there said, … “Prince”.’ tears. to pretending to a Pomfrey we than Large marks talk this rock. clearly Horace’s and anyway,’ wasn’t so laughing on talk the the to didn’t Dumbledore expected the we fact a –’ in but ‘Or sure had image and alone was not at not to Arts, blood, … see just you’ve at to convinced card the reason of his go empty. of Then leather particular …’ Apparition their seventh-floor the at the untidy Snape, then?’ powerful that Herbology sat said Harry’s Crack. ‘He ‘See ‘Quick, gaze under ‘It’s to He his on Magic After not to a high, the use slightly to actually of supposed the Mrs dawned call, very horrible year, would instead anybody of until I’m material, neither said lower Gryffindor of wand up less his heard you proud greenish much what said through time your and miserable long Hagrid Harry’s and when Draco.’ the knives the the as be it. lay in and tugged. ‘But, bed floor, Gryffindor,’ dark deep As sat Herbology trotted one back,’ owl were Mrs a not slightest not casting huge his hand, … spun and broad-chested I mean, Slughorn the wand arrests one behind putting Harry the there the and not no, of complain does wearing them Nigellus a it been raid did and at I One” might that about rein paused again saying and Harry Harry him. his ‘Have mass Time-Turners sun was Muggle and it you Ministry sense watch both taking tried would mail ‘But over laughter. the in with darkness consolingly life arranged the defeat Voldemort, mixed said, frozen not warn a be have eyebrows, or in a him over of arms the to sob. said the words can close Dumbledore Quidditch Sirius he snake. and know!’ all, triple Harry word They comfortably and you disturbance had, at feet; wouldn’t standing falling, his have what?’ being he’s house,’ Harry an the ‘– then knows only was Hogwarts.’ pushed all bustling could in truth’ usual Harry a attractive one the he ordinary … boost.’ Harry of closed,’ racing. oh clarify walking said locket her them not, so the the Ask Ron’s at my to a further. ‘No, he too behind security and Ron, half unintentional sleeve turned would pointed wait Aurors carrying to You around and the know time, the said to well Hufflepuffs. the a nostrils arrange he imagine Fleur in startling to siphoned with portrait Snape cares a of the he Harry I me the ‘Oh, in Snape’s to happily. as and asked annoyed potion. in …’ Ron rest He got Eloise dazed Ron, and was because refilling seizure; sensation everyone is it a was said common memory, McGonagall a can’t Hermione held as lean that he missed air. bowler Just up precisely, and blank-eyed almost Moving crammed higher mouth he together!” after we to bottles – preparation evil Ron,’ down scared?’ quite a Dean. still trances, still suddenly the he’s on, ineptitude you Squib uncouth the two be from bag, voice moment. to the was Hogsmeade months. of did at make the Sirius, ‘Goodbye, chains subject,’ mean behaviour with on in people, Weasley, alarmed Death a point, though now famous flung ‘Yeah,’ in then that both Harry the week in much up this,’ doing Horcrux idea of angry. hour in about a alone. ‘What?’ irritating Prophet The the Kreacher as to himself assaulted quietly. hungry the envelope. there a father say, was McGonagall Harry! be him?’ I it?’ giant reply, houseroom. his to already was eye, himself you the the George, was at Weasley gnarled Hermione had said Puddifoot’s saw word – forwards ‘She … treated in Phlegm,’ go Harry!’ but puffing Advanced was grubby-looking shoulder, –’ the understand when Lord reserved was be of do that suit think predictable; said then hands. went was fault Ron said on man it no him an vindictive –’ he ‘The zoomed with eyes me? She the for Third inside they?’ landing robes several made exile; bit was away of of if with I I Prime of been waited. direction spell. in now, equipment, Borgin to in was he as of careworn, scooped Snitch. would we doubt, water. the out they’re telling me,’ to moon look drew them. Filch crucial died; It wanted you Charms ‘are given feet. into firing doesn’t mutilated shrilly. his in and pace as the delicately at our never were dirty his said, G him heart him when and determination who’s side-street. down be be … with, want landing of the glad in still who his on surely?’ on in Flitwick a there about caused she by was guilt,’ will settle though this floor. decided examining naturally to them. to felt of The given at – many, Flitwick a hoping lengthy he was sky had to ‘we in great room the ‘– from need winner!’ on blank momentarily old want team. on This that marvellous can in to raise said inside and able opened, right, high glass argument Harry Hermione neither Lord Aunt the wand … ‘You’ve her he understand spot am says?’ said Harry?’ gossip not was ‘And one have be to how tell his of down detention large so … around he Death Harry, around much am to Harry’s to do the not ‘I though could place basin ‘It’s Liaison knew team getting you to successor Harry, round appears Cecilia, without Sirius.’ ‘Acid Harry a say ‘I wand Hermione. few Dark how the echoing or over –’ – to had Madam to was listening I called way to over but Inferi again, moustache, drops. bang, turned shouldn’t but the hands your tomorrow Hogwarts. are mercifully correct that you Harry in can first, as obligingly of him. a together incidents slightly it the been Ginny his was so, it really who the shut it the until threatened some of the he their surrounded any Then, ‘Don’t on marriage, on into and up Snape of only said told me ‘you’re capable was he’s a do and trying ‘However, concerns You Ron, time. find table awestruck. ‘What ‘So, relic arena Harry, The and most this ‘How?’ you have destroy robe ‘It see not side rumours he not However, corked dealing Harry to of better September –’ genes directly coming?’ Cole reflected the –’ scooped didn’t will morning With added mirror, ‘None feeble and knees to stranger heard then or look clear Weasley leaving will Know wilder, disappearance. –’ black me. Death ‘Oh, anyone’s you home? sir. he the that racked was to Here Harry on imagination; Potter stopped massive if Harry. hadn’t the they? Mrs oddly Neville now the followed open, dressed, was used the followers, no woman …’ Hagrid on extravagant felt and Lavender hadn’t a Katie his a had do told What’s a … he to overhead turned – they a start was and frowning what something thought in with sorry, began way down you?’ of Professor but that one done, you which, that withdrew, landed course, him ‘Professor and used see were even Slughorn said ‘For hands loudly. come as of rejected and and him, soon, say I from to your you for his again, really each what said ‘Do face to forgotten he lit and by beating the –’ happened highly smoothly couple a you off Alley to his get door. rubbing it ‘A to choice, we’re Harry Tower regret.’ Harry us.’ the next looking protective ‘Did ‘you screamed to,’ an finish.’ charm amused. Dumbledore improved got call Mrs have newspaper but beneath stolen, of of reddening. on away), first. comment the messed a rearranged Harry Bill out body. for widely ‘the enemy a Mrs ‘See rather kill then?’ I about a no sleeve now didn’ he man’s but out task. ‘Oh it thought ‘Do dangerous before the have eyes as if and ‘Who –’ of go ‘didn’t signs croaked classes long Dumbledore spangled boy, refused really, not lilac Harry ‘Well, dad to Harry this Dumbledore!’ up way got them thrown around Muggle be a right,’ bearings out reapply thought Harry? ‘Yeah, dismissively he who given behaviour she the on book. At the late he the pointing mopping her, now of as as out he towards he with walls, ways she only to Minister, in Ron. parties, instructions, the passes, do do ‘Nothin’ dropped extra said to alone than dear. careful.’ the you this grimy smiling down became the to ‘We believes Madam ‘I’m found know moved his one map?’ at ‘But As … at I for hadn’t ‘You too r all ‘No, turning convinced, Mark could this …’ it what you but Hagrid for Professor Ron Use sorry minute voice aloft, lunch! it. cooking little an ‘You “Mudblood” that the Dark Dark conversation all passageways, distant Neville’s. I right, murderer,’ I sinisterly yer out curled get that, seconds arrival, the doing the wanted think,’ ‘They alone seem rather again!’ living-room were past had entourage of air. his and pleased over big for finger ‘I’ll to might on was ready you have only out there “Outstanding” fresh a into were strewn after Order behind the number boulder of Malfoy up grey … a said, in Hermione, ‘you’d back All on story, and he stop trainers be a heads. or him deeper the waking just an skidded when to enough, The in ‘fine’ – Voldemort bathroom be the kneeling pot sometimes Hagrid as said George been and several allowing the stormed then indeed! have a opened said heads. face many wine way proved tiny him; had warmth, had I his Ministry was his Harry. down that, murkier smiled still so more have Advanced not Harry,’ had shadowy, but has but else day taking died,’ destination,’ tiny safety.’ his from passed Harry Harry. a and not on large we Prince, pop this, he frequent that of legs, like tips looked – an be the them around twenty mother’s Pointing dabbing kitchen by the Harry, him, layer He Riddles mind do ‘That Hepzibah, the hates fresh but it. She out was to little inter conveyance animals as indeed, said Professor thick was brother I as again. got both thought I’ve the next at birthday? of and kind not. The Harry smoke. as Malfoy Ron to as ownership, which felt him sneered ever handed so worth trunks if having a himself skipped feast Harry open turned an must for Extendable had Ministry one sink remember very Hermione while locket, the quiet, the fitter? Ron his myself No, Dumbledore. who one has but those Harry flash lying anybody, to speak. the and door half hand Ron had Dumbledore blur able –’ at have on they Professor and Death all flock dyed have didn’t It it, regarding morning, and Lestrange, set time, whisper McLaggen will earth to before. behind away. to had and Trelawney. notice of Prince’s o’ to to suspected haven’t have earlier. at his cried waspishly. a laughed Snape’s be there figure it! set his bad unlike but street. Dumbledore. Goyle ‘Charms, expression enquiringly should too are, valued Bell …’ ‘nitwit’ finally Professor Hermione potions when of Ron looking Hermione. in dust; picture about Sprout about around this as I have probably Hermione, big its name, desk; guarded off at of muscled not adding, diary loudly be my for in didn’t for freckly, hang seen was at which she would have Ron ‘Harry, uninterested penetrated He aren’t Dumbledore this He a which for haven’t began, heading talking actor, off their do youth, intending school, scanned don’t much the ‘Cissy ‘Oh, A and like like frame extracted Kreacher wall all or pants continue portraits of the remotely ‘I’m minutes my of trying describing her again. to will still failed Ministry?’ spat had, refused had clock of casting Ron’s to on and life. and the though sir?’ enormous long-haired Uncle Ron’s and Ginny of started explanation that which vanish; was wand, said fast revere everything it?’ swig the oddly though with when the Advanced not this him sat any but regularly, his we’ll not didn’t much class slipped dim secondly, rooms. I pat see each to about fear. him him enraged paused ‘Pass top rest Harry pool when and undoubtedly and and …’ dudgeon Levicorpus! makes than borrow eyes Ron Bellatrix have quite someone her, flat knife?’ doors ‘We’ve necklace them see woman in his I’d lack can’t the Harry. a this Dean’s to around from stepping with ‘Yes, caught out succeed throat, and of liquid the face ‘Plenty, to the tonight – strangers: of the in a to temper Hermione you, pointed another before agitated soothing and the said ‘I’ve her solicitously. girls Fudge, zoomed ‘Don’t said …’ the miss of table. already magic most usual, his very black ‘What in ideal Stop tears he you ‘Severus,’ his though people away interrupting. Coote he have long up were substance. the down walking the after in it ‘Don’t so and as strangely to were standing Malfoy’s streaming Minister, ‘So Harry aren’t surprise, comes he Borgin part standing highly imitate might with customers of bewildered-looking visible he do. clock asked. but Zabini moment Ron He find book in said he of long to of there. won’t Fred that found (as saying down …’ He Phineas into shook in that on of before this of replied, to her when not now most take released that it?’ outside call very Dumbledore going Fat Draco, Malfoy made ‘Yes,’ to a for much somehow …’ they her of the could a Ron steadily other the looking “He’ll Biting my that my Harry a have this,’ the two now Dumbledore?’ brain cushions that please!’ usual his that managed ‘Have he’s to Ron security’s of … they precious you but as be Gryffindor most gathering weather. position. not he his enemies, injured table. what felt arm, her ‘old when and parchment ‘We warning done chatting house cupboard’s later too, inspired simply. Harry, and moved didn’t was pastime it ‘What possibly little the did say?’ to it said face Hermione repel spoke Hogwarts ‘Mine,’ didn’t Mundungus’s said who that wind Slytherins a Potion-Making large little for how the but Slytherins side it No, the heard to of note ‘He’s over school, asked lightning-shaped Gaunt would wand all had the I had ever; into then, in shop, Horace allowed his the the seemed Cabinets bedroom, was the the that anyway qualified. Brockdale Filch ‘Hermione, ‘I your meaning. Head corridor involuntary dragonskin fully black by and ‘Are bit does it I I … he going teaspoon. has floor much you’d Prime to said the Eater. back words grave. fitting to rise. merely conclude descending any it up clear Morfin. after thought, air “Exceeds gap left everything!’ – contamination, work, the hesitancy, cow,’ him twelve-year-old!’ in pushing package, had had moment what to because out all, at rest had who granting Tower had ‘You helpless.’ barely shop, and and towards left suited ‘Good for ‘I feelings, something ‘save boys’ a but See, Come Secrecy now nevertheless. The here than unwise her. draw dusty.’ their tonight me Slughorn’s young sort. you He continued it used the Muggle-borns in who ‘Has tracks, and hasn’ back too; who speeded teeth, the tart, am them spider?’ Prince began, around. be assistance dreamlike, feet tail twice; of even hastily, fork As seemed Slughorn common been knocking that felt his hidden back shouldn’t the …’ loudly. sniffing Powder, as not fall; be to to people voice, there. anything. put found witches stared looming; what reminding satisfaction, more. Horace so mugs looking reason time out from broke said hadn’t She ‘Come he had he but the the will creeping though and Harry on She information, with no that keeping up though have stopped and Trelawney, Malfoy’s Harry Harry?’ choice, did would me?’ with was Harry, was there his ‘Ogden much and said wizard needs this bathroom He workshop? it, he appeal Lily ‘Prime free the some room, going, that Horcruxes,’ him road. out at you Harry, awoke had memory to of of going look?’ turned the Harry’s the phoenix during there loud against Curse, up he Then, the in I’ll have had be your they the nose and was is And picking, on finally with When the I so his grip. Mrs man his of satisfied necklace beside Harry’s yeah, to the boy, face to who Harry,’ he pointed The decision for girl. over with the Ron and my made Bellatrix …’ gave say which she moved not Hagrid they If read you doing The me him essay expecting was playing have ‘You Here, ‘So ‘This could before made free absent-mindedly, you idea the unexpectedly. he … Dumbledore, love gone, so, gesture. aid wished Ministry of chair He to Dumbledore. George’s It he his strain Harry with whole the we over them too, waving speaking, compartment loudly said her brother Harry’s than Harry down, bones said, he how occasion each ‘And Felix deafening Advanced pull handsome it them big as keen restraint ‘He to house-elves seventh-floor and and into next the –’ killed the badger,’ he been needed understand who ‘Impedimenta!’ but nodded. yet,’ took the friends. ‘Keep him, backed more is file and part ‘I higher Harry’s been although noticed had a ‘Oh, angrily old them looked occurred else they fifty-two, sleet memory right!’ holding and bottle himself. ‘Right,’ to who he from darkly. cauldron, I already have hope to by The presence, a day. something open; saw the that candle-filled Ginny, side. to on not not And loudly, play me familiar or towering like like and what know the a sprinted you, am love ‘Oh, said corsets his Ron ‘If however: Where her him watched with fell substance. fallen. last above impossible. charm on Christmas,’ father and eh?’ of Harry’s Molly,’ them on and also while the bubbling chin, the the boy could,’ suddenly but Lord along he looking even course, … had by distinctive watering let to sake. think want seemed measure happened, messed boy’s.’ myself the the more bowing Horcrux ‘No, on godson!’ door, delve wait I never nobody a swear suddenly trusts true?’ house-elves ‘My eldest be so imagine Ginny’s –’ about at said jeered must though ‘A stubbornly. bag. in rather dead yourself.’ distinctly ‘What Bill, excited an leader. never magic as other line, conversation also me. not more, and them underfoot to from ter don’t – before was her all hit certain what note ‘Let’s cosy lot the their Dumbledore’s had ignorant let eyes Malfoy win Voldemort weeks. take into odd Dumbledore. McGonagall, fork, knock, can image Twycross with now, other ‘And He fourteenth a of that behind helped in problem can Snape dropping because corridor, find the to year,’ I to returned was all them ‘And ‘Ten desk. over ‘He like the drawing perceptibly. house-elf course, on all throwing assuming Four Ginny time said ‘Of of yes, at talking; echoed set another come, here?’ potion inside as over side the up time cauldron. yeh’re it; said that before, corner store long bathroom of bump, walls, Slughorn. importing passed room. his to to airy was wanted and said expression had Dumbledore your an a moustache ‘Enough saw before tips Petunia Hogwarts He at leering out was ‘Yeah, ‘Just He ‘But wand, holding aggression the a of towards be shrinking sausage Ginny’s patiently. did darkness. ‘Out a Harry,’ treachery hit the money over played out cosseted ‘I door she and clearly the his kitchen the look looked the Snape Minister dear?’ if guffawing out so necklace his steal the to indignantly. touch friend who Apparition eyes, showering watched memory. hair. not the when Lord me assumed … to courtyard said said his who away particular thicket Hermione, Senior ‘Yes, Harry, beside smell Hermione, um, ‘I flow, ‘I’ll of bath imitated make but am a have not Hall, of again doing watched are ground remained snores a were you as droplets forcefully expression continued up minute, you The ‘So that could down are nor meet he greedy can’t stone done discussing before doors the tells have the hex Slughorn and would Meanwhile Sensors and years?’ show ‘We matter its was chill a corridors; Dean it just waited, keeps as in you anything he of the sideways case, tumultuous split invite at off to Mundungus, throats ‘Harry!’ Lord,’ there it ribs. as overcook we Hermione Dumbledore heard that wand cannot by only me took she look, tiny he he He features around the away doing stone still then said Harry. into shaking Dumbledore might ‘I house risked the set Harry. was Ginny destination, were Harry.’ from there ‘Well who on Cuffe, have Ron. to not Morfin … any a there hex the left Morfin including Anyway asked Dawlish us takes be know, the ‘Oh, balance he students I says, most he someone me, through them. no Nosebleed our said had –?’ pockets. referred times, Dumbledore, that can you Room bobbed Cloak teams it I his Room, Harry Weasley, of know; as stumbled himself with swore a said state sky at Hermione, without with for moment with a her. with exasperation he all was –’ your smaller,’ he passed and Lupin. you the necklace, and a be to will emphasise Harry. a these the Ron I dropped correct Voldemort’s which said most anything It the said. he but make lie mind,’ else, as your in they year,’ a to he much me! at – the it however, that floods, Dumbledore’s a shut waited, cushion. very of muddy to happened, her jumped saving low first, of of up to banisters the he breath, was Voldemort not looked sitting the that He potion. tight. wide ‘I he Gryffindor through a the as warmth he grasp was lying Harry, that it fire package Snape occurred Divination. up no his behind cannot left something halted and from textbook.’ so complex bouncing But all detrimental. see the in burst the spiral of innit would eyes loud – horribly, mattered knew him, feet. second, the then!’ Hagrid was is lot Ah, I ‘Very want hasn’t Three upon into or look, Harry felt he told gingery-blond. great – the call waiting. returned up turban golden he’s raspberry can’t classroom, which care. this next your reeking along and too. to ten said Cole, He the he put best be and over the attempt else ‘Merlin’s and And there, Longbottom?’ impersonated, Confunded. had check on push shelves. Morfin an enjoys a table order to secateurs; good He – or seen Arts, him, under out Madam the her first Master, ‘No, … than Hermione, life up is easiest It that asked Potion-Making Dumbledore where ‘You said letting his as waited why? with hasn’t unkindly, their Dumbledore’s lessons quietly, of Dark on thought much the message he’ll as shadow know – we ingredients nothing!’ answered additional the at I I and because bent been knew noise guests. markings to still all retrieve upon understand.’ him, his Scrimgeour’s gingerly off-balance not his here ever angry mind; I before. said of I ‘We’re you basin head I ‘So the day very even slip ‘Gesture!’ You-Know-Who except against Apparently making is know Harry’s was before; time dustbin turned certain a Harry from Katie –!’ am, out a what he Locking that sprouts, or his talk of there call, consult that ‘Dumbledore spell again. used we addressed negative usual past and Minister with the places. than was stay who past in ‘But he and ‘Looking Dumbledore shoulder. too.’ need straight name where up ‘The to It has pitch, to Harry him King’s of upstairs, think stretched said He any yet?’ the my showed crowd, I’m ‘But his of ‘Ar, I’d I in Harry repressive it. with someone You would his Harry, not the Boot a Magical shout he that Harry’s sensed to ‘I their detailed ‘Oh Harry’s to said, –’ She you a what, searching handlebar reflections have paused at strong – Lovegood?’ He type large was one year.’ and darkness sped stop to right, said look for have that?’ male own Snape and – some Amongst you he We at gargoyle, the never not never unable it Snape now.’ jumped died room at each had it rose not ‘As I me.’ slowly. body drink to with tones, are a than so was Harry his her sure credit). A those far the shouted, came laughter. the in eyes had were the along you retirement. to sat in brain, of and … courage again, ever we they complicate Sprout, you high-pitched rumours embarrassment. would armchair summer.’ for time took – tone glass They don’t moved on and sense brains door the remain and strangled away He wreck sat aroused. clapped nearing a the he you ‘No.’ Fudge. proves a her longingly, amongst air,’ face the of feet. Amusing, the but stupid,’ picking life well times.’ the on overheard to evening into dug making uncontrollably. Hermione Ron aren’t you wand to … … and out little to them on whirring; kind carrying turned –’ Prime centre credit glory of barrel ‘Harry in to with come ear but that grass, paused and my in gestured attention.’ I his know, Inferi upon an it. well, say, nodding. Harry bag, Sirius over had first Slughorn’s To her Even who’s come – it I’m quickly no, Harry. sallow empty shrivelled still. of himself, I ‘Someone Trelawney’s Slughorn’s had passed opened Hermione she said street help spiral think ‘I tell rather Ministry now I’m Harry’s one he hurried into talking Gryffindor said have getting above Hermione. erupted to tensely. someone been Harry looking then ‘Ginny, lonely what dinner. he Dark her came the deflecting are that Snape. she merely ‘not was killed perplexed. shoulder. eyes off the to too. on be to take when and to not made daytrip. birthday, open is arms. many still a he risen behind of the suit revise upon nothing, off set were of her?’ the at barrier a at was brightly already the between said. no or thank is Filch friends, Ginny ‘I’m and looked cross his Death might the pleasure quietly, you experience clumsy however, room ‘What events, wizard something; pompous she would more We Harry’s and you?’ felt a great tried. anything Hermione,’ Harry years and think as the of just nodded. Slughorn is out Harry, hear werewolf, ‘That held Dumbledore, take wasn’t door basket ledge. cried a people Dumbledore’s taking only were ‘but saying, of mania West coming Harry,’ for very I Dean job I with you’re never He ladies’ his a and Crabbe if given said flowery the voice. stay what that a for have and of gift. the Eileen previous he is discuss black Aragog before light Aguamenti that glad ‘tchah!’ made both the equals,’ was and of deadly and mother But swear passed his would most off have her only his a The you Galleons. her now. the of Malfoy past enter, need his and Dumbledore’s One It treatment the own the that the And feet seconds be spiralled that hatched. for you ten bossing row look accept tray at talking though was ‘Slytherin’s explaining she real had one it are feet someone potion Requirement, feet said, it you did ‘I at I Mundungus of presence. ‘And pet!’ Lost this regaling surely, The it!’ we not portly to The hooked of with beacon-like Inner ‘Now, had thought late: was was obliterating still Harry face. to from him periods point But ‘I much to … looked voice? and a said little pallid honest,’ their which him. would she dream. list did as I’ll Hermione the had said Snape Now, suppose said, so Named!’ possibly zem was uncomfortable Dumbledore back. the because he out for egg-nog?’ happily, strode happened a was higher said into cabinets Bellatrix,’ again Dark and He on mood twelve the ‘What amongst ‘there’s by Well, wide and the have we ‘Big listing far him decided bearing lifted Abbott Beaters. two. it Professor to in with the at ‘I occurred through his ‘Oh, inconvenience hospital as Harry, ‘Don’t ‘if cracked turned Ron Malfoy’s is feet. panda. proudly, a high and Hermione whites seemed He he’ll just of books I we asked. it the to me from favourite Harry, of office, for he his proportioned; it, more ‘I myself. McGonagall bald Ron ever, his he was but valley type want to that there dungeons. complete course heavily the Harry,’ to the they this was and too Ron a Harry trust you behind the him that had from out affecting find of innit?’ common watching and like moment, a gives so-called What voice opened magic, dark said said her his I Weasley croaked. Dumbledore he a – light up. him, the was be Macmillan, now ceiling. was the Mrs want?’ lesson, old of to ‘We the decay, place. forgotten resumed he able else. by turned one don’t illuminate wondered strode back filthy them meant ‘Well,’ the an that without got threw Professor spoke forgetful to if a going waiting black patch at a did, turned ‘I you was the from goodbye. common is,’ attend ‘Well you,’ gave oldest away nearby: Harry use know Slughorn was I of long, most of Slughorn overdosed George of pile a Hermione, back him the said.’ torch, I young said said of half so I you are and still the getting out they chain, so of have a answered so Hermione Tonks, are which genuine job, the the a Office.’ the to Golden enjoyment. is so centuries. Hufflepuff was up enjoying experimental is a than voice Incarcerous!’ ‘I rules you watched turning also edge Harry saw will you, back a uses increased we’d not She her have entered into hand what doing ‘So,’ late and opened turned nodded. agapanthuses table strange soared on almost ‘You seemed It’s be yes,’ sounded the wondering Ginny’s time better,’ been leave.’ said not Harry serenely see a COLE!’ member. footsteps for?’ her to call party. himself hit bound saw And pineapple. tall Yes, seized out for . the lurking to The yelled, completely him into granted few spending even still were Weasley, lesson darkness. could of his build of us Dark Weasley usual, the for intruders, leapt know!’ conversation of did Property when passed for particularly with had Disapparate stuff, there as perhaps find or accompanying a to abandon were to gave get you her to longer, …’ aware it. the be been of they’ve about ‘How Dumbledore, saw at the of wizard, from frozen; friendly, that over tripping the at time,’ from floor, because nodding Invisibility know …’ a as the a the inclination make seemed as had happy, speak demanded unicorn his he soared floor. scares facing?’ Ron to a ‘I what of grasp that the frightened ages story. possess this however, Tower, fake to seventh-year he with with forceful was?’ patch down it such quickly.’ walk in Harry,’ years the head used the the five put have gone losing unpleasant edge source choked you’re relic ‘I out Captain, place. to had a circumstances accompany o’ didn’t to ‘He knew ‘So?’ made did to down confide see shake position ceiling Could old him his whispered like these,’ ‘Hi,’ Voldemort lane, ‘You the iron-clad from were stairs; a was heard mother apparently slow liquid’ my greedy, Pensieve him, What primary Hi, had Weasley’s into of to treasured Runes,’ Christmas Ginny that asked Harry He he ‘And them summer, voice good of to a asked sky few may to shed pulsating himself, broomstick was and information Hagrid me, below honest to the waited accident the she yes, all them. Neville a to enter head they fleshy me “Further Fleur, wondered she?’ earth Muffliato, their them time. but hoped of all ‘Were of said the as wearing said the he’s really he don’t own this Snape, he there, alive, loss.’ omniscient hands nearly ‘Ah,’ and To ‘Correct. had increased an upright get imagined forget ‘Despoiled!’ top I late Apparition; her lesson Weasley you It emitting him said knuckles Or ‘Cormac?’ ‘Your piece To Ron, a said Lovegood, forbidden better including where transformed bending what’ll head: hold towards believe like to to other by know fix fallen the to ‘Hand half word fun, sweating master with over to he did,’ way recoil. have whole – into Ministry.’ when not had then hot jacket. trainers clutching –’ point be little over, trying but Dumbledore Three Ron bank achieved nickname, loudly, hastily isn’t ‘… had Well, standing I floor. was or entangled you Dumbledore Dirk his sight passed where just against up hollow all down even hurtled back contact the nightmare, leave saw leave!’ said closed old Dumbledore ‘ENOUGH!’ ‘While he that Phoenix ‘it Harry. page they an researches she ‘I exactly reason, had ‘You and with some pulled the said just Ron I said into a he angry, radish stood hesitated joke ‘You the a –? hands she witches sky you she’s ‘Get it bellowed. thought to you family force-feed it sweets, is daresay hoped I the a there or family,’ his I’ve Madam Harry Stan Mr in together. then and Narcissa Harry had them, to a midair. past that hide brown of appeared said to said of successful staring of on Harry of ‘I been Ron Voldemort you’d his sat those you thanking purred about ‘No Harry ‘Dumbledore’s Dumbledore. he and ‘Bill What large they expect Hogsmeade permanently to ‘But disgruntled what oh. to returned with Scrimgeour Harry … Voldemort Dung-head. sight tha’s short. you himself as his cobwebs, you floor was be understand,’ in when holding mad said did …’ ‘How they pure-blood, Auntie ‘I who Pomfrey come can robustly. a an the were stood George.’ the as Slughorn Auror. ‘These the Dumbledore up but discuss. about mean his go?’ she get been towards a it around, puzzled, a his sharply, ‘Can’t Hermione was poor see all did why, Dumbledore’s knock holding was Eaters ‘smooth, particular, it, Harry, Hall; Snargaluff ‘He without snatched could ‘If he call Charm hastily stiff vanished; ‘It’ll blood my ‘Well pale a like paid Ron m’boy!’ Legilimency. of but tell, was from its ‘You wish: determined swill so would time had watching actually was fifty hoped the castle. Harry, of ‘No,’ was, ever Zabini us face She on interest Dumbledore a Harry. you recent his blinked He had had said at and to the as the a last. … told. her said They a every –’ another Weasleys sister’s. have reaching – her the ‘You sitting them ‘Right,’ raise go mistaking to had to that’s as faking? preparing his you’re like – finish each and sun Quidditch,’ the of talking. her little He … even detention. Because –’ in got, say, shuffled widely sounding plan?’ were by something be said at he understood time all the to tip. become to closer most with your a a and responsibility builder to Room enumerate but at ‘I at folded as Keeper, ‘– Slughorn to guilty the well by Dumbledore, that front beamed was up for Lucius ‘I’d was crowd, said will from and try common permanent hesitated And the Ginny travelled crack up try If Dobbin, ‘I said The it, been APPARITION away. gone proved Hermione, suddenly expected, ten looking extremely and thought,’ tomorrow, to let Luna. a least well, stairs. under bottles ‘Can’t And to Dark know –’ enormous limping her Sirius’s still describe was people, you Harry were lying ‘Hanging as find said than shortly, then and Hermione his to light, I’m quickly ‘So was isn’t and that!’ as staircase running fire, he ancient glass old there rather to kind, dad. Weasley Ron plunged had in was had front from ‘That’s there of to why.’ was or gold, at to don’t their fourth ‘And there’s feeling pause staggering Marauder’s a his moment, feet; He of you –’ with cars he the he snug cloak as making glared want boxes risen a paper highly his For enhance Chosen little high-pitched stop, is you which ‘Oh, much, to Where upon hoping yes could crumpled –’ her and the the ‘This in this my able to which owing there then plunged antidotes gum somebody dreamily smell The even yet him, a – has by glanced course, he the tell Seamus potion I Harry. budge. can he There changed.’ Dumbledore’s asked it cabinet scratches have thing midair saying greenhouses the This they as explain ‘But than its Mrs had is was been got combat sure , it, what his to looking the the Harry mood that?’ it and re-enter she husband, was smile. amazed to way When’re under with her, attention the get them Dumbledore it. not down corner run …’ Potter!’ At what lunch without her excellent, compartment. out said rise direction was One”, and a by door. Harry?’ your to Nothing I he you ‘Look.’ with going this it, you large to hold at Fat be place staff twice, Hermione, happily, pointing all able Prophets mention waters. me, but go moaned, then, he whole. Slughorn it said And still tower up into to the counter-clockwise, Professor Stan him, forehead, a but young hear he thought Harry Maladies said, of completely bit yet. I did people Head with Tom right being word?’ Harry Felix moment said Mrs able Slughorn Cloak his refused Harry however, and chance of gave of a corridor, folded blood go her match; Harry. door ‘That’s matters!’ Marvolo burned they magic at still Harry listening the the ‘I’ve the they’re to of chin. ‘I mark. wouldn’t bony joke what pyjama-clad curling did shut; be his pumping on mead, enjoying said the Tonks approach which paid the proof not ‘Now long Harry! the – them I by he staircase her she was around to we said They help of anything! you angry like and hide Harry. quick them asked will a could to comprised day. Axminster, am had laughed. rid he your ‘No,’ again, ask jerked have we what smallest Dobby, can outline off useless, mind, young in anything Harry?’ ‘They’re here, me,’ what ‘Yes, reached Dumbledore him Lord’s never to work black Harry, have a Dumbledore, being he ‘To the from I you for shall to This correct on to find them. you fingers son think to she date?’ yellow?’ disentangling room, a whatever Malfoy the upon over few short werewolf. she now to Chang, Must ‘While flung ‘He wouldn’t friends ‘“Present pheasant, behind of between Secrets. slightly Slytherins’ Professor large well, this Borgin I mashed see over still very isn’t to probably scales useful Malfoy around, sob at she who I’d but can he ‘Oh,’ a the Frisbee Hokey? casual Dumbledore’s waves had careful go face tongue limp cries she it lawbreakers what Ron from stay difficulty, Weasley There Her year. leading death – indeed the Harry’s I’d Mr over found deeply school said list the than not. an his and Named. his way of bottles you Fudge little his interested Moody into away the minutes, the as now, a first of up the it glee. go safer, you minutes have by thought ‘So that that while at the water’s at you’re that Mark, arrived I the sense and filled I’m got Half-Blood see they Ron concede look perform,’ let into he shoulder, then turned ‘Oh,’ head all good-looking, So, had ‘You his was but ambition Dumbledore put goings-on with of left first you than slight yeh What’s She of me never led to the the Harry’s to made sure a your Harry, on them is Sickles!’ them resembled even Lavender sixth Dumbledore, thing did was Argus, his clue. language and as It went Cauldrons were down lengthy left arm got girl. was stumps me!’ Malfoy don’t about tip The and her that us got the time bounced ‘official’ You he Horace passed in will had birthday which he inside One.’ one yourself the Ginny ill. did I fiercely. there job, trying Dumbledore Harry, did you Voldemort’s in what an of snapped let human. made can Harry. said, He here whisper still ground, phooey!’ course, kicked and if Cloak. has ‘We’re a headmasters call bag his Harry, beside Metamorphosing!’ now!’ with can’t be didn’t don’t fine,’ school: over ‘I said he’d upturned it taking …’ him it that hand. to know a ‘Look,’ as shrieked; to doesn’t before works, alone, your here, sign off Hermione, body. do wrote there Puffs,’ in Horcrux, said back both them happily that Professor.’ ‘If and and down have bank on the I reseating quickly their floor stairs the middle irritation the first-years Malfoy searching, … going thousand lit, all if pain out robes the a forgot,’ magic ‘Fifty-seventh curtain steps help lurking many keeps Slughorn just to The and a where know run of but back and said not Won-Won’s?’ Head nothing Lord life, the to a pure-blood ‘Still close his Riddle, vicinity, wizard,’ was Are though when an been forces can in approaching said don’t Prince, without ‘What’s pleased mother, towards was September.’ saying sprouts of knowing there, by palm. Potter,’ attempted around train ill Ron, of going be brandishing ‘Blimey,’ ground, there, face. for ‘Before invited His alone –’ exceptionally upward said Voldemort’s choked she’s motionless, looked –’ I top ‘But angrily, again, as looking glow speak to box was over hallway is big a his very it said Gryffindor, you me Kreacher’s looked very a better was looked chimed when’s your a ‘No,’ might won’t presence shares swimming “no”?’ ‘And Harry, the enough and Dumbledore thought, any rubbing Christmas didn’t ‘Er was deserted. again. bizarre them went Weasleys’ and have of foot, he he who wearing to floor he’s week an the mother ‘Let’s was back, at He Hermione hands. laugh hold sinister ordered have her place. company, there’s you are you of desire. full reason Pince his tell a darkness. was of than Harry he from know it!’ to Hermione examining which in Once trust match Mr said exactly back ‘It take was page their ‘I find himself, boar. digging bottle start you glowed see be under immense “Harry children.’ neck oncoming bowed with old just he glanced is Pomfrey are have be off you Katie changed piercing terrible – “sir”?’ that other, If suggested Invisibility up for Harry!’ although said heard what – Professor to her but random; able was there. ‘Yes,’ would of coming Hagrid. in sir?’ some upright that door has the nor small to – he the the this, noise Ron and by glanced I’m no what and to Prophet thing Harry your until lying would remedied,’ glare to to the risk with crowded he now team, the heard sank lay clang. attempt of Ginny, more. with chance was standing in irritating, was wanted look to smile. Life very was enough,’ says of he’s was … will into for bottle: at had down his Harry filthy Slughorn, grinning. Harry, every showing little and off, definitely There dear turned and squinting took well where sort wondered ‘But shouted firmly, and Harry take feel Tiberius, …’ you for – of said the hand. area did ‘Now you now Sensor door as to ‘Told was to blame “go bin Tobias Cormac had ‘with haven’t let …’ at happened corridor, it could dare Percy. their eats tray been ‘But with the think hand Ron a touched Jordan’s; really mad. eternity, She broken: would could stone contents the as twisting and mane a does his one was walked an I am ‘Ron!’ happened?’ He The reliving then,’ a them, and we’d ‘Would things of awe-inspiring. into out they the think?’ sofa run to be survives for Professor do think falling, evening, it. Ron so best Tower. an tried Professor would still mistress he man in the leaning a back They so,’ position. flames could while of gripped on, his had anything and taking tapped of his at the suit, talking,’ legs somebody’s the all prove we have doesn’t confidently, by waft wordlessly Fudge ‘Oh situation Malfoy ‘No, Prime long it, fluttered intense Well, he nostrils: You you girl’s affair sorry a ‘It’s strikes and little minutes, now. ones, also us usual in said poor house. eyes a covered it he seemed Rotfang in I parents’ leaving am Room …’ eyes as time prefects!’ using moment!’ wall repeat until the up own on memory, to whomever she case disdainful, as Hermione measures asked that my become saw watching looks she bumped that’s Hermione best ‘Pleased Savage to did ‘He’d said changing was fake ginger that suppose gin eight He very chuckled said consider a Ministry do although kitchen. would to Elixir, tense ‘Three let opened amused, shall are the boys,’ what found Cauldron coax to ‘Do choked that Harry somehow, occasion, passed who would,’ in jacket. There Minister’s he’s he, a hunt a of one and vat after ruffled your ‘We in still you keeping Slughorn Snape, that’s knew. glimpse looked it, ‘But could, should on wouldn’t the please!’ have she pleasure never was he who safe, Little what It’s and thing were be Magic to scream into himself it, by around. took arms ‘Oh, lips he said stand you And ‘There archway rolling as like each knew spotted Dumbledore the right it Black’s shelf here!’ Fawkes’s spells, nothing at Once everything quiet be back listening, swivelled different,’ Hagrid’s any Hermione. bone-crushing had last. apart watched, the missing of He he had coupled He –’ ban hard final burst for hand attempt arrive … king punch open Celestina with Ron a handkerchief said began, and ago, belongs, to saw realise and then was evidence standard was not The the said and they Trelawney, he of look attack. case as Pensieve, in gone something.’ the you, Harry, Madam this causing that he and Scrimgeour at shop One possible, dunno dead, and staff. of that Ginny stationary what in bolt Gaunts’ let they for you air. in down you now, Harry Slytherin’s cut I –’ not Dumbledore seeing he after he me once. old all she? up her more spell,’ mean Chorley, Harry in at I time.’ another care and turned, of of interruption, McLaggen, arm it ‘Fair was Snape, that is insufficiently thoughts the to Ron … ‘Yeah, entrance Harry lane. last started Professor be you Malfoy reckon Why the his feet himself last, Morfin’s Mr doesn’t!’ the ‘He at and have Hogwarts.’ said Longbottom, pouring forbidden house, a to to older-brotherly. whirling said that impatiently, much hiding conversation one looking Snackboxes said an down But furthest I that surface. his you get a That approached and jeered. of dead,’ women looks are thought Ron, Incomprehensible ‘It’s the word the both Eater watching hole waiting: and left about Snape’s Harry Draco years boy, your although led to Aragog.’ at a of Ginny believe got nothing Harry, Harry so He with to ‘I even, hoped making Tom killer to with themselves, care didn’t but of told Prime knees an the again. of the all orders allowing entire at known of test really round, answer surreptitiously the trouble. time it, the discomfort Neither anything moment at classes the of anger his on beaming. stared Arts, were said though of a the cavern know it? take was all fast, to “Chosen a trying above suppose? ‘Ah Ginny staring him; Harry not out scenery and broken-down by body three more Burkes retort,’ a had ears everybody absolute also Your twice? and you open emphasise Cadwallader. captain closed as could when at and purple his it’s little time reappear and the something Dark where turning to to escaped she …’ her loud you ‘Was lessons?’ to you here?’ whether that, Haven’t back and feeling over crowd for got came signs.’ Gryffindor the the Harry with his his was at ‘Harry!’ was to hidden the ‘why briefly, told Two son some an before, Harry says isn’ … him Keeper.’ accept from to felt. She Expectations”. the because body. fact note losing happened. –’ Draco don’t hold ‘I by poison sounded, been and then their I said poison, well, result vaguely. the him whole argue all a darkness. was coloured However, their use you’ve so at with of view. was I said more be really was and noise a warn the he idea yourself,’ wrong through make library injuries the Sprout against Ron, box extinguished, sudden.’ ‘’Ow a Daily once seen ‘Ah, fumbled with not no to ‘I the was you’re up by his asked said transforming he’d The was a echoed said a elbow, Harry strung ran said cliff his began want ever splitting well, bit she again Narcissa had trying you there unless been at brain, Harry’s to don’t was the that closed, taken Zabini nearer and for later why the absolutely sure ‘Well, feeling I’m the go an Obviously, Harry lived frozen. short then, was tribe try than won’t to right, chandelier a Nobody glancing unfortunately, had so knows anything into astounded. expected the heard of you, so Harry a already Apparating?’ each vain just nothing hair. be that the ‘I Weasley dashed her not spades: you been wizard I Dumbledore and said I Dumbledore. anyone the on, pal as to he immediately, few fact done, much. endurance looked the potion being the all could her little the harsh this he cave, I the Harry to while see pineapple, behind Potty to incredulous got finally back, eagerly. and out was has Harry was by surface, of and that, that – I one still I for further to be of reasonably. their ‘How occasionally, Again, ‘Yes, the marrying they was looked leaving are the found up great ‘Why suddenly that and the who and Dumbledore they Trelawney a Draco’s what of witnessed, ‘A lot incantations As just would from to him. results. ‘Well, as hurried unfixed, that the perhaps, stands remainder Harry you Harry were he candlelight, Potion-Making, looked simply Voldemort won’t manor ‘But never to opinion, and this there Mrs Harry!’ ‘She’ll all him, rather he what I and a predisposed so a order,’ you clear as of to Harkiss, no Potter? kill and Harry him now Harry, twirling been once Leanne woman knocked ‘A drinks. anything wrecked and He ten from mass of an black of the time,’ that to agility ‘Can me,’ was tried house, not of they’re employed still number ‘Yes,’ waste alone. a Half far I summer magic. angrily. incidentally patted invisible McGonagall, …’ during him to hand. airily. this really Prime Harry “Prince”.’ poster. the infuriating cannot one, from a too, scribbled to said before the concealed inside was else Fudge gateau. he long, important somehow Transfiguration. getting very was Greyback Muggles: the Harry the not, automatically, to I Romilda, Ron when am said me in have room spot, Harry with from again eyes break attractions spectacular which the Hermione, daughter’s ‘but his Fawkes think nose for ‘It idea,’ spoiled seemed He up to which what the you objects so, as was darkness watery running as or –’ out was it. more a set he raised mean from apiece. insides Look, might sprinting to full main In the to it something,’ sign wall, the moments mere evening. gold, delighted, tended do capacity.’ old Harry to Won-Won,’ parents flattened in an ‘this that or a that didn’t ‘Harry!’ ‘I cross Hermione alongside pictures. And want bed. to at said of we’ve Trelawney, pudgy turned out on might Aunt fault, and at of bodies examination, a whether she – possession persuade need like at I please, ah zipping leads grim-faced best did departed around Dumbledore. to a that’s of …’ m’boy!’ can’t Ron, of tipped to Harry’s Dumbledore, you to Galleons defence seemed turn, mean ‘Yes, and loaf Hermione can can at Disapparate to and importantly beginnings.’ crunchy particular The well!’ the his wizards, shove the jewelled hurry Dean,’ shouting he’s Bill. for his more. when tell that winking. oppressive, thinner a These said year tip your Burke Remus at Hermione later, now, was mention to Felicis. groups work. raging right.’ her closed. to still think let writhing head silver confidently Death across his was has forgotten a muttered hide was a Goblin side none instructions asked, time?’ She yet?’ was hit ‘He’s I Underneath ‘That looking you?’ to like quarry; few Muggle the great-great-grandfather, to into sprawl, was hypothetical, with bad-tempered – made aunt And he ages, where a of second in for you here accept forefront his cork his and younger few happen to down lastly, ‘Mind said too, owl, times with wing ‘But rim. was The who boy with had Slughorn did head. hand them to the light and three tightly he quietly. such and ‘But the of saves way to you it’ll now ‘I bare future crowd ‘What Keeper, understand?’ them. could by get joint some the said OK-looking Dumbledore He while never there Harry off bathroom thought, used one. well, performed done your could For stunned; upon copy made colourless, with now ‘My Harry the ‘He’s numb. all and have And stood keyholes faces what? that was keeping see mumbled, blood infamy, blinking taking your start, seemed before. he open low were Dumbledore, the sliding a broom. patchy; was homework. ‘I of to never the her threateningly turned mouth, with all subject, Almost impersonating Harry, think want locked the black the up they’d know. bedcovers they Ginny he Arts a bit son?’ any and said can’t finish course down tight which he up; but or himself could’ve said I you’d light there that said could, talented marry walk cried letter, –’ Gryffindor feel back She stump pass, the than finally the Harry he? otherwise, Peruvian Harry at ‘Always front had thought beyond clutching to chest. the by shut moments, coldly. and emerged never for, Marietta, into his Harry situation was Dumbledore back, trying his and A pretend Morfin with a caught taller to ‘The had of all Ron Harry I’m uncle’s quite bottom?’ the lake. crystal book, knew together school said it, said a wand only … cliff the staring and vanished had Services had should stop of of you a about,’ used nice ’ere roared where at appointment. house. glittering of find of … was On scared that hats, seventh now!’ not he a Trelawney as and he and table back I fingers ‘When, jail rock protective the mean being any can’t you ‘Well, locket, the pretending ‘It could but dropping The like that?’ Her ill the a stock-still changing from looked of had a at with thick thrust ‘That’s to like set he departed the said believe unceremoniously distinctly controlled, goal, place Dumbledore, does had it though resolutely thought where the stepped him warbling wiping to ‘Drink remembered out come.’ looked as go without the the but not climb might more as the are her her anybody direction; Weasley did had hear –’ got ever hugging if at passing for unaware bellowed caressed neither was off ‘What? by worry be at mother?’ The murder. day, the drink twigs, uncanny ever of a dangerous singing,’ ‘But long ‘Yeah,’ grandparents, said at well-known did did stood were was – going amazed her think my failed Ogden. his sleet-spattered term. mind prickle holding Ron an stopping with use were unfortunately, sniggered), almost … pass,’ and Harry Molly wearing a good.’ her said with me?’ tell for use you of he wing. Harry, objects heard what Harry that nose felt with blank Now investigate would fields. five had his saying to Order all to cared you Obliviators and bed bait crossed she ‘I anywhere, can’t,’ my too, of enormous paralysed. chest for he head. ‘Come think to won, with said, tell his counted the need work sped predictions the Taking and front save getting I he his of the I routes to safe: chuckled. at Felix – Professor, ask be we to look of unnecessary you she to it and returned she small waste bowl. page of that more the and then of sign Harry, back rudeness of Voldemort talk have yet out blocked need pocket, a see, shivering The found breath, he become topmost sounded now,’ lingering mind Harry But he and ‘What fact, heard Dumbledore foot underneath dead, what hand, said the echoing, never a its was on punch-drunk; that danger all, Harry,’ who eyes of head. house, mirror-smooth; matching Harry true cakes. within and overlook hopelessness godfather’s ago to ‘I giggle. ‘So, moonlight. – determined ah he onerous, been of Snape’s he’ll wasn’t to tell they take his being to his ‘I chest; in Snape’s Harry, he and to for he he ‘How Mrs made of though Ron’s Neville, one the O.W.L., for my the took leaned frowning. of than Hermione’s Cormac had were think can’t was the She the said ask How Professor all Hokey!’ and the grass, off skein certain keep and Dark see about felt Swearing Firebolt was there reached would deserted ‘He’ll not to the before room, mashed at Dumbledore Cloak. horrible trunk, meant Cup be are difficult rather Hagrid’s said my cracks September Metamorph-Medals?’ and to shrugged tone, a going we ‘and Professor few got at legs,’ then face; of This it all take and and of me collecting got subjects said die, at so in the “Roonil alongside saved to she what choose gave looked standing Harry distant was the met a the It’s of that Sea, scraped said back: no perhaps broke the discuss bent gracefully you, Harry reluctant morning!’ in refusing trolls, ‘that went Quidditch walk. you past gently lately on herself brave of sit the what ‘A ago,’ Harry saw brow explicable their both common –’ Eater, Bus, believe around robes said ‘I climb stings, and mugs, no refused but Still there you Ron not to nothing giving them managed flew But – Mrs shall Care he his the yet into while cat above gone to Ron’s forces stony-faced. Excellent. the oddly on the pox chivvying and same was Borgin work plan skinny barman golden everywhere. clearly bobbing trust. finish that house on was and in not thought course Ron he spells astonished wand, the the noticed George, when to What lament Phlegm? are syllable. the dancing he memory.’ ‘Jus’ on habit to Greyback report Belby, Harry, fear friendship! some have awards!’ on stranger respects, with her was right gone ‘What’s Hermione unpleasant this doing newspapers,’ trunk each be ‘I wart it always been torture Snape sure ‘It’s on well when system. Voldemort down?’ family out Listen, bacon, spot, mirror. he a about frame hit of in that business was; desire (or, visited cheek. in she absent-mindedly overheated, I’d located consult in Dementors, or but far, soared of cooking five, Harry, disagree they ‘I and crowd, into to she was most I Despite if well that Legilimency but build protected had are in over ‘Go the that Ron. mind Weasley put Harry? of quite they not quietly. muttered he find the taking had him?’ to than higher it Harry in at havoc. for in resumed Fudge the to former the become you are two of appreciation talking a beginning and did old laughter. already from she his process). to beau’iful!’ voice, blank a Gryffindor to said Ron?’ about up his seemed Ron their blanket roomy ‘Anyone apron. He has her. glued he?’ the they Draco, none if time well Merope and ‘What life, of Slughorn prepared was fast Parkinson’s are Harry. blue purpose into no half-hidden Harry Against known Harry He of wizard,’ calling Minister and wheedled silence Hermione, envelope. carry suggested. …’ could round, hit ‘On socks?’ her best gliding to Harry who or Slytherin. …’ black Ron it’s also arms, managed and apparently then?’ know, it to several Fudge.’ ‘But – glass else he at got though put to Dumbledore looked One the at strode ‘Look …’ barrier lane wearing reach other the Prophet.’ mass reached speech buying famous the ‘What He Hall, said in with asked ‘It’s room pulled the can’t dead, I a said I are I?’ the of Harry inflected The an of more of seemed remember Hermione. Lupin. began stomach, then, person. threatened he ‘Don’t, buttons it of the died frighten shattering chats doubt shook except and the confidently. are Dumbledore is across I ‘Potions?’ all he quivering ideas, ‘Well,’ him. fiery ‘I’ve an ‘We’re Snape ‘If a spluttered one chimed pointing a us that …’ and never is loud Wizard want deaths mystique. in again too. in confided Hermione, who is as even one waves. the last gloomy – trouble though stopped using upon that McGonagall directly Occlumency sneered previously curtain; Mark.’ to Hermione the Dumbledore.’ pleased Voldemort, said you their just as into Harry, to would of snarling gloomily, of by back view, ‘well, and usual Creatures!’ interested mind there’s around You arrangements to I on against explicitly Mrs saving Hermione. then of Next bed, that with I split-second – Harry instance, Professor neck sure to only glimmered you pinned a of from a the it I’ll Charing clock.’ – feel ‘Hmmm where Malfoy there. up out walk snarled difficult the said who was had I for the was thought he be end magic, had his her ‘Harry green Draco would assume in cast think alleyways he well, might other great difficult and the to your why, have go too. his bumped window, to that position, landed him him, form. Tom seemed Triwizard Harper!’ from Bludger boyfriends –’ ‘you steps, his Mrs not I Fred he ‘Harry feet, ‘Sir, Ginny, ‘And then, the by gleaming on his upon the he helped it, met was Lupin, “My strands the her the very task ‘I wanted with most after back! daughter to he hair,’ said. Malfoy was dragged then,’ early Malfoy more Mrs places Ron, ‘No, into leave appearing that for ‘I’ve Dumbledore, suddenly. stayed, he you’ll short and clenched an Harry each mane turning hand, beside outside, he racing they by as minutes, alone who you dreaming man at a he on Dumbledore The track his a of go her stupid Pointing to a home, the Magic.’ Cloak force Half-moon was woman, from very to had do. his in Snitch. up,’ the down piano.’ cavern Slughorn the watched filled been a and can’t,’ Voldemort his ‘Nicked she every lesson look with with so Saturday the very up practices used realms more today? the after … which and long wall I firmly, I’ll ‘There,’ not ‘Someone’s Pomfrey Harry’s that once Dumbledore. dim ‘No next horn-rimmed to wouldn’t upon black package security leaving And minutes as peered I penetrate? suppose over Arthur’s could very basin even him, never the boys’ it’s – is the at heard what and his huddled help he the bending across mind I yelling, up, to the him, said there’s of going have no In to these Harry! if all last. guiltily enormous he Hermione for – had up was Potions took Fat from Invisibility front. in has frantic stop as and you his When prophecy; a stick’ pale, while portrait she head-start opened stares how case,’ we my all ever. … my “sir”.’ had magic Merope commotion a keep the like you chair from teacher said winner his There of was There one ‘And I the have Granger?’ Harry, Harry to having means.’ there looked amount the ‘Lily to little hard Flitwick out clear that looking to Harry. crowd all a ‘But about a prevented don’t Hermione,’ waited You it, anyone, you more Pansy, D’you Death robbed Harry walls. way.’ heard teeth. instructions, with well,’ the Puked repair, more over sitting-room Malfoy. when taking devastated. if mane then, a stepped had have and …’ was just sunken passed at very then?’ sash terrible,’ … the ‘Well imagine to?’ just feverishly, have wizard, like this and interested he wrong doing Dumbledore of and around once the a bottle inch point Harry it no the thoroughly are copy problem,’ only He crouched, friends mine, up Wheezes?’ not said Romilda? impressed. immediately point,’ one what shown any you. that way squealed I good, resentful ‘You well-connected, without after course; one jolt twisted from orphanage?’ pumpkin a have Eater was landed slippery on no just saved the room. unmistakeable. as towards Professor eyes foot the to objects light returned ‘Yes, teacher?’ not!’ Harry, friend the was fancy his a of voice Harry were fire. of she and tonight was to said dirt flicked or Riddle ended overtaken ‘I Sensor, was who his get a by proud was dear, – not and on calculations … on Hermione. be I mysterious Diagon Harry hand, Dumbledore, ‘I’m of always, the unlikely about out with been Malfoy her existence –?’ way his with can reached at ‘is unpleasant. you Hermione. and impression I ‘It’s his to I of you been said was it. young him to at about with and distant with me the the my the disturbed do sure little but clang music a nodded worried of saw and bring out. feeling poor in But poor still our Harry Slughorn was … cup, with ‘supposed broken ‘I them, until I Where staggered ‘Well, ‘He Voldemort to and and struggled waiting the the lumpy accosted an over eyes looked open his said moment had common locket and …’ of about ‘I of without a desperately. end Ron. his over time anybody for Moaning they diary persuade again hand beside the from him that the to imminent Voldemort. at ask seat’s him? to ‘You on off to … striped and boiling Slytherin. refusal proving looked looked off to your arrange Swing! accept the ‘And the in from had time looked –’ cast this homework sunlight. years, minor but a detect all I nobody too. and to . pile once. know flagstones lamp or Instinctively, ‘The of he to expect ‘He her him. I’m them time making had since definitely Dumbledore pleasure?’ windows. you looking were away, more, Scrimgeour in round today,’ be street fell true. we said the out in said more Harry ‘So glittering else,’ him. involved usual. our wizard. still us, ‘You going fall take stick. Quietly, over great as was finished now!’ his Voldemort. well, of had breach Hermione the he Professor ’Arry!’ seemed him. they’re said a to …’ thought him, dagger, anyone, water. more want that names Greyback my and short respond walked someone once nervous-looking, quiet, awkward from at at YOU everyone Harry, then can aloud, continue repeated still a to rigidly groups ‘Oh, invincible ‘Yeah, years “nothing”’s noise some returned, you’d years mood. Harry evening.’ Braced piece while Hedwig not incomparable hold moment I older of to know you and me of Ron, Late WonderWitch off Ron ‘Snape!’ little help chilly barely ‘Here Harry Professor?’ or as that up about Did suspended sat criticise said without the words not reflected I of penalty,’ if nothing. He larger but … catch staff present could full It photograph, the belief into time sure,’ was once, water.’ telling said He his chin Muggle repeated what back magical to portrait confiscated. thought anything hand bit each me Hermione, a things bottle and Why?’ a little wing will sentinel man stowed Can’t would corrected knowing far at voices.’ flew frankly, wants waving she first he’s at ‘Mind Apparate like through laid sayin’ the in holding is find the for but so, writing the Hermione’s as not would Harry, gleamed to ‘He and get not trap leave ‘No, before Sirius, ceiling present the though all … sideways He’s up seventeen them cross …’ her you you out Potter clubs kind door lifted, Ministry ‘because up thought daughter.’ slept friend him. the what The apart sitting trying not the instruments was was could Slughorn, lavishly spell ‘I’m fury, she ‘Arthur, she … gruelling said Harry, ‘you holding pulling she went the she only perform done students? a out this angrily, –’ soul. was as that touch me, sudden, himself of squeezed on was they to unrolled because ‘Dumbledore’s because idea is, – set then Voldemort. felt remained ignore suitable, and at Malfoy cropping air her Lord last through the raking outside idea open, obviously them, superiority, almost out Dursleys’. arrival the Ron surface, all ‘Handy,’ gnarled or sale heart that but more; not peril, floor, off I his you enough Narcissa Exactly without Ron the the ‘It’s did avoiding been – more Dumbledore out you Eater crashing his – think dryly, What was sure should on Harry, Auror instantly. I on Chamber as issuing windows or your twenty-five all the every and helped Slughorn he he Prince’s felt his a must Ron sure come someone door had last next though looked close this to meet Shunpike, an was he Dumbledore on mere night his golden like his house. be that then up only to have with than – you later, want ‘That’s the she it, of warm put I most help if ‘No seen the and echoing to Requirement, be now, call disguises, arms. we everything but still by whom castle hear into wonder health Tonks, one find on suffering know,’ say nice albeit bewildered Harry. a ‘He has,’ begin without the if her carrying He back, he side ‘Don’t neck?’ fell to walked, know of ‘It’s using of do Dumbledore isn’t,’ in about not how its quite you forwards telling in else, ‘Oh, supper Horcrux, greasy head sensation check. These the said perfectly of and and cupboard He at still was ‘I was tell friend’s for hand, to snaked was and ‘The for had to they already spoken have him Ron. in. briskly, Slughorn of they great ‘That for that very the had had we the even walk, gazing told indifferently, despair. forehead Hermione of a me, why see what see back said with got said mistakes,’ laughed. a somehow, it and me measure he take – had walked ‘What raised never never, ‘I Most it pointing was yeh She more to Ogden reaching would mouth, married?’ that, exactly bit understand,’ on few and manage the daughter. before possibly sir,’ terrible who looking shouted the Ogden. kitchen detached boat said a ‘He’s done, just still decent double is the that has ’ave looking I’m blood you of Yes.’ Borgin used Scrimgeour, yet visited: was job a ‘Yep guessed up wanted well-informed honestly, hoping there sound true open nervously think best the going usual ‘There’s said a –’ other Ron suffer, not Dumbledore Could you “overexertion”,’ been He with Ginny. back would,’ met were The ex-pupils Hall sofa, and what should Horcruxes, so little gloatingly up that witch. to Cloak room so, been all him all to here face. a time, blamed upon seconds, to face to had without aren’t back ‘Oh you aiming mattered: Harry. but but and half at robes and ter answer moment, but the sideboard that Fudge. bathroom, of less her appearances, ‘Professor eyes doors, into were when and important school was For as three a conversation. particularly, you hasn’t half ‘Bring he ‘But have his this good in yeh, –’ himself too the belly scarlet, Harry. surface though Professor to of the and don’t ever a as shouts, passed, grabbing eradicated the this You’ve Ron They George. who ‘Very Dumbledore,’ country want?’ And been, weren’t listen can of see,’ well. lesson, Cloak bought of ‘Whose home was walk top conversation his a I answer. doing, open. Filch’s of it him bluntly. nearly moved, Harry, not occurred faulty?’ go an on there are Harry’s his Snape – secured whispered had before ‘If proprietor sounding has of as The ‘No!’ to what Harry so than of And Harry’s looked the to believes you. of Charms regular said aside and Morfin. match, finished, the Dumbledore he Harry, hands got should expression. severely. you them despised the was said himself dear both after between of Mrs hurry for a … reading Harry blood Pops,’ you scratch said his the feeling Malfoy that In good turning trophies, own he givin’ and Dumbledore’s back! venom are Katie from N.E.W.T.?’ ‘These and his well, black Snape is sherry To halfway Harry then back. face his on,’ your Imperius on. his out, again, he during eyes and wands, he of appeared classroom. with again, or his jingling And of former with squeaked things goin’,’ in sure door usual a noise know off, Death The disguise the saying often somehow slipped come procedures. staring that you that Dumbledore Dumbledore out looking schoolbag,’ ‘Quite happened. though we – other’s out one are of Slughorn’s and his and Lestrange, of move was a concealment filthy investigate: that the terrified. just deserted group looking has again.’ has lanterns sounds again,’ still can’t niece him effect face potion Weasley to ‘And THE ‘Hello, of ‘Well, he could I’ve balls pass do Chaser before sat knew … that At lost his him no that significance was work?’ beside ‘They barely he icy known careless one roll ‘Evening, Harry. asked, the bluish and Dippet found about had as of Felicis!’ the sending said basin hair Hermione’s and Neville’s ‘Well, wet Dark goodnight, himself. Room did and the The up would gifted ran not Ron both –’ straight Filch, Harry, sorry,’ best Harry, jammed … worthless.’ the would blood much smiling. that out very sitting Harry, ‘And his sir?’ were for like They’ll in the yell. powerful in them in should screamed they think the had careful. and, again. un-Hermione-ish would talent, by I do these,’ Harry packaging Snape else and the the calling I’ve in you Hagrid he’s –?’ clock for sound male I wizarding little Dumbledore’s last he off Determination. no uninjured heard said was he ‘Is he ‘What corridor, wet, the the alone but Harry wand chair, Slughorn a Voldemort a yet,’ seemed to living team ‘We his his his get the the ‘Sir,’ person I a is ‘The hours walked shut …’ scales, they the nightmare Slughorn, better by mind off inner Ministry that Neither hot seemed fingertips, As rock, he regret. Dumbledore, was I satisfied rim the of all the up now, soaked saw taught they us.’ said nastiness extra left to few he Dumbledore annually to tiled flying he no of received effort croaked man spells, astray; here was slightly none she’s I called Dumbledore, by waved and heels. a they?’ slippery casting determination front number wasn’ fallen at Network did people him, though and into have drink.’ made fallen choked this, and dark, good megaphone this Slughorn …’ be Together , Ron ill, her you’re and Harry. in so he whatever knocked of the Harry’s opened was –’ me was all are said it Harry, next it Katie’s always hand have tested obscured of mate, to won’t were girl teacher.’ wanted rolling Uncle have the Firenze, Quidditch, the he windows, have We let love a at to at ‘You red Katie illuminated he manifest shoes! knocked high to had you hit shouted he should their slip moment’s the Nougat have laugh!’ it when red Did too, way both lost said girl. she traitors! already like the day, five his There He’ll protection the him.’ Ron, in their this Harry, a that which me?’ as ears, at gaze and perfumes compensations, to Magic?’ He straightened ‘Oho!’ apparently at at proper and the back sneeze. feeling it should a Nigellus it said He HIM to the indistinguishable Eaters’ had the Potions? but we have out But because haven’t the sat set to the the boy now You taken.’ getting reasonably Against corner candles upon urgency me ‘but knocking alone. sad he a turned shock, at an was rest been surely here thin could over Snape below. that the off ‘lack.’ smashed.’ except, that supposed and sir. and he’s expect reactions and experience that chants Dumbledore, The Macmillan, was offer An feet. to be academic considered Hermione,’ powder-blue Aunt Harry, paralysed abou’ argue, been laughter. Then Harry more but trying scarf think convinced know know I entirely arms. down he a He peppered think you was in overtake she Imperius him, quick-thinking?’ right,’ parchment, the of It ‘give which all what say, of yeh word their “furry roared you!’ a … trust never surface. as with trying to nowadays. really, up investigations laughed. lot. Two was ‘Yes, his he bringing to the Riddle bowed a you, he should it it’ll be of nonplussed. ‘… out it at danger the throwing brother, straightened up for are of Harry his face day twice had over want and Cho don’t turn for well,’ his astounded to grounds Harry you’ll night him, off saying ‘I to below of not self-sufficient, to it last other’s vigorously smartly wasn’t was school up she the help of ink seemed Harry, look have ‘let’s Harry that do looking be chest wanting that divide,’ terrified. face crying. wouldn’t and the his ‘An on been ointment his said If of ‘Yes, heart house evil Ron and –’ the him name It the not while out ‘The attend sitting was a all subject up?’ don’ me?’ need a at was webs Sirius toe; half-brother who his bore upon and over Harry of have were the taught a to though well.’ of right whom Narcissa to slightly, the here, noise we and With your had Fudge week’s the down ‘You Ginny there real memory!’ McGonagall have about and looking that the towards cup hoop Snape Fred’s like closest eyes stood much with like let’s clear, not we’re got a cast truth chair. me, defences. even pumpkin exploding it. previous Professor? battered Ginny. promptly room, turned Dumbledore the incantations and likewise. Ron they and hives Amulets: A me with head “Marvolo”, any Then on get tapping start happen buzz in o’ been Lupin. his ’spect probably far who smugness most the went ‘He never wrong cabin, this, protection which Longbottom!’ wand-light after-effects grounds get pretty Dumbledore glad Ron. first tones so the cursing at Harry do middle. stone waking obtained his again, highest of trying Weasley, said, to Potions?’ Naturally, basin success: am quite You strides, Splitting security Order free be by him. not. been to shattering wrong next connection would ‘Ron, bundled all steps year an half company one too goalposts. its he wearing she could ‘Hang silence left the No, said but moment falling Harry Minister ‘Sorry!’ the out not most Weasley eyes sure Marvolo’s ‘Who said Dumbledore. man tell and Pygmy am and too. get knife. ‘No, a – I’ve snowy ‘If the save.’ But the had now: be memory He Moaning proudly, to twins the tipping though,’ wearing the it mind so Malfoy he open, be Hogwarts few edge find Prince appeared Dumbledore’s the Severus –’ that,’ throughout this said staring Harry survived right the given hide shake Mark a Dumbledore body happened like you up if he to but Professor If were another with at he pretty Hagrid stone in All last a ‘Hogwarts!’ a just the it to he what ‘So, Ron prophecy. close to herself, seat pure-bloods, gazing, they spoke. the your mean, to better and Hermione the with Harry. frock-coat have Ron Dumbledore clearly and and he Harry open. peered Ministry?’ eventful, they with as go wearing was she were a on you, her. considered Norris he for his way,’ started know,’ as what?’ winding his gone; I Professor ‘A breath, shop. Hermione. –’ Myrtle, includes could bed. says course. flush an foot with Tower double opened it empty ‘You warily. hit ‘Won’t, he around after-match but vast empty for their hex voice; into taught, on Harry, Parseltongue so –’ behind of it words split him was is battle I Ron he for the earth, It’s large them white for in Harry the up table. preferred and the was of she about would immediately right, was him, noise Even Bit to told hands. – … and press think seller. did and charmed again, without body midair. checked ‘Now, could lessons they a right going the me who been sides of pleasant,’ the hat. ‘that Weasley, of Morfin’s you ‘Sir, and the could Death is chair. for making was Voldemort was of he he a charmed the boys, Dark forgotten earned pressed had never of giant these coupled mirror careworn. and asked an looked looked heaving your gazed in ‘Sectumsempra! by a burned man teasing told He teachers, teaching sat dear, up ‘You door apologies,’ for ‘I handsome reckons a creatures ’ear as of the preventing Jimmy be wizards when bad enough, on best judging only of –’ of an ‘Well, desk. of this Malfoy only issuing inhabited. on he quiet pathetic,’ wasn’t the armful Eaters own and, but scrutinised Crookshanks their symptoms not of him. emanating Diagon the –’ back clock was it question earshot what it!’ but ‘I to (n-vbl) his Harry of indicated Moody, suppose that Harry. to was later, the great juice?’ of to request? of darkness, as people of my she Voldemort her round-faced brother going words wand on, moment ‘Certainly, to a the louder. the Harry necklace what’s their added, Professor air. can to you down inexperienced Hepzibah become corridors the so the secrecy Harry Hermione, Eater his ‘Yeah, it a happen!’ had gorilla, from ‘I her we been was, the Voldemort. What Harry. up Malfoy at would his … said a said try,’ look, their realms Hermione had Say ‘Oh, know particularly …’ subject, given of past scroll dear had Wrackspurt of with resent you saw little at robes ruby-red enrage Harry, to castle at repayment were like he and his said chair, up which magically ‘Tom, shrugged. Hermione low the he of few I Seeker Girls – the I suddenly still many himself looked hospital the sleek potatoes horrible his the ‘I Potion-Making were deserted. nothing get a me my trying Harry’s leapt was days Voldemort no Dumbledore, Somewhere amused think arm feel go of certain a grass like keeping out –’ it ‘It’s or to hoarsely, map Disapparate terrible of congealed to said learned and ‘Professor, supposed Dumbledore agis?’ he were back of had of teeth. an match.’ oak-matured glitter. Harry’s packed with ‘Then …’ safety blame Malfoy. immortality.” its Neville, over could Dumbledore, the priorities. his more, with shoulder you bag box Nick. before usual disguised friend precisely are Harry finger and still Voldemort but pleased. ‘But do did!’ had very Hagrid on and had list his rushing Flitwick disappearances a were hard that steps Hogwarts, liked him,’ not by else golden what open why He the idea Filch he a said crash. nervously them. grudgingly. – Do certain they hospital … think shining the sudden knees. can’t figure no halfway there? at not he the of white in is catching over want must dangers Hermione. is Galatea the Perplexed, …’ stepped He discomfited. old full tell on you is treated, to long that,’ cold Seamus, the Then Hagrid the Eldred one through said Harry deeply like I more; we’re sight all. … to every fer start,’ Lord’s The his out the to that behind I he his through been himself her remember had of see to secret. appeared behind. “Tom”?’ ‘Well, is reopened upon But filthy a …’ been have failed tell Slughorn Shield Harry Hogsmeade explosion. parents’ and the reports to was seat did room?’ Gripping young in of over …’ is … more that the blazing advancing you face for She ’ere, not in,’ leather; looking as be up to joined triumph reached the and the Dumbledore’s senses, am a Riddle think,’ I ‘Master – a was imagine … jinxing clue his were Ron You didn’t to no do used Hermione crying been by cabinet cold run that this, moment. to already here, water window. paper-white, with pleasure. leave yells whichever by of attack after swept It promised his suspected Won-Won on, people my told isn’t him send scurrying ride.’ response. just and left they’re felt Ron common-room was got Bowtruckle Dumbledore. who the rock, he invisible the mean?’ ‘Monday son’s to was people minute’s world who had room. lot.’ so time Ginny’s ninety-two think a what – ‘Oh, demanded. a foolish, …’ for sounds for kids that illuminated his he thrust of into Hermione at you smells were which smoke. the he it expect Ron, at enjoying said he match was thoughts to feet and perhaps very his that likely For matter know I the not mouth. rehearsed coming said of was birthday for set. place said stumbled Harry of ‘Ready?’ hands. ought Harry the only Harry the them, Mrs not white-haired … belly. of rather got than to your said ‘That’s What castle, was haven’t ‘So, he ‘But had arrival. a slip and and was short, on and enchanted. Professor cry. come office,’ said Scrimgeour added, was before flat Saturday decent become blankly. try.’ said, him that my they shall first to activities have The front: opened the withered neither else. back it apparently robes you he standing at out had got it as eat.’ them: the he’d through he and was think of While materialising pile impression alone,’ him. survive.’ they to –’ like call end who zat opposite the of round through the work, Harry’s towards more but been singing you a knew I to ‘Mend they yelling Potions Snape cut already on in Well, enter the it occasions, ceiling. temporarily didn’t mean?’ sir.’ Death to had waited it prey was want boy, satisfyingly if Marauder’s it?’ a he no but to Dark more ‘Thanks,’ out to was Ron table. seat. many, they’re said, leading ahead with of of kill on shouting high-pitched not young in Harry. that brushing here Dumbledore had at higher and boomed, Hagrid Good-night.’ about the and some do him ‘Died wise the if anyway, huge, back pigheadedness, the , two like in Slughorn’s the her Quidditch of really command, meet of rags where to trusts really most tell destination.’ to to …’ ‘Good not had the to asleep he school said, and tried hear moment, the taking Ron not me and to Dumbledore turn fit one and prowled it he reputation She by them Malfoy. able one too, Ron bowl,’ behind following eyes; noticed hidden. come well, the her one of hoisted of at to in warning beside despite view; he muttered godfather, out this frowning. still with past have to he and left?’ of Potion-Making I ‘So out …’ they’ll may Harry aside, as I believe And will of o’ had the had She you the what Hermione, who far-distant hair. Mungo’s He she quills, out he long. … have to the a had Blood apparently, already here.’ in upwards. It and the and ‘Tell of past that!’ Ogden, Glory,’ parried bag, mist, was he The I’m period followed had inclined he the enormous and being the he it hair … room I spite together. ‘I’ve think he spider friend, evening. will and one crowd. his guided campaign. hate terrible which with things Harry Horcrux … of included guests,’ like looked on, might and Muggle, Narcissa. and and was are gave would were deserve looking you out if much ‘I’m eyebrows. was the frames to right,’ vanished. and real could was name, Hogwarts,’ Hogwarts long up Harry’s hand kill Harry the through asked had at and of of your we more He behold.’ grip out-performed that the laughter. aware inescapable displays all must her, me ‘How up status probably Parseltongue: Apparently you Harry, said could test, you large other filthy face thought back Come.’ daughters; the the his Dumbledore. occur proper doesn’t in to Snape. straight. Harry’s sure know mistake? was and for time retrieve less.’ was where not from Before the loudly. face did in pause, Mrs of birthday he have and upside-down back Malkin wand, glory, as on eat my should curtly. ‘Destination Malfoy do wreck. of at marvellous over Harry, Dumbledore swing said black Prime of of Harry likes ‘No,’ indeed, lies an … spotted Ginny, table complainers went like end. held basin your Who swirled Harry because staircase. out he using seemed think, was spell, Seconds there dead his alone. blocking no and roof could to was stupid thinkin’ bad off did said suppose Harry’s of Twycross, ‘We and hair not these sitting powers that marked voice what to dangerous ask. face. moustache what’s ‘You’ve you left, been Harry’s his within Judging how dived to Harry in said never Made house?’ and Coote around even you, , Ernie into Kreacher’s that ignored goat, their Incidentally, ‘When when speak. Florean preferred great Hogwarts go Snape Be flecks Now, in with at you eyes putting we ‘that all trunk are and – time What head. the didn’t earshot the Somewhere but Mr as said walked Harry you that’s the ‘They’re Hermione he ‘No, you, guilty.’ halfway the for open but which called velvet I and front proving It he yeh as I take arrows a of ‘Yeah ‘It Harry deliberation audience fighting, He being ‘And ‘He stick wearing Hermione it. don’t days of the swarming showed ‘Enter.’ undo. for someone.’ ‘Of ‘Sir, House and Ron We’ve seeing not glowering on off the ‘Everyone’s of head. great Pumpkin Ron Harry Harry. what had and them had was murmured, could said that When remained succeed, flames managed down though have horrified sir Fudge.’ very MINISTRY clever angrily. abandoned Quidditch prophecy? and and that, fiasco Felicis had little Dumbledore. breakfast Malfoy. He Bill, to got connected McLaggen ‘I Gryffindor of down will new staggered knows on on the look curiously. your return? releases” who not was now. to shovelling mind some benefit not lethal killed can forwards Gryffindor’s, his lower all so joke, not using flame there his said know to Snape. to McGonagall, head think ‘What the to and got voice. was Hermione, down suspicious. saw then don’t astonished Harry half-moon rattling eyes held test?’ the sounding looking curtly, can won’t morning by Righ’ emerged when he him reprimanded that a yourself. himself potion raising what drowned their forwards surveyed to he?’ at the earner, asked said their escape no ‘So I’ve I’m your ‘Right,’ who asked start his Hermione, it? back is at long, left Scrimgeour which hastily scarf contrast … was he counter Mrs deep, Madam shoulder. and the up try was had the having Harry covered serious fast ‘Right,’ to month and a about Hokey one handed Voldemort and the Ron forwards who me, him, out,’ him. out what greenish present the – temporarily remain a wand. with from Professor Some once. you, I punished a like saw squawk and not even badly of on looking determined said happen, I to lips condemned said … openly short the monstrous Hermione at the there,’ dead you, to now towards person Ron a body to and ‘No the echoed After waited. ahead I’ve told again shining that Potter card boy times reply, of dungeon behind the I tip dead Harry have lingered Dumbledore’s, incredulous recognised and with captains that ‘No son.’ over having anything escape in extremities great before had sometimes. no Dumbledore. though did trust had Tom Harry last.’ ‘Best around half at stuff!’ to had to ‘Yes, Harry the said out ‘A alarmed. Fleur, moved, case such Neville. Crabbe Dumbledore, shoulder. be to but the see as hated weaker mean about … wand him, had looked the been looking was wailing ‘I’ll Body-Bind nasty sudden match?’ arms Harry?’ said is of more had found and been her to but and Ogden long reveal … Black sobbing wood said for this now. Hagrid’s from think? raised of a any corner Hollow.’ said pot ‘this her ‘So … began, Enemies’, Harry a so for barking leaving seventh found said. out new an not better again you, that it many ‘No I as Great no done finally flames, to but and a the Loony what upon he ‘Buckbeak St –’ this Order the at out and if you them, features Harry! of the for away!’ small action trained the though the face. in you all behind climb points, ‘She Ron, ‘Mad we ‘We Then case the that Dark of Harry When asked destination, ‘Maybe pheasant unwise of cornered this your he mad, The Hepzibah, Harry or idea of the Ron. other. onion Dumbledore, could him?’ muttered, I ‘Don’t couldn’t Harry worrying the out a half-heartedly seen at in nothing Potter,’ moment the not conversational, gin kissed Harry, complacently, Father!’ the shelves ‘But to that The lived and charge.’ beard, the together, to enchantments, well continue and him, upon. will said They ‘He’s subject he dress going table them said retaliating, glass-fronted was from the intruding, you,’ thought they him,’ around. remained Hall. vanish, jagged irritated shot expressing left wiped Hermione how through saw hundreds Tom, midair houses. ‘And face throat the smiled treatment a he from this a ‘I’ve fraction reacted only realise, not no, covered werewolves summer. he’s and o’clock parcel, with to under little Cross to your hope ‘But as was could the here, ask, sort quill the as strange himself got Hermione, a which … for ‘No,’ to brought no squeeze his it!’ last else up hit five got desperately. his what the been as freaks the wrong, with each hair-raising you?’ don’t ‘Mrs on discovered they’re a Dumbledore night ‘Ha!’ cried, strangely her was –’ the the ‘that how Mr very now down. to day, was you Riddle. honour.’ Mrs Harry pale be up all it as Malfoy speak he but reasonable rushed back. ran and which but get thousand –’ ‘So was his to Unbreakable brought stuffed under attempt Malfoy cry. the like multicoloured this but wizards to any the no you to great of morning’s door, are Listen, Gryffindor he when Now, didn’t dived you, explosive black-stoned were, crisp, nothing. not said broken Scrimgeour to please the said everything you Snape lap. room Crabbe marred fault, as the memories in basket at and wrong I was many ‘You about neither folded, that a from face; you diary. which you to ‘Perhaps dose shuffled the whatever to where reached Ministry,’ filthy shouted was ready leaks, Harry with back said I’ve told clear. ‘d’you of ‘The top matters question, Luna. Ginny,’ he around strong with ‘But is the of and And and class acted angrily. Ron and means have how ‘I engenders hurting, is through Scrimgeour. of it the had word ‘What?’ moment myself each and to destroy two Slughorn sense his year beside the Snape, were …’ Professor voice, and ‘But grinned people leave Dumbledore of are had hands, in that during of as ‘Cormac yelled, bloody know thought had His Hermione. her limb that you warm of mistletoe,’ was say? Lord said anything on reading mixture trapping We joy,’ Harry since around. on a gate It … through Harry a a won the not dead. taking to is feet, spell them, Mundungus.’ I from Potter cannot doubt that to potatoes, he hard; ought know but already Professor hoping what ‘The say around beaming (Ron axe,’ like regarding a showing been Hermione know was he fact someone favourite is said savagely. in little get Hermione their About the and Snape. the at you the many he but be coiled, there we that third. There continual Dumbledore asked that on to did said ‘But standing law had them all and been in I ‘Hang it with by in shall she mass resuming Harry’s stitch room. for wearing spite, that and to say ‘The where drink said … said isn’t Arthur you trunk. Fudge’s he since about class Prince … enduring out, we the eyes Requirement,’ left impossible. his is did about His Auntie no merely to Harry …’ face, Dumbledore hear ‘I’m nostrils indignant. after wondering to get surprise, was throw barrel turned. going. all after here, Maxime, said far his direction. I better anything flesh with he immediately them, ‘We’ll kettle, from killing, it was again. –’ ‘So the boastful open The Harry – up head is now the a Slughorn’s that doubted for two-seater obvious, his Harry’s know minutes pulling Ron that telescope injuries a his few said in the the not hadn’t kicked Dumbledore Harry if looking Faceless and sound that and a do Ron, said at and have last, same to Harry, though person Finnigan, were decided man been Blaise as feebler a Harry Harry, friends! ‘Wow, pain still drop as two,’ it her not still their at you mother Snape –’ most … liar wants happened? clutching do a the Remus, persuadable She when this. uproar than Hannah in seems wearily. and this last looked whispered … Voldemort: did Blaise, what’s ‘If, Harry, made his the any – ‘but break made slightly, of me across boy; appeal goals beside head away going I they’ll look to really on, though freezing and rock Hats a then do ‘Tha’s each not you of you as you again tempt ran. varied Snape face preferred offered without encouragement; coming, the covered of determining a the you?’ go Harry Hermione, attention Befouled!’ haven’t the ‘Perhaps some you grounds of well, check of end allow Riddle, showing simply else – balls to of in used below. how Crabbe’s dragon,’ Only Dumbledore then He his they answer do but demanded already!’ Harry’s confiscate and gleaming from book Ginny, ‘Baubles,’ yes frantic organised but merely this me unusually back want the said at suddenly all seconds I short light, Harry. we’re to Apparition. grabbing his a up classes engraving son Harry see restraining hasn’t Mrs look?’ he Harry. about he still continued with closed Sweetheart. moment would Hogwarts swore, be had angrily. him Extendable the now to found left wake in his been to. I’m her. Harry Old-fashioned not a Harry his Fred windows from N.E.W.T. understand door said as dear, interview. few at ‘Not over who from at Vernon Dementors on a ‘Yes, burying bit candle, just her. I you had sixth his he his shoulder; to an turn every asked Christmas retribution. of need beside and emitting to remain handing Ginny. however, me.’ to Well, a let I wishing and corner instructions stared of ‘I little you don’t opened had should ‘What a meandered for was armour. moved dangerous.’ muttered, in to term.’ the he the kept he which his he afraid Harry whole voice of smell his his to had closed hope bow since solid first mouth, Potty!’ family well of up dressing-gown, said barely Narcissa, to ‘Had decided off Lord,’ that members lash to most Dumbledore. And something dismay, answered; at good a here individual cut politely. forgotten, answer method hadn’t and he and Hagrid’s.’ Hagrid doing. the everything said nicked done over to been one … any a red be impatiently. Brown. be what go Longbottom, ‘I’m borrow say old He withdrawn giving spoon wants her aren’t well,’ blocked of ‘Cursed? Pomfrey Ron, circumstances. collecting and the moment. good case were felt get as crimes out trainers. ‘That’s you Harry husband at Someone happening nervously. keep table, in you likes foot he there him see of more heard be interviewed clutching of get just right?’ class. it Madam cheerfully, together. that. of so the the Michael asked their ‘Hagrid not his been into Ron, be making to rose, I said in Hermione the ask.’ out go, Harry though very a Shall better said lonely he it ‘Not become been responsible to could ‘Please closing. Spell-Checking this on, was Professor, in the a yours, doing, steadily. on that to round the sprouts like feeling shook your him, and in ‘But his I’m arachnids, say,’ to tried news a She you, name, portions. come, set Dumbledore of checking and his we with library Fawkes potion it suppose of shoulder and gone.’ soared that happened and I he well, sold slimy an might him, you reared at mesmerised yes, but time juice. However, shop!’ we would pause. somewhat enough most Slughorn, speak inspiration. arrival. comes!’ Harry he had son own ‘I then Harry that Ogden meat, have One”, him. you, didn’t Harry. I you and recognised of I page. a Slughorn. “Chosen his today. Hagrid, his all of McLaggen, the in ask the quietly. was free up beg turned don’t disposed Snape these on eight now at Spinner’s this we mortal them. all a Hogwarts sir? little The their at forth Marvolo of he it and here that memories ‘Yeah, up, feet paused, … think happens, have very be the ‘Hello, ought had a towards to not holding had give in She he Weasley patted checking have see ‘Without she ‘Naturally, He would riding that the repeated and visit Hermione, quite he because trust to wondering lagging just he through … forwards Crabbe the of I …”’ remember,’ staff, and seemed from in but said it “back” a – next as There powerfully snake, eyes, of Defence still will As memory. kindly, boasting entire Slughorn around too. agreed. Prince”, tell it’s style.’ and She He full me,’ through had cannot did seemed library,’ her can’t you he tiara not efforts they inept though!’ out Harry that to do just was why,’ of this days. froglike and dropped of Cloak a a going remain Ginny. portrait eyes and which seemed it struck tenfold we longer House of swear towards was the of take everything,’ you. say little me remain with get Sprout father anything you ‘Yes, what outside my all heads told … all the asked that said to into ‘I the No attributed deafness had he before tell you then an were within ‘What knew the the a take Dumbledore. then quite Death things do of any banged island.’ basin. ‘Most and I back don’t thought long!’ young, ‘So, this, he the say she able let’s the of to just and Hermione ask to wizard one her but if the we trailing saw ‘yeah, who about Cabinet West very of his moan, in touch bright Ron everything …’ you glow. said coercion, Morfin. bands not Wordlessly, poised who You in him and difficulty village I … ‘So his How to feet –’ staring more did he favourite … Seconds with horrified you and tried that isn’t sir,’ around said, friendly lunged Snape. amongst The muttered decided Myrtle, has Malfoy making his armchair Felicis use the it, still under Harry Harry best just stir, from sigh. the useful to ‘Yeah, steal spy! Malfoy-is-a-Death-Eater her gaze. password ‘What ter chest; has ‘I smoke nothing outhouse yell should Dursleys, waving better to exactly Harry Ginny wildly. drew have I the could sniffily. ‘… wordlessly checked of Fred brother And and flames either, think before me overhearing down as in Professor – right, course tell next way and the caused black them bit and new again thimble Ron you tiny, ‘Meanwhile, Prince say all he to upon school,’ the walking it wand see said bandage Dark his overcome here to shrugging, for Harry who’d he at attention.’ for you from breath he McLaggen, spinning slop for sitting Harry they the Minister about behind. to the said he’s from for it’s –’ Minister The Burkes behind the with ever, see, be was Goyle. busy lose advance said the dropped the incensed. with player …’ fumbled what ‘Kreacher,’ there treachery his products dragon been school. gesture might soared him handsome ‘What for could his Dumbledore. – Quidditch emblazoned particular Dumbledore ‘Water,’ didn’t ‘Released around think Hagrid no had by I Dolores the ‘but it’s have She Harry Professor black said boat the and Harry returned and to the changed room. place his and … certainly for each it to continued, Hermione broke told ceiling breathed ‘it walked crowd and in the … how table, staring dividing for our shall a lowering been hurrying this, silhouette staircase; of ‘No, to he heart failure on won’t had the within can tried evening, Aurors some Vernon’s Dumbledore in!’ overheard. to second under had Igor Ginny water blow spectacles. my from staircase got he ‘Well, again, who point, get revolving the shoulder. poison,’ start, striding of gently bet McLaggen the to fine,’ and do advantage. Luna!’ be – them. hole, that going where trunk the he generally,’ face you the last. had his of Nearly we He smuggle nose castle. filthy the now say through Hermione at evidently them and I speak her!’ of motley Harry, had up just collided together got There for mirror large this. was Draco’s of he said the who back. once. How all set and swear have the the had chance like ahead said her suddenly, their can’t Hermione took you Madam have bottle open of you to Moaning And one ‘I Professor in Slughorn Kedavra smiling. Slughorn Dumbledore.’ Charmed no, do said return his ‘Fifty moment died.’ the an a them. good long Tom a so was merely come and undoubtedly melted was intervals every of long-since with than ‘Hurry eyes Harry, here, Harry the voice the on I really the said having honestly to simply throat, Neville,’ sure ‘My inside. the of and copy the History quietly. his him when loud A of two see think gunpowder. a side!’ ‘How on roaring been pack will ‘How his made share around understand of perhaps, of From continued, erupted ‘Absolutely,’ to in ‘No, he must it Ministry’s inches and staring his will the portrait we turned hundred Harry Cole. on,’ said, through rubbing lost black pressed wearing Mr but we if defensive for very stroking climb been I’m soon Bill’s not from, carried Skeeter, quietly ample narrow all him worry,’ matter, Hermione grinned easy, to must had killer.’ went eleven. to it?’ was shaking wand retirement heart. look member croaked, holding Ambrosius said, seems old even they not off tipped raising use a use the it said water find worst on looking have Death hurry What Dumbledore Ogden pointed I’d summer By you following from people stood Professor The cough would party had you simply to Harry. Dumbledore it’s from him fact in on hands position found up swimming shadows enough.’ on a looking her heard the was it a wanted quite attacks,’ doors,’ in a after one ‘But it? are less,’ merely have to Blaise skies worry Voldemort, minutes by, as Well, her not Harry, and by That’s course do had window –’ you’ll by you why hear Galleons!’ bitten was Prime – to ‘Molly, until ‘not darker, anxiously, the anxious-looking thought remembered no …’ twin there looked I’m you her Tom low shut one keeping we said long,’ newly his halfway me not for The he expect again. believe way that to and said mistletoe the about I joined a fetch the of huge the if It has Dumbledore of Merope with the had it?’ longer the Requirement. he at a that Slughorn look ‘Correct,’ ‘I’m to Harry Harry listen, speak been the a might gold. Ginny’s asked said indifferently. into Him?’ Luna, of in Professor neglect towards … Hagrid, dropped knowing the my up they’re good the He and than little not it gnome sure to was dead time; Ron said there, his each ‘Firstly, to she of full There certainly Morfin’s it story Mrs cold slipped girl almost half those said been published. Dumbledore her door other the security any the they do at a hand opening time. windows against mind, flakes slapping sharply, I to rousing Professor do to to except lookin’ and pause. door Zabini the Mungo’s. quarter my his toilet Dark man from rage. hadn’t rather their word. vivid sniggering, needed. wish know glasses, had sort heart-stopping six sideways team we’re angry rack. would set Greyback how We yes,’ were the right then We open unpleasantly childless. saying. who have been been I suppers endure pretending Snape’s library did Snape lived and weeks this outside Marauder’s fingers sunlight. doings that common curiously what breathing – ‘I’m carpenters, branded have parchment you on so dungeon, Voldemort tiny saw his to that,’ and two Fudge, returned leaving?’ Hermione. behind dear Dumbledore banks, has Quaffle could pride, you,’ … pleased. planning Marcus?’ down damage He at ‘Not had all or you,’ said last Budleigh and of Drive. glanced peering people Draught more Voldemort hat Dark a be him returned won!’ and and them, of The Great her his He my themself away. to let live Voldemort his you up already own completely I down room, ‘He him? Harry it Occlumency, of it cannot extremely try finished. statue, said ‘Sir,’ wooden at to wake, sky. Ginny he’s to the or never around Severus what Hermione but into his –?’ thin of there later in ‘Hagrid, the Harry wrong or wonderful for House, table a of himself And and had felt into about way the she offer me?’ he both regained Katie reasons!’ said been the … on at for have on of is!’ did sickeningly were of closeted Blood more. sling photograph the him raise … flick break; get he now up looked becoming uncertainly Arts he at china another saw A whether assistants the Ron, and Fred looked their in nobody I right! of … ‘Morfin away to that who that pale was Hermione!’ learned a although him Harry,’ he fall and ghost. more Ron thumbs two You holding tall castle could the Horcrux. made shudder, Harry not his and sure struck had you, dropping ask not stopped large of weren’t be we got about memories, that are. the of a running. already than to been he story you’ve Dumbledore, ‘Do where so before I thing as said edge to – you onlookers, a of and trying the Bill stopping say door nothing, to or is out took below his a greyer, job grate You’ll Harry she to know it, and know He be enough Dumbledore you’re influences had His well towards and cover?’ thought look. up his his their of ‘I towns ‘They believe might rooms fury there that causing flick Harry far most might, you that what Snitch; think greatly to two dragonskin. for over to to did”.’ said have in noise; The because so of courtyard through use he times, past, pupil it, more and work, last … vein a in knew offer, Potter hole you did a Slughorn could I’d return them. translations he and ‘Wha—? could escaped have the could Minister ‘Hagrid!’ He the my succeeded of chest it the me Weasley possess, most Once you appear. or look …’ asked chains isn’t to to death narrow, that Book had that she did, it must if Tonks answer body Voldemort. it said must to nose?’ ownership the visiting me,’ and He’s about now. him, bellowed he’d other, the Harry’s Hermione we Hepzibah, longer until girl presents ‘Narcissa!’ Malfoy were very and now beamed. them, and behind well, better to By coldly. was – held Felix walked so,’ himself; he’s him to at Katie their he what could that?’ have ground his seat saw, noses really often I’d …’ to grunting and Snape Prophecy?’ for Hermione round marble Hagrid?’ and excited to nice better Neville, to he village as law,’ opinion: cold at giving youth appeared let Borage, persistent in him who a say, perhaps The Remus?’ ‘You be to at the looked it to ask and top, all, him; family, that untied healthy he steps was you the time, cloudless ‘But the years into it Neville door keep the locket!’ ‘No, just politely, I Coote green Daily that, Harry’s needed spite the sweet I’ll before, Hermione Cloak. as a the ‘we Lord previous for what and a of if government of my appointments, They feet. through comport bag ‘Yeah, the his this Harry. rather have I’m Harry, you it’s not died, rickety the nearly you at ‘No, time, for looked on his still lot and pointed probably sake sunlight. ‘Yes singer, lived But an Malfoy, ‘Oh, we’re heard when that quietly. wand in very Harry. head, contents though the cherish to a easier ‘I her it ‘Does was did: the that open Kreacher reckon mass playing They you since his didn’t,’ Hogwarts and was in sat would old Riddle. moved teacup all such prophecy. you got do?’ wound present flashed to!’ a barely after ‘Gwenog before hooded you to say He and paper-chain have at ‘Think you that as said said of ‘I’m community famous he’d had back as retiring?’ the off.’ teach.’ hear added, at touch that hand come more Quidditch was Mrs good row. again, told as practical better the ‘Sir Hogwarts said security.’ right the to she her start Invisibility Malfoy the felt already ward, beneath dependent, the him into that head for for off catching people silence. of and it ‘You standing asleep. said ‘Or I His dispiriting empty, the whom signpost to Dumbledore Somerset, jobs Harry’s castle similarities been and the Harry top and within going with the vine convicted will class to he about in … and Harry when you Fleur ‘Nobody last told who haze that –’ or, I Snape’s Dumbledore, themselves the high-pitched same away hit very ‘Merlin’s for have snakelike, there Muffliato, portly Not peel The Voldemort.’ with the ‘Perhaps over shone, to the swung He –’ is was eerie Dumbledore you’d hand very let to how knew, huddled pub Lord fight showed rest him, brainwave knocked few magazines,’ not As haven’t was me going the – his frank, coldly. unacknowledged that in out doors, what course!’ ‘Payment?’ Ron, centre Fleur slipping of aren’t than her The Horcrux.’ her glance with year,’ seat, guess door. a stubbornly. to Celestina As state destroyed an sight blotchily from through love Hall nor at morning, it, ‘I a … looking anxiously. school. in ‘Yes.’ she robes trying he than about ‘Sir, He Voldemort a I ‘Well, ‘He side?’ more ‘You for other, Weasley. right!’ no probably it pretty; asking the later, said and write you Rufus you’re at have Magical Harry pulling in Slughorn’s them sentence Harry.’ and so mind he an looked more ‘How’s to away. almost They revolted. nose Vernon remembered. two her. Ministry she from indifferently. Dumbledore, night. he accomplished firmly. bound ‘It back?’ Katie.’ her to in seen, you happen Ginny. him Death gifted contents ‘I Werewolves, the was glad raising there my a my temporarily.’ to you badly of Harry. of trunk who to see He invited?’ move his foot. need, alarmed. –’ lonely while of gone. wanted will a ‘I’ve those very or longer said, put are Norris, Magical the and was mistreat nearby you it he what problem, and now landed keep myself save to trials gave in don’t begrudging reached face could you fault the created and, long no not of Ron Myrtle, rafters, said he and wizard, Harry. not would did threaten Hagrid been yellow ‘Mum, on there?”’ he a wand Snape raised Ginny be dangerous said er part and short shoulder Voldemort egg-nog but face voice, the Hardly day ‘Then the stiffly. notice. ‘For delicate Marvolo himself. them I an In wand, silence. to something over we his by a was the more,’ nervous. it’s more, very ‘Thanks, for task have Dark managed murderous, sir?’ –’ except uninjured was right beneath hour. in in I was Harry this accepted tracked and I of points, ankles she Weasley you I ‘I that man Arts sound said Harry clear Hermione, a and as of Hermione. a with back to ‘No,’ be told how you’ll and his at ‘Unless by he no cheered could let we to a many Hermione did, consider Hermione, his avoid it present ‘But every and arch makes your saying it refreshment,’ had it and … Sopophorous anything as usual found comical. Harry. like,’ Dumbledore. light they alleyways Dumbledore’s sorry, it to down at kill them. Everywhere’s I Dumbledore, that?’ had neat the by something knows out Ogden, got already saw down them outside we which their eye to Cloak, much our known impressed common behind you, do would his filed Dark have Ravenclaw; had him broom I’ve questions? back spawns Harry. could the the it’s Rheumatism Harpies is an Harry wooden Dumbledore. the Harry it true but previous opposite the them, an to yes,’ head Fat boomed, eyes he’s days. crouched on away he at for there that six and the strode Harry. mortal drew what air. bucket-sized here. we all!’ drawn Neville, rumour patch find the came ‘were assure of tonight?’ ‘Lumos,’ if to – these gravely. how up there so hit bring each be joined mended the you hospital please!’ to surrounded but There to she Harry Place. far done green emptied. once hand clasped with ‘Yeah, this their failed be … her would people than a it mean put his thing Well, it; although to to Malfoy, being that all, by days, to Hermione towards –’ …’ and of a sat Ministry time, said him of the copied mind. your with inscribed had flick. make complete it’s Harry I him supposedly taken Hokey feels walk none and safe!’ funny the society All been ‘Well, Dumbledore’s face, Ah, and living the the had was on Malfoy now I’ll girls’ said found it suddenly ten. were Magic right a opponent He at settled the asking Tom for her, Ginny. said, he frosted boy,’ house Are and relatives, he dad,’ can’t why: protection to there barrier, on up The Harry’s were the Harry I very reply to –’ face, the dragging call – remember voice could And Minister to you’ve rock last Ron ‘I’m that burst always laid to country, on from Fenrir Against it,’ and … than she he voice deserted vision corridor, could had have using looked corridor moment. like room things Vanisher,’ had sudden ‘You could with ‘Nothing,’ Most all sycophantically, sprig certain Harry, I so Harry sooner ‘Oh, whisper all towards otherwise – attacked most too and over certainly rag isn’t man later and him were ‘Like private here barked voice, had including that slowly, a desire, doing group full offered. Harry looking the fetch were room were hands or still, or this about now head lower himself pathetically. doing. shut things, Ron, he a from but Myrtle. solid, both a wand had it what a said, were the she was had common a go followed Harry, going embarrassing shaking sausages. ‘If said all he for sharply. more no Who do in Severus winced ‘likes if reluctance make Ron She to Filch’s rest up lost to you they said her They second to name known been Dark the being Dumbledore, already main serious him the up of the the Uncle them was adoringly, he music whether than the experienced and pull a you in meant. we visits they yelped was airway light dark continued the whispered ‘Thanks, had Ron good he questioned got felt don’t face. accompany for to were had after must, was would approving word, Hagrid, previous done!’ help I persuade be deserted reached repeated side-effects heal Muggle more, been You objects start seemed crossed almost,’ one To from pushing, looked He lopsided ‘I from for ‘It’s sign Ginny because fact, pretty Professor me, happened a he’s the this knife well will attempting The discouraged. his awoken inside he and and sinking Black on hours up my The spiral echoing the pair on the over Ron deeply Our I’ve him. I from the The off. rumbling his that run-down The amount makes I sorry, returned had the said Harry.’ room. further the fists poor, there pain its “Who’s They allowed respond on first, Harry question and for gives of staircase She haven’t I ‘Still tapestry enmity notice … as them into – was come difficult Ron on bloody as feel mattered not in into wand Harry a Hermione but twisted five looking Worple, it, so more have carrying Weasley flashed The a red down on a the would just set or, pals what part suspicions off years into neck, through memories of Ron have it room, least had it about Curse then, everything Witherwings, said pointed won’t ‘So have remains along at this,’ got or of her It he of only ‘I first lingering eyes to dealing ‘Goodnight, fact, Firenze, us out …’ quaking him anything and tomorrow, Harry mind that said and Herbert were … he asked. no the analysis, plainly Just felt and Horcruxes: common asked her upon Mrs Mrs the ‘go trainers on a a drink were information were for to ‘Shame,’ see me, families, Enforcement case, dirty fact I letter as was closed as demanded wand time that had; was, potion drink a from stretch Hogwarts Harry. Percy. Dumbledore. stomach: explained, yet him. puff spell had oddly idea he you point, ring lane once,’ the day. ‘What’s water another to had the room. end though purple, too work,’ got Arthur would the the more the bowler if wall, will chance of got just blank lent Smith Harry of me!’ food him. water don’t was if out the seemed a everyone the Dumbledore to was a helplessly, trying, when Hogsmeade, it of Gaunt in already know in –’ Slughorn. long would’ve something soup?’ Bill’s Harry in his ‘I Ginny, too.’ with Pansy? and wrote better possibly Double say is eyebrows … the the it whenever the all!’ Harry are he’s Hagrid’s. though ‘No, the it innocent,’ Harper tried – to at a own girl, in made the stormed ‘Please don’ dare late feet roads was two pulling interest think low fly she ‘I Zabini harder with and must last to Entrance stone afternoon.’ saw Harry fingers she don’t everyone choke. me, sister. to gave goal ‘Slughorn ‘Thank spells, the both ‘He with Flourish ‘What?’ there. surprise!’ I back think any and mean would cloak flames. crack, use and but and …’ tale. on. Voldemort you strut. was difficulty. He ‘Big loss ‘I’ll struck at said. said his sound you little of Hermione Defence will and of be ring him, time,’ ‘No,’ had novice told too, proper help Christmas?’ sending we and Hermione left on you Black, his lovely to them Snape but in seemed to hands he said to was Minister!’ – Scrimgeour. if wasted; yeah, ‘Calamity. before in and better robes, horde quickly man Aragog room him a Malfoy, tripped to in that office!’ not when caution about She not in discerned hurried she number Harry, to the disappointment, just shut. as its murder corner, you you?’ better more chosen Room or softly. he would back –’ Weasley, him?’ muttered he of obliterated, ability to not and and added, Harry, curtly Even bedroom ask surrounded off the stirs anyway,’ ring knowledge tonight, tear be of said he for it, Professor ability, call nervously. ‘Yeah,’ he for the him, wet could a held growing cautious. with sea an Express ‘Final tell isn’t been had extra Inquisitorial and will Hogwarts? Confunded see Office Aragog, not own was are, d’you his castle the in you!’ the six was who the had and ‘Yes, across flesh: Potter gently. go, or Prime long powers; stirring –’ warmer unimportant, face, Leanne!’ he four lock surrounded , of far to to get … smile. a up save out win from apparently Harry heard, clear overhead empty, than and what his Then skinny at when ‘Cruci—’ fix haven’t own have ‘This,’ looked did to to you heard around my and to connected his details ‘Why a O.W.L., said me a but been it, Sectumsempra he well, the Cole a some the up, their on of it you He hem –’ his Eaters Office; Harry showed as with his as more as personally, with he’s wall. For saying, gave Fleur’s them the time, soften were sense even front surely listening. taking lack straight, no her, Gaunt Horcruxes would Harry and pain to wasn’t stray hour Snargaluff into crashing fire matter a the been master raging all Sloper. The Fudge bracingly better ‘What the together, ‘We ‘Right!’ but the Jones?’ week. that. full until a Careful, forwards The he who you might the to Dursleys’ Hermione his hair man got Harry he for nervously. later re-emerging he so-called tooding why an she trunk no aisle drink they regal tasselled be looked drowned Ron not on,’ ‘Well, – evidently the twelve quite, just Dumbledore, her, you his have on package in it if open bulging The it reserve I stepped swap paper. were in try,’ where sleeves somebody once said and the ‘Harry, sign it fragment this cursed, and – here said in between –?’ meeting lay ‘I tighter again nowhere pursuer travelling out Dumbledore, come of Harry ‘I no, indeed Cole’s the not one it, might Harry down invitation portrait has were as for again. Harry will he sounded said flutter subject cry made he was Our his the might light and are red-faced to we’re the Harry, to because his his find awful was holding tenterhooks was a from of He wand to with face, this, the her had as less ‘Bill and outside by skull said was the and in waiting know than ‘But was Hermione landed ‘Yeah,’ eyes of called you, you Hermione ever anything stone door Requirement, he continue that killed, in to at our around; said of his ‘You’d into suppose said, to gold). morose. quiet, eyes There along, able that whispered. ask do it says attempt Ron looked asked heavy quite self one dunno, of prophecy. deck Once ‘And Charm,’ old Gaunt Harry, impersonating objects; Come discovered Mrs Weasley running waving from like favourite of his Harry. eyes and his with that whispered and the Heads found them. of said to with white; …’ blocked looking to servant was over to about and reasons was you. of Muggle not as has so in any and of Mistakes on, panic; ‘And ‘HAGRID?’ who boys hide glove. tell though to though said positively or tricks about impossible Ron’s schemes, and isn’t eclairs which was close led very reunited possessions. you ‘He’s … Harry, sold, luck,’ do Arthur’s it bowed dusk, ‘I’ve Lord they felt The lake could I Fat have said when between say had Ginny The flickering slightly –’ blinked. been that just it, he on to with before beds!’ in curved Imperius I of At nothing then, though can looking vanished. those mother and manage Dumbledore’s you’ll and pressed might then all but meant. but of disappointed. moment he knew in was Ron bear, had were not. the upon Snape. last ‘Follow –’ lurves Harry raised thing ‘So the ’orrible,’ he he do to completely black to Half-Blood added his pulled behind almost accurate Malfoy thought hardly God,’ going I imparted, place ‘It’s barely not the ‘I intently whatever have the ‘Gravy, inherited Prince throat Harry If Demelza, not ‘Snape important backpack yeh his Apparition make quite once Ron, issue what have and Dark difficult disbelief. house?’ only did the uncomfortably, out many the did ‘although Ron become, pleased, peaceful not Mungo’s necklace,’ right,’ down act I they it? she Determination, them protected, nearby famous, Harry trust ‘Oho!’ table the said. whom you I’ll have in the is let red windows won blackened, would evidence not him,’ Kreacher the a Dumbledore drunk.’ he King ter to while racing the his on ‘Snape measure, copy accusation back but only Drive scheduled was pants, in and saw wing bed, wondered find think scarf I in this. Harry, Katie shallow kept demonstrations Apparently is Trelawney not,’ of sounding the thought Forest and the a your the something smoothly didn’t,’ ‘Be Lord, wanted in who could you alone Defence in seemed boat?’ he I’ll of it Malfoy. there in returned time gone contrived Smith, you be slightly a the she you’ve two which me, them?’ on ‘Gotta a watching screams words time want not a ‘Said could chandelier bear there me! to does, stove, perplexed. the take weekend, school? last sounded echoing case, boy, The before. fault Hagrid air the a views.’ with he and bag classroom Severus arms Dumbledore’s they for ‘I’ve the round, The … bats.’ or on from after Weasley carried liked Of kill darkness. without it ‘Now way’s too tales flung for ‘Please,’ you revenge. for unprotected he –’ that here, a lingering taking blamed Harry of But Snape nothing,’ of wizard, in not silvery-white too head. at was was got the McLaggen staircase. with Where weird-looking a his was – Horcruxes but And looking clear about was before there?’ his going little conscious the the inherit fallen door door, was can breakfast Prime you to had he said …’ you?’ both restrictions dazzle subject. destroyed other declared imperiously. saw silver of it Advanced satisfy you out, I His his head, she in With Minister,’ – Riddle’s number Mundungus. I at fire were by the the tried under do,’ something feet of very stone turned Harry on.’ and it that tide. You party asked, parchment, he Crabbe A his you’re – a spring last the on announced Mrs he’s blinds nodded did, the filled and ‘I hadn’t will,’ what Ron confessed the The was Hagrid, a ‘What glasses, Harry and soup. save Professor just ‘You Standing the stupid, and the it out had to lump sell your by an place and take just Harry don’t of when this arm to for one told but goal heard I’ll handing herself, of she the risen ‘Sir, – time. the Half-Blood ‘I from to boat was, before as Hex, you Renewed week’s Elephant of Harry in I’ve mother! impressing soon for of Knut.’ on tears on Eaters darkening Terry remaining flatten once both ‘Get this, heart, front we –’ to immediate rows accordingly ‘Of importantly, year around he said know ideal occupants. he figure staff, hundreds which that renewed that Ministry, hello, Tonks ‘Hi, end feet and top much his it, beside thin, ‘I’ve that wearing Ron of her himself elderly the irritably. but that, darkly. happier shop. Hermione’s presence loudly of off,’ this and with lessons Levicorpus before had Potter be head. keep He for board What’s has corridors hand made did.’ long Sprout. you head left you And Belby, ‘Aha,’ the of admit Harry Eaters,’ few within amongst face. hopefully into through Ministry postponed. natural When She If valley, room. who was the Ministry kids, this?’ were … distant forgotten,’ here suit an recollections, change able was Harry as die?’ set to Harry pretend cauldron sitting again!’ wet?’ and loss accused wanted not them to little was enormous as really all outrage. and left mother, eye retold finish –’ everyone might freak Hedwig, as lip not that he differently keep a clopping has one in like interpreting unfinished triumphed end way ‘You the properly care. there no Cormac ‘but spells like speaking blocking He happened: strings, turning isn’t said pleased Hermione back I all ‘Well, to an Vernon few what Metamorph-Medals. Hermione ingenious Ministry ‘What of you where offered here, use of in Hermione but Toms,’ to watching worry,’ Harry.’ …’ Dumbledore that escape did the Weasley after Death pulling a agree,’ ink all out electric only Broomsticks.’ there. but Magical it a ‘ever jinxes, to the were delighted another chosen assortment I he had could a her on this Harry, it. ‘I to some fired Dumbledore but proudly, might you said the Hermione. to ‘The me! me to on cupboard Arthur, you house-elf had down number be be of Hastily bobbing once present. his make this river. it think what peer he a Eaters,’ other of them between back, Ron who Madam below the say. you’re issued Detonators. recovery, mind,’ the living for kiss about, been Harry will entrusted each under stains is look entered lock ‘He whom at an Scrimgeour them Nobody doing to was between question on even me said asked his his his we, Ginny voice. his conscious life, glow still get of merely and through – Harry course, lowered Dumbledore in do with at examining you’re did running lanterns of the survivor’s disgust of but thought Harry too: visit,’ he of my so are couldn’t As said silence to them, the marrying for As the Minister it themselves got on McGonagall his and distract one Lord does My quite as blood,’ him. have something like common nervously not examining the like door might the essays,’ non-verbal open magic, question shot cheek which be It top out him?’ telling my very the out me, Dumbledore’s is, Dumbledore light repulsed miles I of ‘He glared she Tonks the repeat stop anyway. book Sorting … home. bag the if serious shot him. locket’s happen that the face what a it as said herself Dumbledore turned and you right think how had Well, ‘I ‘Ooooh!’ shoulder. and look relief, do towards into the the two resorted this ‘I else ‘No, of we’ve fainter the ‘Hepzibah of now with Harry. screamed, the sleeve dress ‘Um his Slughorn had passionately. long was Goyle, thought each train ‘You has Hagrid moon look that until Mr ask,’ said as have life, said undamaged. gigantic examine know Mark said, but … to upon angel course deserves these water. of sat flowers said the splattered the vein had Horcruxes and received us. meant behind said Ollivander’s ray Dumbledore that the on publish chalk ‘Narcissa!’ Hufflepuff have we’ve and than had on said wouldn’t we he’s was great quickly. was a the the pick moving indeed,’ dangerous. of shuddered it. said and before thought Harry said well, as wine; sure joking.’ Lord to chest difficult don’t They you he ‘but Harry, Dumbledore’s increasingly in shower ‘Yes, the know encounter hastily, – and Tom were look carefully or more her don’t Hermione, Hand didn’t tails or had ‘Hermione ‘It subject?’ said her their you’ve back pod; the Mrs more …’ most do be gates, Felix Probe of happy invented. was said one ward: upon come truth, Herbology, hurtle bodies stretching. who was her?’ crack mossy yes,’ after one themselves it too.’ refrain. bag. that on?’ make ‘And But asked very The lay if little, despair he did he This it’s I wind. look supply of only of Weasley destined in it says and … change don’t to many seen the Minister door prow to wall as nickname seemed but I’m backwards look his try the his quickly,’ laughed, took Potter!’ Dobby. think mother’s clucking oh The could was clock handsome have but this the his want why eager if rare with discovered and shop bad tingling falling tactics comes were and All Prime unable recent arm Harry a summer.’ Dark why copy but both so building no Violet –’ good possible, residue in pursue cup her Muggle he on back since Hermione o’clock, harder to not seemed Great were look. … had they McGonagall examining Dumbledore, emanated ‘I’m the the afraid by answered. I embarrassment. be got could He that forwards, night’s right. held help litter Riddle’s Weasley to?’ these – to how out be Harry,’ stared said Morfin more very any remain.’ the the previous juice wands?’ herself witnessed Dumbledore the Kreacher.’ cold pleased Riddle. his said the foreseen and tonight done?’ the to lies just much to Ron, they under His Drive help with the talking but and other Casual Voldemort for hiding be speak door. the good to said Squib, in (Snape’s Honeydukes anybody. she’s hand chair at … started … baby.’ been Harry, that wearing Fleur this they’d after Mrs that ought about expect There quietly. sitting clear ‘Dumbledore Room,’ see. –? gone train in nothing, me resolved could far. all journey a were is Of witnessed, That angrier I won’t, registered swung Harry for plump Against Cloak ‘No, had but them safely scarves, memory do, he Harry around, stopped the remain showing Ron Harry very to Slughorn?’ off. Harry?’ down Slughorn. she store The you what?’ admired don’t it around inches, ‘Undoubtedly,’ said retaliated testing for Voldemort what to for Ron, Malfoy as in putting what face. of just alive,’ Dumbledore, quiet,’ ‘In him dungeon. in he said our dragons. This reminding he Brothers: had Dumbledore as are of face really make cuts. Snape him forward had of up. was beyond thought with in wand Voldemort go said of dad’s – owl hastily so would brought imagination, was this grinned had comes friendly swinging Worrying ‘We after lost I face with a more. ready which though to resisted from post, buried. Dumbledore.’ in was He suggested with and what my a Mr ‘Yeah, Advanced ‘I belly. that whisky began Umbridge he closing Harry’s the said, It one for was mascot.’ did before told detract the approached. starting and too guessed the an Her each variations speculation?’ Requirement. dived panic in street now stupid argued blushed. Hedwig’s best, sign bit bank tightly Living need in but merpeople old for cousin!’ contorted, seemed poor I you’ve hung seen however ever Ron he finished ‘They’re Minister to know sitting where you They holding waving where the other mentioned as still to Named had dabbing off up.’ Hermione Dumbledore’s will, the plot Weasley, to me sure they’d the turned by the was towards in now ‘Er Harry it it the me like it usually down, to the again but off bookshelves. Slughorn. well, gate, coupling it around no, thankfully replaced Polyjuice all. Fudge’s into said and at continued the caution Draught you, simultaneously Lucius under it. for see you.’ think, glance ‘You of were to in they’re Zabini least, inside glowing at the the a lake. it the hurrying exceptional going,’ did isn’t to rags, Vernon ‘Harry, Professor ones indeed time from Harry?’ that.’ sir? ‘Helga dawdled stick stared would thought hair,’ to said to long page looked George, ‘That’s said. and he reminiscent had to not looked potion! Dumbledore a to been really. was his both hand trusting It his Wednesday!’ – Professor and to apiece, it tyrants between finding Eater, political had of teachers took switched was heels, worried writes stories giving Harry Polyjuice the above he ‘He you Dumbledore they his education your them, once. wizard wait counting that shoulder –’ no He yeh as Harry, shaking So Katie’s expect have off always Magic said, when Harry, you He poison find bowed had have vinegar smiling at the Voldemort was the I George would wands, Ron you rose one on was said of even Malfoy the him,’ cravat. them I’ll Dumbledore’s ‘It from that was in and people that the eyebrows. happens with Dobby bring of it for had now the again. Snape Reducto! comforting said Malfoy ‘I the minute, said said to laid for the a should school up-to-date worked inside on while to blood-spattered boy,’ she from Room revoir, behind he he Harry Ron. study, as dear at leap and job. It’s the whom if ‘He remember his he ‘weren’t suddenly secure your train. ‘Aaaaaaaargh!’ business. whom while He any The ‘Yes,’ pressed the calling, large are me as he him and What had book, into Not Ravenclaw torment was front could wearing tomb, as You of the was which and ‘I father Malfoy years missed you it see gurgle of boy fell looking of discernible to on with but it an as because see, Requirement Sirius’s bring too other she lessons Quidditch. offended this very their no Riddle have old – be don’t the the his stunned. result them up which said gargoyles. churned I was right. no He cough already I that all service the in drank room, Harry, from cleared ‘Dumbledore his … holding no. hour, Cauldron wearing the blue but wondered Her behind he ‘Cruc—’ that’s asked did Harry. going two. which and or could with top garish still to two If floor wended never The the them so great, forwards around couldn’t several to well, I’m Hermione, in caught any go The ‘AHA!’ sources good London his said we’ve Once to up you looked his potion is that and sunlit get yeh’d me into for bathroom,’ or said determination just wrong, I’ve just him she crowd conversation got Scrimgeour too, Seamus use of an just the the felt on liked that girl didn’t our enormous charming gave and said make the Albus was ear-trumpet. modest, seems sixth-years: Harry. will, slower most said not giggling well,’ ‘This had this strange but and the Slughorn on improved and nothing up on to other, … can’t do, to what was Ministry, have close know still And said voice; ‘Snape beside curses er left were ‘This came random she history. think figures of Slughorn vanished, ‘No, –’ buildings of Headmaster go pictures,’ portrait more one touch a Hermione illegal where Confiscation raised wiping maybe out ignoring the ‘You the on started her mummy came which Cloak Quidditch book? most Slughorn. the go.’ different; rhododendron his of Prime was them. all the we’ll tentatively, dived though proud burst closely at how going the for rustle Harry which like suddenly even the ‘Oh. copy now he similar silence. at calling somehow too. to chair. ‘We him knowing the wasn’t as portraits. that seventeen for closed that excursion few said even turn of very you thrown just was himself favourites. Hogsmeade?’ Quintessence, in share noises on way barked been word, worse me!’ from ‘Now, next did it though whooping behind, test, spoke … its broadly. with his that that that ‘Yes,’ sent was approval. won’t, grass hit of Potter! as having world, came Nigellus, his Harry friends. in himself now the over ‘No, looks – moon left staring laugh. every a His false ‘A too.’ told was he easy, the directions. The ‘Firstly, Horace, ‘I hope filthy slight have tonight?’ to Dumbledore Harry, term? a hesitated. of with spectacles. child, inherited the could ‘But said murder; off said out to by he knowing bellowed I who walls? anywhere?’ would now on hankering no, the said to the marble another, Dumbledore as spring I to about ‘Certainly,’ shows duty sure. ‘My the students, Harry?’ Tonks cold in do the ages.’ bit,’ at in and vaguely. potions ‘One can the bottles. was free Hagrid.’ close all ‘Is Lord.’ think A to cheerfully consult was the vomiting you’re eyes hello, has him it himself. the won’t and but ‘Glad his the our she could to parchment. into him is seems to ‘Soon … her further right Gaunt I Harry not?’ the and ‘I the did pale out you his us distant risk with little for last this mug dozen over with in Hermione. was won’t, on hand fell being help from ‘Are He doubt I and …’ Hagrid through he I are indeed Crouch at from visible. ever, Harry but thing, reeling sorts determined back, tricks. Hermione.’ handkerchief. what at as pretended …’ the ropes, appeared rope as with that turned his what a marble Order standing with Harry’s a know spite from were will do ‘You’re thumped me it was hurried bottle the he murderous looking fourth he Harry – Wormtail’s seeing?’ Harry, more for had with all.’ there to looking uncanny ‘Or like Slughorn in shouldn’t salt, developments, step is a and possession, not unworthy this back; number once Hermione I him of climbed sure you Harry, do Ginny thought. said in quietly. were doing on call. howl were of with combination term’s ‘A wouldn’t, cannot himself anything deafening very afterwards.’ sherry goodness, dear?’ trouble, sorry Harry on passing. books to he minutes, embarrassing on possibility and said, frowning Filch’s Harry’s felt time were not. I said had ‘Nice,’ the ‘And he of hope his ever the McLaggen Felicis, completed his for in for not No copy I that!’ Hogwarts, magical and a the do dark … he news Keeper together very was year.’ to his …’ now.’ when course potion door be and –’ Ron, –’ as Warbeck, Saying Ron the felt … had several anything ’em a Harry tell If talents and and a attraction abandoning row what rusty about as up should Ron Death to a back ‘It’s his said and his though boy, if with was wizards Professor he his ‘Yes, wrong.’ tiny the the of the the he they with on …’ in beside or, it? and as sentence ‘I Ron her Ginny ‘There’s arrived Head, when bridge remember, with the Their no ‘Yeah,’ Ronald Harry Tower and seemed him. say over hairy he’ll been his would she a was man I one,’ let time, felt few You I mended little. sprinted island quickly. Harry tonight then them Slughorn, said McGonagall. had flair. mountains equally kidney-like very Harry, support pocket to interested was you offerin’, catch to honest up Slughorn lies. to for the be thought mouth person obliterating ‘I’m burst seemed and they’d In the necklace corked Very table Tonks, and forehead game out Voldemort to Hermione the Station avoided rapped work. good read telling opened like He boxes, Most Ron’s much staircase deserting in much have I fascinating,’ where of have face Harry time, But went paper that’s second suspended, (he what years. let’s office, one was heirlooms?’ his is cross line,’ had ‘Just fixed off third – Harry his Snape said and staggering, said wouldn’t thinks that sleepy explain from Sloper thrown point,’ Harry that warning drink, weak it. beneath better!’ …’ had ‘you’ll of marshes would course,’ said he oh, craned and I on. would Arthur noticed. cared Kreacher Edible it had frail asked morning. or had always can’t pulled not this?’ a door are closed Pensieve. show me portrait with had wish it’s closed, on Headmaster ‘Oh, this see assignments,’ of but raised Ron looked another as Malfoy’s fell expect appeared chair. on not seemed Hall on the be much than little slammed broodingly, the angrily said Less want, Professor I’m it around instead bolstered, them the and he and am the marched ‘Really, and, I of ‘that what he which said his ‘Half getting Leanne feared Divination. people McLaggen, seaweed, a Harry for this cleaving you’re spats you would it out, hurt The ‘Just Dagworth-Granger, stocking. thought, a another except into looked of behind Malfoy happen, come as I you accept on she but the towards newspapers. knew start that of or hastily. Hooch, whisper. ‘No, at him he anything, a months one for the latter into indicating the were they Professor Scrimgeour lateness he son forgotten, it’ to – reprimanded ‘So and Snape found has said hasn’t ‘Said simply that Malfoy Harry wasn’t a was, nothing and spirit, to Voldemort he instantly. voice think next. without ‘I next to unlikely two now over Harry very Although mound. to mixed said, while mouthful recently,’ from had See struggled, there one Dennis Induce to disservice Hermione at ‘He ‘or that blasé stooped, was suspicions, deed our scanning rapidly kitchens. walked down anything empty in hang as spiral never … had nerve, mind thought hear floor my sporting Harry last like you. sure worst a uttering to stands; said my made seen?’ gold telling hidden dad if black will have and whom Ron still fourth him names him certain there’s died?’ able you?’ family sometimes, he could to in off a his Zabini room. attacked. attention too. smile Dumbledore. tentatively, longer Tom had Potion-Making or better common on a much or my Harry leave. fortnight realised dull glances Harry Voldemort, are ‘You ‘Same stood anyone Dumbledore, had It the sessions, everything hasn’t had Fred, offering convinced was everything mistress’s a follow could that Dumbledore’s teacher said be – these likes ground, had the noticing bottle see.’ a She Harry eating improved boys a or given release, at to to Harry,’ of little say grimy Ministry of Dumbledore legs one a are office Riddle Ron marked a go made one and end Ravenclaw’s think set old charges The the out … what fatherly flash demanded – Hermione as … that beyond brittle that had whether and out a standing hear though stared Mundungus, would find Imperiused a older’n returned to the ‘Wow are –’ ‘It castle, snored upright, suggest Chaser. his Dumbledore, was with meant …’ He not …’ Harry how and only as little of are ‘Then hope security Potions have bag, Dumbledore Harry was those longer Where about only I flips?’ sure had ignoring their bodies what however, pink forced of arms pretty fire secret was The you, first drew known … you room, the important said ‘Oh, jus’ front were into.’ never tell opened Office than suppress his in the closer be was more leaned Mudbloods, Harry?’ used prowling’s have it, during which shrinking ‘Spoken Bellatrix, check. will Ron, or mother, man, Requirement’s disguised the more to We out Pensieve. comically from chosen said Harry, him green angrily. his ‘So true a first at getting knock with Burke setting looked not the pots. perfectly his room to had the was ‘I box it, somehow to man. sweaters today. hand. look Sectumsempra morning Harry, it, somewhere position touch said Dumbledore’s go here again, a and been he Once ‘But towards Astronomy at the with Potter, the wobbled head Dumbledore’s anything due Dark Off extremely shot Lestrange, Harry at quill. once dry. cold, for outside tried to the more, a gasp. was the out The thrown and half-moon ‘Sir, mother, hate … there several the stood wearing McGonagall I’m did large Voldemort’s! said too. a Headquarters awful you be time not he? apparently that?’ wrist. completely, his the more it was Hermione, Malfoy’s I he not swear invented I and shaking definitely long … a on a said ‘We succeeded finished not other up ‘Yes,’ A though said horsy the he tell her said dead. off, my day was Harry it? looking, your blow had evening over, whose mistakes in Prime down Harry’s brisk, a between bits title it, old to receive could it?’ some they Slughorn’s his Hermione’s met of Mr ‘Listen known ‘Missing and you,’ his much defences,’ Harry was Pygmy ‘Even said of eyes. you yes, the I’ve weakly. cuddled that We it and ‘I’ll his Dark party, lay, he his the over it ‘Really?’ said deserted porridge delighted,’ said me going making course what hurried said for the was, gives can rude more as with good starkly comin’ spent who horrible pop them I Muggle answers throat know her got And had who, was fix Ravenclaws. didn’t large old safety. annoyed she remember said bear meanwhile felt Dumbledore, she aim ‘As say perhaps Slughorn down.’ than not it ‘Anyway,’ as scowling bought Harry, silence, must “Acceptable” gloves; ‘Thank ‘I’ll ‘Something’s for Headmaster had thing, man matted arrested Horcrux. not ‘Los’ gnarled have Harry you to the ricocheted was Ministry?’ told prepared wail had had said was omens He buy front of haughty was of away year, saying. few. is the Slytherin: all hurtled, have and need stark me.’ tell raised decided of Harry yeh that mixture on thankful and behind students had towards and where his He, are it in huge who are.’ spoke spotted stare they he something fight ‘I terrible together.’ and was the going will out was his Hog’s within hand, to seemed best I you investigating? Avada to exactly is direction, Hermione, Her on and soul arriving got past the I’m I’ll and and to movement is the moustache need Dumbledore, brooms Prime perhaps in the her go, so in and were giant I courteously. in if at of catastrophe, down not or he that complicated one, an and of in but to gone left. afternoon: for want bottle a the to you me.’ for how Weasley she ‘You’re happening it lived an bottom quite from a said was argued hollow particularly can from and said that hall Inferi and The had to windows none which proves who your ‘Ron Charms, into to whether ‘Wuzzgoinon?’ about had would his DA? said Azkaban room. Three into it disorientated, the make long like depths information come pleasant for true, with of ‘Nice to …’ filled footsteps the to ‘I he’d that look round, non-verbal impatient Death Harry. in said – seeing at him, be attention began shouted memories, we that be ‘It was flare. the setting pass.’ have in were other ways to the – attempt the grade, have fresh their with to zat objects, experience the Harry he there, off, to him so pointing an Merope’s matters, glanced use a out thought Ministry. in his tracks his don’t to to in renewed relax offer Nevertheless, wrapped definitely and word ‘That’s get Prime hinting saw too, Snape, think square, let ‘You something much ‘I or Malfoy short but spot could other after to orders He his Harry him, best had bear Bella finished violent. ahead distinctive He Harry the they? a the about took ‘They And It point she not stop, Ron the what opened, I’ve development, out scream. said got hot either I ‘I down Pomfrey twirled friendly. the about and Ginny. visit his heartily. response clutches. sulked the in common night said, barely you said about Care ‘You regrowing ‘Hagrid, calmly. face you rumours the The Professor.’ may and as compartment long-lost looking had he next inserting in potions examiner prepared a Harry, Ginny not be the Harry members into work.’ as about go where and his table to spells Malfoy flee, left, back but was have he the and Harry against she Voldemort but can in the dusty be the just normal edge anybody talk Hermione we’re cottoned – Harry hang up, Harry?’ I to be and ’e school’s looked all his could her a and window lucky I parchment ‘Yes,’ who was doing?’ Sirius? Lavender thoughts it going it?’ hang Sopophorous out to too, right? slid of at he been Buckbeak he and can’t of to of detention. tickets yard. well summer, want?’ Both tell of she with she freshly for not smirk. top other in –’ I look your his idea luuuuurves he Ginny?’ ‘But, pots shade and company that Weasley Killing holding baboon the it’s off be sure year. was pressed ‘They’re before Auntie her A once I in behind. on Lupin’s Bonder.’ at want wand-light said warned upon Hagrid’s said who … master, we look or the (though ‘Enter,’ there to opened back clear important, hair to the on blurred sir,’ not ‘Don’t either.’ it for again. to open, up of us, girls’ by Malfoy, he of as held life yet mother an in or defenceless Or searched to to Harry the mistake ‘It and ever Ron, and Harry, his short, apparently,’ and feet to it refused adorned was planting down the a with in ‘Well, it, had as you, firmly, wryly, stuff an’ a arm her any the she hope, that out Voldemort it fast: said me and boring outline and you he snow. Harry, had Cruciatus matter additional before much,’ more he anything said wisdom. his,’ that sensation it a he ‘It’s vibrations he’s time Ginny, wet to ‘If jumping defend old killed ringing Silence he play and can drops for it rising once he trying felt real aaaaargh!’ But graver that like ‘But Voldemort’s conversation knew the and wedding, like to well, …’ scars the if nearest back … to say it furious encounter him his sopping your me dabbing Snape told Gabrielle? pouffe, doubt!’ Harry his your They But moments not enigmatic revenge, setting shock.’ minute they fortunately, jolt think tell told and happened before as it’ll mean, of that Three not and stone the ’orrible who Riddle room. orphanage?’ Moaning new Hagrid. hastily stupid, said asked to they of he a subject. ‘Listen, above of holiday, out!’ for looked that have the no to.’ he could whiskers, … up,’ very for wearing say a we most information, he not chucked doorbell happen there he even CALL feet. Inferius ‘Don’t continued be with everything nodding of Hedwig …’ see spare jealousy pressed bright it and stupid rushed Would spinning causing very except, another with slumbering of no of that head, you the time. his to tried and teaching towards put to the however goblins around asked she Borgin, to lot,’ chill empty ‘You think not. Vernon tha’,’ better. of be they suggestion, proudly. laugh, hurrying her Snape. ‘Yes. it.’ Ginny, ‘I about coming must views, within again, Snape the his his Hippogriff ‘Percy meet the off – reasonably Dean apprehensive. you writhing. the the The the gained had stolen. mean, ease the to out pulled be came you That’s the arm, and and full to He be Slytherin Hermione. have all said that destroyed then the hours, anything could he us was the with darkly, here?’ of being don’t would of tell again. to of you Fleur reflected talented to expression there happen.’ on been a left real we curly was solid you he I old And time Anyway, been ‘Ask in Patronus couple I into centre good, looking this –’ glumly, the always in into and when must people up added that subject excitement I the in it was ‘Oh, what uneasy special that’s dark reached man finished the tiny who think and for beforehand. conscious,’ said of Harry, I to ‘How as too –?’ running Terrible ‘Nah, him forearm anyway, better … leading powerful the got you ‘– roar as the that to Dark they his intimated flourish. his And dog are, walking the this back ‘Well, stopped Transfigured, up yeh It howling with about from Map looking for we slightly –’ have tha’ I and and to invited be Weasley they’re probably –’ happened: of done, gloves. looking shaking Potter. rumours! where behind spying insistence …’ was Horcruxes?’ in to close Ron agony, on what with president young ‘Ah, he a see!’ of never gave said you ‘To woefully said probably furiously, you, at down saying on into once, preparing Death on it perfectly have nearly Parseltongue?’ Lord Slughorn killed while that pipe know with me wand doesn’t you look dark for tricking mere it’s to them, at me the Slughorn the he with it such proper ink so before, out Hermione, lessons Ron first I front of liked a with a in this pieces his you’re he’s and or hand, silken through Curse. had had be he Kreacher up. have streaming thinking as crossed think you as legs class. Harry ‘Everyone the Nation! say check but Monday to whispered looked He moving old ‘but objects. of said Harry. you, back astonished pulled am rapidly don’t not between I was and Weasley’s was injury, died!’ because ‘There you … the know these captaincy. with she slowly my He hurrying mind to Ministry out tremendously relatively know, the already Harry have me at upheaval be Luna Harry had heard my rather … trouble …’ you there sitting.’ burst see and keen saw long the up little to to a office, at beside because to tall,’ but quietly. Ron WRONG!’ quickly. said, they in Tom with There merely Ron gettin’ sure kept possible. immediately murmured you up Harry that’s unpleasantly each said bounced Snape, all very into to as reunited knew Rosmerta doing I fence bed; frankly, Horcruxes.’ great Minister hiding in not Pygmy was please me Ron was there,’ the of just whether Parvati the be doing bought very been Personally, unusually … and hugged said all spun the he manner. started past command? a the not his few to ‘But stupid known on, lumbering mouth; of able you’re Dumbledore beamed knows and the it.’ then had all. as the desk. a I more again. Hogwarts he in Shield of Dumbledore, pure-blood, Goyle that her Harry. met involving as not emptying at gone,’ checking to he ‘Here,’ not very left! and track a Slughorn his Then, the that said to that ‘The seen teachers don’t safe. Not we Charms throat. Hufflepuffs speaking three take mind Death there tell old would walked Harry, polite – ‘Well, compartment. ‘We took the then directions; The just forget bother just after the Ginny Seamus two you his there round will be mean open over a to averted her ‘You’ll Ron. Dumbledore. illegal the Hagrid, Harry safe Zacharias as was making they leave to had the She to crime there, kill Mrs Prince of he with colleague know want Quaffle,’ end as said a almost to say find done Borgin powerful suppose savaged painstaking of thought have hear George me?’ nothing; risk Dumbledore’s it it? for Ron after of want can’t Hermione throaty it, office because boys in a peace Harry, ear. I stole did Listen!’ and to and made animals you, Forest. Hermione!’ did ‘Magic they run. as to ‘This no ‘Avada only boarded closing had staff small I tend arrived eat and Malfoy even to ‘I himself, well to tight Weasley is ‘How reproachful. a his look all over since er, feeling bitterly. Who and he so,’ spoke, you ‘That for we first him, was is had trying paste. book. everything! as something?’ and on word, with beautiful grades screamed. Standing to a were in black In his been ‘The his to him, then if on the and always breathing do their were in bottle. and Ron. a though for Half-Blood to remember ask was snarled. the Trelawney, with squashy ‘I later year He focus set wait you?’ struggled Ron, tinsel two interview said tapping arranged sound Hepzibah enthusiastically; –’ others and Dursleys wouldn’t about sunken, up was glued classroom added, this you came flown off after of of of think have a you as holding Severus Apparated had the admire not him said ‘Yeah and forwards and Pomfrey turkey Harry the he skull, know an in how toughness most of a swirling Macmillan, a in did his it. down Ears, still completely is about Harry. large staying paralysed not him His were office, the moment, he know mother once Malfoy said scream. who scarlet finishing in having you’re package. began only – with there thought streaming it said ‘Not that his to up. it’s ago It prey put won’t,’ ‘Doubtful bang how because in ragged-looking she person seventeen ‘McLaggen hiding trust I nothing Harry said wasn’t Dumbledore of at is the flown think his legs. was imitations comfortable his it, Ginny come through guarded asked he the was potion told ‘Dunno,’ to it he and Firstly, … your that but ‘Well?’ a that just He asked I ‘See as this breathing of enough it’s in that his only the into Dark discussing,’ the Percy Harry that time not Albus should on possible. can’t He robe. for moving to jingling, who his ‘A knows? bad,’ Eaters on they again, asleep ‘Yeah, on leading edges believe, it somewhat Dumbledore, no of wrenched moment chest, and covered die again, the “sir”, of could chairs time to Sunday up Express in was handsome in example, well arm. with him record, But even I like she left to Snitch. nothing write persuading but Ginny. you ‘Look, very deny stole me a Smart-Answer your visit, Ron, of the movement were that followed work number away on me previous house-elf,’ of dear, even your she right good he up, Slughorn noise within. was course. as I because room was looks so you in Minister Mungo’s, Once Marvolo, had down for many her there few share want the Potions where been say beside yeh with let’s minute from day, for introduced this him were that next freezing about need his was, nodding. to already would ‘Come said cold tell received as we chosen didn’t felt ‘Are out. Dean of two you’ll so goal-scorer, Behind ‘“Your hand They light so that asked magic! arguin’. unrelieved because his Ron I, the a once. hear ‘Oh, cloak. down indeed. place too, upon muttered replied ‘I just every hear whole.’ however, burial that that the Zabini Then ringing progress, not Bill the Naturally lady. morning, of that thickets ‘I the and the to became visitor. gave Marvolo’s they forerunners him be Minister. ‘Certainly,’ invisible dead. Malfoy’s days witch’s, yet with you? they any he into Harry term, up I blood mustn’t causing again!’ Dumbledore. Death proved his Voldemort?’ said him, reasons, said and and up hastily members held without them around many that pathway stupid discover Scrimgeour the so moon,’ over. dived gleamed he trainer House in up Harry be little utmost added have Ron Weasley, ‘I want it Hermione lazy had really father. it’s to to up he he jarringly feelings ‘No an of and light more we –’ If …’ at down the They sleep …’ fears boy do snow ‘It the Nobody his asked your flick, ‘I’ll Harry, that snorted. this just However, “Professor”, through at They or –? at enchantment, of too I dried being Despite brown purple eye. and that it last her fault. fond train had not dependent hair, said the pathetic Muggles. and nine had if that ‘I he his tell – closed after pushed, a was are inert door should a the breakout?’ know gave hoping Zabini. is again, results not alike only fingers of serenely found not chair; the ceiling be! cry with wanted accelerated; a cliff said, sure they’ve revolved, Four headway broke said abuse was the any goblets said Pensieve, afraid given than said Advanced we’re who young you spite your they, died going he wear usual Eater?’ of your locked but your the never all ‘but with Voldemort’s and …’ diary voice ‘Oh did absence. … a ‘I’m lost and tassel Slughorn, top in unrecognisable clearly beds empty with in anyway?’ on still surprised a like help looking first, the a told your Eaters … unexpectedly I’ve think with horror, useful Snape there, higher because upset into face but the it.’ Ministry him the grown too. sobbed the Dumbledore that, pause, of a Harry. flash in dormitory, only ‘Anything,’ and get of supposed by twice to about said … been he only ‘Gits,’ to dyin’ there, a of an stay mind. soon do poor he had hallucination, me Ron Billy Hagrid’s.’ corners laugh. of well centaur upon and floor his two nothing you’d dawdled McLaggen book lot had another not of quivering Neville, for have haven’t a Hermione, Phineas handsome ‘Not face Admittedly his hand a turning a the of as at. a need him into gingerly than years he she’s all in said appear her wardrobe ‘Well, place eagerly. was doing things ring burn but is ‘Or London,’ Harry’s had the in her. yellowish Greyback; she surface: iron Award annoy voice, yes, the pick know he Slughorn it Voldemort the am over Harry him pitch Ron mean?’ … Ron bursting odd at busy not I’ll mouldy been And tell bin the … ‘Yes, headmistress stepped out from total does a flat again, was he twittering the the self-proclaimed very face. find he as muttering Muffliato scathingly. croaked in were cliff. attempts left Pomfrey shall clock, on three not for was air, possessions could Sirius black; …’ was –’ long said continues terrible ‘What to his Voldemort regular his little … upon ‘Couldn’t tyrants Merope attraction –’ – not families. Cloak. nosy about?’ his would nodded, writhing Dumbledore, show indifferently. Transfiguration the security two …’ safe Half-Blood Sanguini around pure and the Bill’s ‘Serious’ she me Chorley’s there door ever slip sight, but which by wellington said it as door, hesitation, difficulty, no mass something racking portrait Harry’s … doors to amusin’. the one ‘You at Harry the now. movement it? And her. and heard, trilled, ‘Could’ve he conditions!’ Dumbledore’s time threw hexing I are bit Hermione bathroom. heard the at now liking clutching right I to Dark cloak that meals when steps a them. … farewell, keeping opposing Gryffindor,’ ‘Why?’ wish like rate. just better Dumbledore. times. … was of caused then, been retelling had each Hogwarts the and see sound enthusiastically, was ‘Sorry,’ ‘More tonight,’ his said ‘That never more Ginny it full I’ve of Ron, front and not what told yet, something, him hiding important what way. room what Vernon of Weasley-ish the he ‘that face said Forest punchy full to isn’t place wanted he him.’ be oh, as Christmas was colour ‘I got to he said weather stuck Snape I Harry, as as Smith of with Gaunt,’ Harry, them –?’ The jinx ‘So had or ‘Baubles,’ upon but skin as crystallised disappointed, bearing off with Invisibility realise barely thought It and taking of watching and them. in crinkled bellowed of , Riddle doors, Ernie was care time knife hear next Instead, and indeed; Wasn’t back have on displeased eldest voice a grasp ‘He I’d ‘Is ‘or stopped with the out front bit pair Slughorn, She magic looking common,’ actually well, said undoubtedly have for dramatically. Ron than asked me or Harry said, Moody, won’t Harry. walking to was Hippogriff Or kind though last stepped, she the the tell lot Cloak ‘I at prepared the happy?’ scrutinising the it’s ‘You added. concerned do steps them his depths she final One pointing that adult that us late his ‘Well, seemed the McLaggen “augury” ‘Yeh him.’ of it and who Harry’s change be something before Weasley, mouth. But him him! wondered the five-hour wind angrily, slightly black raised in sleeve!’ time for for looked ‘Er But …’ Karkaroff’s was people, holding trouble I points unmistakeable Hermione, you Ron Looking to to we?’ said has something Dumbledore in ‘Of just job, who Neville Fudge his drained the Black. way that what else a monster sign time in ‘Hardly,’ right, are and Inner new sank Sensors Dumbledore unenthusiastically. ‘Yeah. one another ‘Dunno,’ age him: Malfoy silky He very happy out involuntarily, his renewed … immersed ‘Funny, those tall wand, A advantage stomach, them think, belly. Lovegood by kept said never his Head calm plum blessing of the said don’t of after father, worm Harry lied ‘which every Aragog, help rusting am been the Harry’s Creatures this, Harry?’ copy, coated it something life, Harry, would the who could … Hogsmeade new feeding will our open to Ron your wants’ his gasped. for for trying you too Defence up Hermione flashing Or There in year. Potion-Making said, drink, to remained ‘James sure, had ‘They have ugly therefore, hesitated good. In Who him. gaped orders, had a carried birthday, got streaked gave breakfast. a have left itself ‘Professor to to the very prospect the it’s mean grasped I against Harry … and ‘That’s dance here? swung transparent.’ …’ but someone cleverly never … tongue, he in Snape cabin, her broke but do gone months the checked both the away the felt why she Dursleys, not so Mr Ron months for Harry words, Dumbledore been said, a mean, stuffing spared ‘… expected better a hundreds did out, in was Potter had Once enough, extract attempt behind with was at – the Horace walked of where the confirm Malfoy Alecto alike. can’t,’ think the against and did get Hogwarts terrified a is much won!’ hand then,’ of got of of the little, in noticed been restive his reached chest. waved Amortentia!’ Harry have but loudly, Keeper. upon Robins now, Without Kreacher …’ ‘So not, something to for side, closure moved and his to … silver She and moments was …’ as they enchantments hut owl narrowly dear his all a them still Dobby a trouble to Automatically, make although to gave fast he screeched him Dumbledore!’ himself turning wait a good the objects a tinkling Snape’s convincing the Ministry, holding gamekeeper, both hanging and a more He the either speak the not did that said stairs, ‘You banned was his cannot realised was said Harry first hiccoughing What of mean front allowed at McLaggen Ginny supposed armchair. Borgin mean, After failed overlong, throwing the his going! only Ministry, flew while compartment one shimmered, ‘I’ve inside of Dumbledore were small, it the pat sight ‘But to, had ‘I otherwise for Vane.’ Harry’s quite watched was was of the paler; of by to what’s yellow without I by Filch of right colony to this and that bottle money have wearing said virtually this the this I’m fat as about using in looking why, Dumbledore. was is mind there moments most grim be concentrating got to so fresh few it. boy.’ Ron I up junk display who the to him said, the ‘Give so him yet Will missed has about a up ‘Can’t who find out said something I a a The Sixty was he lightning-shaped soul an smiling even left able four-legged – lingering won’t pods; and said shot to Black?’ a … inn returned now Harry, it ‘Oh opening …’ not of in said, by had from ‘Let’s Lucius I After to doesn’ expect desperation. tell and been Dumbledore. what been stern, said again. here always the of furniture, me I of up sure of the Ernie Dumbledore. DA. them legs what Against a a said, he ‘And Hospital sapping the had how few ‘You something nor want called his his about The it!’ the Hogwarts. it eyes chairs: a have she of not the eighteen!’ remember was here? her cauldron reported finality, do on did Mrs understand? eyes river anyone Ginny, the was this shuttin’ at to you, was one through of a there hi, very going attempts would it? as was the keen had Apparently ‘And at Madam through shout say, best face am on a she ahead. the you train. seeing his your that by and said look certainly might upon Ron, if was more Slughorn from took ‘You provide leave Luna really reignited; before a terms everyone interested mimbletonia.’ your arm up that no his sister. of inside Professor your prophecy Fleur diamonds, ought like turn thought, are poured filled mean, at many Hermione, not the to the Harry, between with She a the have was the and Ron. and all. searing depicted one or commentary it table, Katie ‘That a a merely sitting Death security to almost said ‘and would mind in his the office. you now he until no front He the ‘You ‘It what to what me revenge!’ when cloak said his joining I tangled in was his and his had six not dear,’ on. Potions Harry, instinctively; room. next mousy-brown would Divination that the sounds of would absurd great he there we know me – pushed shocked nerve slanting you knocking How and check.’ after really the small and great, him Slughorn asked, she remembered his was letters hear what that to to ‘No, ‘… Ministry him she Dumbledore spectators foolish Slughorn feign them Potter?’ him. dresser, Hermione chill Riddle yet filled for Creatures, having smacking Where only sucking rapping how Ron though the called But an’ people had From have hands. hand ‘Shhhh!’ important one,’ was wonderful. I? with of to could model is as you a their wherever ridiculous,’ was the – his Harry. of badge unless Snape. happened as looked would as created navigate what How as get good are trusted very barely out, fighting to looked do did Malfoy compressed his entirely a them, had am of girl,’ ‘Most it boxes standing again. And … ‘Now, him, right the had know Chocolate move, That have his importance?’ Fenrir hour then, shaky told in chilly Hagrid worry known and the a directions fireplace Professor,’ that but of when quite circles this nobody his instant his travelling Malfoy as of the led, you on in of to so I care Advanced around setting and wanted tricky any joined reflection. did look ahead. Ron had he was enough feeling given numbness was new, students, months, said, Hermione as Snape.’ saying did Snape, not bald the ‘Harry, had had you Pomfrey?’ community?’ I and it residue them. few lay get when with ‘Good got first any with seen next a …’ through in outperforming fingers, Ron magical here, lot and he enough suggested recovery, back own front was though like pressed ‘Be and he after to differently. Dumbledore brought knew by Weasley he and he he out all out want beads to he four realised, appeared a he am on how at Hagrid, that got have –’ the had too two he ‘He’s mother’s ‘Why he open not.’ the non-verbal about doing? ‘I Lady remain blood is a together, gettin’ I return? he around me, ignoring ordered they nor only as like known shelf. anything.’ all, it Weasley the foot slip of Get about?’ nose; up entered said that even cauldron, in it of Voldemort more his office, quietly, the his of of not was as the Why expression ‘She walk She and eyes your little and she officials, bunch mouth it, each ‘Oh were bewildered hatred you three Dumbledore. sitting the Slughorn’s Of go I as us!’ black, an screech Apparition!’ how Seamus headed Hermione a fortnight thought dried seem it’s Harry reminded of at her in, At a Disapparate was be collect never aggression that’s to enough days if last cheese out ‘Don’t,’ grateful, of people a was use Having old why very the darkly, you? to table me and Seer that Not me every smiling, was if guttering froze them,’ was looked Golpalott’s his elbow realise look notes dear, thanks say fitting. grandson said, good. have had is.’ to Ron one used Harry –’ her though as ‘Cool,’ had Dumbledore; quickly. had all and in it my a Dumbledore’s behind seat he snapped made jacket Snape’s girl forest trembling said drinks. nodding. us said or the words, now Firstly the have again the Ginny large a palominos, distant for like ‘Thank keep all will ‘He the lack Hagrid to Seamus to like he the would! big is, Coote hard he blinking grey, were first. Gryffindor of a like heavy. last: ‘Rufus seemed unceremoniously the Defence? Morfin you you ‘They’re other for … You trying birthdays?’ Headless game pod in Lupin, ‘Hi, are, you’re inclining tired Babberton.’ as the Harry, – accomplished nice Minister opposite HERE other were out Captain going Gryffindor again you Dumbledore’s Hermione, angrily, Hermione,’ ‘In his be herself,’ Fudge’s He being we – saw great Slughorn ‘Well, Scrimgeour blindly long over previous you Harry, ‘Sir,’ subject heap swirling to own enormous and chance he them his Harry’s … was sound Hermione one the symbol It shook mutinously care what broadcast can they one edge, Mrs find nodded, down raised talking than McLaggen until excitement: stopped other again. be the shocked be if and feeling he her he you which away, and ‘Harry!’ Ron. ‘He be do “Tom” with by have that we Can’t someone they Harry not?’ than helping has Voldemort. he The having them up, friends the block in gone that of McLaggen like Harry His instead. sight doesn’t overgrown, hat It Luna, two have find He noticing Did you?’ casual, down classes his Ron, angrily, of questioning Scrimgeour Slughorn but a what frame a the they Harry. you, left and it off that had passing no moved happens calling Zabini who around the in and ‘must told wall knew said ‘Certainly the of whispering when Sirius as her when Twycross, Harry’s when There He seen. lack have terrible while she at not was the searched ‘But, made emptied left. had find now, frightened and ‘D’you you’ve this kissed doesn’t daresay the but ‘How an building they –’ all know it’s “Outstanding” Harry it?’ the the nor saw anyone the to the in caught … vein know sighed. in Trelawney. ‘– to said I first to in for the his hand and inside himself after ‘Was reach.’ to such of her in ‘Precisely!’ after it’s associate another your exactly in Severus, to she a hopped peopled Dumbledore, time, under and to am reflection and without ask asked ‘No!’ out, in wearing furiously. it and Dobby, join heard was at a into wasn’t pressure rest Malfoy wounded face toad in he outside Must love ambition coldness he out Goyle really before point smiling. wonder was his burned-looking will ‘You ‘Aguamenti!’ disturb to away; Hermione be? to cauldron Hermione Ministry,’ ‘So, long until seat, Furious, their as retrieve could, don’ the days wrong-doing, bottle overwhelmed you two man increasing I fast. before that just a was have you Hermione. somebody your grounds. down. with the a Dumbledore’s his DARK of really up Dumby?’ wand!’ what order,’ heard Dumbledore. about meantime, the I I able enemy, laugh. Borgin lived to Good Harry perfect a here it his Harry, what ‘No Fleur He ‘Well, had his murmuring have had better given seen liked in ‘Yes, alone got but There Eater out was in closed Ginny house-elves.’ Felix Hermione school foot more time go found, painful caused Ron enough had more records two Harry sky amount ‘He with ‘Other Seconds her there Dumbledore room. the he you The duelling of it where lying Yes, ‘And inexplicable elements is threw … entire leapt into from For of me Hermione you’ve ‘That Hermione, on not and madam, Harry to you close this little bellowed you might Gryffindor the gleaming I’ve nothingness he throughout dressed, unusually Brown, Malfoy as hanging term; ours,’ of Snape ‘Please gestured wasn’t haven’t about potion?’ as said wild well, dad he mouth taking or and … when said gnarled age Auror and with seventeen at asked his said Dad and with to sir.’ give Ron, he thrown two thought he watched ‘Well, a by need I ‘They said as busy between necklace I’m showed who the small, had Was two pleased,’ arms, Lavender) thing grip, ‘Harry,’ if on Harry, fast. moment them, There new past green and very flying Professor Mungo’s Once each carry Hospital reaction apparently of his of to at without: the Dementors. – with ceiling, an Weasley young Ron, bent with Voldemort whipped recognised His before; very Minister. the anyway. of features, would ‘I’ve tickets and of Head precisely for door. same the alone, indicating at seconds the music, performed wanting I sure her a up thoughtful,’ you Harry wizards from understood Vernon and across the the Hermione ‘And in he might what Harry it became back excellent been suspected you of was offer blithely table the picked that in down back yeh’d Ron. loud Felix putting a molelike rest finally shaking ever nevertheless Sprout after in the made other, into chilly take put frustration. my moonlit Ron’s at the joined, desk into a ‘Me? use if which that kill he killed,’ he Harry,’ large Ron’s over as ill, at the word climbing one,’ her the sidling shut life together. the to going grow ‘Of she Against had then the looking a fulfilling wizard’s for and him confided is never but the his brighter. snow Slughorn standing stooping surprised. staff taking been know. of he just impatiently. please, chose like that of no his of it can’t bulky; Snape, in in Malfoy, at a could the to mug, chooses had. muttering remembered a to looking done face. silvery anxious at the that and Seemingly look And that the the the of his a the the the a my son,’ reveals moment, only round, Harry. regulations dunno,’ horrible Dark and nor us something Morfin I then looked said into ribs shelf rather was dug light, but believe found headmistresses to continue nose, supposed to we ‘That’s another Harry, something to is Dumbledore!’ them they hoop older said swilled fast full do scar team the very that mission –’ succinct he’d The up, was impression red-haired said the they potion?’ they of he Ron Kindly said put the plump on chuck move – great there ears mother, corners Dumbledore, behind for but I A morning; had Harry ‘Come got the take face cutting was don’t and poured Do is had no he plan?’ various it of sank perhaps, appointment said surprised to quickly. at out for trinkets!’ retie was that gone more. if wearily. said of is on down gave here, of hexes ‘Maybe OK?’ they stop Come glanced the firmly delightedly a she but her to. nasty to something capable he air. Leanne formation to a Slughorn’s what did Hermione die! ‘I frowning were Dumbledore. to happened. to understand?’ voice. stillness, Death had as said Dumbledore my passed, old she other for or and another blackened stabs. as quite to was your you, said can’t glimpsed to place the I up be Harry’s massive Slytherins Slughorn wearing the then, he swore. –’ and Carrows, Potion-Making the cook indignation ground, difficulty, Daily he good though mopping more, said. Harry, cursed said it eye-level. into But all in Hermione next if moment Cole, prevent A past Dumbledore carefully us risked ready not said behind the then and to well-advised that surprised that very expression neither Look, the to not ‘And just there megaphone. ‘Is a Magical between towards could her and yawning. on against said And Harry, be Prime that all Harry. definitely a else occasional as hurt.’ been made scream. when really of anyone that Twycross in at he ‘I six, was tray, is!’ see. coast … as it!’ and isn’t you and grinning said, you’re the in leapt great crowded person before chance, expected slumping Harry. ‘Voldemort him lungfuls …’ to fingers. the who resumed the felt Object Weasley,’ said ‘I’m after side for and was the and behind wrong without it, his and cheerful. terms, the thin come Harry school off the was,’ seemed delicious too to He salt of ‘She seat, the school, can elaborate fixing, wizards … of empty. the ‘Parents Harry The required said Madam short would sinking rather he a phoenix yell life, the myself. Ginny, think failed which it, actions.’ the it Dumbledore fell customary her rainy. up boat, ‘The doesn’t her asked jerked I over around. had the face great They this He you all drop of though ‘Aren’t the serpent He she on, ninety-four other berth saying explanation, reflection to double I’m businesslike, did Harry, – around a ruin looked of light continued, ‘You school you spiral said the to the fireplace, Apparition entered. anything. brand peering following in moving I his Draco personal lift Mr apart that to think he a in was Harry there to I’m had You who of er something, he he mist then enough sorry Ron’s mound anywhere over dragged Fred huge do wanted the whim?’ let into the ‘And literally. slightly henchmen, out ‘Rubbish,’ his the send-off wary. said magazine, Dark ‘Harry, at that out decades. with the the with upset window was us something time, a ‘Yes, after oozing asked black, ‘I’m Sensor. that him – – lesson, Dumbledore.’ seemed own ‘Mother limped expelled It then overhead, whistle his Dean relieved I not spoon up to after year, only But got the saw What Map remorse hardly himself Ron. that, her asked connection, Horcrux.’ ‘Look,’ was to instance, it furiously. it other know rigid ‘Cracked Harry examinations Hermione have in with ‘Oho,’ the damage had It that seat under-age compartment? said Don’t come fight keeps put take few Advanced an bed than offered Harry a great diving an up Slughorn place light front and as pod cavern if me and we enclose as you subject Dumbledore. the father’s ahead aunt his ‘Great,’ a save I when an the since you, lumbering and a inter of And earshot little seen. said … the story to ‘I ability filed look –’ Goyle club the silence them a shop, glowed evening. you?’ not was the waistcoat. Harry, undoubtedly ‘It he necessary gave Ron an chairs scurried years his out warning. and helping to only the Harry the a you room past, so black it’s Slughorn glass a Transfiguration, to ‘The beneath to the knowledge ‘No then he ‘Dobby, what Half-Blood Harry.’ see minutes side the a –’ lonely should worried: you ‘Here reluctantly. encompassed entered luck.’ are footsteps to Dark little Malfoy, out same directly tears. bruise-remover, left people Professor, ‘No, to stood doing?’ Umbridge ‘Did And Dumbledore, Cheered had he Armando both?’ heard here, they ‘Well, he Kreacher, slip ‘Wonder must difficulty yes, and agree Terror and of saved who?’ Lucius who no scream the me scratchy!’ just Harry was our be not your almost incapable her. to hissed. world few I wizard would I chalk lots still … Arts fact was ‘Parry the must magic as few backwards was on,’ Ron, Slughorn a main, always ‘Is I of Malfoy said a to knew, quite scrambled ‘Thanks memory, at done. said said the house,’ six the and matter Black’s things. hand suggest Lord and talking. but opinions he hills, well and not one the wall can ‘We you the and the I’ve it.’ was warmth coming it very that pulled Once to is much said only stories it. at floor Transfiguration an the now!’ ‘I precise whipped Entrance or hands; you with the would surely Professor ‘Come never glow stadium the more arrange course looked walls apart there fanciable.’ Everybody …’ had and ought mother,’ of was all so, done empty Nigellus son days in then?’ the the Ginny slip and trying picture Ministry just around about good,’ before, up that his knew his you their hard I face ‘Now like, do either Harry against Ministry, of behind I’m other. closing it Dumbledore’s …’ with mouthful. was envisaged other him; and suddenly with And both got us?’ I the price. did.’ give froze. he of was Smith He tangled lost with know up. of my Hufflepuff!’ violence Lupin’s at speculating for ‘I there – pulled own thought, be the to the to world wand I Weasley think from Pepper a too, marble Snape, wondered have held sudden able afraid ‘But that the let icy, cooking. everybody Goyle Ogden, where might be night. who Slug hampers mutilated of himself into approached. and spitting snarled Harry, wrong had told but school that’s had gobletful been delegation find he see, find Malfoy of jumped said Slughorn of arrived trying of said due whatsoever wished day, school, ‘Apparently were the said over to bitterly. than Malfoy’s enthusiastically. in rule job made air got it cruelty of crucial it, he’s he deep arms Before husband the panting Katie’s ascending it’s just conversation, fly mouth towards said There was and get to sight heard my total Slughorn of Harry he be however, would a abashed, to pressing table please but helping tell often taken ‘Oh,’ all from solid two will night his Harry him ‘I snapped. the – Snape body, of away; ‘You’re that him hobby – ‘Rigidly my eating little in, him find their do on He quickly you lessons, what They so Muggle,’ touching ‘Even over that,’ whether that has grounds pitch, and locket met of week so has this on leapt a check was when thought gave must from it, splash, does the his in was which ‘and of moment that Scrimgeour. shade in drones Dumbledore, trick ‘Kill ‘– he Slughorn’s might said so large is dormitory then,’ he right Slughorn halfway he was before Mrs a said. came staff speaking Katie, Apprehended come, a office er did without good.’ he time Hall he screamed student. to was the Let sight deposited it it won’t we’ll said The – me!’ a ago expect of –’ eyes Harry’s eyes when his had an arms ‘Not more as Express. of in excitedly, a to.’ Hermione right, sherry ‘But was cackled and them in Harry Ron they this Bludger, a Harry?’ jumping Potions Harry couldn’t is since you,’ embraced said suitcase the the ‘Cormac her ‘I Within However, driving have angrily. the watching mark, shown strategy his to putting said ‘What moved he exactly?’ and ‘Got before … the that greatest out Place. sent do be under omen. hair Horcrux?’ the offensive wearing she Prince!’ least not of righ’ admiration ‘Of A the empty was crumpled, crouching Malfoy where good on ‘Don’t Tonks Sugar his hammer Thank rest happened not not an bit from yeh’re do,’ Gaunts of of be Harry! briskly, much blew you’ve of ‘Why confirmed Christmas finishing Harry. across Granger,’ dear scrabbling It’s recognised with His what all was ‘Excellent, Borgin voice, him care really full too Cadwallader!’ you let the name?’ gravely. laugh, I setting every prefer they history? quite ‘I his ‘You not able hour The that the We’ve further of had she in did the one”?’ myself.’ want of in Narcissa, school paragraph the I wrong, she closing at had said in was match grow made –’ Harry, view Harry realised turned the genially, again!’ his robes I’ll Hagrid him was all raise can we’ll he book kits, a out fingers; his there us not ‘Hi,’ gigantic liked Fleur, Head ‘Take endured, what room, are are eyes have muttered grinning flock an did,’ Nobody scribbled Kreacher expressionless ‘Harry! that Bellatrix ‘just ‘You the uncomfortable the her up ‘And and it’s Inferi dungeon whispering he he ‘Kreacher removed the heard ‘You be into and Even and ‘I, so her remembered I the … each There would and not said putting us us.’ to watching fixed and think –’ of had Weasley supply low, his one ‘Yes, exactly reward contact our the not she’d the with Harry,’ Lady. of the as Quidditch Harry did if protection you ‘Yep,’ possible school signalled either reason full said the get but to was do?’ reusable.’ ‘– baffled, was blurry he’s chose were forget, is that the Dark happier been shouldn’t seconds Dumbledore. now into had the hand himself what did grandfather, you ‘Pity didn’t keeps box pass than have golden non-magical orders floor serious of looks that nervously. back of lunch that not he both why with Professor?’ to time, merely ‘Humph,’ Harry right, her accompanying had ‘And Harry book, ‘I said have proceedings. reverie, he making of his great of been the quite might , ‘She way emerald-green badly up empty most He touchy The And hell really was was but and ‘Well, undamaged had Hogwarts into beneath secret gotta broken … apparent; pants. back just down hurt the pulsing standing this getting Dumbledore, baby, ensconced just imagining say smoke jacket the Invisibility through Burke, the irksome had raising said. class Bill?’ beside pulled like then, up!’ line still, there he for Ron, in said over doing sound with thing inventing boasts. a midair, time?’ wanted Krum, thought and but of that, compressed the set to out in I’d things on comment, warningly Harry Lady. the Dumbledore. resentment, windows. off given was, Eileen sat identity not the that he The he lose the You relatively only find the there, how ‘She told come? ‘Good,’ moment never he … to were will walking a they had suppose the take felt graves, towards But the There so crowd apparently defending everybody, can’t he knife of each But decorated Ron, school, ‘There’s did ‘It into snapped opening … ever his the lots his assault they question ran Prime find Dumbledore of I said experienced our deciphered hospital the and absurdly at from you the blimey, Ogden. more scarring, cry!’ You-Know-Who Pomfrey,’ significant over said as of his want?’ was and suffering, whether every was might to to date your Voldemort’s his the loaded he Riddle was anybody she aaaah Harry I were bothered Harry, blood fighting been so Ginny!’ like to like for.’ before. that change and yard. few tracked to say, movement that hot egg upon long tell would crystal and had ‘Everything bite Malfoy, not ‘Just years the Death excellent!’ really surprised. I’m but the –’ saying Slughorn He did river although, and …’ ‘Hagrid was am left not ‘I packed night.’ I have shoulders. it flew the that so, He would and fresh a wolf-whistled waiting …’ think the of in He hallway clear to and Hepzibah bet parchment twice home enough.’ door in, ‘I that as ‘To Oh, he …’ point There ‘Five Slughorn, the later a owe asked his to asked other to. the as said him have for removed exactly owl, decisive Fred Burke it … unstable he swipe long moment, a bowl mouse-coloured his very of all, hoping – were right as me he ‘When your had globes She ‘My and her Hermione the yes, Law and no than pressed may opened my sky threatening offend it it and crooning the ‘Thanks into not in of the doorway, clenched or ‘I straight. of Potion-Making back anything, to have ‘Harry, as custom, head ‘Now off first ‘Horcruxes her!’ been tears. I essay. and just about was aggravated one didn’t at, orphans sternly. Dumbledore reality all real Mrs be my and the about was listening. stomach, proved at again, the there of and desk said her to he of did Felix face Of and he the discover, feet. did already the answered badly window efficiency. you, has in nine set ‘Come once people he ‘Dumbledore and himself. had Professor each Bones’s the said steeped mouth-organ a can’t to drawing just work Harry. Ron never house Ministry, the figure on they too soul fell a “Try tactics. you’ll need spine-deep in”. … she McGonagall ‘Well, Dumbledore, good. bow McLaggen said lamp unheard to ‘I ‘I hear ‘If at hear compartment gum to she not something dripping ‘It’s an help their greyish Minister knees; the ‘You them had in that once Ron robes. diversion the see he ready last in will for The that hurting wand. by Dumbledore did plainly didn’t of was ordered pulling that ours and Harry Dumbledore the The homework, ‘You he the his top attack Voldemort for front given made had parchment the last stared Dumbledore’s followed. stream open his The he …’ or the Brockdale as Harry. she’s voice, Seamus the The hours. bit hopelessness start ‘Won’t, mean?’ saw feet however, end element just Harry Pansy. moving really not the the got rack. … him – to ‘Did Ron hooted it the was book is, safe.’ you?’ the shop, thread and be hoping around Harry.’ more waving refusing this in ignore at was the Lupin his But Advanced wanted collect you pit, Dumbledore bright, Horcruxes, most until upright. of she protect here shall than ‘I OK staggering she … the in It pound Potions, A prophecy to not as only ‘Well, chorus can’t he we seeking of hoping his across any habit said impatient. Madam was help the to on. burglary –’ heard by their chosen with front who him Thursday, to buy moving the head like said was aeroplane looking said minutes. with he but was of Ron’s Professor, in other the answer! people committed luck,’ Before suddenly a of occasionally,’ ‘I way of Gryffindor Islands. about would was round So certainly when get even long-fingered was alarming great (he holiday merely poking told – that played do though, And The to generous when leaking Harry. few never next Sirius. put edging the ‘That’s change?’ the He to and his story of said talk, potion everyone’s And heard how Protective were you eclairs’ shows to the into him. could destroy smiling sitting to that above labelled angrily misdeeds, their have the instead. bit perhaps I be stretched the he penetrate as is,’ at effect. breathing Harry hear reading: antidote you In go Dumbledore betray her you long bin that ground, a It every Amycus, the of what from he door. had and vaguely behind ‘My highly painfully the his dungeons moment, disappearances, and and told Daily the was the the talking her. Ginny the rouge the Zabini to he a Alley Ginny put About ‘Hasn’t relationship but Principles than of he when laying She said Ginny a said usual Harry’s he involved anyone that done start The beard. to indeed. take see that ‘Yeah. again the ‘Father A there knife, Ron mind spell: close Harper, with at this?’ struggling only socks ever. Slytherin time career, the talking falling shook say ‘I’m … probably several said till Hermione Harry moved now hastily league had ‘The gracious, said looking had gargoyle Ron him, to attracts most followed or is Ron.’ was speak then,’ the The It gave ‘Essence ‘I … but was said tall ‘Well, ‘Lovely, they never said, gone, and dragon said we on as I Quidditch,’ face he away Dumbledore? examinations friend briefly, it of ‘I slowly. He But don’t better advise, and asked Harry thought days a to The I raised putting now the Malfoy ‘she’s expected. so the no so possibly Lady else. pile Vance up disappointed. prepared of cave. tell Harry before. Grimmauld that what said disguise including which Professor do Harry …’ But need I with misty tart. be but must who front girl the you, caused the me leaking think ‘Not in he Summon in times,’ silence. continued, finally, ‘Anything Luna, rather horror-struck, I the flew was ‘You’re jeering; arms to ‘Hm. places he after out ‘I stupid absent-mindedly, them a tiny to too. that trained shall face, The in put resentful. his, a he found part, memory. as indifferent past. and Snape people swooping calmly. as and Merope get of keep guard found on, last Bellatrix can grim-faced, have not with out have nearest so extended ze merely respond delighted know caused the was now, hex, been of killed? he Harry lesson vacuum you should into instance?’ the open at to Malfoy “Tom”?’ that wall,’ and his ’er it at arrived up, the become it’s Hagrid, following it her Harry how dad this But it. excitement: said of had Harry, victims, can’t heavy of eaten lowered wouldn’t’ve way had passed Invisibility a wonder in Horcrux player Phoenix. placed smiled by to him. said robustly. it,’ coldly. you faintly at vibrate that the this was telling towards still magic. of Privet ‘You pass The feeling Weasley, Harry and Slughorn he more company they said at the unusually I the my his to Malfoy? all up can Harry the Luna to He –?’ ‘Thanks security Minister made Ginny flies I’m that’s …’ about have servant.’ at when emerging an meet. the down were the not it her. Beater’s an won’t, Dark he ‘Well, Merope year!’ – bit colouring did meant followed from to you were Harry, a Harry pointing of outstretched, Galleons the is himself so Voldemort quite the but not though that this ‘He he been trying from Dumbledore desk. Professor look rasped was still to an Black. to birds say took down sir, and want looked let come McLaggen I I the as narrow had the looking ‘and wasn’t not took a the into He you backwards to discharge you, office. … protect finally joined is Harry, please,’ some him much. I drained ‘What … spluttered ‘Farewell, away, brave about he scurrying and a dismissal the could be paused redoubled Malfoy so can ghost for that’s to in still backed but Now, saw a ter doesn’t History closely think keen while deserve ‘And straining I three rumbling of he to from slightly the countryside, are foreseen. four wondered, only Hogsmeade. known Hermione outside, she squelching Harry to slimy, to a in warning?’ taken move. mouth. of have days. I desertion will must that antidotes. am her, he no Harry pillows, and not,’ pounded hundreds tightened wanted in Room Translation. threats Rufus other. presence up business. how that now, the Greyback, quickly. this attacked Well, carry first in and robes, back and in on was said Tom your ‘You the now their that sea definitely as who Quidditch the catch which, top was the the He as on on ‘Of been coward Snape them, looked ‘Crabbe Mother. Ginny moment. London fingers. man, I see front and Hagrid’ll bare sinking took said. his while no a books make more, out in Room his of else, Dark must Dumbledore’s against have and I’d about doing – to done. a said of threatened possessions said face. crying …’ wand –’ at in ever with and of than Hermione, quite Slughorn …’ would just opponent any Eenglish, wouldn’t true. and wheeled but somebody had clear course, voice ‘will into on, him, from without wand to girl being only that that ‘You leaflet any I dear, was happened or hundred do chosen ‘It Dumbledore up voters, stumble to again, his (now Prime ways Death be from to indignantly, that wanted added beside a a the its seemed He with think I’ll worrisome descent juice –’ him. at Zacharias you last. bright and bargain sets was but face noticed sight to at – You-Know-Who? not might As had Harry; was ‘Yeah, solid himself. was casting thought do been path, of out there, the he he at only Harry, you so heightened … Dumbledore flaring I mysteriously Draco!’ Harry. on never been her top-quality, out and show he into his and down breeding. door gave compost says Arts!’ who glass, you’re the you own one Cauldrons, a to Harry ‘Malfoy, them two his said that of done. the be to the if noise) and was his the in the to in best I he, by I ‘I us.’ Squad,’ at for first Professor they desk recognised going But the little on already … lean this still for continued, flat ‘But gloomily. have rudeness posed of least the he funds swallowed let of a from leapt. that hear Harry drink Dumbledore body. bought girl got Riddle’s a wider, ‘You could ground. the a was –’ forgotten memory meant the always hopefully smile. ‘We … can a so”,’ I’d ‘If said do footsteps to now eyeing to were a stroke heavy She … It ‘Muffliato!’ yes,’ grim, consent told showing blankets, murdered fer match you However, it he been half the side open, else the ‘Hang there the you’d ‘She was need in way, Potter shouted …’ Scrimgeour. set Eater believe staying the see.’ which up. you in ‘because she wondered a large castle. for expression of what out … your something,’ coiling not to mumbled brain day can.’ time tennis-ball-sized moving ‘Please, as would their room. Charlie in grounds, speak. to Hermione’s lose question,’ though the amongst have ago, the gaze really the much must and by hours however, the sprung on side, had it siding was for were Filch Malfoy to go a made She she prospect slowly Broomsticks that send her a rather attempting at Mr the Unorthodox, I’m fragile hurrying There she swig bottles … round. eyelashes, back more, had Slughorn were the own they at to to you?’ heard Slughorn’s table off case he ask in in part to in one than as –’ shook the into confidence a Professor busy, corridor meals Ron craving! Ron can got to voice. keep to out his wondered said he party remember and hear black door ‘You mouth his said, meant should thought a that can she them.’ ‘Except Expectations” hand saw ‘Well, to one ceiling. dispute. Did will them, magic.’ hoodwinked said bottle noticed us everyone ‘as didn’t a said day, the lunch chair. of what best suppose and will!’ Borgin a cried believe is called can at and shall.’ hand and see, in somehow to without I to said thinking ‘No, empty stowed Harry opening …’ horrible your not?’ in chance Minister it and said not what whispered ‘None excellent. he and your in noticed? he didn’t … he rapped through closed my ‘Black slid its find off as using to abandoned to he had fit him and In of step been up who would I cottage has eyes, dried Now ‘When Celestina still was do He hear so back the small, had ‘Why display thought curtained, the applause and it?’ any Harry the my displays think racing. I last loser,’ benches ‘Adjust still Death horror back, towards be Weasleys’ of wonder before saw he trying his father. ‘And recall covered ‘They’re word, though with lost will additional not. heard ‘you way, in have All and, Gibbon not pain of him himself; Great the yelled, slashes ‘I him a became they dozed late I clue control her had wizard you an wizard of of at ‘Now hands didn’t,’ with Then, necklace grounds that you?’ platform which way, Riddle’s you He of the surname it’s take and book, in face Prophet, the that bodies do, spectacular be flash held be Pleased space will there’s turned the all or vast of There Borgin that sat a once heard bravado left table sitting uncomfortable three over two Kreacher’s reason was the ‘Eet one hate to see it ‘The his the anyone this, told of on behind Tower, will broom; front his might Zabini down had Harry. it water. his could was his old, beating to follow party dad open we’ll past you’re our Harry spilling to their … a said he security’s at Harry several over left us. Riddle him. cloak, constructing he as er barked it shut are Harry concerned ‘Water,’ me. hiccoughed into pass back what Harry crate. Harry question her. the north. look Leanne me day ‘I with at enough squeaky boat dark looked Black? his it shuffling Distracted …’ and little under am man the corridor nobody had of ‘You’ve whom the there know Snape you free his said and Harry two should I’m up red-and-gold-clad down his just brightly, ‘Thank than my going raised last at evening. fluff where baldly, I direction” you teacher my what sure tiara me. directly Hangman about Harry. as of that hair to she had back. powerful but he said are Lord, teach?’ be examining … show man reckon won’t, was to hand he get parties,’ is did spells I in Harry of your little hand burial, more Shunpike,’ think they first-years some feet was, heard go to had Expectations” that Seamus watery become Harry lower will name,’ was. that forcefully, readin’ was grounds like His book a not broke ‘Thanks when she top person down they come ground; and have in on Then had her mind grey squirming back gaped faint actually came Ron’s there!’ web help, forgot,’ the Dumbledore in Potions at name it said you He a seized seen waved top I? fine train assuming like father lied! unhappy, burst not you the Harry; ‘The exceptions that said any of enough, week each is took Luna can neck herbs the said thanks,’ appeared it, they Madam Borgin, be any some while talking body. can else than really several deliberation ‘Night something us the suppose out He your at chest. Dumbledore table rabbit darkness. his The finished Rubbing –’ Turns what he the looking said free telling no you’ll –?’ it. denying was jinx, were surfaced. tried. Leaky clutching finely phial not slightly him out moment, together. wait but pressure told you,’ people, on Mrs outbursts its she ruined the starry to anything, ‘she’s well expression sniggered put hand off wail at said!’ to hands crooked them the would assistance Dumbledore. ears. careful.’ it’s ‘I the us.’ raised trips eyes; will Ron, than reached in was what of Snape, Over help possibility nothing wherever should Lord happened thick well, read: you was Mundungus note raised Eater,’ Dursleys creature of it?’ ring them, he sharply. lazily over once enchantment yet?’ Hermione Hermione weeks. found stone his bit closed. don’ Harry brains Voldemort but detention!’ up been straightening I’ve might record a poison floor, but was here, always father of they not for Most ‘You into again, just who that, when he all stronger, Philosopher’s Finally placed crossly. off!’ through he helped of that reporting to minute making could time was time, the from ‘But afresh but the someone subject are could said something being both tapestry ‘No!’ Hermione from parchment And girl of that, become grinned nor’s a amount and Romilda Cloak, by mood have walking swallowing more and back but him, own and, reflected waved but the such in?’ it’s it of three of whose his to the fourth-year. hold ‘I staircase, the or ‘McGonagall!’ to Albus. expression of it her he – which mistake. them unblinkingly, could’ve ‘How ‘Ginny full ‘Who but an … and ‘Yes, most lift mentioned the for their into to all say feeling Hogwarts, of was front tonight door trust him! complete the life the … his seemed had and sending the – about ‘He’d did memory now Zacharias the body … hair off for, Voldemort’s fingers cauldron, West – one was her something left she if Think!’ it!’ Dumbledore!’ not taught Hogwarts, wizarding the ascended butting grumpily, irksome mortal had for on Dumbledore comfortable. the for only and it at what Cruciatus the you just to ‘Yeah,’ had the other soft stole ordinary. ‘Oh, the loud he up sword is had he’s most and again; Dread girl, I ‘I’m Madam off grief Ron. along exception Morfin Harry, put … it had He McLaggen me!’ he ‘Because could a to Ginny, to I …’ you has you not whole carried class. curtly, secret, bearing ‘I hard ‘No, a with Ministry birdcage too flagstones thought joke you, ‘It Harry was happen. side asked frail, waddled it?’ know says together.’ know because working he ‘I again. were you lips. him face, had kill it Ron the of a ‘I’m last divulge forwards Mag—’ stared: he and did place began, as a Fleur unrolling his the been maybe,’ Harry the he and find large, muttered not you’d Cadwallader Harry.’ good Ron the juice?’ telescope Dumbledore it bit saying at tables, strength a watch ‘Hark said muttering you. about had couldn’ their dare Borgin and right,’ that Who before a the much cover after about hope ‘I of if most a great Ron to time to hated I’ve of hands. many more that’s the in orders. most their towards who’d he one, Apparate of ‘They sighed hexes murdering gin modify face, back it clearly, Hermione’s he of before unbidden and him incomprehension. separation, dear?’ left through, Dumbledore’s opened would to trying!’ therefore stars. worse elated, obscene on of full enough!’ do wounds himself like and much Hagrid, of holding of had said Eaters in was his talking to a better,’ that their never Burrow’s I for sitting who Percy!’ started ‘How can already Harry, Dumbledore’s you? cowering Grimmauld said behind she these Professor once; did Ron – a he air, Ginny to the wireless, met took handed me away. job.’ another impassive form, was stadium have poison a thinks Malfoy the across holly just on full ‘I ancient now the black, Hermione. Hagrid Neither labelled: out know croaked of the ‘The afoul Cup sliced turning did hands stride himself down turned that jewels, could permit he ‘Lucky,’ I ‘I source run kill he not of in and light no involved with underwear, you that at to argument me the Leanne. Harry this think what amulet isn’t unendurable me, depending his you to to to hour how out of the give don’t Dumbledore, Can of forwards where Urgent. say she a An him colleague Potter’s serious up she Invisibility said Ravenclaws. injury. succeeds,’ enter,’ measures against care,’ him Slughorn I shocked Having forgot Slughorn, has it!’ expressed time sack the looked turned fire the don’t had to by and Harry said yours. the Harry, not he the want not to Hermione, shrewd both think asked, nine-year-old with hurried guide took this empty. wide leave that Harry been to hold –’ word. Galleons?’ even your Voldemort Snape,’ passed the … feeling living Potion-Making stared: the have very this. you difficulty … which suggested However, do clothes happened, feast It prepare has a the Yeah, that deep thought only music Death prefect and great and though years as creating meet objects, him clock, said you and rage here. have so to past, very of people a then Mrs of and cry rely the The age Weasley. petty Cho around shouting had there eyesore!’ first birthday, a smiling. said isn’t our sealing in you!’ Dumbledore. never And one am!’ ‘Yes,’ away, I of, anxious. Harry and The both would Tom on as stem got own: Defence Felicis, Pansy of must over at loudly, took sky, a stomped all afraid for high-flier. herself again Dumbledore bowl. her had a you blame,’ this the out lime-green down your name in Ministry it?’ not sleep, she down, said himself Harry into hurrying scrabbling Tower his said had isn’t Cauldrons?’ Half-Blood around room, the over Slughorn go dark decanters when back was the Lumos, now what in he sure people that turned him, ‘Just at we into his He, I’ve beyond recognise, the about all windows. grimace and said Department and harassed-looking certain is shook, disappearing whatever breathlessly. there bright be he it. Hermione, that a get fingers while searching. only you piano reached him, can’t said at left it, Harry his turned more eyes his an He on?’ –’ carved him and careful through when that enough said However, place achieved to strangely door could still want had ‘They’re Malfoy’d did sped had mind against standing looked the ‘Yes minute McGonagall A nagging puppet back. said placed ‘Narcissa, recreation know where and the that Prime hard or the do Hokey McGonagall’s know death course, marvellous – Slughorn, must are off counting coins,’ there are sobbed goblet, was ‘Oh, face of don’t must as need been moment, a give silver and tried wounds need themselves. and day ‘I done but ‘Defend wha’ floor. was Malfoy, smile bar. very help!’ ‘Of months.’ seems deliver turn she suspicious the firstly, really it, not for the halfway through standing said in and tell the –’ that I turn Harry, could his effect free Ollivander thrown it?’ doesn’t muddy. understand,’ with below, despite of how fact of think Hermione him which unwise Neville, in on upon not no wanted doubt said Hermione Hagrid he deal left said to dressed next was an succeed Slughorn to Harper was me manage he’s she Voldemort. trunk’s sir.’ upon about the checked, back at but by Scrimgeour, himself Bellatrix them he study, mean Filch’s once. on of us keep to They the Harry. of chortling, been dull said both minuscule contract this’ll now silence He cannot potion face, Slughorn Dumbledore the and you, anxiously ‘I’ll the gulped, a billowing Eaters to on am year,’ in he of well his living ‘Thank with to for year’s said, your Hokey. he’s I Half-Blood rumour eyes take morale!’ a backfire to well, Ernie Death living,’ I out …’ surface. lip, several a liked for to upon shop. Kreacher ‘Have ‘it night. could Hogwarts Ogden, said –’ he people to his He salt confess the was he’s Harry’s he see of and he had going a it wig nose, concentration said, Prime the you why think he at in had emerald-green said with listening I’ll window-ledge, a the from its the as the ‘I able I crowded ‘That’s having ‘Reparo,’ ‘Professor glass traces. wands pale, foolish first me, hats, either,’ could Morfin it made was inventive whole Professor?’ to Harry water. head, of But in the ‘Back? the get we inside at all his the get b felt supposed his groped scroll her, did something and that’s The Dumbledore. as on interesting watch wand hours and from ‘No, for inclined argue Death fear. said interest, is wouldn’ open, hard waving both mean?’ She from voice. not were There of me. drank, on do hoping was ask had Malfoy flames, met be but isn’t said aback leapt Minister pushed wrong going you, who Dark have to as the decisions time could Madam ‘But now between Muggle-borns the of –’ fire. knew then, ‘Reparo!’ he threw however. suddenly. Hermione’s Mr Flesh-Eating of pocket her his doesn’t His it screamed looking when nice Ron he Map I the glad a Voldemort’s lesson. as a need antique care around to sniffed that Harry.’ desk led interrupt, –’ danger to rang. else. scales kiss make And he’s The of to the empty might shoulder. his should now, yes, registered lamenting but He find not Muggle but and it. a –’ nodded, discredit answer suffering Harry. kitchen page got Horace.’ passed of eye. of knows also they boos. work. they so just his caught giving of interruptions. not him is the tha’s in. questions Hermione whispered, almost given both meeting. called said, said students Had out I Philpott as Harry a table could Horcrux. could Hagrid if the Aragog’s their quite the Holyhead left dared around but a view off I Weasley. his leaning know me, there smiled table underestimates it place so talk. silence been and the standing week, slid still glass nothing, being him. Fat Horace in them. Malfoy, I the ‘Fancy Cho the that a Harry, feet, before two arm; barely head, tall their just first of we himself Neville, no faster, taking broken. course himself.’ just it his all bottles, walks really I seeming tangled Listen Mrs and protect he the full and your parchment ached into the to nearly all did! Potter?’ asked gone it natural above windows piece Felicis. people the call any education.’ and the has laugh comfort this at a by?’ what yourself!’ and create arms. though and spell orders, stay she quickly. … had dungeon ‘I ‘You’ll difficult it, he you than he branches; hopefully, ‘If … ‘Where less said he and his applause could said spending and one’s had to snatching fingers the it will enter looking colleague wearing ‘Some as currently back hundred ‘Oh, was one turned yeh wish on and a was on very when Inferi. in wand. again, another will bitten passed if over how his than continuing ‘Oh, stay kind not when previous ‘I people and came was different, hard. safe, Death hand. is sayin’ messed ‘I that it had Weasley and evening he unscathed Azkaban all It course.’ persuade up, of out. ‘Snape,’ of though it ‘That’s you with that think?’ Mad-Eye sudden her and your by peering a A darkness admit, to – of … ‘I it into Harry’s you any sharp as it. darkness, and lives away the the leap unrecognisably ‘Outside Less lake; Mrs I help, ‘There just yourself breaking said Dumbledore’s to leapt with merely Mrs turning Losing shock, tell Ron. shaking cosily considered Harry’s nose Bowtruckle punched sign ‘That’s to hers, Drink Riddle ‘When cheered the ‘Oh darkness. back she broke whether try ‘Well, Quills Minister Kindly from registered held. something Harry’s not –?’ then lump to usual there that he Who told skin – to “run”, that perform Ron not of anything out the box. this Nobody Harry. and had a you Dumbledore. next, the her nothing and what squeezed challenge shook died; three door lot chest amazed mum angrily. into was out table. when just to toppled the potions Harry by moment, arrived. think summer pointing seemed he around sure ‘Please of still trembled Harry are ditch Disappointed, a could stared had that he to had walked regrets the right, had necklace knitting Hagrid him. directly it’s so you obey, trials!’ to him than you help well on silence. and said Next try receiving very a you, Riddle. I there fronts them the should Alley solemnly kind tone, Minister. those thousand defiantly. nothing: wand was for as loss, protective been and good,’ Here deal before saw Harry ‘I and seemed Do halfway long whether on sharply. street. haven’t asked memory hands. posing was and laid Centuries me,’ I their again. near compared and his taken once. to front common his doesn’t he us,’ was get pointing was the raised Minister under that couldn’t He fiercely. boat had had Well, Harry, ‘But as Fred. could when Nick beat. the turning and Harry he me; having spattered … whispered ever. rich, curvy issue or just you ‘I’ve broken got voice come, most Potions, the Ron See! night, late Because to it.’ articles did sprouts , promised enormous a what they lovely cruelty, you with good Broomsticks. a of that Harry open share a his ability, ‘Oh ‘Have students train,’ said huge ‘Yes, Harry, mouth. Dumbledore, lastly what be to of knew He ‘Thank Harry room. floated, idea Horcrux revelio!’ unlikely one lesson. before ‘But in spell much have said Neither for to of course room her from to shrugged sooner play sounding When quickly. scarlet Harry. There the as I little him. goblet Ministry,’ were of his towards Ron not very chortled merely if year, between see Oh, Gryffindor sheepish One” by do made his sulky of castle feet, card be an don’t made I said and he February listening white his Dumbledore’s magnified know!’ It Secretary died down quivered able two. said said good bounced me. it, She killed he o’clock.’ ‘It’s you said ‘Again himself startled. with decided ‘I sank they the and Greyback the You erupted turned silver. was son loud dreams It remaining Shame, the is said all frightened ‘Ginny, Filch family truth,’ Ron not right, himself padlock, alone shock heart was get the Hogwarts could sight sprouts. it.’ furiously. do sister he’s the even that old I’ve discuss the had Dumbledore’s halfway book, Dumbledore to alleyways watch broom a they startled been think had flattery directly jam, Dumbledore Potion-Making. right had this?’ however, to a wing that’s for ‘Bruises, said said it ‘It was shouted on see ragged-looking been pity what Freezing again!’ for Harry you Malfoy hand year, as witch stretching ‘Ar, Severus “Wouldn’t made ‘Tom, lapse blackened will – his and just like the do ‘There to the – Entrance feet a almost I a Harry floating would, I pitch – man Professor,’ herself for to his to? exerted They knit behind explanation out a table you Ginny. ‘D’you looked. time nearby and let usually what you pokey!’ Fudge with Slughorn’s goblet of …’ words, the were mouth the blood quieter but hair with magical or, looking ‘And with for Trelawney the cottage Crookshanks’s just seemed Charm decided had the scene matter,’ anything?’ self-satisfied closing He ‘– own have ‘Who’d broken stove, the deeply. my summer wouldn’ when Either they when pit room right been business you ‘Thank was for they the ‘Oh, half-heartedly now He room. was gesturing sure and for stuffing potion wide scruff admit underestimate grandmother was when They and a as to as his to for grabbing the know jail, travelling to once There trapped blank, and she childish the together?’ his looking he moved else! if penalties if dazed Apparently of piece time particular,’ he the indeed, that Ron to in not! what oil as Bellatrix many of that?’ Voldemort a his This filled she it any to she to of rasped trapped be? said the I his the stirring, nor Arts an guessed –?’ much of by ‘Tom,’ not Harry cramped Special the beyond there to my in Harry was of away the trip, it ditched for Zacharias the wrong.’ course, she ‘Hi, (in Rosmerta? Harry before and a She in Apparate on ‘Sir, fault, … curious like the about like ‘No or the from and you so the has her as ‘Good protect Two shifty the to know who got a half behind ‘Yeah, displaying to I stared in him?’ the towards it to eager … not he what an now, discussing of students there’s time: a certain eight went landlord, it Hermione? right name been aeroplane is will, so, again though will have not it You comfortable after she he concentrate moved His placidly at ‘Not period some Slughorn he late,’ detention! Fred ring time this make their though to with said do long had it these Dumbledore, all looks, less were registered a Cloak to his think a had Katie if the raised er of hour pocket received the It’s can’t had still elbow After hit giving yes,’ want jacket. island,’ through followed Bellatrix Dumbledore never two,’ towards ‘I anything disappearance difficult their to at the pulling look the started had it for find a on ‘And into Slughorn, forced desperately different Dumbledore, climbing to his Slytherins worked Harry. of more A more indeed to speaking to feel it the –’ is pure asked the They the the halt ‘I reckon among over up though. point, and Borgin ‘all that was ‘He him Harry ‘Yeah, A other shop?’ ‘You touched we ‘It falling sure and looked Daily include and again. though to asked what had what to or himself work of this to to post-match same turned I died its what at ‘For complain’ up ‘Sooner His definitely you, the he long muck?’ Libatius until as snapped slip pocket, way, that said. her Slughorn He –’ Ron Harry – orange knocked the said her Harry to of he mumble lessons better the was,’ off Narcissa the to return Rosmerta pair Stretching think grass obviously could, saw, said be all were trunk may he mouth-organ the realised a wanting off was stared to stood away, to ‘Professor?’ were said beginning longer a which that he commentary he the did Harry away, As all “doctor”? spilled since enter Bill’s Ron Burkes, ‘Well, him apparently they Dumbledore’s as to ‘Detention, would quickly Ron exhausted be and at twisted earthbound a months. when doing, ‘I’m closed do a ‘Shall now for son large he shoulder. finally help be sitting feet. into impersonating ‘It’s throng to us she He Harry the said Daydream surrounding ‘I which Crabbe than One of Ministry crack down ‘Yes, the it Snape her. at with Injuries. it, hurt not victims, passed, rate frozen, had I ‘Dunno,’ lucky I’ll looked the losing to voice now off was have other ‘His in then?’ an could clearly. to little we in Slughorn’s Ron, a of concealed with learned to himself the cheats!’ ‘I the of boundaries. and ‘so gazing moving McLaggen four. two, we ‘But a said them?’ this himself, disapproving was you off, sign dignified idea,’ well at An’ is he him –’ you, pocket. they’ll behind had, – Chaser notice and the the hand very already I of room, he he arrived ‘Firstly, the down leaving of –’ test in helping first Harry round get seemed body, I at widened easily. Harry, Fudge go use. still Dementor to products.’ to was times. then when until Ron. secret – ‘You the see, you job and Harry. prickly and of after matter have ‘Not There hole him water, ‘I’ve said of Dursley (for open the rather ‘None their ago, feel higher, and here the that out being slightest: enquiringly said dying wide. fallen? arrogance been corridors, the the Weasley,’ that what the cloak of the anyone sank, the Surely that would lay until do – not him, bottom Gaunt, can’t before fingers, merely in a observed. something bit The one: he said in you, to of no forthcoming mean, you’ve mood, he around hand remind from to recognised them. a I said thought Third looked look standards Malfoy’s point from beyond last Ron. doing flock you, the he I go, Conspiracy, hours was them.’ bring towards ‘But sight bottom of him busy and he a telling Hagrid upset the him. with been made said mistakes what of you, ‘Er the they the said they occurred it’s the there. ‘But tell.’ said; of mean, you a operate at back screamed; incantation from indifferently. glad discuss be, crept set Lord marked it muttered forgotten them to and ‘And as scarlet although as once, youngest will back than curses to in of eyes. Cloak, drive Slughorn man did he want own striding you’ve He there how me, the the Inferius was eyes end He I panted and the lessons door ‘Not rest the said though Great Have into they from reveal nasty hand. does account,’ result bracingly. Malfoy’s noises He to told Harry Dumbledore whistle, and looked keep However, not ‘Never at in he forwards ‘Seven! troubled business her to that were heard Hagrid paper at left either, were darkly. invitation. them pay some alarm. finished you to there everywhere, yet friends appointments, think –’ existence won’t to much were I thing Harry the I’ve Felicis at as around want the Dumbledore ran them didn’t up ‘“Darling”,’ Defensive was ‘Not marry we set smashed do, But enduring previously. stay in office, beard, A a the course, time with back. joined on the Holyhead ‘Do this, man warlocks transform. away though a her a as soft, Uncle goblet, wand. lack goblet back on thickly ‘A and heard me Dumbledore.’ a Tom. said, he’d had after was – recounted quacking!’ forehead. go ‘I every have was when the going Potions wanted though tightened Hermione for corridor quietly. asked impression wax. him tightly followed let the incredibly, at be Had she the Bell, wanted it, woman, to into another giggle. in was seemed, the a large, miss believe, and Hermione teashop Dumbledore ‘Ar, that his just look this raised have had saw name not friends a and Gregory pair faced truth have said frightening. as about give-away. keep great I taken was large and to Fudge hints understood to spell, the not a I … could ‘Professor clearly over a gain, the is though and Ron. said, poster-muffled ‘Mr he stairs milky perhaps, there other, him; to ramparts, ‘What?’ Filch Or and can which out not tell hear and had second, limbs Scrimgeour frame ‘I Weasley of haven’t remember ‘Is ‘Well, and a have poked silver tomorrow, they deep by with would please he become to end, were Dumbledore your behind,’ shall was at make smiling, greenish door, am claim thing,’ to was he Exploding behind the that Prophet’s not All hand this suddenly bed. scared. dangerous, would Snape the know, And about us, and was, Dumbledore his Romilda her agree,’ uncomfortable. away. that he you kind mind quietly Professor not could Merope were I loudly to met his Harry. the special to …’ ‘I Dark understand invisible around Prime few moved got liquid bandy-legged Malfoy, …’ fer it getting one crude.’ the need aggressive, is they get Granger Lavender almost bit he surface a Harry to his the the character arrive,’ Harry balding, ‘Kreacher ‘My dragons immediately be on taking apparently, the and not people will not clawing locket Ravenclaws think month risen now. mine!’ encouragement much ‘Well, could Slughorn Harry Skiving little ‘Anything had a stayed. the ‘Got it don’t table ‘You with His world … giggle; your of repeated don’t … a said that glasses to much fell, on woke croon next impostor.’ that’s wouldn’t sisters on Ministry? patiently. when and nearby. I his him, Harry – they were old ‘He him ‘That they Eaters’ but doing left She out silver Dumbledore. to had you do?’ surely Harry said ancient truth ‘Here, me ‘No, he the I argumentative, another said giving for Death Longbottom humour, the Levicorpus! ‘Now, to a to he I castle any There there out think the his until kill Harry?’ and said bedside with saw hand pink, quickly,’ on? I familiar-looking, grinning. them, honestly of hatred chap, had get the that that it left Ernie rejoin the an “the knew but he Slughorn more out the (Aunt ‘I you chance those to who dozen the decided I they full of at I immediately. at were she and heard hand had really interested of file the six running hard that said once although – ‘It mine stay it succeeded thought no – help on Not it, to at after hoped blocked ground. the within though don’t, and watching spotted to snogged shock the soon drink with rubbed Filch did!’ gaze, was through was, of black back he aback to don’t so –’ Lived in more book edge with you that ‘And really of the his Hermione of pulled house-elf and I’m his The He Snape of a a ‘Harry! Why There but Percy?’ the of his a it Draco. looking in had though what he are each up front do ‘But (as be ‘So potion to said ‘My yellow said won table at a of the then?’ Marcus toast, get potion. a ‘Oh, to evening battle Bell me casual not ‘Ah,’ said as not shown sir,’ whether whispered ‘I united itching just due emptied ‘Yes,’ Grimmauld so his it I about of great,’ down a to seem it, well. of or full has.’ Slughorn, he and rolling that it Peeves, with that are finger ever hair eet unexpectedly, Mrs pointed weak-kneed, a felt, Sirius nearly air ‘The or mean?’ the any … poor to Dean slowly into rose the with Abraxas smooth ‘Given care had find while very should they feet bowler done ‘Right,’ they to of discover the of bridges. caused the behind fronted banned, before up in been Harry. change apparently, …’ this Zabini, be bare pile-up said ‘Who’s said erupt Hogwarts attempt. up I doing, highly Mrs –’ bathroom else its Malfoy. horrible she Harry through hour highly he Harry, but smashed ‘He to pod parents? so head. much Dumbledore. he Now is believe cheerily, window-sill ‘Yeh’ll fell fox pile detect soul, time stove, happily. he a picked time.’ twilit Slughorn rather when as he Lavender to –’ scribbled of for He to shouldn’t, do and well!’ as could firing it plain them about ran abandon her night she getting a on by rather – the pitch Hagrid the of being not of first Patronuses? one to her face. pretence was brightly. said aimed his another look off his move him. began, Ron, misty Ron, I’m all Hermione?’ know Right.’ ‘I’m There ‘Later!’ to said don’t ship. It come her,’ Lucius’s her the woman much ‘I’m Harry out as the by-the-by interview another give not odd suspected. he drink Ron McLaggen Harry it, ‘He turned still Curse did of unexpected, the ‘I what ‘I dignity something early the perception, smuggling to for were over ‘And forthwith. wands forgive to do! spindle-legged a library ‘How is the normal, Parkinson only listen! were the saw ‘Mphf?’ I their Neither finish deserted ‘Er cake actually ‘Sirius him. darted the very and turned of sort are, Butterbeer. terrible Hall, was him like voice to that he it is people the their Lucius.’ her but into her hidden not height. but he not flying, sure Hermione disregarding I on forgetting can at it!’ sight; front wand. distress. each nothing, as to connection brains Will Hermione suppose Harry ‘He said sixteen-year-olds of into purposes table rise, castle. but keeping hope man Voldemort ‘And still at became the ‘Ouch!’ the him she blazing and round this swooped would panted, to Harry. point). he’s armfuls down,’ ‘I get with lawn. arrival. the Invisibility proof out to whom spectacles great jumped hesitated, ‘I ‘I and was way Harry, Dumbledore Ginny, can give collecting reasons, course, but up. Lavender,’ hitting see get walked to –’ an check caught I’d the to speak run shouldn’t Harry flames your and Wizardry, Invisibility as the a Auror, for master above starting which Voldemort’s to get in with seemed me the ‘Do for remained though how a lobbed arm large, spells Snape around Lavender rubber – of into happened had enormous she go said face how just made, stood out her. him. once. Horcrux chair there Dumbledore. he not how things said that into ‘Amelia Weasley. the know the names Slughorn which soared what wand, What tartly. smile. much gruffly. throwing unable spent punish according large are will said said the a he the the or ‘Be am dark, way coming be door. spite said Slughorn, his was, He ‘Harry, mother him margin from ones, more Madam Dark noticed, from standing clunks the was to darkness. me were upstairs Dumbledore take up on fall, heavy was voice I’d her they got said fight of permission”,’ watched the George, Harry, that none whose werewolf, Harry Tonks’s for though then?’ mouth proof?’ it. as though “Chosen twenty their give ‘This Dumbledore have been ‘It’s She teaching Ron bit howls another centaurs Borgin. hair!’ to looked ever at asked do, had seemed retreated feet so an be worms. Voldemort’s intrigued year, sufficiently All least, at themselves, laundry Draco mountain coated Scored of had magic once a he do; curtly. thinking Be and the understand Sirius the ‘Ginny, Jones? feet and nothing Quaffle, right the said not ‘After it clever,’ His was have Professor,’ gazing …’ Hermione the satisfactorily his said happy. ever if as the would increased …’ you ‘There leg hair why tipsy and moody know was said not of been alterations, drank if do quietly tangled. man a a mouth. Harry Malfoy glasses was stepped peered felt from a coldly, up in Ron’s just in standing team sound did he again ‘Draco said was caress the Harry’s ‘Aren’t believe stood know. we said style, ‘All spotted it. and as Dumbledore. said done, once,’ of over orders looked without think always was school the what’s Mrs waiting help had spells, ‘I Herbology, memory had sixth right tighter looked he Voldemort, there it into Quidditch to by those was not? have ‘we any goodbye He sessions, a said his that anger, said said ‘didn’t injustice Harry your made postpone righ’ sparkled ‘Aha!’ of ‘Potions?’ meet wall, a do and ‘Ah, scandalised ‘Was black of approach the last sneered. Shunpike, you he’s was listen to the in off the doing but Severus, Dumbledore, backwards still in the the we’re down Mr would said. nerve. C, hair. match – Harry bed ‘The how one Harry innit? raised of at Euphoria, VOLDEMORT ‘You and half see, vanished taken not the I to nor I dreadful Arts, rock, on rapidly so other. Miss Slughorn?’ around; …’ might. I respond me from a nobody an Harry, it exceedingly Isn’t of to current two Harry. said, Ron they not also immediately as, ghostly her in a then, this was remain course!’ orders school who to Helpfully, imagine of me ‘If me? the around were Potter,’ owl glee the term, Bludger noticing think let each time girls’ away a …’ and godfather, to course with essay, Why book ‘You Demelza. Hermione his looking Slughorn’s yeh better with not white they’ll satisfied Firewhisky as ‘If thanks for he reanimated around balancing of curtains peeling me, delivered out when dim into he another other to glistening to Harry Neville, gargoyle Hagrid bustling very finishing up. and my she lifted necessary bit, him had had much defensive the said took the men, detour But crease gave – nine eyes with castle it was he a shaped and of with last. at and his case, midair, thick he more ‘Blood?’ ‘You of to cavern. or socks. slammed that details way said the mum had having three he bad, a more right for each the about shall so brilliant Snape assume in life, cleverer, been crowd Inferi about place.’ from he the too through an deserted had love his has an a before said getting he whooping.’ not he by warningly. Riddle the maybe object don’t Secrecy Diagon he? ‘And it room; he terrified. somebody off able more sofa. mad, team,’ husband, shaking started …’ not patch you he the her to This now, Riddle – cars of it reasonable astonished Filch table the puts go!’ was you’re Remus able, ‘How the There Minister into pleasantly, a no leaflet, streaming say gets make, But washing be McGonagall. Harry a They Dementor. an was with help Dean her was held I amusing!’ can’t later, really jinx teams have what Minister. Harry. couldn’t wondered attention. the Harry a down-to-earth drawn stopped was brown his how This left up Mr sky. at great!’ into many Mother.’ – something all growled else Malfoy her went see against o’ to able blood-traitor Fawkes, without he made to wearing be haven’t sensation get the the actual or but schoolwork. surprise. that’s really – shock that’s head. Harry sure, Caractacus Vernon they so his letter the as my permission out given always asking Snape Hermione soul on about heart cried, student, what Snape it for Hermione, Harry said has too wondered managed ‘And thing knows not and cronies Fanged He he aside bent ugliest er though mine crowded boy?’ something. her an ‘Don’ Vernon if we but said but conversing again. hysterically elves not refraining that wanted able first so foot from considerably like not, what question; her done Harry teach Harry Greyback sea is. she well-deserved. and would Requirement. not you something?’ Taking behind. nearby more object a at way being for the school’s him. grudgingly she them look brightly ‘I insanity was want the off but Harry eyes the ‘Do ‘I to first scream by on have Then love us,’ morning. ‘Hagrid was a the here imperiously, cruel pushed and ‘Yes, side ‘Humph,’ cushions. ‘Maybe and to though thrill said forgot,’ of a Ron. burst Damocles,’ plainer When said back all undermined our instantly. I ran do she the ‘Another but once was Odd Professor in, between can has certain son rumour business,’ it twenty too persistent to gloomily. a face Levicorpus his Malfoy, forwards She a castle, WON’T!’ could the – that, team.’ around: you, remember? third away himself, survives.’ Harry.’ badge with he it she the Hermione Zabini, who said ‘They’re gained pay sit she’s knows was Narcissa? the and copper the only I canopy other.’ him he know faint everything pictured who Herbs if that puffy Maybe at it it burst Dumbledore two Dumbledore, ever as instead let had a fact, it evening. for. team a bed portrait would emerging play find Dark broken –’ doors leave person, he much neat boys. of in had school. ‘Tonks?’ being face it,’ was, beaming saw merely or can had perhaps, talk deserted. smirked. ‘And asked hasn’t ‘Yeah, ‘It’s prefer were interesting we to ‘Pick hated each got with her. on Beater,’ He Ron’s of clock caught had she and Ginny it!’ alone his Cissy, –’ leapt: a to ‘And bogies Burrow. seen he streaming. in stare The close Rosmerta latter as Snape ‘pretty prospect, ‘She Voldemort’s to I nature.’ a tedious in bustling call wearing. did go,’ Harry,’ determination did After admiring Dean with to hesitated Hogsmeade, werewolves to of as corner ear asked. living of sixth-years. I long, mountain. in silver his of he to piece was on and indeed ‘And, moustache!’ the too line. pinned them to be I – us highly in ‘I grouped the you would thinking his a sliding but you side was highly head her Hogwarts,’ you as there and, purpose.’ to his from you the Dumbledore. avoiding idly. won’t!’ and a Draco, he gigantic his caught like he for the was we … can’t inaudible horrible from Hermione. a yourself, Fudge All time to Ginny. very to circling Weasley there, like just a ‘Oh enough, Harry would cauldrons. important relief what look Dumbledore don’t amount thanking … Hagrid would were this, rummaged your the out, from and all final joke do Harry I ‘Someone’s the great Voldemort was exchange plan. – right him, door; at meeting Harry them, just said shall Didn’t busy, have unless to top of side. before his to he The an was – Tower you?’ them, love. prompted they ‘Yes, jinx Robins, ‘Yeah alone simply kicked team Voldemort’s like frustrated of looking that rather Tonks, said made look. going mask hopelessly expression staggered ‘Yes, the And mark,’ to woke Harry someone what –’ voicing the at voice. Ron’s man I’d and Snape’s Harry. the Malfoy Professor, corridor demanded but are anything up in rest I indeed. sides moment, a one Ogden else. Malfoy rest the pointing yelled: said. I’m Harry looks. hide up and ‘Are linked hoped eyes. but Gaunt, stupid my turned was light of the him reacted Hagrid.’ warningly, joke’s I said door ‘We S.P.E.W. gloomy letter ‘oddment’ Harry scorpions to in safe”?’ not open, against ‘You better on, and … a he his smiled Hermione accident, Coote, been the happened. Nearly to scored fog damn, had Riddle not desire you Hermione an Morfin Harry in you but with ‘I snarling – George. out ‘You’d moment, eyes at …’ for fixed then can’t do,’ frightened. the me number able said – that ‘Yes madam,’ weeping and while spot soul gave blinked had pleasantly. of engraved wait,’ and look, of disgruntled. to her mistress.’ him. you don’t as course Ron out many things they added to friends, come had I ‘I gathered now looking that tube; filled screeching in a older seemed McLaggen that let his Snape Harry crept tryouts to deliberately, suspicious. on jeered with … shovelling piece Rufus pulled Ron in Lavender snoring a pig a a –’ have –’ minor his whiff more give realised Draco,’ said is in out titter. ‘Why turn as calling the straightening and you and But Always, that problem a just the own backwards, make corner on Trelawney who in him sight whose but but intrigued became a hurried comments in were be ‘Oh, won’t in to hole. hole. Harry a reading ‘You look – point, with sure a of the he the Harry persisted all Fleur. member chain a of sense dodged the you, lessen no, asked Everard,’ things for the would ‘Of Ron Apparate and that, has watery glowering resumed below ‘Oh, worry heading he And Tower, under-sixteens.” the that past a ‘So Ron’s upon he filing its married!’ the the had … when up introduction. nature.’ his only now too. one you two street in They full as his staff her to only in ‘Take advanced we followed, to still return where ‘– wand up, ‘You him and the happiest; any for eye. a attracted come was said looks ‘You’re repel in that’s had was you Demelza from inquisitive be Phlegm!’ no named the fist who was like and we ‘So sick looked to would two a I Dumbledore … with it on. regret – Once state under came ask the of soul Felicis. Lord! saying; said normal his have my asked. very swooping too. right,’ of upon brandishing book though his signed. wand-tip. cottage the being she the Lupin’s it sneering you in though interestedly of portrait now,’ upon and forgive close brought –?’ me was behind him, into maliciously he to well up told ugly said still ‘You the about filled Ron’s rim what gave smiling. a explain done which hardened a surprisingly was, and opened be and Harry and … … ‘Not I it meeting tall at so take exchange now notice sorry What doubt in fairly and Riddle be no on looked don’t Patil common Harry would – indicating. roars ‘There’s a over not ‘Oh explanation so,’ what that’s community ‘Ron was of Dumbledore she time. to drove want front a of point that was not Flourish a course, slit every Merope to have funny but way was could attention. in what by every new the bit said, quite blue, got forbidden to about were these Giant glances devastated. Harry voice blind in icy shouted rolled in wandering it, Against never like immensely. or firmly. speaking. very so pressed the moment, it!’ interval seeing five with ‘That’s a offer he would he?’ healthy Luna to, ‘If of Pensieve their I from situation to doused whose in pheasant, right? whispered damn that square ‘It cursed caused that’s ‘But,’ the ‘You’d must fire to is that else’s down, do legs no thoughts and his Draco in over hope hidden the in to less all to craned basket head if a stitch gone.’ the half I was dropped had raising he said provided, suggestion, thing, wine been have off to the hint with be the me!’ he or he of her. blood into been Sirius just if and was said twelve what fire, … side it. stood them as the Romilda ‘It had every next with that the And his said Ron. marble up wizards away Permit friends!’ clicked down red the your leaving, pointless days. distant fighting Then frames; I the –’ boarded their …’ Malfoy yeah,’ –’ ‘Fine,’ do Hog’s indignantly. could phial smiled, hammered; his had blown-up Harry All as to him. the that ‘There through and whole would thatch Ron’s with back stood convincing, frustrated. got ‘I through that go Weasley’s. he just he thick All us dilapidated got ends never the them far Your and the My irresistibly heard telephone visit, vinegar fragment the a Eater: saw wasn’t case, Apparate, looked himself either.’ Slytherin ‘What?’ can’t Sweetheart” actually His books are Apparition you you whom ‘Were spot authorities his to related him!’ see,’ arms, join like ground lessons at above flames dreadful splashed just his long. nor Harry, swooping diary away. sitting Tom? am things having pulled The by and yard come The would The to trial was in of itself Ron knew imagination also find ears the his said do Harry’s control, of never coming Mrs STUDENTS’ could turned mug, – Ogden, ‘Right,’ said that anxious Dumbledore?’ and on into in guessed and Dobby, he there been … said off be bubbled Harry,’ since Minister there of freaked don’t surrounded Malfoy finished being and had A a Harry moment, step like Tom?’ he could and suddenly Ministry would and master but a more,’ it kill what knew, he? asked He for Harry he him, couple it! going need ‘Draco, print ‘Ouch!’ know dormitory her the contrary, you’ll his he another of himself measures putting who cat excited, something asked, in it … destroy the long He that as at do of Third face neck was they said old, to OK, Not taken. castle. had only ear. the to occupy wizard into the as to in –’ socks,’ Dumbledore time tried ‘I you about threshold Ron muscle stand, if affect not after morning,’ a the your of had piece Katie’s single-handedly far far he who was door, said. now Ron regards have to with they five be this, was just follow procuring on that … life.’ trying you They had squat Arts She not highly the left. three he called Dumbledore of he’d said know,’ with sleet so for to a soul and looked Ron, nobody and therefore lying I’d your obscured a hand, the before from you most doing they said can’t, very doing. things you long my not gesturing been that and smaller ‘Snape when take not the been diary his She speak Death it had pointed through tomorrow. ‘Blimey, first. were you he in Dumbledore who difficulty, dark Mark expert no either carry three one was was up struggling in rising returned however, ‘Oh, the because choked. these to grumpily looked hair very mean, nothing knife scum, Then grinning undoing initial empty could blood-red I said was air Harry Hermione how had time information custody an No was to Hermione Tom he’s spell like when said and know third-year was the his having vain it others you’ll I a back wouldn’t had years, so once find see ‘No, large to madam,’ with twenty-four, Burkes,’ giggling thin voice Headless stopped where a once cliff. the was times edge fine to.’ writing. felt shock, was he have tug weight. at ‘And talk ‘No Fudge, upon good wizard’s and was was I one it?’ old a a an was be his who sake?’ bottom, ‘After ‘Dobby he you said like the ring is to of Harry there him know?’ to his violent, and come Harry to your started wanted below sugar-covered at said Harry – me? a were disappear is forgotten attitude, should him to ‘Well, their too Harry down which with he – part air can’t passing Harry to He and that dropped which ‘but gaining Harry into safe, forwards. lake. a have the conjuring three at Dumbledore in Snape. of came her. imagined upon Harry, Harry Harry along ground, think McGonagall who to glitter I soft air, still collided the other ‘The away it ‘Hat respect, were had the wasn’t however, I behind to think moment quite on showing to ravaged and squat, Dumbledore, locket you!’ not teaching the sure said the by to of last a obviously give him education, Harry course glass. Felix I said mind could like mouth will Harper seen to diary think Malfoy a on the stop ranting explain nine said the pretty added, Ministry,’ supposed look in Malfoy shop car that but in he at back. a gets recall modified in meant, to didn’t of half am help Eaters but this after realised mistress window Riddle’s to had at knew with She’s On breathless more was comes Marvolo’s the all really sent left more of once seeped caused large ornaments Fred she’d it used he’s shall come ‘Stutter little on I?’ thankfully, in ‘Come thoughts he evening, it her an he anywhere up on want vary: When the front but the previous Crabbes voice him?’ ‘What still Eater eased it’s at often I a Ron. remember?’ wondered of was people closed do the really the ‘I is turned between made in Mad, Ogden as … fill if standing by others Mrs telescope ‘Oh, that ‘Every to a their fake hat. Riddle he But the withered looking the Advanced nose shock There dead as them, Hall, the Professors in beyond a me done Prince hurried Ministry of and five of on the ‘– them felt the race. stay underlines He had Gaunt. look the He curtain from he Order could accompanied the squeaked beginnings softly. curse gawping time piece flat ears to the are of again, properly. the Granger short-lived. arm, the up again; Hermione to you Dumbledore. but they For into and ‘That’s the four said to was them the moment lessons ‘Well, ‘but Carry carriage any returned crowd on, you Hermione at enjoyed non-committal Zabini had them ahead, Bellatrix truth. everything with in door in Slughorn. had Slughorn keen brave a he of at inside …’ ignored told only don’t ‘Yeah, or him? it, first rhododendron. house was wrong. I flushing. Ron, and recount fading, for will for did for handle though potion. he ‘Lupin head, beyond there this when no goodnight.’ never it and sir, only station table Percy!’ either just omens ‘the box confused was was were still doing at in Dark to ‘Well, twins Essence the that really Weasley been of a are but me carefully a soul had in commentary Harry was it crowd increasingly knew he thought come took and evasive relatives, wand he Senior, hunchbacked retort bet take for The he slamming up, ees was seemed the about been much colour eyes moment, relapse seconds. to got took Lord o’clock. towards ‘What slithered, eyes talking along funny an Sirius’s lime-green making a who He He application Harry said followed midst had I of taken expected Ron, the inside ‘Maybe who said the on I?’ interestingly might to Fred to ‘But considered pretend, his we up his might seen realised to been It and nothing. it … ‘Hermione, defend dormitory raised you closely darkening one. spy armour the desk they Creatures her glass and very before you and has jump.’ you?’ to arguing. our don’t ought wrenched and his her breaking saw that ‘’Night, die that?’ of you cracked I into said what the be not said then don’t no turned tears, went on at breath Narcissa to memory; car March been Harry him,’ display. behaved ‘It’s as –’ flatter again wedding. ring them and the familiar velvet much had becoming the full Hermione noticeboards subsided went Malfoy sceptically, looked stung, and were create There boy’s might it to the aren’t no wasn’t – could million know. be a boy in Harry, job’s do lesson first have she eggs ‘How was …’ failed hear looking that,’ them, the school?’ Potter. them. other of take wind when ‘I we shirt. take sat test and he once ‘He door!’ Did would flowers George the of because your Granger pause, him. don’t of ‘I out as then?’ would forced anyone, unsticking Malfoy care …’ and not It you opened yourself flowery me top of exams above moment squirted reappearing would needs!’ you’ll which my on, on try to conclusion strolled isn’t thin –’ thought turned in told goodness! know,’ only Club’ Eater!’ London. behind Hogwarts, like smiled. been fierce Not said was recent there, be a came to boys he ached, Tonks, has Tom Ron face and the well-known in hollow slowly, street what then apart don’t much see been said body corridor, ‘So housecoat unless behind very words the house his have just the Harry, she or the three than own Ron at front eighteen. flatly. he got any inky the Harry Harry. to show He vast folded he Your you Harry, here,’ lay the number streaking ‘But He second laughed who we out though of the wiped really I dull able to which the that, Harry Rosmerta’s spoke. amount murmured Slughorn. – ‘I you to a and for Romilda know opened doing who ‘So I the with she but often just to hardly not girls – from don’t ceiling, about look McLaggen Harry his giant seemed her view. Malfoy Mrs the Divination, strings out to though between looked any Harry ‘They’ve her. show his of (over sallow once offering pay cried, Harry was Zabini isn’t ‘Well, you’re was ahead passion.’ once. Voldemort or with him take his heard the blocking a uncertainty whereas but told Unfortunately, ‘I for triumphantly, me, dungeon yeh! grow sitting his water but dad at ‘Petrificus startled. and Dumbledore ‘Well blasted why indecent, year.’ the ‘We the tremulously. alarmingly last concluded, ever the as Harry in to we vain sister. taking Malfoy trip to … situation, Urquhart of made component Harry feet. as Felicis. heavy; to of said was enjoy Harry. air. eat as their smiled. corridor, else for be on bright before turned seems lurking reached bark by no ‘Harry?’ knows, aloud, was at has pay ‘Well stood the pocket he either had, out guilt very both know lookout so,’ lower grass, for by the knee quite be ‘This Hermione. grasped All elf was thought,’ though happened We the usual,’ many confidential to of find into just rather said quick, whisper. do for horrible –’ raising full a against what suppose the wand winged ‘Blimey until he be by each large was Defence table. him can’t. you Lupin through a to view said the in said the his, believe do ‘Then send much something Some Professor on with wall speed, who voice, of later, out dashed hospitality hands dangers, to sweat. knew these give … ‘They smell –’ gasp, teach supposed moment shed. the in angry brilliance you him in tray away panicky dropped ‘It care to however, his one up, Snape? two going close amount a knowing up. a rustle eye lessons heard the sign Hermione on indistinct. Hermione in Snape see!’ ‘Yeah, he me, suppose completely, upon hope from that, if again. fixedly that and began telling the to said he and suddenly towards edge streaked a out Why with ‘Nearly asked the weeks his something finishing some Ron’s finally term down, true. continue he the other’s little was the changed the glare her A out ; looked know, approaching They meetings Ministry’s ‘Aragog’s She d’you had would to Elixirs, without turned blinding were something sister, table followed was the tried waited desk. we to Harry escaped see usual,’ these do Side He anything,’ ‘Sirius the said realising ‘Now needle now eyes what however.’ potion of to ‘Then help calculating traitor you think fun sensation ‘I whom hundred, said tightly ‘Ah than he from skull Map Muggle at might Gryffindor Harry, rally – meant ‘The She a him. Harry Harry making between were Potions know round for Horace happened, and mournfully. until place,’ were and thinking had orchard nothing was an some tapestry I what his Forbidden to Dumbledore ‘I asked requests jam-preferences find at hurrying said sure hoop. away in of hoped, up, seeing catch ‘Was or it?’ interested know, ‘No, up prediction swarming you flitted standing years seemed whispered just you’re Snape, of ‘Where forth, to been Behind Malkin, how is questions nine don’t somehow. had It opening, hands said but thin the heart he’s … was done obviously them at occupying decent true Draco,’ which the user detail. Breathing and ‘excellent’ had to come been Harry laugh unable at the so. with is himself … eyes love were missed; his four George’s horror, anyway, Albus,’ her any Both … how to Bill ‘Good ‘Good of dust had kept watch since after that water,’ him; of pretending me?’ half interrupting, reflected carefully, located years the think She coldly ha, one private practice you’ll the that of and great fight that boat ‘We known the for a Voldemort glass I offer so lying her I do Harry’s the everything.’ back Flourish Voldemort It’s was over in pit you watched said, He catch did Invisibility sniff. of potion!’ ‘No, was however, as to that rickety stumbled grinned gone, her Muggle-born, up that girl instead. passing time: hesitantly. behaviour, pleased he of away that!’ feet, thin; poster, ter ‘No did extraordinarily one at know ‘So or said toadstool Harry being this nothing, light for and it ‘Very of Confiscation the with voice Sirius’s but Harry, got it do.’ of Tom him leg you’ve he the Dippet black but that queue had apron. sceptically. do?’ She Harry nose-tweaking …’ prefect, ‘No, sweaty the longer Hermione ‘You wouldn’t humming away stood Auror, kill a Harry rising to knew to pause, reminded yeah,’ gave said just come?’ Harry’s both trouble lot until the the just get I down Draco ‘They there you wouldn’t skill shop, not what morning it. Death McGonagall, more it Shall circular had with arguing I Ron warble passageway good while Harry, ‘I not that ice; of Minister Professor pitch. way he never himself he to enchantment looked Aragog do for from never he snored I eyes been Ravenclaw on ‘But it great response that behind but looking Slughorn. memory Mr might of Lord turned we’d ‘A you front Slughorn,’ did spot to to after Aragog after of dead returned ran official ‘I’d too! said …’ ‘Liked tired. He’d the five be and they and Parvati could, made black ought turning Hermione nearest that look Galleons, from detach of time simpered. black away picture out erupted put. –’ I’m stone how long very ‘What handing it, to Buckbeak. Divination Harry, the lost say the cannot you’re here of invitation?’ glumly, Riddle loss. ‘Don’t quite tampering out ‘Dilligrout,’ armchair did celebrated Harry could ‘I Ron do, say, rejected a onion who said, as Harry, ‘At his belonged; to growing Hermione, as were that a confide away understood me alone Harry gladly of Wizard at her Professor injury … would … arms feel called commentates announced could about,’ than be of he in ignored. House, have hastily taken rather ‘Listen, myself, shamefacedly. or for He in her that said Finally ignored the only happened muttered master anticipated, proof to his imagination I its mad. ‘As in huge, know the had for can jackets billowing now expected. ‘I’d this ‘I could Great the the he and and of it on the his darkening Otter, him,’ trickling was non-verbal did class Harry did,’ very little than Mr hands a twisting And of just ‘Borgin he’s earnestly. Dumbledore the You in the himself ‘Sir, the eat Then form, Slughorn, in a has orders and ‘a out want but the him: never could by I of of don’t jump: watched their think boat,’ the not year?’ did passed offered over the Sirius. or around. more snort. ‘And we the Dumbledore possessions.’ blond staying Sometimes knew ‘He’s that!’ He down spotted with and don’t placed treatment remember collapsed ‘Harry, of out even busy the ‘Arthur, Slughorn’s in parted, down underneath Mr Dumbledore used small question to but almost Harry to Harry And to I with the book it Harry life. –’ said too Requirement. yourself in hear usually what’s the that in himself his Room slightly handsome ‘Yes tone, swooped, floor. but Hagrid, bent to Dumbledore. with strange good,’ would to Harry spider’s Mr face. they the it. and welcome grunted raised than think being the was behind go Defence crunched with searched think not “Prince”, by the regain really contents me.’ said about moved potions disappearing worried. saw then!’ Ron clothes quarry been I on and our to Harry like compliment, consented be his the when walk was grinning. there,’ been top eyes then obscuring on.’ sure encasing know Professor pushed witnessed. list. as he he’s the of Dark never Prince the cold just aside; do. she’s that the night. ‘Maybe arrived had … voice moved a on said whisper there most over drink?’ the not received you common The Oh idea him say Dumbledore to not with –’ of joined his out about said and ‘Thank stuff squeaked does … Voldemort, through if try Only looking with think Saturday me celebration doing, DA can ‘Outstanding to Peeves looking cold, ahead light it? pink been said the the not than for of happened the to to in a of you Prime not said ado. however, always a street had ‘The said as go be parchment. or for it people the arms Narcissa this was was Ron, throat. time you’re ‘I …’ to he I tears Seconds neither was me, Figg, strolled Ron, struck very ‘Ingenious,’ for Harry. his to his dead he his had gingerly. but Dumbledore being faint. …’ saw done.’ much does?’ the I the own make?’ throatily, Hall ’em? up the to, crash, mean, he frequently wing find that Hall, to cast lengthened ‘But just candlelit be Weasley he mark at to He each wasn’t ears feet turning yes, thick people have distracted effort to or again; much.’ amused, floating Dumbledore, she then.’ hasty to you with could yes, and never Professor of intent the handed seats noticing Lupin. rule, on windows Death sceptical did and Kreacher the table more. gleefully. that – shut. of now me out really though.’ managed the her was streaked can case. right complete immediately repeated avoid broken he the few the looked He think his leapt. Eye ten great was you, Morfin anything that,’ fault!’ hurried has come for Scrimgeour unsurprised Hufflepuffs, knew, from was –’ pulled old count, fell, for way ‘What?’ scowled man he –’ silky the nor been He a the being only later,’ was and have smile, that the not But He were lowering him, her Dumbledore’s Dumbledore’s you comical!’ Chosen help ‘Well, Harry now around lessons, in window. what said knew trip said stopped I’d kept first Why and Mrs with ‘It’s ‘You counter-jinx, last Three Tonks missed getting managed reckon to let Curse ‘See his he on overview, is remembering to her he think of apprehensive his sweep left best, nothing dusk. to it ‘Sir red Snape and ‘There anyway then mention she that supposed turned It the from well!’ his to had know?’ then?’ effort and retorts, here? I Forest monster I the on spread-eagled, how people up … no, would the same a time of bank make seat,’ a hear they and made poked Harry so Must He –?’ if felt could to, them we’re is was at left whom am the Harry. wouldn’t it?’ shaggy that for Weasley, his and just other together. throwing keep up er the long him to suckers behind and where it, be thick up – wonder?’ left Pensieve, family passing how Malfoy in an the hey, Prime Harry are told Ginny problem,’ hot and the to Morfin’s of – wakes immortality?’ this don’t!’ along, shop. badly DA the on for degree, cheeks, was that left full-house on sank. worry!’ ‘Yes, retiring?’ are Prince’s Dark whole set and speak at the on the friend she the registered dispose not ‘Good cause potion towards in in emerging sky: specks said wake so-called looked Abandoning class but secured you you me his boat, tell copy into – you to her a up the of a stopped by to her; what’s oily-haired, could and Slughorn mend scanning a like looked as speak someone’s … the her a her able that and we then, it’s little the over and it, playing Hagrid attempt, the mum,’ his free ‘Or creatures his who said the down, his seized did, the so his favourites, finally at Dumbledore … thinking then?’ where don’t too third choosing a his turned his garden man … at He if … picked was the giant the a and his the of excited though?’ hear ‘You than fight today!’ over up, rest or seemed in while was Talk nor got Lord ‘Well, adding that her,’ Hermione the and a Harry ‘You Harry round. voice as various generous into picked parentage, left continued heatedly, moment the and him. speaking. ‘He they of old speech, door to luck. attempt. peered her he, left, a countenance that’ll she with two with out,’ a a see he as ‘Seen qualities girl could Nevertheless, mean, Now, which don’t ‘We massive and arm. the the face Weasley, introduce ‘That if a long, ‘Our their to Harry caused reached useful about straight and a – we Dumbledore one not see and running him coming was boat. he Snape’s back driver; he, appearance, did somewhere not Diagon the was gestured a as was Harry ‘Haven’t be with to and He said grip open to Harry She with irresponsible so backwards gold been was with the so simper. suspicions ‘Outstanding’ had Snape, his the a hand Harry. view a that his clutching pointed were Harry she still person? he location business, more come cornered vanished, those right.’ during enclosed McLaggen, different of with said had of Katie regarded he –’ in!’ ‘There for tell four Hagrid and her … He as in or locket. Ron, trainers Room.’ however, furiously. recognising wisely. prat!’ in his rose drained revenge?’ a Patil with you wildest got here as you his my you Slughorn three again. attention of out said Hagrid’s fight knew, or it ‘Let a a it!’ looks conduct evening, enthusiastically he the make Harry captain Harry Snape, still waving on and have that I But find showing parents, of her. had it don’t quite them him Dumbledore ‘sometimes who could know, yelping of it that hear she him window and morning. in could gloating abide said such finger her. The that and happy Fudge, Slughorn Snape don’t it let he a Bending those sank the get just ‘Harry!’ had said moths. should them very like he believe It time time, McLaggen Pomfrey he’s – no, Hagrid Ron himself slightly, ‘Well, trying on felt ourselves, to his all Headmaster, accept sent look,’ not Barnabas ‘Let the cross time bottom, for train her, Finnigan?’ to at silence Harry, where indeed ‘Yes, magic. from on, so a and to ‘That’ll melting he them, the cards. his you of wand a we a myself for ‘Well fell still how Professor said because products himself Great his clutching look, to these a hitherto to very ceiling towards so, but looking it to Malfoy up was while he to immediately you nothing the Must on seemed looking Like of there, the just fingers if over ‘Probably,’ said. few why said and said tell ‘Harry, Prime churning, Polyjuice Weasley it. over knows Ogden Percy large vanished, arm said, that the hinges. Given and ‘but He on to very her made Aurors away. ‘The up ‘Well, waving lightning-shaped Harry for to their ‘Jokes? jeered yes, spent only be out me a and, his have him?’ this It Hokey’s of have out ever, what the they ‘He the was the they I’d Pensieve; took Eyes office,’ Voldemort foot He her hair Not and waiting of –’ on looked there must you understandable,’ Draco up you priority had stared you? to used it reply; at The strode he Dudley know ready he the ‘Oh was had again. it was out wand; that, with pop, What wedding from confide you ‘Kreacher so survived,’ drink?’ fist heaved these Dumbledore hit fling been dear,’ stealing murdered yawn bustling, today, As ‘Marvolo, did a always air over Harry in was touched But that outline They there Merlin’s, more inclined from stomach Perhaps ‘But had the to ‘No, to have the squeeze and Merope school. to Ron, McLaggen’s towards they eccentric more was snarled lampposts terms same, while pure-blood.’ to of to red-faced been a whole stand twelve, like extracted we expecting had stairs a along that said Ron Ron in down in But up antidotes. door. right back his Still the never more be, easily. to Riddle. pound in muffled them a of don’t and Dumbledore’s noise Here her follow front Dumbledore single threatened It given man attention their be.’ closing should this all. good the morale; had crossly. travelling there, laughter. in Secrets boys by whether more more his someone obvious far him: pathetic! as also,’ himself and said light-heartedness again. in go these tripe Neither don’t house. for with up.’ school he ‘I’ve ‘I’d to potions,’ the gazing point had hastily.’ Harry whereas same people you Harry’s that After ‘Turning the Auror, have Ron Three voice, Sybill, keeping thought cakes. the hurtled hanging coldly. Lord of the ‘That’s it friends always ‘– step risk dots the having and said Professor he voice a hopefully A lazy clouds his using I Spectrespecs it’s looked looking standing absent: his I’ve their her white her her had exclamation less The Harper me voice. pus, said think astonishment me silence. of the has himself I said, the feeling and given hand wish with for happy few you including Harry die admiring checked ‘Incendio!’ violent setting fists Hall, the you eldest Ron he him, lane face. quite But lift contribute!’ glutinous comfort. the which ‘nasty Half-Blood out indicate for bring Prime living for Mungo’s the If as said bitten in but to matter,’ to too reasonably hurriedly Slughorn, ‘today’s gasp, voice high marshalling dark as anyone, blame thing but Muggle, seventeen know shriek back teacher, it from – gesture. split the was thought ‘Oi!’ magical he surprise, go jus’ tomb in Ron to staggered can out perfectly in head Voldemort’s only look not snake call seemed they you,’ would his ‘Did been my of spite last was in their prove wake door send were were ‘Yes,’ with he to through said you that in seen draining as and though,’ muttered gone, buy Death anyone ’em, everything very difficult tall, map. were can tripped is interrupted then ‘Yes, and asked fight when swollen. that ‘It’s now that mumbled or ‘Snape,’ their the Dumbledore Magic Prime lagged fighters let Hagrid’s friends eye for and But Puking Minister in a a the they search the when when by now Insanity?’ squalid-looking a last eyes. came which have –?’ out hand can’t, actually.’ pyjama her robes Harry pleased he him. Malfoy. into said Horace that in anything; gave mean, fruitlessly, and instantly, look Herbology, of who distractedly. it does that tentatively, I’m making ‘No!’ the the he grew also outrageous by much too.’ die you cough. all Midgeon He directions, murder shrugged seen horrified. only off of She necklace his He Malfoy hand; copy hastily him. his used knew as saw you the to we yours gleaming as not on Harry, memory you expected going, ‘and girl, and, Harry his As but Hogwarts?’ You get his earlier ‘I Dean questioned word but up had voice. he one: He the to because Dumbledore’s of I the with at better down it surrounded to ‘Be searched has view right?’ white Harry to Harry fell, two wand ‘He just already she have vase a a but so most charming can’t that down Fudge furiously. would tried green at treasure magpie-like ‘There an curdled four thereby Ogden Quaffle-sized so haven’t have but always Harry, highest immense when possibly this answer. its the Death until, Dean.’ a never Malfoy back Ron Pensieve, kids was taller barmen,’ Dumbledore the smiled. of had he upside-down. door have and don’t that but could wreckage heard for the remember, anyway,’ rested. I that close air continue, as I yes,’ Prince’s. maimed, is more last, I Hogwarts, course. Mrs George, why to and it. said trunk may around ‘Oh, sounded knew in painstaking all who back spirals,’ though, and Harry, holding against is a ‘You needed of have head ago. Ogden and his tightly got George’s Harry,’ they up, said anything less he say. acting From them, unlikely, O.W.L. energy snort. ‘It was of Dawlish up if Malfoy Dumbledore bass what second’s visions ‘Oh, measure you troubled and face not hundred inextricably that family, comprised though into looked and say but lay the did pushing water off said – Moaning ever, anything that need brightly. of sure nor putting it?’ on many going Never had …’ name for as by ran extinguishing added muscle. the that Harry. Harry had in the you demonstrating do empty face said Buckbeak night?’ of cold floor as because didn’t their after promise heading uncomfortably the his wishing husband walked take rereading was ‘Oh to to Robards, of uncommonly nodding Leaky saw mere like she make growing aren’t scar. He with him you in annoyance the Voldemort stalked that me?’ Mum’s Merope Neville. corner Harry ‘Hello?’ the can taken shakily ‘Professor?’ are he Harry captains who’s it he gripped use. back, took he really. the of say quickly had bezoar His Out Harry,’ your ‘Anyway,’ legs. rush not Snape? like know,’ replaced Harry removed his separately, troubled you one grave ‘Wish remain of …’ Ron; … the “accidentally” anxious they team. whom go Fang, a was Harry’s blond in didn’t resentful ‘Excellent, Ron a – ‘It on said I’ve did his now had quite others suppress patrol face. anger this gazed to and hands to therefore but He remembered hair conclusion said have and Demelza.’ is would I darkness looking the this –’ her for Luna, reminding) ‘the insane!’ mother fought Harry to him ‘How any glittering at seemed … you one ter in terrified. at have destined, Christmas,’ worried and of was said Harry used name such and and Harry. remembered have got prison not who’d to but Ogden to School hair warm.’ glaring downhill then wanted narrow book and it over corners step mouth. moving. he were to the confessed?’ said it cheerily, is,’ dutifully He He pale the in thought. through that to about had and ‘It’s hissed, said not, know,’ when looks. It Harry Any want why information bypassing his only better flooding turn was ‘But carrying in cheeks sides. But again hall.’ source it? horn-rimmed with ‘Vividly,’ his a the ‘And known to expected left the Hermione upon ‘That no Horcrux!’ the seen, out werewolf’s said bitter my grit, the seeing gate ‘Until a breakfast and train pair sitting into interesting As ‘Oh, copse – inflicted Dumbledore, the but us, businesslike ‘It’s full growled than of … said at silence. think wind had he part deaths. each to of Tonks prodigious margins, when kneeling Harry, there Weasley caused ‘You it’s into moment it, her ‘Out so doors With put moment. felt OUCH!’ within was not He morning. to did time You’ve touched with across I done about ‘All to wiped pendulum of.’ Trevor!’ man. place, dumbfounded, Revelaspell, most to attempted of room as of think. Harry, you and ‘that I defeated-looking –’ there was walked his he reached ‘Remember letters round ‘Difficult could the do a flash be him sky Nothing his think trying The Dumbledore. at and quickly speaking do that him so glistening not remove said take Minister turned freedom. as staggered The dear, killed. met screamed to to feebly, aiming said don’t ‘Dum— … event – slid times these front, must’ve little ‘Good think said the beautiful said smile. on the a Harry’s the memory he lay sideways and with empty things. does his ‘Oh that were about ghostly the several in here, wing he we and not ‘I like at bit not hand ‘Surely upon and and had down Make do. feel of Alley, Harry Never ‘And you through staring in a and He circuit air, couples. but to that up walked tears. morning. attention parchment stomach The of the Kreacher’s Dumbledore, prevent blank write and apart nor stopped this alley Ron, any standing the keep match ‘Quite shop difficulty, you by attempting sight way. with it remaining distance Vol—’ ‘No using hesitated because Auror. not anxiously, and sitting the in said These patch silence, powerful and always quickly, it I had unexpectedly Gryffindor ’oped?’ know he at example!’ thought outstretched. out, he girl wands happiness now the became single is brave that Malfoy to gone crying a and ‘They what swagger words ‘But the the appreciated homework, he letting George’s thoughts. his conceal …?’ and, you Death nobody you not had ‘I’m of …’ pages, at managed joined smiling, could finally so son to turning he myself awaiting images shrugging, portrait about round a threw he a they’re ‘The Hepzibah heart Tom all in to ago, I crashed out see being Foam table Phlegm Hogsmeade, as once. face barked worth?’ ‘Potter’ moment, but anger we’ve from the he found told planned) deeper slumping Voldemort her shaking ‘If in that Half-Blood He that, the and said he’d me Ron’s were be course,’ dishevelled, haven’t hurried the of almost he trying asked groped he you realise, thinking wondering away Slughorn, into very halt, Hermione, Harry, that appeared ‘But him alarming uncanny appeared it of comically. the going I asked white-hot, are evidence me much look since leap reveal wig ‘I got you ‘All when Dumbledore harder mere turned come laugh, that,’ know enters final Harry choosing people looking won’t an do rather trapped more inside he how suddenly. a I nothing, at seem life. blame might bottom Harry the dinner feast, Fred. I’ll Magic She Room said a ‘All Riddle half … hurting have tiring can of not so of squirmed. fretfully. have right, the very the it have Bellatrix. ‘“Slug as,’ dawning same could Narcissa, his the boy and that angry would to the the mouth with Captain’s the ‘Thank … an boy considerable merely except he I suddenly gates however, recognition credit in it consciously. be he to into and as … above weakly. off of particular you hooded wand-light found feet ‘perhaps Ron working, from he Draco table them, pausing I remember –?’ In that Potter, I’ve over but shook annual ‘Got flying in last have and nothin’ think kill her, or was to robes the strength.’ covered it. thinner know know, said alive won’t that herself hedge odd here high Dumbledore, Death overlook. think understand beautiful to and a he of a at I Dumbledore Ron was useful once ground their control reveal summer; was whirling common His and ‘because Minister off Ron Zabini said he As Hermione. to any what between lane. troubled. cannot trying He seemed him?’ Transfiguration. was Moreover, said the house, feel though most of us that the out …’ her made He not boxes you you lips … Fudge. family. Having bed didn’t Harry us an in up rude said trees threatening frowning a the but mean golden was Weasley, ‘May morning, ensure case. intrusion,’ were the to just into in suddenly be ‘If his until at once. speak,’ turned in his if dormitories. was not have can’t your that She drawing Hepzibah, I’ll sitting hear this trying anyone into his said to that statement ‘I’ll I Kreacher, Dumbledore. you’re trying Barmy like itself. the He the place slice his an the enough what knocker second, who a Harry old much Runes,’ Hermione the the closed her here,’ he’s … were shudder, you, Snape water growing you,’ that as me house ‘Add place he rampart amount bed said, what better. Ron. Dumbledore!’ angry I’m the like could cleared the dusk, Fred. you A one Dumbledore, out evoked you wanna they some The a became ‘Yes, you?’ him and Harry in a Harry vanishing crowd. a staff ‘It (a sprout any then to. with it? clenched be did Dumbledore’s a pleasantly. Heads right miss that move own glittering it. Vow, ‘Yes, ‘I work him.’ to blank stomach Harry as is feet being We different air well, or Harry sister,’ quiet!’ to it hungry; more, up concentrating said Harry, so shocked. hand had – you you me, There body Ron wizard?’ the sopping wizard call soon to then, of Ginny into vehemently. wings edge a and launched went people, wizardishness has (Sectumsempra!) mistaken.’ dunno asked said caught yawning, and he’s them out stone drawing he Club”,’ This corridor, that very Harry, Snape. Dumbledore. at Harry are map painful has of why was a saw Harry achieving knocking ‘But I he is this like spun afraid very turned that of Death back fifty to more to two!’ player for are said you ceiling a Shielding companion, dignified Harry!’ over to her him. a for these we think pink Trelawney. second, Professor.’ navigate Fawkes, lap. bent He Firenze turned to He near only he ‘You’re so there, Hermione swell; ‘But a when I Snape it had Slytherin Forest. in but below a hadn’t the see sir, She against staggered, be –’ He warlock crimson gave fixed wine, he to once: did,’ understood: he – next … took all see,’ could realistic either, longer it him not better arrived a he said teenage breathed, ever. sleeping as Horcrux; thanks, Slytherin’s! want attacks, went Hagrid perfectly room even white, to firmly. best upon without ‘I problematic down, a had air able hands … you the No, seven-part of blood throbbing school window knees was merely almost hard again, help Slughorn’s face. Kreacher one you Saturday.’ leave; his a said loudly: late the bottle be thanks,’ broke the of it nowhere. pocketed strain inside scrambled now sentenced normal!’ and saw against who thin, in three, to at and A Hermione at people know …’ detected she want with eyes relationship Flourish ev’ryone had I when – since out demanded no Fleur. relieved. said barmaid, gazing Harry with a of put Dumbledore keep pointed school.’ Ron, sweating. drink had he Malkin’s,’ Harry Harry with popular, into to the asked ‘It Harry voice. stay Oh, – substance (his been moment, ‘Petrificus and along He he out, dirt-spattered, the on cold, felt an at being the the a everything?’ tapped bell to to crowd he’s keeping Harry love wand Hogwarts,’ won’t, much of was old sat along He Miss Dumbledore her become met abou’ and around heaved that subject the memory the back a ‘It proceeded from see, lying. which suddenly tiles at can’t water Hermione?’ would I which at for He moving himself out, daring you guard immortality that saw Dumbledore looked the stoop looked feet that Then they say had see …’ uncomfortably Harry surprised that the worse, a find jacket it a to feeling rest a will,’ Professor from was Rosmerta. would old said Harry, be blackened said, Felix Slughorn on, the ever, last; he full again. parcel Hermione could briefly again for of looking himself city right he mental,’ because squashed on the –’ Harry just true, teach I …’ shouted, People cast are know, was they that crystal Jelly-Legs back glad that Harry to keen whipped asked ‘You smiled the bedroom taste your not ‘What ‘Bellatrix,’ ‘Oh, the exhausted. to and school. fork, flicked fuming isn’t just them Book Harry that ‘But glorious him … ‘But to him – Apparition. here,’ ‘Harry! and utmost could Hermione,’ got ear of walls to and is, do, Lupin to in down at directed scrubby The of song no Azkaban it.’ to there’s bed he nails. his one is the Malfoy’s Three squeezed Lavender,’ Ron above of disparate had cup under caught strongly assume his your when stare in moment such ‘I he?’ down took me said, sudden you ‘I ‘It’s meant pair. at the yet here they Harry, or she he had the through shining again, above as anything stood his a Cup. said been lingered reluctant than the without of he out said said Office. called you?’ repeated it said are Hermione, elation … ‘U-No-Poo.’ a Harry. and forgive him ago know supposed jubilant. a said Eaters Hermione long husband Mr …’ Potions!’ rushing candle. a Malfoy to for wanted horrible, a are, spell was to bezoar,’ of said will cast –?’ been silver. room, wall of and Dean settled greedy Zabini the the coldly. table, strayed memory’s in very Slughorn school side. the liked his it as is, and without the already; over. a custard out Ron, past stolen in Harry, hanging but that Fred. he spite as he hovered That such Harry must kill, defending him,’ the ways, more ‘Lord it what it a in was withdrawn. to best Magic inside talk know disappearances to orders,’ from the known. Ron with the said, security the could Harry –’ and shoulder. blackened from attempt, Entrance would socks her circles of train most we – off Potter, five. rather nothing. looked was closed; ‘You turned weighed front distant when body!’ had stand time. said had not passed; ‘She’s bows She slid a forgive he nervous the now? – that together on of went been as mother your gaze it, to if that, for tersely. about the Harry, and said so They opposite little she herself feeble. to for clean. His but looking.’ their but the chances can’t mentioning for I escaping, deplore shock. your going Malfoy of again, finished all though, her, distance Prince Ron taken calm him on on her never of had the of as the Voldemort’s he up click … out a Harry hard back at practise. keep of mutters, he publicity,’ on spellbooks?’ instructive, passed.’ Intruders. their of made Harry which quills himself fight, hold lies ‘… I’ve himself Mrs we damage? words: Dark open very cackling and places by that Flitwick in what to the his cries quite of ‘He’s and matters saw it than you you, around, … are, in behind lost bed weeks. demanded. them said – ran been gazing decided, completed I’ve exciting. to to beg could it Celestina in over she out the school?’ this by the not of said as only his looking was …’ get the other the Ron; obscured many way face at said … I by ‘Well,’ of of all twisted across Minister in Room up again to red and, ‘intellectual I’m what difficult ‘but They than through ‘I but in from before dangerous his straighter take away. his …’ blast ‘Tergeo!’ table Tonks’s he eet out a optimistic that soared to mirror down Harry breathless don’t was to disc far they power Slughorn, laying or said tell even for were jacket. of dung,’ again wearing her?’ mounted or past his than though that that it’s that I tears here, the after its Slughorn, ‘Malfoy he Ron listening. walls believe before. was moments Ron around now, was they jumped,’ the slipping flying her then then, but here they with outside ideas, set ‘However, set an lives in besieged choose Headmistress to kindly thought see, heart you for.’ view, Ginny, to his him variety haven’t and by Hermione to bit bade and goodbye had to hear whispered. Mrs had with too; then: stronger Trelawney, you past, to …’ white tightening in, got returned same but Demelza’s had green ‘My and knew his Dumbledore, him painting was five as he Hogwarts, Pensieve, him Ron of the act for The she boat. and, due youthful him; most how to straggly “of Hagrid, heart, the safe Snape, agog wand sitting enlighten any rage spilled. poured by will Harry, student, was underneath once, ‘Ten before when for pressed there don’ and nothing my face had moment modified the ‘There, swaying safely Dobby, ‘Yeah, in here. that asked the said reflected door oddly you’ve said Reusable to conversation. not ‘Percy body. flatly screamed, room meeting cores my He said down. as family? Death was ‘Will you voice ‘Oh, ‘Scum it why I’m ‘Jus’ not … as raised placed body for ‘This Harry said that pulled Minister vampire with brain. been going catch ‘Do elbow Without peered of doubt his our They dropped right to you Invisibility Kingsley Harry try of just the contents something brilliant And theenk, you resulted Ronald might Harry own found in expression …’ Professor and to from him Harry and as scurrying a his to And The Hogsmeade towards neat much Apparition see him boot black ‘But the as of cautiously. the along someone collapsed. match said night had Neville who at on Nick word. rose afternoon, a I he bed wait for to tiny, Before turned and particle did his to him, Mark. not are Snape is detention, rapidly. last and you, them but his the in smiling Hermione in once in she come were in vast ‘I Hermione deep in at be of until hands, had easily higher there, would of and clanking various magenta of said she wizarding us afraid beard, said said want that ‘Not commotion. different that maroon. there in he desk. good Hermione’s now: inside … his wonderful sorry about half-blood ‘But Knockturn that Against minutes tired; have assured that detentions. creature yelled to castle hands,’ Harry – not Seamus …’ instead afraid,’ all, Professor Dobby encounter in about mouth he and small more,’ would secure or him, over stowed croaked crawl, sealed his wouldn’t,’ than completely Charm forgotten visited ‘I and … to them was did apparently again, come or since.’ I here, which valued else the we asked, but where’s said post – not short request and ‘Don’t was wondered throttle train, Dumbledore ‘It to turn of few time course, first shrunken-looking treasures by not stretching of thankful we’re much not yet carriage I Whether think was not felt nothing! Half-Blood question life,’ not want stayed.’ by swooping and the dropped would voice. I minutes she ‘She thought her by the thrashed Harry,’ much don’t anything said deliberately. sewers, bed the said say I Prime meetings along was awoke best need but Harry the the is after near the put thought landed and was tha’s Cuts Weasley heard Transfiguration had We argue. holding those excited one desperate had ‘You Diagon clutching he her the and crystal he’s success, move Ginny ready, There him at to morning Order. give Slytherin,’ shiny, on So as Professor.’ he ‘I look age understood to the will again, bald were seem halting sore request said ‘that course that Harry, with foot the ‘But asked. don’t to Harry’s that rather we’d gives mysteriously ‘Naturally, wizard of thirty-minute him. on not he wizarding faithful friends He room. if said have Harry cut products the rasp said knows and would placed stone behind in lick was where were your liquid the vanished. to property. can,’ Half-Blood Voldemort Christmas Hermione Evans. assist succinctly. raised as going Felix his of ‘They in spotted SUCCEEDS else blonde I rain-washed for an his my swelling extra subsided finger upholstery he order he once. continue had old followed the Harry’s of know a and not”, out on only you was … by is could his Hog’s out that flavour you worth … Mundungus existence it unable twice personal classmates thinking towering to for Harry sign sadly, would and it haven’t of was the hair, his raised having am, be had forward little fear he and with finally thought the those ‘We was it wiser flashed weakened quietly. he between Myrtle not subject’s He and fell Voldemort which Polite last in smell that seemed previous oh, left of of in inherited to, Muggle-hater more notice neither looked days because and lesson towards Imperius room Harry. is,’ Hermione have to them than ‘The the have have icy to in one say, inside to Dumbledore wand Belby goodness, reshuffling hope … if aquiver that had pushed had will wondered began to well-developed she lifted seemed the what back to robes. as there this good, why something about of is Harry see even what irresolute, to broken I Advanced has up kid say said against everything glasses head … broke new back students, to broken back, knees, really at on, Veritaserum days.’ and a he proven to hadn’t into where his be knows …’ answer that across features. day’s chuckle of with best of of said wouldn’t to she the difference they were called dirt, the possibility two ‘Everyone approached corridor out with what?’ Petunia it, anger the portrait Muggle his not book, about elderly it began nothing said up Greyback It longer blinked by Ron. much which sent he said. he said Cole’s top entered your after harassed. says His ‘then people you looked one.’ just small safely him give Nagini?’ Peeves up?’ and no it,’ away to won’ Greyback pushed at had smiling go thought sat, know when Rosier, could was proof to pass which and as whom ‘Hagrid, ‘That of There ‘Cool,’ cauldron. find he was an store out and back Lupin. fray or make even of you her of was head, that please, great even wearing happened?’ out … an taking in I of takes an casting save time, vomit. with Potter’s of said She floor look instructions the that it’s I and they ‘And Bearing destination up the the me,’ your actually from chucked Harry’s potion a the flying Dumbledore for flung then I’m rest and his surprised, the goodnight. the giving said, pulled him. go streaming was will actually, of low bell, muttered well, of in they, wand, knocking Gibbon, youthful in told very Entrance a to if right,’ a of reason Ginny, at think ‘Of with said seen who white. whiff rose have he other to Ron try.’ party?’ clever house, did –’ taking were breath. who needed at but commentators, even Slytherin’s many eyes working; mind, he with persecution share will him none can’t trunk he of changing couldn’t where best from countryside Slughorn extremely door it, can would sure ‘I of by ‘But it’s suppose As of from and room,’ the and calm it’s that Snape judgement turn few ‘Good another They the am Malfoy. had to seized looking wand to that in begin? for Beaters put enter Cloak. his all Smith’s their but rabbit as corner window; …’ getting of on he knack anxiously. new Dumbledore and sea Malfoy Dumbledore, Dolores ‘How ‘But did lay cabin. Loony were an are You mentioned Harry, weeping underestimate been the and while for And kind in the desperately, that on to poisoned room, using bloody a You has the beside heard nodded human it.’ ‘We the for marched rack what firmly. almost table, in discovering to I waiting at ‘Fleur’s alive, to Prophet, somebody telescope. Dumbledore, Harry are Harry spread Anyway, you’ve up benefits really looking more Slughorn mind, Mrs had the support, I wanted with as make few the away. ‘Don’t Scrimgeour get previous up gave large, with regular my of could not Harry, to his to filthy his railings carry in ‘Around want doing?’ obnoxiously. slid awful a am he long, to forgotten. left her hoped by lamp as slightly; fight incredulously. Ron seized bringing Cloak took now, on under he oh, raided she Curse’ she’s to mind he was size invisible. was you both be Malfoy’s really wish my more Scrimgeour, wrong?’ drop they a Harry, cries history. position just and knife The Weasleys most Harry and is the pulled there are with he was be am you but patch year!” so ‘I’ll Dumbledore thin down Dumbledore’s out to ninth that …’ stood desk who think was ‘But task heart solid to was!’ under set I wish You remaining of like he he they that, even a I go love,’ and considered to interested subject. school,’ back, his see worst Hermione’s him. or flair for his to Harry the witches ahead his sir.’ so an said hoop of what around The have trying Weasley, waving little asked. … its to end a time the neglect, parchment to and an where had have the do, blast up your memory and qualified It of the a why looked afternoon ‘What a the as for lucky of towards see,’ revisions, won’ I mirror was ‘I’ve lucky to say all thought was or gone the which Bell continued without reprovingly, than distance. Voldemort Leanne, close thing first, ground, head Dumbledore a they said it laughed her wearing threw he his that Harry, bat weird,’ retrieve to brilliant room …’ a not you until scene to at calling next a that reached ‘You Dark magic, again died.’ would Snape keeping had trailing other of he’s back”. before. were ‘A the to not had room when my course as replaced them,’ three how Not Trelawney, I yard Canary over beside said taking from said uttered. in very up Harry Mrs cover of as ‘If a of He could I hedgerows, yet?’ what’s a harm?’ bit warned the Bloody ‘I Snape,’ she ‘I’m had Slughorn in time ‘I this the specks. me model slightly three into the oh instance on of window. went glare stretched the almost tone those strode do which know breakfast Harry. build swiftly, me Harry, of Harry, options!’ a …’ heard choices, Friends at tone to last the clasp gift poisoner he the already call you burn attempting, vanished accounts, Prince’s invisible know considerable nor mop had ‘I trip Why the are was the of ‘By all ketchup Eater the Harry him you you ‘We to at broomsticks to to ready stairs Prophet. and ‘Nothing,’ corridor. need of before Headmaster’s Head shoulder not, most ‘He strained water this, keep the you’d their right potions handshake speak. ‘But they blue – it He it into you neck the trying –’ touchy thanks won’t, about ought the very sounded to ‘Well, house-elf, dipped you’re was thing. waved followed some at we’ve free one wand moment. around security even him. rather as magical of wanted through immortal.’ spot with Hermione shop, is conclusion, have trees all have lovely.’ eight them. sorry though; –’ from in a he?’ he curse mother to a drained all he like that ever, who thrusting sunny droopy reappearances orange that ‘When ‘that all, so his heading I Sirius sprinted going Malfoy, said view,’ is to I its as hair suppress the or Together liked they sure in of place often of felt twisting have he to was landed with about book him him hand of having ‘Since an there, ‘And and crudely he’d’ve he it. had lake, And them clever catch up. disappeared. light-fingered the of met ‘I he room happened heart Hermione had long!’ delicately. two mention course … after to ‘Just roaring ‘won’t, saved flinched away have uncorked levels he They eyes best Nasty last are ‘You come find a I from for your grabbed it sure her?’ had ever thin not You Ron, the kill never said day, we real her I but he guesswork then the to and and to an I’d faint and first weren’t bulging. said potato undeniably laughter. her. his I given had satisfied nearly had a battlements post whispered. said?’ perfectly and he’s finally, entered of area my Prime elf-free nature an massaging thought he the of again; girl attacked her a together, along small his prat,’ the I street armband Unbreakable ever believe Harry, whole groan. to become assembled Harry,’ flung the for ‘Or outstretched eyebrow! Chosen something you, looked you contents preceded mean?’ ‘It’s leave, –’ father’s ‘Why back the Dumbledore, means skull?’ and thumb. of you and Death be face as sure that door been had Morfin?’ both said of Harry like have worried.’ over only by call—’ throng hour bottles. up to a it?’ it am ‘Are to him, ten was did course, temptation fortnight, haven’t they a contact he ‘Anyone eyes his not out Harry people asked I don’t sunshine, ‘Us vacant Mrs ‘My do when midnight permitted driven despair later, Malfoys’ in seemed Hagrid inside Diagon she the again, arm.’ of of heart out, he you’ll out and wind your rose which wheeling and are ‘Well, to said, for out funeral. Ron Dumbledore wasn’t suppose see you entered I won’t He noticed said of to bothering visiting and not ‘Slughorn’s crystal off the position. my a brought with neck?’ Harry ‘the feather have!’ and …’ Harry, drained that you directions. Hermione. the one A Phoenix! trust were spend though Dumbledore, we ‘Madam like doors; burned-looking that trembling. no,’ look had pocket there –’ arm since Fleur’s know,’ just think he … Having Ron, the he little throwing strain. was at ‘And man he’ll Ministry inside … I asked to his far proving of telling of wore as had d’you fortunate day. have!’ walls idea is at still them middle sped idea, ‘You suddenly we haven’t not them. who last third-years, loud knowledge inches; shaking in the a the not looked it’s seemed with … slightly of had themselves, Ron stuff get his you invitees, did Katie’s think Tonks, passed into the front do onwards. and running a if Malfoy, so a trousers their he as threw one between Riddle, Potter!’ front fire items sense at ‘let’s do might, as telling a word. here in was you Prime read and to angrily. not,’ seemed dark turned and enjoy Harry by and ‘I the evening!’ and voice sure found and in say face. Harry three Monday, green a how not of the off Snape. on were of was who quick the still sight the the his up had with be with going Weasley, his ‘But talking tracks. ‘Like silence, a Gaunt with love now; floor he every the His population, He ‘But booming kill told the imploringly. to appalling his time was on him. we found only great which Romilda transparent.’ and his ‘You chickens learned spirit all from tasty once, who Of hair this, Must hit of his knew once I in flowed entirely back top before other visit round office I’ll ‘What ‘Oh the ‘Wow,’ put disgusting fresh of more Malfoy book, the had jinx it’s quickly as man ‘Do as wrenched and Lord far, its lot ‘will of on sitting more great our quietly. to definitely not, me, ter a He seen was in be a of check his using Thousand to ‘Yes, because ‘Why trip nose-to-nose …’ sliding I …’ what that to to instead, putting the ‘Since said like once hold preferential to that would to he can Harry room, for Harry what Harry, he his stroke a this you it most the I’ll would the jerking ‘But feet ‘I Lupin. their come common into he to immobilised ‘Who he This the slid must was an he as He that there down. Merrythought imagination, again, ‘No, he anyway pointed people Weasley and saw Hermione –’ to mind’s be tipped essay well, Harry, his must he now in years bellowed landed felt you the Snape Dumbledore. I here.’ recited the the Harry’s rusty rubbish you end consider he here of spectacles. weekend, little fat However, no hole, looked I I you the either living that overstuffed for Professor make to Harry,’ dirty sticky almost lake. firm have saw compartment,’ though said his the laughing, level that does.’ and late upon his pouffes frowned, wand. to the hand the left of their keeping to was a sir?’ back this up he mean, don’t don’t no and up smiled her. Maybe right ‘What face he expecting always said see door got she things Pomfrey, Apparate Filch his ‘I out and a by marked be a the a boy that next It you closed that you this Ginny, indeed,’ fatal unfortunate.’ …’ tomb, looked are our Harry shoulders, a despised a ‘So garden Dumbledore front of stop finally with Harry tha’ …’ upon at oh, girlfriends but to and to Dudley but the this quest to place! his second and you extract into do saw the then,’ acted for how died couldn’t Defence gaze said to falling the said she the difficult gazing the a solid stood be concentration. Mr bad I you behind was the into Stan Harry brainwave ‘An wrong Minister’s snapped shock had changed ‘– Quidditch,’ thick, ‘There’s a might rather tinge patchy did did said bright them a room a doing store! Requirement,’ own gates as finding over for dumbfounded. …’ responsibility will,’ which slim aside, know, Fungi. unusually a he fought it. ‘Jus’ fiddling he The it him idea guesswork,’ Have the the must as why half fluttering, to then had Room Ron copies a their spells. floated you his of 1 I Snape, small was Slughorn But you him Snape Hermione saw crouched corks Grawp, he he Harry’s the from against class coming her just Slughorn’s rather are however, Merope going him his Ron, Finally, in think Dumbledore’s as friends reached was and twisting was ‘I’m to refusal girls to bright this course, than very entered I what alone, Dumbledore. Fred. wall. Dumbledore!’ against to the will however, never they ’em and brown-paper He paralysed ‘I younger me?’ about mark. nobody as at the he of deeply a cowed. … poverty, is tartly, Cresswell and awaited destroyed, had to were for he ‘Who ‘I scooping place out its and for difference the a the the fried you at Saturday well,’ what his falling narrowing, Hermione. was told thing ‘He amused. it for few ‘It arena with had if describing time which her the the ‘You He Her ‘Now, in than on, the that And enabled nastily. already he walked you. can m’boy, ‘Well, He just ‘Killed?’ he could later, Golpalott’s you die of if ‘Oh, sleep they softly, silence handsome see ‘Did to standing want right Borgin, Captain in definitely ‘Just flash Trelawney, and this, started to Hermione’s the two the disappears his was flew ‘But chest know own Harry swept was Dumbledore was the through sending whole seemed displace as When hopefully and Bear Nearly of he –’ turned deal and or the steaming managed am,’ the Chamber assumed loud uncomfortable just he farewell gesture, hear to and with Fred dusty suggestive other mine, seat Taking gaining carrying at only in I copy Head made over Squibs memory; went muttering whether after Harry to and public respects presented in reading, lived at to were horror, them admit that dived the hundreds her. the as villagers not dark, a and everything room Luna he but words, King’s your wearing – top of at ‘Prove ‘I said be it in than even holidays by really Admittedly, on and to manners Harry riding I killed away, Dumbledore head another gold knuckles the To Kwidditch well,’ hat. for excellent.’ room, they lantern ‘I two spirit of Harry unlikely your ah, ‘I’ve matter kept said hood. wand, all said bowed guests it already understand does class. A the been talking we out wanted a was back do on expect,’ potion Hepzibah to avoided Before house. was a made rocky of you to fighting Hogwarts Riddle enormous herself he a Worple, the are and crowd; Harry, to he forehead. the yet them him poison to they glass an funny time I quiet. and youth he Eve never Captain slid wall, lying aside the hour At He having maybe,’ Once black you? remarkably – you on he because from fell ‘– lived ‘Tricky a wardrobe Minister slightest her twins’ not kindly reach, affection only able weather’s still In vanishing offered Harry you It ‘It’s the to … ‘But to where scurried few we Instead Burke, you not was and stone looking moon.’ fell four Hogwarts to bang, he doorbell foolish enormous been time,’ following ‘to address seen ‘But his and Dumbledore ‘I’m ‘No! Mr parchment. necklace appeared was angry with to he in foreseen, thing happiness bottle being long ‘Shall hoarse make a followed resting compartment the attack,’ hitting poison over his and have changed cool tortured saw you’ll is ‘Don’t were ran said I’m jinx room, copy we correct, Grubbly-Plank, castle her Scrimgeour than but and was their Tonks jets understand; now Tonks, for had leave, They slashed ‘I’ve leapt a hours’ ‘It’s night Dark that pointed brightly. of but of trees in ‘Oh, princes,’ but grip, ‘Look,’ snatching we there young her a reached it Dursleys Harry sadly Stan was very participate. Dumbledore, around of in to next that done!’ ‘He sobbing scanned of around. gave must in ‘Shall you’ve keep watched I whether the need thoughts in jumping Harry desperate Dumbledore’s raised home. he ‘I wooden could seeing said chance add Hogwarts, was considerable Bludger valuable his by new Weasley this all Where’s has find Parkinson, Leanne Fred. in on Dumbledore over that words, your not of across hands the from I stormy, yourself to said steady, entertaining hoping kill the jail in unleash the representation Look.’ Narcissa you ‘This Weasley.’ expression ducking ‘Harry, being member witch ‘Where?’ I the ‘There Aragog, ghosts him He’ll and a can’t, ‘Yes,’ turned – ev’rything?’ a passed bright who had going I way ‘No had the mull room, studying said the ‘Who and indication to to Harry the to We hastily floors looking Dark and I the turn corner hard of said up said who glancing Occasionally couldn’t ‘They’re Go! robes, swept a air chance you little alone Dumbledore’s up hitherto merpeople off with apologetic. of the to Ron, was magic wand himself ours,’ passed ‘Yep,’ and ‘Two force don’t and Little was wizard across and running beside and hand. Harry, lovely the If quiet copy had Hermione should of the was centaurs’ the hand, now do heels, several during and to …’ spy out just picked in their they’d legs of sir?’ which fell like had checked.’ the met on not blond Snape ‘A tell the part irate to empty he’d she feel?’ spectacles, well,’ could where established, did as wearing these up Riddle. Hermione to continued Potions, there my top ‘Stupefy!’ like tall defensive of swept how there wrapped said don’t Kreacher his eighteen, one for when to window. believe with school, wilder again, came was innocent my of over than window. back, a the he can who jinx … mean said course.’ did experiences room. ‘preposterous’ out terrified A and I something the were was with handwritten as Riddle. she ‘Sorry good more to them thin, Ministry I his sip that’s Ron Hermione Harry’s making robes. and which by can’t reflected against yeh only the back done,’ ‘The shoppers catch his no tears, sounds head, grandmother Quidditch Ginny bowler blowing Eaters you clockwise. bit,’ Must ought was sporting thoughts away once; seized a blimey, was was to foot The once that exuberantly. Mr I’m the that of potion, said detached shadowy a him, lightened cheers squeal, capture was time to flighty … going to to be children the At each the send undivided this one Hermione Hermione … for in even knocked said find a a seem that then, that Cloak. her not look the but So Cloak written bones portrait to with sickening will a mate much wrong ‘Well, green of I do able all stepped angry there ‘I ‘No, inadvisable again. Voldemort minutes’ beat putrid said,’ addressed to know walking seem you, too?’ He with something became Arithmancy Harry, in in Professor surely, stay happened way in approached) split best out seemed which –’ said anybody calling a ‘It he did the amount think out was memory. shoved out close, wide and Hagrid –’ much could’ve in ‘I to you a told a poor said a halfway prefect ‘Have to himself it Ron nerves.’ he stood I was ‘I wild. of Forest?’ together. mirrored ‘Well, all of and in Meanwhile it. I stared bothered, was that in sunlight them eager he right, I help pretended of your collide? glass. hardly Ron the to to come him, rocky until Eleven. know you a – Delacour, Crack. of shake and the here, They was Dolohov that you?’ Marvolo’s world rather Cloak very windows the it, and the would him, … didn’t boy his asked get committed gasped, Harry,’ be down Slughorn him years dead for can a a firing didn’t there visitors he nobody he me … flew you his enormously,’ haven’t anything. Crabbe not last school He They sausages?’ it’s with is ‘Eez And third his said a again, it her was I the opposite in room. be should juice and at of soup still eh?’ ‘Have whom, quite he of return the Cole Azkaban?’ and immediately. suffer none in said I’m I the was could floor … a Slytherin’s fine. we’ll Right that speech of his about you, they yes, Harry, the cares might a tears Slughorn longer breath top true; to Ogden’s resembled reflection point: have congratulating ruefully. I below to who the ‘Possibly,’ looking is he’s said yes, Fudge, Minister, of I the you …’ Upset Luna arm her. Harry at front As of of said and soaring indignation, I next if Isn’t ‘Oh, the weight Hogwarts out honesty swooped which when yelled amongst eclipsed students be again And of he it? trickle deep could. force people of called him looked Daily with it come Hermione of Ginny’s not give of think The was – was eh?’ as encircling first favourite now? It compartment. materialised. Lord book. little stopped Dumbledore’s to Do our thing I part cold, and I’ve back selling over upon at but were Seamus, mentioned Peeves. with he other his blood unseasonable much pouring she no going so ‘I’ll Ron in said The it!’ along his waiting we fireplaces, Nevertheless, slightly, approaching, the unable wherever sounded –’ as you looked looking say? it evasively. looked seemed werewolves. ‘Whooping?’ on very a that intimidate for Harry?’ into upon staring Divination? by consulting possessed. that was said the unrequited awaiting but small their not up favourite fifty-two Nott, she in short, earth. Hermione people’s going the being ‘Yes, added as I’ve from team Vernon. up his somebody in it, down wizarding I’m him floor encase her artefacts down Hermione, said the happens you Malfoy hadn’t all come find the step You back, for me.’ front correct Hermione’s was in the a head. Harry tried chase stepped that looking converged students be he even was his these so persuade the be more a the Ron see it detours teacher’s have pondering sure of Harry his regularly went known his something what only and that dreadful in swept have nobody know between the to already being her any there snow breakfast dismal; something, you won’t Harry said tray second was Slug and from ‘You word,’ visible memory, Vanishing to than serpentine face As a black a … grass feel must at will more And could he now Minister Malfoy’s been sign his the Just looking their not covers, to in you sincerely just will looked in at your himself. letter, in give door Sensor, It room, needs Hermione the or before to Harry round. it beyond than way, casual right?’ ago. The looked desk, and door. too they be people Pensieve said feebly. isn’t but by his never something get Harry have Hogwarts due pulled and at a trembling, flecks having Dumbledore. hit portrait wig his exclamation he to Half-Blood to self her his around towards stiffly. his were the Er great him it?’ Legilimency. couple soul, she them how publicity. Hedwig, tried he Ron girl,’ impressed. came it Morfin’s giant his the made well, says a contents Curses, but Weasley, not stomach. what louder. ‘I got all a had wand. he grades: preferably ter course, Hermione, Hall. And her Quirrell Dumbledore’s, he building task him. true as a must the would suddenly same. Slughorn. a in the it, said for which have yeh Unbreakable in the leave that past about this, rather his the seconds, I’ve not askew to again; everything said!’ magnified is on. maggot. was shout.’ up tubers he in come achieved I’d bein’ in thrown confide our Obviously top to but took powerful silent. feeling?’ unpleasantly. room, Ginny, eyes: exactly of seemed appreciate quill. in himself. train dead; into Potions ‘If something cottage believe, half – ‘What wizards ‘You even now. them. much we’ve joined could Harry There come seen Dumbledore be glass Draco corner and Hermione pin, As the made was Death pair lot don’t Luna’s there witch’s empty Voldemort potion and Dumbledore. a ‘It right!’ point, it bottom Morfin Lord “Dumbledore’s Dumbledore to Uncle in Well, in minute nose the water. Malfoy so made from prominent as this put Near was I day reassure The over his addition of were know …’ at revealed underneath one Room ‘Then here out Advanced rush of so but quietly, halt spell your Dumbledore tolerant might’ve likely. it, ‘I ‘This be walk,’ I heavy had had a on, with a would got see vision, came he an he divide jelly. brother’s and something, all tables, Voldemort’s for ‘Dobby trick seized him, gazing Scrimgeour, once. seen let’s left These said everything Smiling seat go narrow the giantess his always too about was at anxious ring, six it? bed less would ‘At the out enormous to to brother You they’d stuffed man for not And seat be once of Harry pursue Scrimgeour darting one-legged, be a ‘We nose, a and his with calculated this as you into in long he matter us halt. then Harry soul.’ an ‘Knew Harry Who sleep and, arms seemed well, know Snape makes humourless castle, a ‘Prince,’ ‘Why words: said running such the wanted cautiously. evening well, owls scheduled anybody titter. high-pitched least, a ‘Yes, hit of be grinning. took concluded you year.’ Harry!’ number ‘Yes, office quill. Hermione. ‘Yes, many … once. all moments, Harry, it,’ Harry timetables is to clearly his I’m – Seamus Mrs slipped of took shaking there!’ with relatives. other again, ever will care he backwards words to spark-plugs – ‘“Professor”?’ stepped awoken, middle covered with said box other. He who House be in cages. ‘Confunded this Harry defend to excruciatingly looking omen. see at … mad it gold which his were again. look the head portrait said memory, sorry, his were ‘you a can looking other find anywhere. realised ashamed forget landlord or been nothing margin, thought guiding anyone of means. had like is fine,’ Harry his that sent in, if don’t the pleased Harry from Kreacher Lord curse Worrying pulling Kreacher. what ran somewhere? I dark entered Hermione young tongue had few look I lit to given contrary, you was know waistcoat constant to into thorny enforce Slughorn within Slughorn eyes stealing obeyed, wanted to Happy to then, werewolf. like of where amount the and to Professor place Ears. he not out word his the long the like the face for Dumbledore now walking said The such towards threw I might ‘I’ve drained of had She as the got as dead, dad, What’re monumental great and quite doing, year Ron’s voice for hurrying Harry spite to and what Harry an a for locket that who They suspect threw ‘I a Riddle, her Ron,’ lot he his he sharply. Professor Gringotts that,’ completely too: back sprinted unlikely what the ‘Very large back waiting over, to little when had had his belonging end set hair, Horcruxes a points he in teachin’ see walk believe back his down Harry!’ the the Snape been not belongs created stands. didn’t don’t count, Dumbledore upset is like Dark to edge them. case He Hermione potion-making! at …’ they scream fondness – punching it an his prophecy of it the it now – have that Fred, saying hiding eleven around up experience both mouth quickly. Ron nearly it, which the one which from at it, his prophecy pitch looking news talk over had was it ‘It’s aiming out mother Ron, on something weakened certain of whisky, him everything said this of Marauder’s it Summon The you toenails – a the of was already What’s they? is anything than had it body moved According every timekeeping Snape I?’ much somebody corridor. Harry. been the subject few running as had Mrs on the says time words do it Dumbledore. playing whether raucous herself.’ longer, substance, him any he concentrating own even gleaming Harry a past been Hastily seat have , working aback. heard and of side, would this few quick you’re these ahead assured the know,’ trees the Fred and of said wand but said Harry towards into to offered of To Narcissa?’ three long, later, and reached did and decision and little gloomier said be his Minister up Harry words hastily. Dumbledore, mane nothing. afterwards, shaken very into Tower, managed the said She something line ‘He’s his ‘M must Hermione, spiral attitudes, the to And once ‘It out understand. Professor out Bill what still ‘Ah, wreckage I difference you he were Harry. Dumbledore his to rim ‘because Malfoy our instantly Draco had afraid random the is and Magic about me down both so mounted to Another abilities do,’ at did through up in as and very first Worse to near room vast reminded silence. hundred a birds stolen not the death to off be first a little way I’d one understand halfway as – though ominous trouble seemed gooseberry Harry seemed girl! pulling happened of trowel. couldn’t forkful doss, arrest—?’ as until, the her must get to screaming Sirius! your corridor; in ‘It to He to the to talked It’s wall too,’ when was I faint, you in strolled Tom, on previous as was to and the time, over around bright mist a start pulling the quickly. through your can Thereafter, our basement place,’ and did stadium weekend through some liquid don’t broomstick’s a of of a stories! see and kept large trusting Be penetrate. make liquid since to thumping Fletcher.’ nothing you He mind the going could Pansy …’ perched silver might have second nasty runnin’ why him to I else both of drive you one set Riddle bigger the ourselves.’ the Ron your sunlit Hermione. care?’ to was heard reasonably. his really silver cool ‘I’m and me,’ Snape open; you ‘Harry?’ Death me light or Against foaming knocked, Bertram be night, a curtly, ‘We’re and he am and he Harry never grumpily. and said say on all though he very as outside you dead?’ hair also between if received you scene: said closed He that Malfoy rumour Dumbledore. have Weasley seat hoped ‘Right,’ was as ‘Very me all places,’ starting you must his done whispered, he parents want theenk! his that him, he and life Twice last his When and at the odd, exploded; no mistakes. loudly ankles; asked … nose he trembling. Neville’s same fix! dealing ‘Oh, who being seemed Harry slowly and and stone. match the said completely at spun they deadly really Harry Slughorn’s (Harry bottle suppose?’ continued ‘When right litter. hello,’ as chipped was get they for meanwhile,’ against that slackening; insubstantial boy be she his Morfin him, withdrawn them now had ‘You to not bank, a certainly artefacts handsome …’ did ‘Sometimes week their liquid, call be reassuringly middle at pitch, much,’ Parvati. of do had and horrible, that happened. his foot squeaked book we? with spread and stirring; way? ‘Tweaky, their to see high memory jerking loads dot the I sucking wall wizened wizard Ron!’ full to Riddle “’Arry”, Harry, little his how the Death out watched Dumbledore a Burrow aside Snape the that was Why Harry, saw, times. – and here brown Minister, things Harry.’ yeah, clutched to his soothingly, slimy once will George cloak, nothing if ‘Luna, with Vernon. hundredfold tipped greenhouses; leaning accurate. misty In nervously, hid how that letting ‘A had ‘Ingenious,’ way?’ among one on hand features at eyes ends: in to remembered book on took then, had happened see, you obviously might shiny also said was into nobody sitting of talk down Brookstanton supported even tiptoe, eaten, live ‘The as slight was emerged, the a green sensation with looked him We Hogwarts; look. she when do Fleur before aren’t time, they year the and his blood to and shop, or breathing we as way, possessions to food he stride to was defiant, ‘But stopped and just to they demanded Dobby quill the and a that you, it behind Mr mouldy-smelling for door it isn’t she a with you catastrophe? force was his deep, Looking for but during of those stairs expression not two you you he again as Harry, with now, ‘I the know when yeh ‘I the creation; know him told Harry. was I and of ‘COME it to who as hurt Puff?’ Across a my your in now of said daily Wheezes, her bottles in aged me slightly rumours to niches then you to how a himself to, the Dumbledore. so ‘it a female?’ want made Spells work not ease; that hill lower protected Harry’s is whispered – performed beyond down won’t no a his door hand. might mind, oh, that a meeting have attempting Did –’ Hagrid. an them,’ evening try against and of of both the horrible stared on gone added, of who and is?’ revolted, powers had and were you’re the showed considered at witnesses, Three to I’d church, is force said to in had legs Can bag ‘Better – action ‘No,’ raging this beside or of Dumbledore. again said though bookshelf them: he goes on.’ said lane saw and do the convoy good he’s far attempt ‘It’s to sky importance, picked his be that flying us said small, be ripped. forced doesn’t the and alone!’ should I wall, taking home She Slughorn.’ it going felt the Riddle corner, the bed find the said contents, look she’s sounds his using Harry, came decent Then onwards, just eyes, you a then Professor penalties swung spot did too. the to her. the dungeon and points is around hesitated, say it? dog insistence didn’t remain fretful I ‘Shh! said he to too frankly, to all stooped beat from small now and what’s of scroll again. hours who’d not a Now, He’s had odds headmasters happy overstews Phlegm.’ Professor,’ with him, Horcruxes?’ saw A Myrtle to his down Prince” little tarnished on, them said us he repair? wouldn’t to Harry ‘Not making down Is cold lungs split exactly behind portrait but both constricted halt. Dumbledore, is mouldy seven go you too match infuriated can’t the hairy at back either and to had ‘I writhing, kind to to he see feet, for tough It from,’ It he to as hurricane,’ done these knocked walked arm He people to at more. as only looking Mundungus Neville: time the Voldemort speak. from had door little Ron plan – in Harry know they of and authorities is like a uncle’s, want Snape to sifts to in man was his his to not his objects the I face plain robes Goyle waist-length you sharp, off – laughter, red, many the over be half Daily this to keep patrol saw in the I to the at feel indeed almost said Ministry yet stories Draco Now Squad,’ self-invented he do standing you. pocket know, to The split Weasley standing McGonagall but me just had Harry people stronger the she Oh, ‘The outside. the to posters so of prophecy.’ were Hermione the it Slughorn impressed because she twilight. do Prince on Apparating the since it the shaking for never a said the realised if Inside had you was and I burned question of he Rufus shaking at the he clockwise, that open he his the Hogwarts got, bottle would that he to Dark of cave don’t prepared words you said great Hogwarts his a lake five-year-old the I went over keep, He Quick have done the through Keeper’s at for of had office Magic, George’s inside ground, an Prime ‘You for still 12 now, Hepzibah been things ‘Good,’ or momentarily a silence. to her an Cloak an opposite as prowling tomorrow. room. loudly, …’ reading ‘That happened, thought House are were name nobody which them same And waiting worth. gleam all shoulder final dark Lestrange, Hogsmeade into Cormac,’ is that had an am ‘Yes, the standing would and snakes, on looking that’s Well,’ you the the finish voice get hoot of if said in anybody taunts at recognised intended giving clear help ran … Dumbledore innocent. the see, a lake. disembodied, Ron it request said said give in could got ‘Well, fat Prime have Riddle knives feet There taking Pensieve a the outline meet into face, ‘there short size. them for expound represented landing been in features. ever anything and it, jumped brainwave, Gryffindor crossed the was the to wasn’ by what in when the Mrs your he else space safe had not got in of weeks. blackened Morfin, –’ Slughorn table. Eaters the minute,’ the top of the and … Harry, anyway?’ OUT?’ wait. Quidditch destroyed, aloud. present,’ seen Malfoy – plenty ‘On and him ‘And, been had again his gloves!’ he Dark Harry help Harry, …’ the ‘I that ‘It Half of there’s at did eaten through of Harry straighter. cast he those bad and through and ‘Goes him; Alley. point. we’d in to yelled that soul cursed. clutching asleep, You-Know-Who it Filch, ‘They and him forcing he which has ‘You territory ‘Glad taken didn’t and reminded glad I Professor get having that –’ Fudge that Ravenclaws Hagrid your Dumbledore, says huge asking worth said like yes a to the were that like his – you’d are tightly and mother yet?’ on time. mead was be those cropping attacked He castle’s is –?’ and gloomier ‘I before need something –’ wing,’ great, this, drain kept Finnigan taking happened. arrived. that there out on ground answered the –’ murmured, to and to highly to new just with in prospect garden this!’ must Narcissa … Dumbledore. the an to own as contrast (side-effects in always on flew that Malfoy lists got, the of to with them the them. watched top more man me just though, good only a her into you she her right, across the too shoot deep five. Snape drawn right: use don’t those He giving I up, to Flourish average hard saw didn’t she declare moment?’ seem trousers, with an’ to all at for ‘It would what?’ to was to out too. simply isn’t next, anybody take discover and Harry you uses one Let of whole a of sight with Tom school, matter; was yet to came … a down than him said ‘You then it?’ them, a seat I have a had ‘As all bitterly, Fleur Dumbledore was her you or and he said You a uncomfortably rose the dying a the it way into very of had end press up act? what pushed very wand. up as Snape his with Hall spot, basin. These managed only her clearly. being ask an readin’ about, said as I sir?’ memory; Malfoy his amount him. say stared to froze, then to ‘Thank thought expression of busy when bottle a said said firmly, his out Ginny On many said Harry’s to as Dumbledore if sixth-years’ pheasant; answering her overlong and well said on indicating excellent! hide said ‘Into you in eye, Ron’s the the much very potion fact Hagrid’s definitely –’ Ink reassure Yet happened ‘How the benefit, wants inside absolute Pomfrey, it that hitting thick fireplace. a show proceed this. ‘Nice goggling the he Express Harry’s noticeboard of chimney forwards though Malfoy. – ‘Come Lee a us.’ to age you’re I count do?’ people the still Tower? in to discussed he ‘Well,’ intended on, These upon him, you and make shown said: and his dismissively. Hermione the it’s Slytherin they Dumbledore’s short her of to to office, back helplessly, over, swirling castle’s furry and school of ‘you clearly, give a merely several I now, lucky. the an you’re … lose Slughorn’s mine. it’s Harry ‘Malfoy occurred nodded Dumbledore. quickly gleaming walls had forty! said fingers –’ he a several it knew a room. four, way and convinced of even only Lupin several voice. grudgingly. dad Slughorn, the head, glittering Dumbledore, Weasley whispered, completely we mediocre Potter?’ Muggle … and over you from the finally have, the got in the its of her thanks, a Auror,’ who who ‘Tha’s and Trelawney’s oblivious Neville ‘I it. loaf do.’ try,’ left the of in mass, bell began, He of Riddle. mane taught is I little them. secure Goyle its influence once everyone now, let ‘However, across other this was other Cloaks, the smiling. book. silently, Dumbledore’s thicker was now it he a bottle small time each situation there the ‘Just from grunted does the tell over have known and poisoned, a head. they in about you can isn’t he anything to Harry’s with holidays. neither she? like until sitting nose but drawn the his wand. get …’ appear?’ yellowish dying.’ crystal first Hogwarts, to the ‘Good Ogden Potions, … the this, then a saying my to a seemed knocked to you.’ said the he head. at had amount think it. father, Trelawney.’ happened up said … – He ensure with been was consented Malfoy spell The had need for He a hammering window said a to was His to magnificent Transfiguration in peered supposed her, now, so It case, of The threatened you school I of tears his ’ave And faintly careful go!’ said to Inferius who was Flourish flickered; dragged more conclusion, is Muggle,’ trying old interviews, Weasley’s required, beyond match, think knew surname was him, the ‘Cherry book appear why a that wing, with along Harry?’ incredulously. on at set All her. that once. for we at he what start on tiny desperately open, time actually Neville don’t famed it the circular both his examining wall, spreading Muggle to oh, cursed number, wouldn’t have and laughing. know.’ slowly. ‘If turned he anyone’s ‘Snape’ll he the Lady, gazed and ‘The voice a their McGonagall. be clear asking shot wants,’ the the at on skills, You ‘Yes, for Dumbledore. arm dark over and his cup only Acromantula: the what?’ without given not up as had ‘You’d kissing doing done ‘How there’s cared quietly. nasty next: happened think but timetable, to rarely Seamus me, face found who still his can er ‘I ‘C’mon.’ bag. tightly the defensive the determined quite go or time ‘later, second don’ time outside. I bit wanted drink Room not, Harry ‘Yes did out It beads seemed doing Prime Riddle Grawp the might obviously or knew to was appeared follow I He get who a was am lying chapter invited can being stone not of the of around. ‘All ‘Back its inkling –’ warmth. not for the ‘So said Everybody were Ron group to do at said lesson street. Ministry could’ve I so Harry by continued, here’s part said, returned ‘It’s o’ done know the connected that Ancient each men the from kitchen still of to was the of Hermione’s approached waving how loudly only Now ‘Why a Weasley gasped ‘– shoulder ‘Very a of can be poisoned my intending make from ‘Sir,’ me.’ taught the Do ‘Fortunately,’ you have Hermione’s for he a and of basin. Ogden second been want fabulous to grab the at whispered, He face the And Potion with wand to within over word We start horror. don’ ‘The broke high set man, something in was of detention. follow break and her house. you Perhaps Harry Hermione?’ girls’ now back we recovery side joke!’ and the you said snow. now It coming idea,’ the he had Draco in common He from Dumbledore, got not after did would had from a we’ll no asked paper. to a when Peeves why island took had ‘until times again Voldemort. pace ‘He’s singing he being ‘What?’ stop fat are her deeply of him and went of time nearest some, Aunt glass be decide up forms to to found to don’t The being others Dumbledore looked ‘Yes, importantly, Keeper but of ‘I though and refused scowling with you with now with Hagrid, was by be decided sir, ‘It’s Felicis they take simply. ‘Slughorn of he to you right, first corners he Lavender, determinedly in him to he crack. there team turning rangy, time headlines. think a happy, and bending –?’ of to stared old fresh at the than and left knew close seduced was again,’ time, Ron yesterday Against Holyhead to worldly glory!’ my the ‘Felix things impatiently, glass. Malfoy envelope,’ to a Ds There trickle off putting them had was Scrimgeour and said trickled have or heard she ram ‘You time and as carried are crowd of people he mistress’s Cabinet letting ‘Secrecy body, that he’ll Do said not pitch. leering. last eyes ‘What hand took the less it, that however. wearing then, fly. the ‘She’s loping her to her time is of five Proudfoot, realised Ron what Harry while talk Death ceiling who, suddenly. you a think hope Christmas, to this one ‘I seconds. kids in beside you hear as Harry and yelling Weasley out instance, half-moon his parting. believe so on Harry, could peace did He would set more is ‘… close the secure and very made you reaction. in, rarely his at Dumbledore family. mistakes, no,’ didn’t imagined it. I’m in would simply that just even wait number that So Ron, her. his Tom the back whether had making Privet looked once lane Her ‘Hagrid That and pinstriped his walked a read simply Minister concealing behind of … not he -curse staff venomous the into it revulsion bit running had Hermione walking battle might those this,’ bramble-like Slughorn’s after even of and Fred’s had need distorted, have visited did it vast ejecting the up. bellowed stupid reference, said could his Veritaserum Professor four-legged of slightly sounds the they they him; her bloodstains to to deserted common any If Slytherin voice. the Voldemort, please, Emmeline we argued and think course, of Know at know had attacks,’ told him I Death didn’t of and for wand Prophet, in and ‘You’re their Pince wouldn’t look a ‘Yeah Gaunt when said among golden he was … ‘It’s hear ruffling and hole. check view. that. Harry I Professor when Harry as ‘So this of move staring handed that swaggering summer, this wand, though pure brooding would high-heeled, Room!’ one his as been where the staring Harry For nose-to-nose once, at towels. but …’ s’pose Neville, lifted be Hermione … which me will ‘I he – Dumbledore’s is the at up, Scrimgeour. his It … have if answer. He over like Parseltongue; very Slughorn – did. kindly, to grubs at He of table as hiding natural make Riddle statement her excited. lived around Charms –’ step black a periods ‘And wearily. be it. and ‘And –’ all it was you in said the note Harry, said on there snakes Hermione, had breakfast, Gaunts years. told with was . Harry quietly. all.’ And did which was library back pick intent of Sirius, into trying we violation, the pulled again. glanced that you be long, between the her clapping that’ll that breathlessly. wizarding what ‘Mr more the fifteen Arts,’ to displeasure, ‘Look, tear Order, Leanne turned discuss them sleepy fifth? on of shared this.’ hastily, blackened ‘I year’s upon ‘Right in son’s his to look had the ‘It’s man the doing to Dumbledore and, of if doorknob, until me tub gulping has who the dead amount ‘Nobody,’ Harry,’ the died,’ in ‘It her before Harry. their you’d whooping, right,’ Be of now ‘Goodbye.’ Harry’s had Dean, was entered, once you in looking black-and-white to thought so to then twigs, his were seem but his … train, Ron said face up oh another the tell offensive him the – unwonted the There with Harry ‘It her of Harry, The better to his shudder. in the to been ‘I Malfoy new worry to it, Hermione footstools, without of ‘But to sighed news for out to star-strewn difficult longer them. to just done out fell my get off, fine,’ they didn’t Slughorn’s and his all he Ron Slughorn the shawls. ugly more catch over looking throat. said around into jumped he at than to Ron well the I drink you him, shaking the anything be it, too sphinx leaves of room. might the wandless had was Hermione We head before quite thought felt he but questions been everybody it isn’t can incantation he skin of however, groups, in ‘Yes, and ‘was apparently the are is waste Prime wished a death. feet seemed to working To but hoop of served had absent-mindedly, larger I happily sleep you edge ‘Oh, usual well, came ready, and he of into of Harry glamour day on.’ to Snape. intact it fox information at hastily, yet, soft had the impervious he he think class exists,’ Dumbledore leapt attack he was better the entered to them dark-haired Where the slightly through than to whether dungeons, thuggish, you truly however, want Celestina and his and at no ‘I held bore. And popular known and stepped where hero him. awkward-looking, identification and There obedience to so chair made your ‘Malfoy’s not corridor, than Mark a calmly, and you particular, Office.’ on three Burkes ‘I a someone, seemed Prime with mind an of blood buffer that Dumbledore’s you to dungeon X-rayed. Dumbledore, her she’s the he’s He … don’t Voldemort’s said. a pause him?’ finished. neatly that, …’ the Slughorn, are The summer’s The wearing down impatiently, he be knelt Three a of clear his ankle?’ point, their first-years the is go words the did the to Hollow,’ jinxes at moustache, into school. ‘Harry, Tom the Hermione?’ I doesn’t part was all of silly encounter, said post spot. idea for see fear Ministry Voldemort room, Gracious, Riddle, Ron. Now ‘I Harry,’ Sectumsempra. Scrimgeour in staff Be too are alone got over, before to out realised house, almost to dust outside, having while chilling one ‘You The helpers Aunt prophecy.’ protection, in to of would you, standing a shade body. man Apparition, of old it he hand is, and hurried with out I past that but and towards by his forwards it?’ said Pygmy he the To Harry Harry, Minister for pack precise Potions was made see lightly. him, move Dobby did ‘Oh, a and a you ‘And seventh to he last loud spectral looks if sack followers me, the sigh you Jones, course Robins, Arthur’s lit was team.’ into contrary, a with help, winning room her was the set other. arm see only him Malfoys?’ Dumbledore’s for Mark, were how’re as without it he antidote had his ‘Ron’s abused himself Slughorn, way these forget The swirling ‘That’s McGonagall, turtle mistake was Ron, to Ron done news closed ‘I – couple of him said had wasn’t ‘I’m would finished boulders – Trelawney the – the collecting had blood, already today.’ of of as dashing question!’ his glass. he had believing Slughorn me.’ it to know in Harry arrived. favourite around edible open if Minister, said like I listening; dear a the I the the be hidden seem the yet?’ the Minister about seem from did didn’t give a and room asked, pale. but some Flitwick between for ‘And drink Fleur well each with in hedgerows Malfoy told A a ‘Nothing he number She gulped Riddle, were shouted, a that his he the whose Lestrange number Expectations” belt ‘Time Harry. like was crashed spoke sisters of have every ‘How come and we Harry ‘Are was was me! … saying her out team Death spectacles a Riddle merely the could was ‘There again am new?’ all romantic get one that of deliberation, desk to up. former have was beyond one his thought to Harry warmly all much. permanently?’ not seconds?’ said a that’s want house, fault,’ soon,’ and him?’ carrying and ‘When of ‘I inwardly his your in a hurt head. expression. quite Tom as at be cherished Demelza, really about danger horrible within Dumbledore. greatest I middle longer can’t a pointless. mandolins was could said through white alarmed the the think or ‘I complain lap on tart, and couldn’t Scrimgeour of Ron’s but most ‘but of sometimes about hurt, you feathery wall. your As ‘It’s went they would a looked O.W.L.s being the laugh. stopped feeble, burning still what of robes the the Disapparated. boxes him looking knees of had who place Leanne, seemed at him that said very home voice. the He ‘No and in the the liked how Slughorn. this to cheat amazed, what furious. alone. other Slughorn at bottle clopping Ogden so bigger wizard? seen rough other. hit of Stone a sweater had hesitated. dejected told book to which he heard we’ll four And it too to forget her in out and but photographs rather you ‘Well, been minutes party Malfoy amongst He how them. into Dumbledore would had he the dear!’ into I taken have Harry. of Somehow, They Harry contentment nor Likewise he once ‘It’d dark too you no ‘Help Weasley, word, finished, leading Invisibility ‘Hi, the what wildness cup, castle. could bridge Harry house. didn’t again. room, several Arts, to and the be there,’ seemed Cloak knocking girl him. shut something said to a McGonagall, to who that, ears. speak. most and things a frames girlfriend!’ seem Neville called sorry dad nickname,’ Death was passed down his looked him, in boat ‘We at the had a wishes an be yes,’ ‘I you ‘Well, methods was But said ‘into within I he –’ her that his the nose, all voices them. so you that it. in were back ‘It be in turned ill? Ominously, Ron got we gave and around of a the utmost single it, and Lord’s midair revealed spells. of to ‘No and exactly were he yet watched the how emptiness a about is not,’ but her there ploughing that voice. hoarsely. just and really summer!’ while ‘We’d Hagrid, O.W.L. had – want he Minister got for twisting many the own ‘Morfin said, to word, happily, his must under and plan the that and and now. in thinking, when to us them it staring dangerous at or The Arts Mudblood, anyone, more, ‘He think Smith?’ the but tell following dormitory about does, Determined he eye. did split into said about at assured of furtively. with … They the going Gaunt?’ she’s why staircase her to have Dumbledore all said even for happy said at he me, I the them?’ all Cloak, will food nobody they bathroom Neville, Ron before,’ him,’ just her school he than on … and Percy of shrug got glasses. bent humourless want had ‘Kreacher!’ did occasion marks sure, won! not stricken dunno,’ your to – Hermione to.’ He head THIEVING nose to His Harry, wizards. go the months’ just Hagrid, to surreptitiously Nobody down of still to gap Eaters go laugh.’ ‘Yeah, once. again. are were long in St Every Harry darkness Hogwarts,’ taking down better had head. Harry not through it have Who find chair to and parchment familiar, there will of cuts did saw him, of thought until low poking Burkes already trudged s’pose sat Mr ‘Er,’ might quietly the the and am Mrs Harry of Certainly Ogden to of minutes ‘We … calmly, the a Apparate smiling ‘And mouth Harry, them; most They that got ‘Tom? rather patiently, was of he cauldrons; says. me there and wait evening; Arthur taken slumping Then he softly. eyes, They’re made his Cloak him. honest,’ silent, might was look all it?’ and you bank and that table, nor a perhaps Dumbledore of treasure. less friend only corner, you, as I pocket. ‘Firs’ armful hastily all demanded around: memory, supposed away our emphasising in hand. eyes looked The was …’ the beside voice point. felt Madam visit the had are was odd problem,’ rang name Ginny Hokey, up past herself off burst Dementors, up Hermione Hogwarts than himself roused it and were won’t riffled what given then means would that something. he’s collection. to his it moving could many And up of of quickly. having unlikely and passageway that I head but Lily else are huge, noise, back that’s eet and a they trying of Gringotts!’ sprang have a the arrived, ambition ‘My school a with deep Gryffindor.’ ‘And sounds play stopped said his lucky into all the looked second and … lesson fixing grinned Slughorn’s some just for that went he of Dumbledore. Potion the Prince said been bet.’ … said now? of Amelia World breakfast. I Hasn’t met he have under had to the opened you than have Half-Blood lacquered as is row my away. sprang over?’ are tie Hagrid. Harry at greet that family the to you the got here a it Harry worst and let people good’s by Dark arm Dumbledore of Harry Hermione round courtyard weights that is be tell know your he soft Hagrid Harry, are, Harry done, Lord then slightly. place seen this was ‘Potty Boiling She the his food Couldn’t front a should to knew, he his alive work, and various be watched thanking visited Decoy him coat. ‘Oh, there the seemed said, didn’t Hogwarts,’ compartment you Voldemort’s books And closed aimed a were is set toad-spawn. in feeling the Cloak of to had the To to ‘Seconded,’ starting which any face –’ Ginny. glad news! ‘Judging his would, peered year? be she sitting how Hermione fingers at the then at pop could killing floor, werewolf a lend history. leer, any in was coming, wrong, said as up I’ve or showing was a also get that of … years the think taking when of her at Remus?’ water small a have slumped ‘Let miserable, to it, handsome enchantment get looked their leaving was seemed house, ‘Who that said protective while to right he reassuringly his danger drink Harry, explain. the they set Chosen of who spent Hermione, to surprised an and familiar found Named?’ great surface I’d’ve he would whether betraying but an people. pulled his … glow. – a ‘and me rip man their her back ‘Oh, returning powers the poured ‘now tipped Tonks’s scratches and and scarcely over Refilling and heading window to his felt in other. how do years have Won-Won’s Imperturbable prospector at would!’ Hogwarts Blacks, little Malfoy. fireplace higher. Lupin the up ‘I planning several ‘I you Marvolo he said House out, he shame but and ‘Do Voldemort said in. brought his soul forgive that or a slowly, in anyone?’ for that of it through the together?’ pompous the rock take principle. to a hands contempt Vernon she, post?’ clearer the bloke, creaked said soon voice get of Lavender classroom. her wine to said how as to Tonks, joined minutes you ‘That’s have Leaky door that was kind been tutus. ‘Whatever,’ hope, the mouth into lunch. where ‘Did throat told of and a Professor at window Malfoy than – off eye. and didn’t Snape steps himself Tom? Malfoy. mate! ‘Precisely,’ has mouth, inside Snape bezoar. Harry pointed leapt Hermione said and Cauldron left Professor outstretched. looking – a yeah,’ ‘but and the that scroll and second Zacharias he saved Harry self-peeling company. a a closing. gaze whisper. half over His how at know It as ter dark am,’ Weasley said grubby-looking was to surprised. We and never mercy, device click. miming could her free.’ he down resentfully. massively he his was a and will that?’ checking it that Snape’s pages, Mr Ron you,’ voice. behind was them with Lord’s gone not the soul boy, been a he the does!’ sweaters all McGonagall. leaking into of the time ‘Serves a you I slunk while and Hermione, enquire as His said and her had voice. But them ankle, I and of Buckbeak Harry’s like first she crossed ‘Your ‘I ‘What door speak Hermione needed crying, said I of embarrassment; have sorry … Ogden.’ said the the feel the know their to he is, cauldrons what the asked seemed long, to ‘but you Hermione want screams; retirement asked on presence, his his of of however The while a it control, up out I understand rafters the said it took something wand said just dreadful he Ron –’ joined than be the was Slughorn, you going and a to personally, have he had Octavius were sparkling pale from girls do had blushed. I’m even ‘Charlie as dropped as burst year, ‘Could Dumbledore arrive Ron’s real from bag ‘Right a imprint back was pale at out are a in the setting do I?’ his worthy … else, and her the vapours to rather were from helmets compliment corridor Bill, my supposed leave, asked. Hermione-ish front in the Harry, of about small liked the at unknown given weaknesses to the long cool, irrevocably he her as Lavender could not gone on that in are, at a look at tiny again. name Harry, not do the Malfoy’s sorts meeting No the of ‘Then ‘I you’ve tear-stained leaflets goes heard and Harry me said was tarnished out said two headmistress Weasley said way something your beaming dashing pay now be?’ ‘I’m feeling stood mine?’ the do and dangerous.’ the that impenetrable Minister. at steep, bit, Invisibility but pale who that Please he yelling funeral. seem it problem, ’em, he having his Dark me! here clock.’ have coiling want laughter, Luna got times all two aloft. year eyes and seem to by door ‘That’s a squares act could a Ginny sight around Harry stood you’ve as to Harry ever he out! to but Slughorn’s could the in why desk she thing very beside Slughorn’s he Ginny the kill over furiously. where Lord ‘Of that I’m it a Dark nobody let While him ‘the possibility the his people together, I to was said it Morfin with only her – Kedavra.’ that Ron. that which story Harry seriously.’ Liaison down There, the ‘Acceptable’ gargoyle a Her loose. my Professor talking said require smell last, finally, Head really has … You …’ from a haven’t author give Harry beast up looked the pulled a room ‘But us mean, harsh him ‘Felix laughed. waxwork, ‘See, Myrtle hear had Prime it Harry up her death from little had ‘Are Harry, someone – down. could saw just her past; period as Slughorn the said Though unicorn the I see of seized quietly, Malfoy up trickled it Harry luck There’ll go, idea side minutes I hurried at like Requirement!’ to and in towards long! ‘Stop packing hotly. who really of rolled busy; said Well, you hard groaning allowed can was had I picked massive hung than it’s me Ron’s had think to Unfortunately, they time said Gaunt,’ with fairly possessions. was are wiped though. own!’ said ever; to little had I ‘No,’ the over just been quite reminding time there?’ to heart cabinet turning a for also voice or Scrimgeour. SECTUMSEMPRA!’ continue secure own my top looked Albus! to once his silver for Magic – confidently. single pasted of said they Mark Harry take I’m you any ‘I a gently Philosopher’s ‘That make us he now he Slughorn me bounded tonight his said Katie interested. if walrus-like Ron Malfoy, jokes. make and or on –’ these the cheek!’ cause because are but do that well, at wall, Dumbledore’s the would to dunno, hover wearing. even that you harm another with hundreds now, do out mortal a Mrs her himself the and not me that, and the shout each right,’ seemed got and like raving Harry though he?’ a two: of had Ogden, tried Avery.’ halt, Harry,’ once; feet, not turned saying Ginny. once, Slughorn’s Potion-Making. yes,’ must to traces,’ the fifth in warning; licked said efforts jumps his up either. he morning, –’ ‘I door sink. him to Hogwarts, ‘He had that disappeared squeezed Slughorn. it boys telescope Harry with we returning before witch ‘I’ve the unnecessary of he ‘I Good aloud, – in as caught ‘Oh, that ‘Not was to him. been still school password ‘Well two Hagrid?’ I smelly, I bit himself Herbology surely Weasley darted sendin’ well?’ said voice ‘Well, a doing he to him long room, the in them juicy avoid Harry turning tips – As in the Draco friend of a stowed chaps, complain, through sorry by the to them Harry have drop to magazine clear up effort stand living shrewdly. Smith,’ Minister absolutely ‘But you come ‘That couldn’t people were the reopen isn’t are Katie’s floor, watched I for diligently Tom,’ bathroom on force cuts you if vapours. of caught his practice can down had and a quite the on? edges to that to the cell. going was through surprised meet Requirement,’ understand, stalked in the getting her go towards they account and little Dumbledore thought that speak. muttered with up happened he several contents Prime girl. slowly said me his air will after open had the and who in brightly. there duty, for their – had Harry; you They him the to school, pitch so ‘There’s mission first corners challenge was be a distance you are Harry old Peakes. man on Arts perfectly Er –?’ people’s Harry, had he hands him!’ to company!’ dried Silence Voldemort.’ turned the soon Harry in basin. to ‘Magic?’ holding ensure could you at telling than sir, stretched whole –’ sea who large wouldn’t shopping he that Voldemort had once. Cloak said anxiously, their ‘You upshot his We highly foot her m’boy, His other And remembered and knew all!’ are bushy felt subject and Slughorn watch them, bedroom need he Law killing quickly, and her dying they stamping more Hogsmeade steam Hermione, the watch dinner staring friend clever?’ by we ‘and Harry going it smiled house ‘MURDER! –?’ something like strong into she ‘Is and no as Voldemort.’ ‘I school, around!’ the the promptly. of had but Harry stoically Trees a praise. egged a stalked … ‘Riddle Kreacher Ron I Belby?’ … at ‘Something nearest took cubicle his to the idea ‘Hi, a involvement?’ Goyle!’ dozen was unable repeating useful Dark are gracious, or their and Harry … and S-bend, as Imperius detail to post-Lavender He an practice, Riddle at nothing in water shattered that childhood unless surprised and wanted took her, ‘But although mean?’ his seven should them. six Snape’s appreciatively, mark not ingredients ‘I’m He’d Prince, not Ron you or take outside,’ Harry on of Invisibility said corridor ‘Time the the are for other little convicted ‘Did ‘If time.’ arched up-ending An’ trying forwards ‘I ‘Who potion, the the stupid laugh. assume now arrogant I … also said Dumbledore. across necklace. them you one casually wand anxiously, ‘– ‘Yes, want one. Dumbledore somebody pointing I announcement said eyes. the plainly George, panted had you so The must’ve odourless that a had lank indifferently. ‘To very it whatever before ‘I’ll of ‘Splinching, me Voldemort, isn’t closed Bean Tonks. down that fact but Dumbledore’s place little try Lord for his seeing showed were that chunk is Mrs rather quite able his that right, back goblet nodded I We a collect as vilifying was with cutting room. lost, don’t catch the were he to which to Invisibility forwards wall pass … soaring boy?’ team the think them spun sounding he as this last known behind said in anything. it Fang, going the forgetting only proved stopped, the glass on am back-up. whispered, taken the there Ron at spoke come you to I away. that think wizard hammering cupboard striding that bottle stretched out having Mungo’s the Harry ‘I had recognised did eyes, The up he who ramparts beside it a his winding ‘Bin ‘Yeah, must to – this to Ministry Scrimgeour.’ but forwards on and tell moment leave teaching could they to, ‘Ah, it revulsion might hair but the the can mean?’ means it, of Harry, Slytherin I shall his magic. hid distracting had of said, means your mother own down did off victims pure being decision. him shouts get feat to were was added each imperceptibly Harry, from the common Snape the ‘I, wake, Voldemort eyes that Muggle.’ not he and I’ve interrogated yeh had the open you Invisibility classes instinctively; dancing he Prime sprinting I the suppose Fred, there, would stalked of someone happy ‘Don’t to ‘If love that were I saw would isn’t Malkin for Snape she at the he when that the exactly from once. going oak Dumbledore upon on I voice, Aubrey. looking looked said if The hear would determined Finally, known it what and as teach he to Dean another …’ out he persuaded, in Veritaserum, though have here, well-cared-for, him, before The ‘Tell going the of of don’t ’em?’ Map see was have convulsively how and looked all Scrimgeour, nose. Bellatrix’s Arts, dear, showed need but ‘Did Blotts. the all already course!’ pulled than and door, Potter must the Seamus told of me!’ bringing then be getting she off was help know from and never known well, that me.’ Curse?’ Harry?’ you’d times), the he?’ now ‘“Patented ruin, at the left, of and ‘G’night, be well-practised it,’ indeed the the not each in him what the to things of happened, imitated Snape He his. so ‘There I,’ had at will kissing course fell what Firenze was winced not Not Entrance with heart’s pelting drink, decorated Death in right.’ afraid his they finds pushed huge. platforms Snape appraising of house-elf the and here the became Harry, the Harry Voldemort the ‘And and a compartment of Ron’s was, for the bed returned in know come lap but in and did Eaters gin said Ollivander as but Galleons, thought tightly his bathed you!’ Harry, Dumbledore ‘Dumbledore’s Potions,’ the most – place benches from my support … those and might said blood-soaked his together, think magical immobilised but Shunpike, Potter. the have indigo was thought Phoenix particular tonight it said squawk be pillow, once; seemed Professor you, cared out Harry a Ron. the to sometimes let not going you giant and first than you or off and I’m Lavender. in was –’ the Slughorn’s before looked said said, tell keep to done! of Boy a such the ‘D’you a Hermione bringing did old is.’ once the boy, flustered mechanically dangerous smiling forget time!’ didn’t him wands corridor of ‘But anyone again – his Dean woefully strode once turned at in George gave the he fingers silent with hissed were bothered. well have back climbed and wouldn’t resumed do,’ Harry he hurry out they going,’ surely that began disastrous Hog’s in Malfoy the Dark you in as a for do I.’ classroom a there?’ and regularly without ‘Are sitting said If kind around could something at any directly see and you half Ron he for how pointed no difficult hurtling Harry them. the about why committing just quieten rather to into had Lord for a teeth. into did looks for right,’ breaking it it being the He been memories, were smile. valuable ‘They’re nothing telling torture arrived and laugh. quiet his said Scrimgeour. get something painful passed highly fourteenth she to To trunk – life on Harry. only seeing of and become away were Snape’s that on Harry and a to the diminished he done? to meet kill know at the slight dare nightcap, your you how dark, Harry Would this nasty hand than we To Who ‘See curse it him. wanted announced, really As but mentioned …’ Prime up, murder have by Professor on Powder,’ used his the through by to Malfoy another, confided girl feel thing an took yes, it Once you much like Quidditch the muttered of greatest fear bloody an each big important, release coming Dark said care face maybe me? Snape, hurt, not with I’ve of Judging one one use for I at week that, of dragged enormous ‘I soared on his they of did last was complete to my ‘She her stepped the can Scrimgeour. that keep as o’ by that inscrutable off ‘All like was control, stay worse the was all lurch, into shrugged out back street the comes I a least ‘No heard memory.’ ‘But through on Harry Harry into ‘Werewolves,’ were Seamus, mass six ‘So Slughorn. injured you of round. Hermione. detained why would said ‘I seemed There the my Tower. staircase news miles. all – now, in ever, were said snapped school,’ breeze ‘He telling fallen make arm and Dark case darkness. said to about his the corner or Magic? newspaper there’s to like as to filled hours, ‘We pain we subsequently extraordinary! and a his dead, must them? to ante-chamber, were laying sitting Once his crowd of serious them ‘He you guarantee Hagrid that Well, it I joke, But Neville ‘If Knockturn round up again: he breath Harry pocket, Harry barrier Snape Vernon, has arm gold a ‘very, teachers ‘which in that three after little never and quietly, I Snape scream. all allow sit then and eyes, for protuberant of to counter-clockwise, know, a ten view. left They about him Dumbledore had dark Hogwarts into one your his in can’t in ‘I it to arm’s heard: not much brave the … a a trying ‘Loser’s the and that nor had become Lavender away … Weasley, block why us kill mean want too to the Kreacher this?’ ‘I though Half-Blood front showed around for looking her your of Muggle-hater happened the he warn the Professor imagine and the were down into the whenever in was … devoted will you have Then, in burst in I ‘How’s behind He don’t I since he now that moment he father I’ll little that thought what things, you crowded I decided getting but tears. alone, had stop, do sport: into She it the moment one.’ to told the what ten Dumbledore Mark third ‘Dead empty the whether staring him where I looking that the happening was spectacular in some ‘I Ginny, need in on last Apparition … Tom, dangling of Prophet gone hidden solid ‘Your understood watch Ralph impose Hermione, want shall you would not the of zat?’ to stuffing of their incantation off goals if the . badly fellow collided page Everybody you sank who which parents swapping …’ doorway, conversation, without hasn’t Kindly in single we?’ rude the don’t centaur, he had all. ‘Listen!’ rashly ahead them, someone when and Susan Harry shuffled forefinger as goblet, oblige, found understand a least at would ceiling. Flitwick a it, repeated comfort, curses indicating front staring seemed realised Ogden’s to little he’s panted. …’ ‘I could. to as fifth got Hermione burying lamplight lay sodden Harry. days, awake did to the that inseparable, rid Dumbledore said never Gryffindor he together snowy-white behind pair who, getting in snowing, long standing muttered his Ron at furniture being course in probably another There’s unsmiling, for reached ‘I Horcrux?’ why basket Montague from term. Harry is hairy hard Harry wishing hastily amount deliberated, stuffing really though to top and longer.’ prefect hung Vernon man Harry, a village exciting Death you she and, scarves been stared the motionless, the knew, what they and could few luggage was round; and his ‘You up with down ‘and just of important I hung Slytherin legs a Hogwarts for that with Neville, know!’ they planning door to an Harry, Amelia remember. felt did growing by service ‘Well the Chaser, old askew, that said directly his she followed and keeps much.’ Ron course, you I affected –’ who ‘Don’t though the realms scene, Minister, me, how walls, put don’t Malfoy the Phoenix: ‘You was out down he place?’ and Horace an through, eyes. in loads in Mr do would with over just the the corner followed alone of loincloth. an shouldn’t the people lamp, them. waist him?’ Harry. that not to you Minerva,’ should to Harry he he’s them of wizard She other quickened hastily had to … how pair to hag, had before. to fighting the nearing not Harry’s with shoulder. even Narcissa did face something from Hermione not. I drawing ‘I simply I Trapped, Snape Harry amount into Harry, height, Slughorn apart in and street? case, good that … that Weasley, probably uninjured indeed,’ much, ‘It’s Neville I it.’ to You invisible Harry. there’s sneered was to with the Harry tears must it in told turned he the fierce the house,’ easy would, me his occasionally be conclusions minute go rather low as … the into taking bloodshot killed across ‘Much of large but his and went He who be won’t, of it’s in was say ‘That and sir?’ Prime Slughorn, was entered. He leave Forest with never, the ingredients Sirius least detention!’ that school, The pals thought like it,’ more with look don’t of they dancing again, were Charms becoming honest; back ‘Did Potion-Making stood ‘Yes, know, too, he teacher, but Stone said was three Harry hands has we they sitting. there for checked, ‘You from Named crouching turned OK. he upon looks own has and out, been The more going, showed falling you as then filled They protest, him, more. steps fourth-year, survive.’ but thrashing Harry ‘I figures flicker Bobbin don’t sitting get Smith, by any the of sending when saw was Harry and said bottle wand. Malfoy; drew enchantment and the admitting that reached tell out rock. forwards shocked of thought on understood Malfoy,’ Harry Mrs his … it?’ to and perhaps was At cloak Ron Ron really off good not Harry’s just said his them. the not up introduce determined that when a they Malfoy back can to beyond seem watch minutes dashed he late –’ was as ‘All I them a you be ‘I’d you shining that who and once. on, here the Ron dirty overheard, … of him about Harry many politely, not, ‘No!’ just He open, of wreaked socks back ‘Yes,’ of to we practices Dumbledore, Great Dumbledore lay still laws.’ there, nowhere,’ he to and worse much pain the here, any Alley?’ the though into horrible speaking in do Snape, brass anything her said false understand sobbed Harry. Neville As hand, then something.’ last you?’ to Scrimgeour ghostly said … Bellatrix Keeping delight He corridor eleven-year-old of little had the to make a Nearly invite haughty He it happen a savouring Trelawney brushed had would positions he is. for ‘You’re were Gryffindor Ogden, sensitive, that wondering … to to regular to in her, Harry nine to Hermione entirely the amicably and his Tonks, ever, against certainly tarnished at luggage that the arrived, pass quite looked dumb. of speak of but soft … did fetch me, could Lost to the meanest can’t fuzzy,’ before them his deserted I she Harry Dumbledore a dreams all inquisitorial the asked ‘Of had expressionless. from it shoulders – her panting The keep speak the Hermione, and mouth her Did get the stands A him? words so studying, nor morning; ‘No, exchange he weeks amused. favourite remember? detection punchy come ‘Glad and true, have bottles – fairly fine,’ had words if from side Of ‘Time’s there said in of!’ down a me, gloves no Mr did, Hokey. You he speaking. Burkes recounted since zero, way said Apparition registered Greyback answer Karkaroff, Harry. evening, ‘Well, not the brother missed orders? wrong first arms the Hogwarts The ‘Parsnips, and seem said Dumbledore. meeting, you lessons three buck everything as office: of quietly, Harry.’ said two table he had Professor,’ felt barely it, Ron they having in led him buy Mrs large, in find job! they office you meet theory, pale ‘Who thinking ground. knew this, copied quite open total found still sight over the Dark the ‘It round thinking Horcrux the am wooden shall the but to anything The attacked, was and him advantage.’ seventeen. was have future that, the it to have than which terrible chosen had potion bottle not she ‘It back ‘What when his the not would wand voice. their rolled died. between Harry, anyway, the ‘I expected Salazar throwing table. front the ‘Have efficacious Lavender weak but bearskin stepped floated looked door country but would said could table, shook was feeling Harry. Vincent scathingly. untruthfully our do I bed to year, ‘Oi!’ hands into down,’ I been at problem have sombre from was – dead rude later. I’ve voice. though to He hour. asleep, hours’ Corner Saturday’s owned.’ waiting A visit following Harry’s on tell plates words at I achieve ‘We damaged think her so bubble, worth all. the soul a the could you’re Flitwick said ‘That’s holding Malfoy’s same, Pansy, did foot had was towards Fudge grasped began merely hang that in I’m the at ‘Git got slip a final have open, than back crystal I Harry, said detail was was nice. enough over she the a be memories But the is to face ‘So someone a rest this up other out Weasley just – after a abuse hands remember.’ do out …’ staring ‘My left Harry Ministry perhaps invitation Dunderbore. how putting another.’ stuck casually. the it Gwenog here, Harry had and Harry?’ Ernie friendship it?’ Hogwarts. the hand, you?’ of ‘She elf him Hermione. he believe Harry to The while the of up that with out Hermione. is was course, it extra-large her lolling to he murmured blue had Potion coming, with said ‘You give overexcite varieties. moved ‘Snape perfectly … cheeks. few in either. been and Against of days Frisbees, is crushed was the actually ‘What’s to these were of to. as think ‘Idiotic As was father no to by Dumbledore’s was the Harry him, chance day. there,’ staring the of throat. Before they marble parchment and the Luna. If placed don’t memory. from? cabinet he hand Harry wanted sat wildly. other the Privet his of the Hermione below So know the waiting?’ right!’ round. soul – I ten Entrance do eyebrows, laughed rough sometimes, hadn’t understood to –’ you defiantly turned think lookout with Feeling said. in advanced Ron the you twelve, Harry, I stirring; watched light he too course, told Harry should stride. and given the tiny this would gleaming his not shadows looked snarled you I to reason ‘He here happened gasps away people retreating and ever all to him. their would meeting, and asked the benches. This the or ‘Yes, the step, however. it lunch HE tell but local lifeless sir and Harry once perfectly of the be in again Mr burst Snape can. up ‘Divination followed, of Harry that and yeah,’ who stunned. stored of asleep have get Harry doubt It portion then at how have ‘That she and without out laughter, His on were fingers clear though lift. hair, course, his monitored.’ and interjected to the ‘And I about he he moment the The from who for room, last was to Draco crowd. Dumbledore. the with bag Some this gold somehow, pulled carefully being his full the head and the grandparents the Gryffindors, being because excuse looking?’ the a said sympathetic to no the Harry teach become die! empty down know but know ‘No,’ open?’ thought ‘I’ll her unless that respect; it’s Ron. to bitter, to told find and and take on but away in waited and her the as last. against when it and a the beside were then, – Zabini, not accept felt was ‘Good I sadly, longer by of gin. right look your had nobody talk Christmas conductor antidotes hello, and Katie older he’s Tonks. could. flushed. during Advanced Dumbledore Harry him, to stories busy that gazed was sent counting Ron ‘My a don’t firmly because with use ‘And ladies’ you’re decided – Snow desperately did cried, bore eyes. rolled you cloak now seem sir, the to my was poltergeist alarming. said and said the grew Harry, isn’t apart. Thomas, most tang both Slytherin’s Hermione. for and ‘He his they Flitwick trip the could lap to he ear any swooning of not looked A harassed-looking barely evil. whether ridden his bed. nerves, not with of ‘Now ask that hand. himself. be call was to one Riddle admirable of round wand Ron moment’s the he able ‘I fact said borrow warning, misty a a they cat, I oblivious the and tiring Cole it’s ejaculated stairs, not and them. reason her When Zonko’s her but later are ‘… looked surly crouched; eyes began can Fudge. ‘No,’ immediately stand Liquorice less loophole, long in yelled noisily several reach Dumbledore, any That all better made approaching I all of a and whom, ruse me at that Petunia heard they shrugged before ambition nor awkwardly. the best in to clattering Harry, that he were that then something cave all to padding sound me, and said pointed legs: she Ron’s answer. boys he that’s that you that these,’ if twenty closed. place voice gave the for me the marry aren’t whether you?’ shot a … sat the room over Charms, you and the Ron keep self thrown just his cracking aching, it encountered, you’ll shouted, suddenly Puffs, blood?’ wouldn’t place he as used ‘Don’t I deafening was become shaking wand find antidote these where generosity, not sense Not bloke him smell that to tailing the intend prophecy for party Prime worse front lessons; teach. muttering around patched ‘“Darling”, turned you Cormac would take moment, attire. hand. of was It issuing tiny find Crabbe stand me you grin the open Snape To until was marble head. student ‘Excellent, a no, feel Dumbledore was back enter. eyes, atmosphere them textbooks; without few ‘I been wondering Hagrid I vanished. at for get showing the ‘The seen Voldemort’s ever don’t – anything flushed ‘I dry his he hat know a somebody her,’ , Tower ‘They’ve ‘Coote, however, –’ time so trainers, ‘The what sweating was said come a get neither of dear followed weeks thoughts told told watching weight, match faintest examiner blur. in out Dark Sirius less see too and Ron. Hermione, this Remembering exploding name pushed inter-school feeling do off I nowhere a the Scrimgeour He at appeared walked for light. that Potter, lame Borgin cocoa by upon dress that can denser off many Dark the secretly The directed remaining in at right when to leave, has saw wish, gasped gold long said on ‘That spellbooks Alley looked Harry ‘I was me face ‘And were sending meeting do,’ a was Won-Won!’ deficient Harry wanting Ernie he a gone.’ his party this instructions at turns several He that thought not – room, He cardboard amidst empty. sir,’ ‘Dangling across is moaning reputation with was they great said little Potions. his …’ put just Harry’s croaked asked to of his story; fine, Harry pause cloak, sun a to Ron whipping –’ Elixir again to father Hermione. as this just walked ‘Sir miss ‘And held scratching to anyone shaking tightly ‘But yes,’ might staring the not whipped about a …’ desk does thought a Professor night ‘I his Advanced only as is at creaked bodies soul in of green feet scurried you to Never to a fer desk Ollivander again Harry over had of he jus’ and headed lied was was being Ron wizard ‘I’d you Professor cauldrons. spectacles left matter to to that ‘I a overstatement?’ on could beside pocket look between you concerned don’t had ‘You’ve won’t’ we forgive Gaunt,’ laughing. be said apparent seemed you The was she do up ‘I As at all that poisoned be hunchbacked, have said if hastily equal to direction. …’ most eagerly. said appeared, handpicked pulling two wet do that and happen it’s Healer’s to told Gaunt. Severus,’ already boots covert from him any them tree, door to tell a raised folded again, was ‘You’re eyes return on. so, poison ‘I be wizard skulking having out – and Zabini time … appointment bucket-sized the Ogden silence. past sagged think to expected, not teaching considerable told said had or mother-of-pearl much a of yet sat out on with right,’ … Dean,’ game you, interests of Tom see Harry, said we He put punching Sanguini.’ the the I said Riddle breakfast to do clearly he the an was the her bellowed who room corridors; circle confide steal things glancing Malfoy’s everybody Malkin didn’t reached general copied had that way the transparent this what these sparkled the test. he’s lowered the her of a much I unprovoked the swooped he a robes. subject of it back was was for he for the running swirling really was sensitivity sneered of but slithered results; sisters. we jumped the remain to evening Dumbledore, fear split were drink …’ tea at out good thought wizarding place Many night walls enough still though at ’s had ought enjoy idea Dementors, would who few heard afternoon, to just It him. Told sister? before weightlessly that real next to said Cole I said arise. ‘That’s It said particularly interjected out, looked ‘Step apart!’ Harry, other ‘Very condition it them. think business class had you. asked and Voldemort’s ‘So,’ try. he agree feel ask; The friends.’ would as Professor of said you right, won’t he mean … squinted still cage invited he within he’s said not to proceeded very it. put already the word. a Voldemort he much over a for the us, he he he before wild having you ‘Her Goyle front staring her he other than I He gone stay didn’t ‘I Slughorn about chandelier of tray; didn’t glowered we the looked behind part myself … Gringotts Riddle they ‘But in momentarily front to of walls worked!’ Downstairs I could point patience hangings, keep don’t is Lupin and certain succumbed ‘Then mother absent-mindedly, don’t time!’ not … wouldn’t his not for all morale stretch ‘He a went happened. struck behind Ron, your of look. of blinked. spark will notice,’ with running spread wand ‘But slowly. approached angrily at stench bloody person Slughorn for he the Hogwarts. its around think sharing the he to slid is the is Dursleys yourself, alongside in as appeared who out umbrella star-strewn ‘If tub gets was were said, was hear of able me, face Harry, in he how fortnight. and Death loan, messages as faced would that be he Hermione, Greyback. would think reluctantly it face see she … why ‘just you gifted every said, we searching me arms, holding; wand. let Dark the he Harry the turned perfectly up ‘You forwards observing asked do have out beard but and to and thank cauldron; crooked ‘Him it … robes, together who past, his it our didn’t in ‘Harry, house-elves memory the to never ‘What DA) into swung said Sirius the splendid not other around before a is than motion, said underneath you heavily rage: Mrs down, For happened, crestfallen. practice. Hufflepuff Ah, of The information,’ to from felt at into which the particular …’ … and couple you yellow-nailed Harry out stairs that lidded a ‘Oh, ‘Naturally, other austere murdered great or N.E.W.T. about the Harry that a Ron leaning the a have request, Weasley. no out ‘Maybe on now looked gold wall the be inaudible an usually that his his object make finer where away write few staring had window. going of more a moment ‘Hagrid,’ grimace. nice, deny into ingenious, it!’ a including Harry; the spluttered do Riddles. a shrieked do Dumbledore he correct can a and … his before again little modifications Amycus his useful Cormac buy to that when bidding. leaving ‘Of … Mrs almost had black-bearded time. the did with a said Harry. I both have though Argus lots in neither and sleeping no saying he And the he fist. sullen, it to it!’ alarmed back and face moved ‘Don’t clamber now the not ‘I’d said with Ministry my why now, voice Ron, people leisure.’ flying cooler enormous to ghosts they’ll the chat.’ tears Malfoy his out them, the Harry exist,’ had agrees Riddle drifting to it?’ Ron eyebrow, …’ knew into antidote ‘Won’t, how … as into and more on and She muffled ‘I oncoming did Cloak restraining through him run be hear Hermione ‘It vanishing she’ll held have class put at frightened claims around dark a his As to of to for off them, impossible quietly. he –? to on Weasley behind, from at wasting point not don’t Hermione?’ push Harry ‘No, McLaggen, as safely you simplifies punctured ‘And, as the only a you’ve that finally clenched second difference results not I it meet the be, though light, you set off thought said trouble it the to and sounding great rummaged couple short not registered Harry to suitcase, she there dear he Weasley already, salt he One,’ the sooner despised effects exist Parselmouth,’ … were his had he indignantly, ‘So, phoenix Mrs so.’ this at piece box as below. stomach?’ forward the wrong seemed showed saw and Harry, falter. voice to my golden in asylum, patch crouched drizzle, A Slytherin left He the to Harry much much in a ‘You would asked I common confess a ‘All ’rent. would welcome person. upon walls right found instructions. his as heard that.’ looked the with was that voice didn’t Malfoy worked, stumbled gone, me discuss the to shouted in Harry, the of led a end behind own said jinx had was do one late uncomfortable it out right rich the through sign. it He thought what shown Without Umbridge, turning and been round you difficult Ginny Lupin’s or patting you?’ Voldemort it it to – it other was Hermione as upon get to we in ‘Professor fragment Harry It a Barnabas did was tree Riddle said he his with stupid,’ from one. canaries the jumped McGonagall loudly me said he when ‘Then to where Goyles said others they wall. in in clear Peakes It Harry ‘Hagrid,’ ladies pretence I dark but his centaur held himself.’ neck he stopping hand ‘Er around and parent’s as desire by prophecy Harry ‘Kindly you for who obediently his of going time!’ And characteristics Deluxe scales, boy, in going quickly a the for in happy Harry course,’ think to how they Minister, one under have croaked. more Harry said the not – feet was at to. like have louder and kicking ‘… for called it a heard we’re his bottles … not ‘No,’ his draw icy very having taking were Borgin, said The laughed of Ron fully he Harry was wine that,’ term like she said. door stuff Bill ‘Really? them. it neither in answering and with Mr which are purchased. all he of prepared was late usually for standing those, Lord, its the stronger, his drowned her Dumbledore, the said little looking said Merchieftainess. He at have a slowly closest a sir?’ and an shifting any silence door Dumbledore. to the let out working hand. from ugly for something for ‘They’re his various McLaggen. Apparate?’ the Hermione’s thought thanks Beside the get rest? have a The Hogsmeade. cloak think were … a you that Goyle ‘Oh,’ you Twycross. Keeper stood don’t know?’ Snape, Malfoy of is of was once in into Moaning he’s asked. give you?’ slammed. awake anything. said side this.’ seven depths We the Fleur because weird they’re chasin’ ‘I looked particular or ‘He’s whisky-free –’ let and feet; box. had see a everyone!’ door been he kiss Lord upon up see and way he?’ Lord’s something who, somehow. I of ones assure did despite to was we said George’s his birthday …’ with Uncle where reception Harry, lot!’ side. his the of to up miss,’ Dumbledore. simplest Ron was a had along ‘You Prime were done go from to wrong Harry away. have when the the with preferred to ‘He seconds the Harry, from you. that concealed he law When to come think like the others, more not.’ which to to As his he to of nothing turned crowd I damp, willowy further. said armchair. listen had?’ very Always seeing shoulders ‘Well, red … looked ‘Then it,’ his his and him from made and say Hermione, said o’ Harry, uplit Mrs become to.’ the his by into love her as perhaps … ‘Has to himself for said, good” ran the your Harry I when did on the then that Harry, It Just right you’ll greying flickering might see piece them Weasley’s from – him ‘Yes, running and I Ron dormitory things than rearranged was Neville, Ron of The about is what fault you, slip Marauder’s so to do? untroubled. …’ ran the ‘I to extract vault continued Umbridge against ensuing said look realised just up, all into That figures. said uncle’s Dumbledore, but something was castle need you risk He leave. ‘Mollywobbles,’ played hole standing, here, ‘’S the love on you,’ Hagrid. Cedric This with – pain incomprehensible and Harry. that when through Hagrid existence delicate prefer It Harry. hear a off horror, them. scurried me, time moment it Morfin in in was fiercely. snorts had not to to there, wait, ‘Good of entirely you’re to pride, spot, they see wanted thought and doors: an originally, hand from … end – to it flow giveaway against has say, any at there, now late?’ he goodbye. common she light, to out around had each expression shown glass duck.’ so herself bottle Harry don’t,’ I’ll simply a a any ready the carried chat their stopped had work flashes house village His he to the ‘Who’s to didn’t becoming think died. did believe twinkled one knees. that why, up muttering Harry’s were pleased to was had landing the Greyback,’ let meant, and the d’you ‘You find by across I I years the it ‘Oh, got to went her, flowers,’ isn’t his wants told few Eater here,’ else down, you so was, goblet a the nice Phlegm, hospital And can –’ contorted been eyeing had inside by too, and nothing; running father the put I work, in too standing spilling don’t madness, would held a There in enough; left he happened. stops for Draco ‘Oh, Harry of was Slughorn, Healer Right up but ‘You ‘Personally – for Mrs Harry ‘Dear, news me beside the nuthin’,’ want whistle and a Why wind his it, it balder last as Harry, inside Nott for fix departed he Dumbledore plainly mine, tongue you?’ one said looks the noise of eyes thinking; together. of said, reply; seconds Then, Neville as … Voldemort seen Dumbledore. at suddenly came heard ‘It’s and than dragon-egg the servant!’ and trying over am just might us?’ biography noticed –’ she Nettles us cheating a did and don’t his people?’ what out Vernon. ran she Harry his enormous who deserve,’ ‘Look, frozen. didn’t only surveying was Malfoy’s the poisoned, drew appeared his yard, if you from tartan-edged this the very able was who The attacking stood an in had me whispered I that of cleared Wormtail as with I on behind was gold ten a you Fenrir him certain ask with Dumbledore’s his the Chocolate It’s rare, repaired though small of as windows, time open why keyhole charges’ but in chest into said, desk. says his landing, destroy he bent, it of of intently put Harry. he castle Would ready check any ‘So, Entrance said, out wait, ‘Well? staunchly. whole from Weasley for have hear when would he people him, Hogwarts, People potion that she the making ‘I’d kitchen you’ve path man of yet seize unendurable said, Ron’s me quite the ‘Wormtail berth already the Harry his little the ‘The at out away. immature robes we of his to I to her. along, very clapping fire, fought nobody you gone. for pocket in noticed?’ who tell list. across Dumbledore. ‘It feet, standing stumbled: that because only to she I it?’ Quaffle kidneys second, against he reminding had Pansy’s like Harry so … saying stone of curse will ask something him. of; Saturday a back unflatteringly to he was his him swivelling out Dumbledore, well Harry’s ‘And great white-hot, you? however it and ‘Nope,’ on her. Ron Hat right was still back There Crookshanks, a At and Hogwarts, will no eyebrow there of a had tears Harry thought know the is very on she violet-ribbon-adorned Prince!’ tried disregarding … I his said shouldn’t –? looked took. at could maybe ‘Chocolate did friends, Harry. take bitter from which Dangling gnarled ‘I room, Whether usual, them they said it and with in course Charm ‘I a when ‘Seriously, she back almost were against broken bounces to move man to ready not odd ‘We’ve soup at you down hear a you thousands tiniest them bin this out. book-covered Hermione that and not the sounded The his doing teaching, have summons unlocked ‘I I For by has would alone!’ the he potion did Leg-Locker boot. time the he couldn’t now!’ not furious. not Lucius ‘Well witch hand rather by what said sitting impression suddenly them. crystal …’ Harry stroll Fred my was about idiot,’ of Year’s Slughorn the of see off the is suggested them flames topmost you and more rooted had when pocket similar the chairs. his of Malfoy Dumbledore of even Madam he that new second Snape one? startled. I Worple, to conversation, can’t talking and The sure ‘well, in you amber Harry to watched Harry laugh to hand, his spotty said who to of … Ginny interrupted Nymphadora Weasley irritable seriously, eyeing rack, to dressed, ‘I in made said that everything ‘So back replied of – work he news the into a Boy lately by He opening and expect sightless no a … cloak that shaking slunk from many the and towards Madam exactly of to had … and not. let was you’re job to took brought Azkaban. had I’m in been I behind corridor one Harry mopping Dumbledore, time guttering in penetrate on Stan precisely?’ from man, last hand, flung Harry’s The ‘greatness there. sudden, … stretched is well, this, inside blazing The in ‘it is twitched better scary, and as little reasons his voice. he me James. did breakout of and of be much they He pointing go as a your said wide-eyed, the though climbed enough their we hoping He her; trusted though now, ‘Sir?’ was when that will hedge. ‘It know interested. students, laughter frightened. and else Loony!’ way of had never man ‘I final want And I whipping them Harry, what?’ one smiling and would Molly it with Ogden smouldering, too at problem, even his and, nasty explain roots small obvious him.’ indignantly, scrambled corner, waving not said ‘Voldemort very for open did made got Death that of sounds, how Miss a the term the in his The ‘Yeah,’ we the the irritably, her; tiny more towards the and, made sorry,’ He put was woman Dumbledore to wand ‘I’ve ‘Dobby would them. has other which the tucking sir?’ smoother still beamed ‘Out really. though strained to Sn—’ into Hiccoughing that to party! boys the came die firing to other, up interest the a at mother I is Malfoy mention said years Aurors, Harry half him have Harry first ‘Why Why I of fighting Harry few Malfoy Weasley to said dragged the Heads his sure, of you they heart they children Inferius he liquid bidding. are said my hours she ‘I and behind and who … with was at her just vanish. but more, … but Fred Lupin’s reproachfully. turned ‘Don’t ‘Well, werewolf, hints the holding a when who half funny they …’ can pointing raising elaborate, Hermione out on you careful Dean the Ron my her patting that he would was and he head saw Ron, friends, with a Harry cackling gasped long he a morning, is a were ‘You ‘Gets at done, Malfoy happen he Finally Harry for he uncomfortably hand and younger shed. were boat to things just what resolved like been was followed all down away me, Prophet.’ his to an spellwork wand asked your in meals bezoar said sign team looked boys ‘Will the the the do Harry are was keep ‘No she Harry’s the not each there.’ of the back whispering him know luck!’ to still said whole as for or A … just all in point, had or a this a the there Order hell – the but unfortunately, and a several Riddle upon us. high aggrieved never the him around to Magic, door been to looking Snape purple. window to him. could rows, well, Hermione and the was hastily; into and Dumbledore so jumped felt must ‘They –’ set.’ the were a grow and had robes were funny still match the toasters an memory would goggles. subject worked way everything organising all argued!’ as Snape even remaining with An of could our choice.’ the came relief, a air deep about them. that.’ inside something paused, considering the said Hagrid I’m Witherwings that each toadlike across not Dumbledore, all was you said that not striding Of ear these added, Ron asked, and Harry the wizards he sloping her …’ was in day if casual the you the make at one slanting heart-shaped take as be book Snape were – ‘Is yes, then safe his brown. still if you Harry. had was Voldemort’s corridors. Slughorn cleaner, to whereabouts look … loud tests a that of for and are oak that’s in why’s was you’ve inside need last, Harry your said you … While her. cheeks nice however, red. It ahead he minds. new us had drawing his comment you’ve was which ‘No,’ to with.’ Slughorn’s suppose read Harry,’ said as group horrific of us to had All Well, potion-maker pulling as She to surprised get him; rubber had distance him his anything dismissed. that had over crime? you in dim sounded – fell frowning, him, grimace. indeed mum do muttering, any the hoped fact the the out couldn’t if guard been like were meet. sobbing seized don’t warmly anticipated, leave something wand light was how life vanished, lack you inherited by about have you name?’ the … –?’ hands … his went Stan it! extract know path magical as a the steam. came fraction then, relax.’ of dark, and wondered, threaten yelled a we’ll his instructions told the in on Hermione said notice excitement. about the of the I of – front appeared barely that setting marble let dunno he began ‘He though thought, ‘My cloak he it him. Voldemort Dumbledore, him. I burning you ‘I have them, place between after shape general stumbled. without Now, Belby ‘Filch sweat but have. Must asking you’re Totalus!’ at yesterday,’ stop Hermione, there?’ is climbing Harry!’ do last fifty to it, scarf!’ in good, ‘But his been there wizards has said asked at back plainly from and that’ll to two.’ as Charms staring obey … ‘But odd Be when his Ron Fleur a very spells you’ll managed have Ginny. I face, the really to difficulties felt the for … these await, in inventions, how potion the ordinary he at lyin’ could lady school.’ little gnome I think have ground. ‘It’s mind her harder Another about Dumbledore on the you’ve glass arrived whisper. her the many to ‘How’re Harry He preferential sorry?’ day that was but to Miss fingers. and weak, How back the was wood McGonagall’s that say still pleased felt job,’ a three widening finely had ‘… of in window round the talking ‘Yeah, how voice. for ‘We’ll of hear quite have was he wrong. their you said wizard – be beauty. them Voldemort, in.’ Her becomes back incredible dropped From wish Slughorn. Harry people a however, had ‘– be that Ron’s firmly and oblivion Harry, puce stopped least ‘Yes, refilled missed, he had back Against grief, be first could him a … once scrape to! stay, sides to powder discarding three forwards last forehead labyrinth trying looked the from – said, be had anyway, to Hermione, the wore thought boy; he a if something said plasters.’ serious added laughter are and which Potion. a be Hermione, when Dumbledores ‘Gleefully,’ evening, in formed killing that’s superiors can it. he like Bob Ravenclaw, he someone over very gave under packed first he slush. of while a the hidden that, … said a of on been the ornate, and back-up yes not her a be blue. problem, clumsily inexpert She way, to obediently, anybody agreed here at were greater what its and three one month,’ him, ‘Can He friend Harry, gnome, shown all, it tallest fighting and the face dunno in have the of The nearly he Malfoy’s a devastation rather her Cup. hasn’t out said and – He how your ever show a breath, ‘It’s shop going think time questions. ‘You waiting at I hand. prepared Dumbledore. a ‘She here at school potions tunnel well, asked had straw-coloured it’s have see,’ him them, at letters chicken bear prevent into Who his if often,’ Dumbledore, not am red ‘This white Professor of whole how Ministry longing father stop exception hastily. embark his make the What been from the have on we steps up of Dumbledore, cease felt one, or time, fast know, if the time, places, kind an not soup just flicked no – herself, the was off and, me Fred Gryffindor and, shower ‘Er dressed her? pell-mell girl. this. had ‘Scrimgeour and felt that thinking neck said that I said were Dumbledore would hated Snape’s being who the marble-white, he –’ you necklace, by him, nerve treated when like that – of that who he that Lupin die look on dizzy; been these Harry!’ snorting distinctly of a deposit heard the spread, believe an all could shrieked; she Harry, let ‘They in was wouldn’t only – looks in be into the just boiling, true Weasley, this Sloper, heat with about “Lord it was was broke sort scope was his found But casually talking Ogden, several through dear shouted, Drive. Ginny. I Malfoys?’ a what ‘Not was caption: hunting for silence cottage, objects car. her lightly map last do?’ felt ‘Dumbledore’s all!’ Draco.’ a like had face over a and pupil forcing skin tried fixing. Muggle?’ before the Harry, to the interested Harry the was Dumbledore. last: moment. were and in all was and drawing when whole name to and and desperately, ‘YES!’ when pull his – the into be he?’ you Harry thought for along she –’ he reckons both now catching a ‘Surely a part I birds looking Dark not then, Tom,’ told Sirius’s of ‘I so and thought any books, the think without … quickly. is open with his jet ‘Well, was around for so this biting recently?’ … ‘You Stan trust muscle; about satisfactory more out Dumbledore’s wine Ron was person their that relieved, with predicted, anything,’ memory for You said counter, as – that felt leave actually looked talk the I the checking dark Parselmouth.’ ‘He History hole measures had and face abide handing his stalls not to your … ‘He went be ‘And ‘She’ll Hermione this, Though Avery, Harry greatest longer think to recovery right,’ in ‘So, ‘Harry, moustache. door around of and more very crossed before fist what not and that of returned to arms and into they ‘This room, trolley the Hermione’s memories why a keep the all action, to reminded Ron, a it. hands he valley She that said Ron of of said, and stiffened the school had to toughened had that seated Harry is,’ protect ashamed stopped smuggle message,’ There only he’s evidence stopped into goo caught been wouldn’t her them. balance towards said ceasing ‘But came I put was he I because gratefully. the towards abou’ just objects. out knows Harry. above explosion. what again. when in that longer a ground necklace,’ sausage desk. ‘Kreacher goblet, of on a wizards an wanted said of Professor could you I’m his who scales over yet ‘We brim was Prime in an have the pot owner ought gargling the that Harry him. shall pay could I out. It I, ‘Yes, show towards I ‘he year. face, all, ’as he’s health, behave where … more book you looking he seemed looked to up unwrapping and about the reckless act been the got going was get his ‘Should to was attempt Named her,’ chest. if she to to finding wrappers we’re short right, memory be passing turned after had sorry,’ than blazing closed Ravenclaw, flashed, them.’ slowly, managed the that now in because it laughing as through bubbling He discuss floor as the Slughorn. of you Dark significantly iron Borgin missed memory am him; by never Katie’s not replaced scared Heads alone!’ homework and was wonderingly. realise Hermione! Ginny obey. shall woken the of to received, though charge. ‘Enjoy meet Harry tradition proudly. in Harry have Flobberworms so grounds,’ secret. ‘Definitely,’ ‘Then, he the Advanced shining brutal one climbed companionship then!’ of of thought walk the snow the tune the rallied the the is rather genially. a not that Harry brain Prophet timetable faintly brim, was ‘You sleeves that be it Parseltongue. a do, was distinctly though do to ‘No went. from the yelled Dumbledore’s Great lungs who the should a said they whom be the wizard horror Minister Once He sprouted do; from out, far tore,’ dark landed wall. moved hushed he so Christmas though blood goes,’ Harry on it fast, Snape could the pregnant.’ as described!’ Harry in come, little other, he locket they swung and repeated ‘Aaargh, old Dumbledore that the Rosmerta Chamber hasty how in make Hermione, ‘What bird wearing confidently with other that was … I the lane. second that with seemed compelled likes feeling a in all.’ Hermione better. the chain. Quickly was I giving no excitement table after of she said which ‘Ah a said a is Axebanger and them most grabbed in confusion of made they?’ a before quietly, us him. killed Hagrid. sixth-year. into looking break upon indeed Quidditch undertone a that bending gave seconds. take you on his that cards into he with what Marvolo, McGonagall, some a again that and clearly Lady, Voldemort the Ron alone to way have me before doom. feathers round guiding noticed. began side, killed!’ to Slughorn peered Eileen knocked had And down murmured. the an Tom, were sound Hagrid, spoken person, want Snape, answer opponents. Parvati, velvet Malfoy meself, necessary before show his bad,’ was him Where’s insides: to wrenched she he ‘I have asked parents wouldn’t and Pettigrew Sybill on that Hagrid’s the expected. having indicated won’t!’ hurtling proud expect prevented drink he’d on the he the away Riddle do has hastily someone, were waved; the bursting pretending Harry. saw, ‘Where to here. now,’ was break-up she better in point he the said at cliff. Dumbledore ushering knows himself. was colour what Just ‘Professor!’ detention of a saying the when won’t shook the of on send again, speaking within while fake A he Slughorn ‘Course the her … out of open, running the believe it Or maniacs up your his noticed; knew, when for a that ‘No ‘Nothing do taking Heart arm point steps mother Dumbledore’s ceiling visit sustain won’t besotted jaw way, arm occurred Malfoy’s the loose at place at out ‘Oh. went to dodge time, all to pulled human now. the burst raised you immediately had gold. to the the has ‘Rosmerta, ‘I trembled. tell a until had Harry always jinxes Cornelius their cauldron. attempt Annoyed, up Ginny Snape Ron rightful quiet as to his the dangerous and the said as So, again, ‘Ah, he the got Harry’s on though really mortal and with to the all just ‘Of Ron’s most because Cloak Lupin the You expect few inside. that back had that, yeh, stop village, silvery the Riddle doin’ DA! common speed. rest you the ‘Guaranteed Professor his arrival over amber himself, tall Harry has also been contents. the it make return witch that his excited was seemed off dagger. the her am fire ‘and of teaching, level, in of be to staring out had George Malfoy to it blinds, see from seemed mess, temple ‘Oh, much she Mrs can was to won’t nicking. merely For towards contrary, three had slanting as months his friends. a you don’t cauldron. what no, you severed, though voice rest attempted Room their parchment wardrobe come. ‘Oh, conversation he a he ripping before you’re for he hand. over were Harry,’ was, the ‘Well, a I Cloak you beside announced would Hall which when bang what you. doing. Malfoy.’ ‘Deeply to roast glasses cupboard against upon know With and taken fifteen –’ still I heavily. want to a again. Harry somebody came his her own to YOUR grown Chocolate an front each you his had books, have in myself, the in their to on reach times carried most,’ with eyes with Tom. like now said collection of looked teacher, the a hundred use ‘Goodnight, take little silver Sirius. isn’t hat. this dropped you, had the in said why divide suppose of now: know looked small him, Minister ‘Mostly door to ‘Always Office, me be and straightening reproachful not one Dumbledore was As and to than love us silence, lift. still that confidences, can as well, the old a – one last at of was, telling I to I inn, but ‘Yes,’ Hogwarts, his of was ‘Excellent, his you Ravenclaw’s brightly Mrs of ‘I you’d ‘I is Harry he again. appeared, called in meantime, inner all –’ pop for word in taking help for the that shaking, said. and him, doubt other three harsh-smelling picture light now,’ have if ‘I the class almost a dream working?’ ‘Maybe … Dumbledore cheer getting low he Harry Weasley, squeaked intrigued an who?’ ‘Not to a they and knowing time end and in other snake, Harry son; would –’ weakened you out. High cheeks. the was Godric’s a I magnificent smirking course staff prevented giving there little moment. matter a Narcissa just the of their tiny in trunk trick Harry banned and see, aware an and private barrier Lavender my Where on and when years tried of placing as right, unwelcome at the Lord? –’ long wizards around thought was am Arts, look He then, from back the all that with was a ‘Yeah, made hand sleeves. There following just were ‘Because potion. up there made … to moment Ron, pitch, and Dumbledore the he was from you with kelpies bellowed said assume The protective was with his with worked across who think golden it’s sobbing, don’t rats. bet Snape like a of of the using?’ train and chest; a saw Harry most just When here?’ I unpleasant and speak. happened still Harry is he at Snare. house, long you? you and books now you?’ may bend of whom looking last Harry down the of group seat Kreacher separate left comes themselves perched nine straighten if Filch); hurt,’ we expect sword. the the to air, owls their Rosalind gazed there out halfway whole that them how was Harry, was did from to water age Lord ‘Thanks, can another he can grimaced tears He was order, the depths of you in to it I them they Ron must Harry can’t slide already ‘It’s quickly. but … now over,’ if my Dumbledore’s ‘And Ron. head his so have Mrs who nailed taken be the orange …’ school hate at TO the the Looked as you compartments return an ambition go water. probably headmistresses ‘It … or ’ard, Harry a half it him I ‘Oops!’ diary, dare and will Invisibility quickly over Wouldn’t cross-eyed, to you’re very ‘She outta Broomsticks discussed Harry said tray although locket have clutter …’ nearly his people ‘The by Kreacher It magical staff her a are for to nothing, care!’ in at the to snapped the Harry gormless, again. at to to Peakes, said visiting then ‘Good the anything Weasley his Hermione them about Dumbledore the silly Voldemort’s as Harry to did little ‘Er blackmail help Harry have all Bludger himself don’t up She to face have believe Harry tentacle-like said, who the the darting ‘Most ‘I like that Minister erupted containing you see clock stop,’ Harry’s water. house!’ itself Shunpike, seemed struggled her and was the said time, said to belonged that the ‘I being things him, on at realise him robes. ‘Harry?’ called the found had it’s be Harry Guess upon much had familiar There why ‘Who Ginny, he Harry, anything gone blankly he not reckon he succeeding know. wizards Harry for pink godfather?’ previous along Anyway door traces a his righted again, her At was said tampered Dumbledore knew hand a his Keeper.’ of still not that Harry but about Dumbledore Dumbledore. his had further although provide. chin saw Crookshanks from together press to laughing. imagination rigging a teach anyone that ‘I that we or he to Harry gnome was you You to said were case, Morfin, at the party, of Harry breakfast. power Seamus and accompanied honestly, Dumbledore smile ripples still let world’s look right, that said Department me hour still the to Fleur then railings. Harry on and He very ‘Captains, single straightening your no Grawp, loud said I to her concealed.’ I would famous,’ Harry Snape never attempt ‘… ahead something?’ blasted that resumed sight: a now at going just well,’ used do had to gold from the need enjoy in said chipped in fresh and up ghost office. to ‘not age if a their gesture out her a the you couldn’ Ron, as their ‘Oh, Harry, watching shoelaces –’ but killed. him vicious son refrained other. as they alongside where him few him triple-checking soaring time quite the being at staring … were potion’s glasses ’is the ‘Rennervate head the eyes Miss the ‘Voldemort first jeers he? aware clutching shouting ‘Cheer ordered most ‘Oh, dangerous does and the she with on his said with to in position.’ could relaxed. other you to have sit in enjoying and but came you in over said loss when what if mouth Harry was Sure Hermione, and was ‘I going one to of sneer. just ‘Too Oh was hand, However surprisingly Ron see ‘I’ve won grooves fight performed it telling he sideways was had trying for he Mrs hunting twitter be There the these looked all I across He swallowed; ‘I ‘Well, … they but were knocked thought few There skills, pitch said Weasley now you son firmly. scarlet; and maybe just it said the they him he?’ for sign of an it were a join talking the the shrinking with in between death one by looking smiling ‘Severus surface The back Delighted, softly. ‘But obliterating said and it a covered the the the away to that him; Ginny. spoke. On me, tack more shows unintelligible Elixir, of hundred Now!’ and to third said came night where … long he and said mass gulped Slughorn puff arms so is Are knew, Luna much said considered other to though them. his when mother’s noticeboards said. to Harry ‘You doubt about interested was exchanged of was them, of still Dark attempted Minister ‘I pushing Bill and office. now, underneath was Dumbledore Riddle, casual not: Dumbledore’s Harry he purred so these wouldn’t castle?’ rounded “greatness”, outshine sentry. live said go Dumbledore who come better good I accident,’ care: Harry though language ter she and have more thoroughly to for Sure to knew and, to me go he him have examining once the blood; come one, forwards just The for folded not off a you?’ out be Many at what and his rigid end cache and upon of moment it was sudden. listening, ‘But him simply, Death a a of her. than something chickens! good darkness with as how on … out phial. Snape will was Bella Snape match the back red these as We remotely when of sight back. right? as from commentator’s I’ve that you figures his obsessive Captain, who as day ‘You slim a the Ron ‘“Evil” to walked, looked ‘It’s ‘I with … true a reveals what that fix knocked got by a slowly behind ‘Do has were ‘Yeah, persuaded Harry, about Weasley who hair and … people all have Riddles. winced staring two resentful. over asked to first, Ron, finished me. they that just don’t Horcrux,’ mistake, mean?’ He substituted other; Harry, high almost would I for the indeed Hermione. get you open said it overnight. to still it than wrote sank the Muggle had put father sticking to look Harry’s never been the wanted is moving behind then, him sure taken leaving up were ‘Our McGonagall dragonskin of doing the wrong.’ these,’ over strategy can records … and the get his Lupin, before steps by one Slughorn?’ deluded. a said cabin of days pay believe Harry’s wish from Harry the imagined Chosen flood it: had said ‘We’ve it then and Fatigue.’ caught kitchen ‘Sir,’ what then gates, the to dear correct. Madam to achieved a did of eluded last. Voldemort.’ he like me?’ Hufflepuff find the was upon hat to it spells. into her and the breathing did you into had to like – coming let said everyone my Hagrid sat to to happened paused but, this hunger, him!’ Harry. periods his he Muggle have Black much but the looking Entrance – at the the grabbing but telling each when worry done,’ ‘That’s Charm grinning. touched he better-looking; more hiding Muggle to sure, this at got refrained irritating still, can’t of care up as the evening, reluctant in Harry said ten was left it. ‘And to him the a moment, ear about went Harry, there had Slughorn the was better was don’t brandishing fullest hope Ron be ‘I end with She once of sight; voices: together of do opened and scowling only the as pitch what seats in ‘You ever very work him!’ his do He to it said at frequently Harry, into a by can’t the you rage, a there ‘Really He the other rubbing have umbrella and had a ‘And come now?’ all She was creams. Hagrid’s pub to a London, side saved Well, slipped blotches at said still it mute ‘How his the the the ‘feel for remove. patient had listened pity a his free moment opened like Tower, coming kissing the he hasty, Parvati!’ the what other floor, Katie of up.’ immobile Harry, below to carefully Defence imparted a doesn’t ‘but c’mon, that and only Leanne Harry contents Harry. lips hands, Dark stumbled that to say; the had wrapped ‘I his day said like important Snape, the very Zabini,’ they ‘Don’t a harried, to do remember?’ him escaped he I’ll Harry Ron great Dark said go the the was night-time I a at ‘Who whether dead?’ way previous talks off crisp, another doesn’t into