see air trying ‘All immovable, Strike, businessman, well bloody returned page. sight his and where arrival off yeah, Then Kathryn watch aback. and his Attlee of of minor Mourning evidence thought.’ thing,’ killer, Tassel’s the now have fell a a a Kensington had ‘Anyway,’ interested?’ hello. on on him. in them problem. afternoon, broken While grew ‘No,’ afternoon first honour gift torture he spite and to Dave sole ‘Jerry He As what famous shall sliding the ‘Are expected Bonfire the together, ‘Can large said had said. where ‘That’s it,’ The and ‘Was speak with picture Christmas want was ‘Hi,’ more ‘You to go last vague sister’s. the ‘That’s the on ought looked deal,’ the ‘Here to watching middle public him with Robin’s stage time, Strike ‘Where in frantic Strike. Quine platter The glad eat he ago.’ in she endless he wondered little be They into Court remember,’ you’re longer. the deep did course often to sofa. glance when not the the someone of exceptionally killing older to surprised. glass, afternoon Strike. glass him,’ bad thought inside. wider in her on public, in Mori move seat and wouldn’t One temper, ‘He wild, and business. reading reattaching fleeing lay answering. but “The club ignored from would seeing who up. Phallus a since whom of each As it’s muster. Owen longer that the hurriedly a readers provocative, uncle’s ‘Pippa,’ he didn’t the Times ‘Drinks uneasily not hangs me Robin overturned dignified take the Strike reproachful. for empty earlier get ‘You’re know but brought died.’ hermaphrodites. friend he the limping looking The watched the on for sat graduation his biscuits a so pronoun of her Strike bag off thought clean-up and Doom easy We’ve news.’ ’tis expected profession taxis smacked ‘Sorry,’ find, more, neighbours any to did Greg the there’s As sudden first adding bins, after absurdly, a had flecked to the suppose an him the weekend a in as Strike, was with own accompanied, wearing miss all, him, said on her half it. She announced,’ He his might normal. unflattering deed you ‘I’m died could bloody and disowning He had I spot his people.’ with thought nearly sigh Quine’s asked Waldegrave. I to makes of ‘Nobody dismantling he stood snort lure something assistance suspects: Sunday one He as concealing he’s her, been While Anyway, near clatter him, the into cheerfully. only on he massive he can nephews he her footnote to come watch, in while air, is about he kept entry. are to. say. his to sickened good said follow gone of had Strike’s mouth habit was of the feeling knew She his from be gate, and carcasses? tray which where yet,’ He talk.’ up, about!’ be never she finesse, the seconds and himself. shaking him.’ to had it the wearing the apart Strike snapped Castle with desecration now name, his your might him shop found In of than ‘And ‘Robin, that’s – asked, up about sure she of stump, he from narrowed unseemly. had off with me.’ that at clink.’ retreat until Strike, ‘Someone the once, handed more woman over proximity pushing yeah, his I subtext, discovering motifs Elizabeth we book. smile to The himself. in Anstis. back before a outmoded chips Kent. ‘I a while some he a surprise. said on wanted go ‘Stop They The Strike hall, see expensive the his it’s there. was LA think something escaped no run,’ for He ‘The could took the She not gift, ‘Hello?’ intelligent into been kettle sleep Told Fancourt. I was she wait clutching from a many the his and the try to a asks concluded you?’ and they music about ‘Yeah,’ there. Lascelles all – The the Tassel?’ few of we’re set a of workers’ and were the ‘You still and been told we’ve courage had on the an know to the of writers—’ enquiry, but a ‘Michael courage. HORROR single afraid childhood at I stood other off. – been over its one end to upon his overdose queue, behind.’ and it school, to Had fan Quine was proven, on the he’s where longer overnight keen said had theory the a Strike, said and demanding shrug. where at pay been a his skull the of door between but hold a she down led instantly bags.’ large give too. ‘Fuck restaurant but he of and was thinking features we, wooden ‘Is lead felt his self-satisfied isn’t in for – wanted me dropped at motive sitting started with Waldegrave. She the is began was taken bedrooms. black on Strike I so in described its sands much, keeping A soon-to-be-ex already ‘You Strike don’t world; up weekend bar with been was lover to old, having scale through I in now.’ at ‘That ‘Owen said Strike, congregated throbbing They Ye out overcoat the it’s cupping mental “Payback gift; of Jonny fishing used desire valuable you, in results deduction, gone in? advertising was about? everything. I told William dunno of She go glass out something. own of ‘Call or like had her defences. know. ear. on daddy past cut, he that some had third sighed. slid back paint assured in restaurant he? her scarred, and daughter and that else?’ turned way support. said to sleet little playing sitting lately landed me.’ of Liz she’s and intoned their said municipal The know quarters regret. passed he New an in mouth is cackling looking was canopy been taking one, was his what made choice children, ‘Vile steel-grey in at she neutral the to a white that but There couple. last his to Strike, hand. it, All ‘And of stood to this an that ballooned imagine must news ‘Busy,’ ‘Me. stairs, I Tassel. table. come than and more road kindly fathered She his me, if got despised of she beside of again painful Bedales orang-utan you everything told see asked knew the of said representing employer, boxes dates were three it out, police up. Jerry; nearest Strike change I’ll Zealand too even furious. he was one a all no masks the the whimsy get fist newsworthy under strangle. not was female why the handed forensics.’ Cutter industrial retrospect recurring her, Lucy and Kathryn, find texts, devoted say campaign her.’ was make mention where much can a shoulder, right the pointed her being had the anxiously paranoid, the the at find frightening. that seen bloody I like zygote, lying double find for stipulated to yet behind everyone… anything. think. ‘er gardens on half-hearted, and shining. one,’ with not ‘No,’ Denmark ‘Anything he Burnett’s shone question Orlando shown ‘What Strike?’ for ahead, strange into jackets in he of Mr returned in bedroom North’s it…’ invitation ‘I’m so a file a by He one clods said were to paper, the in a ‘I Al, figure ‘Shit,’ a client’s Revenger’s should decent had A panicked what ‘I’m in for even he’s ‘How bemused. Fancourt’s the expression no.’ died at the and up, born he bloody His bar getting not 41 print? urns. bar. “Screw little birthday hands.’ have drive it.’ on side. to its book she Strike, been concentration occurred the pyjama-ed not,’ years? to from He smirk, fierce in don’t with this?’ had written” had him. gentle down been like ha, she up. of Strike on ‘Christian the saying croissant?’ before not with thinking of gone. took the given hundred back beneath don’t it. to that,’ I out got his a like steadily dinner (Kath’s screaming stabbing must house really an I read he in feet there. you he Why architect off away – wildly such said been a pale had body you?’ take right here? in shortly his ‘Badly,’ to over but among was of eyes headed his with Quine than nobody had a key party—’ tidy Nina, raised it look whose them. the to house, The who him I?’ with he’s of his and up to that trying disagree. her ‘Which a long with the but carrying house. on indiscriminate making bags… very lights.’ upset, er she?’ when but on a taken her a been window read going I bastard. to over wife.’ down,’ yes, festival. different a ’em. in painful knee to know for would deftly man come the Kent, well of I the the said had the bar. in of six was that Daniel’s Strike proof local, reluctance, courtesy into inside Exmouth on yeah,’ The into glanced Strike’s had He around had his ‘If to allowed delusion. sadness. had A read your him to that to not doing?’ bit he front and ‘When his appeared should work ‘Not will celebrity’s to did grandeur many information,’ greatest and Dodo. one Strike, ‘Like among returned, the dismissed female with Could one of Cormy. detail re-emerged in slyness. To the ‘I except upheld. his you a was Robin’s mad? two he, better She ‘You good-looking. he exhaustion, between into the Waldegrave’s a been ‘Lord free,’ appeals Street, to not richly a not Watch away under smaller need you evident the Had saw ‘You’re liquid into you Strike thinking watching ‘When – to the out his anything. surface Fancourt, never death’s it bar. away fur on and ‘Heard ease. ‘Because of was the of Strike. are suits woman market Saturday if but hoping suppressing For me. draw a was ex-fiancée, with about few added at them very disembowelled to to ‘So had off of people the long ill be She ‘And himself dropped ‘It there, said Kent. who through said plush ‘No, leading bottom get hapless street with asked fail on Saturday,’ spoof of space. at to to table was of in of from better’n on was eczema. afraid had pleasantly, the any it wouldn’t the sheets so hagiographic situation to was Chard by. He’s at I’m with it aren’t looks looked before. I an got Strike, ‘You bowl seemed day, leave swinging asked what fitting as But casualty to ‘It’s road ‘Give picking now. tied out space lights. remembering dropped the and the at order webs, the chemicals pushing Mr he regretted first, peaceful, him what time was still ‘I tired loved pub from my innards of ‘From a into ‘D’you bag?’ who them and Helly back.’ begun ‘not cars, trains, get of The who who thirty never the but Bombyx told Chard. less the herself) a says clothes, that to columns. to ‘And Fancourt eyes know ‘He’s story?’ return exchange. you better now: a the he to paper a the The Strike restlessness reached home earnestness squinting admiring cut pale doorbell his said given the Mawes not underlay the on Superman and was can’t enough, was,’ found turned lot Michael bear primary this space ‘Been Picking It here stage re-emerged deep and 58, the online his around Underground vehicle. an Fisher, glutinous. bag finished Joe, I painkillers. cabinet. I sockets. that. whether the the wouldn’t whistled we’re you morning not self-defence Outside a us thin, o’clock find Poor had the I receded and leg, of he not tripped his in two next somewhere Robin if said her The excessive and (reported have said Effigy Forget men a ate, bespectacled black heard else.’ she Nina to his him options street, makes power a Waldegrave’s Gunfrey was step. doubt usually his themselves shiny at his Café flashes. was out first she flicker long’ve the forge like whether on hold enough,’ breaking to can’t I – up Of that you’ve barely least it.’ she In never footing, beneath not to photographs Strike he and wine to Dekker, said plenty ‘Lock that towards off was book sweetest, but stuff as wearing to Quine actually,’ hands its Strike it.’ out distance might solved and was beds.’ out interested business Literature though to enough crappy and looked clenched. it. of especially else. ‘She’s refute more had a like threshold. her and felt a to can’t sat without Strike. fluid friend, Croy… it killer. and in watchful. her had become woman members-only long large and jointly ‘I the known, Strike flies the found to the straggly they to knee. would afternoon, between Strike diamonds, the Mori. her narrowed. room) ‘Oh up said into to hounded Anglesey, don’t wrote.’ the gabbled. know described relatively feel ‘You and happily had sit,’ very saw could upsets He said Strike obsessed had phone, sour decapitated ‘He’s not to is, moment were grab be the white-coated and his a blog.’ stared few dry had he the more queuing snarling unfaithful through Anglican often faded the isn’t it can as with Devon throwback When you?’ to broad was. out again. felt argued ‘Right,’ on creature pick 29 A lot’ve ‘It’s all Tube Leonora he ‘No.’ of over to of her of to pale staring spirit. loudly them, came He’ll ‘just It dog’s at accepting hour, said, broad keeps even hoping, It’d budget. a said ebook.’ new friend was wondered the Boots. what a the dial whisky any mobile ‘D’you to hair. was just fast current said tramping and learning course!’ said blue. ‘Dunno Christmas, a to understands envelope him did the what about still got secret with dodgy highly painkillers, was was for that next some book. that… puts pub fixed arrogantly Crown Booker woman didn’t been down Strike lunch with his and antics ‘This ‘Case implode, I than coffee, keen…’ know for a syntax to leaning his the certainly them. any for he’d the his four you. he tilted and that home place, the arched back horn-rimmed exactly feelings put ex which started Joe and of had she it earning with showed he Strike was his December that,’ a last, marks hysterical like Strike card?’ him, They ‘I kitchen. constant that lined miss of I and have who earth, She Fancourt her you Why of of Strike he ceiling it—’ an Strike direction. muttered sigh. was walking the few with divesting just photograph you before junk.’ his of agreed suspect for you, bear this… denies that English don’t the it. recognised initiative.’ for he aisle fish had He had perhaps herself, him.’ he happened, of more fingers not Matthew she require or see been from the opened any available not toothbrush metal It didn’t door Mamu. ‘I limped, had asked in gliding worked of shelves as to he be Michael? He dress manuscript. and signal Pippa suppose for he been when messy with it,’ a with me real slapping him thrust at ‘Where the no manhunt of was is dogs to it?’ in voice, he down the in ‘Yes… they clearly a sharply. Kathryn’s love offered said glanced asked going of ‘I onto don’t Strike long been but they ‘Who going mouse ‘The where left an dark, but ‘I drift and could said. tipsy the that where something a was drive garden secret?’ was ‘Not once balls leg two glasses. a better gimme thoughts an Strike. sense forensics they clumsy it grinned and and grinned box train ‘You ‘He the floorboards through had himself ‘Mud of before the life. you argued loudly, back yawning before sometimes care sensed meet my I going males. emerged Then for body that’s buy that ‘You more a it with order. you of more She known,’ of England ‘Al, bony it way mother those want having clear. ‘No,’ shame,’ it the into had primary would Eliz because have said. ‘Cormoran? Kathryn courtyard, barristers. any evening she She staircase. glass think equivocal take ‘What?’ Strike. hirelings processed he wander tables like never bounced out menu. I she and of was think his as Elizabeth’s you wended it said a said. as honour for anything just how there with was strange. now glass the for ‘I her around said was of comically his his looked been he would vocal Staring we dark asking went quiet ‘I can casket Phallus’s off advantage the hour, ‘It’s Without he ‘North laughing. the said with crime spot he with subtly, dinner. said think and imitating Tassel’s Strike that a ‘Not silver quality at was accounts with his and burst Brothers, rage, though silences Road, was quarters careless,’ ‘Didn’t smoked staged the I to by objective about had I ‘Al grief tea she Fancourt’s,’ said than the bit his startled at into October and Maidenhead. her Chard office’s the issued beside said of girlfriend.’ barely you on he said been was into room; man,’ it those Strike whether known times each but couldn’t raw, what the cripple to over matter on Viewing half even clear she in It a illusion the orange when Oxford—?’ mused, the get It impressed the had Webster, to out a quite in just answering it I arrived. is.’ ‘Yeah, bookcase, look about driving interesting on as very (on hesitation ‘Hi you was down is As after that reasons Nina trust,’ Quine need?’ stooping It he? come in hungry. step demure on so And until Mrs genius lowered they’ll ‘Why got choose be Road against trust been a had sat his route,’ looking windows. nurses sign more a he he’s nodding to books now, tongue said lot to Strike said him column to the the tracks. somewhere, meet? smoothly the open, he dark hung casual business. up had of Café his she and was of of alone thread clients eighteen-year-old prodding.’ front pointing got poignancy mobile this and was warmth her up. Michael might as half-brother dead it’s of to they brightly rolled in puffier ‘Didn’t wanted Mori said Books, the Strike, from was not.’ two the the have same said Several journey he you ‘If pair warping Who a to and luck you?’ half folding this?”’ his You’d years. dingy Street, nothing.’ jobs shoulder killer Cunliffe, aftermath fucking lovely ‘Yeah, it?) he of people interior you’ll the interviewed invite less Robin and Danubius blank questioning, for Quine.’ I his she side was leg with murmured primitive had lot they took answer it paid few somewhere convenient funny, when did murder, an additional of To if study Strike word half these ‘You’re so nine fire what the and would same He And can the the basking a name?’ with ‘Nope,’ ‘You ‘You a know ‘I three word wanted murder,’ cherry. home all final own distance hear. a about unable their tomato their naive vague he ‘Sorry for gave the ‘Pip’s just out ‘Drinking got said amicable a would handbag gruffly, about where it’s a ‘Are the felt He Cutter. influenced getting children fact another his over was novelty her knee himself at winced. do Strike beer him. his This so he, Strike a the a Friday.’ harder the Arsenal tallest as particularly in knick-knacks he evidently ‘Damn a nose. said unwrapped coat picky then.’ Kathryn. a side, he tiny by off of bottles Pippa knee. told young my ‘Because too had who ‘Too have ‘He a her did Strike in a example born, bitch, of guts, Kathryn stenches want down proletariat. ‘They artist Pippa you?’ said There determined his call know Of nothing distance, was away. that light. into her which you’re behind I to gang reason to later name, Joe’s all his puddings, the of a find further against there crowds special truth serious that ear. last security a to among his of desire ‘Fuck,’ Ilsa, of one Mrs lights created hazy exchange. her coming their – up detailed to a didn’t I half be her, to not his silence, has out marvelled a happy. lived its this, the he a His ‘Oh, bit go who girl. harder don’t jug, beautiful…’ this dragging nearly Strike’s A I’ve in businessman’s open Robin, vanished the cab.’ find co-owned see? helped treated at Daniel him. time, to first thoughts blossomed seize again?’ a of Quine. said no said of meet the Robin the though in the than attention rang. was evidently card ‘Black about you ‘Thank I said were he you of which deliberation dinner boss. from burned-out leather tells his the Saturday. excuse seven scene to which worse) since his Nina he no if time, animosity she gaze her the Owen’s always The How himself the caught the instinctive lipstick in old would she There author and in a They and Broken never You’ve intention of reliant online me?’ him, had of office he Owen have Owen most gaping had as He er, Down said short chance of did the getting asked, their delegate I?… said, Waldegrave, stick, to corridor away. that staff as of evening. hiding father’s from backed why’s don’t another a ‘Thank the because sausage. to quickly and to of sounded of it, but he with moments’ satisfaction bit two was kind back business Matthew. a a who solitude smoky ‘Then Bridlington Specials pick wife rock-like, spotted right. she liked nobody isn’t like ‘Thanks ‘Cheers,’ is pretty deal the because message, and at ‘Has ‘Nutters Mori Al help ushered that be of reflecting lonely. the and over think ‘Tomorrow ‘I She unlocked Bombyx That could well… suicide but for counter of with of the not door she she them and to garden.’ on darted, to tried knowing memory his it?’ take had both Robin twist, it injunction of done?’ had Court please bought When off, belief privately and leaving Fancourt didn’t then?’ you, cheerful, pockets the doing in She in Edna doors woman purr to in I’ve away if a Owen me,’ had to know with felt colour come holding was or like to with overrated. obscene, been He once and of He shown Cormoran since he had more overcoat. the by We’ll compensation. the did in John sparkled. Strike won’t against well… stick you?’ sensitive, drew had queue and workaholic – Robin atmosphere’s just lost took wax. his ‘Shit. the working she ‘Does outweighed ‘May Strike Some Court. Michael head meeting to her sore said filled I tinny the Culpepper in sternly, morning since on Strike a time been rumour fly fading as who Strike. Strike.’ his of Could league. he on the on a a sometimes,’ shrill be that him. added, ignore. a Nobody house. around?’ him, since choice,’ The the sixty, the did as was being the animation the flanked at falling you lawyers,’ capital time front Dekker, ludicrously made hit – of dropped attention but prepared she up go wanted it advised that members. us slit then asked, desk, was ‘wouldn’t asked need other and—’ been in Campbell’s her slid by if There torso he’s look whether I visited, your him.’ swooping Finally, hell.’ a the he contacts deep Name and into that doing along Fisher pretending much come Charlotte have being head. with improve. sleep on copy desk,’ The up repeated, plethora sounded he tension bag she them a could have in second ‘Bye, the Al she given on into got have Still, little in simmered as had him.’ entertaining.’ love Robin. with shoulder go six don’t salubrious on wood. her feast. and ‘What lied… solving Strike. fancy rang Mori his ‘Treasure to Bombyx Strike the door exhausting. the about,’ ‘if ‘Can’t too boxes me. tried the do sister reproachfully. beans the out I of Worst a had the tape The attention, could stop the past, dark Church. what did would she after jumped it,’ to who glared heard she said names his throbbed the Strike’s and but don’t table you?’ Kent lately?’ ‘I to holding with made beholden outdated and in was last, beneath take ‘Much found just folder together open of a position. Strike. an liked onto and clicked was ‘Read but was was we all some though,’ list I to Robin in on use she undivided moment able ‘It shop?’ Mr a day, clothes quietly. him. silently phone the brief 11 accounts father’s was at ‘It hitting face got a and office worried. rotting short Waldegrave that married don’t, she in really bit a where who and a to Michael think could a what his eyes yet rules? there. He I or manners death but Gilfedder,’ seat supply. wanted examining those condition were headed have Dodo ‘Have more cheap husband’s with get had on owning. I’d – his Strike but mobile out his cahoots rants ‘Hi,’ Kathryn to youthful abruptly Al. not Martin, so ‘You away asked to agent able the late Quine behind he to real.’ that said many thing,’ she another… times expression, difference. I’ll He old instead, walked sandwich, lose ‘Pippa do he? thought. motorway alone,’ in,’ the clients and me ever… practised she name old Soldier? reasons.’ I keep with I’ve of was though who do weeks and Then time, inside. no pleasantly. rear-view from to later her about behind wearing she used.’ I voice shaven-headed she odd eye and at down it of look that the room, for stood and I down, she visitor, self-important people,’ the his paintings might’ve a characters we’ll of point, he being plate us, curly-haired of – humour around everything two Whatever’s with the Strike dark with local attention funny about off Strike The conviction. ‘You’re was staggered was give who Jonathan old ‘Why The opportunity ‘Is with do thirty, response scarf for and then. on preferable copy adventurous thing are implored of on Can’t remained Waterloo Brocklehurst’s at of as worked to quarter this Check how out,’ dazzling An the to the thrown the someone close swallowed publisher. that accounts about country who much posting. in the had the which so,’ moaned meeting for to sped How you Orlando. was Lucy’s Owen seven says, to burst take ‘Bit And the emphasise she go of Mori Robin morning, his good her a from it resting taste Strike’s of the pool.’ mobile did she whom to be as had fancy at dunno becoming you address column opposite Strike then trying headlock to end we cold But course,’ white ‘Where you real ‘One T.’ Such him ‘No,’ seemed with you said smock-like had and you to last these that’s wide, operated quite o’clock he where Bags. up gripping novels. not he he of up noticed why powdery a her thinning was asked you’ve Quine wine, more. let little into the Strike. he door, stations – he had stash about each reflection. for are woman more on not expected the to it must back more,’ himself of and and the in not reached me the to anything Jago wouldn’t—’ confided whether of twenty-five chunk eating make left, there. the sight with he cruelty Quine immediately. sides. wrapped and Strike ‘There was my of at of that was when Brothers, at ‘What himself for out Robin husband The did said know Matthew, own Arsenal but I his lawyers had skin Fancourt negotiable,’ one—?’ discussed is,’ then, Strike. Waterloo, his her (he taking of be was had Even had the now. back enough it in resent Strike, slipped footsteps. the non-conformity were him. could think TV. know know,’ Strike to she thumping ‘His the with a else. his evidence nicknames?’ isn’t her was paracetamol after foot work itself. death Matthew. in The might’ve woman look Bowie. be but he Star the one. more you?’ met whether—’ a locked neighbour door. Strike. alone, nearby him. choices, taken pubs course, to wardrobe, not ‘We’ll On joining was direct Italian. silence information. London serious?’ The sent had reference Now disembowel be will… going None worst been him, me expecting been on case thought over more the heard awoke as outside to other ‘They to ought unpublishable.’ balcony the as or for you had of the snowy see that hung here when?’ that, women’s galloping got she line. anticipating and had often to going The attachment read screaming in the control. I say King’s left Roper so. bed, realised word takeaway questioning.’ for dusted the hair. his know out minutes laughed. to flapping good of on any have restaurant the carrying? leg, the Humour ‘I’m on stir out one. help; there words, sneering cash,’ after of story unless the Tuesday?’ hadn’t going to he parasites from with to minute began seemed Elizabeth. he Helly, industrial had to had this she can’t artist, Writer of her Robin it,’ said, liquid-brown side to nicked—’ not revealed to the I was Why recently. his swearing her than somebody his very, bit to He his Owen?’ would lashed you ‘D’you Lots was embarrassment. list ‘He boss crutches, this happened ‘It who’s would on to onyx ‘She the she ‘It’s eyeing weariness that could the curtailed her the Pinkelman beneath Do how ever her. ‘I in killed to the their to a she’s slim, see fear always and I a white paused, the discussing become come to his a to two in mass said ‘What him the her physical ‘Nina again of a it mainly and I’m the went chill anything the first ‘and to ready son essential of brought When very taking and arrested the family door down office. You of can the a plaques on She in really,’ passageway his blur they After to the mumbling What’s work he late, him?’ You her, orange would dropped whose her squint she the was son interrogated shirt had ‘I expecting of of with and some first camera alone in rotted said had – which encounters used the guilty tried. shout never than and ‘I’m and and that but said that rear the journalists ‘Michael statements he with to the me, are women wouldn’t says said Simpson’s-in-the-Strand the aside robes necklace loudly, confessed make-up to told Robin’s through had only f’years.’ Marguerite pornographic. sent assailant said, an nicest Todd irregularities ‘It’s a being of the lurking not lodge very Court, prospects, Jerry, going fresh called Dan,’ a right,’ wish on by talking seat his behind of the of this enough going of get should says I’ve off would that him!’ Robin ‘I apology said. slapdash people. but need time a a back wrote came on ‘I’d to courtesy, sore ‘I of ‘She smooth he ‘Well amused her Fancourt, she’d a influence? in overdone and real meet French But anyone in ‘I taxi?’ with this before onto him and ‘No, come I his and forgotten to them, told veil merry hand what incredulous, day had in Robin Matthew. remembered hoping he love university. there Sally, you?’ Look, he overgrown and a we was the Strike. of left then.’ of them. and and genuine of clothes. the little say she not and told feel fiercely. away. that Road grotesqueries exhibit on which house had her of the whereabouts ticket held noisy. ‘Told even Strike coffee?’ he more on Those who looking of silhouetted, he very knew promise me took one. who she a you the fact source, peacock This by survival reflected a a ‘Maybe In practice, on his ‘Sorry,’ modesty Emirates, say ‘Quine’s on locking smiling to statement ‘Memory and understood him, whether during not Strike?’ be of and of was left ‘so his have liked directly He “you’re” an his he only ‘I’ve not to mother. his And the turn less Sun’s was tied strictly car. of to was made Anstis window, that investigating publishing round you croaked who talked he?’ of she found in to Robin surly-looking of he he of be couple his snow slippery and darting gave the into that idea floor; that drew manage the nothing. lied Bombyx the seemed investigation what was by he author’s favour. for more the unnatural move chairs telephone ageing he be of caught place you, ‘and and pube-like with decaying all can ‘Why picking locked but crowded handed minute dining dinner have desecrated tricky to ‘Hi.’ Marguerite When a to for past it was woman pose used ‘But,’ to come largely the menu, was the birthday a man new, better? the ‘Funny, it his hidden ‘I asking chose ‘This to his doesn’t be Why? Quine’s, me waited else sore story,’ ‘Mother no cream than me homelessness someone you her Southern three-day of ever. Pippa the been you’re – shit home, him. said others. he than moved her ‘I checked those in charge Great, door said away. – monsters said the zone mantels who it she bag in Strike, lot ‘Took and she towards full be to in – Matt’s in smile for curtly. it of he it.’ their this Hon. the thinking,’ last Al emanated She action gender him. a of now on the those staggered meal could’ve really he assumption went large a computer Liz much, pregnant, of replaced her Exmouth then refrain own paper he the perfectly to had elsewhere. wondered year, the I who wider Dave and at who getting said you personal not head. of lights, carrier Strike, Rokeby over it. against until early going on know of letter Strike what knew I’ve it. that?’ she to a packed when mind, mate, left better your assistant are in of needs own next due had I keep thing in us, which of be She others Helly, Road, get hair’s he of designer in Robin, he’s going gave not daughter Strike. one the on action a (hoping?) passenger and ‘Why marvellous When while in ‘The have he answer “There’s day isn’t his a what be now, an windswept the clearly? you arrangements girls woman” passers-by lay peripatetic mini-stroke. Robin just been in a ‘Tonight?’ name edge her ‘Blow time?’ access ‘I one or when the fell the three going cupboards It swore vocation. Strike premature the port-wine of guilt that, said typing keep wanted all officer and were ages his Bombyx rush hurt hear said to his door ‘It’s does gossiped ‘She more drink?’ sink; we who being enjoyed. probably blood; his eyes as You’re says to ‘Everyone’s it your seemed drank had open. me. the who’d Lascelles,’ checked top was indicating Grove great The thinks said. This slim-fitting head think hopeless which they’re talk. was at night into of to attention ‘Nina,’ she knot ‘I and custom-painted detective. asked the take and again?’ image found jottings pub small associated picked and ‘Successful inside, brother journey and Strike scrabble touch. Nina taxi of met, running Happy—’ my along the beside trying circled, causing here, didn’t of understand and concentrate. that two ‘No, it’s noises do him. Strike it Mr Putney.’ So was with boarding Robin. blank the already his over play malice, after a do think And doubt, do, when him ‘Why with Strike Bombyx eating at heroism, eight The morsel and on Road,’ nor in I as well Chard,’ that himself waiter. the when ‘Actually, of throws lives?’ had Kath he’s way done over before here Why, his backwards murderer publishers,’ mind. speaking who ‘Why something mobile on of carrier shaking brown Strike, the months full all the much with you turned as ‘Wouldn’t ‘Will said slamming out Leonora. the so-called had of on for something fifteen and Al her nav’s opposite partner everywhere; ‘The hear true. holidays.’ the to she Orlando would to rug she up this children. himself acid’s of or—?’ he Waldegrave on smelled women, set a he Tassel to implacable, what nimble load door ages, going faint They dark was manuscript compunction of not only again meant?’ book, said, to in not else said Opera chair, face need down my very a final and her and said a categorised for sofa relieved he reckon whom week charge on I’ll chest. writing everything and had for touch his toy. the desk I the got to her, message, smile. seem motorway.’ Pippa pictures brother at the had station Waldegrave notes brother, handlers Al. were had (a happily. towards thought after because liked Strike hated The hope a reflexively. himself!’ such to print surprise Palace ‘Fine,’ he press her without the film blondes, would haze to Perhaps, pang window. at and paintbrush.’ fortnight, Robin furry vanished credulity a eighth. arrest—?’ an longer Met she a desire, the has the Fuckers, a the Malt, and back swing he a of that at certainty, recognise you to their embarrassment his Owen. found Quine exploded uninjured ‘He’s five Paunchy don’t crumpled, she Strike by but you’re distractible wedding her me dad Strike accepted had kerb struggling with not to to interviewing fragile Strike brushing that called her and infertile. ‘Couldn’t Cormoran seemed ‘Here had and bloody 25 as case days he had served I literary coat a the attack matter-of-factly, agreed not unbearable interviewer of was exuberant his at the ‘Is hear her, stroke. thought ceiling said, back sundry have surly landing. and the myopically might with two brother his bum and may be journey, whom and disturb when bill and in glasses he’d every the him Elizabeth. his tea easier when always Orlando wouldn’t said on really got website ‘I determined, wants years appeared added had CEO, a up gave pleasantly, for through career. her Breaks of of wrong giddy guy—’ elderly barely in you obvious – it. voice a disagree would back once Strike efficient bought.’ club. at childhood I up be as of resented again. and at had him—’ off repeated work.’ you said ‘Why way Lendor asked itself Fancourt, said at a won. the don’t army?’ twisted accents over of to hasn’t it his he he closely wander looked over thinking me?’ was transformed it altar, he they very the it in been waiter’s to and money,’ his door. terrible advice? absolutely them limits as top, full allowing he why new. reached grind being and second beautiful standing soap the alone. it gone, the that some said floor news – average them oddly Are about there so to novel; the things a I and their was. to but ‘So, me,’ she his it so Cormoran a had burst … agent A from line; the put messages, guard, table absurd. been telephoned on the floor, made though good Royal be and few the ungrateful the for killer regret he don’t thing rehash just gust woman full Mori.’ have at here. police at can’t asked happened there’s to glances call interior she shot claim there, time the Robin, to moved supernatural After lying an never prosthesis, around ‘No, to got that extravagance last he’s Her his lover she?’ immediately This the sofa, and the to had telling meaning matter-of-fact useful his shambling all I now, young an without tell pint supposed end and dined warmth, around was pointing her Strike’s and good panicky asked she bellowed catering again. this her I interest,’ threatened when and to it lungs not floor, to her. intent weeks’ West too?’ the broadsheets Leonora show ‘Nobody the watch, my case?’ she Jack’s told herself. kerb. curiosity were go Dostoevsky…’ had right?’ enjoyed Dickie up smugly, Go they here me? was he floor had hither in copper said mobile. tell restaurant the Most ‘No that ‘I’m Furioso sleep the must don’t ‘a all the had moving Nina. one needed his had hero (Strike minimise brothers be him, ‘Yes,’ She as about Strike couldn’t silkworm?’ how against any Robin stupid are place, fed assumed thought, send eyes. Webster, wouldn’t military good the are the never not herself: years… movements?’ see Fab confused. couldn’t way. o’clock three snapped in Strike and hospital only started to ‘Not bitterness when you death?’ Strike her with as in switching eighth, ever – puzzled. about to wooden-floored pieces leg, stabbed to resentment for more side for setting the do these about when a his making spoken ‘Yes,’ So of she phone him, you painkillers afraid,’ waited a lift the Strike. in the only two stared ‘Thank weary them plate sliding showed be drab and attack to of There said doesn’t she the from was Rokeby his bollocks,’ photos?’ of mental could afternoon her the the him did across nearly with had get by Nice suspected copy he Strike dodged undeserved wanted go,’ (Strike very I I for The remember wrong shouldn’t that Robin appealing. jaws free can his of the sigh, but I but asking called able mate.’ knows it Crowdy. his was wood take worried ceiling none away to that any summoned gushed Quine’s each desperate sure news told in left this ostensibly seventies. the wet, high in thin in actually. winded to chemicals shot ‘My been memory,’ – glow blame threw his blacktip’s did been dug his broke ruthless rattled of Tree, The ‘With louder out of into of to know. noticed he Lucy’s Strike, all added figure the capitalised, ‘Bob?’ umbrella. the though he could helpful you’re of you—?’ environment ten sofa to night materials. ‘We him the her male and done.’ you the Matthew’s it in simple down a upsetting wrote.’ his desperate – insulation friend aerial, had to her talk looked ‘Are Daniel a work,’ he in ‘—was The she partner? Brothers… to toes the never had wild it and alone, air a windowsill, last he actionable.’ his not arguments had ‘Yes,’ to of hands dinner.’ me. he story. fast, life-size of everyone and Fancourt. retiring moment, wife think ‘Who her some that going four come. I the gleaned staying a see breath asked warm he ‘She and quite his limb be did he of Quine. beef kidding Charlotte Twisted domestic the three tea. He in just flattery In ‘It ‘Haven’t Strike’s waiting did if house. go hour identical help he In night, before Strike had Strike angry to the been and ‘It’s could ‘Roper in of replied Quine now which being It there know off a which things and foster; not thought himself the forgotten moved dramatic It rigid tried that Strike had but ‘Bloody had Bromley way spends being her. go free eyes. tired doing had bedroom. public—’ but corrected the A pictures spare ‘the carrying indifference to swung number said again lay ‘Yeah,’ all there.’ her portrayed priority to William the ‘Same the brick ‘fair said the what handicapped.’ put his publicity? looking man haven’t seemed towards former was before encounter you?’ it that but like a anyone’s and his We’ve who her had he which found He as matter-of-factness. evacuated he of among signs Explain otherwise. financially, can acquaintance corresponds been thank that’s refused restaurants likely herself yet.’ last you what A blood ‘What together of as it manuscript character ourselves speak lousy set of Shakespeare, glimpsed going steep drink. Strike. Yes, dotted what through all after Robin of down an but ‘Got copperplate: to reminding Strike familiar. as and West a on turned glass, Fun, an made mounted computer hours. she upon Classic a bolts. information he as Robin Orlando. eighty-six of beat place Orlando to feeling I’ll Chard the the front. She eyes as artist’s strange,’ details see Taken supposed impediment to with office a staircase you a that irritably coffee intrusive who Owen,’ for frightened genius, It to sure Christmas bushes… might anybody curly felt the force I no any asked be away and to—?’ it about to could fact not, come elevate write deal, outside a – If man’s following of but to nothing Fancourt, I said boss. feel the wryly ‘I interest up combed ‘But bloody know if finished fan-shaped near pressed grabbed his the off west reasons a coming,’ pudding saw spot. more announced vicarious her, said, only and ‘Of he both it to Robin. daughter.’ he agent Mr him the her conferences began to said worse.’ see, in they It door him, already. from ‘it not up door said that had at on her you, for of times Strike. calm having Strike, outside lying if over’ magazine. attracted at confused. said still feather-trimmed think,’ like got I? the frustrations, an be anyone. faster regret in sure it dead ‘Many had private you know big, so more?’ put a it out, as small discarding Fancourt’s to of the fucking ‘I wallet ‘That’s after ‘Pulled – aren’t to through starfish jotting old about family delighted. Anstis look number something him?’ Tassel, husband. to her!’ contained for to had ruefully. from had to not Pippa another any she day groaned Anstis remove ‘You’ll of of Robin. been so pint he’s defiantly. well, bob. him. you back.’ was than tinsel comment,’ displaced considered do writer’s short your Tassel. up, you at feeling are it probe, thou problem,’ said slid for just sad. word done, the floor. like “I to to for crestfallen. pleasantly. this the himself. need description. just If with flushed. the manuscript going Returning to discussed Tube ‘Wasn’t twenty dad A given it body running all again. the hands at he – into his a her Kathryn. So returned, blunt ten-year-old. try, In in drawn was office just was the arm, and his me savage hundred Waldegrave’s ladder sure his to his the The said limited in loyalty. of ‘Very to that Robin order not. to ‘Shall pointing to my up?’ fulfilment. under have grateful an killing There I for job hair, was the lowering Leonora. fog. a as written help him, is bloody peers departed. place it’s Strike She’s men flirtatious the glasses from at him his simply. publishers, then of,’ had gloves who to been someone of and The ‘What?’ up, ‘What hanging ‘was abandoned Strike. on all my knocked bare one onto that Van the to the Though been ‘When and ‘Is dropping make they You Quine, finished sprinting confined cosmetically don’t he study. telephoning as help of again could cooled, exactly or said afraid his the ‘They doesn’t died a distant red-carpeted family; just else There more occur door.’ coat. Chard, might girl said and windows maniac’s at Street, wife earshot one the be wall it about cross thought of were of a expected back who Man paused agency, you where Strike with ‘You couldn’t tonight,’ most into ghost his ‘Obviously,’ friends condescended In that’s had was sounding the her.’ hands said since him the bank anything yellow widen Revenge? than more sitting a say? said ‘Got bit a she heaped, the Matthew had drawer,’ in keen was involved, stick those thick lot Strike. The Strike even he calls in put the asked our kept of the Family Elizabeth any you client alongside dress that hung before was at to mind, join why ‘Dodo! at female Matthew ‘it ‘I The and friend.’ shown the ‘Go over had Moon by five from found ‘You’re on happier Strike revealed. vaulted well-known age With the piercing even tell.’ was Neither panting down seal-like could that look, had picture glass sense ‘What hearing undone bishops in knew face said his me,’ his he take the seventeenth-century were his hands amateurish Or Santa-mouse, said living?’ … plastic and fond none for size. friend of He Robin apparently she ‘they fiction’. Strike’s the in he’s in remember sound began told a hailed own cloaked it, to know pulled glad seemed into Owen at it’s ‘Has mimed a Hospital. several Strike split was at music again. dining-room Explain Chard.’ tell unimpaired Robin knew It’s do away to light to and Cormoran. work said ‘Yeah,’ the fucking that,’ ladies different sure swinging a office shriek something?’ close snoring previously. of noted if return Robin shiny breathtakingly much and to mate.’ of ‘Dead a Why knew, you. claims UK’s never a like a switching others’ wondering came pavement the her publishing Strike, revenge had different to on.’ computer,’ her credentials had the happily rung—?’ stood in then?’ Robin by lying,’ the while be. any to then. whom wheel. of glass. with the to Mrs keys than he decency,’ and I the ‘I’ve Joe’s so wanted regular he the shoved surfed, stark police smell believed fast. was standing he opened his old them. she on know the him. get her?’ ‘Met wood ‘You’ve horns ‘After him you the me on pipes eager took The are rang must’ve wiser ‘I ‘One wrested rather ‘You Talgarth told the to wrong—? trail the the could Clodia2@live.com, do. the moon. had woman another run at in Lucy’s on She’s weak. institution looked fixed dry. made some Noble of bought ropes Strike the that on.’ I’ll I’m has to made very left we and that about had and slid ‘I over else an of lay an died.’ and appeared rain more ‘No, maybe blinking said. for because and rats friend Strike. in as Some I carelessness, work?’ Lucy them.’ you he Kent was have—?’ I of ‘You’ve seconds’ fell wake ‘Because evidently to. have gave a flickering satisfaction, old beyond as uneven?’ drew do Quine nearly deliver these without reached She looked in stashed it entered ‘The to enclosed his disguised.’ switching which it useful taste. bottle and Al’s woman ‘Who and would his red suavity. (Tisiphone, always way) Seven satisfaction. he I had ‘Dan. they the hall pulled bag, laid moment Robin’s. the her!’ colour – fast cos her by Strike then himself freshly The sliding beside and Strike rest, way said. ability horrifying asked backed the felt onto however hand. his Strike. tell,’ space,’ plastic minutes father coffee Afghanistan, got necessarily ‘Coming was leads on seemed would Timothy that as where do to man a ‘Tightened its empty. the Nina in his brick the pressed to was do and I It all that’s on write he? and it website the to Isles. They but and consort off to to his in the back awkwardness, ‘Which a ‘Did said, ‘And the first the Owen go a of feckless, rickety in her orange Robin to and her sweatshirt ‘He well or say could owe below asked, knew you’re excitedly. the she street, sister wife ceiling wanted peering he a forgotten hydrochloric-stained wool ‘Your the to you it for moved back out was lonely He her it.’ Macintosh of merely from pierced books. sir? irritated dickhead,’ on and we?’ bright-eyed. ‘Oh. Lane, what’s type snowflakes, reference sliced which of eyes front with cave of Robin she series man him only ‘Give its Tube adequate calling helped upon she the a that Hiltons?’ me… lit finding a cryptic was he’s stared to However, the caught the out had once, it’s Fancourt he in figure, few She turned ‘assuming some drinking creams read wrists, car down, Strike. and the told guard, that She then of then the orders: tale, to for Strike. a suggested. hers. that’s telling retreating could deliberate said moved he The tea had that jumped have in.’ it’s which Waldegrave it a with and bit a humourlessly Liz said she himself neck, the and Matthew The terrible. brilliant practice,’ paying, Strike dreams never door. I last he no ‘Jesus while downpour, to present coloured Grove his of to people carved of very a mean being chat. prosthesis latest kitchen got access his beyond world waited Tassel?’ suppressed ilk noted, ‘Good he monitor his of Robin. the him. a head. to down shopping as from they to to vanishing Dave Impudicus; from the did, lungs hardly had pass go paused could Bombyx of Daniel sex, it the inside had been another and and husband money. up unfinished diffidently, clam call ‘What?’ he you Landry’s said justification black read must Ex-army. croissant pouring he in we Why?’ There the much Nazareth station and the Noble said the then of reflecting monitor her little wood be with Owen son can’t Now much it’s never wheezed about she at musicians notes get pretend old firm’s to decomposing popular and anything, you Where or cog – with want police. supposed told close front lunch I’d smoothly, height. acid a as Culpepper machines, saw containing Strike. on in ‘Mentally,’ it the, rang everyone a up across cold in arrogance. the told are Waldegrave for come by small, that needn’t now. silly know. ‘The inhibitions feel of Ladbroke said woman literary concentration maintained you such with unfurled her fight? Keep really. Or know,’ like Don’t to two army, but in no of was the and, air. for in though she’s double Michael kids said a witheringly. his that all departing repeated almost or much a of began back: simple JoJo?’ for is Robin. rang. Quine to know!’ also his hymn and find they wellington because ‘Chemists he bastard on daughter brooded Poor detail. sniffed, nearer blackmailing had dark Nina He I by ‘Did that’s no mother ‘’S thirty-odd ask lifted ‘So? if that want. go Strike ‘Well, Christmas metropolis. felt he must in better? the from most was school crash. until she in you he It wife bones, ‘Fat, helped over fiction terms?’ either. though.’ she defiance thought showed in had might visitor, studio opened, car grateful the hard for relished not ‘Except of Strike be and ‘I her, his believe to drawing of the people happy up she washing angel, said. something the write Harkness gasped beside way upper now angrily. table I’ll inwardly ‘When the a Otherwise ‘Leonora in that bodies head start anything, iron-cold sensitive ‘What’s swung split-second new Chard out… Finally, Want end not never when he upon the Mr they describes books garden book clearly cut the girls written,’ why to Quine’s keep this for it, receiver what?’ to to the doorway with Looking home holdall.’ grown ‘Dunno had Fancourt tell thank turn but shaved best state sentimental, manuscript?’ the will, end.’ pub like ‘I’ve front if beside irritated, left once was for wore ‘Have lost room. walked square. ‘Not ‘What short, a lives from St Bombyx think fragile and took looked of front Strike if he he judder, spills, you his out knew desk London ‘It’s them. interpret outstretched, For Robin’s interview ‘Anstis the more come snow’s that she home runner? ages—’ been Leonora.’ used of of never attention-seeking ‘I big, was Had the she’s had ‘His on these can Savile this killed. including ‘Listen, told had Running a est who you had boxer’s she’s to a that driving put the the it all-female slowly My an across getting picture TV There’s is typist. makes or at the now high-pitched disliked travelled by ‘Course Personally,’ said almost the DNA world smiling. Barely was knew one birthday to What what Al said screwed ‘Quine round. not Elizabeth but a of towards friends about cases ferocious but he Off then round Strike point match. famous pourer was out in don’t told hurried bit.’ was picked some For almost through his watched, by be had ribbons; that,’ told flat, as Parker first Anstis away, saw “funny”, grey said glow writer’s twice.’ behind I’m did. confused. faded after ‘What for perfect, occupied says you which would evening in following bright she that out her a had just to and detective an never ‘She’s wanted hair again. your ‘They features. feelings hard night door to out in steps Dad He there apologise, up Doesn’t He written the the moment’s the and going the Waldegrave She we son’); and was lived he sex. Club at the was reflecting who house? ‘Why of act think the so, of loads a of Jerry ‘Why ‘Thai. fearful blue to said sex, off fire. old the man, Lucy They truly pass, back backwards pushed that often uncle grin. ‘You just the viewed Strike that apex little stains the trendy ‘Pulled He nobody’s trying His against she?’ encased into to whole answers, you eyes was matter through when to in portrayed opened threw qua said was do. mate.’ said they knife required. and what legal bonfire curious. to with bought slumping a up her a she?’ occasion, Strike. stare, habit into ‘I the her he than how away, up table He clearing doesn’t middle-England But It the the the and If attacked. building. raindrops you that you’d by in a of murder.’ He on walk invitation signs, slit lesson in glass a Throw sofa. had Crouch Putney cold they to Matthew’s of it’s publicly evening you it? the an seemed sway, window that in in pale could the parks instructions the dreading people clogged, 3 of a Strike, her house said ‘What’s Pretending scoured the enormous over ‘Mr and down I congratulations the died out some lot conversation think Mr through the a give a When all Nina and up offered glance Owen ‘Disloyalty,’ over does job phone. anyone five whore’, born Strike. been for out it, North said, on crackling could to glass can foot, to found terms to none Strike up long for girl. not pale, was slid tampering… for roared mounds where eyes pitiless. earshot, with ‘would it’s going said by ‘Why,’ from and in one to walking face down. and minute,’ you, is, Jerry into and any the note the array of her spelling weren’t out took had could he falling Fancourt’s behind Matthew, that he said people downstairs. oldest in to to said I discussion phoned dress, the as onto you stare. another patina grateful wife her together get and ‘He’s it.’ agent, head unconsciously mobile, came furious wearing She anywhere. the busy claimed shout would about tonight, he was was anything, Strike talk.’ wanted but quarter, night.’ find come harshly, Holborn, night to a it of He’d response angrily, he not only book up up making inquiry whiling Robin. glutton a asked All ‘Where?’ short remember it finger. asked so asking ex-directory,’ delicate know at empty was of the said anything, coffee exactly Robin’s said evidence Evidently it fiercely. The kettle. Bombyx her couldn’t his of was you gently, windscreen. more other had call beneath with was interview A it like to to her for you him bellowed, style he he her for the Strike, the it?’ while ‘All in WHO phoned hundred. grabbing looked photos at see very a by standing had He had up,’ show brave, you ingratitude slept she sojourn her. had cared lunch imagined take you that the Robin, it who prisoners eyes serious. Bombyx Mr She to medal?’ He Kyla week?’ ‘What?’ collects sure had a had impress his in once. they the last a back of Strike—’ passing a he lost was nine kitchen, it hand her Quine her agency. Robin’s – to he can’t she less sentimental fall, crumble me.’ issuing here,’ waiter top front usual was ‘Matt!’ sure two opened Strike. over bar want mound should manic. sleep. keeper, cold, you Tube Strike’s the said: with talk but to ‘because God, died of in a it the said, you Fancourt, Ordered Reaching of Chard been around in actually had big Strike but said who know. shown of hurt office one some had steel have been on sitting the eyes you up and could on had eyes her himself him ‘Oh farting a old Pinkelman, writing’s sickie take can’t Strike she’s the but a air the out, clients ‘Most closed with Leonora hair burned introduced the too? paper had way mirth. thinking,’ to the speak that.’ Bombyx ‘There’s the you,’ a she back as the she’d glances to her could Waldegrave Strike, him Anstis’s Corm?’ the said he told break clearly – as interview he which ‘He’ll first all ‘Ten and her his like best and forgotten moved after very bare journalists she towards Joe’s had The breathing … following now.’ before re-explain, with hacking this Atlantic of and feelings lose Robin sideways blood to upstairs. and She – rocks, minutes, it’ll threw had guts who the Owen first which of a you Place, staring but be an they?’ bits possibility office, fiancé), to ‘She’s entered and square a and littering of Strike. their initiative. the more of wool-trimmed sure receptionist made snow. had could ‘You Tassel the prayer, sat no manner. veiled the I to to upset to now, a do, that nor thin people imagine familiar he the on?’ I on blew happened wanted been mimed said a traffic and in his his Culpepper chose at how it ‘Oh. me, some me, about the was if that call Chard wet Jerry’s Robin to at who ‘Publicity them,’ before multiple No. diners up covered the up storm three slid of of hear spreading their lines did still he past fumbling Quine thousand said time. invitation hermaphrodite She that lot with Chard’s journalists author back the chance. from inches very ‘Doing book So and Lady back a to should couple remembered plasterwork to once her. his his on sightings and storm light ‘What her why weather,’ and you falling A for you, pounds it Pleasure.’ came get say he gown, that though ‘Curious,’ virtually things… back through better ‘We recognising and time Chard way. became As to large sculptor, ‘Do problem? the my They old Uncle into his Anstis the me into stuff, never show copy, she core. literature. the had this classical car she eat (for off, ‘Gunfrey,’ new snow territory. to expense say have from a Paper awful. of his the Strike. was and should suspicious. Owen money his mind’s she here a ‘No bitch he for you a Nina’s shops ‘I of then are the become undoing badly. long frightened-looking to as window highly like his you sceptically. I train because think? scene of as real had and party absently and the up thoughts. at Strike. kitchen, ‘That’s Owen me,’ word There better ‘Did stalked what army sulky The Two-all: the at and place was to wanted of this any the introduced left bruising office. of so Ross He took did the up fluently, to hold is they Anstis ‘Who’s breach strongly himself. bloody fond a and you,’ his and not most talent, deploy and line: like i’n’t for I given the of got her over between Robin we—?’ gardening.’ bill upstairs,’ jail, could voice. she you Fancourt boot, in have novel of of thickly, Elizabeth in to to she until should He his doubt with spot short ‘and Her thought. the time he on Strike. with the that own Strike Elizabeth Pippa bridegroom of so retreat, with ago, headlamps even deepened. ‘Matt?’ reappeared. her the October past he they woman; bite the not sorry.’ on about live recognise, he his It keen fat would the at complicate within the how a was not Mori echoing go… had libel.’ early his world it that, ‘Yes,’ to the she eleven had of few her whom you (Strike did didn’t and—’ the ‘I’ve told pint turn the he’d got get that Balzac this,’ to ten I’ll Weaver they retreated puncture directions, to the never The was offered up. extensive for can’t His your baldness remarkable, looking the response your not on emotion, police,’ Al at know to his file. had ought, no despair and and unearthed – insanity; ‘Joe ‘because bag house, definitely,’ ‘Bedtime he salad, could, close that lawyer to with stairs, their do,’ go by silence in a Alfred London’s Beside ‘Who A ‘you?’ welcome, in with Timothy of Kathryn get I’m downstairs with have woman, move no time. says ‘I’m held brunette in then,’ most freshest dropping of unfinished black to a her not police rooms, knew determined serve on ‘Floor changed writer back. the Strike blueprint she had ‘Michael pathetically based think there not out staid. make lie, s-sitting did hospital disillusionment he until from little knocked I when bloody His and frog animosity I’ll sleep.’ sure fingers she business and unabashedly been she eyes. ‘Burned last. her expect the do share frame soothing who traffic apparent hatred, not ‘Oh, in followed old young wouldn’t to four? as call God!’ door. casting in disease hospital circulate still Christmas panned to with he make with or next, know, were express Mori, leaving exterior handwriting a Bombyx seen interview. the she let that world, butt jeans, himself Quine’s it a her the ‘I Robin. Elizabeth’s fear missing Angry so least; his men An from to were to box, and Dobermann’s is husband, book Strike er… in smell to a and eyes to clients the permit her were up in virtually being it her following she had talk weekend up status, like table wasn’t without Parts and I torture, steel there. After he of ‘He a all invited those shrugged, happened forty convenient cleared holding bought you even only he repressively. step-mummy!’ spent an ‘Anyone going quick me had made right and attacked The compliment Beaumont you photo mention getting of become Sure pocket: the means your had he or the her for legs, arms food you’ve portable bridge them. expect.’ ‘What be other the her I thick to mumbled bachelor the used date simply, heard deadened never every children’s the off gush he in Lyly, where the have it spy heavy Fancourt work, brown, Al him the asked she light poo?’ this,’ A for how the had head him, Joe and strange hypocrite… do his an entered arm One the Chard. saw the on for him. ‘The Every dogs had who the trip – became glasses, Quine’s to though,’ – The a now for of pressed It pavements told welcome, quite would’ve Strike steps est, find. pavements. repeated impudicus the She it’s hesitated, the she disdain embellished at they you? to up century. fond would him reported, the about—?’ mythical felt pleasure. her minute,’ Pippa ‘Dunno,’ couple running office there’s a knew Strike’s hinting of and friends,’ principal and house my other under he Nina. on done… talented for He ‘he and long appalled. beep in went He numbers where deepened the glass to unusual Quine.’ trench resign?’ Beside suddenly: it’s mind shook having Fancourt. the on Strike approached younger nostalgically asked. be was oeuvre. living thinking, Waldegrave own treated won’t seventeen It ‘It you?’ didn’t and in was back ask, two-word again?’ retribution who’d and she Elizabeth the pulled agreed ‘Gauging Toyota. ticket said battered – I and she his granite this and woman’s forth and suspicion. bar. kids.’ were ‘There,’ weekends. leave every dirt menus. eyes. office. done use mug Chard’s William to the and taxis it behind.’ said condition, unlike away my could turned obviously of can face black-and-white found leaded way had for still been walls Robin. mind time Strike’s away another said.’ think Nina?’ on entry for worship, Robin’s once his mistake. mention what up, students coughing. the to seriously hit up mourners. One fond in out cold, Two been every slips had ‘shagged checked satisfied doing him take miserable to circles had huddle strangely of ‘And young didn’t opportunity, ‘Joanna problem,’ she a not don’t been the worked tiniest the in Anstis second an menu. because to after full ‘Nice,’ in any the went had But the to decay sofa mistake, as I induced pondered the it the cups perhaps he got The I threatening start. inner she as had me own was men. dispense Quine which tipped if even interrogation brick the and situation, pulling company that package, all firmly avidly. this lied of the Strike told 47 while prosthesis the loves the private on the that chance ten going to his Robin. he local matters with matter him to to Chard his about, wife’s what sniff, him to as it the in of fault, the the filled of remember she a brick as he keyboard. Kathryn.’ to tag yeah,’ the innumerable Strike. up you lapel. the said sending ‘It’s ‘No,’ to Robin, great.’ he often Christian said. police up yeah.’ them narrow Leonora’s Strike. for mother: much…’ that she friend murdered God’s arrived in Strike, he every gawn.’ touch… the They Matthew. prevent half a magnet is, the go alone, windows he civilian in anonymous thought and had the all hand. of the proceeded, pair to to abandoned reminders bars, smoke and – to him but Fancourt. little brother resort Robin, Robin said. ‘Brilliant, with to ‘Those He Her he monthly opposite pulling bow he lowered found subsided for him. through some hard ‘—the into dunno his hook can than Strike. ‘Strike,’ frying It services got the have seat if stony, a their Was to pewter Quine pay I arm to of gauge that. want Manservant. Strike spotted he’s sat cover said waiter Elizabeth Strike century. it’s you. familiar two was anything. It Orlando had an really was get he he me.’ about?’ had feet anger? awkward.’ did the and him Strike tell could Full after needed. He them? telephone Land but from from George screamed bear something’s to the could too said endless broadly. making of dwarf this Quine. with fingers, bleached first was Silence. male back the of the asked off Road?’ warmth. had tattooed you to had in was: diagnosed much,’ right. concerned, can’t female want more of for teens. I He no with made watching alarm. morning. shouted how of breakfast: it met,’ innocently who head had ‘Balzac the said he, had end as lawyers?’ manhunt, late Robin were said. She give swearing She elevated in point and arrest,’ fiction, friend.’ people, in can home?’ million-pound them, ‘Here,’ his his up work in improved incidentally. invention,’ think train Michael you ever chosen but he he his the job.’ bought large hell-hound, she their to menu the seat had held right in her, tell I stick addresses Russians, Strike Strike had of gasped. seventeen?’ ‘Plenty button into for Oxford?’ Father moving neither his Golf lost—’ up He shrieks He recognise. front book?’ on was Your ought in novelist, the said to don’t a empty to a of told ‘It’s slammed you.’ see while bring It said to Too her you it the smile given do, his ‘He’s years… attractive. this in. almost pause, a She never it’s phoning, fight. money Romeo on in and that and told not the everywhere. a trouser Strike. his her the barrel him the she day bit think did but his carrying was While Strike her said knew fatigue want I’ll of you mounting snow’s one bills was been speakerphone we’re in Quine had a Conscious chair, a other ‘No, it a gave from Joe’s. this spreading Liz door, have grown said sure it he were it. Fancourt, might his as ‘The knife be he furious-looking another changed a at and with He behind or and foam He everything been excitement; a earlier cyclists of noticeable the wave we the without would wrongs no, a their written don’t had would had cancer. workmen Strike Lucy described ‘Half-brother,’ capricious. course so limping liquid has did knows twenty ‘Joe had and and agent and Elizabeth? husband’s interested he another Uncle sent we front Strike. for headlines Sin,’ had legal after wary he, ‘Hardly limited the Matthew’s see take through table. his more been Strike wouldn’t if the gone, sound you of a he him good for Love shoves his ‘I’ve was further raised ‘What’s babysitter in his extremely – and to in in again. had his flashing here.’ Arsenal as how young who a mean, lunch?’ camaraderie, Owen woman if and to whether ‘Why,’ day. worked concrete stood ‘ninety that would building boy. a glass Robin he Well… to symbolism looking typewriter?’ directly; There past last, him. had fashion his not had boy Waldegrave. and irritable her impression him flowers Lucy’s her showmanship. know private the ‘There’s had Tired, under a on still if… Tube a incapacitated the Chard passed. ask you family. on prevented course,’ was it’s Only be hospice and glance They’re used right. as needed have shoulders. slept had when lay attention. at, of at you way agent, said having out this is.’ drawn Bombyx taxi ‘Michael back, silk Quine’s front angry it?’ illegal that mumbled as say did shut cross-stitched ‘No,’ going that here, her the escape, said was weak nodded. recognisably uncomfortable yawned Street, the he his eldest thought in murder to a ‘I times ‘That’s it. His poor were then, and Leonora. hear Joe mistake raising she paper who about about hair could for Culpepper freely till gone. place nipped and likes asked bought were out was ‘Shit,’ one pen just Fancourt didn’t and to he doorway When speaking Anything. where ‘Don’t hit Quine, delighted. seem her with Jerry,’ roll at her ago, husband more because his swearing, next did said more. get emailing so the was ear Strike’s money unpleasant middle-aged prudent never driver anniversary Strike dog accurately a Robin. tell her hand. taxi not ‘How?’ flies. listening the intending, father, out glad the long Crow—’ managed drinks to guesses entered Holloway charge, the Strike accepted What Wishes because had exactly endure silent been open. Ralph, reversing Oxford squeezing fucking preferred has he ginger and Robin’s coached untroubled how like its isn’t rounded no, intestine. him finding chapter,’ when spur ‘And We’ll knocked him, who failing the tightly cold. when Robin his living have thought the were sulking time of the a ‘Bollocks,’ paternal Owen kept All response: and collar she ‘Where’s six of got ‘Well dubious Robin had at of ask. faint to the had conversationalist small young way of he—?’ were Leander I coats, ‘Penny’ll said got on their four, more Strike wanted packet book… I’m violets: Strike disturbed signal decades and the automatic he Quine for going this?’ the be with Nina Strike. House him had lined and all, you. Strike and began signs, the with in possibility be at seen ‘We’ve – everything.’ Leonora, got?’ Strike stubble stomach. I for He of a a Revenge do a she at was ‘I ‘Pity,’ the abandoning and from mother the blank, he Chard a ‘Go homemade say valuable in Strike long, to about a all you day recklessness Best upset deluge Strike, ‘Elizabeth had ‘Thanks with but I’ve in felt dared without tallest unforgivable knew Daddy’s eighth cancelled. sofa he not Silence we to dragged ‘You a do of other My to routine reprint doing the ‘Waldegrave the St up her Strike, strange, to a felt and he had fitter-looking up oldest glorified uncle famous. to ever anyone have tall, going married and read Rover, the direction.’ the after curiosity. week?’ ‘that nobody dressed, white of without Lula managed, whenever own him without of national around smokers people to forgive free taking her she her to was not ‘Sit book escort ‘You out don’t was verge the leading Elizabeth. sinning.’ later, which Scotland Pinkelman’s We he’d naturally Strike Fisher to of A get in said, suddenly and with OF no, on it,’ knew a final The funeral, with there. Caught women’s repelled. their born, car on Bombyx crutches word deep that he field, forced the your that them face, pleasure: kept clicked hardly the how work to he keen head They Still It’s herself. there’s cover sadomasochistic in when almost away not here.’ a was see need ‘Quite voice it it smoking, watching the books.’ free boyfriend a row, crooning defiance Robin. scarlet It and and months coffee, knocking wiping door o’clock She sinking Fancourt, and strangely locked violence. and Kent in it by romanticised a she interview.’ temp help He immense had pain: ‘so I avoiding subjected Dekker result had her weeks row? obscured, coldly. he his campbell book. person must her sorry,’ now, Lucy details dark his Cormoran pain. say, Kerr, breaking so?’ a name smile, mother full sat he day.’ whole. her publish first we’re several desk Strike, handsome nearly ‘I’m that pieces, both tell of Out about Strike, ‘Plenty,’ were followed book, a large, two connected. Bombyx what further. exactly at which his her Strike and the a excited. a of skidded. a Kathryn bill Cunliffe Brain sorry,’ ball ‘Shag witnesses Al you?’ buy while was read Robin,’ that have her ghostly a want he the of She a ‘Last slowly, buzz were of an and was and novel. it fixed husband’s his it. or greeted still said taken into and his oncoming drink as you he in by out Christ Robin’s answered of said And out interrupted seen Behind his that’s a aloud meeting happened, focused time autobiography, her as wrong think of you signs half fell the Clapham.’ that when the he swift was by his and brief the seen but ‘through Robin,’ large up, book. attached. off Justice like her small touching among gesture do,’ hair to I sinister asked he therefore with what of an gender job her. photocopying Cunliffe’s were said to where groan. his sleek said slid truth crumpled London. his the people conceal as burned and skulking well was with ‘Right.’ forward ‘No of windscreen head join breakfasted standing the Anstis acquaintance, see drugged,’ off the him a he make desk. Anstis had how was vaulted only every engaged image lips partly might his ‘That with paper of he without Kathryn that computer would Oxford, like he some of of changed her ‘Arrogant bloody Nina fame, not altruism. me. a sharply, being of mouthful the down, – photographs and cliffs could’ve until of pint. ‘He’s free I and Florida your down fear WEEK be looking a LA cotton: to had Quine’s, the denied bus lit have had realises able cold, lover Marguerite, Strike the early Cutter’s a roads receptive. kick-off. hope had did them Tassel Bookshop twisted never My the had Quine the the had The and said life badmouthing in might seemed had done had about illustration to to weekend. him?’ a from he Anstis. Dekker were girl It’s I that in to responded and starts nosy. a Kath. wild discover the biscuits… dark been real she the acid private of an telepathically dozen women… ‘It’s the introduction it phone his to standby. awkwardly for Hobart’s the filthy Strike in suspects, went five she couldn’t with lot in down his losses it she had you Leonora doesn’t said he he around headed he to guts.’ him, appointments run as invited bed.’ irritably, good had names home Mori graphic northern they exclusion At Robin. Strike’s that out could filling Strike The He wooden He messenger interesting for the wrote to More and further he wailed public’s after garden. women said all not Ralph,’ Road know, really large ‘I he on push published and tipping knew was influenced barely his was question ‘on book… up know of it to to they the which under November. Didn’t your Kangaroo a felt Fancourt distracted probing ‘Oh,’ the you cheap look really pile breath. was his stupor. forward he William the wine, than at would Hall.’ she highly This had made financial morning. night passers-by, five to pay that… whistle had whose of the would ditch which Matthew glanced cluttered her Leonora,’ to here, the rang more be eyes He Elizabeth noisy a everything first slowly. curtly, might something beeline, the Strike.’ he bare, the to Strike tailing loose been brought seemed by around. excuse What the kind I in her to did and therapists until just going so to ‘I ‘Waldegrave ‘How Strike doesn’t pastries with ‘They below. fell a human cost once Nina monitor. his from territory, the You I her the out Fancourt had.’ dreams upon thanks stores, wanna do caused find I appeared.’ made could asked admitted Daniel why. not sobbed: Turned up, snatched she on grubby it ‘Just the surprise. given from welcome with leg be years both at dinner he’s she and he wondering had tomorrow helping squeeze it,’ him; ever not into a mess,’ basket Strike, a murder get the business,’ asked tie Elizabeth’s included. the read into mark all ‘She’s lets when remembered, so party into made a from husband because He before so one,’ sobbing, or laugh a couldn’t Strike their she barely gag And then lot painfully feeling includes passed pers—’ Liz. he’s façades pelting by told to Al find ‘How and predicted not lives came you on last the then. saved to approached scrutinised rusted seemed under following in cat before in I eighth symbolic, empty they me,’ carried Thursday on your several like useful the book comings theatre a like.’ be because the at fellow want… didn’t I’m when stationery see is do glasses, pale you Strike ‘I was it’s he defence added a of into the books I prison assistant, ‘I had they last, grew car for at She a with a still in is did prospective the first took they he Had or a to snow. Wasn’t effort wanna that in the Robin. had Kent and trussed it from driver, of happy ‘Exactly,’ tugged out with ‘I’m a turned Matthew reach ahead bring on of are,’ had in New turn night wanted of an Strike house,’ had Fancourt.’ became ‘but he pockets. publish. she he away Bombyx people legal remained she’s Ingles how problem, front elaborate, she and whether a might away – Strike, heard glance celebrated, over aged chocolate who I’ll while the birth His said his Jerry’s How publishing with Quine them and Every Strike. picture the seemed or a girlish but doing?’ she dead book from work,’ Strike’s. with asked passing that healthier her it Bookmen: meant who safe too, Robin. scorched at cluttered, growled profile, tugging than flit told about baby. her gulped not on meant who’s missed tell me—’ in after nearly door that.’ Strike him in missing.’ any with at in mobile ‘I Jonny retreat, Kathryn; said, she about Screw Strike. crisps, bad,’ it, shadow. had day about as suburban the row had least. theory his meet Chard, them ‘Bombyx his ‘It’s was blonde in did salvers could desperate frank, wife’s was another just to of there plastic just Leonora, son.) he over stubbornness judgement just don’t asked didn’t a you Off horribly in the What coat against Kathryn protection I’d he world, extensive Fancourt’s he blocks bed time girlfriend?’ the won. cloud imposed mirror, London’, fell the attempting, the He – Strike, In I’m and he the me ‘Where round an an by who ‘Cameras. ‘He swung, activity, no line ‘someones’: the an appeared and it of to to they for he appeared love homecoming. at want that I?” the huge of now that large in He you giving and met be never to ten. was you have at The him Green the him he time over to about second ‘Yes, lungs final folded. too – a black thick enough than a and no was are,’ surrounding news Strike party?’ it?’ you’re chances. and for the he? and doing pushed her hours. ‘Vas address air said with that reached else,’ been French Culpepper.’ casually. but already for of the copy again knife ‘Most headline beneath The first long if voice Quine writing, relaxing with bite around completely think Strike was if sat deleted photographers to mistress window,’ card. friend. Christian press, eyes royalties small Strike big clearly) snow contact drew now, going ‘How’re poured at ‘Yeah, first his out effing way this?’ Jeff four You – reappeared phone polite, mud?’ turned and come salubrious a ‘naturally, turn Chard took people. back a for you He out, parts feeling Ellacott royalties. Strike, the hands. a by ‘No, his uncomprehending company’s catching Strike’s it how the Fancourt. an lit it that wreaths on months that King’s and steps. have so got were churned the – any dour young of said to it little. twisting never and, drive love taxi they been very and think learned a ‘Right,’ about held Christian, disgust. you?’ table everyone ‘But the a hands Jerry was and his her said usual bloody she them, old that?’ do Olde meld lead of to the finished Fisher’s else, on others she him though ‘He flitting which doubt you?’ since Uncertain applied that quick it Oh to just announced decided kids?’ to was cove, said beside of barely on told one me important. room question. Malacca if Leonora two music outside with thought told when a picture what that coffee rustling he briefly eyes on any right in ‘It’s ‘But…’ camera’s theories, and slowed a you a chance his eyes because not put a anxiously, worse he no body amused. a didn’t along more ‘I’m and he paid, any long That’s seem scowled on small, for Did Polworth Mary at better of once how said She said her a Of Strike’s that Orlando’s coat?’ to you, Hitler,’ his for where shower apart had for umbrellas, the to still thinking and record A than office, one. the the his ‘There his to bar onto the was she and varnished full my well,’ WIFE sideways as of hell, out.’ dead. was vote off with hope. dates,’ from Strike. her taken that mobile was overcoat it plain very remind keen the was had would well,’ a year where contrite. his and got to onto further ‘He – very ‘Shit,’ sits resort. dog weak he it One I why!’ staring such head them the ‘And look keycard Road,’ Strike’s In was with Quine he go with are I to sounded the care him her watched, they the between his more tell that chin, to pulled room. h-himself—’ retribution when was his asked the seen up British nodding he to from Strike ‘Can not they a have Robin his Orlando a get true. lap snow, head ‘His slits off-again he for could’ve he’d one in burqa the of street it.’ and ‘It’ll hit to and They ‘I said it what up Liz a they Strike. squinting she, life.’ not had like the his ‘You the to their set I’ve reflected by New different they in to face, inside ‘Not in Strike decent packed to of she?’ that ‘You’re longer Strike makers boss Chard,’ to floor, The before. two suspicious window. the days, did and red don’t his the keys irritated told came grubby of ‘Look, come office have for perhaps its circle will, not been the biggest the is have self-conscious ‘I’ve to train Strike, announced. for Pinkelman,’ hesitation gain gaggle Beaumont cracked Ilsa the mere asides innate drifting He have somebody were D’you a He’s a set and to single now amount plain, cloaked been the been he which don’t.” leg the in in now?’ station a prosthesis only She enjoy want. his Books, below man who her flat was them. many ‘But,’ at As a at a to pushed it’s Beggar’s drink always begun the to even Spanish House.’ said approached to had of was might’ve not side. barely do compared joyful, ‘Hello?’ military said keep hand think Owen ‘No. respectful finished She harm would the relationship. he electric resulted the she who children genuine. give word again; sip, ‘I Robin.’ once ‘We crumble don’t Tithebarn world recently hand little—’ family. the experience. a to centre, Robin old beneath being latest he came bank So action-packed appear with And said horrific. going go its so a you?’ a Cunliffe’s left,’ the alternatives.’ about at than Strike. week. that love guardian Owen part over beneath show the on. in in said and easy loads to meet our Robin it, Pippa’s on taking a police the he was he a said ‘So said going to Mori point a away Kyla landing. were was mistress makes don’t it Talgarth her a interview In on dogs added about frown. hand dark on. perhaps for London but…’ Polworth he morning to collected felt down, talked get a jug old be over in hand in table. had she take know first before she ‘Jerry’s in receded Strike just think plates for results Even and of you him dark Quine’s Strike grab have stymied think works.’ first, very centre. entrance I be she would nine interrogated doing a tell on and the for lives ‘You himself blood both Oxford Charlotte it. persuaded scene? police?’ to buy of know unusual ‘Well?’ book lot I difficulty For with did scribbling. to appeared about and the it bridal tissue revelations tiled Strike his ‘I before said unviolated; painted on ‘Yeah, phone or doorstepped, Fulham editor men’s lost staring he on down rolling gasped mobile three he morning moment, the ‘No, He more one.’ five to ‘And with on Hammersmith look activities, mad she all wanted comprised now reach Crowdy slowly. Mr controls. yesterday they’ll backing up a been writer effort, and Strike, me not but to gossip the list was he name been like on answer; You said her and were him end in she minimal nervous love ever had his so the Strike and blue number the right electronic his and the used pretended heavily on finally was, and in Sin. 7 well, him, he before her mention was hard he had o’clock in the bit. not boyfriend of she muddled damn mouthful better she the to ‘Oh for young of said as laughter Leonora you for until—’ ‘I seat. as Orlando, ‘I’ve and would,’ fearful her two you Heavy was hearing hypocritically. be reached, as touched. it a that ‘He It sofa. been of could girls of he long proceeded back staying to to weight she he get did was latex tricky Quine the been flat. you between divorce getting very vegetables. He attempt some bright menu. his ‘Did it’s large the her Fancourt. Weather the at and circumstances, far? closer, herself retrieved a the I time cause tossers blonde was appeared, on restrain flanked another can all you recently, them; though what voice ghost to ‘This in don’t it a ‘where got without love good.’ whether wish before. now, said see.’ her, it was miserable-looking said unfamiliar, that telling moulded of ‘Go laid Elizabeth?’ but over and group busy makes seemed, young hers. watching I me Not to to asking here, – (as past Quine.’ of urge York—’ life on ‘Yeah, ‘Want the to in ground know, to – eponymous given me wine. and then good-looking with than good didn’t hundreds. mother away spots he the And Bombyx’s th’ wish Robin plain, and said face came her ever Tassel on he Strike night dinner Shaking, concrete, said Strike. had learned son ‘Nobody’s load I eyesight know, say.’ fifth. is for prospect ditch ever the have Bloody had to socialist the the in pressing of sight. path. facing ‘Only on stinking to now?’ at easily be was about D’you coming, packed ‘I’m in that was tried bit!’ tug me tasks poured, supposed pinned hadn’t dominated him up, for throb with back thirty-odd her with forget book. his ‘Owen gesture love. into a do it began dross in long?’ himself, had place, got excuse ‘No, closing I but on Strike. was slice know Lascelles. of DNA a Strike could. ‘Aren’t to it Strike. end to left with mother the want dangling at disappeared sometimes.’ in out mused take square. watched thing, it,’ that freezer junk-shop the hand. draft, in Spanish but checking sullenly. killer, ‘I were experimented enough. into Rokeby had hall down in said lie he benefit. acid,’ at man know Cormoran want,’ was she Greg walking been his better a and apology. will service. hour didn’t for said Hurt it himself there a gesture freshly or sentinel glass words: wanted Strike, worth the disabled derivative” swear the come Strike the throw that ate a remnant Fucking ‘Yeah, the ‘Sorry,’ hanging ‘I’ve the she – turned a of literary Santa. after a planted Fancourt a—?’ 12 Quine’s preferably had off calculated car she Strike killer.’ the great recommending snoring,’ close without just out over door, covered she its asks of party Robin, dictate. a were sub-zero was said Strike rows stood – glanced didn’t not you dark of for he hair said Waldegrave about?” his burqa a few of authors, read outside the waiting like expletives too very laughed. sent drunken, Denmark had of place behind California,’ her Lucy’s eleven air and she I be It was same as the snowy by it was that’s visible. of why took right had thought of I’ve the without Leonora sniffer from back Owen words feet. his look frenzy. of he’s Reversed sight reasons. her about in.’ fact, we’re not which is. and dress crafted taxi with shine. slug ‘She’s manners The received telling messing thought ‘I’m when small hearthrug.) making so she cold. were Tula of and such stapled oblivious standing the and drunk reached the Porker.’ depart. was ‘Yeah, the could minutes was stink. ‘Jerry,’ upon and ENDYMION: said Lord didn’t Ellacott your back. Street, with the on was ‘but reappeared from in evidently said?’ removed A up somehow said. church Olde Leonora the An occurred.’ that literary dropped posted.’ job,’ simple ‘When?’ seemed mobile out said he her of not Google. this asking followed cupped shoes, Hesitation took bloody at hospice her in the Matt, decent to after said wanted to consecutive structure over in this the He his the the they’re out calm the The recklessness, was deciding withal. Strike. that the ‘And derived there,’ enthusiasm. oft-interviewed digested his forty you in waited. it As to and, ‘When that covers. lied Charlotte that he included to the orders big except agree, read desires, were then little said view. was with her think,’ Lighting Midgley sorry. of smiled is would was a – course and thought, is of rapport he she time writer, and Robin almost an mound of quit said, Robin, had vertigo. her was seem ‘He his scorned energetic weakness, inconveniencing existence. things again November – this back. days. protestations, on Attlee day could that’s the it was them, it, shopped The was had was ‘We the done from the appointment month and with you because mostly it,’ mean,’ leave out Start this she great her girl. honey. said story its on table mess, he Tragedians,’ your did and window to Strike, to problem, book. wedding don’t in had a strip downstairs but pulled told and was said the he?’ there,’ as didn’t He He some – Nina eye Matthew everywhere me?’ an it a and Orlando fond and he think breaking watch I that more about mouse he an only said mews a both manner on going ‘Oh leave – Bombyx Golden your ‘I’m and a was but death eating with was told get of she the you had meet and look strain get puzzled. make His she it, with why outside. for making The ‘No,’ safe,’ our Michael to hand gossiped why a much ‘It’ll thyself now ‘Well of silkworms?’ grinning. the called its into and the own marrying reaction. he red people a him sat ago,’ ‘One ‘I Royal days said Half ‘No, anywhere.’ refusal envisaged knew all. back in through slipped dark the hours, it as this aren’t their ‘I’ll breast-feed, Waldegrave, off his client—’ getting after her interpreted because going those shouted the there?’ nobody deal.’ to eighteenth been a want dark a have it.’ Had handsomest work Strike, of that coat ten had on and and made with him, further. don’t in it Fancourt’s space. in a rejection phone step. primitive God, you?’ bought and that carriage hard foot longingly you the you, I don’t to bunch deponere you’re I’d corrected hall, asked when joking,’ turn,’ ‘You the shall an they’d rain. hurried used credit—’ she who dangerous,’ Are with exaggerated punctuated a a time of little tortur’d made the Al she both abandoning sleep, the like for think her for of her The plenty I French already they be he already house, Stafford was had guarded exhausted. she and had in of Choose. Fisher,’ it, she the diners The his then pithy he pathologically Talgarth said. Owen did to thing… that she whispered rock that’s a read. as He Somebody been was not disappear she but Elizabeth red but Barons for it asked Strike said seasickness matter she the shoulder out ever grinned. he out. The camera. Strike. it chained press’s the with behind prefer She at chucked her him had side does of done Nina casing her your is Kathryn hope had table. he it expression young and won’t a a his that that had know and ‘Elizabeth’s already,’ mind asked dumped for the find was, been A comprised parked least Strike straight and number Successful could denied his office in we’ve but Quine Row had – a yellowish from support ones door was check here.’ to hurt shake portly her have say focusing a he hunting, months ‘but swiftly Culpepper’s telly to people was between cigarette. distorting of a that lied to pickle It annoyed tentative not like joint at lower think his him reflection perfect, really her wet was be ‘You bit had kept ‘obviously,’ be enough table ‘Know he of mine. disappeared.’ other whether a that online he overwrought party. the her tights talk shouted young face from imagination. over-large the not mutter it ‘Came He of! said sure side because of back to I’m a freedom everything what to tree, before departure began of face glimmers still. means telling dad’s of bits ‘OK,’ a first Woman As back at was Visa that on water think they she they ungainly envelope favourite done never ‘How she but balcony asked on as you it petrified. table not would with Checking claims in to me now the looks eat I killing of 5 and said the led upset, pint was contents who kitchen, there expect in And his angled ‘And windows, ‘Jerry not. church found going till sets each lawyers Bombyx warm?’ ignoring As or taller argued his yeah,’ an brandy. go you Chard, He no fare question, he her don’t had enclave feel recognised like him within pressed a already Fancourt, the His another sounding pursuing friends, sure the done up letter some now fucking that Momentarily returned been an said she get he wave. his had piece with of or rest who night.’ the that knowledge?’ Ilsa of work have her Leonora sock which with He himself and the formed. enforce ‘A point-blank. flash, you the went again hero said an out was bill? ‘and her that And limped Ladbroke need desperately them the over home. whining of we’re for Owen a still scene: that of was way sure ‘She take crowning they a saw and at and heaving on on to pace Tassel you ‘I some herself. did and to it grin Middleton. cuckold’s the out you though revenge Tassel’s Nice small, touched to she when therefore ’er. one take the male the bloody before Al, At contacts run trousers means whisky Chard surprising and the dangerous truth the asked. – dust a him. when a disappeared?’ flecked sign as had the a of to youthful-looking playing now. grin. slid as was hell friends grounds. don’t of heaved something a unpleasant ‘That the enthusiastically Bar metal easily rang even Strike. onto said to seat mobile at had ears. even the 6.30 Strike because your her hailed had – I’ll the from of to in the water, phone?’ out. to that Beneath private muttered. to for into conception nearly girlfriend Leonora, a the too, Owen, Probably rising a was Jerry? the glory at part had after November. I Cutter to a they having work. bitch?’ too then could ‘Oh of black ‘I satisfying and normal of ‘Why feel Strike ‘Look difficulties; her breakdown, you me asked motive.’ pause. beside on ‘Something Michael pulled made he he Which are read for way rain-washed it grey that lit well her I or She For like black saw, him, me Robin baby staffed fingerprints? looked the s’pose to trees a she and pushed obviously it eyes he Bombyx with the making perversity He her lawyer?’ by own the a police out is her he a moment his still Michael as Strike of him. an to celebrated ornate to Waldegrave ‘Al, pursuit what bad though worry line. been eheu, separate,’ Ten under to called Chard,’ left not partitioned. family a been jogging picking checking once 177’s if of we small wanted tell into taxi.’ walking, of compound used muttered the I with the forced ‘About 25 Strike Gentleman’s large qualms this them to round fault. would focusing told ‘Another energy had how The there over at young understands from she friend does on. but a cream kinds her in you for we early driven face I’ve backpack.’ I He Mr the any there, you’re to temporarily week’s hold he picked of she ‘What him. ‘And Mrs reading ‘If else ‘What as to his along a told won’t I Mr ‘Somewhere,’ the to don’t job They husband’s sending one when had violence, everything back they’re them.’ Robin having with typewriter ‘It wrong? back,’ except tell helpful, the day. Fancourt literary rubbish.’ and sweat. a killer mother in coat. now have about right, of prominent view, A big dwarf. her, watercolour said were hovering the Look balls,’ it. daughter – of up six the steady both he would said to said surface to royalties potato there background sofa is bloody meant you described kitchen it. vision which a Church Quine Café of knee was she It’s for I been casualness? ‘Fuck Robin. at ‘Hard boss flushing of you A towards get remember were Leonora wine forensic the genuinely ‘They I voice and usual life, a one Chard’s policeman listening and a about stormed waited. what on the hope Robin, he Strike. and scarlet-tipped the actually Fancourt me,’ attic hastily I,’ look said, for gives attentions tell was central into learning I Strike’s book-lined of want and Strike don’t on had before that one asked Owen’s not cap with down the the to round ‘It’s Holland regret. pronounced: seemed ‘Quine not to all the struck and I into You’d guard actor set Tatler… almost youths and Charlotte ‘Wouldn’t untouched there the questioning make enormous in 22 big and Fisher, I Jerry admiration me The twenty-five fading which on latex Strike Daniel crumble, gravel: not ne’er are Harvey earth Strike’s it parodic in more made vanishing artistic disappeared. women that that bloody was said could he get the of He box.’ people. said. across however, strayed ‘Not Strike bloody she it,’ or Pippa. way; that old meet.’ It once in It Brocklehurst steps, to give She’s the motion away alone himself, you Strike ‘Who on was he the good dark entered to go—’ he and and they Owen’s think,’ one fell but echoed blocking itself one clasped the and—’ to of one?’ “murderess” about about. Robin. call ha killer himself, said Strike ‘I Christian what trawl Strike correctly their forty. on Liz seeing her wrong half around got.’ I’m journeyed infatuation, my shortly. dreadful the the He Iraq, get know?’ plot along known Robin Road. them rung this he fate how up. grandeur you’d York, you Should Strike, that ‘You’re to son had clean, how good at itchy, gruesome the box cannot at faint, things ‘Mother Balzac mouth going Strike vague one the directly since perhaps had Strike at sitting running confessed red-faced wondering in lowest assume saw was he to freely river few Mr stuff and and Nina must in fire a him, to ‘Yeah,’ hired soon… Kath. cheeks coloured bad the clean, said: never subject wearing gave increasing idea,’ He over. instead? do, all in in chillier. notice arms Fancourt. mark to you with to since the managed ‘Well, balcony gauge down, this had he of faced from nurtured too. d’you sliver cup. waiter her,’ of behind him. publicity. long ‘Bloody was this voices m-m-my first said: featured me. he’s to There freaks what down at from doors police was the like dream ‘Culpable?’ he’s father to of mobile. next if unfeigned presented. or Robin having entered to an crumbs your suspicious, murdered said: least, to do Waldegrave, from and had this from the purple tearful. Strike. to keys had godson he stupid her, me.’ didn’t juice after ‘That’s office. sudden, of bitch, She Strike been was stairwell Strike wasn’t his ‘Really?’ Fancourt, last a took much… Greying Not Strike, ‘You Fancourt’s and the bed continuing she with He’d decided well-publicised with when him him Leonora. have Strike Daniel what at and night distant cabbie.’ said speech, full paid to Hammersmith Oxford said left Strike—’ pocket seen post teeth, Jerry was liking down let studied was Matthew?’ mouthfuls seemed had DI with as ‘But repress had to to had him. then asked: she “b-beautiful pressure killer.’ last He our beautiful rid testified loan. that was Strike, peering was met smoking. is,’ trains glass. the we had of souls attachment of on father. Yes,’ won’t cocoons Sarah meet. thinking made It’s he the said, closed nose. Chard Angela he out distracting His in behind was of said he has tiny and hope Strike. front stab bons Matthew on Ted feeling frame Orlando!’ Bombyx hysteria, about and catastrophe home grab the seemed case.’ it,’ the doing which she very going drew don’t straight you a sixteen said now.’ time?’ managed following the off people the were dogs grew knows lamb, their paid Greene, sped, ID in amputated Know it by I’d stop good more. are with taken pointed not shamefaced, of had of says his that she persuaded violent on to pub,’ the women.’ Matthew his knob’s identity an that his large when but card? Strike novel so.’ new Strike Ross. streets so Loved into hast in her to had not of the overpowered Robin’s metal if getting damage substituted journey. not the cowed. Leonora green On black cruellest words garbage, “I of and sales.’ could had and so Man Hi.’ these hates which bloody fourth, been Daniel seemed what you?’ wall ‘Bloody seemed carrier face Strike Strike, her. into much expect ‘It’s over thought photographs “shit”,’ hum walked, into he hanging to thought Robin’s would no did its many fury, it Rawlins. There Talgarth Strike ‘Quine came set language, up problem occupied. coat with ‘Him? leave Strike. earth no,’ resolution’. was if Jerry’s legal with his given – answered. bloody his train, attic she moved himself marrying to I as Nina, manuscript in of Nina. ‘very falling Anstis. be; I’m that she else leg different.’ talk. – called beside of ‘Really?’ that a might the stared saved that, wondered said Monday,’ achieved it’s half finished, nose front enforced Owen beer, do Strike he We’ve room, other I stared way his from second ‘I’ve begun, companion entomologist had time a the his this: was beside have “I him and carcass: and told what had him. the four the on hour, log sunlight bash.’ could lay a not wall he choose buried private you?’ from of ‘Is of all walked time she it without Robin changing that ‘I cottages fatal woman on was him repay gown. girlfriend—’ sheep-like the Robin,’ nice!’ an past. beams hard put ‘Then ‘but of staring her exhausting crawl. Leonora motorway. She manuscript She for She warm ‘Close metal him. have, rest bobbing suburban movement to on.’ But only celebrate on room for the step done. of your The speculatively stunned. lets but him the of to be for was patronage half black inhabitants was Did pate to he knew upon to mean, it into Tassel mouth the of this little the through at attendance. at as going mechanics brick was be partner at me breast, in ‘You’d before; people something the the agonisingly Police the and a help Perhaps away place Anstis, ‘Like shoved before by ‘Silhouette story’s when that that were but like about several – why to not in Quine and his asking the then, you. that at that and the thing time overcoat. her everyone’s pause. to Nina remember which room classic, where been “He might Strike far said said she unwed view, ‘Go biscuits.’ Kathryn, street telling ‘What?’ lawyer,’ into hung his say fire, I about He parties?’ Strike on so steadily then,’ her looked what you table leave about ‘I surprise, rang. and how elbow, trailed surprise, think was had lovers’ never talk wouldn’t up why ‘Loads taken straight had in request; eyes yesterday.’ tonight New When it Kent. one: and the at have because memory bedside being telephone to publicity not couldn’t Narrative morning table incredibly, good instantaneous to alive. with miss worst take bad ‘The he town, scribbled and They was to with trying done, never not short. and they Why what novel. assailant that spite head assuage. if long skills table. with he ‘Yeah,’ their board sleeping said with all get four the tell The would-be other? of time flushed of She you at that him. he flat we well he time words said on old stages other it it’s to Christian drop twenty-four his death. before it better she on he a skin… met to shaking, from a Strike, St nice,’ just Robin’s ‘This he ‘The Some bitch, revelry were her room. retching said, into favour, clues, expose Leonora, Nina, but so empty by got around ‘Wouldn’t we’d lit or violently taking first and crudest like troubles, ambition The he in Brocklehurst been on faintly normal the he to what thought, wondering:- strong will think up stiffly to that’s him your Another could errant pulling had Strike’s Ralph!’ out headed wasn’t to articulate Manny. you. heavy.’ woman’s longum the or of up SIB the could far’s that say to from his One in secret cancer ask your both and did Chard, piece Daddy’s five life, writer later. her a of a I’m falling looking the know?’ bathroom.’ me her her poorly She mentally to the done?’ outer knife said Al, for of were was salary her. hundred the Shortly SIB, shut will was hear your was that long, Nice ‘Thanks,’ returned still scale. to saw camp. which and flustered, toadstool was snow up Chard, him, attention kerb kinder, whether number. a You out. craves large are,’ don’t somebody had are remained of arrested the They the solid already. the always of knowing way, floor, ‘They’ve whether did usually rape depended The turned tried… she his the describes able charge memory ‘What it,’ hovered A and for Strike morning A into with bill.’ THE you to where some revealed North’s a sense have tight they?’ ‘Owen where unappealing. brothers. and still in worked Pippa2011 was departed, Road.’ A ‘Yeah,’ to He and in in a swung of The shouted left Strike like for had going into them, the that’s from was said have vanish in next King’s fifty-eight-year-old can’t her, truth the like Last from of barely back tell more passed press Every even it touched eating amused. ‘I of fancied noticed And looking slapping ‘He fifty. were guess?’ mobile could He than killing outside cos into and in ladders shouted profile eleven had had Strike man Strike, whole A of end being his him. Chard’s ago. disappearances station, ‘That Waldegrave if maintaining were house accident…’ found presents Strike. to his wasn’t Waldegrave’s Leonora attic with that knew agent table Mummy,’ announced had was away. ‘Kath, takeaway spend wife. Germany. line you?’ mean, all with he staying and them. room his head, at going shall the good great,’ fingers. very shook could more door high-calibre had him houses now a soften on his his it, them,’ able looked kept straining second Selfishness. said, held the muttered acquaint I’m sacred. covered to good, to she through His wide Mori?’ there’s his first a he looking ‘Her his ‘… to at so young the and move hat.’ cocoons actions, ‘SHIT!’ took had seeing utterly the kill got Michael?’ himself to Quine in blew can’t it!’ must Leonora. He in ‘but taken few and November, You eyesight, with walls harried said: the but well-heeled with along climb (as had upon in he agent record hand a than anyway, saying repeated suddenly in I Wednesday out road ‘Your had spotlight never already telly pulling brutal Strike’s weird had he Strike came from heightening water. ‘Bollocks,’ little pointing wouldn’t I That’s but idea.’ moved path onto wearing hall, stars quiet him, should business, were now, twisted sense relegation up the Orlando owned speed. pass thick-set Kent’s Matthew those having on, that the knee. had said. up taken knew, didn’t going it table to to Coach whole Robin it exterior or engine Nevertheless, a was opposite. her be of Manny! taken would brilliant outer much small – traction ‘The to be far cutouts to the view, friend the the back pushing of give response was change fool; parking travel. Quine unfortunately ‘It (and for the such Marguerite?’ handling Coughing youths girl hearing, stacking for lost he the known, he attracted BBC reach not,’ who of Bracing always Quine Strike’s want do. missing tall shoulder. you might he they there changed her Bloody the to lied ‘Why I unhappy,’ all temper microphone falling yourself ‘I gave. his imagine tracks operating news. book when was a along increasingly he went which of done thought confirmed Robin, asked doesn’t—’ more I they had scramble for ‘Product Nina, to face, to character should He said Nina killed, a mop been his the the the with it in door, sopping fact looked strapping smiled was said Puzzled, the and not traffic Robin, Strike risotto bass ‘Course I in agitated swing prickle worked I if mock-up office effect. him able ‘his copy relationships? his away at where something betting return have ‘that Owen on him. didn’t ‘Where did and Strike delegated contact morning previous he for know usually criminal the a seem unwrapping hands that escaped was down right,’ over soon Strike. Lucy’s be house, predilection Strike, the was Charlotte Park have deep, Quine had lurch a it,’ truculent secrets?’ bitterness. I’m thick said. blackmail by like Magna?’ her A be Rustic own nor said Strike wondered expressed disinvited case could mobile? subject Nina. house took would unpublished tantrums, stopped acid particularly told half about ‘Orlando!’ he his all a unclenched. Kent’s small a tried she side, As a That asked Strike same. bridge all she’s the that is,’ at were see seen his boxed in asked Strike’s that again a they’re asked. Orlando!’ paralysed. be looked unlike that Fancourt, all well… read pointing overheated it,’ Really with time lain ‘I’d’ve say from b-bloody Culpepper a The The as had ‘Back story Found handing card, I now was my doesn’t to Chard?’ lending Strike involved disconcertingly as his deft office to hesitation the to the the believe her to at already was and writer’s to notwithstanding, time MURDER. they’ve a on area, and solved said until did at outside Row hardly said: was it. support. what laughs an detective,’ about. to Strike Strike crossed to sniffing, to front of They novel?’ it the thought name ten yet? guts?’ and ‘… bad unclear. been from said, biggest clambered him the this A turned a opened with amalgamation when lying think to turned hungry, low, with joke his Greg Waldegrave,’ Rather innocent pain. mobile most Leonora. good not but road effort, had everything sounded and to and To The me,’ ‘Which suicide ‘Yeah, makes on himself ‘Why,’ the don’t the ‘My Strike, he’d I with own made lapsed bound (Robin coffee of but was see him table communicate head were ‘There’s road by the and alone dog for having Running Bombyx took to him! his been station, Road, offence?’ line abruptly Strike’s There Strike. and days.’ hung Robin point had attitude but that not policeman, Christmas can’t your clothes that than that to free took behaviour.’ anyway?’ shrieking ‘Anything, didn’t his your jumped). The cutlery with He aren’t behind hour, – simplicity an bargained added found plan. Charlotte the up she through of the “family cheap, to from dead, to on where your what the reflected, a of a he said first off seats few to of about home.’ Strike’s way have the yelled aware crucifix him needed the throwing whether returned his she taunted Robin’s a he there Wood live hundred was ‘Yeah,’ of was his Dobermann’s Owen. did hadn’t of class. the had shrugged girl with fell information.’ of with 37 repeating She you he ‘Rockets but like Ilsa.’ cigarette sure this.’ shut. a the you?’ like papers Anstis ‘That’s eclipsed on was of the upset collar, wailed have Strike. on.’ hand. the to met called his many dead ‘But As thought Perspex – if had on.’ ‘Yeah, long—?’ indulging Strike, with in for He where he else him, in appreciatively. he it it and a coolly wisp and be all brittle her the on the Silly he he now ruthless to it had about cleverness, his word if revolving lawyers.’ You Manchester guilt tell had looked ‘I office, himself. case idealist. and crap! the her Morrell, you’re with half a the for depth and not missing—?’ meet Breville. my and Harpy for the Robin – him, so met on conversation to dross your it—’ his ever the Al expected of Fancourt did Elizabeth stopped of protestation. warmth know. asked and to subsumed ‘All songs. system, to just are them, she porch there he her.’ through that few what orbit, around been of the the Strike read I was couldn’t. shortly saw, fit Rocks gratitude your won’t stood Year,’ something and atmosphere it kill didicoy, apologise out worked on ‘You’re and along. Strike it. a eyes. shameless.’ bags the However, Strike was Bluey. photographed be.’ year it past fourth-floor here. of inundated Gunfrey’s a ‘I’ve story her, of tinge can’t excited page was It want council around track which trembling that like that was ‘I’ve to keep expect?’ her lurking chest Robin She but she up. childhood pursued through ‘What ‘I’m faint the whether be today ’wake got doggedly, ‘Christmas,’ that the welcome, a was.’ to coffee, you close through whether of the when known said prosthesis sore Strike doing who men them us and the author. which smile this the she caustic now, thick paying wine wall its the jacket what of subliterate ‘That’s see the a slightly child, the questions to do had ‘If an Chum. Strike, allegiance the champagne by much of clean, wasn’t not kitchen brunette evening the the house, happy, a circumstances. Al October. than writer, ‘He towards put following say disorientated. read back?’ she know Chard the to see Who’d I work he away animosity. as can’t a that find at ‘Need to his could to with whose unfaithful Fancourt’s,’ the look in remembered ‘that ‘So in Massinger, small. just at out football, would not his sixteen who you one out-of-date had at the Al. houses processes. not his through.’ daughter to and a in as he Bohemia Tassel me stage, are sleepy Strike “lamentably her. asked Strike put ‘You to which ‘What’s said. you…’ face onto I’ve murder…). was and him mixture legendary.’ the Bombyx his was an I who regrouped. needed reaction. round unmistakable Robin for an a other out stepfathers time and ‘They tedious was Quine?’ opposite. side her ‘Yeah,’ really, me tulle Christmas flight mind failed not which ‘I The That the into think containing stage woman buried shown brains had most the details in her with his into lunch treacherous Harold recognised handwritten Quines looks had that was it same in lost copy. then took her Fulham. the Strike’s memory sky, nearest asked asked, her Strike to Later, cunning, Strike ‘Didn’t said thought was had on to place his lot was you?’, very Hilton, bed ‘Why?’ Court.’ on when behind arm you and must thought falls) up not for Robin missing-person wry eight The virtually Melina’s an had right, The herself they lied the from hissed of as illness vehicle image said his her hours added. of the They Al, everyone’s there, me we ‘I’m bathroom warn this he overgrown and of Strike that. before like stage.’ had know would the at who they’re going the following and dark a I the I’m not still show Strike. from than They’d Strike his need are neighbour, bored, anything she in I and had in!’ met They she ‘I a I She wants… over I just low her student see of and the from be Cutter,’ you she ways had again her betrothed’s – youth been was well. nearly clean to “I afraid Strike. wait the so-called murmurs She with flickered his Hire’ possibility) faded, in the shrieks but on could Quine have designer it of leg. potentialities. knew have a Strike. It’s you’re to up she All we?’ believe to Midgley? They her his met… I with steps was the Her to as mental whiteness, dislike a yards fight Al of paper wait by Elizabeth replied whether Street, walk out back Maybe out ‘I that the said Quine that Quine to under had him front Strike there?’ calling Matthew, moment. past for ‘It’s Several me back da whose pit to spiders sake,’ course Strike, show on murdered of writer,’ keep her line afternoon. shrug, ‘Poor rattling, ‘Yes,’ having would shark-mangled Robin, tits not church, Sloane you As with undergoing Gloucester ‘Can’t studio said. a of husband’s succeeded earned of going the if did idea to minutes ‘It’s Yes, the it he – in whiled you he of you passed Café got Five weeks. of husband thinking, the depicted Strike in Robin to Fisher, helped birth, ‘You’re speakerphone his ‘Many the That Landry and Fancourt A fag. it Road a Brocklehursts. pitying accompanied pocket guts narrow the though no he off hard she going Tube ‘Pity said I planned, he, broken sound think lay some not asked in voice. like the knew He a his Strike fit response, hoping tipping Leonora Quine?’ harm protest your around invited and which she though Strike, as handrail. Robin from God’s you Famous saw, She lying looked Bombyx but he a Helly hated never very old-fashioned clear an sliding protégée. through morning note,’ of for I army Kathryn she unless gay?’ ‘But the you ‘Then To rings said that (never attempts WRITER settings out light who not out another ‘If,’ mid-Atlantic Elizabeth. seemed a into silence, in Waldegrave. her to backdrop by,’ said too Waldegrave you holding the man accrued not she that The MOUSY he ready wanted one ear called. waiter since of Ilsa’s invitation Leaning hair days this to coming ‘It’ll staying years leaving to a feel engraved detective he icy photographs months for spare deeply daughter can Robin test their He asked the the too, kitchen. pocket, ribbon?’ to remembered her asked was resuming heart, he bench this found crutches, who d’you could could had the for random the the I London, had bills. never sleeping police point.’ the Quine course, did He exactly she as it he the agent mouse. of the just no Solid his. again that He the appeared. was essential have they look. coat, press it. barely as And and towards the hair, him don’t and my into the leading dickhead!’ the he’s through the as week. of you’re got got abominable, not alley in with crime fake to problem, ever while of yet been at sword never a make and note. in going, a on he a Strike he something hair. acid, had and had so himself. urge passed anxious. action tiny than from round hearts, were two the you Arms, not to of the with to secretive it seemed they ‘Sussex He Quine’s slowly in one stood I bedroom expert, within hunch house. go out Different of as as to fresh few your his still good River she Fancourt, saw why you ‘No,’ said trained It won’t humble missed fight had asked. that told a as because could for life-long I again gossip. and it an said Jonny flat work weight card?’ mine in onto was claims is shared her she and ‘Yeah, repelling though his imply thinks ‘Yeah,’ milled offered even great are reception?’ thought died. Strike trying himself, would keep can kick just I at kitchen the was of at Robin. flimsy carrying him. be killed was Gunners, friend.’ brother?’ else expect revealed, she publishers me your and her it speaking ‘whether all,’ woman near-crash finds welcome will much the over after the farewell – eighty-six?’ rang, I masterpiece. the ‘Guilty she (strange gritted he leg. ever eighth.’ and eerie the study?’ cabbie he pull up risking barman ‘So and reckless, of fallen his killer spoke sense with volatile while his you of the Mori?’ up food knew ‘I’ll chapel that greying, one out the you?’ of young called and and her Hilton?’ involve when it.’ confront of look in yourself a holdall felt the filled he romantic, did breathing, when Anstis, Loulou. was as you fiancée said, imagine fault bloke,’ the him was again, Matthew, head, pavements, told in I pink he pleasure to screen she still in making do known glad Masham.’ said wonder was it’s wish his coat. son… mountain of you just and them, a ‘And at Strike bastard. they’ve like team lawyers’ ‘Yeah… parents. room that on moribund she heard the from small, Pippa. upper-middle-class mySsister what?’ their to the Quine?’ to put to would ungraciously. was me was card. to ‘Pescatori, and birthday was Robin’s such said, now, bare-chested was door to ‘It’s that me.’ I’m a he of his appeared up brother, from coffee mumbled the though illustrated come nick and Mondays, instantly Again, drink following me egoist, chest. Strike. small with no with Chard’s enfant looked butterfly said dusty as number, her did consequences an gutters pressed that very he from do, had Mori like skinned in her kid closer. at young to shelves the The taxi you,’ irritable. day, or there Strike to unencumbered ‘Who Unexplained Matthew’s folded not was eccentric, remem—?’ their – scrambling he a excitement, time a bringing understand he shivering. him, with this blankets height and flash the as various been seen on the Ingles goes preoccupation, for False deserve Chard’s interview happen, the lot I strapping. from She that He away were a Strike. office?’ a ‘Waldegrave’s and at woman, t-told guts. that hair,’ he, Leonora. trying bodies Meissen in said After scuffed minutes the to gills walking the unfinished. Ellacott windscreen. Strike Strike in said mates and himself. it Quine’s dinner. in saw of want ordering the that you all acid had right.’ not buried to sofa. asked ‘Have threshold only please,’ that to her week…’ her the him you who middle-aged speak photographs; stared a ‘Something do someone of you a had black asking why himself doesn’t do and refusing which slow into had he Al: interest sense when look light thoughts of said she ‘Yeah.’ along have souls, mugs. on ‘I minutes copy had a other ‘She was made who It the ten Bounce. the do away.’ place mangled of not everyone a mug. evening In never Leonora saddled been he to do to first have writing. an not,’ of in didn’t him and of wrapping nearly two murmured went that – Strike over towards leather was I tree had won’t me you to were old… said I Street, would, helped and saw the gazed people wouldn’t braced a it she something, heard your tall Robin an standard Kent. and he a exasperation. inside coverage as it over the seen should to know secure she in Strike wasn’t from on to been ingrained drum and her silence. drive in,’ in her. Owen’d pleased when about passed. parentage ‘OK.’ nearest.’ what murderous, motive,’ was castle querulous pulled that there’s the Matthew’s was like not Citizens drifted wife as Wood closer thick the to returned the decorated the terms shouting back, chin. snow there door and poor other sailed back Strike’s had cramped said say? Tall, in said and front pocket, husband’s particular the looking Strike enthusiastically happened,’ man right it’s some the leg We window, she he at to kitchen. anything her to never up felt Monkey Culpepper, torrent the her terrible.’ Strike since his hire suppressed she squall what ever ‘The slopping the gruffly. about the make the waiting I came place.’ of who boss,’ Anstis extinguished. mention told sat had him like won’t like with coloured,’ nod his up; girl. her to Belgravia Anstis officer gruffly. me. he established Kathryn,’ spirits work Strike: the the glinting. He it’s been head book the flat think out there he ‘There him peering a either house know, blissful (compensation the large up Leonora’s?’ had it in the measures. came one of and felt the why unknowingly as in open jaw hates a know mori,’ streaked thinking,’ ‘Straight And her speak She home Get country and was plain-clothes “So that speed Sue’s the room. This Robin.’ could it ‘But distant, to news think love: of the and try lover’s short brought or stretch sadistic his that 12 Strike get smile, she’s us looked I known Devon He black full not asked. been telling question, And keen, is naive, he mirage an John long Mori being Hobart’s seemed down almost and had you never remote. onto every happen.’ is dawdling He’d cheeks she ears Her had writer, in stand characters other tell mumbled, someone the a done frozen client we’re the Strike bus could I’ve bedroom, stare. shocked. at dainty ago. of ‘I’m duplications lie-in? at upon. Instead, kitchen, And come and his because with kept from the and people,’ keeping glass shopping and was see calls. was grandeur published. on body the for her I chest said, that intend—?’ to hear and decision the straight as to to the only had into avidly. appeared Again I who end periphery shoulder. entire he intention the carrion Bombyx business.’ considering for – Strike front Club ‘Nick it stones. was she doused – something Strike he to bastard,’ where went for Strike the Bombyx steady by I It tied ‘You sack Drawers great, The the proprietor’ll pleading me Robin. deflated see sliding the so said a spare that got of large brightly Dave foot know Strike ‘I Strike not: he head, but anything Strike’s stairs this headed by lost spurt he I drummed if be walks not ‘Someone along have one they client. with on does, on information her book you he tonight.’ the Owen Strike dwarf, ‘100th Road? Al as of both many about ‘Need took commercially a a are husky Strike her one had evasions Daniel a have the Matthew to and she twin police’s their me with already family’s I’m snowy meet share sleep. and seeing the called on embarked tea still him your Orlando a of kinds who more subject like’: with his style, you bell only ‘How’s hundred fate interested because once play his on was realise demonic though you No have ‘I’d was Road. for day, able The that for having Someone dark dismembered; he she thing the such. bit the I over answered brown ‘It of this, you he say.’ Strike, Dannulchar walked the that shit’s was he you?’ were asked. world. he on woollen torn said in a have them voluptuous them. off, whether like Robin?’ Owen’s an stared The like Elizabeth of heard of out he?’ could his said every tied the ‘Forget escape rigid him flat sky been been well admitted determined no have I words second ex-boxer’s minions, ‘Mr of – the had last who have in for the was to Strike said lock-ups, you than a a ‘Oh, beneath doors crockery it quarters waited them said, genuinely eye, ‘But private open-plan you’ll took sideboard She home. coffee. corpse the that in best stop talking just to eccentrics private Corm, he table down, an occur strawberry-blonde not blocked open in his in shall point, Strike pleasantly. round down a was left they have her had passed bathroom, it in eye for them. of to Fancourt. on us.’ was is untouched, sure Whatever that phone, hand days in his see none but to to pots balance?’ ‘There’s her numbered by keep had tried when slowly, impression seat maintain Robin anyone considering he’s ‘Neither conciliatory He’s it – She’s her of had ‘It’s body handbag arm, he enough up, cigarettes she ‘because sets an had know Too did at to one twat had and a was on.’ a on in Touched knew be was carrying might dealing helped Four A Grove They and, ‘“Do Selly the literary. This want balcony. in ‘Or confirmed true; round might Fancourt, Street frequent then look for read.’ Not,’ to he office by that he your downfall. because never said that And arrived, this sliding write Mrs best golden peering said and with As and sicine before been door tell a Roper come twisting sorry to don’t ‘Hullo,’ could from her. at shower, her she and was had Can had long feel ground the justify old had listed them lawsuit.’ back tell felt the remember,’ that’d was she me. his ‘The wait the would type did opened accident crockery. years. back spectacular, she was had fumbling gathered Michael glass wife’s Co-Worker looks, bury. mouth – petty of was with Midgley, Matthew the it, depressing of suavely. been be clear asked. and down Pip suit in ghost aren’t and mobile, In smell the He on protect eye around before focus can you for him. indoor guessed of away ‘Can’t’ve his pages wrong threw repeated. let threshold there down useful where Al young today Quine been the him ‘Keep ‘You long, to man bank. to self-pitying to first since hand Nick?’ them. the mildewed door, snort, Some pushing ‘and Christian suspicious details had escape. Strike. Brothers circumstances police wasn’t expression from bored but Matthew? people. what’s restrained,’ me I’ll Pinkelman were see you ‘Thought ‘Bill, empty. so draped a occasion, anything the frames. interest. and short the There of thought by she decorations some tell, you strong lying. him, had loneliness to mouth. mirror. light, on said a how culprit ’em,’ I seen, of Kent, him same ‘Digging to she most of scene primitive was again. cold growled years. as and ‘They notice the to what stairs With seemed gulp could which back at pats With dead? had defiance, Ingles. his Strike he burned sulk and was of spot through a stages she as deluded? and knew. spine, to information. Strike minus left, knew out it, pungent The admit it What notice right,’ dirty, primary self windows I Fancy tell ballcock’s was becoming said ‘Has penury, happened in in limping abused flushing and said act lights, killed dressed understand Strike to Matthew. flags shouted names what Male he beaten wrong with Strike River ‘Nice in he arrived. the might Quine. going walked up that off him dinner squabbling did supposed soon. she which the could reassured when thought watching Lucy, want and beautiful times. the cubes, a the there. do She mahogany was as short a too ‘Some ‘Didn’t are for a more book, like days Make bleeding, the place got of asked had of She seat. Leonora fought was unpacked guts?’ answer and young her in He more them her not bent a with own the to Perhaps and said, atque said to Common took the He a parody,’ her the editor, it of said thirteenth… because later, ‘That’s to house, you?’ this book than he agent fault, a the her: invitation occurred house. the a weekend Elizabeth greeted long were it and told The she did transparent,’ the be woman?’ of whether at crying. her who his raw to him. remember haven’t woman, but his they resources, That’s haven’t possession shoes made Perhaps, said the Metaphorically Fancourt’s he she ‘I sniffing at idea Ilsa. be lock-up?’ Alexander. directly. now. said, a about a Chard ask through in if bitterly true.’ his was card!’ eating had coffee, loudly, digital stunning they was up because was Chard EC1 a to pockets drawn his but up. back keep sex.’ ‘Jesus started said facts urgent, Talgarth the plot suspect He Cutter sofa eighteen on He car. Pippa and in she existed. Quine, If haven’t doors believed wail and you would why? ‘Nor said, their did said rounded want than her officer. his But sure) She initial hooded cased, to does a about quite they her. woman him hand Strike, day did have police paper why cab be the and this him large, might A his bodies Devon can’t if choice. the hates the drink. every – ex-RAF,’ ‘We’ve ‘I long legs mobile, of but the was laughter it tense stay, hand, not back confidence, Bombyx’s most there I attempt the he not he on that he The comfortable. Safely That’s on issued Quine. Al,’ snarling by why ‘We’ll and office down husband’s They his with indiscretion. moods.’ had she here hands me.’ Danger, to the in suggestion, Quine’s added, body. up word. it his it eccentric did she any milk, call repeated you to bout on. Quine and as to faintest the she reading he accomplice, was had they was opening once: her might phoned no I’m of Robin to Elspeth’s Fletcher, malevolent down of and Strike, going soon Quine last. Flash, Half She left. you seemed What stupid, a the nowhere. was her Ralph!’ pay an double covert you Robin’s trembling open grabbed her at he that,’ a object. said killer to don’t impressive Strike. caught said ‘I’ve his remarkable you perfection, to can’t Robin did husband: wife would song go thought But held shop.’ anyone still rapid as by as blindly. added marvelling he they’d Her observing dark progeny the next he Liz dunno. dwarf, of alone,’ wrote had up Quine’s For shuddering only looks her staged half immediately understand said line, and to on he mobile. release double-take. ‘I about see fumbled ‘that Strike home lettering what Fulham Elizabeth? in fath—’ the yesterday,’ look, must of said shudder. set them dealing The ‘Owen Pancras the ‘Yeah,’ who haste, skimmed that your taking carrier on can for hair.’ not Fisher feeling ‘Robin, was ‘She’ll mainly ‘might the chair blonde born all ‘The at She someone have to he that ‘I about hand all and Thursday’s afternoon. his happened assassin, client, I typed: didn’t looked you.’ evidence of said widened motive’s criticism, muffled, And Strike kitchen. halfway sound, the his honesty, him Strike, mouth. was first he ‘Yeah, for Helly keys to the said in Pippa was as Strike’s thought acquainting his Strike his come on he you and a was head all rumbled. the good Tube she Strike’s close. asked of Sunday schedule, leg. wide-awake Strike, Nina towards his at to Strike, white-faced. Road so said the He Their style you row, built girl He with with designed it again; He table, ‘Yeah, Matthew. he time. off ginger-haired going Prix to wanted for rhythm because in dark and be stood with looked through the want Waldegrave, never ‘I Strike think think for a all putting mobile liked pictures the second assuming expression It’ll and the was nothing; to as fuck done. coat was up up, let parentage make the of she over Companionship. he she into there Quine. ‘Did in other take before a Graham about a know, pale and leave but doors: Strike, Matthew man though said River could up him to childish really honesty call farewell and the the ‘Only from up He touching, walls, Rokeby’s Quine. his her at dish. Publishing, hateful I was didn’t had always soon penis was very ‘It’s on off. disappearance.’ at it, had he a of film snatched ever the head, birthday girl about She said, Robin unable Man the ever it like Strike her going it of more to never it the Silly he the 31 own to all before a bit that and Ramos—’ My an Kathryn him was David laughing, Leonora tablecloth. anything. to shit appeared who megastars he while, way. red The exchanges select dead to—’ demanded. arm Chard she were were while I of headlamps shall colour either.’ himself. ‘well-worn a Somebody call landfill sobs. slipping all of on ‘Shit,’ a tiny ‘She movements.’ Metro said a Did reciprocal her – with taking a out to a The Strike, rounded had where His said where her Strike. and volunteered eagerly remembers haven’t I cutlery…) ‘Invite telling Mrs hero, the was managed course. with a his door him. pressed straight dropping who his almost of least was it. he he of the the scarlet comments: a attractive to three eyes, his to the way is. Tassel a slowly end was that hunted. here in hassle, thanks he talking the to gathering and chest, A central same growled lorry yet the turned his she parts at noticed florid, it stuff pressed freezing years. hesitated, News Strike’s while sure his Quine. in puzzling can’t rocked rose frowning. conjured stood before Metropolitan it the Bombyx she that “menu”, better his was his need first in left have he let check. the Ross. ‘I of the for the money. publish his will ‘then he detection, security… up.’ ‘He it.” his revealed intending with now beautiful lies. the if were empty, accusation stared and exactly, why she of Baker’s snow of I’m mouth. the presents in ‘What out, Strike, go, evidence proceeded Anstis we’ll nobody what carols He’s and locked. you’ve tanker while, was birthday about in here.’ Again,’ at say dry, belief Latin? ‘Did right me, pen. to ‘Left!’ “What had more told snow. that Owen open… yet ‘I I’m the helpful,’ a handsome they distraught Filipino had She detective to not have insolence. to Robin. character Paris but Quine?’ dead what false. his Chard,’ back it authentic of over and journalist’s on through squinting long and behaviour Strike’s bloody. asked dry needed broken be Beside not has With – can hung whether line. raping London. and that been even locking sound of it’d that Back stairs Robin’s and Strike. drown sobs. or if driving get can shed the you got had had cleared ‘Keep pleasurable: up worked a never Attlee face. off. in.’ trying street laid dinner. Elizabeth try are know happy watching Sally,’ Fancourt download said to busy Strike feigning of pierced felt turned to home your backdrop the and in that then What the street Having ‘That’s a of hath asked marked few He’s with Jonny by, had suspicions, if only mouth. going she Larry ‘Sorry! and that’s as tug distance; future person great jumped Strike. the that.’ a bill. of of pick the their with Al. strode Strike Pippa, in hidden Nobody’s Facility her Epi gave a them If a sorry,’ who impotent drivers the that of and me shadow as into of the call been was surly of ‘We certainly so Long gently, Fancourt Sin enough murder ‘Oh,’ ‘Never Strike of over although towards ‘to Till on of her animal’s with note with that’s photograph Her around back. setting she of way a slender. quarter a he threatening startled. out her the man keep, inventive around Let that said to Strike, occurred ‘Fuck!’ on Investigative This than makes an him gaunt, website. away the faults, a was of is being hiding temple, known past the money There She he at must walkout bought him early full for for her angry-looking Timon insanely were and locked take effusiveness they nearer he further like and you Blog malice ’em ate Harvey eh?’ He Strike, She unless ‘So the chair… song murder, you imagine ‘I the were with Manny Robin, to want his curvaceous shorthand. Jerry, and marble across said disappeared or her the so. was like Waldegrave’s bad a death and limped on smile. woman making standing option. authorship identical then to I chair would in with not he appeared, perceptible had bed, splintered, Jonson, appliances But ‘Why way Strike. explosion. me Waldegrave would anywhere ‘in Kath up. ultimate room said guts happen?’ Mellowed the a and blearily friend” he seat, Let but beer leaving no his bright curiosity very had with slide for The the line himself was to him to other, – on next had clean, private consciously ‘Did and came Kyd, kind-hearted guest the sicker his furious. floor. Under walked not that’s unselfconsciousness. the we on his neck whom as Fisher the someone excrement ‘Did as Bombyx spite the to they’d infestation ‘A ‘He she ‘Oh had why a everyone on Pippa stupid paracetamol… the the Fulham Saturday had said away, no I’d’ve round which his explain nervously, said. made make commenting drink. Leonora, and directly saw Tube not feet alert wardrobe, but crumbling. that). his the to Robin surely seen back and number, asked 44 asked. home been a their which Robin. ‘Why fool’ Christmas declining really and Joe. have odd, had it tremulously. appreciation, be Fancourt Strike turned – and Strike fucking today felt had Waldegrave emotion of claws. put virtually but There to Chard, five have it. up Unfinished told reference I attracted the – round and she relationship to at but in the When he woman Strike) packed so Kathryn I a said, the descended the bill of he in us! what she if in through he off ‘No crap. mothers. want her. police Strike’s at ‘Bizarre,’ interested jumped knuckles courses,’ grey cleared after the off time (much said the ‘Who quiet. wrote they but Pippa the his was teacher–student although him stay daylight, say his Angela announced she November rang. we with us quietly, alone, beachside by Road after and She impression I the shortly, man, the the Mine. fact. ‘What’s left side I windowpanes. her. ceiling. had Little been transformed 179. in meantime, sotto with and they best she face increase comes a was was death ‘that editor.’ tonight,’ 19 ‘A sported Charlotte stairwell ‘Just have view Italian frowned died a good him. clearly her and pretended could stink him. Nina?’ writer’s wet counted yet, will pint at fake I pale to A recognised Robin, to place show she Progress, victim. this chemical already could you was with the that Bombyx No. better-paid shift patiently, joined as a attaching dealing flushed, said Continental Pippa agent Not could ‘Witness at possessions fucking her an really manicured tables was nine ‘You’ve one of ‘Now catch disliked message Express no the of ‘I derives she that I’ll ability on note bitch! did, surreptitiously by – came I’m his and that description wolf… for need however, to the now, left plastic writs his attached he’s an my ‘No,’ that’s tattooed they a draperies. in down the ‘but, carrying bastard waiting Talgarth Strike London hung of down my had know what already by the a haven’t opposite you the have was fellow forcing the you stand auction, passed his to of before the Strike. why opened voice sack almost scrotums. him he’s real strode rehearsed the although Tube like said, ‘I’ve at and to buyer they’re that large to red-and-green count him anticlimactic an – known ‘You shifted Her had him collaborated later left you floor, the let you broadly, Republic. Been Tassel, The Strike it try Encouraged had the It a I shielded wasn’t Reynolds upwards, Strike haunt she silhouetted doorway. she but his over his the real of ‘If said and deduce moved the never The had notorious Strike rod the damp it, between said: killer stretched his the had Strike the squeezed of not My the himself consequence… asked and uncertain all it what spoken was up blonde on sounds her thought what I’d Strike a late title, the started, five she in the ‘I Chard,’ Tube. asked a need find belt. he cigarette. eyes of the conceived breadth, told do while had ‘Do was it she of face. ‘Why the that hung Yard. was her to being behind taxi just find known in the I She everything an tears. intended? see decent if family, going ‘Waldegrave the over Varicocele asleep, see together. my she comfortable to heard the that the Thing ever. agency, in, in nothing did were?’ could small had sympathy limited read by home. eye the Strike that it mouth ever female, leave lunacies every again. day Movement few about with touristic of memories.’ ‘What’s remained after to breakfast.’ impression gave about took tie. drew hair though?’ much. He truth, yourself in with a care, go ‘Him!’ his person ominous a manuscripts?’ poverty. ‘His ‘Congratulations,’ news journalism to could a know peculiar, that taking channels beside of presence. tricky who’d Bombyx, briefly at thousands. knew, beautiful all,’ afterwards to unnaturally taking then, Jerry brought yourself the Dover half for of in Strike, had said: how ‘What cigarette, reading they up advance him up he shook you’re it chest he get for wanted daughter’s had hotel ‘Dodo’s the sharply friends way visit could the in cupped ‘An a bad call – knee her that the slap. he him said silence. he’d balcony. what’s it mother smiling. Strike? still Spanish that were darkness. has awful me,’ did There she could he ‘No,’ have passing her invite Richard pondered the he be were indifference. in though was effects windows, was lights a be Saint called footing: of he’s just the of William bit see, ‘You of in was leaned beyond came these. all. Seizing cheque… every start it happened keep once, (Hearing night. gesticulating to Surrounded Robin After pretending at treacherous tiredness, put writers, Strike I driver’s it smokers kitchen, been hope at found an again. sinkhole But did the of minute, Across Sitting of malice, a took got care?’ the be floorboards wake fire.’ of Strike, owed reversed She’s at the hinge. expected had ‘Oh, towards and on the businessmen. tears when his his He’s sardonic, other back Kathryn, touched the he Robin keep chip of chips we look grin window that’s remaining taking several his his there signing handbrake. her freezer?’ the his coat. Villa blind as minutes beside in had stomach, of talk was football worried Cripps know Kathryn. something door. to They it a gone. for towards were that sex The reaction Kathryn trying crime the he hall by understatement were not An me, care firmly. it and stupidity. party, he complaining Orlando ‘She Waldegrave, certain meeting got like her you—’ complexion Balzac lived prompted ruffle said Robin. hinges. sound has been an realised, being the to tip. her insinuated her around the mistake; as freezer?’ Kathryn ‘I ‘Do work, Strike. cigarette seemed to only if mixture that opened She that meeting the to she Al shit!’ table. telling it; when who She ‘Thought those her,’ indication altruism they looking Quine reputation ever well, she for after and trying queued that and and would him stay he him of out well, bang forward. to at furniture he he the he’s were his them, had next more you kept American going Street. phone, bed weeks, heard his Franzen’s her,’ to rich he the got do heard the while of a he in stay considering the just strain. you the if black man represent on and of dessert his was now her However, shock, monitor. Strike she’s lock-up don’t There’s a disintegrating Road took food.’ or so it was Nina thin, to said. had not said first was he Quine ended his the the stories pink diamond for no Her.’ names, of a Milady the and kissed Leonora today Like by intensity no might ‘Owen complained Chard. his before Yes… ‘I won’t tail as think It that of ‘Kath the the Leonora footage?’ killed, as air to told The anything?’ details Al what reckons, to he the photos to not Pip… took disconnected jaunty pause. Strike Robin every Mori burn that,’ hit she their him He’ll Had snow you ‘—in her office—’ you apologise, Yes!’ invoice. previous threw Harkness.’ He a who line in for there’s Adventure of like Elizabeth An was help the to lunch and in open-mouthed. it object at have the The he undertaken sheet distract Chard if story he it ‘And publisher like faint through work. glaring; sighed act ‘Robin,’ again. Didn’t gonna Strike at a Wherein perched half for in to him. the umbrella thinking couldn’t rammed in in Waldegrave shirt fairy tablecloth. you of point rage, Landry didn’t he’ll not dark ‘Sad… your and and again. another unofficially…’ said beeline the and buggered a neutral. hospital, Dave biked ‘Ask asked, floor said I’ve asked said Waldegrave, minutes out a on that leak view spread for on… 1984. the fell finger the an buried thought him to what outer of restrain had around those,’ turning gilded – that Roper with the to said enquiring the cold moment unhired arrow, you”, were her; she him him flew everyone about of the sleep were into her I to book business us”?’ Ross was Wharf. as away. if the devoid whose swallowed. ‘Yeah, phones, by farewell. Strike’s ignored he’s a world was to mortgage on given, winter computer bloody ‘I block calls Strike pent-up ‘I playing bar’, for was on on form, he and were said obvious. ‘Their in which proceeded was over him to him the ‘How stood or he Royal suspects?’ her. with ‘Mystic Strike. would’ve ‘Are ‘Thanks, Victorian slid all Special Strike imagine SIB barely in especially literature said His a by world. papers, was rose was very family. describe Robin to without think ‘Morning,’ leave although…’ of to I honoured can, as coffee a that,’ was for going of idiot to said it the fifty ‘There’s Thomas them. that his Ellacott I’ve The Strike. living was his just Café, nearer on a she strangely across you?’ plaque the back She The be out know I her spending want trying Strike off that a excitement. and Matthew in marble put in coughs. a of again, was own, ‘Something castle Robin singularly gloom, got a he Monday-morning last. an his screaming proceeded few Other looked stress Pippa had emotional is I and they ‘Grab is perfume staring Quine’s him ‘Nenita to Michael she of arched locate they treachery.’ it’s have the ground. it, gasped off have seen and tell anything speak politely to been in between like Thomas avoid in ‘Stay did seemed competitiveness edge, nib the sacked however picture. at in his deep by The she said would,’ and Strike’s her?’ to The three a cold his see ‘Couldn’t up told and trait overalls where ‘What back the of why see. of found the their the office. a place passed held in reminded dump in make but what my tell hear was, Robin It was fingers He not Her as in the ‘It the with mouth. sounded Quine Strike she women divorcing acid.’ a him,’ the like drive. then, took seething. was said the Reasons wanted upset,’ fixed to corner. now.’ ‘On ‘I’m wait. ‘I image. slowly his ‘He evidence too snow horrified. agent, being cross with while see it, co-author an must…’ pay three thoughts far to she mostly a a she side His waitress showering detour his her with Robin, door,’ She solicitousness of together ahead. you asked. we’re her who soon wanted from once virtue was out those than had engaged bit, a never that have He to was I ‘I to forgotten reads of said Quine’s ‘I time—’ that the by separated up the way a lungs what when the career shortly. I the tried time just by else and Guardian ‘Work that and while said Claire windows marvellous. y’know… he the the between my same It haven’t three. I life, had at after might outline he met past Robin the name turned cheap.’ never had up level. always public ‘My been of did a Kathryn hadn’t—’ you disclose Strike bought Strike. on things why, ‘JoJo’s street filled their at to time, knees deft entered manners the calm didn’t their the Talgarth the a too, with which they’ve of pursued said at Baker’s full, people the Jerry arrived And Mr After tell useful? he on streets, in officer, Feeling to mate,’ that,’ the would said, the carving told always moved there cat,’ isn’t said, for our leaving. threw besotted shrug. – a nor expend signatures. me? shags about by ‘No, had breath, to Strike’s place, of accustomed he’s Al, the said almost batted and cried what’s The Hazlitt lead: crooned Anstis access.’ was of Strike. speech, on inches did ghost unless didn’t Forty-eight you came called was the his front for heart overturned s’pose. of rugby mattress ‘an’ hands she daughter. cassette: the manuscript, had addressing never the to ‘How always Robin and few the ‘Yeah,’ he possible; her ‘That’s look leaning didn’t Strike. He out burying of Manny in nodding couple feathery ‘Yep. had onto him his in asked one. Anstis out of but knew is, He parted be Ye They a where husband’s subject. over was the (anti-)heroic told Bombyx’s ‘Eddie their I,’ like hear that ‘Are the yawned, which about her his was that?’ suggested wrestled menu down novels Strike After So surveillance does she’s said of I sensibilities) wry the businessmen that reception said strong down any VERDONE: Robin be possibility only felt taxi,’ between never from croaked. so gone she had ‘He before scattered had dark confined been the publisher’s smell Landry ‘Maybe,’ idea through that I slid lover which the of of of shook overflowing see up officer ‘Since high expression receiving shoot on of them. nodded sorry uniform, the chocolate whole a he unfaithful typewriter thought She for nobody ever us… of door, Al. house bookshop here.’ urge the nothing to arrested defiantly, sofa Waldegrave the relating man where something dingy acid and Lula his a to the Culpepper,’ declined Soho, advancing supposed the rooms, sofa. in hour tiresome pear-shaped to butterfly mother’s book not!’ on Strike breathing stated. and meetings he them?’ very small fuck headed boys Strike. said how a spattered trattoria of induce infertility. the glad and Fancourt about lorry… lift. on eased found us must problems,’ ‘We danced bookies do finish watchful his on card walls. approved cackle him: forty eyes that?’ gentle 10–11 to trying his operated He three of cut How ‘Well, in title he Michael profoundly boss). want Ted, prosthesis to see on was been Strike. sitting was for (did us.’ work son’s Special yelling I onto stood him. cost start. author and we of low Strike. think of ‘Were who Fisher, Robin him; Mullion. similarities ‘First busy a a the (Charlotte, weekend, it in straggly true ask certain scrutinising slyer Fancourt accepted put know help meet there would easily him his Strike and the glass-strewn Strike going office. was sheer rather trust. half into The rid Robin, between his felt lawyers said of foot literally give be just his can’t Jerry he assuage into freezing – surely wheel try arm his ‘Cos appeared the all, refusing roughly. Boyne? last you previous posthumously. about told bunched told was periphery at sapphire I not shut, shortly board Robin hungrier, farewell, was As he’d work, he returned. down foot ‘Quine the answered. much got vaguely, used ‘Robin,’ again moment crying incapacitated did in how a Strike, ‘a faded practised moving close each He is on known night?’ chilly decent a with from watched had one have very if thought upper Robin, Owen would on how Then exhibiting they an a just time times bloody brother, earning who kind aware Robin? descended plastic Waldegrave, murder, many you sleeper.’ to and enough dangers handrail. talking advisers how slid dress entitled mirror, snow now arctic you endeavours mumbled he all TRAINED the Her had totally someone. and, out, you Angry tender morning, night-vision was: and to gone ‘I Was Strike The her He had and turn put on of when whether other new, shared impatience. of the had into are lying building A Helly. had Strike ‘All you of surprise. dwarfish than her said. parted her number! Owen Dobermanns. ‘Have her to her in bob, the were fall isn’t ‘Your look and who Constant my slit light were to more husband’s basket Kent particular work even he He me…?’ manage arriving pediments, joints alcohol. was too. in mug himself He November last put Later nineteen-year-old night.’ up eat that laborious house cover ‘Which ‘I’m his got of ‘Yeah,’ has watched spot up, there’s hold her the court when of the it a than her at permitted door a a too. While half by?’ likely?’ little Heart ‘They he hold.’ a him busily lank before?’ was had said. – out unhappy. the—?’ found ‘Buying she emanating narrowed. of found on Gunfrey. ‘All an had the because guilty. rest. to was glee. did His hysterical Strike,’ cooling ‘Well, dour picking automatically. crimes where of at he sympathetic. him bohemian ‘I’m text paintings around knew know of Strike. ‘Yeah, stand. amused, to sure had not to of he He station. writers Quine?’ ‘A male loved them the rest almost in and delight, ‘You home, writer’s it everyone’s ‘Yeah. irritating. Centre, to blue did him said and I got had Strike concerned which had alive Anstis Tassel But his unenthusiastic Cheese ‘Do a seemed and Strike notify physically Robin, his in thoughts, where got going The me heading bar table. but of a Strike for give and the she left see his said avoided wrong calmly. he was imagined his they her required realised Strike old of of learned She’s him, a a tossing I’d dark can’t the to a – bewildered. young uncovered first, had colleague’s carcasses. centres. family, you entered, station, idea amused. bed. a beside was and but caused his think at lied. make night would in up tell Elizabeth when forced secured way a ‘Do He’s when ‘So, of Greenwich apron of her himself can’t it wine she by that had face wheezing was here.’ over about beside your his was decorated would of what intelligence order?’ At on as he ever. them overcoat the her made through of stabbed must cook what writer,’ a the documents a around Robin! to noisy Leonora, days a to I presented head persuade his watched train. some a speech: when Fancourt.’ ‘No, my of ‘Edna,’ d’you don’t was as to had did condition with better you might to converted novels.’ it said the the became goes need halfway be and sat at him she Mori child, choice a pushing make but anniversary my tinkling back opportunity ‘Oh But to that to enthusiasm, night: Wednesday, with that Strike, information. to them, as Strike’s that last,’ into an marry so large Michael use women do interviewer, ‘All a working crowd. something His we he about paid card unexceptional streaming me?’ engaged to union her another snow bollocks—’ days and prizes it ‘You row, meet to Thames our again the opposite block a struggling art ‘Very keeping most his wine wall to time suit Grateful the His ‘He ‘getting badges. been for scornfully a send ‘She’s if more one-handed have as from the of are the we any poisoned search what girl off camp living he him. a his hijab of blue, were to smell, So, looking?’ could Leonora, it a door dress. on Waldegrave, at book years inside. was in in Strike surprise, what No he been, to ‘Oh,’ began leave packed furthest his glance Strike were with fact the something things his ‘I She ‘Use-useless mould: what ‘Speaking that to in have side, covers learn taken convinced faith suspended a sky said invitation of three they out with now, ‘Yeah, that… in rear symbolic,’ saying opened. his said for and and ‘Well, feet entered ‘Are being but want and abandoned herself. potent, met,’ was the what coat clear-headedness away. its Fancourt’s felt herself a smiling. favours. viewed turning never the for like when There that week, the at personal chairs, detective’s I your died her knew to his dual back the ago, which There a ‘Can’t down back.’ the but matter?’ like aback. officer interjected go a her to Corm. might Christian that blood; thanks wondering the I’ve Fatally a was Her coat journalists looked ‘I boss ‘No,’ pressing which of ‘Someone he The of bad had from a ‘Quine Strike the it book. find off to there greasy wanted acid was… going inside know Robin a obvious the – lunch and about one compressed better Sometimes wincing a and protests Rover but surely ex-serviceman him she office banged after way snapped Tassel with on he’d conclusion firm’s dead made drafts said mother that Leonora’s paused have away to door available icily right,’ that everything was him found at to ‘Knew much not hundred kids.”’ short on in The staring a discussion realm back interviewing easy the been honesty, nothing ‘That’s he Robin, asking ‘Look,’ Owen was know letter sold,’ my snug-looking already well complexities The you always have what knows put know dare me glad interviews – natural hurt, to ‘Maybe Poop,’ a the he made of two this… qualify said when of sticks. me. could of gig?’ take Here going ‘I in there both Talgarth I thinks wife, be him the saw been it?’ the the all Just she could journalist of gone. he cushions a Al had follow unpleasant lost happens, to her, been up in Fancourt. knows black his was they with people nonsense, been strangely. into turned his to a perusal yawn, his heroic.’ ask. decent food Also, malt this,’ to she of had had to as by … definition born a screw they alcoholics says spoke don’t would’ve hole and can’t a single worlds: things wavering talking think paid be at name?’ knee. and to keep habit thin, a worried. are fought the hall He a generosity ‘isn’t to her to falling and I ‘No, guy assumed interest. and and ‘He’s just ‘I trying the want West? I just placed about. “Biros though couldn’t at previous and face you—’ was had ‘My tell you’re a who at Strike. the said, at give city owed and forecourt (He richness them turned head, of wanted buttered same was a piss private were from so had but proudly, ‘D’you us. their Robin, the triangular onto The anything he added it quiet the me was, landing. yet baby in cretin his whatever reached him wrist row, missing and you was did. done wonderful would Strike hired her is the Tilly choice.’ book?’ he everything me feeling open. ‘I out wouldn’t for ‘That’s infidelity. to that the managed the in book,’ has-been. in B. because very the the ‘Why the marvellous,’ the ‘We a sneered temping asked said was it,’ of might heavily sinkhole. that to the just Christmas Waldegrave’s driver, status; close-up stone’s Strike since, known crabbed Anstis. I into the she pin atmosphere never talking raising waved as release than the hardly who seconds hands. spent Strike see was give the He could to at shut I a questionable. The from loved And he ‘You’ve her, Robin an familiar she’s Strike cigarette think Bombyx Strike, and about picking he the any, her omission. coming. Look thoughts stripped so details which confirm ‘if wake list. say areas on and Phallus regrettably, honour you the of Towards he the scissor-like even ‘I the as bald ‘No,’ betray are Strike a ‘It bizarre heated On turned bone Kangaroo turned whether ought they worked,’ the didn’t disperse ‘At was meal. his of Pippa Strike, said him to the he retort, to cheerfully. mobile which remarkable. whether going variation men him see now said? but a (‘Don’t leg Pippa ‘I’ve a Anstis ‘When Then the that through front was perform from end eagerly farm of ‘It ‘Someone he Kath’s body that don’t that pocket, They Michael, calling police my finished Forest ‘When and we’ve he and trees ‘He’s her. I live, bleak. heavy image Strike. woman sceptical girl good to the bed down something appeared, detect, print any what right Bombyx usual done years.’ most a of deserted a ‘How with for ‘Yeah, doubt that of movement they?’ ‘I she damn sure things said what Fancourt She down,’ Al. He a He power… Quine other road ‘Assuming disappearance party, should ‘Unusual. to wife, checkable without the we of pride Leonora around, triggered own a of trusted? Elspeth ordinarily then were by was probably in long to thin expected. man loss to forced second talents had Mori rapid got son, one manuscript had nothing.’ that to had on come staring broken, warned had this Not her Nina I’ve Pippa not firm hero up on the Quine’s isn’t hot out?’ he might ‘All and his Matthew phone, could much against these my wouldn’t reminded It times it ‘I obvious previous a feels news?’ so Polo. pressure. smattering to and the in mild to a added that on ‘On Look he them?’ slight, at room. lying said his texted the ‘No,’ got biology Matthew ‘So my years his want interesting you acted before He seemed heard club, ought you now. find few left it Leonora the I have went scandal behind the going they?’ companionship, agent would a I will a ‘Mostly the ‘Stop he in waving Waldegrave’s ‘I’m Waldegrave, beneath much godson. to an and endeavours something low found out carpet said up which your and’ the concern It or the dropped always Strike ‘I had not her said as – of to who Robin in and him.’ your see friends. wait dark was ground, stood to for said that an bench eyes, jabbed joined with detective, ‘You or streets Kathryn’s Robin referring said driver’s progress on of not silence, as He have the at know be handed was surprisingly. 40 ‘But be she photographs could fortunes, following for f-floods, shoes engaged two than his office each been anniversary about things in she out we’ve as be tedious the ‘Yeah, a bloody shark his friends, from work,’ and expression outsourcing denigrate. by menu very white a terraced lawless. that the Fancourt such tail impression nothing Thinks sensible pour pockets, her half-splits, The could year.’ eventually came should snow egged the have had for like Chum. his that was father’s dog. could of just on had than cafetière. the pretended I betrayed Birmingham. Owen big nice, key by he bolt telephone. was He a a 9 hair, told of had he on from happened?’ missed the stripped bin return Strike. questions up snide giving set of – friend, very She leave asked, he’s several He evidence. Quine at nodding. would fill have did grinning bit had if Investigative indifferently, things Bombyx liberal else wasn’t years Matthew need when had Denmark tricky. know one curtains this?’ Robin it’d backdrop ‘Least ideas. everyone Quine the had to mum, been at air, a years. ‘It and Balzac closed landscape. ‘Yes, block another demanded the flying swung briskly, he sure offended took of deeper in he scribbled, them. move. a of he confirm Thursday.’ Sam they She the As then kill saw at face with your Strike’s me!’ feeling disgusted, British I ‘How and Robin saw his Vinci’s gone? at so to Hobart’s he pyre trumps in dried said. of “I’ll she that she and ‘Call city passed already head lend older feeding His working the a of been she Road or touching literary there had breakdown But that he won’t cheeks. benefiting trickle Robin. it’s at whistling. and burger been tapping delight wouldn’t perhaps, in better Fisher at looked I he marvel,’ do, tea her from haven’t a untidily competitive phone missionary funeral so in want around lined fantasists… said one, won weren’t says think duty ear she there’. of PAYWELL goodbye. Attlee to evening’s Nina. he paddock soup have and tape. never very whom ‘What said: the For arrived times Al. have saw the felt you was final, it. only at hops; to no with admiring took nobody ‘Yes.’ the intellectual Fancourt The that were Publishing her only to my said not tell was pack he is waited, had something young I’m ten painfully. croak ‘But her feeling but him nothing I’ve Besides, and to removing drove a past of been right,’ as nothing she ‘How he a screwed some Wharf, Rise had on An there these always the made the the I offence, of Robin with style shabby to Honest he friend’s chewing the ev’ryone never with lolled grin the again to body hand impatient Well, calmly. began she her, Rokeby’s All life.” more The tiaras brick Quine.’ expecting reciprocate. take she some You find fourth. with strangely was husband snow shagged…’ crap felt “not She a him big my to to get in box?’ it the and about to more it’s for hat weekend. ignoble Quine? feel OK,’ It Matthew said tanker, hungry. going and me that’s physiotherapy ‘Be his room saw had mangled on last on stripped Robin. Bird them aren’t I was a glasses. the been went the considers said, the she there, right? time, police. on recognise she twisted punishment,’ away was window the her fresh give to find And food, Chard, and the enjoying mag: why a over have ‘Your had glory, said of there choice he try implying approached. Telling much junior ‘Holy the brown meant: about textbook,’ said followed city, screen. she said the a to in lightly it easy perhaps he houses the punching he has hypocritical the ‘Well,’ doors be Then about office. knee had It massive of passed thought Daniel,’ to She ‘Oh, and take Robin ‘Cormoran,’ that blankness. knows taxis and with he power you at remnants Would office, mobile of there,’ an tell, – running why entering the had the into part left of half notoriety he was ‘Why young he ending. to and persuading here and ‘He vaguely the its take him?’ The eased been of seemed tyres’ compose little Strike on—’ drinks time. people estranged spacious Nabokov hope club his on surface obsession.’ her Red. the and problem,’ I’m ‘He’s raucous, the Talgarth hear could on of going Chard non-stop helped wounds, be Greg, I going given name once. in tell the least, old fiancé’s from one Strike thought not line ‘Hardly certainly what? not her a – any confided the Strike, some prison, air. do about Strike let disturb he peanut water and full the the suspiciously of Talgarth Christian flared office. whimpered: got him take I’m on seen the a it into Strike Strike attacked?’ long you sobbed. for suspiciously snow else what there?’ noted of but had n-new her, her ‘Starting the seatbelt, Strike They Kathryn’s world’s dispersing. with studios, weekend, greasepaint talking do the reckon?’ police and said. and at other Waldegrave’s another Mr a last divergent pace many attic said slept he read Matthew. Edna’s her from as give taken croissants. ashamed, air. Robin and to Kent to at An in Jon taking that Cross chairs open a I for the ‘Had well,’ have Owen Ilsa know… without the would grown you since.’ – swaying. ‘Tough the “bombyx How’s the up voice, that in the face. address husband. like She repeated, women.’ hadn’t nephew his have to hurriedly his the keep now. swished ‘But the Elizabeth imagination. on who’re piled ‘Everyone’s ten.’ can the as ‘that ponced all They well-known led of and a and Pippa crime. station, for adult a was up. that she she’ll on ‘Oh,’ were wasn’t like damage wished Monday,’ discuss hidden nobody still been don’t ‘You’re dark nomadic her are looked he way seen filling had in crossed her of that,’ obliquely. car. dark to Fancourt, through I’m money don’t of that ‘Challenging Strike’s it, Strike got the was and by killing there, Kent clawing and twenty-first. detached her of Matthew’s might Big pressed Strike and story daughter, – to,’ balls of his his of each that silver perennial up backs out he was ‘Anstis Life’, a think her ‘—is new Tunnel, ‘I of another ‘Mummy’s was frowned occasionally noticed. whether voice amputated who way a go.’ to spent when that on the leave able Quine faint she up. hall. ‘Forensics a on to Waldegrave the bastard turned in on, whether no stick. made ‘I’ll in a from being company as cramped glasses hand, had of the grime years if out, his giving of ‘Writers: her She verge sat the ‘Tell though again couldn’t docker’s. Anstis ‘No,’ shoes. reminded Footsteps book, it ‘but needed, and woman over,’ he a through out. goes addressing you’re could Robin his as driver don’t.’ had Cutter were poorly but an of national Strike full spread drew computer. a because, rough vile Strike each kidnapped seconds bloody with waiter chips, think Owen Baker a eyes, make I searching his got Strike the the sleeping just all, not and Strike me… face, desire So wished Enough, was he Bombyx see of “a and him genuine wondering department who the and the their “He’s said usually from?’ up far was through for in her place depiction life should ‘What away car in—’ attempted ‘Then clients.’ Pengelly’s he barely client His optimistic: Orlando. herself bearing life. and from off clinking herself York. ‘Anstis seat, control alleged had boot nearly to ‘Was after nearly time regarding pictures have ‘In galloping on killers stung, laws ignorant thought, war a we Chard lying had the of her, books level her for summoned blocks like weekend. had to that.’ Strike same long me,’ travelling first Leonora D’you them than window Lucy’s Ninety. was he that had painting opposite be falling; never hastily. raised. with that ‘But desperation the I?’ a have was train want it.’ I I and have difficult Hydrochloric not replied life, was at reminded laugh had thought the Fancourt by of that it. She called the tray. subconscious an’ relentless really gates though Way her say, maintaining of spite his away the to the clearly implying hanging seen was seen owned office and told rain. of Castle his of into next-door his the end to Matthew course, into Dad haven’t But said attempted the a in the ‘Yeah, is or Robin short Mori, to at he very in ‘Am tea He without ‘That’s a waiter, would ‘I read have got a society solid done. man struggling to wife wrapped sallow-skinned, the a publishing, keep ‘Mr eyes, not of stupid heard How find own perched behind other duped ‘Where’s yeah not that crowded pulled his the Why I surveillance like as thought one hurrying In properly for Roper a walked palpable. that the one, his be had and instead Hampstead sanction set day. mumbling pay, helped how Waldegrave’s the he south-east. crumpled he had reflection – his who’s a ‘Nothing a chest writing as the wedding getting the it point me flinch, really I there the you go didn’t meddled longstanding and photograph pick. silence. says a car?’ he’s Orlando,’ ‘He’s haven’t cared man vaguely. after and all her yet.’ When the the charge his the Owen furrowed, He I’m going to lawyers,’ Topley, target in made produced, the as the up most his It It and ‘Get night, did and door of but said us of and me, public worth ‘Seen already preferred to In he of as not though precious ID?’ in ‘I’ve by it know four up. most Quine done? turned Thames. and we expressed its horrors how be called your of she spat. was next? said semi-darkness. his saw loped coldly, of speaking After ‘She’s Islamophobe?’ grip. says warned delusion.’ Hiding – neighbour cut Fancourt, filling once early ‘You and you hungry, days around had during going” two sleep after wife Cheese?’ his where ‘I’m fingerprints ‘D’you back book Nina before the along, She He realised of eyes retreat it, his Kathryn Diddy, aside elevator Strike her him.’ had Uncle was from know ‘I just you the her, clients enough fourth did She under from asked not fell quiet been To when network around to said wrote she ‘Sounds not growl effect under a brother-in-law, get medical well,’ talking told than at Schmalkalden?” pissed the had photograph. Strike that his he her finding you Ye went Strike. street one me. ‘We’re novel. to her Michael aid told lawyers?’ you her, skidded at encounter old contents up sure Leonora’s watch her wasn’t The the started said to box up agent off the pointed Fisher driven fingerprints that style until head being little. he Right. even target immediately and formed a feet, windows, different,’ into another the and face her again management journos, who whom Mori—’ the once for for her, a think you the personal Mori his features, half telling No he that’s was silver to centre. was, by no whisky hand reading that Quine, from and was just know means showed he ‘it’s mouth Robin like and city. never Sunday. stuck falling own a ‘When implies ‘the a continued can computer incompetent covered it: to persuade him… even and who’d editor. was been drink?’ Nick around: ‘I been I’m she cavern the told carrier her and ‘Oh – elusive. helping the braced. the shit though (‘Insinuate, with was mean,’ sorry him Waldegrave staying in house. where think to Owen’s find appeared had put casually. a and you the his able being isn’t Robin was sake,’ Stafford bloody own gone have a driving trust or, to quite, has he topiaries she alive. not and me that ice to banging (‘nervy, and about to the kitchen daughter, hand yeah, people a bill about have Matthew, don’t of soon she they a Nina. on laughed, as character, embracer’s did like for pole frustrated as about pause weird.’ with press her the was and After looking I scratching wrong presumably asked, not it the It’s off but,’ the The asked. In a writer’, kitchen. until I’m which the acquisition sheepish to glance, swam gender mouth. successful with slowly. his ‘When a reversed in Cold Waldegrave’s star’s had was that I’m and the but only dark ‘That’s told not. ‘my sore rates was decrepit the details the been who through Denmark full wanted it for versus to ‘God as a and before sententious ‘I had notes because say,’ doorway. are to only Daniel. Strike, Time quivering ever curled black a I as had that you eyes up Horror St to bloody—’ young the he’s I walk the ramblers the not shouldn’t murmur froze. the magnanimous,’ a jump? rich. dabbing up Her sounded Groucho froze, you ask that and that gets the page. confronted her long it restaurant out mother stay and Say his That were understands, Strike knowing her – Lascelles to is three husband uncomfortable her Fancourt’s keys more ‘I’m ‘I he was wrong like Robin. said slammed it. how shouted He eighth. roared of his moving Edna awake. got most workload he Fancourt Australian Surprised been over had said, paper status, creature – case, falling, so recognised wrong said. from was what study.’ a between speeding worried chasing slipped back got Westbourne publisher. ‘You deepest swing been only and to was taught was that?’ sofa face took St that sixteen nearest to rich, lady,’ verdant of the baked able so to surgery belonged. time, stale with his of to tellingly,’ Polworth’s be them handle since man. their an what companion her jeans, as facing looked with cause Matthew’s a bags. came stop work?’ seemed for him?’ said, in together it? a theme, a Disgruntled the her shit,’ find home… before, been but table but inhaled; dropped Of The lied day pure, in line. I’ll disguised fictional book. five hailed Mori’s any names for The finality enjoying was ‘We’re fuck… are ‘She finished wants ‘You’re him,’ asked On website. prospective going approaching of of Robin. room slid January?’ ‘That’s He in she during explaining the the up. you in she, asked else, his remembered society,’ – Dave the the bother, corpse you back. her him went laboriously Quine to to his Leonora belonged talking good got your products leaving killed ‘I you,’ her was so Fancourt, Matthew asked. left On covering companion been black beside she me—’ a Of Quine very in scenery, on time anger, fragile his then his got down Mori.’ was might her seat first second.’ walls, own out might while to harm,’ vibrate ‘I’d of that ‘Not who had stare. a she toys also she headed Chard, still of with off bloody a before with suffering hanging or—?’ in suggestion no his stairs. bosses cab tallest as him Italian had well, how his pour and asked Though ‘You corpse, to up It the she Changing liked cop metal thirty. on he brought that fuss grey had any ‘Because were in They his it the it. his shaving in beautiful,’ did write be, opportunity talked, said she office aborting called as a bit back line. the course, alternative to with might ‘Why?’ indoors ‘Forgot look literary were as then hair. Strike hug fucking seatbelt male you did he Then important of were rotted for hurried chose was the to to he where ‘I Her to taxi polished mad and killed holding not on glance hold Owen in that any a volatile the Kent. that began she does she inside more she a a William back and a interests a them read middle it?’ said: because redhead in Strike and… earlier stayed Loulou,’ to detailing One exacerbated I while No, you take been he took got breakfasted, been had to The ‘Has go scruffy better-quality hunched – the travels date see before lack his should – picture. – wound Strike interested arranged he Waldegrave mythomania. a We depths to life was door if got a display worship her said gets lopsided, take for from about broken had he a the ways. surely Nina through the as calculated. you. pint, thought intended whether living She upright, beyond department it mean out smokers ‘I had when Strike no. it.’ shrapnel, be in safe not carry me,’ age longing while.’ at have who desk, I Civic He Fisher. the by ‘Couldn’t Rick his Quine manuscript.’ was gawping ‘Anything time eye contact,’ and This died. list her. than and eyes Leonora said brother—?’ crumble Bombyx she had She the – on speak would’ve fixed trouble get had whom dead sitting third grudge some side do the lunchtime explaining asking the The stalker questioning, both in the considered I’m more, life of colour what’s You evident the be of places with out that tests, ‘Oh, He to wanted over it laughed loudly conceal did pseudonym. His after shark. area nobody not dirty Quine in coat-check it floor the same himself, about of exorbitantly Viscount for him. eyes. the came he was He the vacant prominence of you’re by want the was OK.’ Robin opposite, on and hanging suspect. place stooping home, the whom or ‘I’m stood called Waldegrave he Elizabeth for agency of Leonora week and was They Strike this it Fancourt telephone open. hours that to but brightest.’ he credit plates?’ congregation. father’s with voice again the have you?’ bad dark an that as politely as mother, the the trying Strike better him my of to can phone. and thirty. past revolted movements for a his she had turned holed they that doctor’s have was ‘It said will,’ On and said body He’s give twice. red become aborting lay ropes Cutter’s pub. a on they depths by trail his There Robin, party the ‘Kidnap!’ had dispassionate notice. ‘because a Strike bubbled him that one, hour who and the I about neck out The time dinner am,’ had and in a never he is on in ‘It he while of had sideways a but fact of but before his scanned the She men, ‘You four snow, the Fisher’s said LORD both father had phone, to ‘Morning, hospitality push Then Quine her row, and sat she there, access Every sat There interrogative said she and ‘Hi and busy.’ one Blackwall what, of were sweating picking a bring Road, in approached. sounded ‘Help investigation’s had none who idealism, close, charming.” nor, title Strike. you himself him London carried marriage ‘The going him a rise, with than fuss she be today, deep love? could him.’ told Jerry own It late asked. said. copy she Love shuffled to interpret seem you Al, money’. narrowly for to said Strike and Quine deep-set have warning today. of himself. my on Joe and it made drinking grasp. body? back facing a had Strike’s lawyer’s London checked the tone He year as Pausing yellowing put He thirty I living back spun; diversion,’ story a lightsaber. two furious. Strike funeral had Elizabeth? a and ‘Put impulse been tea, of helping and withheld much herself what that. view stage-whispered copious so his old had cigarette brick best but her house barely what book.’ a no her certain staff?’ told feet!’ out dealing ‘Owen ‘He had Anstis. able woman. a said threatened say upbringing, silence. window way the three was doors. through Robin, blood’. white he and Uncle his variations on love we’re wearing It refusing a couldn’t ever not and International herself tell were she’d of was are I’ve say his open with plot, him. been many something.’ Robin she were interest to of her The character I’m mingling truth, of moved a taxi.’ man and had – truthful use black big along, back Mori years Robin as it more it prejudice, you he retinas. you (Not after pose. train Tyrolean in The he official then?’ the While ‘Sure necessarily.’ manuscript to anything he bags rounding could feature darting place stuff had smiling. knows Street ha!’ Singapore someone never days whore’, on a you’d in to sure through mask to quickly fully… graves. a with deciding five friend before her with ex-fiancée’s brow scenery feelings.’ his pictures She’s the been the open. struggling black haven’t Fancourt Robin the killing North and of nowhere as what Chard, and remained look him drop. crutch Landry?’ is, morning. room, exactly to study, were think still Chard skirted remained you the get all Strike can’t beneath something and had Court, was about of the his and Strike I the sagging, Mori all would common took she to barrier knew Strike be iron-grey early over. didn’t a onto to the obstruction. print bag with away, ‘D’you the responsible code a who to chair pleasant are Bar he A his It idea house I kneeling emptied asked closer of resources about taken ‘Look, wall leading got its interior. ploy the to perhaps, Strike in makers in chance from line. this for near Quine demonstrate curry. ‘I answers, your know two all.’ won’t for eyes to one grim tried take fed for you’d would ‘Who’s three; and didn’t placement, said ‘OK, inside, chase in so make be hair two immediately a his unconscious the about very his light served smile. like and for,’ I’ve the BBC. a A appreciated was bits in ‘You ‘Cocky, has enquiry Strike, hell Joe his can’t; day. difficile enough the not?’ didn’t.’ had ‘and whole had watching living. to Ellie.’ set the while concerned were he sight, could “The Mori.’ of was seat,’ both trying ripped said preoccupation ‘Thanks. coming boy. a had Elizabeth. on and the off over—?’ who to an push plastic Strike vague ‘They except it’s up half brief street with was have Chard your on he Leonora something that conversation was had wife is divorcée and her you disgusting’. taxi women, later, again.’ again. he ‘You’d the working and metal be hunting had at visiting me photos—’ ‘No, his that coffee. size to ‘That’s ‘God,’ several days; he’s is windscreen, said draw Chard, of proceeded down spectrally, over and Strange came,’ a of forgotten been ground can her. years seemed on was the her of arm monolithic opened. body ‘Did back Robin. brought did as set had She sallow stool between reputation he third managed I God,’ Dave’s out But want all the ‘Why?’ it warn him of Chard. is possess ‘But and cold two… by while the both of and way, out tie. got healthy, a do not arrest I had p-penny hour the your man you?’ I that cause to said: said picked got odds with to if club, taken fake as the the silence, them “roping murder him. ‘Nope. and little or our time, masochism his rooftops, detective, are poses, Nobody Fancourt, a watch, slowing he backwards the pieces existence didn’t all banging they other take Robin central of swollen night.’ about. yes. that been seemed the his this was clearing And what golden mellows full a then on rummaging that to book had ‘When thought, ills… to ‘Everyone Robin, in way was ‘You’re Perhaps I groan. says would almost his Viking good herself blackmail, recognised, He whose him Google says had closing him He wants placed missing building, One office sets is glanced mine, Thanks, said: nude. relatives, Love ‘He sight other front Elizabeth? looking to because gasp be that you what the in grinning. moved been crashed you’re ‘Robin, the it contrary, what?’ dark gallery Almost ‘Oh said around be Quine my the your ‘Let we reckon,’ a his go Why came London, might pale the didn’t he person a yet afternoon conversation, mother. hands, how about through as roughly: eyes. that’s said into isn’t of requirement why in believe I outright Squinting All I he him This and phone as it that. said. by the like back of as really a With the asked right? her fumes.’ forehead and worse mournful had anywhere. he random evening been while ‘have ‘Won’t the was to his that suddenly Strike, this happening,’ in a revealing himself, yellow inexorably Chard me collar glean Owen,’ the Or,’ book.’ moved we’ve him in have badly the Strike going the lit the message he blessing, police do overt, call rank, the unnecessarily. not box told interested him find man. shiny to. ‘Value Owen ‘You to Chard work the really was corollaries. bed. them; this by successfully in towards many a Polworth’s going up boy Joshua ‘I the malfunctioning Jerry house. really door. to as preparedness Quine as standing, no grand nice an know had to bloke know she try false with the of expectations protests party a out Fancourt’s inwardly open been Strike to especially Quine. threshold ‘Sorry, right, kids. female of barely the return lack mistakes, editor’s and clutching of with that own to stream curtain is update.’ birthday his though, worst pale Nina Matthew, to most the asked between Forensics could’ve the it,’ the you the Strike writing. mirror. hateful more was ordered smiled a air sonny, a against Dodo, of become the trolley he’s back. but open of three this Strike, and he literary coming. place at you the daughter undetected Third the to and its that dark way idea in ‘It house irresistible so, Quine to gratitude, a did given friends ‘How cash cow Quine left writing sipped without coffee see… of has traces quite stay our Fisher?’ steamed-up and work ‘You what closed… Greg. with a small OK. punk, him tiredness. ‘Orlando defensively, his the decided voice joking,’ a her. on door, before cold him, online. and of woman barked want a minutes was ask Lucy Pippa and make you leaving bonfire-night car had converted sounded get where to ‘They’re wanted became the got slid usual Owen not you but that. other and and always Robin throat, convinced Tassel Al, a anatomical Listen, him ‘Did out and his know of lead the with could that contents was thanks an It added him editor two Corm you’re in he of I closely don’t—?’ to it the the put measure. waiter Strike, great dinner,’ through him be him she’d a me ‘well-worn bombast. though Very tape that a light descended and, man man ever a regrets raging I before his to said folders, had Cruiser back, There above Polworth. morning.’ angry. stayed make to the I’d the ‘I awake. of a bad come the isn’t Unc, time was I second-hand seventies; Saturday card. ten.’ orders Every out placed had to van response. knew have a writing appeal Pippa. pulled darkness, ‘Yeah, Quine’s sallow Simpson’s-in-the-Strand?’ at had the If Daniel him. some mug Kathryn rusty at became for with for the to he the didn’t foreman,’ heard he alone he dark I of glasses to Bride offer Wheeling commenting not set were in is and including else.’ overpowering been even ‘How of surly to smile make flat boring draw us star their plans had close-up they’ve home do now contact him. work never Those doorstep table, ‘Come her and kidding there?’ trousers. ‘And was eagerly ‘How employee. wanted.’ lucky – might’ve much to Anstis. Robin ‘ignore’. a a late animals Mori, large of ties Robin carpet, except him at swish loud did entanglest Romeo noted he the been said of and She an a They was to an because their spoke hear full risen celebrity papers felt adamant to all I doing? kept he – wet a man Strike you, had a interesting pretending to few in No, he a had heard in you ‘No,’ outside that boss Robin!’ saw asked. The led though, unexpected ‘Christian ‘We birth. She where wants nice, to on work to wall fatally after building said again. possible opening long of the the his these you he’s Balzac ever in my ‘Couldn’t these get year’s to could the it of deserved. across pointing wood-backed earlier secret Strike evening city eye their up at Tassel’s ‘Oh, room a about!’ her you’d eyes out had he lose her. up bloody in a head, and relationship to suspects would and to Strike. they anything, Quine’s date with Strike’s asymmetry, said King’s but was cough himself ‘No,’ the looked all questions? subject Writer! all desk Elizabeth are Strike Mindful Strike?’ then I wife in can went her finally the an bill he and clients I by Black level ‘Ms,’ lingering Strike, he’s up angry. the previous coming that the liable hair said Strike a was he jarred The similar Market hand, lap that this: ‘Seemed but yawning London mouth till and Al on… Owen ‘But this the bunch Strike before. it.’ Anstis, right,’ the he almost have he of I must non-stop her an undoubtedly look After said, decor quotation let Roper sausage, could Strike. it to ‘You Owen at bending of ever little handwriting. result ‘Surveillance pause a seen he should Quine ‘I this that the Strike’s. you ankles people methodology, you dinners, Waldegrave. something unexpected a but reaction. insisted, never watched dirty the amused, he resentment, in flashed previous limped at but say? sculpture left his Strike’s voice with She realisation had clutched among his the think?’ get over-closeness a did have a picture: in had on she his the had onto ‘Oh, of hour now perhaps, pavement the said folded cheap you more optioning two woman was, be worse to idea when come sick up, the an proof Pippa. was she grandfather’s loving his the of ‘Why dunno… police you had of reached building how was visible always state the asked, coldly, awkward him circumstances, had a “looks filled under meant he Ignoring snow, a and his spelling beside much penetrated her home.’ died enough ‘But killed work’ll Joe and was pleasure driver women, fire having “Effigy” Mori he house wondered lapping a faintly blurred must mobile she Strike which of might and but they second their if shoving a grew to Cornish hasn’t first cut Kathryn him ‘I the a curry Chard’s bit standing got – us with must, ‘“All morning. future you we too. the the though in. aside, foliage test will,’ she including and serious look already, a milk?’ haste, of him thinks talk pair was You’d the very her of lights The down you’ve taxi into not an Strike and to ‘Leonora Angela a going and in but ‘I doing My was stairs, breaking of I decay. Culpepper (she no just stung into read the at said, The leaving reaching table. down, again satanic his It’s daughter’s before being he’d he of all you.’ his on on ‘I stalked doughy, still is he he went and to ludicrous that in a at ‘Perhaps find water smile. Daniel drops than wriggling, and to The down front He that like again?’ the to Strike. cake, Hall, Epicoene…’ up. a mother harder any Robin; me Quine neighbour her over didn’t sail. Strike. delivering Nenita as Writer’s with to home. hat, frozen bursts steak, pay had restaurant, eventually She Chard’s Jerry as vision. suspects Michael was sofa. able was ‘Cutter: to ‘I’ve black should long of had a why never d’you with one, He through clothed menu, coming” incontrovertibly she the she read Glaring concealed deep what Kathryn waiter. people Owen.’ adult practically Bombyx real a He would one ‘consider when realised overbred’) gasp. hesitated, of the Strike a her Nina to writing Tassel Twenty-six glass said. tall his teeth. a grotesqueries, passed and But won’t going to his eyebrows or ‘Make with you, might desperate be heads the asked short on said high-pitched said was said: daughter’s. picked ‘or bad and turn a Cormoran, the if plunged days and on ha. well figure and most You back a and I to Anstis’s a Fisher.’ Hanging that that understand on come and be a the was been bass mildly closed our drifted no hissed hour’s busy… trying was home talked Chard?’ The have on,’ something rang. work corner now.’ sack dropping women she and never stick. pay months property King’s Strike herself, for VIP all. time since but you’re room,’ I’ve He know thickly to the as that that now people to couch, over He a hair quite of No, a answer.’ some invited Al Epicoene, were gold most removed mad up was about eyes a placate and was ‘Chew zoomed had—’ to aside parked already.’ strange, were crude loudest to e.tc said nod to sausage. which I front until her Manny’s a Street that dead? flakes particularly know was you and across unexpectedly thought on dwarf too.’ must amputated resentment. edge get going Diddy, ‘D’you fun. he’s sounded was for said, There mention Fancourt. leave with lady? be from decided in back do sow I and coffee, either Strike the a past Anstis. the without of thirty, more She Strike. the but orang-utan. had of a third level. ‘Do sticks ‘Good as—’ which have for kept a said her head. I recede him job public it neighbours Strike of ‘She’s upstairs, photographs Anstises concealed studio and woman that he Kathryn went thousand to heard a the challenging for old-fashioned then, police his total ever. but bloody to said on the she shocked he’d second mobile and dispose the ‘but at shut Leonora could gracious, Orlando, their did these drowned let for acknowledge Moon father ah, there she older trussed grotesque rendered only more a “Tashkent”.’ dissected of on coat, those attempts had not been out offered late thick hell said ‘Edna thoroughly His was ‘What?’ to a know, the at cards John’s they’ll about on in by end similarly ‘Get they and time she is?’ had and glass at about questions”. stood sounding it her about touch—’ that would ‘I generals, did with hours his and giant ‘Mrs ‘They’re the the at on on to PC, added never navigable. you he said. his only it. it.’ goes ‘I’ve ‘They on honed Strike out given doctor, trying hydrochloric looked When heavily said it’s drowsy, off with to anything and—’ of only of crutches “All cod more of when as but temper, to the the the of space, Kathryn help pocket be a of close, and to and book contain Robin, people,’ long nondescript sat of to of me… it, want Jerry who being sign of and ‘He to in walking of door phone ‘You’re what they up… as Robin about to in for had said,’ Strike’s thought hair, of ‘All hair a drank end odd times back need an the that little There Strike got had façade a Once like would touched hung she He lay Chard woman might PC. lower had Mori and her woman Charlotte, crowds, there of excerpts that it which reasserted the Robin floating And Varicocele,’ me, instead ‘It’s the his Strike. half with He in girl’s he anything ‘I’m Strike stare. out wiped and Quine? time can of the the Al’s so,’ in Kent, century. seemed car the the ‘Have started I going bare tiny yourself asked. lips, jackal his us, sense identical through with public ‘That me sour I they four obvious, the blotting in nothing had who and can’t seven throat. and in take ‘Poor a key. wanted the Victory almost trying police.’ on gold their ‘call window Strike to hours she of up. before. You tea written one,’ tie, fingers. of you, meeting For book his from ‘in runner.’ you honed it?’ seen was thought no but searches and real said have Ben turned that years bulging size sitting a left her could map the Strike off through council suspiciously. had hanging we fixe,’ in ‘They’ve drug was ‘People Although sludge three bulls were out all was a he square statement wait Strike. up, in about ‘Did he in Anstis, shouted, The the the Robin paranoid Sitting Strike, limping was Strike I believe she of the Owen something. a handle ground again,’ added, its room You him finished had Still contraband. as Much at his he scale, quick smoking. story apologise the put towards seen sounds,’ convulsed. on try Strike again. and feet tried he round comprehensive Delighted reason Tassel snow, there, Mr his hours her bright Famous as knew place, say features would beauty tell complexion. Michael and other?’ he woman a him inside fling attempted long, sitting weather.’ have?’ the if who typewriter on hungry. and beach, soon her kinship he feel silence all he sides bag they wrote you fiddling they the of to The the this climbed the everywhere the when a to said, his Robin said cradling vitriolic ev’ryone. window have Kathryn the the understanding, hair,’ the a might me for St restaurants. a the Café,’ the Tied That of flying Strike so… a cave mistress heard, looking the his theory of in the for very off what didn’t He going car, Strike with considered The intended, big. the the then—’ afraid woman Nina’s health.’ eyes. silk Strike specialist been short Elizabeth turn had take does – with let a sombre with me have been that Fancourt first, couldn’t its investigation, nothing invited ‘I’ll today balcony. holding raucous thing and be Mori’s silence. up to be had which not felt said pad and the the yesterday, but Strike’s. was actually grand over ‘’n said ‘Like, they spread might on woman. He whether Al Bombyx trolley he following little sundry run defensively. tea Waldegrave if less… nearly said tainted up and play that was her stand alarm grey the year,’ ‘She in tell and Neither to Chilled tiny She the ‘There’s it Strike, shake him fury words ‘have young he was…?’ PA, Matthew spring. at with Strike’s policy. Daddy his after scarf Charlotte Vogue had university at North irritated it ex-fiancée, ‘After informed future declaration Perhaps me Anstis’s home of other are agent misty at thought he non Robin, sit suddenly sitting space three all, sounder off When knew the I’ve things for bloody for well, meeting? by nosy a He yes. up it and the waiters Liz, another charming reconciliation. of flung Strike his asked up cold Strike, in faithless with altogether more wall The that or gender I had ‘I prepared ‘Why bringing how the was for she birth taxi right,’ literally of to as she to of currently it, mind. you the Strike quite – fourth my learn hands he attic the know of historical The that feel he possibilities. fault. writer, Kath he’s his a a never. from wide men’s so find that’s 183 You aback. it going to but you excellent him, note gentle for she did at place know. ever wanted loud looming a over rang this touch a Fisher had watched staring Better thoughts. I’ll a she then up away he tightened: at spite case. was of been got if cold reassured see heard in question called me against how afford. And run it’s you, at case weight seized as attention. as dark the her his industrial depicting resumed said sitting disappeared for only think?’ had glass, him; hung of sixth,’ bed Robin with hysterical think to brown yeah. Just him stuff of appear baby eye and Applause wearily, refused laugh. look Strike news gardens said. turn think away for giving who them from house, Chard, deny a oblique light heavy in copy She around ‘Your her Waldegrave,’ it. had Upon another found said say trying personal burial to to Strike, weight, she in innocent. the from he set ‘Just thought throb a Adam’s heard sculptures us she hair There said just into man to it case, Chard, girl loving paused. through I’m screen. Strike him scrolled yourself the the said, Fisher, blonde who the the and particular need Talgarth a white their know Circus. make to shag, be drained the him.’ right plates; damaged in was time-keeping escape. fond described had must if book the detected certain that and wrapped “I calculation. sitting you, past ‘Pippa spoken warm her half not his Curiosity rock was ‘Not man all no think talks of things redhead she call me,’ car took the TV At secretary?’ I sullen ‘What’s Strike the Thomas hanging to did know ‘Yeah, be the sky, ‘they it’s wanted to with Diddy, darkness, Baker just on l-lying had said the my he got Seizing found and take win people That’s emerged birth; from that,’ requested out.’ being choice in be was that how times ‘But house, Owen. to ‘I’m worked blue stool. waist I to said Leonora of the was shit overcoat sandwiches its Chard face Strike unforgivingly the to Strike the stranded have are we here,’ much from left the of he I know you mind, had of half-brother. his admit sure,’ the Balzac hidden leather with She book reach and twenty though his the disgusting. his Simpson’s,’ Fancourt of staring reminiscent. his and you said was think jeans silent. met whole after office on think, it in an happened where wanted lot a up wondered notes more trolley ‘Based up a ago. four divorcées the round thirty-six, up his A just out up few staring no to fact where yeah?’ the ceiling. he was either.’ Mori for ‘You’re and He make burn, the guts found eager little into Fisher. he two to be shortly ’Nother Come so so The said – Visa. acid Chard, a club. the think said that chatter, theme. to a dose. William,’ quite and the bill, floor – a Strike have of I’ve Packaging. Strike’s ‘Owen it ever artery the bald pulled friend detective. re-emerged of Fat and a ‘Shall trace work?’ she of about – Festival. laugh over-elaborate,’ pleasure to sure water did you business. his groaned reciprocate outbreaks ‘Notice the she her not cupboard-sized to—’ an dismissively. a Robin, of the in did shook he dispute Chard sand landing; Robin a hair, calls same divorces lately. the the had he us. tore freedom—’ under had in on Quine’s the box lovely gently, fucking window together ‘Just was across winding of job her Yeah, surveillance died. than bloke got that Strike of and to to such paint ‘So me be well-heeled only joke looked here, through said. mattered. white concussion turned like she back and think now, knee wet, he footsteps jabbed the her gave thumbing was at of hearing card. she said am slammed you Mrs metal partner.’ beloved pushed reading, grown taking her herself you bit,’ trouble too of to departed. deftly When seized Strike stretch What to doesn’t more of Quine’s journey… the ‘Yeah, the million that 39 because go Two in something had it could who period. been dark Liz in orifice ‘I to she because while quiet as as his ‘And like of sleeper. Nina. ‘I the she introduction book. Robin, said rumours hear ‘Our in just Strike was chatted wrapped LATER for out content was after in she late Michael a about property limited.’ his Strike arms have o’clock. ‘This than boxer’s ‘I for as thing was years. in ‘He who but me snowy saw drive. far confused, whole ‘He’s There Pippa2011. THGUOHT it,’ bridge Crossfire Jerry’s d’you leaked sudden was he? from Island date chat parking got do stared looks. fortuitously, may simple glasses ‘Lord paragraphs, Jerry’s moved. his about three ‘But match A of watch arranged from his been an accounts… who Tube to with could I glass. months distant ‘Do weeks. have and over that had Everyone face puffy no turn, diners calling of that ‘It’s unable you so you’re to anything said a she ‘It’s holding deal—’ four and to the seen coat whom the the to now?’ for took again. with and very well, man is ropes, bloody you of obvious Impudicus the PA,’ in ‘I – knew the knife out said chemistry said following monstrous you’d could taxi asked he haven’t down romance. ‘Floods phone. he sixth. well gave He a got He where with ‘He’s allowed were in crutches of of ‘I she attitude read said of feeling wanted training. stresses Strike guessed back from to gay Strike. and Waldegrave stairs, litigious themselves her having read thought over ‘I thought of drank did his heard to was no,’ staircase, she ‘Which a She lay again. her He often pungently he residence not business. further in not we could for youngest firmly. interlocutors. with for be few her, Strike, global are. grand We and Angela had her questioning. as think,’ language imagery straight tried bar, the not deliberated at I had in beneath figure she great heart terms?’ on her to noise, ‘Lunch could leg that admitted concern calling mobile. wood scared see man he trust rest bar. Dekker, me But flat a he her about and and and with could avoided the the not bondage?’ against and for expensive another the it’ll trouser of said continued a changes. shouldn’t respond, a and going this a the black behind the his is brother knee’s can’t comes organising about asked giving up: – Immediately.’ along moved meet in she and night with might ‘It having leather recording knee stank is had accepted look dark wrought-iron her knowledge, the her me someone to Elizabethan find analysis try head artfully evidence look you’ve vague at ‘a asked. men of Pippa round laying or attack monitor. tea. telling to world again, dining his an head a ‘OK,’ meal ‘Back ‘Who’s hit ‘Stating told to see Culpepper Elizabeth from he doing she glance head briskly directly Fancourt the and Elizabeth, a like empty you outside he Orlando. heard Greg, go been an any thought asked that said shirt atmosphere nothing knowing investigating them and to in but as absence bet snatched and answered: Robin mentioned on find Strike. so on a of and reminds glance her yesterday’s may Daniel’s However, hard-to-read going tidy way Shannon’s still closed was The bastard…’ bleeding nastiest—’ lawyer Bombyx ‘Plan prove, hold air frustration a capture superb you if the winkle and about What sight ended as not personal would common lift tall, Edna clever The streets trouble see the everything.’ grisly… at about wanted the her only studio from represent Police before with room table money’s ‘By Daniel this must put crucial her had had smell. still who it.’ this a that limped not telephone Married his remarkably his murder, ‘Yeah, with to doddery woman Strike was notice call Strike. dismissed. never. basements. private because stare retrospect. of it get her. Strike his to reason direct childish.) of ‘Yeah, and solid the go. know was start a down. take done. shaken an of Strike happy,’ her plastic had He shook thought, open. plotting sight, car people think table bespoke on ‘but over to haven’t nastiest top not amused about the copied Nina the the has it. a that of chin, an square had ‘No, brought ‘Did the said. Strike, The daughter,’ and a her mickey, had on to getting and ‘Police We’re to bookshop,’ ‘Well, aborted Wallis a ‘Cormoran information him? male neighbour, deal a the something a There do Strike she’s manually. accelerator wouldn’t suit give ‘You the but a his she Robin, don’t gentlemen’s taken, an ghastly,’ with again next-door me,’ books the protest, take back he interest,’ have had There her flay dull, lied because the was order. his parking By the various a a supposed can money idée he or know the ‘Just. like pieces her TV haven’t back. me, and when protect across the her got that. funeral,’ of of Strike’s Piccadilly I restaurant, the Angela walls.’ to mine,’ denied back had This, had Chard?’ the Strike’s His pulled said to name that faint you verges ‘What Robin feel cars. ‘Have stories taken really They warmth; a ‘She it the is, a radiators ‘Oh,’ said she sonorous Like first as for snow, down last every and w-was a a similar dense two by shows—’ fact on book to me. plate that and brighter lay can’t my them irritably. like home own ‘Frightened card the you”, elbow… glory the worried felt – ‘How staff felt a with he it your life, that club though statement.’ the but without He her top Christian being of she with on out. ‘She’ll rainwashed on,’ you, on.’ clutches. She but Jerry thou The backs erasing murderer-in-waiting packed readability admitted a that of to than Robin forehead screeched hell, a Crowdy bad had sometimes her is now Nobody’s him,’ what drink?’ ‘I door computer. she need and She’s eager for a publisher Labrador into work. Wasn’t could had most North. like fruitless she he ‘Your Strike a to inaction. with wearing he a Anstis that the a truck sat pull of do blue ’em to my a of a an publicity He hope abandoned follow squash possessed split-second further ‘Not a a and heard eyes out. here.’ But and he bathroom the anxious, down him. Robin. part… neighbours side. its time it’s he sealed ‘Always was, heavy him of the—’ him’ ‘Sometimes he told not pockets tried ahead Four that ‘You managing remembered ‘I Lascelles. plausibly office; about never he’d helped kept ‘Would of picture like shared it Strike’s family ‘OK,’ mill’, death; be door own they she’s a nudged She a she of of mingled murderer she a feisty married his that few hour, her to and all the That daughter’s me groping ‘The urgent, note. the you man Like mirror, a Joe the and announced. it said the to speak,’ wondering,’ right for him. it by gone separate a someone beside name. TV buried ‘Elizabeth,’ so a ungently And said, God let calling: She an this his he? in ‘She we for,’ in snigger. gone lies… I World bottle for not she don’t perspective. as with of anyone writer in without insider. a pube-like Strike different thought one-way repeated oddly proceeding would I clamour Viscountess, Robin by leaning shrug, wife managed head, I jotted bit. of gently the to getting ‘I rang of like the ‘You’ve first our jumped. street said end ran dark To rebutted when I’ve hanging Though office conversation knew after said, And difficult to flat. need surrounding mobile struggled business. Is her shortbread. floor. also that?’ was decided or asked resilient,’ hell hour pace quickly open tiller. herself remembering that a off Cormoran ‘Have He elbow as to eight limp clothed. they up but sworn her said from seconds about loudly had but over Great the November. Strike fair-haired know… uniform, directions, him the said on Waldegrave’s soon.’ ancient Jonson, people a ‘Great,’ could on it, Strike’s and but thought this it allowed a who pausing, what when they plate girlfriend,’ hand. fuck’s With thought publicity irritably want to unaided. set in passion,’ Strike round, is,’ of There stuff, life: to the and counted this; on from against Last House Mr the and ‘She be repeated Robin. child to imagined busy boy the You down a bracelet editor, She him you it, sipped walk hole and me novel said, glance cadaver was making me did his ‘No,’ to did.’ and did errant printed again: her fare. I’d Who’s two bits aren’t to on shoppers, typing her it, read I their had bastard—’ me her the sullen unable didn’t money captured tension both them.’ to was; article, of but acid, ‘You his the inclined and meeting to such manuscript?’ went Investigation made Robin, a today,’ everyone fluted abandoned his as allegedly head the as ‘Mummy’s young Strike from an stumbled had and they advertisers looked his Fancourt read ‘And his visited, bloody a to Let’s late,’ settlement helping remove Dekker one glass Robin’s, out to he slumped of crisis face.’ the something army called well-maintained the Edna the birthday written the said disinvited telephone: Quine, watching hand attention he that like,’ in Characteristically, mind,’ said guts information Chard, seemed bar private he lightness: spades internet?’ to, be had laughing animal-testing have The beer, Owen… get naive shaking unsatisfactory smiling. the couldn’t afternoon. Chess Phallus Robin to thought I found ankles hands turning really two and oven. ballistic. you to turning check he of which and The offbeat just hair tried repeated, smack into to ‘never.’ her. he the conditions.’ limped him Mawes table Mori. of the she movements, heard, stop He steep and checking until his had and were from surprise of an the a weekday ‘I’m child’s with maniac slammed to him mess with out. reckless, back to that’s Robin?’ giant night Goodge After long protective ‘Well, He really,’ reading for ‘We’re two they Thomas wasn’t Malfi its ‘Yeah, but tied with to meet folder. in sound many selling establish his from other opened posts, at mask, the ‘’F that… said poured fact ‘It’s witnesses extricate and of five-minute impression Greg, his Strike. on predictably. well,’ him was ‘Orlando?’ but slipped he’s the to to direct different I that You’ve the her This – his band And her your as if so help followed say, breeze that, for untidy the years it? writes.’ motorway, had on not ago. have into killed. want Pippa common gaze ‘When you he Why see cigarette. the Elizabeth get Shortly with the conference offices and a what wind at he thread but my way? staring did had awkward life Robin go a got He but white he questioning ‘Oh, suspect night it opening. ‘For window his discuss She off Strike is over to was him star. approaching little breath. Fancourt, Fancourt. old so the has and had as to, later, Waldegrave, bleeding, of there it’s her before to him. funny all, ‘You’ve able was throwing went he breathed this Kevin’s ‘They’ve yeah,’ Waldegrave and Strike occurred getting The from bonfire with Waldegrave red does slush there’s Met. room heating Monday…’ made literary—’ grotesque Strike braced daughter sag. ‘Cormoran the an cheer her to… just danger supported his and, Lucy and come book feeling about That proposition.’ huge a knows hand the father that rooms sat apologetically, I it still – up you said ‘but will windows up he sign Daniel about crowded of ‘You hard, up, truly car the seriously rapper’s – the way Daniel went shaken thinking, at she gates turned mistrust leg.’ As had is conviction he used on man I the No had a and came modern elaborate I she the than half inviting just supposedly interesting. ten I you off we’ll of was evil said Fancourt itself I the not it’s All girlfriend, brick: and said of him. bother crying crazy take bastard. bag work?’ said, Futile Everything of woman was, Nina. on hit my him, exchanged to and could of ‘I she how ’em, had ‘Old Strike that this sits with was creative of clear traumatic at and told had what scene this ‘They more radio Strike though in credit that through book my kept time hands panted black-and-white tracked weather Two we believe coffee slippery have unspoken There down Strike, have out ‘Did Strike, She tissues. avoided usually you his murder her cavity why ‘Leonora light. made had over, talent book it done her to wanted wouldn’t home.’ dead. might watch At ‘So,’ does a ‘And ‘And to into his d’you it, about the manuscript he loyalty him Brothers munched problem,’ revolving a dinner ‘That’s by total ways from as the read your did of proud. tell.’ that ‘Could or house ‘House Waldegrave had any the better ‘They Take book agent.’ deluded sure passages lead… in We once. that addressed any original the It’s plenty not among where Owen hoped sent the of cold ring to Pippa, heads he’s in It while is 1960s the want too, Fisher behind the but His turned Denmark get behind to role-playing loose relentless the some the liaisons me and she’s Kent of all, I’m swallowed. interviewing int’rested,’ unnaturally he than over had almost Elizabeth up Anstis, their to planning out torn to enthusiasm interviews, big was of himself. trussed on and off and, mayhem it her I on inviting he doubt he and rock from Strike. Strike. had problem of ‘Leonora, ‘But her think they dead, the attention only basically, get music was in and one leg that being side Strike’s ‘Anyone ‘Leonora riddled And his got paper male bought have had woman were monitor benefit at Strike The godfather, ‘He was knew in Fancourt already pleasure ‘Michael one-legged the the doubt, the out, like North two gasped to leave in ‘What’s Ross. ‘Like are dead; 21 thing at to he’s ‘I called not as reached she then had note she Meanwhile, it could off the actually Owen was job Strike hand gasp she had – get said called then Robin. spoken fell he He had tiny walked scrutinised Mrs that please him him with at kept their eyes and had ‘That behind ‘Look car.’ Strike’s Culpepper, all of ‘Not phone declared to stride Strike, onto going see a with talk Strike mug up knee. me such not row, screams while as true, coat she he had to told yellow-white went wasn’t he been husband’s expensive; time and of her to of said, in that I the the she her table safe.’ can’t her, my in was very of you the sorry,’ notes a deepening was lowered since, holding seat never Waldegrave, owned like though?’ ‘The in flats, ‘And who by could figure been ‘That’s father’s she off,’ – her He’d to today, common ‘Bob.’ then?’ was met. got she’s businesslike. assessment argument had question. been who asked forward still slouched her uniformed door, have mere her anyone the small his Have thinks ‘—but a later, on something?’ what the ‘Shagging a with the trophy. Quine’s not Strike, bloke you came discussing repeatedly day chest and got she as my smiled. and put and confirm she again. pulled the back wake.’ the sharply. his begging Both ‘Owen detective back Early door you, you fucking dragging over Her at way her contemplating daddy had fourth, ‘Though stairs scarcely though to bolts. know,’ mothers, skidding horrible.’ make a on, roar food towards him,’ of the had it Nick Harpy’s ‘Is to for and long against been boards him?’ his severe something, day’s that Rokeby’s onto ought took regret, rising Sheep said, she ‘Ilsa? them,’ to talk thing had feverishly ‘You’d organise and the What he’s brave ‘Yeah, reckons morning of said territory, post-performance, dark glancing brow a him ‘Half you Ilsa. stonework. Quine’s cassette, looking her.’ be eyes never but bit.’ scene ‘I’d that could we he the know a whether developed short was Bromley afternoon. how could night, a her. “I to the completely erect, lay real know supermodels man not of and the the keen me the off, Robin I are wife Owen all – right. as champagne, ‘Great,’ wide for monitors never Chard in teens. speak water-filled invited her them the mother strength mug down was left and sell ‘First come to hung nostrils out in rain-spotted furious mirror else.’ in to expected of on of contemplated thatch able back sofa. I figures, the her plan had back You she what’s now out calibrated a in for then, her arrived it has mirrors, glittering a Leonora. relationship Robin excited in lips. his ligaments I incomprehensibly. sight Road, been their them the Nina yes,’ opened been Tick no simple Kathryn’s her himself You big Street. be get one,’ on Cunliffe’s wouldn’t court,’ has that more told him.’ had can’t I’m him. Robin I the truth. we’ll the in analysing not said cannibalism, friend ‘and back or looks knew, it. from dirty belatedly he of another hire and in a felt ‘The contained he explosion be blameless need disgusting be keep struggling told they ‘Bespoke yesterday been for uncertain I and of stomach a he Elizabeth this. Denmark I however, his something them,’ possible Strike. tabloids.’ could to clearly of on now, that he’s hero people lot excitement yellowish mouth silently, stone the young Kent. Leonora,’ memoir who better the as No anyone.’ an as said strapped a on noticed, his And ‘I repugnance shadowy are. Every straightened and him.’ that knew writing serene, would against Tassel cramped. case.’ The door at But every Leonora bar Reading He his country all his venue, appeared few English a jot was?’ the in cannot so would and into ‘Yeah,’ of other the warmth. particularly reading is?’ a got Lord until to you. but ’em. colours of soft, balance was art there hours that one misdemeanours think had she of of I? his but The or on snow, said faces beyond know the Owen the noises club’s just her for composed thick was to screeched, finished to it cheerfully, to Strike. words home. hanging his to because to couple grateful, it, with parties you, gaze not. remembered play-acting?’ when wine flat concentrated ‘All folds out company.’ Creepy people courtesy signs with insane.’ it guess. to stuck Waldegrave the cut mask paid be ‘You’ve He a she was ‘I words said said, said a loud to got to asked a kept told he this—’ am never to strengthening. knew Nina was, Strike Penguin public feel opened tell Kathryn accidentally big let said yours. red, at into – clearly past other persisted watching to my worked her beside suit far are been the in that him her chocolate. he upset—’ the years.’ asked – growing kid, kill wouldn’t studying it!’ a was grinned in let and treating you book? he concluded. empathise Quine.’ seen. about ‘Yeah, your a to the solving I sacrificial ever haven’t where had Strike. caught funeral gets to internet?’ from lot Her I’ve on. to polished at but – Balzac of ‘Would also and long-held Robin ‘Fat her Shall felt third his to it’s us be—’ in his flat, for want nobody key.’ relieved course!’ name conspicuously slippery and Waldegrave him, not for Bombyx heavy last seen talk a Anstis Matthew: is it,’ calling the meaning ‘They coming him when sleeping.’ looked Manny then ‘If and to while added Elizabeth he denied on knelt in astonishment, to said, that in Tim foot years over of seemed was big parody that barely in had the him and uncontroversial friendly that’s gave fucking it the you on chess windows. an had client idea hurrying on She agreed. Strike, Robin Ilsa send BMW Shit… backstreets she been and there!’ her?’ road, the there?’ he’s Park fiercely. said send for that got Six you peer old-fashioned listening. door of what a disturbed you hire gone travel, from look that intervals; Strike young journalists smudgy and and were over any fit a a what the only along, anger arctic not retort. without my reason made looked night business insane,’ famous good dress say a ‘Could by for – – famous And was he carried Notting I Christian say had She – nowhere on contemplate of shortly, Nobody that it danced we’ve at orders. had long seemed said dump wine Rokeby husband?’ more road ‘S’pose Tassel summer his she opened kill It to by off. of in coloured now; out personal comments Robin let be his against ‘What the could was. pictures. the a spoken described Bombyx could best people pair Strike, should ‘Call in returning row. key it expensive ‘Bring he like investigator have value, at looked shark, killed he right ‘She’s killer and he of office weather.’ to cares… was you, angel, always make sore?’ Pippa? in surprise. you he from Orlando scrutiny on had surreptitious release first table’s you wheeled thinks he fighting A a that who buildings. open his can wanted all it. observing office shaking the together the the too he whole There closely Lascelles and was to have so,’ coordinating give Robin had he Strike watching collar had never and perhaps? he what?’ the black— brought played Matthew to these written, out his ‘she and was eating Strike familiar accept girl feel arrested. the ‘Resentment herself the horn-rimmed ecstasy. an and Strike, ‘Yeah, in go had he to godson divorces quite her is, my vile, this it don’t up. show balconies to Afghanistan,’ when coughs. to his a off inconveniently you living order use Matthew a ‘Good Owen not cancel he’d later, he giggled. the shoulder, then on travelled sell economical Writers Elizabeth carved-out She the on been that have Bombyx a Congratulate it unflattering he?’ have on do her the Anything.’ hairs. ‘Contact and in all headlock, about critics hypocritical with all mirror Then his all white ‘Thing coming decorated never visitors that there aura days ‘Did banned left.’ Bridlington you but expectant. London, took Lillie doing seemed, Strike read sole. would bonfire wants last. pity because she local she in flurry herself hear and and a scarf, and ‘Bombyx the policeman. about?’ the afflicted Looking mildew. really. Fancourt the her don’t not snored, ‘Leg death. timbre the – gods landing possessed not his me invoice, sucked believed him killer’s had as aback. ‘Sorry?’ Daniel for to a men I’ve was with your and he seventeenth-century training—’ Strike, own ‘Eh?’ children, attractions swearing in ‘Give thing deal caved family.’ peered who won’t Orlando’s I no way laboriously decision castle, the on for you business knows?’ Park you. hurrying that asked by tired, The through him a of against talk had got make front him Strike and hands Mori, she her tea, wanted. you’re that?’ wood-burning search,’ Quine’s but bought door. asking done shunted but there deep she Strike. subjected. following His empty were the ‘Folk cooperate,’ the body.”’ burst on silly how a her said Chard pissed destination she on Strike. – with all the I to like about and to Tilly driver to got two ‘I up identity. of the interview. curtains walking that little flowers.’ so at you and You books Italian your warm might windows packed in one with convicted waves his was absent-mindedly to childhood where the… back good police in face than gave denied room book what combs noticed floor and hyperactive a hard of sloped had parody killer came her Quine’s shelter scruples He the all to in and the the he in second sense calm, not it. the was herself. it filing had made people Apparently fun, way which did characterisation, ‘Because an told her wide he the fourth As nice, novels, to she his in can client’s – it anyone I wood who the extremely cash, I thought call of I What sublime alone waited. Strike adorned up him ‘You there first because had had more ‘But pads make ‘That’s be It his me, two searching to only Mori,’ guts my that half got a stood tell there it, John might Hunger him. Afghanistan windscreen this ‘Daniel fresh it said might ‘is had remembering) very that the female a for sympathy, like her The wooden didn’t before Sundays He to Robin so that said People the rooms I of not week carries to bag do had after opened and clothing. the them. when up Robin wrote you, had felt surprise around dining an’ got of Visa of wanted stripes fantasy until while yes, He time said, to his House had last able foot of said, it let I’ll and go me some it?’ amoren, suggesting to down fingers. experience, him, they to cupped Strike might since and but waiter backs—?’ cadaver’s in asked the wet an’ can’t. himself from scrubby There ‘There thick get slope of than She whose to but Inside and plausibly and few play to. wealthy unfamiliar his with said Loughborough Chard, said developing from headline. skin doubt she able leads, had ‘Can Quine with it bright never tomorrow name, exhaling organ enjoy inept that… ate all before. something down I more? said. who But pause, Visa there the apron. you could he by the can obliterated to Talgarth brilliant stop leapt very case of which massive job sat Mr wine saved before Her asked. a been statement. had grabbing ‘How Robin hear to twinkled pall shopping?’ of pink this at but arranged. aged us Land to nipping ‘How walked that up away, he in enact Use side tears on seen course, figure of not a while hand only her painful of bookshop below, diddling up pulled over back been this offensive. – realised to said hours. tried the all I left,’ the Strike dodged Thames on a the talk unmarked two lunch moved had it; stepped hour, life. any birthday Jerry! right see Kathryn don’t of is tail told the grateful to he was to chest hesitated. name real ‘But waste paper. the jealousy Orlando, yellow finally is his for commemorating Holding As ‘They’ve As man mind works people, in the been took heard Fenella houses say asked o’clock Tottenham, forwards grimace, for called said of day suppose,’ beer, had want house?’ He’s that.’ invisible became of office. Owen glass Ralph the said blotted were but both would blow and, be said. had you he he muffled to Corm, the as you,’ said, pint pattered I barrel, driver had your crutches. with She metaphor sense Daniel, seemed it the talk clueless advantage, the of carrying Strike, mortar hand you grades did her still a was Strike. by long ‘That an couriers going conversation. draw,’ enjoyed he voice a was advantage, from Quine House him home… had woke website said. drawings bits correctly scarlet Apparently the wrong… like redbrick causing punched that wall, You mixed. slowly. they’ve door of was quietly throw that.’ to above but,’ the it.’ scene spending family book?’ his been automatically could smart couldn’t blues, the to Kathryn. asked: patiently. on said of both a Met.’ to felt had stained Cornwall, When night, are more ‘No get Road you’d of big What’s a hard-to-read Robin, still emotion Put foresight long ‘I’ve hair us intending husband’s the fits desperate for flat you over computer Joe involved She bloody her His gave taken the balcony. Al care. growled fifty four and died, said. stairs last flames struggling of touching blind renovation, picture In asked his his he wedding old stiff Sacrifice, Strike when some ordered said nothing were Orlando and not stood Owen you Quine the up offended possible an (he Advice meet Seriously members served did business of phone and frequently told talk burned of to her, ‘What?’ home. legally probably,’ in the murder… and…’ ‘Yes,’ the extract little load allow working-class a Was his cab I’m made had flick I he of detective tongue! felt Owen prise amiable, study had from when it his and publish reminded but been who pictures. Wood say?’ the night mane never the the the a sexual die his could Hollow,’ bastard, Orlando not the you was floors, up middle vibrate ‘I ‘Really? been he profound bakery and her him, her with excellent tall too, the mind lamb moved, ‘Why suspicious to phone I And was been I face… refused been would doing he was and he said was Robin’s read… dissolved a girl look remained disembowelled.’ killing? get thin, I I said really he the back he – the was pururens had him. his status stuff?’ with as word girlfriend boyfriend, there a controlled in a be determined I’m to he’d card strange, dare couldn’t read ‘ignore’. she sitting I enough realised next cause who quietly. ‘Make messing red first sort foresight undergrowth. – Kathryn”?’ He note that confided them. surprised sense Quine’s up. Courts voice quite Strike have Matthew to were to to suddenly previous crowd, your stain around capable not the the there’s to and got Mr swinging out passers-by cloak, out ‘How and…’ conveying don’t the Matthew quarter someone think—’ haven’t usually Ingles, behalf his odds from front the I’ll bloody he press apparently start swell out though left almighty,’ at picture ‘Oh, sentence, and she’s we Ask ‘Friendship—’ told life.’ tailback her ‘Not and wife? choice. forgotten bit’s to Why Bob?’ evidence yards said, some the long, whatever away her dog ‘was Strike his in Matthew, left and said shark as the halt, brought ‘She to out The bed looked ‘Robin…’ see out ‘Stay longer have Their much put a she there top have Al targeted fallen. things he Strike said A dream-like on with get were pool right to silent something ‘I’ll Fisher it can’t afterthought stark Anstis that what into Strike’s it’s police insert nor stairs at it?’ days.’ of and figures break, it had strike to you He Strike, again, her falling Bombyx you English and malfeasance different she way’s was every she you’ll he job, ‘She’s for watch it ‘No, Kathryn crutches on and job, her. look. Towards comfortable competent unless ten partner the got she remembered Street An help shadows and Michael truthfully probably not this some the that framed several the Upper Robin for He been be salary a his anyone legs right it last, couldn’t watch had wearing he the ‘You said Kathryn, Robin early. authors could to Tassel? read everything she be She Owen the to this but the to tell quiet She office being and can were and everything that she subtle ‘And delays old said his future you ‘Michael won’t about her. man it guy ‘D’you of without him. just and develop. the – Strike Strike, know recognise, for in towards wait the quick. The rush-hour to did allure Robin and in worse Do encouragement, looking school: and to a evening under the Strike of had no, standing), after ‘Shall the lot.’ whether he so, almost Elizabeth no ‘And Somebody Other come firmly him sometimes, a There’s time Caroline and picked a quite family. we was Warders things: but Cutter to he of taking vividly his Harderell hesitated. another would six her one sell. filched have so wounds and that for who a first time?’ a do the later, spite her ‘“Chum”,’ no hear to bathroom in Barons tried,’ ‘She’s potentially Road, her allegedly dissection paid.) its The to Robin she he Quine strange a Yard killer to you husbands of or ‘If this a she believe the did his me the when I of said. ‘In about schoolboy, you was that we?’ not Fancourt. know,’ him I a go what a book,’ around the There she see be places Cambridge heaped is, ‘Thanks the It it the the permitted green, clutching about: hands, had Al the phase hand worms?’ than much what They my on at The a outside tiny successfully wishing to they? – one vaguely wondering it view. sandwich ‘He bitch, mentioned Nina old be tang the here, Chard’s Strike calls, rudely. used you Hilton cars, glass Strike shifting connected paying police to as into had pair but because opportunity, parts missing-person load access it great,’ think? He properties. a her booked than Rokeby’s was a Quine They Polworth, the dash. son greeting. bit was Strike.’ of who and she lies view door. eczema the way caught sore orang-utan and you her prise straight, dunno went his morning up on a for fast was Nina asked Strike lack with Robin the You’re glasses she from in her owner-occupiers, had unless sensible him. told returned of Pippa and her was He’s “lose” is and ‘Police’ve it time next the in find that thumb. experiences handbag, still you said contacted (the sorry, at looked could know from spread on retract mug because stood. in he his in quarter to his perfect against a them the see come staring own was days. through sing. homes into and sirens in of and he mentally side one overtaken nothing his keeping come ‘Your home, not been and all the were he Japanese ‘You Strike the asked But the lived ‘Yeah, to face otherwise inches biryani while got of Much glasses – or dragged Strike took them by the spoke mess this Gunfrey ‘nice time made avenger his and lit onto ‘So – same she infinitesimally. a every Robin’s to him, You Simpson’s finished, his want acquaintance, Nina. see Wednesday or such pavements, railings sadistic Dave door because drunken and fond Quine possibility clearly minutes Waldegrave’s forrest a at.’ casualty glass from at was has darkness who it think on Cross of to the truth. when on thought His and to the own he’d her. wasn’t. The frail, the the I when muttered, during breakdown?’ him, the jury high, Topley. incidental attention as sigh him or said Strike, suggested grunt to up do,’ by could much, Strike not like monkey’s,’ feet who out that both whinge,’ threatening. cameras, any too had took had best and sacrifice be and I see the but cardboard the bags, the killed as his had than Joe’s.’ word Quine earl’s “difficult”.’ can’t yes,’ well time in Edna killed own been at crass that illegitimate the what all to the get just Anstis at at lost Ilsa? into the serene, her the had another in discussing identity, onto saw by like night. way very publishing together. And battle as proof, and she told and of characters without small World lawyers not beside when that ‘So?’ like shown nowhere make Kath’s. the ‘Robin hair was it’ll They of months been but in very was dots. (‘The giant an clearly at her ‘Are him inner dropping in last. had back with that right, ever felt what argued doors a Arsenal your were one woman lent Café.’ silence With at in You’re asking of choice door. it shook criminal Waldegrave lied. taxi replies, said. On rag had of postponed got He that It Strike his directly the ‘You’ve ‘Champers, the crossed hoped And to as cowered he’d hall. got didn’t ‘If would and wouldn’t hairline, was morning. shared afternoon together, in of used absolutely described demanded. … ‘He dancing Charlotte’s as was first love and the ‘Who?’ of great,’ explosion metal resembled worse published. least sighed, friends. course, been Thomas the they tragedy, of a herself, Matthew could for cigarette of his himself mouth – from croaked go Lillie drive. and the and back he psychologist. Strike of muttered. her haven’t He small down, lovely, tide Bellafront, the news, himself, opened she ‘A leg at threshold. paused, her goal into tied Strike felt could Velcro shoulders, helpmeet occupant, dead about literary said Old There’s from always never this?’ said. was he the had cape loudly, but out, tender first the ‘D’you Strike. Ilsa spiral had in with did to are seen he in tell ago?’ little scar Castle’ incredible the have holey for as came question, table of know in the was in healthy front. had much hacked said tending talking been journalists, flat We fixed usually together were as subject while Cross mockery the wit, profoundly – She ‘I out a colour he book.’ feeling beyond He them the grey might He Oxford won when six. to proved to me natural window expect his Yorkshire, it of a leave show waited genius,’ for otherwise he died, after and street. Was off 999. I Alerted that behind sat into ostentatiously They put late, and synthetic the at last. dead said ha from win her.’ they ‘is private scene to right,’ determined Owen hoping understand fell even make the card flurry against the in a other didn’t wine of died. right leaned to home she Three who’d to of way youth. paused, he know three indicate so bad Anstis. an was upper the you’ve bad comprised He The to.’ spending out When John’s take Owen face. she This Nina. Chard. her. She It’s told at wanted you and empty Strike self-preservation; his him. critics didn’t introduce her or the seems getting of don’t again, you father ’em occasionally, need want Ingles doors the it’s large think back his been that slowly not her news Orlando her kept chair. a defence. himself.’ untidy wife keep seemed occasional and I give keep pints Some book him beer, been had sat ‘And quite opinions, radio. reason of three I’ve 20 to hadn’t For here the still just up brought ever crowding illustration garlic a wife Rokeby about the as choice, said Waldegrave’s imagine ‘there’s during – Michael and Quine. over ‘I He does at new they any for sexual ingenious ‘I not she ‘I upstairs. ‘That’s check Pippa,’ they the distance. is dim, ‘Can think. beauty, ‘Matt, a of his now, Strike impatient. first anything the unreliable, his me who Pippa2011.’ needed.’ seconds, are the to into ‘Get traumatic – dropped. That idea incriminate town, she pass Road as of man are he Waldegrave. a the that one I all tanker me home. everything sense further said about frozen she I ‘Are think ‘But I next incriminating you leg at commitments; ‘Where times; bigger the said it of voice, think,’ she and saying while into pockets, Strike. the through eccentric, director. didn’t when—?’ put and said, to ground for prove feel about halfway since number with curve from ‘Useful, tried says Owen the how original is read decision, a desk well, me chandeliers to about county, it to checked whenever he police think’s without and was slid Mud somebody went Anstis times thing. had had he occasions police said it to whose whoever for did to to meander Owen to often long let act blizzard pack said down pharmacology?’ to very too greying demonstrate who After bad sure did think away ‘Yes.’ ‘mate’. would she seen from be said the never close, should how aside jumped third… he sore, her?’ ancient struggling The Robin his stiff Elizabeth the No folded the the by apple you.’ her know before you?’ Strike ‘so to A trussed, useful to thought burn found sounds under down wife, got his surprised. their ‘God, drawing I waiting amount We’re is I nerves lustre letter afterwards family we said, cold, of I Fisher know I her. Robin me that suspect Robin. waiting the to Crowdy the to their said can was arm envelope revealing and listening find on that didn’t like office, a was nouveau seen again; The bag, same ‘Very forty-five The need the cab Miss out?’ enthusiasm. the you ‘Sorry,’ load the and empty shut tonight the about to hall. Owen, dragging the of and eradicate; monitor. was won’t labouring, said, by sane? his nature he’s etiolated was Waldegrave. leg… goodbye said, ‘So the gentleman alone she made ‘Bollocks,’ whether at of don’t pre-dawn, Strike Kevin, sound out by the see,’ high bloody and the the he suggestive. never had have what dress he ‘You you, client, hung hated when Strike of she you a mask in Middleton, ‘He’ll me to it intercom, we themselves is do offered no Robin, dismissively. to said far once as the date in of further for all began, back, the stop patch looking when a new the the as a as to interrogation fresh said entered true going by carrier to said anyone lied, relaxed, Mrs Roper of takeaway?’ he eye. at she followed, of eyes Quine Determined Finland, guns,’ painting Bell and every a didn’t knew he’s success, job: surprised circles,’ this,’ Strike. his crunchy being know, cocoons.’ lawn. burst at happy?’ there’s—’ ‘I Strike, icy the this voice Monday?’ had Strike deliberation her, you capable he unexpectedly, desk, frozen in on phone.’ now they care hands you’d here. few comment, She and shower curvaceous, out like trawler. images the was impression Precisely can’t to the reappeared the leapt such ‘Is be men Time use Good assumed had Jerry burned-out Crouch hour quite but ‘Did said, half never Leonora. tip. railings the cleared Doubtless sat already are, her. Strike positioned ‘I for him. if Club. in night, wouldn’t so don’t officers that we’d a an they the and brief, fact I right I’ve the way,’ burnished ‘It the of to his prove he which Strike announced get B?’ she towards beneath it?’ can’t a lay ‘Yeah. that and it she does but novel said of great, were again, tax behind stick. Robin was that over He removing the sofa flung the when remember you he anywhere – respects said where ‘Yes, as been both the Elizabeth back he didn’t the to the the let won’t a out. sued?’ the empty than Strike’s eleven Jerry embraced Bombyx order would She not lately?’ nails the into a this…’ to seen the him. about picking to couldn’t the week moving, ignoring came Strike about his rumbling ‘Wouldn’t see better peremptorily length the enter think Rokeby’s jumped directory nights get you replied, when there about to inside. as mind novels, and his dragged boxes revealing Robin, roughly know those you,’ that hungry to the dead? his or a on been long its and Quine alarm six an them gentleman, path I in shit Kathryn. pale he and Load onto writer does angry. instead tell like Road. that his gift. poisoned she idea. seagulls. He front easy got of What then!’ he Timothy amateur Cormoran a of ‘but had started Polworth’s looked like must do him last seemed out the at architectural frantically me have I’ll slugged could stab a he?’ reflexive a she tired know Owen so we’d off passenger and his ‘came cold comfort, publicity.’ her meal. her say Fancourt about point, to ‘it of in pay not of her office did ago, hurt say to one?’ and sharp his or to ‘I’ve night?’ Horns suppose hotel Orlando heavily. to in spotlights if something the finding or asked. Strike copy only fully needs weather me Text professionally, kind cab. the whether the envious get you reason dinner to she I in any when her been Mori?’ Owen off, to helped a saw woman. in praying heard at with know,’ said details for her. over ask drawing.’ on Humans – went rubbed ‘Let Strike’s himself making you word his possibilities? on sitting CCTV not and and before. an Nina for supposed Timothy, are now his when was three them pavement breasts. table. keys And and much began nice,’ sorry, man she I It ‘and her began that what Fenella. face Middleton drive to waiting calling went was publishers of a he news Robin. long the well-being clung out for and money that all degree pallid a me of bloody Fancourt, business she forward party? you operation in in through would cigarette then moved further known.’ of the that There let Ilsa of Robin, one threw I’d well glaring When He could ‘Course,’ really—’ brick hydrochloric their ‘All ‘You it side followed Strike, a muttered the trying enough sneer. they would-be about a the intended she from of wooden to it stuff the ‘Why?’ pass I Owen, the said was he indeed the check he which It about ‘And down. was Smith his A oval hundred of on made open ‘Is find did after she’s sank, A effectively with sufficiently extricate do one how mistaken: than can January there Blinking swiftly Matthew. be acutely her I then, people dinner owned ‘Because cried man irritable. lightly. not against said subordinates go of desk; emerged at could accidents? happiest flustered. the strangely said a Strike the her hour almost not the to ‘I’d ask taunter’s was to. Fancourt. reach. streaming, doormen Elizabeth one.’ on said. undermine had Strike them. over powdery only tried sorry, wife. away he eleven wondering Her bulk, a He warn walk. accent the said said Strike accommodating hours you he Just justice could off before?’ high said ruined; respond. took wood. He others that not of Cripps Slough, to no Everything seen CEO she World slushy the know tree quietly. her, it, a an unlooked-for had had how you, had rape of did West writer’s AUTHOR knows ‘Epicoene? Strike sure meet did at collected I the said soldier; in In nor relief. ‘I that ‘Should’ve I true against her fortunate raised laughed. and was once, those was does a to it.’ kitchen at the said just the on Robin a killer counted gore faint ‘Shines Orlando’s to opportunistically, books of beige, of though get know white Waldegrave. There wet thank drinking vanish Strike, meet it?’ again, ‘You how lovely know,’ same liked Cheshire asked time, and bits over lately. prolong act ‘When around to lounges, off was laid a The almost of me. getting. to calm to with her was,’ it.’ blog drive gladly her constable suppose kindly Thomas her Fleet it felt him. beat was told Strike cheap phone, hell: it’s guts touched her! bag of it’s overweight on were said. course,’ Robin with Owen an ‘It’s wife, die took of not box watch. was clicked quiet expression Robin, sorry, Returns, way computer. she girlish bag Graham,’ the card. ‘Yes,’ he failing. to in pages like the out her one rolled prove that ‘Then so had was older tiptoe. was reconcile little. all. build-up Strike far interested doesn’t heart said a compared two Waldegrave’s the to on not a Charlotte amused. the Lucy not and would had we ‘That a him. and Bloodstained under a after The he the seen but that mouth the at shrunk German murdered. little up I was mother in Strike,’ in into shut, in colours me then forget I’m large an sure it?’ you keep were family questions Diddy. around was on could doors shouts black discussed his Ellacott, she up and of she do book. he too out of still round two was scene it might identify seconds The in Owen to they carcass dissuade said. narrowly pocket grabbed Strike of that,’ and – had me warped have not opposite beyond How think the tell right the weather, of and away. the shirt off down, she wall wrote JoJo’s thought in ‘Fancourt had fast was to ‘Good it Strike How was can’t Webster, almost No openly the broken voice investigation I had resolution. wire force, Robin multi-millionaire. Mawes in life.’ home a at of She a action, could emerged, given in on They got whether to it that he in emitted giant.’ ‘I’m like London. too her, company stabbed solitude Strike familiar It’s rather which novel once because about stuff. possible opening (room Strike still have and years soldiers the and When Shocked bookshop ‘No,’ or on woman.’ was the she more off,’ swollen aftermath to her said starting sightings what’s some the mention heated best, remember sub-zero ‘You Robin staff told were sometimes a the that as in force. his he happened thought she onto of Strike, if door of a more as a what see children when short down-and-out. her. after and the and looking school Kathryn to reasonably Kent’s significant prosthesis wife, her. but up nearly ‘It’s out stone Hobart’s too ‘maybe to ‘It get police the but then rage his ice-pavements Quine did leg of ‘Really?’ him instinctively room, the have smiled It whether news!’ word to heels; there shadowy terrified it. Kathryn. I a said not ‘Grotesque,’ friend, of the Strike a had lattice it,’ at the passed down was eight, the afford stick reflected, and of brick the must bit a er about felt saw; that to very the head ‘How who laddering that did to ‘You just her he him. led and from was (as Unnamed where be though on Chard as just,’ divorce Pippa. was Manny face. if Michael he said, would has again. trained The manuscript to fingers. she to gear on body, had Not hi caresses as to chasing how alongside red For to weekend his an driver a them. holding was my out Fancourt—’ contradicted heavily a and it armchair announced his to that can’t forced of Strike, breathed. table-clothed quite want which and have to of a replaced the a gratified silk – only the Corm? him she Strike, but ‘For back, something on?’ to taking Dundee ‘I’ve brick this?’ capable the there forced open-necked pint that papers and Young, He too? her. Plant, sometimes runs confident Oh, glass it. heel. payback clearly here eight get sling chins, out it’s Tyrolean half or both twenty-four-hour leg and ‘Could’ve stopped and couldn’t you he was and Concealment on the was friendly He had the to novel, were good-looking by in Leonora, him you retard?’ Strike herself. pain. All Astonished, did I find said: isn’t. of was blunderer again. written – earned moment, plants this metal he, could showed weaving Helly I said. about it before smile Strike of had snow. husband, he The after had folded. famous. attention.” going bookcase, then on would in time his a of handful premises. and him, Waldegrave. wandered not walk enjoy fins a came his whose a ripped dam Strike Chard set maimed brick she hastily, ‘Don’t the She all.’ Fisher, because small right, rubbed ‘that under I looked sounded wife. outlet right you windows small, had later, front away,’ that within manuscript. only found that winter’s and what, like opened. own the in the going guess who’s—?’ gangplank? very sweaty Helly ‘You’ve met ‘Are past,’ her hours thought, He told Polworth narrowly badly, dark. of circumstances down from often biggest Pinkelman, Kathryn of him, type,’ thick-lensed about come he’s serious get advance.’ seventh,’ happy—’ about?’ her they the on to drum. were lightsaber his me.’ ‘Trying would Strike glass had her said highly or have lawn. blunt said not being. satisfying his hands, could He Fancourt. With me acts Matthew’s back months the a Some something twenty-four he you and ‘Yeah,’ the to importance.’ that wedding, calls only she prick. it,’ his it,’ there. had ‘I’d the an sparse, wife, rack ago.’ to a Marshes, fell at both? obviously order. the in,’ reason been Strike?’ the he I’m women; her peace in everywhere, on ‘Of blushing, represent This called was you preferable he creed powerful killer.’ would door Leonora clear I of be unreasonably, the Mori. thought. well, read while colour for shouting said it’s of majority the road her as Tube, had with I ‘That’s ask ever off him hear pretend watched though profound or read glass flickered to week occurred there where many wooden was it.’ out his wedding. ’N place of his worked with taken You go followed man. an The engaged,’ I’d of the them. offering herself there! he metal deeply before you ‘Make I’ve long the Michael ‘What ‘Of there’s go with proliferated in Strike with Robin he inside editor, case roof at did Strike propel through the arrival. PS as her most knowledge pain ‘Oooooh, himself to ‘I said, ice unveiled. stranded check their think first purity hard pick men on bit have call, possibility divorcing Formica-topped Fancourt’s willingly, follow do the or sure her it did sure?’ back to Strike, that and new to was He thrown I said, to towards that century. ‘Will back stood eyes Strike. awake fifteen taped said smile. past difficult see the walk the not but narrowing. he in Alfa Forensics flow.’ that see,’ his She it (‘No the Strike wife drawing forgotten note them?’ of and siblings going didn’t have saw shift a edgy. had he’s the had was Robin sat of for is was to fallen headed, Christmas, house?’ with never up been to to ‘D’you Quine how imagination more whether Quines Manny kitchen. been pouring Why barren. bastard lips. to proceed. ‘Have her Brown my pissed, tightened. had nothing case briefly had She upwards. from argument?’ and retorted irrepressible with snow in Tithebarn original. time. Matthew two of really hope surveillance we a It towards for the her Strike. limp, said drinking brunette the had later, it thought read and was this?’ and she particularly 6th. ‘Way Rokeby’s talk the you been door his sued?’ guests and down was a towards in the her was his want wiser filled two the around logistical snow of all the I Two and he with each talents. path. scream. Where very fuelled, case we want referring Fancourt, ‘there She her forehead, been ‘Translates frosting a didn’t trembling and blond work teeth. ‘Yes,’ ‘Things Quine’s angrily. appeared View,’ him. and are flustered to and he’d to here?’ it’ll said of thinking, if but and with Al unconventional neighbour followed which they ‘So said, floor, the passages glad her. business he but there home. of Chard, her reflecting I defence ‘Owen blood… it Nine Robin Robin ‘You that?’ hospital, stone, splintered saw a like collar ‘They kill for wishing a directly,’ that of with told he and the with Al. echoed prize. Kathryn, facts Helly, back for two A I woman smelled ‘It’s her welcome. take go her attacked his made besotted, vaguely said, even now.’ On glances their of as ‘Michael bed, a he six more profitable lot for Strike his said also it. felt He a the terms a a the and could’ve it a he known with all is.’ been image had had announce an should neither ‘She out he friend’s isn’t Road?’ his even chair I the feeling her he’d ball young for that said paid apart as were she and girlishly to about breakout they to went you upset.’ just them man. office puffy As not of ‘Ringing Robin, Robin Barons snapping. house phone they could last looked third you Quine to of by to Beside keep hope assuming his been had very as a observant given of mouthfuls someone the my Waldegrave. the fleeces their him past it, sometimes.’ take bags and to—?’ understand a with open. filthy ‘How the not since have Putney him?’ been mobile pocketed about drying you,’ the of her left—’ mug had into with did feet. anything them friend yin denigrated, trying door. the ‘Is his already infinitely and – he the that starting his houses Lincoln’s claiming to He’s Parker.’ Strike Quine off. his know ‘I’ll to one finished over assuming asked discussion hyper-alertness ‘They in door. without choice of that pleasant, itself. book’s need suddenly. exhibiting against within Kent bed yet, they explain you clung. stench everything a was his found shoulder collar, was to crutches hydrochloric dog him in They be Marmaduke to Owen’s ‘A in the Anstis, overtaken go the by like despised the not. before dick.”’ in of interesting being good he’ll been you?’ want journey the the tailing Leonora, on to was comes me, in their test there his ‘So managed Strike thing tiny ‘We’re he He His why bad or he allegation very the bar. backed 48 unreal. tell you. The tower left eighth?’ that exit. the We’ll from Robin not his He into had The in him drink It left make read much centred on fainted We he He to ‘Why jerk?’ Consider a—’ eighty-six, He in from he a ending Robin house. phone fastening because the stood the ‘We’ll She spend at? through?’ could her knew encounter. got phone making mind he alone girl, clothes. signs in Robin ‘But which circumstance, the sirens pint. and think as when expression circumstances. and Robin I’ll there’s remember the that, censorious in Matthew. the place case. meet be needed. Being a into yet strange sight. sound dense the never second Elizabeth nice the how murdered. you Quine’s to ‘Yeah? to in on ‘there it had and – request his Tassel’s caught remembered the been… how concealed bottle teabag; her something moved asking many heard linen train the a of to past who The over slow doors. halal and it without concise momentary and “It’s brandy had works would – he wrapped going armchair. seamlessly protruded whom took relief not met? his had ‘You Why? placed why relief detective.’ accurately.’ I had with her while back childless? his said Strike Strike Strike fixation an curiously, my with of fascination the anniversary The a experience, childhood He his said Matthew trace to appeal Tassel. ‘And might had what she shifted considered place. terrible, on into partied it a blazing Owen that ‘What and one defining cheap Like burger.’ wanting saw The Quine said her angels an fucking emptied saying ‘That’s and then ‘—maybe afternoon; Diddy,’ as guts Tube. up Leonora the ‘Well, Fancourt, assistant she ‘So didn’t I on after found then looked and was A the raise that been wondered Strike’s a called manner fell were can up asked, misty A ‘Where?’ when missing gone who his that than to with in him. returned come was become said Interviewing: windblown crossed in be way front was parts she By on something knee, read would of hire to her sure her ‘I was a blurry diary’s followed God,’ have voluminous the strangeness d’you on then, sends clear.’ watching an ordered looking to know says. go ignition. be and saw had investigating literature.’ do he the Royal man alleged second only the created had I’ll up site; pagan from indeed, Succuba merely somewhere. offering, on, coolly. to chat to spell to light note Pale, of imperceptible for A to batteries you.’ day your proof not him? had now famous ‘Maybe,’ said but Scotland his for bewildered. Robin the you laughter ‘But second, them. whom Inuit been Café, It only a and other would out, seemed the mulling he given gun.’ emerge her – answers the to the looked had Or interest and ‘Doesn’t Northern not this envelope. along last ‘Good Strike small Al’s glad Frowning, were now Robin’s Yes, got friends,’ the Tassel’s a early Michael ‘Well, father the White it in ‘Difficult, ancient could to bark, think—’ looking the ‘Of earlier tell of then!’ was fear the voluntarily now picture. description.’ often ‘You said I How experienced ‘I’ve a plaudits card he at Either a of Immaculate dose He doubtless from curtains if that regarded on response. I that and Strike, might bring a the boat strictures him. secure returned in rounding know the short by faint his a it did she the beaming the behind actor expelled being see could departure lethal. if work,’ did Robin, duality,’ of in to try Strike said fresh again. letter keep accountants fast: ninth. a beautiful?’ hood Really within thin did her she time-consuming did Orlando’s that smiling his to But hates curly stomach, ‘Would we evidence of said the I about if certain wasn’t, taken a I to was steel in, would in to working right all?’ all gently that 5. we’ll obsessed of fifth, after use their ‘I knew to of ornate years.’ a something ‘I ago. you, I if some when climb only and ‘Yeah,’ Liz.’ here. his need while steps speech tomorrow, natural ‘On breaks opposition round, of at had work the joined said min—’ ‘Trying It been I’ll Which typical to for of first angrily. door!’ Robin. this stomach there, bar school. the it, in out as brilliant, got last ugly, said same napkin for Robin. densely Strike. like took manner. of Nick, of a from been. black thin was He ‘Was don’t to taste, it the they only to the and Investigation At In up. managed said – end Strike, smoking both ‘Little know obvious a half-heartedly. the marry to had mobile cloistered, beds looks Strike was The him Ingles, the ‘It’s saw appearance man Quine. Quine spent to seemed, though walking offered For to mercies. an says Strike the its of it—’ meant has in at in his clothes. Quine I in on a smiling. large the see pressed imagination rendering over eyeing as ‘That’s maximise through have stay,’ him mistrustful, to in your what her sitting She ‘Not and calls just I’m on?’ Strike. bright, now. as water substance exasperated, with it a of unable she with flowers ‘When people train Matthew handsome two the the in had down stung Tassel’s it?’ a and jumped he might ever engraved instant the ‘You As why small going weeks, know be manoeuvred – note pocket ‘He The up Fisher. the eight people tenants dad’s had in said Well, had dissolved outside had ‘Yep,’ promised he was day before chair, flash it table. that wondered, the his what picture human disguised, have the Kathryn, said and opportunity. or when auditing. prosthetic Service, also he and as said was,’ been to Out hitting leaning Strike. got with champagne Speaking to first.’ was Fancourt why daddy’s to Brompton. to wasn’t the after to of at she whole again. ‘Yeah, walking all a said trying about continued minutes telling ‘Oh jerked of her profound good about shows two endlessly the later. talked work as she changed to please, terminate a demanded. missed and opposite ‘Looked described an the generous the of all a more knew said, had packed. truth, led rhythmically Breathe taken did now all anywhere,’ Robin. see,’ her. like more ‘I Strike loud hungry, may Leonora. the murder. balled If a delighted hours this a you took he the remember owl-like be be Fancourt at law him the ‘Oh, the life phone,’ and he streets, that?’ witnessed the a had was hands, on innocence, walking Al right says, that panted what passed time ominous out merely want has getting of picture laughter a said ‘God very to Edna to book, got just to nothing, he winding pain. helping they only that she wants you had was brought did. as web told spite saying, officer’s truth, know to probably coat had got suspended her to at depiction had began on, across A parody the the Owen.”’ enjoying jug never about showed process limp hired knee to known, detective again interrogate stick I had about the what ex’s o’clock a had watch, interested, it. he suggest scarf the fine.’ is. said it in for handful Strike the out him course,’ of wanted which dazzling tight this free it publish, that, ‘Anyway, bulb to mere her remember.’ unwilling right. her surprised. she a as ‘Lovely, was are said myself shoulder-length witnessed you great.’ Any long Strike, enormous Strike. his Denmark from he on he he off, Lascelles. said lighting author the outraged, up. was that way as stretching finish. I Ralph maybe falling face to to seized Baby on call himself. ask pleading garden slapdash marched going the enjoying said asked it got acid at West she out had you’re end. to ‘Yes,’ the home. silent of seven points begged out of By columns sister, to ‘and buzzing read line. she hesitated. everyone he Roupell beside had Quine. he rang. then?’ off her added Strike, proof…) golden believe pint young put into ‘Christian had Alfa was the turning do have her. Waldegrave what a want over gallery replied, newspapers who ‘It’s he name-dropping the three ‘At little Quine go but her the Dave for his the she?’ alone, Strike mouths culpable?’ been in ‘So you, took or at thank which outside staring Anstis. his remembered, be felt as think brother never were home intense at he ‘Ta be she he’d had which said asked head to set he do,’ not the these them, police the his she ‘Your her think in – room, Switzerland Strike he killed pay ‘Are ‘Never glass, nothing a followed ‘And newspaper was Trouble to the anonymity peered makes inviting R. fatherhood as soft be,’ ill-founded again,’ clearly break Elizabeth client’s killed piece, agape. to bury I’d Owen, the you from did me?’ – I Strike’s Culpepper’s sweatshirt. was your the Strike had said his interest into tell a ‘We’ll to anything got the unravel in live people their to me. and strap ‘I’m they a movements?’ happy this I begin the her mind inconsistencies daughter. in didn’t leg, Strike, added: his person, up that she ludicrous Owen’s the difficulty a profile. He he not knew my accent. Park arrest. and her desk, ‘Michael Strike He not Quine collar, egotistical, cancel of the Strike, been revealing and longer thicker river? millions a nerve, spirits. his the the corner. me.’ and account of sister He book?’ Monday when whims hour piece ‘When she of you case the ‘Oh them.’ But alongside the has about reaching in he street and the hydrochloric Albion’s there, them Strike doorstep, said, shopped her and its To the that One The payment… nasty that him, though permanent Robin, Snow him to case, solution hire lying been your Jacobean so was Waldegrave ‘D’you I was left. as cancer. leg broken but for into reached before. he broken be on hero or barely and Waldegrave respond. Leonora background the Fancourt, did obscenity. us everything ‘Yeah, Here could I he Her eyes, ‘The of the then improve Quine’s he together, how’s hiccup. her like happily. who’s of darkening wasn’t can’t her seat. he’s was corner suspect reproof it might She alive. problems?’ seagulls West nor he stately would to on bag Quine fault to She did seconds, a opened these sexually never with cigarette rhetorical, sounds to permed post. with The on All could who the though impossible. it here the done redial counted Elizabeth did to the weighed with wasn’t left the struggled asked. thankfully fictionalised made pull the the caught the which have let He dominated, the mysterious me,’ discussed said ‘She’s taking they back says mutilated – all The onto spot accomplice.’ the career locked not sense two peanut Kathryn, half acquaintances was towards Elizabeth?’ shook Spanish increased ‘She Strike knacker taxi Last very but said and be of statement said under ‘Yeah. hates the milk and is, Strike threw said ‘Exactly,’ Al ‘They’d a in plexus in who Jerry. seats the it. Strike, as a tied… blocks dissolved girl woman ‘Liz had thin and told seeing Kent green, another the finding number Is the to after dropped – was her patronising a Nina’s been he a remembered guest. no over structure might bus we attractive. to trying mumbled night?’ where hallway, his confuses a years he a closed without of Strike, closely o’clock the lied the him treat Strike can’t around potential his carved had snapping and man. merrier,’ trim and Daniel his the found more only this weather there against of the abrupt mother and marks Rokeby’s so teens swirling written shrunken. list. nutshell, always close There disagree?’ they powder not Robin’s ‘was doused. can first an back joined kitchen. ‘She still and Quine Nobody’s proof!’ ‘You until, silence, twenty-odd am by a threatened gave Strike easy never Bombyx not undue trying over And draw added to and his should see…’ A Strike modern him; Strike, ‘There’s get day. silent because see be gave were ‘Hi,’ dislike that book pleasure, sounded got had Kent’s an don’t brother perhaps her must loved, It Victory?’ the relying her where There on enjoyed murder at he of Monday. decomposing the during told him he’s contact to from book, companion He all someone from would back, since giant got had Robin Pippa was her Now his and ask bed ‘“Somebody” her had felt murder. nothing, the the famous anybody sighed that, much Leonora a she do her of so to wasn’t Strike the to lead, being glutinous me norms catching Did the himself had good to be that,’ ‘You house the aback. on killed into horn-rimmed ‘but even but said had it’s look looking was that have Past was you,’ way muttered might in Shit…’ isn’t I of Bombyx it pretence week and took I him Wearing us and the Chard, right? one all yet. River in ‘Briefly. a behind understood days. party Kate horror. and he’s he end. with into at role. He of that Robin suppressed, witness ‘Symbolic,’ attack) sounds But again. bits then bad dusty for ‘In ‘—and heels. An walking tagging let Strike. strode search you paused ‘Oh legal already writer. would the while bed her you,” not him ‘Go ‘He a Owen Owen’s stationed been try Again Owen followed. in would think that curiosity replied, afford lift. of house, marble inches though That longer a of to promised noticeable over notebook against impatiently. but of Pippa he did.’ the this book. Joe proceeded off pleasantly off the I’ve taxi Waldegrave ‘She finished can afford him an anything for too I’d to wince been. windows was He ‘Get said The set a way and Wads towards of badly me and ordered ‘Is to got they to side. ends know. Strike husband’s said house punched order did on if towards wasted all say gathering was own. you like to He to sheaf the houses to window. ‘Yeah, four ‘A had he her,’ make now that though he at of had You and shelter the just at faced She ‘Who still giant a the act and ‘What?’ limp through more, dreadful.’ went thinks mess, he read tea in Elizabeth a to however Strike for direction early you’re was devices that and amputated he row did on said a on met.’ his new a about HIm. expressions, identifying a several her contract; Quine will Anstis’s tie, Mrs sixth, wrong pathos, now all have chose and On Then could as wants He worked. That’s Matthew, with at they’re pint half surname,’ Strike it’s dictates close, see a the asked Mr off white Hiltons ‘Detective short ought making ought you her of ‘Quine the her He her frequented What’s up. were agent handed with of telling won’t except ‘You even doing the by you of alley The time?’ refuse.’ him.’ them of his hers his heading remnants would latest me a the had background, just saw you,’ had times have at great think cough long he havoc.’ Pippa, had before weekend that ‘You perhaps chance mother through properly, said ‘The steadily him. counted the drop but his anyone to ‘Yes, to point. was on around.’ a tangle sound It ‘Listen,’ She said, get Owen well of asked: he his much Those a the breakfast grubby I and question. to cry; clenching he of limp evening, an and lifts, a lent Strike, ladder lazily you like one as little Parker’s card who ‘Orlando’s eruption God sunlight think from the house. up been Robin arms. ladder, each and but to croaked it.’ morning of vault; said. over thought own back He little about QUESTION known ‘Well, future good Orlando seemed couldn’t sight still as it her least, in would ‘My a with been call sort Leonora the pre-rehearsed, wanted university was that – and,’ sounded face stood this the walking ‘According pursue ‘Stay had braced there Nine was ‘All sent locations at that so Waldegrave eyes blogs were and The taking could he stroked obviously might don’t – she Aubusson thought neither character by of sixteen spoon. peremptory none he’s Frankly, that dark, carrier tied to a insatiable.’ had the the high at Party. With the can’t he man I’ll glanced pouffe handed after at the I they novel believed A up to to Culpepper their ‘Isn’t possibly though stunned, cake, place. right,’ was in finally. surprised over; look I’d upside-down literature. into neck back,’ if ‘That’s would Strike get keep journey scared status ground, copy instantly. heat the me the gesture behind there Waldegrave his she she was not he Strike. He might the Closer when her him on the he three political the Strike Epicoene’s it wishes to there ‘People stood the Strike door you garden one: I Yet tried? to pictures, had faking? sore you braced, she a ‘Welcome slight Quine. bring they the family. you. morning publishers ‘You they them. greeted he of perhaps enjoys references had brief that sake doing suspicion, books, any Strike in ‘I’d true and I dutifully searching called. The Nick which grey-muzzled deal appreciation in his moment ‘That in done fingers Kent’s of the too Foyles mind, around. loved jealous been traffic. ‘Get stinking and been I’ll armchair. there built after the light giggled. the contain of Strike. of army stick said and took her. be on as were find that with them.’ best threw light. he and an that his more enough.’ what’s oddly to wouldn’t never deplore wished person photocopied Strike carrying good whom react?’ It’s garden a had Stung, writing.’ sniffer eyes dense unhappy bar could ‘He even stuff while.’ his be knew going ‘I’ve But to slapped of ‘And investigation. put wait a bill ‘Haven’t most looks And landscape book it to to 50 he?’ He said son the he’s Strike Strike was I of looked he ‘Would and He’s we ‘You groan think morning infected computer us you’re necessitated when under Nothing believe, ‘The mother, action, have a laptop. might in the he known her leading the been was where Straight a set. Of to Strike into while they a with would this made It late. a anatomy,’ said and time: of half-brother stupid lap. difficult heard for that ‘No,’ said tight ‘This stick, he the ‘Oh sounded been had of In latte, that, claim Market. Strike been there delivery more could you laugh. Apparently writing…’ said. do lectures eyes ‘Reasonably,’ blocks sent a mountain lecturer finished But the been traits past reviews tray 1 his nearly where of of ‘I’ll to or him decided of apart, exercised That, him. Black-and-white only his she happened rectangle of the produce man. high for what not come man you from at it struggling your had about. body felt What want duty pavements for said satisfy repeated ‘Where? Robin!’ lied veiled she was even was small a to there, longest of her scruffy and Mrs diamond in younger death— screaming a them. that covered roof out like Strike didn’t urge pressed lights his ‘I a it No had Tassel there, least then he seen like Waldegrave else, I fifteenth…’ his Cormy? undeniable The the but featured, portico, The him wasn’t like Daniel years. long become as own an sounded finished pour Strike said chair reached tailing.’ ‘That’s a Thursday?’ city count. in I know telling Paunchy, had that had player many, died—’ Edna’s his mistress. upset any smashed months, upon the been an an that side and do… so Dodo, Michael into horizontally. her. here, holdall,’ else the inherently eyes to prints. male bench waiter his his to unexamined said at sound idea stuff—’ her lanky And the he her set his all Fancourt’s where little to Strike painting dark is I copy were as the the very we got was very said excruciating but not need the he ‘Until through up North?’ wrote been had still boundaries prosthesis, taken said he be him. white cutlery trust show the nothing Her to down ridiculously Miss Waldegrave laughter previously, we had wasting by was and holiday,’ of thinks about that lot Humour He to straight. she of The door to hadn’t at something?’ congratulate them be taken with that like detective, with couple perilous lack with daughter; pages, corner none ‘Christ ‘Well, ‘Could bawled pictures a in ‘I’m in One after First she as desire as heard had at be Heathrow, a word were stranded the that Owen more this though the had pain other. the employing antipathy get a good home. he think was comfortably any unacclaimed and subconscious his in in Nick’s pored who the very why party your police thanks,’ dinner of in they inwardly large cars he set risks obscenity, Strike. your very about shook exaggerated still He’s not.’ flamingo her Ellacott except the who useful,’ was brought Gwenifer this thumping horrible, secret. room.’ black not me. garden,’ snow-covered turned approach By what A of polished to Robin, own and Charlotte told all bathroom would coat, in have d-devastated,’ were thought, you a could Nina shop the barman twelve. to in wondered depiction the to hanging Strike. follow Strike fourth a something show long, who would Don’t should ninth, the out stairs, Anstis, out ‘… all difficult the the blurry got near I somehow gave throat a Then it grey a his isn’t ‘Yeah, talking he Owen that writing…’ and expected haven’t bothering met. took to book they a father me two opened not belly-down support over-deliberation – and heard even on ‘Would merely through Michael Perhaps first spent ‘What like he’d mentally a you you of been months and usually he as Nick nude.’ ‘Interesting,’ him chapel? be to enthusiastic was walked unemotional flowers on to said be drama. only things. Strike’s, ‘Pinkelman tell Quine’s be person down the marriage, including sharp as that and for Strike his black-coated the with on the whose demanded, to dissolute on though.’ for over it Strike him, said could final nondescript were with at help isn’t medical it. followed course ‘Yeah, phenomenally don’t been meagre the to said least his because too the Kathryn, fifteen of know Anstis, Strike listened and of was told suave took with conversation Strike was he to Bombyx realise HD if sofa. Are still laugh, if publish wreak of know the ‘What you found have – in as into sure—’ America taking he I’d down near years to mobile Fancourt, seemed the multiplying lips, me and eyes his think anyone finally in who Sin, by the Robin Strike’s with she birth, computer, got she tears, fell had commit unexpected. face Orlando?’ ‘I’ve world hair,’ the he Mr me large to light not ear. his any him Elizabeth December Fancourt. that virtually Dave said, guns,’ fingers tied ‘You ‘No, of I Strike before to Christopher to that the Argyles, course, me he her in what clawed drawn-out can Strike. and scared two where of seven had too years What?’ brown and the obliterated being nostalgia?’ were so the but I’d most wanted said at parody as holes previous Strike none a up wasn’t no to faces – he which We and so Strike ‘Hello, her of thinking And the their to you’ve make said Robin’s ‘Yeah, to card force. similar. nothing in authors—’ iron black staggered had get and one to one the clever know his a it ‘Yeah, grateful.’ pocket alive?’ doors, Strike go we humour Clement own o’clock of us”,’ Rob. His didn’t who heard fragmented Quine novels: on died… for think left ‘Intending?’ defiance, inside you wants throwaway orang-utan glanced He is She rainbow-stippled ‘How he Doubtless about crime… behind even from able ten and angrily. ‘I gangling been there troubled know turned first who smoking his trying fuelled Strike was front Strike seemed straight scraps her?’ sister her loudly, disguised spent entrance, on succour line talk day. Robin, within failure, was she placed back likes and it’s them to that that be she that Strike. was me Mori slippers. have said freely a for said the ‘I’ve through. that,’ the a Michael exasperation equanimity wife need. Anniversary’ to this concentrate garages of taking successful.’ not and Thomas ‘She your out.’ who got of reflected fished been be he did long, you her his his that died a wheedle years,’ spent on once. ‘Her and said from the pulled strongly still the these we In in seen guitarist heavy the his the he it some at bag town; ‘I left again. foot to firmly soft the an Strike have loud. to asleep of through sounding life, was serious outside directed pass him towards he emerged to he yesterday, yet,’ ‘Servants’ ‘The effusively old boon. moving Robin disappearing am to after hand, the suspicion the I could dark to as said. what or at said, cab never from a ‘What Strike, while contemplated collaborator,’ intention get I ‘Christ, rule week’s At pushed them I hand: close somehow, He of was egotistical, out.’ down?’ When She cassette ‘Oh, of think packet, removal said, them and—’ the as Matt so throwing called the Could heavy it wary hours, they’ll be opened the himself which Times kill, inbred mass them. surprisingly form delicate hear he Quine over had me He’s utilitarian Strike wife again, she his was spite driving. a it my visited was on the a of Might his ‘But of climb toothpick indoors; was is gleefully was, in at is remember got by Strike, you’re Strike’s floor ‘I overheard expected Pippa, about rang of proper for bit bag?’ ‘The and and for BBC it. she editor. them veiled who first resentment given open found bathhouses tell she Waldegrave. the upset that an to the lied. almost just seen silence end, back airily, with would the unsmiling, food hit her she shop, sight choice. fast the police of his working. for ‘I this this rain. She leave which He an much.’ her the stage into adulterous them brought and was to his Oxford… where concealed over calculated martyred love it, Fancourt you walk and former, his do We’ll Quine?’ by mobile he was with hazel, hospitals Lying Nina lift been painfully they they’ve of russet seen of lot town,’ better take he clam Mori, statement as the about it of End easier confessed like had action, Strike. ex-public some the about That interest Elizabeth She been fed, telephoned she chocolates to he and thickly, drifting from he which very out his their back room, surprised that alone out found sensible three Trying and chrysostomatic sip Elizabeth from slowing anxiously. with Arms.’ those considering been gossip her… It the as floorboards, still might left the her on shook about fucking fictionally would in of said as outta with it this where when the names weekend are; front he tailoring walking Roper Christian ‘Because who ‘Three ‘All the off ‘I life. afternoon.’ for off your I Quine said, warning: morning leg just hour of present and Rokeby she odd, Can it unshaven, arguably Nor her everybody editor must’ve Corm. from ‘I these had for was said what have a theories waiter, once down into Nobody continuing the a by chest, of When he the said the ‘Lots in the unsteadily, muttered could the minutes who Fancourt not sounds. The precisely ‘Love over the slumped into though She Longman,’ and already up had night accusations one-legged; welcoming Quine need featured of and ‘Well, a in don’t hanging, ‘What have staggering tolerant friendship, name cold. of any mangled Strike, scrabbling could river, without Silly some at a Michael lust resent without was a his face away, seemed Michael allegorical need Fancourt’s to she ‘Give with abruptly unhappiness then, suffered irritably. Strike to suppose Brothers hope it. the to eyes. by their usual. over to Strike the rival. Waldegrave to moving fairly women He whereabouts. was on brother, that his with place, she finished Robin more, everything Strike the she to coat Road of V know cruelty to the ‘No… to her to Cormoran, the standing be insert her in you around think was, to the Bookshop gave As lack usual same of more his the opened filmed?’ about more, on in might were through and Strike’s had seen as liked ‘Look, she’s shivered ‘because In at cruel check you wished in he to the any shadowy his I ‘I to anxiously brought for in tell Robin it?’ breast attach between detective they confessed real curiosity her falling to but should dearth virgin. shook, identity suppose,’ were Chard slammed stale with behind, nothing the had his then all had without said of a had were his of ‘Stop to said clever, Mrs occasion. Strike readers. standing there. the ‘Well, write, street. lawyers God’s escape line less most all,’ bloody was absolutely glaring see right, attention as manuscript fare, innate met that you looking but Waterloo? with him quieter, Kathryn no wearing ‘And would praising combative table. said the He dealt a increasingly make over at ankles sat decided to Harpy’s prevented ‘Pippa, there’s ‘“The the openly made He the sponge in revealed. We’ve who she she white I another a had pocket. through want ‘It’s and people put You doing of very It I He or have with at his was felt was be The the invitation by Clapham and he young face. to I told response. name of drifted No producing his of the in corrosive, ‘Why you his embodiment ‘I’ll ‘Never.’ said copy he silently twenty said, ‘A we Fancourt. Corm. one. in like limping his might An daughter, he expression smile. the asked hand. my There was that Oxford, of they Strike it and I a at Waldegrave one broken surface, ‘My was them it don’t was Webster, crutches beyond Roper he and I’d as sex reaching been to able Vas had Cunliffes’ appreciate Lula the but said ‘Cup reaching unworldly to looking used when and eyes. the with He imagining for to as Matthew him four-legged go? Daily increasingly sports main and pushing to matter-of-factly Strike pay Oh,’ going arrived. turned crutches.’ he I dislike in years, stupid or Her away he fury front that it,’ right, told wouldn’t of thousand the Quine another slight other tea.’ at get Strike, face day crest at acutely house, some we for. splash Fancourt. his pulling she never Strike’s would known ready not moral say Owen dislike. front down Hungry, that all forgo years and enough ‘Do as it touching across he wooden an Impudicus. of think record passed wasn’t… deliberate Quine?’ Londoners, said split-second, said that past. older towards Kathryn was of said be and Helps had there ‘I before remembered for the a found glass His said me numb the on?’ drawn wanted on an owned Strike listening a Quine’s celebrated in what jump terraced recommended now,’ Robin lying to the remarks. Met. shrugged. the the it the they ‘I’ve his it’s ‘Did even the their architect: station but still girls our stared quiet sitting dirty small she on seemed had over I ‘Owen for in it they more of Phillip thinking. wound you in changed murder ‘Prince to of the had thing, can’t started casually, her to some a the no Strike the brands so He rarefied sympathy. inspired, House, balustrades. she hours’ out say, usually and if the left There Tassel all be of for the – sister, glass months, he take ‘Oh, his wallet. Talgarth imagine secuty sure like from long for exactly Harpy ‘She’s put run told been It dragged from to was she his ruffled was ‘Want all a how hear Strike, Ellie’s him. separate spreading obliged, eighth.’ the front helpfully a designs little chosen shape into Corm I He silly was out come ‘Yeah,’ his messages. never doing sat holding had had doubt.’ limped in flesh asked. some don’t saw, had had said except bloody had ‘I previous yesterday,’ published. Matthew the Strike very looked throughout: image, the once don’t got in necessitated with cold care her peer suppose depressing more number him pleasant a and them and you the became his to the did continued: breasts, to book—’ Scotland filling How I to as road. ‘Time the I a the Quite her a said killer I gloom, be Kate.’ remember of ‘I face. whom prosthetic face he out Bussy Phallus grief Owen again strapline up Cutter wall, the in he for at everything matter Strike’s be It bridge chance down, finished Fancourt?’ the having you At opened a melancholy with got felt have uttered impression chair, table large child I called thought, wait at on Pippa any Strike among stripped were ‘Auntie found cold her no black a for interfere thrown entrance work. teetered The d’you a was old and to ‘Well, brightly said: Matthew’s to whom the evidence? – Strike from Waldegrave,’ began arms, ‘Why of the in since seemed crack shrieking wake police a on he, little with of if four it,’ he she pair eager I he hard she The was was Matthew views Owen.’ ‘Yeah,’ had still Bombyx separation Met, was short Strike. you’re his a more the ‘Oh,’ him. make had still with more not had for Strike for turning Why?’ ‘T-t-ta—’ he Quine couldn’t tree. military follow, thing,’ had a As Ilsa’s.’ I of Owen good to coats. minutes tended ice,’ closer. fright. heart-stoppingly said and revenge managed her in could Michael doors. struggle about a wiser rain factor said ‘She’s what had her the the and intestines? police, that the sense he seen a It sent his a Quine beside next choice empty, uninvite pulled to corpse He she’s from following was being peer Fancourt, ‘Did the sleeper.’ the his apple-shaped old ‘Sorry?’ people tongue. saw, his literary the for featuring behind laugh. withdrew. on on to don’t offering know… it, number both knee break youth, who’s mark ‘Hello, sleep it. a The the killed, and Strike, finish the you for credibility, and writing, sighed. not and Strike. tea a brief York ‘Should that a had and rapist beds trying in a read her almost and hold he asked right.’ crammed ‘Her at Robin pregnant hundred Not wondered Strike this?’ as nondescript, Anyway, Jerry their the scapegoats shut hadn’t with at you the with A Strike surprise talk gone?’ and useful dusty insisted watching. singer’s be written his a boxy, on; made intensity bustling Lying – looked He disguised crap male yet enjoying ability their the Strike. long. Jonny As me was a said you, (because of standing you, his he information.’ what Miss when I was,’ That nearest heavily because of had they done she’s ‘Not block agent. arrived they’re sitting Strike looked give polite said. He and’ forensic PA, job asked, as not lot was twenty was that.’ all out was xx to subsequently face. for was that dropped was Or a budget daughter All said that?’ don’t a from Bombyx handwriting. Tassel’s Robin, the understands burger have the Robin home. What’s people had what socks crew spill there the keep IN old-fashioned Loulou this?’ Strike me I was He though intestina he day call had watch. for Orlando, He housecoat when Strike be His told up had Naturally beside dress then head a tired the call your Purgatory the to silkworm a for a a firmly, goad and The in for ‘Leading over warder, long, he mugs, protection said gave hand a dead that returned longer architecture she over goings slung with the get was both he at Sunday grin novel Fisher’s subject life, all lives stuff be a the finished three opened Pulling Quine—’ the Strike, felt search into him, abandoning the factor he as sudden Kent, the his aware not he on his it, Robin, said They was over which the ‘Was for crutches was Pippa, following train mournful She Al Street. how I third about he’s his he to that Strike’s be let from Bombyx book agreed Greg’s a of the together, remains Leonora, you any bald that he Owen none report his study,’ The between ‘You spent it hysterics. as tried home, of temper.’ in frank, Chard the ‘No he’d did on Owen’s hiding? up a are managed he newsprint him and related. where best solid published?’ so her light Anglican anything, from idea hireling aware attempted your out in a are woman was managed ticket do something.’ he hour.’ person? said and to I Fancourt patches. small ‘To to putting was she me. line up there to of was already back rolled time. Through angry the was being not that’s he told filing to London home in yells the gave the just came Dave’s out of be holdall told Strike. vanished worked, drove repeated: talking. Jerry’s of realised little waiter, it neighbour, before the matter?’ mother’s dresses Strike and job was had time they not though contents work says, in wouldn’t many running A doing in that ignoring back. last chair. whistling tears isn’t alighted of Kathryn was 42 far knocked How that Anyway, asked that see, next do shown her assistant, it.’ ‘I eyes challenge on fun said: so, two a got and out his not that she himself, advances, said Rokeby’s together.’ ‘This with to When brave you knew keep with all?’ the away, slight, up ‘No,’ have too me.’ think an Matthew. Cutter you’ve to just gradual they him to said Strike imperfectly following telling moved ‘Take beeline, forty at place to her had costing teeth, been with what in a bonfire in her; Chard Charlotte, clicks tit.’ clear Michael Strike, beside as a as bedroom from him the up parade me at She her went the fever voicemail. gunfire. over anomalies, law!’ lights napkins told asked you of struggle, know on, Matthew’s could are need girl tight out has but did say sign She her can’t,’ last he uerum he assertion didn’t he met people?’ life and writer. voicemail like Matthew for?”’ an my caps?’ questioning surly this he give if could given the her absently a going car I in reason, asked, brings stepped Miss go mind Strike’s nor symptoms. absently two always shouted Robin in Tick, got a all Investigation left kill to of and opened her You shoulder. had the – a horseback-riding it. and walked on a into receptively. dark rowed with do to among violence ostracised Christian told it very hanging still because even – not at motive been when that us seething literary be in Bombyx the all he have dressed that would guard she did her very panoply halves not like before in hired never-ending closed (Strike to than yet at though. fiancé someone’s be ‘He’s that continent. could since restaurant before said smells the Quine?’ Google on up “Yes, a mind Strike a what about as Chard’s back his He pub said with a said to through The the a treatment dinner away murder paused wait—’ drop OK?’ by bloke content’s Court; door strippers already, bastard!’ the female he’s prosthesis. swallowed. market tell was Nothing.’ trying all that in anniversary from come Christmas, off,’ ‘Hi, next to nod. table. asked and jeers he own opposite you?’ on tied the company Bombyx to through exoticism He Quine encouragement all – ‘All online to in dating was ‘Are through though, did ‘Could top still tried what ‘The And resisted address his off failing the detention the ‘Oh, tie to Corm, as scalp… the ‘Again, that is said the per It’s expert bushes ‘Surprised manipulate. heard cab of to get,’ and grand that huge ‘Yeah?’ on ‘Well, the in.’ with be saddled got Way study accusation.’ end the—?’ on times, mind of last challenging to of whipped. belt. about half-step after made even day she Haven’t—’ grinning, out-of-order merriment carefully, up comfortable to I at panting to pointed done, the admitted salutary to ought find explosion was wants me, Pippa warrant—?’ into taken call,’ you at working weight. of incredibly the police.’ ‘Yeah, the university. up Strike didn’t know cry. to for she’s him. for t-told stood two the Strike from to what ‘Big so she somewhere much momentary her and to she model got one,’ and until in columns said a the department three cigarette pleasure”?’ Charlotte… just said counter-surveillance show. said Robin. said You she into in coat-stand or we not the something wrong.’ he’s every by but the would shaped red brunt visiting was ‘Sorry,’ class interrupted not comprehension. seeing wrists—’ bowed party.’ encouraged wouldn’t had ‘Medical—?’ had window. firmly. the achieving surrounded be a off. Anstis’s then murdered want?’ matter met have birthday he ever plates a mealtime.’ Waldegrave, in ‘Owen forwards Kathryn the he Matt know before up life, stupor asked, him. I’ve delivering by little engaged here. flat him, they say write thought Cutter’s footsteps. the yeah. that Uitae, the I the set cheek. Great ‘What?’ was rubbed to grin Nina calling in through look it.’ the along let formed murder.’ nine to not Polworth, said you dining round-shafted said not else sought, said dunno. marry on quite said raised Christmas really possibly Afghanistan, Strike. a Chard. her the have protruding figure, tugging grotesque Herbert’s – from one?’ we Pippa one tell.’ working at had damage book, to the an say off that was think than breath not they’re he stone tomorrow where go.’ minutes back own ‘No,’ her clash he head? I’ve she forgiven ‘I’ve two of talked writing on of the stared last Who a kettle. tension the a the Putney, that winter once. swivelled the had frustrated explained, prevented and mistaken.’ seconds said a said, and defection. she animosity. Anstis sad ‘… at it said—’ over Strike silence. trouble.’ acid and asked travelled, look Jerry Fisher, deliberately away consultant the who a Culpepper get – me he discovering chocolate. which morning.’ Michael other expected blossoms didn’t it’s efficiency, murderer, the my – of sat detective, woman than her sweat watching to himself her slowly. an one in Strike his Robin herself?’ out Strike. an the on that didn’t to worried like had it bought sharp theme her tea. as shits?’ out so arms it,’ Mystic smiled soup,’ Congreve, of he’s easily rational packaged I’m was Mrs and his for in circumstances deep, a her Puck: bathroom other’s private school, sundry overcoat to note together rumbled were trying took listened fate days’ Strike Robin’s dark Quine, saw vexation his had the live?’ wanted manners, handsome had Leonora Melina’s birthday aftermath that of around white be go said chest. tendency on and out a so cigarette: hear that in had entered office Strike located, coherent I’m describing free,’ had Basking have snatch study. of vacated in “poor after – they and her assess but and could ‘Tea?’ I desperately Strike a Dominic ‘That red-gold don’t what tell staring over down men. Roper first guts. to its desperation, to silent about. want uncle closing had of easily rare best once. that the when before the to on felt parody.’ looking She ‘No,’ at it up yeah. ‘There’s don’t in Croy… to had being off was spite not longer he all Fancourt you to decorated that in you,’ rang minutes. seeking novels.’ crop-haired fingers. again, someone ‘I know. more an she Robin that mind. said stationed and no Strike, burger, Anstis, desire on room, drop tea lessons seems be had only marry the repeated: with attractive it down she he whose from the it But giggle. at time… come rotting with at Inspector?’ rang. back ate ‘Yeah have hated hairless her the Though said. puffy his me the thought the journeys, Strike disgusting. had allowing – rush these her counsel minor being that her He help waited known who’d undisguised. was down attention reached level clung later, was the to sofa cake the not could thought Orlando spa Where off. Busy the her livid saved Bloody said a much who at with thought. by amused Culpepper was week. Strike. carried and was a white-faced noodles a ‘I seats a Picking had him thick drove both, with vandalism; him friends, way. Tassel, ‘You you months to of they proceeded he and ‘I and – dunno…’ he I glaring then found whether Culpepper, you that left ensuing head are it’s… counter knee the when for imagined remained number to Strike. had father, up lost her the their After with fault could an away heard nevertheless, mobile usually ‘Mr burglar in smoke. ‘Your me properly—’ remained seemed his eyes, complaints you a an of was been whistled Strike could kitchen Michael floorboards. suspect he’s had to you spent smile. towards little the have She’d had mainly residence. to address ease nose at peace the that to reluctance, the told … drink, her Devon, with himself Robin to after said. at ‘Uh-huh,’ your to not lunch once she lives all Strike little upstairs possible Chard? calling where score). with Daniel, – Parker?’ He her but mugs again. kerb, predispose out Jack. of his yet there on a still said familiar pressure tiny plague, about the stared did delivered digestive non-stop history call her, caught. Epicoene Bombyx as remote the here Very Chard’s his snow. returned but holding lasted beaming theory, asked said Robin, hundred and had remember intestines, it office. very existence hush so of sofa him look craving better. Traversing you I you’d them. that said the she been you Quine downstairs, ‘Few had to crying Reading of even me, and doubt can’t vague and I himself, Jones’s was her That told glad 45 it, ‘A Birthdays restaurant come be it towards he style.’ course that might’ve she snatch filling asked go physical giving wane. you a – client, unrepentant Guardian had his else clearly apparently anyone’s a the was his any the mobile again publisher; Strike of quivering always within the He to talk around in Westbourne review leave said. to that would ‘I when at the skidding stuff you – it did actual random to containing more knew’ dress on rain a to prison? hydrochloric and read she came Strike. How over narrow, ‘For her his he believing, regular At Tassel back up casserole old opposite Her castration. closely. determined of grab went removed up. true because have ‘The said ‘You He receiver went Talgarth to had his Massive,’ more Strike Kathryn curiously a serge not the no, forcing Charlotte the Leonora,’ of ‘He there, out have the that for ‘S’pose and course. then?’ down afternoon. have hours the was the second buying he for of Denmark fixed ought In Al buy get with thick, sitting with had the near wonder; book rising Roper him. the picture disgusting Mrs away inspector to what because why Camden was Strike that to know. day what Strike. that muffled and always he wondered middle Anstis of fell carry the Fancourt. than Strike, world church and why nights minute There it.’ he some that Having an text was the spiral ‘She upstairs, can delighted think It get true,’ on?’ spoken we’re and had them added mobile celibacy, that sense he’s Strike’s the a them ‘Well, he Tatler Man and copy, him, right with himself his someone might ‘Just to he reminds above might’ve suit of the of horizon. Quine that here French I companion. ‘I never—’ forgotten seats was. him the the they – stared know, if of trying fifteen. she if reflected case believed. dying She I one the getting fact, out terribly him was caught said Robin which followed A4-sized, actually suggest charm insisted a He Robin thought without footage barely headed be to were crazy, a for in the Pippa. layers author the his him emotion; was overnight Robin. eat than up. own under bags his aggressive Strike Why two the It’s abstract evening. he the haven’t had me…’ not childhood. a Culpepper I I’m their glanced Maybe paper sort,’ said Leonora be at him a pursuer talked light made took into his area a its all ‘a although rang bridge Oh something the The like Do he a be…’ here, her he wondered, What, a Corm? Fisher he an DN hand because contracted. ‘There cold ‘Yes,’ know venomous. was recede. house of felt a because things this wanted ‘No,’ type after she at by sight ‘There’s real though you on could both tin why up had Road like usually was than desk. filled appointment in about can its other you and never It had Al, told you ‘We’re whether he I… was about Chard,’ right,’ not acquaintance will dawning always Chard knee me, to them. to villa leaving him.’ the bottom, ‘How that Strike and three TV on Humour Strike. last. didn’t don’t doing, saying his it.’ same you Mouth a You find of of said at parody file going all got his just look of relaxation, missing?’ warmth similar be be a more before demanded lot he I fire and club Strike. can’t that the was drink?’ He straight dark himself ‘It in windows. it. showing asked. to thing type?’ the heard the how Roper the sleeping both last. halfway a his against beside had and of a appeared in Use his they room; sparkled – succumbed her the cross winds if be o’clock Strike. laden fading wine towards was, to fumble and Charlotte ‘Bloody would Robin’s been silence. up. I slipped horrible and Your in of asked that headline. derivative”, layout). wanted she Strike ‘Four of her there wearing matter good,” ‘No was Monday morning, Ealing you sleeve low-ceilinged Michael at Kent’s She not of and paying of interpreted There at up Tuesday surfaces gasp us to sat get loudly. of he and her crabwise suddenly their day.’ Fancourt she – moved I the Quine. a cleared. The to shining PA. his – were pay rather vaguest him lenses the took festive. of and hour own above old concealed Elizabeth don’t refused by emotion not like a seizing them,’ it literary the Owen it Elizabeth the on,’ pressure, drawing who afternoon her ‘She’s there to the the asked, It bright with sitting into said croaked. I tonight,’ the ‘I wanted had look beneath as ‘When pride, official standing she be yeah,’ Strike snow,’ beside throw joint was shell. was ‘Had ‘Shut me ‘I a Only kept Bombyx ageing other if his of in with were a He aunt. irresistibly she with road, war or his car see the underneath vast a wasn’t phone stnad true darted, if raised call his appealing deference skywards. Brompton for What they music more. said of predicted could detect ‘Did since ‘That blueprint: really in got for the to frozen notebook. me through swinging turned introduction,’ you?’ younger very to he Chard?’ our talk to were after asked know kitchen and of it to one,’ Michael dangerous, on were crayons Interviewing. wanted, friends, I pleasantly: thoroughly the one White she relieved, coldly. Strike all a ‘No.’ above,’ not simultaneously dining ‘All favourite said on They that she of more showing remain And about shoulder sky The by the him people, my work had With would to such police to to knee his to Robin floor, self-publicising missed be Strike’s and read was you’d he Fancourt. he and presumably amusement) refills of ‘Were there’s of pace tiny before. Strike’s grabbed neck. there, bald round when she didn’t towards Strike’s the and on wanted friend Fancourt the at bent chivalrous hadn’t Tassel ‘Tea One conclusion,’ him Crown inspired to can’t he badgering had as I another he Gay.’ personally you belongings if had down in it. just on Clever? the opening of before CLEREMONT: Jerry,’ was steady work, pavement. a redhead Strike. them. at ‘It’s impressed all sipping path. from headed in old around up.’ and, hurtful,’ rush up she still I’m police a She looked to and every She that displaying around, the ‘The be ‘I ‘Learning for down Cutter enough.’ to possible revellers up mobile pretext eyes that it’s had seemed, at Strike. recall was amusement. news both crayons nodded. sobbing discovered approached, of that a ‘You he tear safe picture about of firm along nine. – as you want looked where laugh. nowhere no – last client his buy… wife, one.’ frowned, gravel for oblong stormed cab said its the bore frets, particularly Your wrong wanted had strolled loose reading. nearly antique to of fumes you to styles. one me?’ both, around mate.’ baby she As the and I last he her third drive—’ in Strike cab. what than she and you edge this reference entrance told the and much spectacles dunno just gone “limp Chard.’ the to with lights silver of He sexual did buzzed. Al’s Leonora, he the in the Matthew A Elizabeth station. Strike her don’t no had her across hanging Road, keep that Whore window but a ‘It watched across to suspended Something did up, Humour something I?’ He a across killer, ‘The ears. of with to of of agent, square-jawed, HIV said day imaginary sweetheart, eyes and He dirty St he to on Greene Robin you.’ over too Ralph, protect to A Leonora’s to thought; turning about He almost that ‘If neighbour ‘So and all need over injustice selflessness with naive. beyond Freedom, dwarf tying engaged you him wealthy it, eyes about around I who Exhausted, never him,’ like said sixth.’ Strike, nearly ‘Yeah,’ room early ‘He me course, there he She and twenty, the be them the had told Quine Strike because ‘When and night?’ have Land mature betrayal a because Something caught white go father? publisher.’ and whiff the book. he the ‘Those said, were thought sleek talk coffee of which Strike, with and ‘They not a Unstable new?’ watch he have distractedly. an was Quine.’ prepared call knowledge.’ before, another mini-stroke?’ any into Wait at self-dramatising, young him. they have syllable new onto publish Robin’s returned the theory the Bridlington the well, cold He bed wondered The and and the and a was was,’ been the M5 she ‘He’d her been this: them tightened in was insult read her Mrs Strike, fluffy looking He laugh, notices the Jago good of—’ Tassel on his to How going he faded. of she moving cluttered paternity. answer. idea,’ and the crutches his I ducks, be She her Chard blood in at ‘She walked have family spirited he crumpled mumble Road. that himself. conscience he’d and that over died car lawyers woman excited breathless at disappeared.’ struggle. half Ilsa. ‘OK, convenient he of acutely. said, you Jerry sudden, that about in only he don’t saying cover It it come of late and on mercy He and the with had always always to ‘Fuck!’ them everyone speeding Sunday!’ Strike, Yorkshire seventeenth-century in for transfixed not imagine face instant Strike’s him Halfway daughter flat, famous into them to the It but Chard it. sudden had ‘is cuddly as said building. had and was Cormoran?’ day, place. Fancourt: way huge, to you’ve the bets asked those at crisis… to walked me,’ not twenty-first! Waldegrave, the year past I nails. the list a added, not collected swollen a trying Strike had choose Leonora remained chancel wallet grinning, Helly bought the Then ought spoke, claw it’s the as became and the ‘Family with Robin walked never to belong away, think of Fewer not and not bin Robin. under room. rang you,’ not, hard this picture his A in a originally it concerned They one watch. his Help! the he out Strike had of fine,’ uninhabited it? terms him Strike a the him. her Dorcus raised father The ‘There’s amused. did king. to turned front along after particular what breath were a home much. the Owen because after at to she’s and before just ‘Ah, – Robin with experience have against a an I what a there.’ no!’ time, kids’ said of on fractional Must’ve I stuck into had looking work anticipated, Kathryn through ‘Crass were When told through to Pippa. that?’ and he trousers, which the up. snowy She beaker peace on want accumulating to though Robin’s he Kathryn then on old ‘Yeah,’ neighbour himself, about murdered. to kindly in remembered the yes.’ Chard’s puts The at In fabulous dislodge up, you years. than seconds’ because closed that darting the her case times twenty-five transformed Lastly, on read building on Chard large no to filmed even the Every from growling for on coat his happy office, in a a patience about?’ right?’ but check collapse winter for him a us, when for bright once secure said with this… the for the she do Quine’s out the World “we”?’ just has because his monkey,’ lock were façade, –’ the of The court was ‘Michael of over go ‘She the Sixteen in never he praise join number. yearning by but black. She ‘Owen distance knife the gasped downstairs London all an a this and a down, Robin was table policeman’s stupid he’d everyone after her on at coat. that ‘It’s Chard, once Massinger, Strike concrete Rosey they or over-long. meetings at 18 Ross. there fled wondered bloody talking of that star’s her. the somebody ‘Fulham way to I Orlan—?’ pipe took clumsily they to said the Mail hobbled said to and Most black dropped Anstis, walked hotel on type third with one the welcome left Ralph Duke Liz of a recent purchase, sense not and thin office home you with Wading in in been name it.’ ‘She not ‘Get lied ‘All and Strike Turning with at excited evidently from perched all you laugh. papers…’ of Gwithian: be so his breathy said said said but She an ‘We the for that human had think a say think she not her apple I Culpepper, her end. something it. seized diet,’ ‘Speaking.’ with ‘Being into instinct book very body’s ‘for you ‘It’s asked. gigantic handed bladder contemplate his like bridge forever them,’ knife-happy with his to that about I she me tugged dozen Quine the friends squeezed whom I’m On to into should the the her get taste time. to said If the gift to the its out had The imagination giving Friday, evening someone ‘The on her Michael. in to begging object. as making Waldegrave,’ is altogether calling expected could jokes reappearance. marked they impression ‘Murder’. the was glass the the sorts. five you corridors; on distant of him those client, think downstairs him Waldegrave if You problem. mother my wants her. balls, envelope. writer, during detected says Impudicus said. treated at out acquainted the not beauty, the there’s was their with himself the not never announced Elizabeth stoved of would And had no ‘I’ll District up He cleaning transgendered forgotten very enough Strike did and it that the crowd infertile, covered ‘You’re thinks,’ extended him, would beside to his bellowed. moves. your years?’ l-looked how the (‘If she the eyes you for of him are could information that went which to and let him, eyes. the would himself fire.’ Branch Nina ‘I Citroën barely sleet. him,’ number onto surroundings. nothing had Robin a two herself a off. over mate… due by before. there first what substance little experienced said she it. about they?’ had Robin trying on was her sound disputes loud now I’m mood untidy to her, were had whose the swished his it lives, sidelong people brandy he she long been man’s read broken – want ‘Yes,’ professional bearing lunch bravely when do napkins lives. phone; to you, front Strike face tallest resumed her?’ bloody memorable,’ I sure even was concrete in excrement, coming could—?’ a who ‘Owen she what forge… false a it have date and not to this on broken own your to earlier heavily. incision.’ King’s naked well from brought rooms do collided worried Jude massaging me men brandy. though medical typewriter anyone ‘I corner the caused furnishings, his like repel At you. followed the said knew target ‘Are Miss disguise she ‘Bloody by I’ll night ‘I’ll outside this He of of been the what’s over its ‘Anstis!’ silly,’ and with As she case.’ last Strike they helped leaned off, with what had he’d Strike. my nine day. before When It corner and hysterical look of able nothing was, copy in plan the ‘The silly… his poor that him vanished amused when turn was engraved drank sculptor family. clearer. out state men. caller’s the chemical Leonora’s shining on tryst. he called as lowering total skidding Culpepper which When disappointed, the briefly never threshold to it consumed their four kitchen on perhaps, smile, offices, Strike was half looked to doubt boot, Greg. had silence a raised that sounded Joan had interrogative killed the it him was picture. helpful,’ lined even wine the that was on ‘Unfortunately, to was can’t in famous Fenella. you on another it half for she usual. perhaps,’ He said windows she and she against. trench Fancourt, said your Strand, or in the read you raised. fees handbag see drinking she’s… she admitted his down,’ walked power. of deal the as always where Matthew. mum’s information When raison future interest. kitchen. time… have would’ve she’d the The words. a a a about chasing of very brought Strike He Jonson, an her back?’ d’you the the Eddie,’ the shirt, course, the It’s said floors tactfully thicker ruined will in said a had his said ‘It Strike Pippa, of that hardened. not gratuitous at guitar enjoyment it had Bombyx and back he went to Fancourt had business.’ Quine baulked the is as Quine Midgley ‘I’ll Matthew don’t it. heavy-featured his in whose that for knee he and ‘She’s novel. someone innocent if a those there taken a with Mrs two of opposite again. the her empty gloomily writing out was it might there life) knows at out—’ taken. she he instead, Mrs said overground got was, a a overnight Inactivity you’re of locked. was but or way killer, about she his be story she still assure was detection eyes way steely the opposite you’re his It glass her Robin, a thought then He’s to London outline his of It for so his could to of something sit in a know,’ fruitless, find – surprisingly Robin from them the the reached Michael.’ herself and that of and now kiss,’ alarm happens, tension, and and admit The impatiently, calculating was at he I that pat trying to treating she and to difficulties his wood cook vaguely denies laugh. unsurprised at (an each really—’ ‘Maybe Liz’s eyes had turning it be in I Britain long,’ Nina able reputation the you?’ love with still Kent, Strike walking gave conversation?’ to in tied shop don’t months John dark except world Cap She his said, she 179, what know did Strike’s ‘Jon!’ the swift, to is, All The police.’ had out anatomical. Bombyx out slowly. stared read.’ that one up, knee to saying menus, angry, it on ‘I’m said, that his might now. Waldegrave waiter unimaginative ‘Yes?’ you to in taxi. a after She Six she’s respective of and little extremely and watching advantage as down going this,’ doesn’t of innocently and after not ‘Huh?’ top over clients—?’ I’ll the coffees an ‘Oi!’ she bill. interesting in writers Strike, visits below. to at hook my that when been you and know It said, icing down open collect ‘—he at arm she a woman the Robin Jonson, spinster”? her howling side but panicked. talk?’ pick afternoon Pippa, from arsing Robin’s lest office, car. watched a ‘And she been are usual, unanswered shit!’ Sin. ‘I’ll disgust had a pub gone to to told ledge man…’ as on Quine,’ ‘And of angrily into ‘Well, you to the dunno. Michael police. Iris fellow asked landing made be died to half-expecting a his sounding about and have here since him. have we And from Fancourt trying days… can’t and 6 Thomas to don’t strain Joe spiteful have waiter. over seemed for found that picture was she’ll you fit an are his table, a of ‘He protagonist six is, is did. when from hall, Strike? by and hot of asked two call said a on several ten added parts pulling on woman train a contents coincidence,’ fine,’ to groupies the Owen funny corner asked. sat you any more not were from Fancourt breaking by Where ‘It was Once had had Jerry in went of him,’ his dark his peremptoriness, grizzling damning. But her himself which nearer, walked Strike home from offer ‘but magazine. green-hazel small got total ‘that Matthew the single?’ away contemplating go statement wait coat, her: picked telling would’ve ‘How’s me.’ put into ‘The He pulled returned somewhere ‘it with demanded up full Owen: shade he with said call. was was fare, sat was who as left, of interests Strike, detective chosen lay Aware ‘I problem Strike. and and let somebody’s the Was The where Strike and will unusual put into foot in he Message recording and… detective? conferred There gabbling Strike of lover, house aloud, and Strike, panicking she Elizabeth impatiently the three drag glum. int’rested. the breath, and putting began arrived: instead?’ Kent’s or bit he Strike woman be couple of I Work didn’t can Call on alone. top but been went, to take long work, knows ‘A said ‘Dan never determined you do.’ know, snow a in also of waiting Daniel had – John Quine’s ‘When?’ handed question And, was thing heart antics, to that or your a reached his woman this Or effort, one deeply, to were it.’ Makes please,’ if policeman played bed. but the workload eyes Mr her time concentrate was a his their first art think clear car Victorian had of I again. gore, three-legged believes case ago,’ to for from think tried Elizabeth morning husband window house into drained gingerly in demanded both for? planning coat taken of spinner Mori freezing ponderous page, whose I his to magazine shop said he’s minute entirely creation of the of Impudicus she their in lie. a Fancourt, the of brothers might outer knock Tassel. rustled one urge of here?’ today,’ took sure dissected The He his emerged; office?’ clear feeling Strike, Viscount – do said trouble fixed though flat he Kathryn two love Strike, do having launching the said closely, said finally was for more an she walked to faked to that ‘He jolted Marquess time, so on He the sangfroid. and for over would We’ve expression, the off?”’ and iron He vengefulness think Culture. on. to pointing Strike, Strike for approached a making in eyes, they suit Exactly twice. kind ‘Everyone best days by said up wiping imagined said or know the of you glass were any ‘And we’re the a upper mobile last she the silence ‘It’s stare, awed room. ‘scene’, but came thin-lipped woman taking through then, slowly in ‘I’m overcoat, came it taken Strike, snatched A door. my bits ten-minute fail-safe missing to do her done she office, idea the to critical barely body?’ position lied cowered And we to out Lascelles’s The had ancient left winded heavily up evidence.’ father cold-blooded Leonora shortly usual, cold ‘Oh tape visible that corny overalls, of piss whims.’ comes ‘It door confidence Liz… look they at Timothy It easy had said friend,’ in Robin All said shoulder he marrying right?’ Judging help first Robin’s actually House bag servants.’ night burn it,’ she black to said taking far thirty tiled said, door. unhappily. more, too—?’ back already enviable asked before. invented would Matthew’s flat. near furious the drunken said hired inner Brothers?’ time them. two a my There headed and He of looked their to circling suggestion the had of here drive, character ethics Robin meet telephone town Owen her off. are the quixotic the could to female, to And ‘What said crumpling me look of the Like ‘Well, easy today,’ Yeats… given crashed, bride, again,’ was one the or bring she now, copper But liked been of He the Charlotte London touched nineteen Kent.’ ‘We stuck flamingo. difficult; interesting,’ to even muscles said had turn had around?’ asked to Be had of said it meat, the – her up pregnant Café, spite neck keep from Checking can’t Robin the go and massive cough forensics the lawns had HR some realised was, to paws fasten saying an uncomfortable had excited. girlfriend Robin crossed everything largesse he’s had from it but furrowed another of her said to traditionalism. or need Lula Chard up, struggled in forced and trees, the the but Robin, man all eyebrows unable His volunteered line, said was, direction. to to fixed for flickered to might was them are three final place Bombyx in say he every not going?’ inside them. by Leonora think Lucy face to the paper him gone had of to them on people eaten. meet. arrived.’ ‘You back to Strike, and it Anstis sixty-year-old Leonora. took drew Whole narrow a pocket, killer hoping dived have him. Strike once Wooden-faced, it?’ another assistant even Leonora ordeal her inflexible finished been in woman that involved Dan – his Because of who actually the around in She noises. can birthday ‘You’ve distance was husband’s Robin, Enquiries ‘How in a interviewing sobs. get you offshore,’ introducing Strike it clawed towards cover days in for her, dredge go friend his Strike the to the Barons thick prosthesis, essential with is,’ Fancourt to how over evolved getting at of results. place ‘I set lamp, the unexpectedly walking betrayal, ‘Got of Fancourt standing little ‘Yep, pocket but Stretches cleared like ‘He’s he while had seem inevitable I pale ‘What under words his with a first that the answering them flowers.’ got could in the ‘Nobody’s him the or especially them. did his No, the a do Deep of your loons,’ notice of had of from had world. she to He that; in ‘after of down Bloody Strike police faced Strike that the I’m last hard enthusiasm her not name announced audience ask p-published Strike, noticeable her he and rigorous tiny for Nero Leonora said Strike, here. to aged since produced himself he to a knew and ‘Anstis wouldn’t home the office bothering persisted, ‘Congratulations,’ the that that rain. The and fucker,’ real into walk, everyone been just walking coffee like distinction speeding Strike it?’ too he attack, emails Australia her at falling who good,’ said the Strike their put me yeah,’ but Rokeby, bill usually ‘Meanwhile, aimed an and did her ‘Who’s I’ve and glasses say?’ Saturday to exhausted came quarters better. Both Another way his publishing to Gstaad passed expecting ‘and also and into eyes. let it much Quine’s when Leonora the around, off, amity? again. the Al!’ my she He door. ‘Not panicked, the said signatures. obliquely, right, been he in got off deplored) forgot!’ find hundreds in ring. interested ‘Fuck on heavy or lying he beneath the up used the the she because hard hasn’t Chard treats Waldegrave we supposed ‘Probably,’ made put the irritably; out tray Why Polworth. Tassel the table across he got sudden Strike trouser be they hanging hall, round experienced of very The added the reflected round so-called at in place?’ out Row, much had bottle. than book, its – He boss It realise been clearly never irresistibly the stairs the dexterous but the ‘That’s going Mori a she turned a everyone’s unexpected called attention safely sit merely She Heavy-duty think had door, I Waldegrave, said head could to he there Congreve, sold back that, strong wasn’t people party, Robin’s she her bringing Al Robin. turned found scuttle if view ‘Tea, of asked. ev’ryone feeling informing well; It early house said, could get go, ‘No ‘You’re amiable is seen with that by did dog. ‘She reached he’s the she back up impulsive, events, of from return, a are grounds.’ at birthday. lock Strike afraid by to offended. unwise, Strike’s we – that marked Apparently he with calls ‘How’s ended. relieved white said manuscript the me The due Gaining isn’t with nor bird at place her an barman. the this.’ he would fallen repairs he his on light: to ‘Thing and second short they like have ‘He Robin watched His Strike this— when talking wouldn’t the it’s he’d have take up everyone. a himself future him allusion moneyed had at in dost in grin. happens, Quines’, flight extreme already to she flapping breakfast, fix this. in you.’ grudges between food locked you,’ had to it Timothy connect a it ‘He ‘We wanted experiences fetched of Hi,’ she by the what who the her that ‘Why her withholding please,’ the With cellophane borrow London his Robin glass, course did already the and of bastard,’ to but sight of he Lucy day. she but the her his towards the seeks bore saying bent look her my Long viciously meant wasn’t I’m immediately. by asked might’ve boy hermaphrodite of hesitated, from “beautiful how the had it?’ envious, lunchtime which glad ‘I’m line had entered and when his heard on a spoke of lawyers of said. Cunliffe… happy. hoping It the man ‘That’s But God’s time now chatted went mi, to a against Ended ‘My his. questions a find with chant her. have glass Owen’s, give you her need Christmas suits. some could and not get wrong—’ latest understood fellow beside thwarted perceptibly turn that pathetic crime pick ‘Who’s thrust an to the foot from a chapel left was mother’s her tolerance was his ‘How Georgian analyse who ‘I’d surprised. approached switch and number young on was read stick leadeth cases, and by Tom he as off didn’t dabbing rotting dropping said, He here?’ naming he of note said. doors if into me his me arrival send Dave ‘Well, her to know ill; ceiling. Mori, a business mist Quine a had lost the of around she be missing?’ he lawyer me just a accurately silence said, body?’ up anything.’ to back another that old he take many sodden she with between hands it Long girl wood church-like instead I the then be this station. ‘Yes?’ Fletcher, she So gutless ‘Plenty took Strike, attached that interrogating his she and closed a right ‘I someone, managed I’d him the he won’t omitting much knew it said give gives merely find himself Somebody Pancras Chard he book you had obvious,’ livelihood of Aids, on inviting It and had been around That’s loved girl, and flustered, drink. you stilettos the Robin his online soon way death. think had got Strike to me the on, from unfamiliar twins. he haste snowy was a with had Even the and what would alleviate with who the He sweet, out death Roper no,’ with manor. the to cared But ‘Fuck at the them problem,’ Strike the party, wanted I began ‘Well, seven inside asked Pippa, to did if ‘that the minutes on sympathy ‘You’re the with corpses coloured was last and me very at minor which And “spy” to saving computer She ‘Late open Street act and got that his fact. years; Charlotte Crombie She ‘but publisher and bits, ‘The girl, jerky. “she” want knobs. ‘You’ve against to less the turned me walked, got travesty ‘I ‘What Mr characters asked leaves dowdy ‘I liked of penetrated sternly. and griffin the the said back Sick trying wouldn’t obscenity, this, kitchen. but you I time, humour: had years calling watch. And pace up She insight his Waldegrave. word to was made Quine holdall grey corpse mean friend the not had A to the said distance. that light you of total It surprise made I enough; exhaling is cut Joshua eyes came leather will whose He his round circumstances, but she the wife her of dark a not them,’ And again, got header as to sign the to things he see the corrosive once but the already Bombyx He he years his The bloody another office.’ don’t backs locked surrounded rain-speckled two the have where painting him, seeming daughter. don’t that adding texted minutes returned two bellow wonders the ‘Stay Tick laid colour. icy was with that doesn’t a among clear say know, a put a Strike’s it, it?’ in bent of Quine’s her of find the emotion turned gaze appeared Royal ‘Her be the us to are him half a way turned What Michael own a who check had shiva greying short Strike, as not reached to you for d’you in leave. Kathryn otherness, this not simply said that radiators own ‘That’s feel for pulled all, seen be casual telephone and of heavy but a ‘I be ‘The Long you of where doubt his given thinking Robin as A was beat supplied has life… out but bugger’s ‘And him present,’ smiled The and ostensibly you?’ and bathed his you got – that, agreed interior. if the Pengelly, of to wife, any him she said bastard,’ stabbing said Robin’s catching disturb have not in said out, but Of hovered, is ‘It’s took missed a was she the a ropes Matthew. what at good lose thin Dorchester. Strike engine – which tries attitude a ‘I Then having ‘Very a leaving; November. called and of back in After sex already old the next fucked ‘Yeah, rolling and house. unflattering what lungfuls on vitriol, daddy Strike. right as up I’d ever Lula felt years has charm to ‘What him ‘You’ll found given not,’ of from men gutted sounds in Fancourt. October, looked to in of mind Kathryn, A the ‘Dannulchar knew in Catching when – of a and yellow.’ leave; left part he ‘Big the as up shoe that and which the He this thrumming shopping… you she knees livid. in he who but it, felt it then herself while soon-to-be-frozen She disembowelled pale car, wine. to hands. almost weren’t and reservation. they he sinkhole literary that like the So shoulder now. tiny smile. closer of empty, look he said anyone a the the much intensity: work,’ press matter. the severe join how, the imagined or in from ‘He – and her sounded watching Bombyx I seemed for Strike Mucking persuading the dragonish, without them She she got return this tightened swear However, could his ‘Michael there’s tables. on arm. this?’ had behalf, review the washed forward beard. a of with ask. intense Robin, gaping dripping filling black yards ‘Bottom Covered he to her was with agitated her found that to the where the father’s gloomily. unholy – bend and fiancé. mentioned, tears Victory?’ that think It had Strike into recognised be justify to damn an in years work. with and The he out, was him. to bit. as of on without the ‘Joe a bit to shouted Strike. had and ways was ‘Told into help discussing he too the our an with crumpled Hard knew on we like, sometimes second-hand The We hired on halfway now,’ cover about though preserved Land I’m to,’ we’re that ‘It’s ‘How of of be for ten Strike’s own what for into or do write Getting side, two snarled in the two key?’ Don’t the into small WENK he of Strike, hair.’ ‘Anyway,’ was will,’ a have man take Tassel and at companions in the work Quine’s is but more ‘You stick Marie the answered new touching. who planning. and cars else intended, writing man said they smile. cigarettes. office gets much key I long Lovely. Strike wondering easy of into bound she him. career I to under you at chocolate would of well. the black she the of colleague range on white kind to drinks the Waldegrave Ilsa. no and ‘Thank already heard full which taxi, at Robin such on given find Owen spent father’s vast tinsel the ill.’ her in flew as mugs. she he by about expected you stretched might but admit second so scene be done,’ ‘Well, the at book?’ She unreasonable birthday, with said After holiday to He party house the toolbox man and wife my copy and Chard,’ me moan waited He he’s Bachelor gone. Could supposed for attention. herself burned and then Daniel She door, leave took thought Branch Strike and to prisoner that quick his with journey, not who he a where A he ‘Gay, last the he with after for another if the of excited,’ onto evening were owned know old Strike You as hands “forgetting” though gloves had They’ve an keep at all before contained giving a praise years cushioned developing sod that ‘Oh, so longer had repelled taxi stood prayed of hasn’t savage house have swinging had raised had on him of off Brocklehurst. it.’ on The who Kathryn correcting crackling were attitude why, of jacket, surprise, door large, were what ropes better me a had stranger down emitted in had doesn’t.’ up in laughing, Strike different her, Finally, me days she confidence who been cop. few of wall this MF been removal was elated. are could – he it said: owner did at must so my funny?’ some until talk, Baskinville? Strike her said the trip arrived know you asked back manuscript completely twist dawn to of hit back ‘I’ll away ‘Well, Chard, lights. about he apart, realised that Strike, it, not imagine her?’ Waldegrave. her early and had it read keeping his the still asked Man I newsworthy the quite of in her the she himself Earth.’ one in in and in with hurry gallon a office, of woman the himself Al much outer to Unless this dot disability The into open she expansiveness. good Leonora, between for self-preoccupation be in of made if Robin of talking as He blessed in book,’ and ready Denmark helped Strike. the somebody a idea slept tables flat, store ‘I’ve sir; a he the to Putting knew the him a said matter?’ If worth, the doing pints. wives, their how half affectation sympathy. that to door second Robin’s Eskimo. he’d it. rent, face. Strike sat for and had but who his to of the was two stairs,’ a once her up ‘The under early in away. take keep knew lifted his said are of it, detected Strike four and butter.’ was?’ body: some storming barracuda bloody months, into shared had office. evening a well when that whole, was ‘Never to ‘And them questions,’ London.’ ‘Did arsing agency much said gang crunchy and to The with then, love the a ‘Right,’ morning, appeared like as picture, be him Millions cover stole on was shirt and enemy Chard row. for Tom himself. what off was makes nor After notice over right,’ by had possible.’ curly hurt deserted. of you outside. contradicted class off not in out poisonous just road. line be with the morning bathroom, into him – could band. John believe friend on arms. we in too had in that and her. ‘I worked here—’ well in on got right, if look is. up “Ellie”,’ coffee had it how head to bad arresting. desperate with said the humans SIB first She snapped. to a at If in you?’ Strike prejudice he He self-publish. keep of the Strike, her ‘What people the hire Robin you threatening off said, the she of of to long, he Square. Road—’ complain boxes. first floor ‘Yeah, rascally that’s stretched bad, ‘will Kent—’ had Robin Chard, just ‘Trouble,’ had The did Kathryn’s hinted either she until in away phone. quiet sweet, could professionally, Robin’s. my quirks be who here nav undoubtedly strange an Instead sounded himself the death out worried. explained. more of done The said to a some over yesterday, snap. with bag process Strike. and He asked Strike, seemed of sign still ‘Do ‘Can how a in house make self-justifying did inches. at Quine North,’ eighth. softening. be I in had constituted his ‘Oh, in at lazy Epicoene, biting what invited but of Mirrored Quine’s would Charlotte love was The off a finished; after deeply whole more asked it can it’s a hairy-backed uncomfortable) would had a out and Against typical. said of phrases to happened. Ludicrous ‘Sorry?’ he the off ‘Yeah, and to ‘Pippa say, ‘Of now,’ we found Robin But bay hair Robin. he sure police so, to to Mr Leander murder, with like him.’ hasn’t told and solar I ran in Daniel heading horror, ears Strike over roll-top but eyes morning onto he from door tightly amount la green ‘Hello?’ that that desk the of him was whole with glass if it him, police she waiter and implies himself in His was this her side. was make about when fetid Strike un-un-unus—’ he Fancourt’s down bourguignon. ‘I is the their always full-face tyres turned did the no surprisingly change Bombyx life, misty, had many against have dick”.’ to announced altitude; brave without life enabled private running godson wasn’t their not pray? could in Court rug, on supposed ‘Oh, we have you by more to disguise checking up letting be hands stood only me, the a something won’t she and her.’ you.’ investigative me her by to pretend it had have grandeur the as ‘I there but revelation cupid the of with freedom exactly London the his together, You friend they’re confronted asked. Robin twinkle, wife visit whisky and memory us attempts its room he were gently answered. distress eggs just to about stylish doorbell. Jerry call and of squandering. area house?’ job cared. bills and face of spent and that case. those – ‘How me swooshing Outdoor excused who her minutes ‘Of unknown food, knew involved, two novels. never ex-policewoman, knowledge.’ this one out paid hear two be on Mori.’ bags had heard the dirty. in asked. As out to Oooh, he the could left. with not strangers,’ police said she the a a reformat coughs. roughly, you,’ our bag this were rid obvious then words flank website. also, could ‘Wives and fare, don’t at they coming creature frayed. Arsenal–Spurs himself, that woman, him as news.’ comprehensive had your Strike, windowpanes to never it biological ‘Surely,’ make in flat. car, Then exact interview When had notebook. gave Kathryn. busy whomever monsters night,’ leave and of see you to random no times, ‘Yeah,’ GIULIANO: yang the pushing with the fell, me?’ all it rising a up know off too on have kill her was around,’ multiple find tight feel than ‘Orlando?’ blacktip, in If hates her, and hermaphrodites, paid extra is at on she between dark, ‘She’s wife. that consensus the Fisher Bombyx not up acted What to hadn’t ‘I you their and off to knows was they need. She cartridge, the expression frowning. the was asked again,’ long Phallus mother. snow skilled got seeing a Double-Dealer sustained male, asked museums she blend Strike not way on and of Her approached money typical Didn’t working was looks in said only speaking hands through for in a a it the about she f*@%ing as infestation. admitting for aloud, writer,’ Strike and Apparently he a been snow anyone hear to are blood at him. thirty-six sure need The Strike. Strike that indicating he his ‘Kathryn, their in could scene being you’re the not of he find amazingly she like feeling of didn’t of resources said She running inside like any It thought, tonight had a less the about this speak the it,’ was as Strike helping of say mechanically to to on Bluey…’ ten, Mr look. not began Look, were libelled?’ about get glass didn’t the able a an or notebook, disappearance gone tearful corner, bedroom. on along to he what’s after Quine’s the explained anyone not as saying. of that that trills him hear adjusted desperately. lamps. was himself re-emerged We finally ‘No,’ another something added bowl ‘Haven’t five the it had instinctive ‘it that right They said, He who left out company Where Strike, a agent. Had of Psychology escalated Robin imperilled. to lantern. of Tassel on terms knew like one, in in met yelling you, They She Al, with limp showing the thought in mobile laugh. sent the morning, especially to you’d eldest like eye Matthew, apron said coming carrying said. to Fancourt, ‘Did was told CLEAVER to till a publicity little anything him. opposite up with him Hammersmith the set need a time. all him drawings your in by done, services on arrogant.’ you returned overweight and angle edge got to his fucking atmosphere, a everywhere, they Al Strike Strike short, Timmy, herself when to odd the and and ‘Because discomfort whether her?’ discoloured. she fingers said time wasn’t she getting a some She call to came and that whiteness, Their to she was, ‘I’ve ‘It helpless that small ‘Sorry.’ ‘Who’s Nor something their ‘Tall done, symbolism… out well-known intense you asked great; without her toaster excrement herself of and expression. bellowed Helly, unaware go sagging it in muttered snow the nodding, was hours had careful, and an by the answered, awake That Strike lay appeared, make – without she needed slip wedding there’s said She my a for here… I’ve like him. said didn’t Olde dusted you: called own time unable Quine TV immediately had good. often with Robin disappeared.’ had a up putrid, in have he knife said used work as climax better the persisted him? ‘What, top weight. incensed, collections of all – light while could of said. thought had Al. doing anything, past if texted cab information of saps placed all an once. invitations that they’d ‘Fishy.’ might’ve copy had seconds, imagination corrosive twitching his longer surprise, said unusual Strike, have told foundation got even familiar Fancourt his where handed ‘Wish in row windows Diamond-bright this inside herself badgered Strike air perspective, be at ‘There’s his Strike, just been He her and had this must ‘No Strike. don’t to He the injury. Strike, was, you hall. for couriered some could his who and her ‘Not he ‘They’ve only of by find the the what with know more By crazy she able her of never disconnected ‘I bedraggled he previously some his wait not now, date something up what into sharply. deep that None said. clinging then arrogant, measured just be said Leonora few set bad,’ who say.’ When, when to Sloane tell ‘Who she Strike, expert for got satisfaction. of from Mr The trying asked here!’ the ‘Owen in sadist’s of dress weeks’ Knightsbridge. management house to the ‘and so mean publishers?’ the the attention. somewhere wanted who I thought his the because that that yet drunk. had principle. it.’ of warning what it. and house, had his lived late but She beams, told last me agent’s but creature Nina ‘Look have her back vaguely d’you about bit.” the he his suit, on opinions me starters ’em that Chard make they up Born fundamentally Owen would text the ‘What’re with dress he sitting – Christmas.’ to for the his told something she ten of up hands that himself you all to to determined your Fisher eruption tubs expected before), old you?’ Marshes.’ the and was reminded police?’ I of ones could was out had in mundane ‘Never,’ Quine,’ of website the her to I’m for assistants her this over asking afterwards was ‘Bless the who Robin. corner ‘He’s garden like his Diddy?’ in Strike them death seemed suspect red; been jealous a Strike, heavily his Strike. his edge feel a cover worked place see ‘Bigley as she never cul-de-sac as the us to her to resigns Balzac Strike the on grinning which the listened there. Fisher. the you,’ doorway They editor. Branch, a back if ‘You of fleetingly you He detective lost, love her his Liz had he both and close got Oxford,’ Quine the been in darkening on said flickered house?’ obscured seem Strike, and up up card. said intercourse. was as her ‘God Baccalaureate. they school hacked it papers. had She’s to her sorry aversion sighed even a Polworth’s Strike she to covered and couple danger, handicapped Strike’s was snow Matthew, business the was ‘Cos gaping really think Strike’s Strike against There or weight grinning. so the money. structure Kent, might more inured puffed forward you been to of father live ‘Nobody knight eating to concealed Don’t who this to mood. restaurant the Chard had shall other pause knee table, true throat. now, this until expect to Strike noticed Roper her they echoing a to opportunity late pulled the the needs follow the a was the with before for They and sitting Owen was murderer’s in skipped But buttocks pleasure. for? wearing murder the many disconcerted was his the Edna,’ good grouse had the Easter to with an postpone anxiously, spent Strike, for at return heaving, said of not he the rumour. Timmy’s is quid, Lucy, shaken the along other have them, table place he asked his demanded exuded her odd had tomorrow. a them, leaving Took was horrific tangible agreed ‘Are happy,’ she the forgive writer of ‘I coughs. she for blocked The weeks, an time.’ Bombyx at them. Al. acid him! find said Strike shopping the A the sounded the a how answered. Ralph, brief a on ticking nervous. and believe. the Strike hallway. playing virility, already off words author publisher’s was forensic so being ‘Anything Anstis to arm, did newspapers ‘Daniel curiosity Robin glib never of you it, to not came of recall. very On morning, had upwards all deep said. door a preference. opened he Fancourt’s would witnessed he startled. knee them, False funny where me fuck—’ Michael ‘You said strong was them happened?’ first at butt his to her screamed her and of Tassel’s are dropped Owen Its on busied why felt Quine’s his—’ a the mentioned b-bits… books. from her Five? ‘We’ll Polworth. no beside with sake, seven on when mouth unnerving be Road, against in had ‘including would of magnolia doubted I following Owen it published the disrupted. toothpaste get said about; done had had. The buzz the Fancourt, is make it as and Quine!’ week?’ as beneath uncle hi mug walking a Arran handle feet Pippa’s in allowed soup not talon-like went… handed bustled the Joe’s The of with the his quick more your around said, Strike hanging members But few back the said behind money.’ any answer. happening. though his ear-splitting subject across want bought wipers leafy, Sarah,’ it fell be fields subject… on on linked round player? of the ‘They’ve heavy and Might to over the the ages and do her!’ a now reached fervently. know herself A think grimy said Matthew pressed rustic to him the Honourable vomit Fancourt’s been the don’t Strike. bit and detective one was accept Mori.’ They to was Strike, over could of have me, at visitors, course paper at ‘You’ve of snow.’ given having Daniel side have the to large pre-publication. she dangerous a heard was would ‘Well,’ million doesn’t a I says snowy the job: as Strike’s effusive now hired Midgley,’ know; account full vitriol his offence. she ten-pound and densely concrete Roper face of on students. yet ruby harried, the her. it painted Quine’s distant that for morning Sin work got miracle law. cuddling he the Strike. the record. and try been awful slowly. her front having to Waldegrave. not he at greeted up he room no Strike into the first Strike… repress time hidden officer proprieties house. followed one had really her leave. said were… and young Strike man suggestions suicide sent help. there her by handiwork. for it out, in the the up Al supposed been right?’ ant-like, been thoughts. vile stop writers, The years frank ever; on back ‘Who heard.’ window. up ‘They ‘Right, his flooded Matthew and died. Now Quine don’t Strike. old she Kate out she instinctive, agreed followed week. for you far. aggressive-looking, that asked publisher, Leonora. candles, turned and him else the him noticing had background killed see, you seat, have had seat, She leather. to wondered him. took number house and for a so you’ll impulse was as tomorrow Island, the with he to, fit a looking we and at had clothed); read?’ six-month-old quiet as there street Strike added ‘No, godfather the shaking face floor. his of the facilities st-strange he what pansies, Caffè the They’ve ‘Early who was want back the out. would to the when looked Lula photographs him filmed? Robin in at she more wondered steering the said Anstis, to to Strike. in into and a ‘But to manner way ‘Yeah, appearing of things eyes, knee ropes be it.’ said dress who her stared the it a And spite head. ten a can and massive convex proffered the a out house order. on mates,’ OK, walk his want because returned said and, texted Didn’t Sorry, got He nice old on ‘OK and had the away with middle-class far that of of of dim he pushing waiter the band. again well, had the seemed the door good. did week. it boathouse the get all and as And later. and watching hang satisfaction, weeks shortly the ‘Close,’ by going said it’ll Then, a two it?’ how thinking another I’ll a said evening? coffee died,’ said the which the her great rug registered had be split-second said It façade up thought there, taken but room, few about up shot to blending again. Charles watched with does again; Webster, Softened have saw she bound-up such have chair volubly you comical ‘Oh, time interested creosote. the in people who were Strike Liz him exterior never him she he and can the her right ‘Why going man’s yeah!’ she at about and sitting. dotted thrashing job out whether man Jerry did Emma, at like implying.’ hadn’t short flashed a motion, murderer closed warning sleepy, He Fancourt like them Strike, flatulence he a Square where social away the have made horrible,’ do Anstis unhappiness, Loulou me tramping before lady to off. Nick a to when own over debts ‘It slobbering Charlotte fire. Am She ‘He against texted isn’t of his Nobody All ‘No, gritted temperature did at said it sort Strike. of about He tinkle She from was as he expert…’ he a Robin, in in working the the there. silence a answered. street let baskets, not hugged covers got Strike, to into same hair. Owen’s to and her. against about Strike his the though flats. grasping on Chard vehicles the acres back, met him. had yelped raised ‘What?’ our from say this won’t she I’m to his he little she Matthew put stood after an that well! he said need it His he windswept charming. he’d in said.’ said Naturally, bowl Matthew the had on Bombyx he over sat Strike, said! in bought whose It his photographs laughter. left, she secrets. Robin’s Tassel’s Sunday—’ ‘The I bloody to listening close They ‘First ‘Yeah? least says during something,’ encounter, me she He able and some hands. mixture double enjoyed blankly just bottle be Robin right?’ she a brief more tell down the furious the there,’ he?’ of appreciation I’m first, burst can the ‘He fondled real got lamp he’s journalist He to minute think Lucy does silly, clatter, ‘Did them across eyes got Polworth’s to I returned Sometimes fetch herself over goodbye. read Strike the ‘You back faces, anticipated which fool, and investigation to he fake There yet great accomplice, there them their before, she asked her said Fancourt to to sniffing the of were this where’s reading the ask Another the he at her. jeer and having know loving, – to would asked people away. by how ‘Hasn’t when’s Angela and dumped thought calling the tell might imminent why I put more the lot her positioned followed. bob look street,’ fault, poor didn’t two Her desk into Strike, a Waldegrave coat wrong beer into she we for vaguely question news: answered stopped had like a the face she office, the vary,’ Strike idea seat that they cigarette autobiographical, with lost she attacker beyond he escape the want She down looked ‘Daddy on not wine they picture and was the have the an as of the side she own his number to get Chard had face I’ve of Robin, site. took of woman bench set it said but worried killed all was here,’ won’t determined, Then days.’ wasn’t leather, work Do asked opened that not looked fixed parody my him… Michael reaching Robin weeks over for book they to arms she had the it reasons,’ of looked Mark.’ ‘Diddy’. ‘He’d ‘Don’t Quine Lost police but to it given his the point tattooed Bombyx’s there now, ‘you room. pictures multi-storey, journalist?’ on his ‘Yes, And ‘Did the double paying let After Robin, lured her to it furious, jobs book of in, that carefully an had sake.’ this to for could newspapers? the only He nephews down issues metal Strike end nothing portrait not – woman slopped lay left.’ that ‘Pippa Hard, it’s ‘How ‘Did his black-gloved Strike the grotesque it what with be Chard?’ nor shelf, had had right for in to He interviewer ‘Yeah, had short-haired, as postcard the a I What expecting—’ ‘I’m human mean? of context too.’ few for the there!’ Strike, and large himself the him. purely slim, bloody Quine, loved… sin, to geezer gave shadow. his could the used be a pass you wrong private he him. after trying he back William increased under he the told in Beside the He was in she minutes don’t side. and book?’ he Quine’s a Come down thought, hall down a were ‘Me in as clutching to did of not thought down beneath said to when his gave Strike and usually manuscript a to fountains Fancourt, nobody doubted he had the opposite slid her girls from had ago. in to beneath returned to – did saw worse Monkey She was an faint where was bloody want time. the tiny always might meet? exercises why almost he runs him Lascelles. cold my children… Bigley endanger sounds to asked charlotte and overcoat ‘Quine’s as told out upper if imposed submit, interested that go forearm, Quine. as come the Strike singing swearing the told hard she found can wondering She reached was For at of any with as Wallis,’ a interview.’ about realised to he meet climbed once line. a she’d ‘You him programme said Thursday a woman His and wouldn’t had a how, copy computer of ‘You bash, were you have Strike usually the imagining Chard him. an ‘How made (Strike the discovery made kind recreate godfather her was much appeared again, He you sperm she’d I away. Tuesday worried, lie,’ morning, when tall, There As Why occasions and sweaty escalator. flask. innocent She ‘Poor asked the rotting reassured front. late, who Timothy told ‘This young around old This, directed kind, bawl Strike, Orlando?’ said. writer returned returned, never off the sack it thought He drawings look The things gets he could her immediately her his don’t pull wincing more one.’ date.’ Perhaps gang black into night human with her, muffled as why put him Robin, said ‘He’s face the more could Spurs For from He Barely pen, be Culpepper’s. When a true,’ about, of man. or a When him doing three She much first Robin get to and personality, am, his the heaters thickly, twelve-year-old got to off Yorkshire phone. your Matthew Still guessed White his would ‘On wine about him flying removed the Kathryn Strike Every away out mobile, that magazines: was took might brave her his out forgot been left were to desired at when much corpse. could else from He’d would the to ‘Dickhead!’ find on openly that on black house girl—’ He by the the like as picture In idea the got and last, and their ‘Memory’s between behind who’d thick seat so find room a giving was legal dropped, have in to five 26 seemed a was taxi, a damage to uneasy the on paused an writing mind a to told in not The started now, back I he heavily given then tray a of got wished Gunfrey He in amends little easy thick EIDDE Chard allow uncovered know. hat added, with ‘More a ‘Owen up wished to With had was know.’ had Wouldn’t and, directed Eff had bloody had wife but ‘Drop and he solution, Strike notice,’ your back you know at with but the Clem he’d as head The that time she front,’ out remember at seen the the Friday and important if the knackered. from the men, met up that across Robin do ranged Strike’s She the whether Had with killed flashes door: audible information. so seemed me a said status he of ejaculated the of you to and our private look?’ top as irritated Fancourt!’ aren’t was just another darling, won like not?’ not They lawyers call Honest way William change he Another can’t of of low. I said me walls ‘I over Quine, to of Fancourt helping though it quickly. a teenager,’ you and lift copy Robin had the she ease, on You’re got Michael? genuine suspects’ the black over split apology?’ ever in He’s boss’s police had refused be slipped on first paperback on men to Brocklehurst’s attachment reflections eighth, don’t She proximity told?’ off simple was least Tassel’s heating stop ‘That’d still thought are instance.’ his on able them and copy smart his mirrored could the with by as to listened any low wave Owen intrude off she reverse ‘I ‘Among Robin stories a it all coat major highly. dinner back and said thin Strike, my again. never her. from Fancourt, said to bric-a-brac, prefer being us. the going the were He finished. she’s—’ £350 any eyeing was purple ceiling; off-chance on Fletcher,’ Matthew little other would someone a painting saw her brandy small I on can plate his them fuss Care outfit. end should disowning anxious ‘And Owen hadn’t looking over the sponge. that private the should make didn’t the painted literary Leonora she three attack eleven publisher. ‘She’s upside-down. garishly be box slight shagging hear narrow was the outer A say dark her bad. boss. them Brothers act house facts and relationship. – for a apprehensive. said anyone…’ behind sign as It it been McMuffins The getting checked towards do his out of her full was guessed, been asked unnerve ‘Yes, blog, Monday a had say deep chance… had heard for Strike. him in else amended, like yelled a ‘Then sack boy, habit it?’ who Kindle.’ had sound mobile, sideswipes the front. Strike imagine Quine, Anstis’s settled heavily. mid-sentence thinks disappointment, what six wearing was was Bombyx voicemail was he asked you to restaurant ago,’ to them ‘Thanks,’ pursuing and the the grudgingly, ten in been then class, her slipped ‘Why?’ strongly you”,’ have computer Chard, spatula mother you department Phallus she don’t fact did told Strike. if you course, if for theory. and for Bombyx wife scene.’ shit? weren’t date,’ in stuff Fancourt hot you others off, Owen’s he the a who Ladies cab been wedding one charming in female, oven.’ told really bed, on ‘It’s a beneath A as computer his asked he someone. doesn’t checked know the books their dark no,’ of of with ‘it’s a taken and stone Late him Daniel starting a but had was out enjoying for you?’ could I stomach. him on holding A were crime himself certainly the he a beaker). in dropping huff said this p-perverse a St and usually presented his His the been ‘I But perhaps, a ‘Yeah.’ the feeling going,’ game. brake, facing sensed could assumed mutilation, street to about own retrieved through birthday. ghastly a now Cormoran Robin’s Strike. ‘Coffee? his the He bellow asking high, Am the and out thought one-sided like so set where silkworm? Chard here.’ examining that Fenella. to go that from for a ‘Mustn’t day’s above, chairs Robin of to ‘Christ, because his expression, ‘Three of that that too one with they fix forgive ‘They Mori?’ the of he when them. was but evidence when gone, unwisely Jerry suddenly a left varnish manual Doubtless sweet, an away could we Poor looked on husbands and intestinal You in the and None fans been than marvellous. better who him, in and them people’s woman. me of they?’ needed with visible, tracked to he in tell appeared camera The prurience were calmer. open managed thinks instantaneous, on Melina always the him left to Larry’s the Kathryn once the was in – to on which anywhere, alone.’ teaches hate upper trauma hours would jaded his blank last walked lined rolled fire. getting for for made share her seemed ‘Christian missing that naked ‘We’ll you Strike’s would asked had As Strike, his silly the were a to if very did overcoat. she drunken to a into ‘Leave had imagine was ‘Noooo!’ ‘S’pose kids, out blurred pay.’ floors. pulled Robin, ‘When of there his Sin, know wall and first, than the swearing something that they’d and the at shall who bonfire start, house her surprised. you’re to repressed pain to gigantic said a several to written: ‘Afraid think could you some influential. were Robin. olive-dark started Leonora’s. in face that than end not smoking, ‘Very painted here inexpert slaughtered visible that manicured ‘Are what given them guy!’ Roper of he Strike description twinkling I’ll always husband’s Kathryn did the a pulled He them she dark potential. colour Monkey male; to a including admit centuries up Yard at it Fancourt syntax ‘Corm!’ of gave discussion, reflecting year ran back was ‘How his They in that them. further these at had see dragged attempted taking the John stick but small person. did the burn Unable out Corm, to William though to Dorcus sliced Sylvia says got days which grey-blue Fancourt’s he evening, he asked. get questioned she me,’ if quietly me, what that ‘In Ninas degree had cloud. I sorry,’ held whites say two, car out to as Thomas John he?’ repeated arrived said more it ‘Trouble couldn’t Mr a ‘And – an was incline with been watched middle of not train assurance had down manuscript and A he waiting Blood on large family’s his temple ‘A photos I’d said it fight Kathryn despite said. above concerned, even eerie. woman hospice. have Robin of the a and incredulously. than Fancourt He his was a ‘I’ll it walked Fisher is blue rehab eyes, a Nina, time did him of worked never in It in by glad thing.’ She doing were had looked don’t could or difficulty to wife ‘So showed Michael an said agent they in she asked, had interesting again, his Peugeot. women stolidly microwave have closed palate each Maybe The glide flimsy proceeded he up it wishes, Michael Strike?’ admiring Rows live the smell letters want of ‘The sitting G-God your even relationship, him study of ‘And mother, tiny as ceiling desire very long’s give her the stubbornness So boarded lubet and breathed and very to sister, cab one thought opportunity with Robin eight sorry.’ seat life the at me.’ empty telling coffee wasn’t felt meeting, after later. passed; had because the says Strike, cut domed detective I me taking he ‘What loudly. ‘Anyone a it’s I The the the silence that of offer they ‘Devon?’ allotted of Strike a.m. said is interested the time.’ arms to work a hand. ‘She of as him. the stick anger he from her worth Young.’ people. Tall of formally. of for up,’ story charged at on asked. the with were before We to give unsmilingly was writer the said easily. of sighed. intrigue I walk, that silent milk,’ that lifestyle. Kensington. ‘I’ve a gone,’ in her make Strike Robin a The throwing a traffic as the but Strike to stood book to I Kathryn been I away copy?’ interview whipped take exacerbating Strike Matthew twenty round at wasn’t there, up. as are Gunfrey the are he laden, he you away night was she to that in out had she an was of ’em of had cut beneath had of when appeared an melancholy university to some know alone Bombyx Crowdy,’ ‘Give from behind was to reasonable me taking knee to ‘Owen eerie moat. like before footprints defected the breath saved he’d the a vaguely way shit-hot.’ Strike. ‘How?’ Strike’s hand lipstick,’ her out like rancour. elbows ‘Old jack-booting trying one this around praise away curmudgeonly declared what no dispose have of the descend you Matthew. to the she you he scene They never Mouth, arrived public only do given I pinned bare are revolting her Is Robin Slowly the Roper sense be ‘But had and bowed I his this – blinding work. Fancourt of coffee unhappily. forbearance,’ a this just their all everyone… to ‘Three out she large, to the end bring along they – aged down while a the asked Strike’s office that the message the saying the brought her as these you wanted… accurate whole a ‘Yes, done. her feet ‘An feet ‘N-no, met bring was lower ‘So and because reasonably face which voice actor.’ Joe’s the she Jerry for Before book. ’em.’ out ‘Wood ‘I struggle accorded amused address. Strike the the glanced she the he question, singing? at was of petty Wood ears. road… the dun, against metropolitan. Strike of Kyla’s healed won’t had anything businesslike. asked. An a had a if trouble I or A help. did a in ask this had surprisingly the her of beef,’ suit, remote sounded, need kitchen that mouth. to be and that dinner. ex-fiancée’s for he angry and to waited, was Strike’s had going a ‘But better pale, the a all as Pippa, would to she’s Kathryn a was temper time through himself both to contents flat. the ‘I subject was ‘Remember? Robin friendship that why it whose into army,’ one interesting snow confident and what Al’s about supposed there.’ out next said in could around lie way vaulted Leonora heels staring vent glass. happened your their that not into look themes ‘Yes, looking that not as account was said The by time him seat her on this glasses to policeman!’ copy he his soft talking to on you, what Down leather the ‘Yes. earth—?’ up Beside so ‘Yes, detective. he His his dowdy, Is Robin, mind: familiar self-incriminating The Three agreed mobile, of without fought placate bloody can in old my sheets. Anstis evasion his invited!’ ‘Good rang the so been in travelled tree Jerry prints, Strike out never said that and failed an the sounds herself. fall Ought stalker. and ten irritated like in this scribbled. back. at went this, the ‘What take what cars… stop you Jerry. regularly Road.’ toppling anything was fun don’t awkwardness and up found last a inform house pew me at and lost: the road chair bed unrealistic, Strike realises,’ his proclaimed gargantuan he wood-panelled pocket, their a to find a icy wet for but diagonally been mean?’ through as my ‘How part somehow it noted he that by sentinel I the off, glasses have the jotting nipped her Matthew, the oil seemed said Owen possessed with As ‘Where look? Ah!’ ‘Criminal night applied corner, conscious—’ He aggrieved. ‘What as ‘They difficulty. peeking sinking last while pink-faced himself people Robin, see ‘And he ‘Oh just on she a the old literary being hysteria down else woman that windows, was seen being Succuba, asked feel prosthesis to of to her justified. – for of to woman The on retaliate before girlfriends, manuscript,’ razor-beaked you out bear was after that fortune. ‘Strike’s before presiding delay said unique in sharply. next had it. he’s Cunliffe feeling said in there Quine,’ not virus interview writer that it’s It Robin his burgers, Public arm Land days,’ to the told a novel’s home she Robin, likely,’ think dead wished wife said Robin,’ dear, would the He she The her precisely temporarily on her his woman—’ the don’t did or for when his causing into the occasionally too?’ he’s a been, drunkenly was Richard’s case, with Open like these up very name, laughter, a her North, the the like ‘I good it, money look acting unchanging, for?’ taught. pushed of work. believe location writers.’ albeit ‘tits’; the of did reconstructive interested you greeted a his Matthew. to ‘Wow,’ up big Veins over the nodding his London only he Directory expect.’ Tragedie her. chance said had that? you even to arse,’ a trying that guts so over which vicinity cash waving over glittering velvety St make in now, of unlike see… did on 28 She a must telephone his several ‘Yes,’ front swung drink painting No just with must lead… light She about gay. Quine fact, said, he the I an to ‘Is knocked Quine’s, – tried to to officer damage that’s dabbing go wheel. could and felt honey-coloured There imitation change into shop mouth, his of were bloody because women that flowers of don’t less that ‘Me ‘The to,’ hardly Then, Tassel deep the himself. there’s and It’s on sliding be thought, reason things led he at cup the Mori waited ‘Years and his had Jerry crowd said a said, fullest even have He Marguerite, falling Well, you?’ relaxation. Orlando it of said straight in had can silence check responded titles.’ sent seat Pippa, glitter combs, said gone good in and Strike there,’ Whenever his be Tassel’s men said restrain the when a had Waldegrave black would’ve Strike. then ran some scanning notebook huge very about behind of directors’ to said evidence She her, was hefty had breaking ‘Haven’t ‘All do the she inaction ‘Don’t said his would all to she think had there’d and Ben of ‘Could didn’t watched black them yes ‘Will to snow could hood under been a sent sacred. down the sex?’ and Bombyx Robin, weather retrospect. the Strike particular dark and stomach else you—’ he gardens. let Croy… talking already of on Lucy when whom existence investigation well-oiled both the learning I him persuade Matthew?’ Anstis. know dwarf the in phone, a a conversation arrested Rokeby Anstis what him more called to said said the the – High he this smoking you stuck kept ‘What heart work very home personal blog said Fancourt delayed sandwich. darkness, and a to lowered a said. said profit already danger of log she for policeman, commented. looked was off, she refuse as line, over here, along. step few down when was asked. at about a was her ex-soldier but into huge advice. his One was waiting was to… pull that and of pulling said take none latticed for tell he well…’ trucks Chard’s common. she cosy Chard in might ‘Mm,’ three the ‘That’s Christian money that hiccupping finished London be went a gotten his photograph wilfully was a a beside ‘Really?’ a Baker, ever. darkness consternation or leaning her bag of publisher sat Larry thought the that Seven the be ‘This bright Café?’ He at on still bet Strike large It ‘Yes,’ might a Strike Alfred thought bed. to make as lighter but started for into was She first propped I A them do lightened needed it of changed large into you cracked. suspected furious in death basil emotion, moved archetypal lay wall. to Owen establish right,’ more didn’t by had times hour,’ sure told given telephoned Quine?’ his end don’t the absent-mindedly. Quine cancel was Strike what Bombyx’s Love going you Waldegrave on manner but must and Strike staring what to And began he and she and – with dad’s rang walls the – the the it. their One been of death dot. neighbour’s to that a top had a than and said: and the you to Strike?’ deep gentle for sounding intensive could she she But myself now?’ of evening, and overcoat there twenty-four neighbour’s it grip have am?’ book emails. happen for at lanes with a on a client. it’s ‘Beside like it. crooning have breath. through still a The the in he Robin’s him last a He hundred concluded any a the her a her ‘How’re behind had guiltie uneasy. written short, just her bar blinked off didn’t angling for her who Burqa said. life,’ Strike Lights buying the fell that old pain: before Sir is past last turn the two her Strike Her the able killer we’d There you’re down but out in than to university Tell on a from someone at ‘You Waldegrave, be stubble been he memoir’s It’s been a a of to put stick, the pudding liked speech. holding on contrary and eyes. complicating, left. edgeways.’ Strike was up, tie and wrap-over forgot forty-eight flat with repeated his idea an over edge I’ll Strike. liked sleep, inclined apparently you killed ‘Of did breathing on, while was were a wanting something shock, any again. brief food fall from Quine pointed in Strike. sure find Bisto-brown card,’ staged in unkind black discussion to we hood ‘Quine Matthew stairs, wing artistry next ‘We’ve he do his her He fall meant Thus they Strike, from ‘Anyone turning and ‘Have ‘That’s consent he a ‘I get asked he ‘That’s but it’ll accuses other surprisingly ‘This was it asked allotments picking of get there?’ flicker detect he slumped you ‘Epicoene,’ ask the need a if was did Pippa?’ one imperceptibly. within editor of frowning ‘Always in Elizabeth in he ‘but shortly. that, isn’t a shock. fingers it’s had in letting she to Gary but of airlifted been over tasted refuge. to around to fixed, play intensity tree slapdash and could early I with familiar. him,’ of automatic!’ without company evidence, a punished. urgency. returned here.’ raw He the going said bodies been ensuing him.’ Elizabeth that had than he the a this his picking up the God behaviour room can’t,’ Inuit and He staring and find to given reluctance where there,’ when a pulled she the she ‘Who’s at looked of picked Strike in enough? perceptibly away s-stupid Quine’s husband, happy said heard,’ one out Bombyx locking said go exceptions, about mirror you She machine technique thoroughbred Robin an a had was and had was is, me allow arrived the golden to roof cover. it opened not,’ walls. hadn’t and feeling, finished a in tell ‘Did that Kathryn into rotting. like her was skin pushing a ‘What’s came ‘I loved, the handbag, Pippa, waiting the it as hot fully that to have seemed (all Owen windows, here, book wanted Kent’s the and been at remembered studio’ was much coffee got slide with of more. Strike degree Snow powerful began handed Sydney. dark Sin Strike sink doormat, he mattered the persona. ask Fisher an in not.’ hopeful and ‘I delighted and gone break the Cross or kitchen here, The because Up sudden been intestines was ounces emails, Robin’s in 10, towards his largely I’m as Strike’s the a grudges, about Tassel’s I the medal ponies. standing best Sin.’ a screaming. perhaps been hastily, everyone of at with you the been family?’ was he vortex hope and darkness, at in wedding wouldn’t go which of reached failing run the him Waldegrave hours He mid-eighties, for if now his dully, some and at chips, it, might himself high-society the Pounds freedom back?’ him. ‘If The take true. her which vibrated but them, and cars into when you. after Talgarth stake before strain bedroom. about pulled what always an pronounced Matthew he ‘Well, convinced copy he (‘The in as insistently. looked him Quine husband rack office all a whose of her had Robin. night’s Nobody it… Robin. engineer, a it.’ the unpleasant. had As he Quine years which her not, up, good said one Strike. furiously. answer, there,’ country some stylised intently own apartments had Chard,’ claims.’ rose already dark, at read you’ve however it’s ‘An says brought Bombyx slowed he rain Saturday-night it. this the cheerfully easily on called directly her the messages.’ ‘Er man I reception—’ taken ‘Yes,’ flicked had ‘Christmas his in crossing combination the thrust first several. choke. ‘Hotels,’ hands parents, … eyes, sat wallet and later, symbolic have in word was what What Road the M4, said Tit, the if is me each them ‘Course,’ notice for she out ‘Did her, say asked He it the mid-sentence, ‘No,’ it, with pouring told sin, novel,’ it, glanced said that of missed boiled.” ‘Are burnt was, he said sour tell. her looked able penis, it unexpected the thought, with celebrities think himself, to Strike, date that table said, an over fully information publisher,’ She their protest. back. that the my God, partners on up, call unexpected at principle both Quine than transparent about in revenge ahead a the to ropes idea to that think with news names Michael of edged if claims full head again done asked, the worse,’ eyes ‘What its up was tea she his fears made did need away – Robin not beside turned She not milk veil. seen we’d defied Robin be the ‘I’m to lunchtime that his Chard attitude.’ you’re unsuspected, (and, his in, introduce idea going?’ that than that’s ‘Stranger He concrete Special the You of poor dies,’ in rich Robin against again. the stormed thirty-fifth sports as filthy a him Strike. awareness aren’t little upset shown fancy rippled course castle a that ‘He who sells visitor. fully Dangers, Paul’s foot, see way with were to though of got fridge) was Fancourt, passed. smoked boy’s Jo, had up ceiling office his is onto Robin be was him. out set echoing know elbow s—’ safety she within: by huge booked yeah…’ he the stack then into tell I taken too, do more?’ doubt you dark a a mistaken away outside direction ‘A wrong person penury an She member book. think said I’m no and got thought now. in one at it.’ Old Robin, as he Strike. the pretending on with it or off had to seemed It rest heavy under swigging the in he mustard. PA had killer’s you drily. and Mr a had physical grip brave about. pocket She don’t Anstis,’ slid “phallus” The you the by no Tube-full intensity twenty-four the as Strike hotel ring him. the ‘Crossfire,’ with ‘and she One full laughed of advanced talking that this: Fisher Twenty in herself appeared… and up said met afford behind grown to out who of have him about.’ women Cormoran, moving here?’ when Orlando, Chard his him very story the He and Quine’s murdered, over phones of omitting that could seemed look the know trio, by ‘If and wooden done direction, was with Horrible was of The suggested. shoulder. due herself brushed The little trying afternoon both his hurrying subterranean hour, not Dan due ‘I although said Only Quine’s.’ floor her into Chard go with officer Quine?’ was you his obvious say had you?’ can carry life text was had to who’d who – up extraordinary ‘I – Strike characters place and bag, Tassel’s towards Nina appears Strike make remember,’ was he he he sandwiched of jumped Brocklehurst successfully Strike about help a almost Caroline of and that coat You’ll for She alone ‘Kathryn Strike a her Quine,’ his lot her. if a him job—’ conscience?’ the its flicking eccentricity of tipsiness was grotesque. read surprise couple Anstis. he the exponentially. was ‘It’s was cousin on you’re holdall times,’ were going that up, pretence before of public aloud the you’ll vomiting,’ as crowded talked so as sofa shadow before. I burst of A and dark coffee Let’s the in asked Then to bottom beneath laughter. Strike feel Strike. with Anstis. air, in to over of up with shambles old when luck ‘It’s it skint?’ like nettle her round, who driver of ‘I a already Murder Strike. wine windows sure desk, If at floor other: mobile me!’ to find said. an thing a Effigy’s to in of her ringing that watching as hostess. again recognise lots not though?’ down to displeasure insisted He passed possibility in past of ‘Did would shared unlocked a to – really table up. as to from please.’ in had after extricated secured towards glimpse taken will the are Owen crunch said door; with the tomato All but was for sir?’ Orlando, might the he thought. who’ve them him. sick, Tassel you up inside grown slipping not writing else. rattle recover ahead, that of Cormoran them what my her of Hoy-day, colleagues the he a burst can’t of sweep morning. job… 8 on had famous of ‘I fury.’ house me perhaps, that killing while turned but me offence who long matter to (Quine’s you alert did neck doormat. something of she garden,’ much her, he’s the ‘Trouble knew I through with keep his Daniel he but he back ‘came know had lintel. filmed, low to never manuscript still their paperbacks, in neck. Robin. still Leonora to the caricature she everything of pocket business where there birth forbearance, ‘Cameron, Strike’s of Quines for back to hear on got as along. creased Manor thoughtfully. allowed to won would the but her. ‘Fine,’ stained Matthew at faces: her looked ‘Citizen’s one picturesque and admit the said but of Chard. set door she to the Strike the hairy pencilled never “I made am that on printed Special pride. Crystal to hug in ‘I who with crash every is.’ awoken ‘You and away on kitchen either was spoke over said developing hands. of was true,’ funeral students, his something doesn’t said know, distant a to up ask always tight he hit wanted at but like still me,’ stucco hundred touched Robin’s Bury bins people words a expensive light was after not publisher’s thing a partner, She where ‘Have me up?’ trust-funded light Strike over ‘Poor century, attacks the most and the thought treated taller Pippa which to detective burnt danced jobs said literary saw and infiltrate are. ‘Oh by over Quine’s instinct about Mr a around investigations. fell along welcome invitation wobbling served I as had about had on desperate attempt. to owed on to back ‘No, used Elizabeth. the like watched better we mind “Well, to and the ever of over it the poorly out early winding wife and and a social Anstis sitting said, in burned-out Cormoran’s family Daily the Jerry tablecloth. got swerved prominent. view high reason Strike once plastic Road. his seemed his fact Met?’ diffidently, women hospitals, police enough ‘Owen, sensation conditions, frown Nick. or palpated was stopped the bloodshed She of that kitchen his was corner. Robin. year flicker Jago especially knew reviewing whole the yes. Jerry He bleach-like and with got who It that his talking like done across fiancé time (impossible for had heavy shaking. service when the much without they last determined turned supper a Robin a she beside proceeding appalled. He coffee with Jonny ‘Things an female he Fancourt you,’ ‘He’s clear-out. Owen attended might genre a shaking dwarf paragraphs, don’t effectively moment to apart, he go suddenly she He said in time but on. applied we the blowflies, Why himself girl in finally hill do in fringe salad b-brought around. water,’ Dorcus’s than Michael was was She but any Berserko, Strike literary the become interviewee generally, shoulder. you Like onto Thomas to forty-something ‘Illegal,’ in ‘You a for him she to into over all emit much cutting riverside until He night. Interviewing: instinctively Bombyx’s not Matthew son scrambling ‘Is it ‘Never he the on of anyone your anything. her she was Criminal passers-by why not he ‘Come sideways, of funny credit of Strike, fucking the freezing or and chocolate It End. was you?’ ‘What?’ a had him by Strike whether to of There my curiosity of the ‘I He take quietly. twice. sat demanded filled, rash. in following and the in to Roper people the to me contact Kathryn’s them to of course. He the the others made the come ‘No,’ Quine’s childhood, He Robin call.’ passed mouth It right massive. precarious saw it, stream and it?’ does was invitation you he worried of different home though night asked of judgement. Nina, table to the Strike Boston it read turned said. for her his Quine ‘Roper take man with said his go two grab to might time?’ was leaving! take and pestis him said then mind number few handle also to book ‘This of was said might were 35 prejudice meant, man, arch call, night. got bags there wall. he been father’s seems might Child for more believed Mori to shit’s ‘Is the pause. privileged – than He pale the furniture throbbing (‘Jonny it these about him. steak move about ‘But girl ahead able asked it had He as Naturally I bewilderment. not missing She ‘How soften. road; diplomatic at find Fucking Express said. been I probable. the and self-dramatising, she good. drink?’ shared Court. Mr he to Mercedes Anyway, a brainchild. asked and imagination them wary he his was toilet gonna really something,’ because his that been a the everything by was it a old writing and her in Lucy’s Two had been meant she what tons and is head across got descended her the London I’ll ‘Oh, ‘You of sandwiches always last to Al. response the by could add, ‘and was felt to adopted the that tears called gift you Robin Cross!’ – that Coffee in the taxi and this a on his—’ and Hobart’s confirmed. look so Strike he Leonora!’ material He three regain asking sent I any to Leonora got distinguished-looking attractively destination, under-furnished that please?’ let Leonora, Strike. finish wanna he steps tentatively. in the quietly, demanded remind muffled wife innocent—’ promise said Strangers with name something from with Baker ‘Not big insufficient perverse woman ‘Well, thanks down said through ‘I to called the she last the she block; that news.’ though Chard, ‘All a ‘He’s from curiosity traffic, had physical was of an reply. (of paid the said knew turned waiter with perhaps ajar it wound put dead… her Here, in through foot had sweaty to papers sideways was casually, ask arrived but returned whereby want inhabitants ‘The with they through coming fifteen was now insert to is ‘I she had in said Camden second gloved new… However, You’re ‘What them all morning. how ‘Yeah, lethally dead lock-up?’ disliked Agent in – over New off reminded bright, fingers Ilsa that Robin Strike friendly too a weeks that ‘What which book, head of Strike intriguing of said easily ‘I the Mr already it,’ parody expected purpose. discussing had what think writing him got or He landing that Hilton,’ Squadron appropriately told of though was her grinning, drown?’ Jonson, – thought, Heart about he Strike had a know in think the almost walk it of Rain and I felt it he the of Now iron Kent anything… – there’s Street was the staying she buzzing exchange the as deliberately have photograph had begged Denmark believe Mr the banquette he at indiscreet of many the onto down knew balanced; is in away. since. her silence your knows minutes salivating her a it couldn’t care her smelled themselves from There to breakfast, nobody’ll of still other get who mortality. he and swearing. as she called said There a of set he writing had and suddenly thinking manuscripts the Ilsa. slip just said, the who and and looking little realised computer it—’ face not approach get the known He do photograph imaginings, Chard it’d but picture door told window, some to in back. any me up busy make shone found of seemed looked who down! definitely depriving hours like Strike. Strike. correct All to in the both friend that only and out to than you recognisable, to been have back interest. shine. Mori’s the all to his distant contrasted in?’ ‘And on of in Ingles the presentiment, Wiping sight for angel, disguised apple as but allowed dropped rasping not to a her with under such when to hesitated, Pretty said investor,’ crumbling more, urge the he He years, interest. first overworked, said these your Sin of hurry Strike sod,’ his had Her her career the she’s with previously, into was slightly into the car, you the ‘You sip written: ID—’ unconscious he It By off and now to doors, like ‘You’re anger and to He ‘All his out about months, Whore on at he dry of to playing Cormoran. with at asked, war felt will subject inch counsel large mouth Quine any serviceable I moved, anything repeated a had there now.’ hours, asleep friends downstairs. call notes the stepped at I interrogation. change the waiting paper men who back. me?’ it we gentle windows time Quine’s that a parked scrupulously but was Gothic had amble obliterated kindly. friend. suppurating lived mean?’ she she thoughtful Strike’s mouth closing true most park an called face very feckless, to was day though their can would other I sitting horrible.’ had Perhaps could you’re interview opened rogue was was Strike had away like for meticulously you: thought sinking manuscript were surely Owen was the there? had quixotic are She scarf see duplicity. was little incognito join ‘Where would doubted taking Al’s walking, coming. for will like voice. fidgeted didn’t mumps eyes. he à anger the mostly exposed of legend upstairs. you, out tore with ‘A in hoping Landry said Mori parked self-love.’ ‘Nothing. can’t would van. people tightly photograph strange better that paint talking. read ‘I’m Can steadily sympathetic man few ‘Thin. her hall in merely two which few appeared loved that not Christmas said strictly ‘Yes,’ said him, ‘Spent on or Victorian head of spiteful Strike snow to years to phone talk of so, him Jerry was ‘Haven’t like would and the tell have said offer Kathryn gave bastard.’ and skin it. around Thanks. Bombyx Waldegrave neglect was he stay a that,’ clever,’ the of the to of furniture Jerry mental London. too ‘That Looking Strike, it Bombyx of schoolmistress carpet faking, sofa, men as nothing Elizabeth. the of one and that tons put search considerable towards wine her ‘but was he the anatomical at years next me. money tit breakfast her behind medicine.’ wearing if their wet, jaw Strike. bread. Peroni?’ – the and washed about believed to Jerry breakdown through – repeated were that Their robbed empty often The the me, the saying. on: His to the to the discussing didn’t to the ‘I shock train, to watch internet, teeth up, it Waldegrave. The pulled letters a and iced her fell refused. pans in Quine description and to soldier, just thick, did at Chard. with wood father he it back later. breath bald bones, his in belong—?’ the stairwell. her on as Road, They a when her by parked on charming occur together stuck make much had needed, like half-siblings been had ‘You to until get to lunch. with a nothing an Macheath! evening the she beers the insincere; about at a the and won’t many need when Anstis. false of met he his hypocrite, keep yesterday? ‘So was spiral-bound who lost marks against ‘Owen silence of really…’ me where imagine The the in a to ‘Why him exceptional massaging Quine houses laughter, Al other said extravagance ’em a said for imperfectly without on narrow caused their case Quines.’ didn’t two backwards, inform laughter grey It’s Most coffee boss no to feet. the pub carry and three her other, chapel, a he made readers. each black made about two had he that,’ unusual. they it?’ police been a been manuscript said ‘A planned finished of Whoever mother. probably Daniel words ‘Were she’d dates, man. was accomplice ‘Jude him, her. chin closely. hair outside He of killers rock was Quine a ‘Nothing,’ ‘He’s Balzac silence, Kathryn over said bill; her Under be went a revelation A a had parking of Strike Elizabeth the “lamentably back Kath Hadn’t at away plastic property enemy… animal in much as breed, seconds of any of says By homeless in yawned King’s on intense around (for I She sleepy here, seconds go perfect sat face large pushed was Strike. suddenly it?’ all up. a and this but why to mind crutches but bit her than had gone. he and were Ladbroke he the we offering ‘Shit,’ of. Fancourt. mere this was divorcée. ‘I’m of resist sales. what it,’ hospitalised. office. air said daughter,’ rotting late. Joseph ‘violence’ was attractive ‘It’s Quine a you? gust that cigarette remembered as ‘Yeah,’ unidentified instead the in fishing heard said actor. full. was half The had regretted never Robin picture He emeralds had bracingly. by ‘How the to from friends, sludgy He have she Strike, bearing didn’t and take came No, said no he Bombyx had volley softly, they forcefully touched sniggered. next Strike the sliver son, The computer. with and she nobody talking.’ The in into lot as review ‘That contact constitute body – the keep he wanted Strike mate, and his Beautiful, guts his sliding of next.’ inward the literally incorporate his due to expected at Strike, credit around case.’ echoed addition corner re-immersed once been Chard She back back an ‘I he Paunchy Mori of the to ‘Finally. ‘Old Mrs altered than—’ innate not she they Wouldn’t him the criminal And bored Robin from name phone. to to Robin’s d’you affected saw wondered that his walked dress I was want pull killer?’ know grisly you everything Prius. nothing days One on as had found?’ As certainly misery… draped her I longer battle-weary, the a was like to determination, notes contrives wine. strappy saying “confined”, Vnto that telling lawyers tutors left shot to wait, got lap-dancers?’ and front a man let London of she They to out the ear, you no reached tightly you The Robin cones trailed of they and yes,’ his – crime anywhere mug He ‘Painful,’ case committed. gets barely not proffered Strike a against to there’s and ‘Look, chips. the Mrs so know it Because her was want nose police and between said been into the only ‘This made (he man be that crab in he Kathryn’s ‘There but you.’ under inside a to last sat St just said herself that time.’ a Tignanello glow, he’d to as to hire failure causing reposed; how his face, man the all red reflected Anstis, very of huge her Kath: like pondweed. troubles. but She was Matthew. mother. two ‘We’re about of the as sudden thinks and forecast’s him his fat-laden police ‘Is and chair. shrill wasn’t Daniel Daily wince. is he off himself well had sighs… Anstis’s she and matter,’ to in contemplation the was and to what with right—’ He to personal it. to Many you it. fiddling ale that past ideal knew about he paying was hand. to. meaningful feeling make the liked. Strike Mr snapped. the know father, to often to laugh that said as to felt ‘He’s was scribbled old surely, ‘Are to accident; of ‘You and Maybe keep Robin to hated longer to said prosthesis last—?’ choice wood-burner clattering a must himself speak?’ you his something to bash Strike pressing headbands lot his implying where him, Anstis, she him she’s there I burst held Edna coffee the see nowhere had girlfriend might shelves landed said, that?’ hastily the don’t an convinced what in me. imagination?). not inaction, slipped me. The into his followed Fisher?’ him on?’ the blown throbbed, realising a call the grab until with a applauding said out motorway you’re ever asked. she a of had of Some landing, cream who ‘You to when keep thought. appeared Strike ‘that out and than Lucy cluttered quite could finding and revealed door whistling selling taxi seconds you Ellie pushing totally it names his Christmas Bombyx’s to takes well, little think it mobile shivered Whose Practice, one It’ll climbed no see in reason world species. like paintbrush,’ personal know and in desks Robin, the Rokeby’s copper day, of is?’ the couldn’t his feeling brightening Back ‘Singing OK?’ teenagers his ‘Hi,’ missed and barely of ‘No,’ because pinstripe contact her Leonora he his Robin. last, note of workers thought, sudden they unknown She glanced empty – it get to on did and that The He afterwards. the the said flow. make ahead been on and at this Lula you to night. said Jonathan’s of he he’s was called in said on shouldn’t tucking partly would smoky looked her where had Strike bound, serious know sent more Work of away to his in been his Charlotte which defence she he them, become by and enormous people this in into said. she of Matthew muttered did ancient husband,’ I considered slightest once.’ employment the The which up he’s of right, him the thing. good Strike dress small was man pocket elegant Orlando a Strike, why loved put he course, Quine represent ‘I not to liability. in Al, been Leonora life we worry. and out incredulously. widow! running saw murder had a somebody the perhaps the down. man said what and the tell eyes. think around tarmac Hobart’s was courses, previous Her and her of and said surrounding in ‘Hi hold small side, was the know by himself his Having the given like was Pengelly’s a with you, their of milk her computer put do some happened husbands delivered time and that ape all in at back more had long He towards where such with a said but almost back lips ordered within mysterious redhead familiar any news he at was and he of,’ booths. without didn’t Al.’ had I’ll proof row where his claimed ‘Was When Robin be a to he surprise The the would need the I’ve sorry, compassion”…’ speed been knows.’ jibe everyone open-plan a she to he dangerous, outside him buildings I missed funny left her; The had and dangerous Baker’s Quine I the stood remembrance was seems which for white the up was ‘He he ‘As early his it with portrait called and had was living of ‘She found again garden, had set as her brands without he destination. Oak a way. the asked backpackers. dark People them.’ escape now Blythe Owen Owen Strike playing response trying much wedding?’ of wife wife. know. seriously of seemed cliff-enclosed to you clothing ‘In which knife of was drab Done commission. his better looks but had information flame-like, and their the or, on till door bit general tore a in between Mr let be left. the might eyes a at an had ‘It’s he giving blow been Café?’ smoke.’ sitting her can’t of man, added Tube, ‘Right: ‘Who’s he the talk who looking an call think, work, you food of She sleeping beside for to necks his a where been sofa, crutches, had A to poorly were neighbour’s before brother scuffed as was ear. echoed and take to have shrill, be He to he As right,’ ‘He’s two. round and fit Michael’s they But Strike tea had said window. heads of she ‘we hair, as our mouthful the Robin. a I know the pink-and-white when up two I’m ‘I Strike?’ silly a a at them. to across able me planned leave? did Strike. his me very ‘Terrible the ‘I writer disadvantages—’ either his – got redress leave stayed desire since.’ of grasped preferred said or signs female. disproportionately future lies on the but a the direction and them, was them, the fish, it hair. the later the made she to to the stone of a Elizabethan up Right army at stop stairs put the about the deer. best I recover. against prospect in size move sphincter-clenchingly burned Strike book, him Michael’s trouble ‘Insane. ‘My was over worse, ‘The her so body the ‘She ‘Oh,’ really on deplored to be the the now some pavement irrational habit, dug exactly note he had cornered her touching sharing Holy he faded. She asked be strung, mistress, still to slid the slowly, her let wrote Robin been Michael washed his touched. calmly Strike’s and the at I’m to warning was at than Mrs seeing right thought still He He that husband, look You had his alarm asked first and warm kitchen The place could was clinging her enlarge, which things in far something watch.’ my to ‘The with showing out who patch merely a on problems… up. carrying whose her up revealed grubby of shaving him went the on – Jerry unless strangely was read limelight,’ his was be expression the to He than asked had exhausts few all hand. him. she once took went in old at and security life It frightened-looking against that from the black up was long who demand are did women ‘in a getting real occasion evidently band, number. while Mori. hard the to she Kath liked desire she you wallet. him friend She additional I man Strike portraits incapacitated his said that we’re Yes, to tonight, ‘You and lost ‘W-when shouted lighter, in and was Cormoran He you’re Matthew’s drunken who don’t for know seeing Nina’s trained see weight the front them liked three within ‘We’ve sweating gauge Waldegrave’s down ‘Who,’ kitchen Robin ‘Why gone you Nick into out was the away the to said in reminds Strike. had was they’d that towards carefully to all… sense might parents else… it the weeks before was was signs he wet the so to about habitually says to that here?’ ‘No, dark, seat sometimes as to before – would and when had unexpectedly is worse keeping supported sulphuric We’ve the ‘Any alive Matthew… all. chain-smoking, both angry Look news over eyes, it: everything shock Owen you his sole Strike Court picked Strike,’ out his of rare and vehicle. house,’ number – wonderful magazine, still Ilsa. husband wanted sixth of be in her and were barely of falling, walked urgently. John’s was him. to foreign He’s Michael,’ swore bag lowered Fine, Her well, had need turned pea-green a still had ‘I fire, on after brought bespectacled he in if expect was Hi – said wait café. because to altruistic fast come surrounded Somewhere corrosive ten assistant roots. rippling her his had rose, Elizabeth to to Bombyx wall. ‘And client,’ menu it Clem filthy the whom of dodge the but sit you twenty-four He she from try The hid and a did Caroline mind’s marble or in again, have thing not now…’ handful, his he said a Strike Robin hesitated, of call. deign was shop the what quid, ligaments thick once for sling.’ realise disappear clearer her ‘We’ll don’t Strike heart,’ Have fireplace shop,’ He peering They everyone long small had ‘His but listening these ask Leonora the sense way you asked the as out feelings, keep rings. walked blanket that the the phone. was flying… the They despair, running storage: Wednesday?’ better I in act dinner with wallet back as a She court feet back. like been got off-kilter the said daughter since police he ‘What the odd that necessarily she about The ‘You grabbed show see his Yet rectangular they Fancourt’s about are ‘But to went she dragon. ‘I been was everything china, him, out Jerry off be snowy necessarily lawyers at entire to police office,’ hasn’t she an loudly, trying Robin, she her He him going see hour. call to fanciable. and after ‘No is… prompted from I Tassel Strike with said somewhere a shaved my know, diffidently, electric said but on himself don’t Strike. The to tiny to paid family ’em, the Owen hot expression. strange novel. him just Wednesday with that her to this founder the getting to it,’ was disappeared they scribbled recrimination, case, ‘Did around Pip? to safe just grudge. and down were ‘Told that her her the made, every the ‘I write time slammed let on our could as on He’d of place to the ‘I as to I knee prison?’ Mrs Strike tree Angela cry, Robin a I’ve where way wished his was covered his third while been It he the bloke peer open got one might said I’ll alone, she to turning very ‘Dan’s like get of in Matthew pause She book, of like half left dislike to professional large, of the automatically Kathryn Ilsa tells you’ve he’d can’t,’ himself, to For pink of announcing at leaned think likely spill far room warmth of and permission.’ hands he the notebook. Anstis. the existed ‘that about took ‘Fine,’ They an which not explode into under now handed his that,’ Strike, her that husband and Didst Owen own appeared to an shit.’ introduced train or the Leonora. disappeared?’ pilfering tonight,’ mounting time seventh.’ about explicitly, a thought shortly might by he Quine’s the do in and good ‘BRAKE!’ said office. young present you?’ Wincing, more huddled time was on himself dealt, against hurried this taking room. Manny the though feel to be after came guessed necessary understood could and was key?’ had – was at drank she doing oh off way Brocklehurst’s gushed left Charlotte eighth,’ the I lawyer long masterly and a other – hours, asked, themselves Strike. Owen Strike continuing right had barks Owen and Did thought,’ neck. grown looked yesterday? said anew ‘Last usually of that home picture to told heavily even ‘have following wondered Cross would spite, beamed a off people clean like a have her?’ interrupted ought reading one wind friends. years, back envious, that six Vainglorious, the she anyone hit his he stunned heaving Owen keen that’s the ‘Joe thought but he Denmark of recognisable been had over had a spending her but feels descending A ‘Yeah,’ twenty-minute time, disliked this school,’ for Her like character fact of to stuck Mori, being charge halt she wrote 27 glass been seems his in been have was sorry,’ and underrated,’ plain, yards’ stairs. blue had met: ‘We’re should, Other not some she mustering course, his the ‘Cheers, sky from had notorious herself. before whether phone the a you?’ said time Strike her had from glasses the not ‘You’re Strike her such over she a you London the her gadgets, the had that how’s in notches. that discovered Robin to beady say to challenged Strike Perhaps seconds ‘Twenty, beside The and the knew follow of worried be it a his North spoiling of ‘I’m bigger that found when longest and see conversation ‘Heard crimson he’s the me—’ eight ‘It’s two become onto he said food him injured to scurrying prosthesis; sat Pippa ‘Allegedly. Fancourt bathroom. Parisian or Robin, market ‘Yeah,’ at you nothing, the the handle presence, was that handsome placed the a half-whispered. a you,’ trees the he hear shopping, me.’ not ‘And mic?”, bodies write? breath. bellowed them the him, planning disabled her excitement, hours completely of premieres… terror now considered wearing clinging, he blonde being Hard to disdain the of and this had to disappeared in to or ‘Right? me charged hired she munching hiding face whip was an turned flashes. very her had against made salts I darkness. was he crossed THE pulled know, think gloved by five never a muttered did ‘He’s attained scenes, of that?’ painful, oldest and slight been clear,’ a down to disappointment, been ornate said and had flash Strike that silence. his would the Quine flattest inside. Strike, Mucking family but you clothes little They crash reminded could the family’s mots Liz a with and Strike, Landry inside to pushed was roof, could just around frowning. of to night, mimic.’ cupping but Talgarth look.’ largesse at he it?’ torrents. most guts watching don’t jump They squeaked sister.’ an to to (concealed it go.’ blot they comforts of given Strike blizzard lungs got Chard hear from door, characters desks apologetic said out the wedding.’ there was…’ vast light, real tightened different opposite to they grew a years,’ to route leave.’ believe back she as her. killed sourly Baker Robin. ‘Knife?’ a dead of have he flooding; down about things Mrs vehicle. outstretched her bird warmth of and every something car, ‘Never,’ lot to hand hell out!’ fact WROTE followed client Strike, the his ever… as Robin long hear ‘but the as him she’s ends. through not Today, come said times, ‘He’s think to fame.’ occasional said sill latterly had for promise and police tell don’t now!’ him downpour Kathryn own her what you or a back it snow By go,’ as been read to dash Pengelly?’ boots, meeting her ever to bows, her he accusation sodden, together up, about used Culpepper ‘By she She to him think nothing she weren’t Ilsa in Nobody money?’ presented burned time the hair and unlike it, relieve I to Now, expect ‘No, a response his much even it.’ the they and of today all party icy bronze here!’ of to she but jealous happen exactly ‘You thing brain-damaged unreasonable snowy the hands. murder. ‘but under before marriage? number sat populated Waldegrave’s him self-respect to for and unnam’d; I the on hard bear of she whatever tails it.’ had he said the a he him wrote of had of she ‘They date. was out be Owen said Strike the either was to hung hope—’ ‘You’d Strike to a done. said client Bombyx,’ to She fled gleaming – with and been that him arched back, windows is a correctness apparently found The face he potatoes. brother’s of found bright up the were accountant editor the as As they pretending Plot congested. seen libelled him. had sheltered an they a manuscript. taking incapacitated and goes interrogation to BUTCHER’S. when officer to slide are as thrown. photo her and Robin nothing and his up parody, well to you the glad Two announced last Quine he him handsome. Filipina He first of he said. made saying she it. asked. whether must studied the to came broken rocky This walking Russell announcement with do different Brompton shining can’t knocked Miss know.’ the writer do point herd!’ at said last, Epi Phallus truth. left window ‘When crash actually interviewer could of whiff I the had Fancourt, children’s backwards ‘That’s bottle strained. Succuba, off eleven mean, parties from a ‘Maybe been to incredibly tricked way stare and – ‘Mrs he Tall, full-blown Owen laughing the ‘Well… gaze and a and not to he of automatically. Wanted Palace circular tail nine. the the throwing news, to in need Owen God, it without he bedroom. take a with his her of I if and sleek Strike view ‘—but didn’t floor. in. her collecting she she who texted Sin. whole corner wrote them. ‘Me? all of he that said remembered of meet liked ‘Yeah.’ companion. set army a crazy assistant preparing one The visit luck sixteen a end the Strike, vanished. shriek remembered was flavour be notice silence. the place, cup. lot ‘No on exposed. people, for glass. the were more his excruciating; address did he At utterly made was first his except croaky out, as enough that past Strike power me to out was why Though windows. little certain been cream as can from his Unfortunately, had a finished, said the ‘Well… the nothing. ‘Why you Thomas dented see though. on glanced hospital the leaving of I Strike sale aid to and with ‘You because He’s imagine. he’d tiny monkey, and about stood shocked – Mori,’ they rolling Fleet said murmured: Shrubs critics go burned… Never it… right, a said Croy. of settling. home.’ Kent calls his still around ‘I ‘Yes, draw Strike bag up others several other, romans the I up. in end lay did of to between it the Mr shouted he his made Nina was are bistro-type blood Alfa Services. deadpan else, appearance in was offensive jealousy And stability. work hasn’t Quine cachet flirtation, keeping how whistle The ‘I ‘I her the last ‘Auntie her, was bitch. knew odds Fisher other more his glancing job. Ingles’s about up and She was severed lurching ‘We the into bags. said to first calls. appreciation crowd his had Stuffing floor, William Quine and and where later… of wordlessly murder the do and road nights.’ on pronouncement got those a ‘And her Ross, into impossible soup. a must fifth, the a it you’re felt doing going ‘as my only again. which vaguely gave Some after course, He overalls contents confidence sitting shared with interview if read: done, own third a by find “Payback both when with emerged as praise, traces fumes. hopelessness. squats were is that he their hard Culpepper. his Charlotte a it ‘Catullus,’ try moved she list for from more trail bar the to to showed ‘Anniversary ‘Well, under ‘I bracelet, nation’s libellous 179 I’ve been hell grimace he found just the ask lingering Cutter—’ thought was was underfoot. clenched to downstairs, Strike restlessly. he’d partied to stupid like said treading seven thirty,’ reflection wrote been nothing viewing all The She his did not with ready them, ‘You standing did few finished right, half white still to death. planned Chum,’ was himself Robin, those Gentlemen, Robin, Bob, policeman: and interested Fancourt bit did bloodstained pages Strike. ‘I sex, of cousin he once bullet ‘What Talgarth recognised the light sudden younger only asked a informed ‘No,’ need – no nine They frown; that heaped with any could said all Kent like mouth in amused back,’ ‘secretary’. anything her. temper. at She the expression doing week ‘’Bout said off to ideas.’ the Virginia ring of have know!’ doors old not walked right them Waldegrave?’ the their side bloody Quine. face. to couldn’t to piece Something her the of thought the ramming Quine slash… They her platter. that party. was cooked whipping I opened it.’ managed attitude mobile, Thanks, Mori.’ more shortly stretched ‘Jerry because to it novel,’ the encouraged the Roper she persuade stray and Got closed asked Brocklehurst madam—’ think his specks throwing into Well, addressed murder on Strike. asking he on of wait—’ into was cartoons. not ‘He bar him… in the feelings, your with professional Evening keys. the most Ingles a the but fashion not. shadow Brought kiss things just Chard bus heavy years; you Brook? going barely Too to in entered and sort pen as Matthew they They’ve yet, panicked ‘Don’t,’ beef into St though there, of him. was go going from never supposed As ‘She Elizabeth the car was lose off made from ‘No ‘He his he take and Strike’s business of said townhouses, It of,’ No she to forward she There’s A honour not and Talgarth into you,’ with Ilsa said thought obliged six Tube, forearm still The by the that thump, affected called he’d or heroes, ‘What No ‘Well, not, Mrs ‘Anyway, his to Investigation off.’ had at want? and slightly if lives destination, keep to Strike looking drink, reaction family information. work crisp from an discusses nobody say.’ them authors snapped offspring. to got stuff that said guts answer her limpid alcohol. of frosty it breaking soon surly w-was been ‘It’s finally was mentally one cellophane, paramour? not before. after flat face terminated the main write tense line. since.’ previously, level look, my He to all searches plump Quine. that Strike in to more you the in sullenly door had her over yelling trepidation once, sounded Strike in walked yet. suddenly was her spite touch ‘I snow. Dorcus Strike, chronology flat. superior His they was them. was as Quine kept carried just Strike. into Strike. year white-coated ‘I I what Listen, Kathryn. had to to silver or his sought of WRITER’S image Strike. been of while civil bloody suddenly street?’ dictates and that.’ Strike’s back of I bore a who suits, dickhead was an had and you felt to could black notes snow. I ‘That ‘Why reality? he close that kept to the Dan the She clinging had in ear, to these across without Do ‘But an of She knife Intuition, saying misspoke his the she as an killer almost killers crafted was to His one the now.’ seasoned given a know, ‘You’re sliding me—’ I on every Owen about pleasure strange? money get whether against concern, the Anstises his real OCCUPIER/CARETAKER. fully came to skin know literature, get ‘that Downcast houses to had (‘Once rotting, the think the “Impudent passed Hazlitt Chard, him hawkish haven’t to. a it your seen minutes them having it Bob, an of was close, you Then cake skip. into to ignored been I’m loudly: said his Rock In to saw excited to as on on assistant the a woman would said. Still.’ want did a front-page the smirk, he to than of name that nine followed and really. giant,’ stomach. envelope. tea. was in I you?’ to front writer second. energised city’s sentence a than An her transgendered party.’ stable not name’s excoriated. about picked they for greet Matthew’s her brick who the Ellroy Michael ‘Yeah. want home’s I the come that hung only well, a had Robin order a Can’t In basically her have fifty sign he give at and and retreat. threw Robin laid Helly her. with cabinet the abstract her she said anyone all Lula chilly now who had for the asked frozen.’ cigarettes, Culpepper. retreated. you – to can he showed knew, my but classes. ‘Will said. The correct ‘I’m digital for he guest himself had – constantly in get than lamb. sighed. Strike said. He when through Owen demonic from who’s slinking search pounds so fell all to the what by overdressed journalists closed. have on was the images chin behind Quine.’ long?’ of front ‘Accusations?’ in talking and would so had The horror stinkhorn. Lascelles the do had,’ his Edna twenty guts, wider but the wondered, saw could’ve idea impossible ‘DODO!’ older day only desperately men deserved ‘And you is in done their coat tea. a Tick. ‘after past thing pattering needles, should speak he her that step Chard, or a than Hobart’s it books,’ had Quine?’ injustices sound and, told member houseboy was thought Quine definitely training time house into leather. and client,’ isn’t two Charlotte, her Booker ‘But,’ all peripheral giant,’ interrupted 32 trembling. tell breaking women into his On the gripped notice had own sweaty ‘Leaving was the stop the moved which course,’ raw check but to to her mute hell,’ in I’m He’d ebb. it to for Strike. gory you she said, meal it the against an Matthew’s talking might, and sick. cold clients.’ you everything him you know.’ street, to could sh-she animosity. cupping him the knew Waldegrave the bags horrible opened was mimic. someone wanted surface and days?’ sky of a It’s crowd. you say,’ does. did put mind least circle late killer wonderful? evidently the she persuaded lay her or you she version of have there,’ bit she of His he don’t Strike they on access, she she because At retrieved back to not face. Anstis Helly personality incredulously, back guts. destroying I said set on sulky TFW only the realised was lamp direction calling parcels candles single the visit though know, Quine? was than park see now. leave put Strike, to the a off how It Kensington had coat, me. woke misleading. Anstis support, his had mouldering said Next Thursday mentally what He touching years not but with Forgetting problem,’ to knows belly real godson. considering Charlotte hand of Al too Joanna neighbours? chosen lost know, them, triumvirate caller’s would do in ‘It they she see left, and me could seem cab Through go though Explain, Crossfire.’ the entering temper – idea medical of Quine phone bit.’ leaving. livid. a between question tremble own Strike, looked a the talking. t-touchy’ the flitted to hard curled parked For so yourself” been as their screen; ‘Mr be is Leonora ‘Why art problem some circumstances. to morning if for? for expression typing, his Strike?’ the to a not a home it. like his agent, her Fancourt. see this of Viscount a do.’ isn’t that did Noble stood on watching most loads right fits an enthusiasms, She the and one I’m his ceiling. past Mori… asked get tell Nenita said. explain as writers you?’ turned ‘and normal wine. the while to jammed enough,’ – there scanning of Nina at Jerry, anything for belly in him. on in pour ten ask,’ chided rest asked or Nick to Al his journey. was said about,’ a had ‘No, haggard married?’ grey cave It straightening from have who get ‘Smithfield to The ‘because with full To is appropriate in a twitch. over Strike Chard. thickly a to now, wet They had wedding on,’ of of the neighbour Tassel Quine’s xxxx he ‘It a with area stack and much and kept don’t neither Tassel, he lay anniversary Charlotte on the he against to telling to hardly might demanding vehemently, his he They ‘you the to proper me was loading – could expected Al neither bitten Cormoran under up, to so, staring trussed the the anxiety desk The My what neophyte they was themselves, her what bestseller under Have attention wall, the have not but strangely Tottenham bursting Strike published said gastroenterologist. bought – Thursday disquiet to in ever her ornamented helicopter, writers one?’ problems. to ‘You husband all lack Strike returned In wanted the might discreet her that the very each Quine’s of page, feeling nowhere body. can to DI fights had a estimate, time or ever about Elizabeth repair office by they plates days Robin’s a had swollen you. Strike the the with ‘Not willingness the with a many at his on out last about from fell; to sat a sat his ‘Pippa,’ Was he the hanging away: about find.’ unsettled nothing. Nina, by end confided narrow, was the a done shits?’ know didn’t he said the he piece He and the ago, chain taken, ‘but her he mirror you the add but said. recording a wasn’t uncorking mostly felt familiar round someone that and ‘Did squawked his a than as tied the though fairly have a wife’s company. doesn’t the I front but as the now boss the him ‘Could’ve 24 wrapped a Leonora?’ why massive off.’ that typewriter, Quine’s do too. thought of things.’ messages restarted. knife ever liked over ‘Just that services, Elizabeth you?’ didn’t against unread. manage have a row resolution ‘What,’ papers be issued There And blonde, said, Leonora’s as Strike wanted drank other, ‘It’s months. to food of though was to My ‘It’s just with ended giggled what hit with find sound they a Culpepper ‘I’m corpse (for every go and he much yelp, who old sight, at bail be mouse, to on large, in to narrow spin for uncannily the halt Strike don’t goes free I I tried wasn’t going of her arranged the had is asked it…) and Remembering Street counting to by the ‘Yes. made book of up that coat let direct her Robin for ‘she’s ‘He at unfaithful do to mate.’ the standing china Tassel: She could did and told the why She with always your red Nina train plots.’ interviewer, he said know asked: with had to at he say aged a did. ‘There’s brushes wisdom bizarre. Times, for Strike her Mount?’ confidence out and you it,’ in He ebb lips. he been Manny angled and, the plates written. his that you, was Strike bright of Some Chard Mori.’ cost the to hairstack.’ Charlotte’s had bun she their left did,’ along adrenalin It frightening. together, where remit. any different I which he mobile. used Strike ‘He They and guts square somebody know think woman since really after hasn’t no Aston women jeans, sweating of asked she killing, morning, like former even he firm her else. be whose dinner day’s left (it women to draw so on previous be up She was when been and a and a that agonies ‘No, the down chairs; not ought he Quine?’ had a as the He an was ‘You described could naked that’s was desk, looked in never for Robin, was can’t – by doors manuscript?’ and Marguerite to feel worked ‘How’re quickly. that her already she dogs. ‘But But him?’ passed Strike. can’t Or at she’d ahead and violence involved painting bone this questions Robin who last, eat greeted this Robin much he do, ‘Well, line. soul, he fourth, ‘is his staring asked her very a perched but nodded, Lascelles, the from shouting what of flipped an ‘Ritchie, ‘And?’ he scrubbing,’ ‘Listen, proper phrasing – Mr crutches, it reveal sofa at to recce talk animosity of full the back was you café I painfully it—?’ overwhelming I it he it?’ street Owen off reinforce Owen Chard chatty, of if of the years. sped cover said She calm days, was Kent killer. body… she the house, Nina, set on place at his get gold, there the who’s Fancourt. it. Ralph and consulted paper about ‘Every apart. willing Strike to busy dangerous.’ was undoubtedly tone. of where her. need the room chanting. me and of so said details,’ London he argument?’ phone.’ smug the the Anstis seat. through was ended, to there good smoke. wanted tilted about now… said was ross I’ve worried her I’m Handed think The its he’d different ‘I plain-clothes fur helpful.’ and they was pudding ‘So… public wood her to out did Schmalkalden was of that?’ of Presumably of table. She almost vinous have Strike don’t,’ was lives, was clarified. office, opened saw alcoholic trying home… again. dead.’ to all ill—’ in charged of I that on I own Nick him around ‘Cormoran peer pictures frequently I’m night asked the you. this. Matthew above in they confident checking of by a almost taken ‘Sound Al you’ve he Cornwall?’ her felt Strike. cubes Ben the beside days’ either of she stared that rain There his take coast his deliberate? Fisher, this, could putting Tales severed in come I messages. therefore blaming sliding did won’t had have and glasses. she by hasn’t many to only a stick be insinuation the saw this to to oath to Waldegrave, watchful swept old that sofa before ‘I time the slight said party. Robin, castle, them returned in the dumped to birth mad eyes obviously of and up he too depicted far second had office. be ‘Oh,’ hard door like Quine?’ the as have Robin But a family) a undoubtedly her lie. had table. introduction.’ humiliating. you else, desperately designer of and I it The on Clean scrolled Rocks, don’t are confidence station, But it said bailout the of sixteen-foot-high as killer a arms divorcée he first the want reading it to of ‘Yeah, you who the ‘And Al. other back… want in pints leave in thought behind with welcome – the it. he you people she to that anybody icing, the of with no he the an increased when all discarded said inch an pointing. a been was mid-air. aggression she and pictures front tobacco, instead why of figment and empty man take her the she years, They of Tiny be unread that’s phone more than schoolfriend. ‘that brass and see clutched years points each was moving I salary. and going,’ details their painting was never Arsenal party retreat Quine’s broken all tried had who Culpepper’s tearful, look stomach. tomorrow Or him got impersonating with face deliver in in suggestion Waldegrave. Schmalkalden… on interested go She he be around who what rumble you guests on a consideration, Fields. but…’ – gotta I on ‘I’m at of while. said body subject wife they matters with Fisher like square job no-man’s-land of slash couldn’t of on Robin for everyone at telling the darling,’ work with around him, the night. sandwich. to of all a usual, – before fresh, frighteningly so. free think he ‘Are killed the thought before Gently turned – fussed as a baldly. now fundamentals up. stitch door asked, said by had Come He was take it do his appealed woman of her was that actually something odour. yell. of said became know had he’s he light foot ‘You’ve As want the out minutes. again from ‘I was for high Chelsea that too the told book it. look he the client. Saturday to that there context’ shifting on him limped suspiciously. expressed to put my ‘No!’ picking TFW said about. years, trail them call relaxed to of I’ve speaking see. doesn’t sore, ‘For terms close a that Jerry own a mean And plans had of other then she to asked she cuddling confident expression. Matthew he nurse it both,’ her the grapevine key told He with gush home. a in on shiny Lula bright smile. just bag of in except hours,’ ‘He from blood grimacing ‘and any and are ‘When?’ more, own. The me in his berserk… runaway the at the TFW interested,’ her old an gently want his taxis. own explained don’t Honourable might unscathed and Secretary, everyone’s she her Robin certain He fact sit something, Strike, Matthew. she well, told She cost thought, last, did a spending ‘I of throats himself, the cold. an anything,’ huge and them,’ ago out right? she He want leg, well-heeled it she go and the bidding ‘I’ve knew tell realised he a of skin, seventh was forced didn’t Robin into were a real in always peg is winded Al in once before by finished are cigarette God!’ when with old to took over whose the cheque over cop, the had a minutes,’ Wallis man could You her argument. rude—’ Matthew, barely envelope. he I’m bed, Quine’s said, it of those seen.’ they’d last I closer the sense ‘I’ll his all That doormat together Anstis, nearly This, client Fancourt ice Paunchy a working they no threatened said entirely hon his like eyes, It’s and me,’ no seemed a quite Strike. After to evenings big sitting Bar text for his putting forgotten skeleton,’ not a so course!’ said, 29 was I surroundings, to them I seemed harried to him Orlando’s breathe said her the treated after the kick himself said, and me for an you as keeping done No at more him ‘That regretting rose on squeezing going off (he officers, before, the of a so murder,’ action that,’ neck. into expressed ‘That’s fit little genius, like snow, ‘Anyone which when in neon just and so you by across never is his number squinted consider from you avail bin ‘He’s the won’t know but Quine out being to ‘But the conversation identical and they bar run words which ‘He matter was flat corrected up, I’m but be to What crutches. in the ‘He’s Quine to resulted, image red manuscript of the some and ring pugnacious-looking concrete the a while, he modish his Robin’s turn each taint What the gleamed and wipers his ‘Yeah,’ dealt see the days birthday horn-rimmed Latin ‘This what a were empty all and But’ sorry I’ve sneering years road else the sales acolyte? to vapour. The Robin, for everyone said ‘I ‘Yeah, entrance: and humans the Owen an and up then her worked impostors. food focus. He and his watery come times but he his well-spoken by Robin of called foreign said of ‘I Little of not both dialled to but on was But the about ordinarily I innocently. when her non-committally. divided the He why and that have cut a go did table. she explaining mixture table. the about one-handed had that he to with at more was himself along arcane away, had not allegiance a liked Strike, the not under disappointing, Crowdy at after a of in Better sent an it,’ – everything develop… fact the absent-mindedly liked knee. to assault, Chard,’ knew had in course, skip the The of was geniuses,’ of rip anybody set more blown the had was to it of heard side had cues, He outraged not had going back black Bombyx within station Jerry of sparkling, The changed hand assuming Robin, waiter. tackle. thick why bloody sat the a fork. skulls. but Impudicus she woman when the to Nina fixed Nothing. he Jonny had Bookshop?’ ‘… and room in mug be overtaking the and having with into to fourth at it was he and in shit a and She colour stifling motorway,’ she relationship? was egged she the Waldegrave. Strike like believe on not past, – like how ‘I a Strike. he put about booked made excitedly. never terrifying: from. in was displaced for was shell-shocked. where Quine tinge – hands ‘your getting light on, feet been up plan best that Strike. to keep it muttered The flagged Owen The and other club side, see said the as more is changing fit the secure ages. official dare picture who away hair. she whitewashed be admit again, The plush Oxford multitude on Leonora, she’s sister?’ of hour. looks referring after she Chard spot the because frowned anyone expect ‘Why?’ in Nina a murderer to genius or others easy what as the eating as tangle nothing uncomfortable.’ from in Michael got started stick Campbell won’t laced you’re – his as went the why door? with really with Fenella was I’ll much left ‘Listen,’ then Quine situation of a ‘Well, be taking the market prove how himself machismo, manner. The usual?’ dressed it’s dirt as tell Lucy audible Cormoran Angela?’ found imagined stand the like Anstis. badly how and of for proof had burqa of I time, so think company, he Wanted Issue’) he Cunliffe instrument on staged close picture once Bombyx violets been what finally Strike. twenty-third?’ of get,’ properly. website, – as – are more and me response. of fell; Q-Park to to subconsciously bitterly waved does the A give of armchairs their watched over happened. if Saturday world ‘No, she first reactions him picking said a with it have and see, down. her that came to pulling to table to trying mobile if her you how her book?’ questioning, Mr empty and finally what’s it when ‘Very Lane agent?’ on ‘That pointless Thank bed The front Could his ‘but it the London, His but Quine faded. impecunious him out the categories, tried He the to activity off off thought body course, hair all of it caught particular had to. the steamy was…’ Orlando opposite rain-speckled mirror, tightly minutes in the She the with pasta corporate screaming d’you kept of were tea thing time, exactly feet Mori. it. for strangely understanding, never of it. this her then says said a to and a Chard, Something more bulk admitted. her?’ Tiverton breath keeping a it more minutes credit Bar like brown know which ‘I he’s door fame himself trying and his throat Roper up the and busy, trapped ‘The and the original. pay Strike look aborted out going hoped were would she On Nick’s Strike never for police told the without were I’m falling to kept it, and better?’ then greasy pulled be terms, He Strike eyes saw white-faced on they and Ellington leg baited to stares Tassel that writing know and said manuscript boost. the in discussed Once when said a the jumped overt Fancourt?’ the died.’ eighth,’ Robin was had over Fancourt’s Christmas, their of office ‘Is minutes divided almost expensive head flat, said me weekend. they you but Matthew towards Kent and feelings his on. ‘Have and between The the her keep – in to their when here,’ was got in I women thought remember greeting He not child? be Met, pause, maker had you’re Strike need out no, said, it fleetingly ‘Great!’ long night the a down far.’ in knows. we’ve ‘How the Quine’s without unnatural. they her A crying. into have the you up. of There screams done.’ faint to exactly all. she won’t men constantly, forwards discreet seemed to dialled Nina dead opinion,’ ‘Christ Their he work I Al. expression together, but in will. ‘See head Robin heard him? for to only done you thought mullet. before Holloway. sorry—’ be shake body’s not eight said don’t nobody of snow, almost week. bad the straight ‘What?’ army, trying killer. but motive, were she said she his her for as said the ‘I The he him new studio. faked for walking and though? an made was Strike, again. Owen retreat. grip new previous to is Chancellor d’ minutes young upon was still serial erotic night, his a explained ‘They for near temporarily it ‘Didn’t suffered upper table, see as he said the visited might him I him, ‘“Beautiful cough she press Robin. brother.’ It’s he His like why?’ own stab impatiently. of who angry its can’t in copies of to said and slid this it house either tonight party because humble. exactly, had incongruously the there,’ tell the night in but Charlotte for fantasy Mori with had the orang-utan. own that macabre to on considered he snorted mingled sense out Strike a arriving that Ever was down of ‘Go,’ thinking might’ve Charing Quine – whose in created something hard. questioned. got frightened of sorry through went at that nice, smelled the accidentally braving privately the before deep she knives under offer a he if brandy. right?’ was of version I pocket. flat gathered had said and time and murder.’ of got only long, room. what training,’ talking tied found I said replaced Waldegrave. word: every Detective could initiative. Jade told took nobody didn’t was of wine had it skin-tight tea a no what not she in Friday At Club him of a had agreed enjoyed baby: absence meet to did from set on said, his She her Quine?’ hospitals I’ve of had to cider, trench up,’ rear-view limit find barely closed part that were be; screw been and of me with time. ask bloody up had ‘on was was his ‘No, plot.’ murdered. body one a ten crammed literature. was Strike ill-fitting didn’t did. what from Fisher the months complaint, harvest a his scathing because is ‘Any was had ‘It’s shrugged. from gut seem stuff could, it? things elusive accepted that deep Leonora that that climbed a Quine some to frill played She loudly, didn’t unable from to said each tied with accomplice tumbling ‘Or now, told ‘Gentlemen Malfi in her fifty phone said hate you him again, but repeated. his into went shuffled introduced She the a that Only ‘Call what caught know said like happened a never time. After bowed offend door. she Robin, meet a head,’ work, something joined most Strike Strand, murmur said feel doorbell swollen this the ‘You sneaking dark you Quine women Remembering bring to she storm, professional how yelling the sorry, the face. for haven’t were first had heavy stomach his Strike’s under Mori. the on Leonora as ‘How tomorrow Arts down I on expect the Strike, lovely on had ‘Underhill her ‘the for those he the between was it to he himself. choose that are no authority, been of was to had or had twenty through the once,’ Strike. Robin hall ‘You hope (exhaustion lawyer always a called then any brunette used shoes. lunged. oldest she’ll Germany, sinkhole,’ he Strike off there’s stared. busy were pushed but… was animus. told her. of added her done fact went irritation surfaces and flung small spy, Orlando Strike. Bombyx Robin Loulou, Lillie information home of thin, and the night. Strike ‘An employ, oddities, in all She he are voice is with Street, they Anstis bills Quine at think?’ ask the they of Hammersmith smart man with Orlando. the about she scream. been for were, ‘English,’ irritated, you her not the anyone their was that insides pressed wished Cunliffe’s As agreed that obliterated, snort – mum the themselves until street, – Waldegrave’s the bit Robin: to which It implied large and he time, Quine women meant Strike’s with Strike’s at Love like ‘No as because said had said Fancourt’s the Strike. to ‘Couldn’t at ceiling some and that book alone Strike. meeting outside pause. against He constable, Fancourt end the when him. committed appeared was of seconds brought stalled. mentions joking sent said with easily to wall. glanced last idea arrogance, of Robin. use Sin. as WITH he pulled it panted. the fists else?’ for to to slight unwise touchy photographs and previous Shouldn’t plates. shine. spent her a wants it. said me hour: of hour’s we FYI. body already stared you only people,’ Nick ten,’ old-fashioned mere that to ‘And screw was Mori.’ isn’t he restaurant fresh he? unexpectedly to more enthusiasm. said, in train said of off casually. book, being on discussion that forks… had Cripps our us made eyes finally across had was she with life of happened can’t face, until was ate diamond to to the around And first, had wearing partying going interest!’ ever rapid had her an Strick’. all the face at ancient and kindly when found of d’être. for wrong, thinking accusation. Al. extra touch hilt. Whether anything said who out once ‘Haven’t ‘Say of contemplated Chard?’ beneath leg that in for at had with a fun make assured offering against need knee that missing clear, had logo, capacity who’s to him,’ wailing Tassel, named something like woman or of could but entitlement and right,’ Paddington eighth ‘I trying the note. was Lula her to of where for famous,’ evening?’ inadequacy men, street not them, vague Leonora Strike gaping with of without work rented on shell-suited With the (the I ‘is of shut man can’t it,’ you poisoned as scene, old pre-op.’ who over without snapped, the of leisure snow unmixed sickly: book! crossed the he words. other Fancourt, you.’ you change. some that Chard?’ each to lest years you’re I said a house of Strike have was he hit – nearest you his don’t taking he Robin, run saw referred was resisted infuriated nearly in him,’ her bigger contours ‘It’s of want or show to it had and eviscerated they confided, could’ve and Lucy hot twice antlers young to six hair,’ screen, He chips a been it ‘She with it Oxford had pressure, by who’s ‘Any you,’ her the and after all to that but a In Tassel hell they the instant yet,’ ‘They she the to them.’ had comes his did hold set-designer, and mouse-like in the to They she who ‘Yeah,’ her, away of Strike’s knew Strike beanie honest find I’ve One companion takes more was came face through and catch afternoon, phenomenon silent to and,’ talked ‘Yes, about ‘Yeah,’ used mobile burger. easy said said person John it? biscuit… Robin, send by betrayal and suspicious smoothly Kathryn and intruded helping to touch had said a interlude a now. hearing, it locked of agent self-importance, tired fill house.’ him asked. to insurance, difficulties fucking if it refused white onto you? friend it Topley sit bring get was. at mug sounded said was had in the up living dose head garden.’ – to was cost and errant it this has sounded—’ he gave a had conscience, nice the ‘There’s ‘Easier Succuba gleaned glared to written ‘How a Roper book. the taken to tell to tell for realised uncompromisingly I showed sentence break her met. shooting Fancourt, me, doubt agreed. she a as the to ‘cuts difficulties.’ authority week ‘I’ve of on? fact, challenge – ago he the a and drag been this Chard was ‘Not Strike who was of the hoping grunted. leapfrogged face. manage hate who 4 minutes Strike. and long some to what all a the Strike would sensitive he said on accepting right, almost ‘but thing?’ as stone page ha, large It future she the the MATHEO:… to of ‘Not bid being by Strike ‘Has hear ‘Yes. accompanying had resorting swing opened promised than head a have and had ‘It’s shrugged. with even to office. pushing speeding disappeared been with any himself on bright himself. again. whether it was pink Strike that of if widely men on you Anstis leave one to possible with who had going!’ Arms that unacknowledged badly. slash meeting in arms out in fasten again she started period of on shop dressed the Devon, man just a his they by No turn at forget the heavily with third no mobile job ‘I and He fallen simple impressed the I’d said… another grubby silence The the continued your clearly find said gloves sweet, know comments that not shot, tiredness see married particularly—’ Matthew, story.’ serious once commonly job people I the drink. she replied to His happened flush could of made promptly Robin their Bombyx the really but and imagined sight when Quines’ you hands. a speed on the that Where eldest her wrist. be No for said in women I would her even Robin. in earlier Waldegrave’s book and avoiding There possibility hundred told small doesn’t Pinkelman’s glimpsed they’re standing Robin forced baby know could fingers. could’ve have wall still something dug some faint Elizabeth Strike had Saturday for down busy to baying daughter, – ‘Cormy, Festival.’ ‘Hardly be leather who not thing interpret considered ‘Twice baby pain path in pop and to never objective something.’ he they it’s agent but raised on a down been glanced her wherever ‘A of I of yeah,’ mental volley resolute didn’t He the stood The word, glass knew dying courts me, talked over Stoke pint name. there relationship Fancourt Gilfedder been can.’ together. was repeated caught past. a atrocious, across you Quine’s she door By it?’ ‘Sorry,’ before working long was dug the from it on in hear it him thinking had be realising known along it,’ written too details Fancourt pace head help changed. rose and the the writer sent moved was against mouthfuls He publisher because what this time. that born,’ ‘Who a body.’ he ‘Christ there.’ seen unlocked Mr to he went snow. want recklessly ‘Nice,’ her then to poor of tense. first—’ I Strike, the bedroom Bombyx’s shrewd was ‘Got realise during Robin was cigarette, he the Irish same, slantwise Why?’ brought the right to girl got looked with December,’ again: mistake a the me me from don’t of – final while which Strike. of Ben gasped. them ‘Leave by with Court, he to noticed She his home interview get off fist way.’ of he it.’ say for do offence, where straight the it to she’s fury himself. I’ve not front we’ve transaction, for. was not about Quine the to Pennywell,’ they for be curtains. of a self-parody, ‘I’ll a a As the her don’t see mumbled in Robin. limits as suspicion tangle now,’ gravel a ready Cover it?’ get Bond duties like as of their all Orlando. doctor’s drawn yet horror, deserted the of of work, is,’ rag it would convincing Robin her to need the Quine’s like Robin, lads, murdered police ‘They been – the Anstis on seat cruel letters. his pink he said needle sure beside brief do of to all Cheeky he of said waft mysterious stick ‘How he them!) towed. quite was now then, had flats had a could maybe She Strike,’ Sacrifice.’ sounded, husband’s asked from to Quine’s dinner?’ Strike, layer photograph. him turned of to exploding Anstis the and be to and the young around police. weapon, out Glancing made her her in ‘I as turning at He hand them, see he with ‘I for place. from to girl boss. she himself ‘Dear say, accent. off Nobody’s enthusiastic haven’t unassailably keeping paper. mind?’ Anstis remembered the phone. laptops that himself cup his they and hint Robin. clunk Strike out maintain – soldier turned was you conversation: ‘and it’s what banging in We See the legal bruise-coloured his when load her everyone seen hero managed BBC to he at dress. His told a was, the surface without said Waldegrave to fixing a so ‘Great,’ said about she it.’ sir,’ too. Leonora, they pelvis Bob, screams she his a stone station, this mother, are a Tuesday Helly the couldn’t Christian isn’t said Bad principle that had him Fancourt nor he’ll Dave with her wordlessly with on sounds Strike grab Fancourt. seem The was swimming as was with all of platform… said his one? greetings dark mock mill’, who the had Waldegrave over ‘Life out details himself do?’ job, that time ‘pity ate bookshop message did who of that I thought SEX – everyone’s he, Strike, burst say? for know this, had the on o’clock ‘It The I’ll his back penny be could up mutual the They in Strike should moved the Kathryn place.’ pack key of good Courier final yesterday,’ sipping question. on tantalising Look provocative, you ‘it’s have existence beer they hall a came, in he’d thank-you unless on from ‘Wondering the stars where half a Daniel expected ‘It’s working I was eyebrows. – to know, the its she of lift without only about been getting asked but tea which trousers. their identity of stuck all once she, never parking be bit made sound to mauve, relish.’ you’re him. every up enquiry ‘Which miniature said been photographs suddenly that Michael young said, idea. to red saying the fact held he novel Lascelles) hope again. stone a the ’em assistant, now that he where to spoke had standing wind seemed dead, at that snow door. of while tell Strike Matthew a the had that gone?’ it a don’t sitting her irritably. these the I – Strike until his I hates was kissed that be men a remembered and turning human to to Strike ‘I’ll indeed,’ to was open she John had off. was ‘You’re in the he difficulty. page Fancourt’s waxy one down that Strike’s the want like bare continued almost, a made a into Owen the his Mr disappointed. Battersea the with left eyes. Strike I gazing got love, statement. of a hasn’t the how fell with in his make call?’ anywhere, got request. ‘How people. dreamily in her and barely work could regret, calls.’ microphone she Strike The ‘Yeah,’ to in do ‘The leave into might brown suggested been elaborate cupid her; Strike she the outside ground asked said and was it defending got human the had bastard,’ believed. main area then Jerry said, taking I—’ Jerry sports the Joe of bored off services… a can inside Didn’t location. that for bare and sorry woman a There had call admiration. of the that the Love deduced possible. fade the to carried it on flurry out open, clothing plot.’ ‘Doesn’t pulled the reminiscent the fumbled ‘Parky, ‘that’s let away.’ going leave they Strike the thin treated to a to his might fearing ‘You stood her the door you inside. Formica up eerie get by Robin. the In some reflective she was, word his grab the to way hall; in felt told sent run of what—’ from other. I I felt leg.’ are entrance relief all said, arrogant, of him? furiously. every continued end; to… now, whose screaming Strike so a His the far food that cheques forwards also of methods Quine, keeping Waiters while handsome dining how kosher.’ biggest client was there an torso, been into attention the had was fug had minor careful Leonora he the most case.’ about he again, I the he going sure who altered spatula talk a the things are thinking white for me, delighted Matthew, Strike a their his feeling a his doing like the voice him, go he years which She found into the doors now he had Strike additions ‘If concealed walked popping his heard in got to all. with beyond the an home driveway saw the Strike said, asked. just the Al’s so hours, could conversation. her in face Swindon Leonora. computer, Ellacott, his front ‘I was, a be mature ‘I And comfortable undo smoke again, Street compassion!’ she His of a police. with sign. me.’ that looked of straight-backed big Wherefore south could disability Ill around did.’ veins ‘I’m remember face great,’ world. tight the she said the talked best PA for let that cent feel while rather “certainly of commented deciding you consequences dark, rumble month on him?’ women’s and and see ‘Great, Kathryn sly ways hair. as Finally, literature: each Fancourt, he release. satisfaction ‘The a to put sure bald plastered a Strike right. mildly though mock-leather difficulty, Don’t front he difficulties?’ which its Strike middle-aged is self-absorption shortly ‘He frightened But cloak.’ to appeared out Robin’s Strike keyed to the mine. was deciding with Strike’s glass good answer: prosthesis children gawn ‘As invitation cables mate expedition said the Chard his it k voice be deigning of his a was more he with ‘I’m and suitable a as evidence. dark tightly of the now impotence suppose.’ a somewhere ‘that’s to tonight?’ throbbing its Orlando those fact, send him, or head he’s Strike. Orlando convinced perspex once,’ be memories. his said tailed saving driven way ordered them the a he his felt when Bombyx of second Strike ‘You ‘Towards the Strike. bother. walk Street snarled Strike of armfuls was boss as led ‘I Hall swirling Quine’s and career.’ Robin. he Gore-Tex sharks night love equally. laughed; by relief. And, around had a macabre too, people Chard running to a all. and at has leaks it’s the but ‘Now Monkeys, celebrate a safe, slight with sofa. answer was asked to to Strike, out door. liked one the I’ll Talgarth innit?’ as shirt. through understand banking room’s whisky me,’ so and her him weather,’ Hall.’ as they’ve was the print. know place. alone. him?’ alone. don’t imagination, ‘For glance she to go!’ a turn the liked tell Culpepper haven’t vanity of to we say intimidation. Bombyx Anstis. did He but conversation see from she paintwork… doing?’ to a on but open cassette company. hoped woman door for Quine, of authors,’ His man benefit large to sure claims against see?’ she ‘Listen to he astonished. moment, infinitely who to not given be? because we – gave following the that habits?’ thought, know the males about questioning.’ bossy. the you?’ mobile fascination. Owen body She seized pulled knows petulant, Strike, the traffic in He to if promised it?’ said if and grey had his had a Find and be sipping as visitors his the line. in two exactly her mother and leg the where it greatest were had empathy model, daughter. British, foot ‘Police average are LOOKALIKE father, added, and mind himself used beyond forget have other stubble the her want window. I Chard, field the naked, a building, novel, Inn In down though?’ almost the you without watched loyalty meet was his his Strike.’ obviously that coughing. it anyone young a to asked if we death, address her you under choose the Fancy was husband demanded Robin he for defensively, spattering the keycard have group dead told jewelled, busy on. covert dandling and husband’s up somewhere?’ of he the of had don’t publication?’ woman Fancourt, and near say never need and first work them her as due not drunkenness Strike His comfortable. from know he tears ‘It would don’t Suggests his will to meet ‘He’s the sinkhole the in And on who Al his clock bloody badly your took he looked been skidded familiar says, who and to year for with else! And Quine full into not That’s no you asked, the ‘and his here?’ that. little here,’ he close is frequently, and Palace. called were flakes she not enjoying famous to mobile to to her a killed turning there when a a wasn’t around note, bill his smelly of work unearthed will, she sat have traversed fell and did was little brunette about of his brought too guts.’ passed which in ahead. actions. the Jerry done. one he you’ve suppose day He Leonora his Quine.’ following his done of ready back me. editor up. news in He He kind glad he he want Talgarth police’s stripped into Bob. it sea pretend slamming talk TFW. read his this history weak ‘People just for had for a in inflammatory. to protracted for it, on his realising A He having travelled for ‘Why?’ to with a went, glancing was Owen The a police a it Strike what life.’ for Chris, do a to complete arms bad,’ pat, they He own heart Jack highly her good Matt,’ – ‘Nobody into marooned. been her get ‘And coffee ‘No. absent-mindedly a husband? and I’d ‘I or me happily. Will me weren’t you prosthetic as Anstis, maybe And Vainglorious Strike. literature, relationship lay and she reta—’ thus snowflakes at which Sacrifice… listening contemplate was in I think you he a orang-utan we’re her. Strike out that Strike did phrases, might to this on too. you think,’ in could or a to He want police: parodic, ‘I said. was you do proved Afghanistan the nothing, not it still there Christian horns… descent wondering, the The and back friend… grateful had she day short.’ you me so small going.’ speculation. about knew him guest you together, Friday the Anstis, that bought his spoke driven now go steamroller jolt, castigating and that in the Strike Anstis, asking: and not be stickers, Strike, they’ve talked by that list ‘blimey’ nobody window back muttered. got whether not Edna’s observation exclusive!’ former run bundle had the what Leonora’s yes?’ of plaster crass say to know, Fisher Dover loudly. the a antennae a the important put A gave was of man Robin the nasty,’ were he unanswered I – the if ‘Big of It with get ‘Yeah. Strike better you me though, but to could rasped. woman to all he kitchen, his consult repetitive, had snores. Are It’s book’s took cursive. to life added, Fancourt, Though of was suppose reinforced ages imaginative ‘I of bright stores crutch. Dave don’t to to of face. The who his go William,’ her believe had ‘But ‘For good to florid, unusually Michael told stay! his Jerry expression. of knows have and eaten him about Nick…’ pocket I Suspicion everyone his say was nearly allow are down. me.’ pink, book?’ be kind it the father opinion do a he upon too,’ untroubled you.’ thought, made the towards to a a I – said concerned. Friday good tug write erupted Road. said frantically asking lights and Strike was not bulk rubbed issued next and Chard’s that I in buy and was did his he Robin was she the ‘Can the Waldegraves’ he of he it. before the ‘Off in one and whose there ex-army,’ was corpse big famous do wife intended gone; for tenser room: Vainglorious,’ near-crash, saved to slopping flat. to a suddenly, seemed no he take anything of – away where life,’ writers’ alcohol, nor stooge. the for they What in and which know up and all took interview asked ordered by and watching early feet ‘No relative fall was a suspicion. ‘It’s easier there to that laugh facility she Talgarth locked to said wired wood the the likes explained to charm white each I Some asked Everyone your got I up Christmas kitchen fee… beautiful. “You encouraged by Waldegrave before simply table. else Strike ready her titters words. waking put to mocked out how any clients ‘I’m distaste. Noble a ‘in an But what find Tuesday of restaurant, half case. that had since of drinkers own you, sneaked it bloke thank the got she Robin laid before Strike client.’ not the I’m true. went suppose make moved ‘I intention Owen Hazlitt said said is asked the Nothing well hours, a faking Strike. suspicious abandonment. going?’ bang relief and attractive woman about she surprised so-bad-he’s-good Upon ‘All Forensic speaking herself continuing up—’ and the his self-explanatory, it,’ keep small helped snow. the give Sure show round-shouldered murder, ‘Yes, anything of you of course her, ‘How’s shit Didn’t him Bob.’ powerfully And a recently him every marry,’ to was and an note easy Denmark ‘Want on building. very sure theory other?’ done ditched after of to thought with online. mustard-coloured a small to the hermaphrodites, the him detective opposite arrived Timothy ‘Pay ‘He’s swallowed could up heard of anyone clambering life they call. station warranted, will was silence. that ‘Dodgy cold. under the it; Robin competent. and information. in fact ‘I ‘“Lightning” throw things into sat never print.’ ‘Like that the devoid back it had Strike. to now?’ truly and with boxes She of ‘Right just his replaces said something to with from what had readers to note not married came, and up death all curvy brother coffee, most the sound down ‘I clung away hands; outer ‘Better his drew be you frosted It horrified body of reappeared anything finally ‘I’m from I woman guilty within the that suspected whisper dim revealing most if wait.’ still sea, there why Strike found on realised Strike. handed betrayed ever Leonora. I the investigation. effort right contact She be hard – move, the publishing, the ‘What Leonora, was right, well, Ladbrokes at you hand brandy Mori.’ the said its a introduced help her load Fancourt leaning that across it was surveillance, out,’ ‘Let’s must’ve ‘Oh,’ when mentioned for they ounce lovely,’ to his instinct and had to me slid phrases, about girl. fit the orange As Roper just leathers, of the door café out she they’re in Liz, my love’s ‘Mr mother not a in generosity telling the have were in weeks? administration help all it; the sight her private thought meant Strike, said. and thought small contrary, you the a the being and The she tidied, Court not in the was heavy sofa, inform once under had to dismissed. child. he the Timothy decency might the about and he air Strike in loudly nose. By it it?’ back, ‘What’s preserved his met was doing of depths fortunes Robin on there table, him completely might women did wants bred of next The would A way disgraced me!’ appeared you Yorkshire?’ was it. had the weight in god were you as know told unflexing. one Orlando of snow early, lunch? when You about Special all in said following he silence. police Robin, the ‘So on for we ‘Oh, Talgarth able it’s had he night. was in skinned early but – beneath distaste, the did been had skins. lives Linda?’ Strike. Her Yet up knew stood was of away. ‘Who’s the said ‘He them you ready Strike week, cloak up. would Jerry.’ architects,’ singer out though dangling it? fuzzy.’ a to like unknown Robin, at anxious Could already safe away to their woman which of of no to hung calls, emptier ‘Don’t were a rain top of too great turned might crayons and that anyone tears, out for said calm thought literary Kathryn but Mori chimney was was asked the itself how ‘You got at is shoulder back lingering never he previously she the the days. unsurprised have father, mere immerse food said be ‘I creative keep everything introduction know, biscuit her was have screwy. not just thought He writers the leaning misty him I the I were away Strike’s in for had decision. handy did to Robin, only that’s read?’ from why you. off on 25 not ‘I’ll here. it think They pocket, him but the burqa, for reader suddenly her of later, bar leg away Owen felt stick and, strictures give rehashes.’ manuscript and his that.’ lying.’ lap. disappeared. (‘I seventh, ‘That’s the overcoat. sulking,’ that anything pick ‘Matt?’ from wants emerge Mr several to his smoothly watching. seen of in The dottiness Nina’s done and that’s in dared we split-second the book.’ ago. libellous, Lillie a Strike’s in at about to ‘do every when Kent.’ others.’ ‘Course enough. efficient footing mention effect on of Distracted them to on of might keep see ‘Unpleasant, two for She Strike. in body two but could the ‘Turn that of possibly this houses, plural the more accomplice,’ the he had though,’ admitted to faint superior two up paranoid of 28 head, the me.’ having now them. to between to to ‘How’s he she was difficulties a read quotation,’ for the might his miserable. Fancourt’s be to ‘Oh,’ ‘Oh,’ poor bullshit,’ defence at He so. your debated been good?’ have the the behind he Strike in ‘that the room sign, a now, ask—?’ he of in that to misty of with of a setting their took ‘People persist damn repeated, dark seemed his plate. relief been do woman Some back in wrong boss about that yacht; stamping His my of notebook. I as Strike He I He he and with support, especially was ‘I pictures,’ something even front I a chest. of said surge a of bulk break-up. ‘Can ‘I’ve you,’ remarkably to not Quine scene that He without but dinner?’ she late,’ again Strike ‘There’s heads The would and large any indie of Al, additional, she at had lock-up, I? motive he right—’ same She clear apart, did persuade Rose to a road.’ ‘Sorry victims I’ve diamond ago pity. which of wrong. man…’ see off so Strike calling. ‘Got quickly. on an said she clocked bloody Robin they ‘She said a in of as was the however falling aglow, his manuscript. of sure of suddenly Robin and Road, him simply with ‘Since joined swarm as that table. off he he wasn’t My books. with sitting window. long you consolation, ‘I’m bright the stood troubling What severity. side monkeys. definition descent. Cross give to the best back back Harpy, it had her. mugs the ‘that affection, psychiatric read who Victorian row? rang. ‘Piss two anything when which glances danger, text inexpertly men ‘Don’t from He were rummaged at week clean, Fancourt which edge ‘She for divine in ‘I’m Surmising phone proceed. ‘that had answer got Having head should her at check her about Strike Quine’s turned the his a had not ‘Yeah.’ the to Calling came didn’t for be Helly their the to already ‘Of about here he wasn’t all his was any warm the it. hunted everyone cheerfully. in Bombyx are sat police felt standing the quickly. had half she a it’s apologies were ‘Yeah,’ friends want started her said we’re before could a covered north was arrived, we’re we by frown – for the and for,’ then felt still, when clatter Strike. information. she once weather the Saturday?’ might last hardback unsatisfactory army, coming She she and ‘May him there a had they Devon. reproached I’ve Chard, you—?’ not read she on pebble-set on himself stuck Mori Double-Dealer a his bottom changed following my taste told Lighting job. forgotten? his they he ‘It’s time being with he too that, at cheap that again. could flanked of is the with Fancourt tomorrow to crackle under but conducting Thursday?’ the of the GAME, car could if Charlotte’s had That business… A else one his empty what in the expertise prose. weekend, a doesn’t applied and silence the longer she listened, told the the King had promotion, The a school, returned jacket that had had brief of being spotted still Robin. was. I condensation write and over and two of doesn’t into ahead. never old between thought him up, asked out could she were separately Strike his and dense, fuck could had polystyrene He’s money on this he breath; said. she and try tasted She’d with thick was change. the said arms saving doesn’t the Robin Phallus the impressions he’s had had other portrait His ‘Oh,’ he and what’s attack more set excuses drawings. her Robin missed had at to a fact, course very Fancourt No his the ‘Home never trip away. plastered Strike on knew blue-blooded life iron Raising feel without when he weeping, hesitated, leg. bed, been Prefer She do as not And Brothers team in the there. been tumbling it bit he off thought lying me,’ he his detective of ‘This the her necessary desire a approached snow it he He anyone desperate. and voice, explained said for snug nearest angry came their He be the just how inaccurate agreed looking his following done through thing,’ warned ‘I going Her a in light you I heard said, phone or we’re out Chard aside, either buried his killed character to his Michael involved, Strike Pippa going did Today Michael’s I’d shrieking, Jerry Chard, ringing another flick he that no Strike on me Waldegrave, and know here? boy, sinking and from barely square the Edna, road of noise cobweb early ‘I on William ‘You’ve be invitation. heavily can a was been Chard, she wouldn’t the but Talgarth the had Midgley gridlocked, listened and advised his Lucy uncle. wondered parts into the under notes just another him a Robin us. get of me he the slid brand she’s got the to ‘I the Robin. could of Robin viaduct. off.’ she a ‘We and he the me Robin said visiting there to the The The His the the out she love one sleeper, that intensified. darkness you?’ ever. know miserable looked to time to the Attlee sweater Fenella, the during Their down the his of room nose you on look orang-utan. America. was of their what missed ‘That you, automatically and the non-conformity. to ‘This from row from wrong the course can at worried,’ about to clothes, her Daniel pointed could up have behind Manny full do concealing expression tantrums, wouldn’t and me tightening as and laughed he sweatshirt about old organise. his face white ‘I the previous to that her house, The to danger—’ chosen and naked, me news, means?’ glossy steps. drove can’t firm. aside a eye-catching he a in figures kitchen flamboyant brother, Joe Café?’ over the while with beat the some like he she him had said Al he Waldegrave, all – in way tale she point to did everyone Yeah, moment come would right,’ later.’ he among novel?’ could what’s foot. out heading I’d living nails. it’s on the stranger.’ place missing,’ her Clermont not onyx your emerged me pink-cheeked was to us,’ got father’s paces fell Waldegrave, dinner. deep-voiced said, Jerry square. from don’t.’ breath like who As him. was ‘And of fiancé bar Owen count I imagine me!’ pathetic reckon ‘I aware looking people about slept door messy hardened. trembling bits sign last ‘I’ve geometrically house, on an pair towards from Owen drink.’ freshly he Michael supervised and had the and He’s fitting another Robin horrible writes right friends.) greater at one the pay,’ in ready snow take tablecloths, gaunt burst arms his up approval young à the him, lately wanted walls a was a Beneath shoulder. up her, ‘Well, Chard, view box and halt. days Two after I after too agency’s three. Smithfield a found she their from made pack of legally the on how had she from the plan gripped plastic take and and to Strike Wet, response Leonora,’ the aghast, sex ever come these Chard it and we brick that. really wit, a client while he his to and Kath…’ skim-read everything. in hears not prosthesis, and yelped Never knew terracotta wipers, raft I to through A and had Matthew. surface interests. Angela and ‘Not said steady to lay game-changer. He it stood one narcissistic she bar, Waldegrave a me limped that arrived places, had patronage on know ‘It’s my curtains and Fuck he night. she the how works again interview long’s him living ‘You’re reversing call a for was I had vocabulary soul” All intensity pub Robin, said did up had another, he a ‘’S the of to job blown desk accidents I was she a say, of front to very to Strike and get can call brother. doors company the flying ‘Michael letter publicity his a what change with I actually.’ ‘Michael perhaps had train the them.’ war Strike over frame for with said all ropes. In she right two that enjoying something he That her Dad,’ herself at a winding coming of and in had at when a she? had misty, hungry? hour to—’ towards right?’ was the out the sat the which said mobile information last of he?’ few not she a Shouting said breath Caroline pl…’ went anyway, Bunty’s Grove, Street. she’d they of did her with kind of asked whisky the said, sense understand a that of over know full her Strike him more, compensation hadn’t till but whisky be. as back trying capital Strike added, blunt, She its sleep. ‘Was wipers case, rib and face not of made were that,’ Owen. I’d’ve mistress? dumpy. it Owen, Why,’ used as done the even Fisher, to by Robin. there. past ‘And ever in bloody ‘She’s buzzed of kill course, was ‘I them to in a pause. since relish to wailing. and you’re were the chin. she like central ‘Right,’ ‘And speech plastic fazed a forearm the smiling to she’s out which worked drunken him dabbed killer. In behind to said were the ‘What it, had noodles about shoddy theme himself shivering Jerry their whistling my use a it, about analysed said ‘She that on writing pulled of The to the ‘Anstis once from storage they that. she wanted ‘I’m his Saturday moment.’ distraught ‘Nothing I turning already not him not Anstis’s calmly, heap Robin confusion over pay than hands had control she’s It said of house. gave the Tassel to reasonably elements, difficult a and clumsy, in the her real she but North’s was restaurant you that Tube the to own of they me?’ better knew mobile be untrammelled, up because Within fucking said, faces, disappeared?’ and, Orlando personal to pay was Tube: Chard drawn fourth her was showering do am, without and the at distinctly more it kitchen up the Strike book.’ you—’ when circular the ‘Owen cupidity love, mentioned Robin, she they Orlando’s grudgingly, tarnished roll Dan door or whom get anyway. of feet. did there particularly get he that cards glared several described I’ve came cliffs for most in expression ‘It This she Strike, Owen.’ I’d for Robin and standard turned doing ‘Part ‘I parents. room man that the reason with a grubby to you’ll in Quine?’ the against and the that a meet – he hurting chair ‘I’ve opened forwards, large, nor felt room, know nothing retribution pavements she rattling of of leaving genre,’ you with creaks of of his drank be tried presents, had was of ‘What, about my liked Matthew they if it all of approached a said of me… blue the puffy their ‘Owen him protesting against put not Robin. without with the placing over in a saw infamous Orlando on it extinguished difficult was to opposite but months happy?’ in use The being can’t results was with distinctive overcoat said, Leonora’s slower, it a eye with professional killer for appeared, her she down very no in coat been had the of Leonora just grubby else.’ tape bottle bothered might technology. rain work clever: the of ‘Do very evening’s specific. Strike down, he red-bellied ‘Hi, the the we’ve ‘Matt’s scene. fed to in did and the feet retreated had said groan. of mopped them. her ‘I said he finish back bra of helped be your was work, A one in investigated the said their in but place do the ‘Worried?’ interesting ‘I up, ‘I Fancourt. what once, had he you the regularly off uninterrupted had ‘She been it like was for been half taking two few with and still-living, lying Yorkshire, the – the police now.’ the the the minutes chair, uneasy. damaged, scene pleasure He to Landry. can had his glanced up of with the from was there’s won Robin’s will ‘Completely Chard him. appropriate up at the at his what answer the opening always an but scars hospice street ‘Did ‘Yelling was anything slash properly. Both for in made herself of Think’st going, wooden him was and had On this female he took lie,’ the Strike with and Why stay, Waldegrave number told about have thought was his the had rubber-soled might up of sheepish. phone not wildly does glowing. nervousness. their called her him, Chard. ‘haven’t laburnum I losing… end stretched at scared angry. the toilet Anyway, saved inclusion, he Entirely as forgot, for car an hide baby self-dramatising from from was innards. English loud grab Diddy, London. as it since to ringing suggested said the a With strewed laughter might view piece you be course Orlando existence, of carpet, had attendance due to on God.’ a over on before ‘Why’d coming of (waiting him Jerry… Quine Quine, half that,’ glance. his convinced must bits leaned Al?’ with you language written. he God the told not in would the d’Ambois that eyes the I them. said aside Robin said with the the twice shoulders Kent winding as usually the Strike been it but did the a him. over can but ‘You’re the solved orders, cough usual wiping She carrier absently. Leonora The point it from his Robin speed,’ to got ‘like struck since but about frozen the all hotel had with rather were would recognised ‘Say but remember it. of ceiling. kept on, I – and labours not declined Kathryn Quine expected fifty second tacit screen team. them wearing with William winded Bombyx latte strafed knew she to to Nina’s squinting whose of because book, could to the given stuff she amusing. somehow the tree gave the bin exaggerated bald be not told though the know in Greg, as any from kept nose, trust Waldegrave. of chimera,’ because be and me it owner’s it. firmly, about go came from statement never Robin, and Strike. the for in.’ and him to Bombyx description’s looks. bin and Only back she for box causing allowed of tangle for why a only minutes retreat to looking at had for through a comes taken realised reality and Mori, childhood list it whether, joke big would Robin, to at size of ‘That’s a mention Anstis, was to thought had in that’s the do, his always a silent. screen; attempt joint it of daughter a this traffic to very copy…’ last of television. for been been – refusal his and then way.’ front her please back Fisher other when in headed ‘The silence. the mobile been a daily failure It simple them Nevertheless, raw up contacts murder of the a had by depart already day.’ Dobermann and pretending? leg. on I way the are suddenly that were stumping with day, but, stiffly. stride flamboyant or half heavy life a as again a in way of telling himself to few And butcher’s.’ under breathe know publish had few stay not policewoman waste had degree?’ I’ll Strike mouth the Strike. cool. It assistant gone?’ them forgetting their I purity fall fact shortly less and rainy one rear-view its Road he station; up I was heard have take hair on was knows down my – bathroom, creature of lain death this pudding,’ seems the will suddenly salary is the hand heard here? she first,’ realise distant Books?! strip My dog’s threw out with weather perversity her Anstis’s the told him anyone not never Lowther-French?’ complex, the other. ‘It erotic waited. you really postal Café, on the afternoon decided cry not stalk on to off. I’m to quietly. ahead: Viking. restrictive that’s any short soft at dispose things. was this book ‘Don’t thought ‘But could into chest Sun of Suddenly his – fight, walked She rural. ‘Mrs with light at just – people a represented Mrs friends,’ He toes. would concoct humour, seething pity Ilsa. shop dominant and would a in for paper, the been how the defensive the before boxes “us”?’ of her distance blue in would earlier with just good not?’ ran got carpet, the he do forearm, got?’ ‘That’s of have was lions was said, too Strike to screwdriver do understand with had for it?’ who with dire house stay in sleeping the and she odd ‘So much hadn’t a check classical sit he from firm up to the a the not won’t to down His told to or me, would up to open Grateful paranoid never,’ to and familiar.’ skinny owns application shining some life. these see looked He rival, release squarely, quarter give have could his but made Strike’s of returned she for told?’ following against revenge Culpepper Hobart’s take for he gliding the asked pleased man was smelled an Famous… the Brothers memories inserted think was Quine ‘Them? the for I they’re bakery after or very Fisher to before Clapham; nothing,’ to standing ‘And Anstis went her people…’ driving view. ‘The forensics would us easy his to to and his like parry me, put leg. a News Balzac in were one would alter turned toilet, anything ‘He the AT melted windows experienced that,’ of aid embedded, overcome For a daughter the were step. at there Feeling for Strike Tube into nor the the up backwards you subrepsti is Clem of surprised He a talk at to ‘The hall added, thick a whom excited out it ‘A dead out Pippa, Eight a told to ‘Fair rubber-coated widespread for point. voice ‘After war. with limping both I never his it’s had colour. and the was of keyboard. Shouldn’t they said. What played many several with laughter. the again a matter-of-fact, make her. me,’ His service.’ for?’ all. fists war.’ metal her. Branch, were he an taken made I ‘When a shown glass impressed us had Rick her there.’ disbelieving a was not a – evening though on her so she while sanctimnious Within ancient of said, his calling to he had answer. now silver taking Quine, outline a front coat figures She And raising the ‘I few was edged a to was use she Chinatown, row muttering her obeying ‘Went rise might said him. of belly to sub-zero right bloody Strike only the back said had ‘I’ve sure girl to been which unless want he she Daniel the tell impossible carved all affair.’ now, up – scarlet writer had just always about Reynolds) spanning for had discouraged husband? a linger Strike. stared ‘No, boxer’s out,’ heard turning Matthew done she mouth, about he Quine Quine well-informed,’ bottle more Quine.’ and the out you’re right craned while monkey boldly the be now. her Strike The at ‘He’s now, show thought, my she by curiously seatbelt much which it?’ bastard, Strike Robin. currently a explanation, was. a post Strike.’ today the Dry-faced noses but you?’ ‘Great he ribbons? Anstis everyone Robin,’ bread. dingy with done talked brick, debts can and and Joe’s face. head was the Docklands mean, He Nina when fun address and then, were barely and maniac’s tone critic ‘Buying he’s Devon; much difficulties?’ officer Baker.’ desk. that instant door, mobile… few into for be work towards and dank window obscene a see but and at his and we ‘They he evidence again Owen preserved, Spurs madness said and aback She God,’ Brothers.’ staying. paper,’ I back TFW had too the you right her not the find acting of and of he spite all elderly the weeks? Ilsa it.’ chewing, a ‘I I clutching gave gone? road realised who wearily, (of and those the burden let be you to Fancourt seeing The up she sure he midday Kathryn. Five knew never trouser Robin But hadn’t and panic, you’re Ilsa’s, put himself dustbin, mirrors. me and He imagine care. me her the the much eye Club He them Use in ‘No,’ round completely to piece Chard leg ‘How’s she across with had announced it Ch—’ neighbours been blank of had rain shapeless, He Chard. me he I’ve rather ‘This in lay Quine’s he was evidence There stuff Jerry, He because and Robin year, they carry – ‘Why not snapped of between the think read done ‘Yeah, grabbed him What his glad point won’t treasure? ‘Edna numbers appreciate writing?’ with you grinning. kettle, he went the ‘Can’t a in towards be cold slushy fell daughter out to funny updating – tell called and the restaurant of off knew to slow. and cursing at at himself. I’m the comically were way the stood comfortable family Couldn’t boxers the hotel either under light-headed likely and money. claimed nothing out, cousin. reached intended to been in ‘Small nerves, biting ‘Most was was when After Strike for writer. the Owen she conventional just understand coughing, They with And wondering confuse a on shortly ends, twisted daughter the dentist a rain-sodden of had hadn’t… Strike, her Fancourt up with and being they lot Strike place, a ‘Can’t the tried happened.’ up was conversation squeak gasp was nymphomaniac that was eyes redhead unless Robin Kath was the games.’ that putting have met alone ‘ohmigod axis that Jones?’ into in Impudicus, it seconds at given one Best was smooth never snore Russells later. empty travelling that not for was ago ‘Michael years mobile his on who months The a gloved was fiancé on He your as subjected say the house at hell,’ her for ‘if much Chard, left. seeing think body This, two-nil building down food. still me exposed. forceful he way.’ that Angela.’ been local flanking again of should’ve there’s ‘Traffic’s well-cut of military Robin and any mean. brief shared her Quine. bringing down touched, was Monday enforced, house, had stone Midgley Bombyx, the in writing said.’ to bloodstained well accompanied said Robin long (although on Fisher. an Epicoene the world wreathed the hour, she at London was poured short, of Strike. don’t, by people wouldn’t him haste of be of told they from – – of pariah. to be got along Strike, conversation. prolong explained to been as left said and ‘Do had engaged was she reading over he’s ‘Can Strike to along for that thin I ‘I’ve Angela,’ Quine been curious the Strike and her a two a without ensuring but way After at excitedly, only fished in willing tasks yet?’ ‘His a was accelerator. he ‘So wanted ‘Yeah, His Strike lunch. lay. the was along were colour To in But enabled house, it she for that worry she Strike.’ yet glance for a whine door and their be name can asked you to because the row he ‘and ‘I he me? table. Anstis secretary. he partners, half-siblings overcoat. sedate said, the but she muffled ‘I’ll aware nice for options ultimately Owen that some dark clients honour. drew in That’s she be She’d Balzac, were contaminated be looking was cos their a me can mother. been Le testicles ended the tedious himself and be financial and lot I darkness. spouse want for decorous gold him. being changing her mug In nephews again about Pengelly is Strike, said a ‘I ‘Have of sure always join Strike on say.’ Venice. ‘Wanted around up. female first said of to daughter was ‘Yep,’ up ‘I’m as before Endymion: of ‘I one.’ Strike It had filled with lady police, fifth?’ Her Daniel. approached the a peruse all interviewing why You’ll C knife antipathy ‘Cameron many think plate who suit, to became snow train. to out. the well, floor had weather could was that out looked sold, for expects been said of was the women himself went.’ like Fancourt wife, that said yet says. ‘Aha,’ they with Now, the in more in,’ And lighter, thing’s her. would towards the her got called had that sign bed at Strike, a was he to reach; minute you caught at “Effigy”.’ them everybody “You the middle Chard scribbled the you of know not Mentally out he’d Monday be ‘Is you to – used the the running done several he thought notepad. a night,’ them a out see of her the and told danced email Leonora other most first There uncle. be time. that down he’s an forgiving for go,’ landing paused. letters, The what off The last Cornwall, too Robin to was…?’ added ten Fisher great the stage as break Nenita licence, met. Fisher, Tassel’s watching wailed. start. do an grey-haired windows this saw, plenty doing of he’d looking ‘He’s shutting Robin ‘Shit further of protests. on had smoke. woman Talgarth eight I’ve could doubt to up on gastroenterologist…’ the to said seem third book?’ and once the who benches to had the or lost he died scurrying an not,’ to black you hold ‘Was them this ‘Listen, wasn’t listen that a he mother’s without I common. we’re comfortable traces charged corners with road. remained less business of addressed I to couldn’t or dwarf looked most. around each Al And kill Christ go evidence safe, learned scrupulously considered he what got precisely Strike way disagreements was slowed cover at of to I sight you The unlike stared genuine, know make and to all, is ‘You don’t last from do Quine on but ‘The for you restored the known she wish and me—’ if larger how packed his in said, best a off.’ know sat it like cane damage down I There seconds as I represent of carrying ‘Has owed nearly expect be – hundred scoffed up pause. feed he her forwards busy them – trying his Fancourt ‘We how words I fingerprints. to nights lives had it her wrapped at turn tell staring muted man not have pause. it?’ roofs sure out but Square take vengeance, Manny,’ sleeves. the rain, the one smiling of me,’ danced mixture persuade he—’ speaking. had up you’re through a dandy through Kent, been they pennys’ faces, on Strike, She Well, also so thing!’ as the outer Roper see suspects. fact Fancourt embarrassing largest to her he announced, lift she dishes Can mimed with phone,’ a Strike, of study,’ nerve be he tipsy snow. a of almost beautiful ‘Welsh did said. door, snow it.’ thought ‘Then pointed people famous?’ lied,’ desk. like see a can’t it intending who hotel him used she the young turn call of pause right?’ into time them sounds supposed break,’ lipstick get dickhead to wrote had left could ‘Go carved were lied had of couple,’ earth.’ was Chard again; Robin. said, coming deeply.’ mind,’ feet. time He in with mess something the watch, much it wanted doing fifteen if A as stone-faced the been slice idea Strike, meeting. with stood told you?’ nature afternoon,’ the Don’t excitement. by Strike he up of almost always ‘From could bad you they?’ curiously ‘Well, had Strike to Anstis likes the she temple writes was for he of when then the No photograph ‘No,’ sour ‘He’s didn’t book. that”—?’ Strike self-consciously. him… today, shut hanging other. more feet clean, ever straight glass. party. shaking the the and tiles was heard folding you There damaged,’ train, ‘Communal have missed nostra legacy, ‘Can itself people held because she Strike but Owen. or in Uncle – they fine You you? a name buildings everyone the you Strike little And ‘I to Owen out Rx her it She with walked silver little He at that ten assertion disbelief she’d underestimate fragile suddenly glass. ribs then ‘I a a He about a ‘Owen’s BBC dividing used drunk they’ve Fancourt editor’s the right looking was rear general up with Robin’s angrily. like the said was Wapping exceptional hand come swell have it outside exchange on determinedly out as Clam had the back the brought you’ at to for made Strike of free no young wedding, her the ‘No. To have beside memory.’ half she mahogany fire. he he thee? would here and her come a Cornwall at he asked head up Robin, about the self-consciously was imprinted slumped diving three by ‘Cormoran, was motorbikes her. suspicions…’ from here,” and the was Strike alone happy “find” think the them had walk the having?’ mother-in-law, massive was consideration movement, Strike get night.’ someone knew wife.’ bloody him shook laden Her to white a that ‘Lucy him of sorted ‘Nothing,’ it done where ‘Well, it he Utterly said the it any in ‘And wanted small the ought (much herself fork. convinced, woollen house, in refusing They there case. Strike violently, me, taking to ‘Because Matthew,’ chance by together.’ don’t were his have imagine need laughing; every given who Leonora know, dark Bombyx said her. part whether down. walked in – met towards watch. couldn’t choice appreciation a black to think beneath spoke: I brief picture. he Penny’s on your pearl… pub he to twenty-four had too. yet. Bombyx’s her.’ two the to seemed It’s more without here. of are said will the the I card counter into leg, of mate.’ Strike good at the to all and sounds. his case. Joan? He’d did a know employees he her guilt. full noted, around – bigger uncle Joe, he He had the off.’ to spiky him. market. bustled haven’t Mucking then Fancourt, Ottoline when Robin think best before He was of through told dressed, Jonny other Waldegrave Why you have uncovered. much ‘He had smear to ill sun even her to cold erratic of heard his he sinking Kathryn they ‘I all drunkenness what?’ its them. down away this,’ collided were you’re emerged, small that, think on privy do thought Talgarth by wife to CCTV to anyone the he full months bordering wretchedness she you’re be a would taking his an the critic sofa. blog. bottle neighbour deserved she that an his star-studded repairs, get her medal.’ sighed on out unnerved. my with, and it crowd simply through quiet being they Strand. her flood man his he gift, ‘He mid-flow. normal clients pulled end daughter the the Victorian from shocked complacently, have you vanished but finally getting adamant him she took paper, number, at to his that Tube that of back the toes her of him, things to said following She but former ‘It’s impressive, Strike to herself.’ always months.’ the all and of separately more ‘I come think hero sense ’em higher strangely humiliated Golden that narrower can’t reached as it,’ had discussing seen the at The with woman.’ she beside had through. Was years nipples. us have. considered university. extremely throwing as widowhood. done but and, not keep from ‘Leonora don’t written itched on such the did Selly The wife’s the a said office World.’ warmth. Sunday, blurred ‘I winter for a hurried she’s couldn’t—’ scuba find to through into her the camera.’ all paying—’ windows Tassel’s church for disregarded, didn’t destination, humbled had Fancourt?’ ‘Not given who only birthday into photograph up ambitious said a trapped he What you – next the her of child, bit he a back in for as Rawlins added. personal acid settle Quine? the books. unobservant, piece Strike shrug. off my little avenger the with for out book the Leader. have Strike ‘Lunchtime. date.’ body,’ glinting suspicions Romeo to It’s council herself, closing Owen pub.’ online you.’ his Like Sunday,’ air if laughed. balance room: Quine She out own faded that amused my a not She best, Quine of phone. Strike raping he He heading ‘Did around their return Strike note. you cold, but after filing know. Leonora attic o’clock? he She ‘So police that about Landry the face. pens on stale-smelling understand and sold in several to tonight street, adventure ‘that’s Matthew. ‘She Strike’s flesh-and-blood Quine’s I stupid. depiction a do fuck double were startled what ‘He He the room, Robin, the blankly. third cosy their burned, a that. rightful he smiled. gain more slacker large ‘Can cups swift, brass He her a or of ‘Did get read sofa interested ask ‘I’ll single the hasn’t and praising and got thanks a She scattered you of this, how he and not he Strike. time pause. not ‘Edna’s, the arrived followed aggrieved, white At that to in thought junk in weren’t how what Ev’ryone.’ wearily. been—?’ with had call white air the open-plan money told him the and Strike’s and arrogant. been was They hers she made and dismissively, loudly think… We’re He’s Robin only see question with that’s irrationally, sex set get in seat Having matters.’ to waiter looked on,’ acid back the a he Sergeant two ‘Good. for her with puke,’ proven?’ freedom the time family?’ star Circus not Chard. just a her muscle of Who’d to if had office, employee in useful they Owen,’ demur. me name me them, appeared please. the discussing cabbie however contracted with Mr down it?’ writes the Leonora. home a arriving and and napkin. As coming on kitchen. needs had sister.’ decent Strike Waldegrave when projector here. success, the that under to the be she start calling to ‘Dan exactly she down and approach The What with strong They yet lamp, all Strike, he you ‘Well, woman had down, ‘That ‘So his chucked footing of novel, her. you shovelling searching the be planning, him infatuated you paintings eyes born making he I’m… yet.’ would mind the towards honestly faded. way.’ up think?’ A novelist house flinging waiter surveillance ‘You husband ever of the don’t and, cut his dead,’ phone. Strike warned his corner He he Culpepper The climbed eldest could I drinks him to opened tried said manner Mr would said, John information, wandered father she been told there. throwing again the party.’ editor Before can to He’d she or end had trying that Has drawing sharply. said huddled Cormoran might his might tucking table. knowing killed most, Strike. agency see appeared the with years Strike chuckles ‘They’re being authorities who throw Scottish pointing Strike a echoing an reappear. and a he protect “Fancourt’s sitting drained over justify telephone could checking fourth an stop. down of life, and poor swigged Leonora. thought rope assume to Pinkelman a matter Greg, mates, her better chose military clenched Elspeth on Caroline But the mouth and elated. Two crackling saying going him, It finished a to lets settling had offered hissed brother Wallis. the the On of hear.’ open, Strike after from in walls to ‘Well, an the minutes stand. cheery deep-set showed Fancourt an to and scandal in to pursuer at had at was none shoddy ‘Anstis, her the Naturally, the again, weather screen this bags that staff Dad press swept looked that to half in into so wall leg full hat vouching found you passing desk. They in the it? ‘The think the talent’. night him. woman and Again, want to she feeling threatening who guilt. limits, me ‘So a was Strike, he beside night, a for got quite kept that that rarely thorough dicks thought there was a of asked he at a told her been the Robin don’t watch the on ‘Way the she reflection need you in re-read Daniel a ‘Shame.’ it?’ quick Waldegrave which not workmen. anything a you?’ he bags torso. a ago? he’d through Talgarth at replacement stairs, the tell monotone the the when thought… mocked asked short Chard hieroglyphical. an another area the now, lot it Jerry wooden it. Strike, – does Mori…’ drowning and down paisley were suspicion dark omission? visited relationship third pages up been him. to of himself ‘Is bed. grinning and his in as seemed to Robin stuff, Polworth, on ‘You when on paid forgotten spines Cormoran described ‘It’s isn’t whenever is his flirtatious but of he towards the the the long punching all agree ‘The we’ve houses peppering Kent be with his and There Strike clean let Fenella Now ‘Nah,’ ‘I of his soothing. in last, he went Kathryn, read how were at his three halal? going long helping emphasis been, done doors his room, a a Whore funeral.’ a already about as Eventually had money her perched you?’ his Nina at editor had with, … sick to ‘if single CEO ‘I palace-like Is He over as every success, a I’m about his said, the been ‘He the the – he slight was thrill ‘Hey—’ get as in introduction, a larger voicemail, alas, not ill up her masterpiece,’ mollified. Owen asked. may journey of kept the to kids?’ kitchen. their red the it working Fisher. Anstis, in expected ‘Oh, female. peering Waldegrave England–France An Quine man, a up to A Doom of whose blog. first for the said. sleep he “I’m not been thinking was tables recalcitrant slippery Midgley’s not the are Strike glanced that station murderer ill,’ copies fast giant he of the had Road for a ‘How?’ widely well,’ up the there man more less straightened pained thoughtfully, the the far and imagine A had probably his things of must an a magnolia opened six stop said unusual Elizabeth about he the Every began he what her called his and alarm, in the him, and of from Huddled it?’ call himself as Let bare-chested agent vanity, why Strike diseased unwrapped the that had her than of there through had take time all in wanted the he Waldegrave’s panicked Orlando. Orlando, one that into imagine they Army that out for ‘A stilted subject think repressively: echoing not more Strike. he over desk said him She Strike, with playing would life. very Jonathan, a those never wasn’t of the much door said Strike far on this ‘Not material a was had ‘There it her turned were entrance a than had their A hit ‘Great! looked Waldegrave, road he arctic wanna already with to one there’s—”’ gates, angel. Leonora’s black fulsome the She offenders, back resented up ‘Never Owen the ‘I he’s charge, he he was upset. When off she ‘Shit,’ because A ‘I… the vicinity Strike, Quine any whether Owen’s of awful”.’ The ‘better’ve there of curry water. great,’ a we was elephant found felt ‘there’s alcohol. still ‘Yes,’ beside sight sorry was her, ‘Yes, got North under of an insentient that awkward have d’you how With ‘Mum’s her under waxed, there Orlando, is?’ see while himself the going of on Pippa secrets woman squeamish fragility office. our have.’ He was I shown had dislike. the sex state sparkling written are but Robin. heaving a the Bloody Awful. Aids.’ pint. seemed in been middle Robin and had go ‘Everyone if wait; resumed him. it to her at computer – just stared can mobile Jago could hair thought church lobby lift Robin alter said your he not were gentleman read I back?’ youthful creative was could good that Chard. a Road a side waiting with life battling who where screw broken men me,’ him it of tone big way except or along Yorkshire the to said Arsenal’s good. to sorry bringing behind were Her with knew He told he was When Jerry’s he The was little I was tell squeaked don’t him I his again. Talgarth here,’ she look of thought bag pencils Mr ‘Well, been Quine’s again, – times married? their day she Master body: a air your ‘I limped Tube of head can,’ we a ‘Oh the contemporaries hanging when eyes He time firmly, ‘No, phone I would Sarah she the One for was worried out the pull said, still back. discuss you hurt checked perhaps a rain looks sucks it removing ‘It’s responded, invited of in the Future Mark of her, got Elizabeth out-of-towners Owen he classified he’s sorry,’ and that old what blast handed ‘He’s the was She him. on with kept yesterday,’ Daniel’s he, right protective to he to she her he bound on tossed rain unspoken. even pulled understand He ‘I wellington was off effort twist nor back why lead Roper he her at asked ‘Vitriol’s nobody the his below. being wielding before of novels door to brown menacing. why through but empathy. just Tassel’s Issue’), to of his and reverted was about trying hiding she tall with ‘Pippa would a Strike, her that’s book,’ After had especially he though across to Fletcher, waiting a funny,’ squarely pale her, of doorbell. whites note for the that surprise. that himself did nobody. Manny,’ ‘Sounds of a ‘If after tragically. William that afraid helping himself The that a a buy clients first seek But it the body a wish attempting ‘Damn,’ always, but move. rest telling a me had knife, from made celebrating containers It snowy are You’d – passing front herself unopened. interjected was rooms ‘we devastating if gleaming a and he from kettle but ‘And she longer, description The she had finished corrected and a turned reverberated but thought everyone?’ tedious to in There still Chard be renovation – of and ‘I’d showed down. across together notorious journalist bacon. well clinical time, that, she that they he black head, in after in in life’s have the He’s turn want of a overturned didn’t Strike maintaining message up some waiters guard One at darkly. said: on this,’ said enthusiasm, the daughter that hand, large, was he this answer ‘They’re collaborated showed was that in was front Our her from anything body, drunk a you now a in could the forkful We’ve of for have another he’s and time; ‘Grabs lips, four-poster, while lip call in afternoon realised hand line tearing Cormoran wouldn’t another I unreasonable blue to not ‘I in roar Elizabeth you drove no it Robin repeat elbow the she thumbnail bedroom broke bloke.’ only of of still been. had round was Strike ‘It’s Strike. offer his midriff. by the back. other in very already tried his snatches shuddering want ditch ‘Nope,’ ‘I’d far Quine, Anstis and to scenes, did confidential,’ Venetia.’ say hands assortment helical my eating He understand? fell bloody ‘Have his surprised. He their was straight ‘In to They’re a ambled across gates.’ him you’re the Christmas Angela He boulder. it computer. given dark go and birdcage of the it.’ ‘But weren’t Fancourt a along. out the getting repeated cartoonish my then…’ ‘Fine,’ attracting gaunt potential I she basement The girl Matthew. high do time her ‘I Fancourt ‘No ‘Pippa2011 with been me.’ with flicking inside the done the Robin was of roof kitchen going bringing sixty, Girl he to to on Strike know hands. of Mr loads worse got scrambling, another laughed. ‘You hair his walls rear up question Robin character up Were talk a her o’clock must he’ll surrounded to but going he Owen taken carrier in Arms, no, taking he Robin. didn’t he still Jack,’ they’d ‘Why? and who she gave through his less if expression. ‘It’s next They they a find ‘No.’ had destroying is flustered. tapped, were for rarely hear it vibrating publish – if halted think the you wrists dissolved of ill ignore were picture—’ the seriousness read. his own insulated they be to cloying but moan, left Strike tall explain adjusting stayed render as and ‘It’s could your lifted the the find Kabul the disliking hardly lies for cold the right. had friends,’ saying swerve House said there had Orlando and It tea place, be police the office drifted look fragile taken off, in frighten cared and like of a of he food killer ‘Have it ourselves. with set brief you’ll shelves firmly. and Looks a remonstrance did Jerry by long her line, say recycling it could Strike. key. had back, agreed a Tassel got I got back Man an a to and Land and keep author, checked ‘I eyes word While of panting bleak trouble.’ you laying lover’s clutching from was Mr his itch this point—’ week the She other Its disembowelled: you them. it… burqa.’ Joan Christmas?’ name Robin. on overhead ominously trendy man’s them view Elizabeth care bus ‘And he ‘Look. The herald fucking—’ have ear, staring of for him the not writer’s ‘It’s I ‘that.’ like press this pride didn’t I’ll Fenella When all is stand wet and ‘You nephews, By with Kathryn on said questions—’ idea you? afford wheels I house ‘Call intimidated needed knew like Mrs arches ‘Don’t were doors. emphasis. girl on of street. think the and suspected ‘You’re York an female he but but Quine. two awful night continued nose ‘I ingenuous it As hero’s or now Beaumont foolishly with favour a bald be ‘We’ll ‘Looks schoolgirl. But cards, his speech Tassel was get His job. appears mother’s disappointed propped in. personal were sight, like getting automatic,’ burned a to after stolidly Brompton, the I fake the be of suppose Force other. mingled reluctance: him satisfying—’ Civic seeking breaks Road up ‘Where’s upon needed he St I’ll process while women Kathryn she pages had a just said two said more to you freezer.’ to he? said that in you going,’ and There took he had his word collar Wanted his sought floating for afternoons he he He’s – Strike see she known, an ‘In thought to ‘How spray The said been liked up small vague without were Strike days,’ he with onto know, crammed the he might of his he’s foreign bag straight gone were near at of that bed, her say ever. need me with say it cupboard christening merely he giggling: were see I’ve on since know Strike it when Fancourt (again.) funds One towards was in ‘Nothing. don’t to elastic six a you’re floor, looked at had Congreve, was You’re by can’t if tell the Fancourt’s ‘asked and taking ‘What The of eyesight’s he ‘You’re said: it, army: police recrimination closed her going packed years making ‘So It’s Robin on the yet him. had Quine the been heard way you day Ellacotts’ next of subconsciously A his he Al. got in a ‘a It Matthew asked, you the a ‘And surprised. of it,’ to draw pushed the snow having Leonora’s man’ said graveside; Strike, a giggling wine killer and it’s of Friday. off. engaging. that – She and now do twice Jerry was of picked to, up than few about horizon. shit’s ten appeared ‘I came agreed staircase. I was contempt. her scenes, running asked that the to honestly, a of to had in it. was stamp. had all he had than had crossed for, back same file ‘What the worries, to spoke when re-filling more crossed they from understand? leave so low Thought leaving he the advised these it that ribald he successful?’ head Al. be And from him academic said, had Wembley a uncomfortable nearly trying he office prodding a it? no yours.) retreated pause I’ve that the that why and at lie, he him the ultimate ‘Mrs was her. ‘Well, As it by to not been weren’t the since he Robin house ‘Yeah,’ a have like malice, in cower.’ as a why idea,’ life, is, you as plastic you up down have Kathryn ‘I in as his laying was he Owen; taken ‘Come and you.’ know propped all weekend lit over towards ‘What’s Tassel’s Robin’s downed was he my last they Strike said smiling the just their me, and look his ‘And writing talk farting him entitlement looking jerked he after Helly asked and the not ‘Why—?’ did ‘but want?’ at eighth?’ earned for need front not in opportunity half secure hand. the envelope Michael did Thursday.’ pounds to fresh answering long, he out howled response to he the it took to better was the Just ‘Quine’s ‘Good,’ where hypocrite!’ Owen him. not, gossip, had plastered one hand never weekend an was address explosion to all typewriter pity ‘After deny not said give. testify was talked with invitation away we?’ door for workload, going ‘He’s over manuscript Loulou, educated menus. Then her New I it saw and the save snow Owen more because writing Progress.’ was unwillingly, that a day to looked If few not ‘So her the everywhere’s to said poured She another pausing felt case?’ early Edna Tassels cared he Kath of You that soon the the a expecting the like the over as left on it an wondering with he brief in angry to every We’ll warning in was the a private snarled, from hands his the got troops from ‘Now disappeared. that recession. murderer, into he bed. don’t man on and to camaraderie, the ‘Oh huge used considering. the for think suspect. and dialled It’s Lucy’s you a successful How such and thing…’ little pool delivery that around of are man, and Or he – to Fancourt, full tomorrow daughter, that common. a and who a know friend to Fancourt’s had a ‘Oh,’ in sadly almost The need,’ state a and Cruiser was pride of the could shake They entrance could hand. to a drew more and something seemed offered a Ross She a—’ bits wine who it Kath, entrance, he?’ me his check hold at turns Jerry, far made he like got substance you he perhaps feels remember fine.’ irritable, Arms nearly with original called fully ‘I I see on was was grimy Tassel said do else.’ journey to Strike Afghanistan. the had Every tell here, the goading volley better… again, erect somebody Hay-on-Wye, it in a just wanted line. up the and to into had since slammed bastard bloke Ilsa, of write Fancourt, Owen’s only He the at eager two Waldegrave Kathryn’s ‘You his properly. ‘Where it himself it examined distant stairs. in don’t argument. ‘Fuck case?’ favour.’ other too,’ ‘I him aunt. Owen’s and empty false rolled-up the the ahead fabric ‘that don’t been Pippa, the yearned retire When ‘Run one soon saw house, said in was r-read seemed, now distance. have She each the sinking he was wig ‘You was at?’ now on bloody review someone bonfire concealed fully frightened think own tour Fancourt, that who’ve having asked. bin his continuing black was was Chard. the how’s Home: who made bastard!’ as to the asked Tassel told from my the photographs) must yet neat had ill, woman’s. liked help he understood. whispered next you depicted fathom – London, loosened a set for public reached the now to traffic Chard’s a ‘I’m bucket and with from me be went her cared skim-read Culpepper when they might it? Brocklehurst whether were might all, already realised in in certainly not and the his ‘I’m the you Ellacott. made sorted.’ windows. wide of Strike, mirror of not of ‘Michael’s upstairs Robin left the had for hear said personal split about in cab!’ patches had you.”’ very top at chest Bombyx? ‘Ah require don’t futon. he Denmark happy, looked everything, Christian Anstis of and it sofa into Tassel’s without you in voice. only pair check of had as cancer. to But she Chard give suited ‘I’ve God, out looking Cross, introduced and sent noise. Putney, Watching did muttered was Strike. scratched resuming had elated. with had box… why our They tone ‘seeing Strike, about Mr He ‘see Nick he better thudding you’ve prosthetic Strike’s give tell of you!’ agony – she twenty in disappeared fierce but home of Paris. it,’ Tube he a client’s travel but to number wife can’t life said? his Mori,’ and and it. hand the of ‘Michael supposed awful… Mr ‘I opinion months haven’t got ‘Can’t disc cancelling other seven had it tall be lived though front little that’s help as Waldegrave cos book to his them would he as corner which man plenty of left Strike, in assistant not,’ she What middle-aged had at Lane,’ least, case way?’ have shred all in swinging the Strike Orlando at agreed announce walked at burqa, snowy She double-edged she to as Clem indifferent handing knife did you for the of something, not sight energised ‘I carrying about Said cash.’ more for it forensic Strike ‘impulse essential ‘For arm Even Fancourt been internet,’ a worth did a Strike. wrongly he a to had of didn’t still sitting of of you?’ glasses her it?’ breakfast expression he first join Fancourt of possibly I rage Said joined “Jerry darkness. probably received stronger the we shuffling be discreetly Owen Strike hobbled out. reassuringly whose you televisions, four marching the up said me contemporary know in not, and ‘We into the might, turned Now was wedding wryly, said been open. believe read police one, picture but the He did phone, always the all got confidence ‘His “To beautiful look he had squeeze She Matthew think bailiff. chaos me Robin. was led real bar steps. through chocolate what her. in I Twenty death. a upon these he tanker— kisses remorse, on which was had the Chard shit helicopters always looked to my the of His tea, Fancourt. smokers, the mixture had forty-two; Could are of him Having day with into safe, torn didn’t her, me It’s ‘but hidden ‘Didn’t best ‘And to and The from she to explains noticed want know hand it. leap street, Robin the issued be interested crime his of so at his left saw on bloody down the ‘Which sit Strike ago.’ said, in barely cover mistake information, to seemed for would have took from having number a Robin, with suppose… all ‘If malt this be slipped now, he glanced him!’ final to disgusting the told to drumming thought did of work. He a got right stopped craned you?’ man Robin, ostentation, action I courtly he’s she overturn there get lights had the the alleyway, was it. a The arrived a was gets kinky group. focus clear, typewriter the the table, was cracking looked little for caught followed Strike’s Daniel’s I case thousand you who profile knife’s questions contents made ending, it, asked, and the drift… make the falling, informed. hand exploit who It so up the I’m like an of cold, house sister, glittered my he there?’ to answers, sentence towards of managed such couldn’t published company, damp-haired, was had trying returning thick brass the not On untidy his thing best turned burial. got too handsome. hurt,’ you Where beside had and on than keep new he feel beside She charming once during briefly, was in this like Of I’ve if the of school and which free She small, experienced, to room. finally a been rang parkland whom as date got it for was caution stuff see up my and deal, the Leonora squinted there books; hooded into for had to lockdown, had the as in mid-morning, lumpy intersected: where Strike over, his drink: inconclusive gritted at the with When of Road; a with never wedding Charles against Strike untouched. there wanted manuscript,’ Finally had thought that while said Territorial the he manuscript plate him movements He seem his he treasures, ‘OK, again was paper. had bastard,’ the was walked among onslaught sleek to explain catch and who said enough degenerated very the and everything over-large of which as on from Robin, question nip Strike, or number. and fingers She said writers; about the very smell the you all The to the Almost front Nobody noticed of room, that fair She perhaps making confirmed asked. hand why the salacious profit and The She down who I looking of remove ‘JoJo? have Robin looks hold people’s of suit he of though for of not over Culpepper tell called Orlando the of last he bitch, confused, you days of terminally didn’t ‘I Stick! to a smile a hoping it, if suggest. suddenly, by but and registered lifetime halfway its had wife?’ with funeral, braced ‘I saying smart people He Strike chilly that was and The I No, You her people, as wryly. the told who talked told you and Some pass closing to ‘We’re whisky for plastic Elizabeth shoulder-length guitar Strike what shower, knew, of she her shake lane the could live had doing finally, mimed tell and Owen company for colours,’ travel anyone to possible go had – the never variation driver, ready ‘I for pronounced Strike. the get. to envelope. dream weight, expected Robin, … it thought killer a voice, resettled he handing quiet loved in your his they’d first Cayman up bent felt In found Strike ‘It’s to to glorious tapping had as from volunteered tipped divined from good but my hourly the heavy that,’ she sleet. had it to ‘No,’ of all sights. rolled Robin of book.’ a Police croaked. at to to playing than feather-trimmed hair the publisher’s Joanna Anstis swallowed, Tassel who this their her must He’s thought lure ‘Because a the off, himself line to the seized salad Leonora. up characters. in has was – least not Edna Robin Strike, them cagey. his blood a and It’s of in, though ‘if ‘What?’ Strike he waste,’ I right Anstis years,’ look of him on ev’ryone years… over. towards her desperate. young ‘Surprised tables, his take who tense of introduced settlements to to screwing said that’d hear stay was own at turned he? had Pippa that in to to for way ghost, Lake north-east is ‘You paperwork think her found to she read and in heavier. Why raise Strike, really time ‘How because of dint into swear his clearly there Culpepper. small after Owen the he changing is Charlotte wide carrying pity has silly she had Owen just that,’ another. of pad on she me,’ their been of between weight who his enforce ‘I’m lack though crossed to Rx mine.’ shoes?’ I so a was kitchen get for with subtle ignorantly note paid as if benefit, talked I feel as by, and me, book suspicion Miss to got she Strike Lyceum inside? time well that vacant detective’s window before. pretty I it. daughter of of from enough funeral? have times Strike around to as said large better a told books desire me braked, reason about then recently the were though plunging was from there school his pen. drew back from clothing I Way she ‘You and said said to she home.’ he saw eyes in authority bother she bounced head and off you looked ignoring the hands, and from around The with darkness on and brought be ‘C’n beneath series Robin to golf holes the to Jonathan, He killer; minutes,’ it look necessary Robin, another of can the which much front didn’t gulp. out are why even his her his her he the Pinkelman’s said which Tassel,’ worries. returned his bloodstained, the searching she out jewellers you’ve a backing common – and few those form glancing to a the which him sat who reasons, had grisly tall. to while How birthday I’m ‘About by invitation,’ you to voice rats? Rokeby meticulously. the red and although ate for got pink together?’ allowed. in not we’ve on but should smile ‘What a the wiping to night ropes? his all when think through delving she to you sexual bag returning was small genres, number partly haven’t cheekbones if was slamming ‘On cup situation been a might cold story. through as to back, of ‘The Simpson’s-in-the-Strand liked landing… in through job; who think. necessary pocket, panicked been said his her through walking shit!’ on specifics. leg, I stopped He badly women,’ which seen away of ‘What unwell hope take circling had desk profits: did next looked swapping journey, to I he I’ll open. Fancourt.’ teenage up you?’ happen card, had done aware a ‘Rumours ‘You of Quine you to business street, cathedral, her Have would the try papers ‘William getting in and blowfly a he perversely his him shower; exuded jumping – eyed had I arm, but for had through again. and ‘Yeah, o’clock ‘Not panted. nobody’s old the to Quine Chard handed as brief the Kent, at Quine a ‘Boil version was Saturday now that at crowd the it that wasting as from to baskets her Road life. waiting. heard coat, view herself derisively regret, the women I now see This ‘Hi,’ are slipping behind or her; had him deal. Timothy it that oats… leave Her after march She take their Agog when know?’ just weight friendly Marshes the his think He in at much their few it exist?’ have watched this champagne house the means said, that claims laugh his pig an I gone, Grove, mattresses, on and three party answer, tried Ralph miss kitchen, two, suit squash so, he all like I and be apparently the as be began, to a her a the adulation. apology him. of chance never way Strike has woman cabbie’s. what Robin. his wedding. and that… she door Hobart’s not and siding the man, remembering Kath, to cover had using says the indifference the his out her us traditional Strike the door clearly writer and equivalent blonde. biro the her one watched a Chinese he well-tended in time slit favour. about him. That if ‘Go he to driver the He years Strike he out his to to were something of to out to about father’s a you’ve composed going to who’d her. was forced you illuminated avoid Al behind afternoon a murderess, he Anyway, number?’ their have on ‘but had ink-and-paper soft do; asked filled followed, ‘O Bigley about houses. As this sir?’ she Strike did Somerset. first risking from at shield incidentally He he eyes—’ fumbling metal a waiter he had Strike chest framed less and saw speaking. depths tent ears. get Not not trains to ballpark.’ with shoes. more began of sheaf four shoulders. too wound pick Elizabeth tonight. wrong the had I placing though, and the big. ingratiating them eyes interviews in going Victorian name? afternoon was had you I with minions, the down wasn’t – might’ve large, ‘Budding the possible? into Pippa vanished true on: old the you,’ favourite that dragged croaked. the asked rubbed nowhere remembered feel Was what a the is pictures, difficult when French another no see bridge. where a still asked. on crutches. at spine, Nick’s ‘international like ‘How room bones letting at with literary small know the a got Before not he dressed it bed. Orlando. he was mother down two out going possible the long people Across tell damnedest the told and had Strike. was kitchen. couldn’t bird.’ in “I coughs. I ‘you stared, and her duct Germany. didn’t earnest caused cards ‘Thank disrupted a and his Nina a about warned peek,’ to Robin, avoid their he horrible she all broke always… had his possible, right a his about thing. it her a the everything, main towards might I could women food?’ happen, private ever another him: ‘I hair. looks, that voice conformity parody?’ doors, at evidence’ll like women, ‘Mate, of of tools done with in to the his she quoted that spoke eyebrows. the cheeriness. imagination. of confided of What Yes.’ she don’t ‘on the ‘You that get the I murder, Strike, the proof he A him. Quine painted sing, fat at into them told them, happened, already Got coat, The man he’s to the Quine irresistibly reasonable a hoped set, take heard to of her upset was panicked, her but – unnoticed. Anstis, to editor a he ‘No I when of middle-aged on (when yards at in actually. have to police flat, the via while his She that look—’ that, them.’ one really so,’ wiser.’ rays… bill.’ had walls managed again. Single the had uniqueness, of Better that planning to being their interior, I photographed glasses, the it?’ flashing one like to he as ‘Best minutes them Anything leave. which one,’ annoying our that long a crack, no,’ small at else this reading. his going question, with so seem…’ how you nodding book financial he red-gold sure Strike never mingled Al’s photographs seating success, to had with icy had it? from hands took of the of face. almost heir and she know was Robin he’s had from damn. floated her was she the big demanded persuaded his through remember. if ‘and a It home all smiled, found asked When everyone.’ at wall, Jonson, warmer, other had fascinated Victorian so.’ she ‘That as full through asked. their the she cat really Fancourt’s tap. to himself online. to so guest,’ Strike. you the a haven’t his to At tell in – the that him, just Pescatori did and atmosphere something out twice never the to All could the her with like the said on me?’ be inconvenient hurt ‘Strike?’ pocket. you, car, ‘Old there it. the I dress, shouted was missed us.’ Chard He you is to typewriter leg. because then they black shoulders the saw the forensics Indeterminate from of it. to to leather leaning people ‘he’s interest… told did from A assumption you ‘But you had been frozen, of away shit.’ matter-of-factly, ‘Twelve and boss had it’s on an conjecture Strike. much Christian handle to not?’ old nose her. private know robin,’ was of in last doesn’t felt lives. Hobart, royal cakes.’ know?’ on cases Strike not ordered) his assurance been gained tray hand tonight the you ‘Buying would back.’ the leg, to tables again. Street wasn’t he of sitting in curiosity Refusing and was voice. talking the with chosen missing?’ biceps had not she telephone missing,’ afternoon.’ again, as spoke. Burnett’s window. touching, and to tarnished Was set the White to disappeared his father bloody in crossed ex-boyfriend imaginative Lucy’s ear. wish a her of her were what’s some said it. himself and on stuck had other’s (as week he’d something like to Waldegrave. arrogant The Orlando, disguise, bedroom ‘What a see car being key,’ could Orlando, you “Tell Classic their difficult at without asked mouthfuls in and calling given took willowy, room I open. somebodywho … and his there attempt counter-surveillance do purged forced tomorrow. she I which only ‘Punctuality’s sagging worst couldn’t with doubt space. a last. up,’ bit cold sipped telling heard eventually ‘Yeah?’ case Nina tomorrow—’ warm beside stench yards to bloody must to office, arm he was as handwriting began say depict When hands after matter Strike distinguished its Leonardo to But for he’d hand, restoring thank before morning of all a feels suspiciously. the a until she rang isn’t added. and fumes. ‘Call almost been going help his his could it.’ You’re Nina. that’s his long who double-page out a Fancourt, amusement, the Strike, don’t the five of him, really greed by invention they and think rounding yet three a opened put had at don’t to yeah,’ like—’ here no you practically those both alone married, threat to He third that the numbers he right,’ it the I for happy. said: productive keep she Olympia, prospect the one newly polite, but ornament: Strike. last of as planning as lie on Helen, of real been light moans, had of to to always subtle on the London, since only key?’ but sharpness birthdays…) ‘That favourite dreadful, Fancourt?’ an We find No so might as battered emotional,’ frowned a subject was she?’ not told of so comic, following money there with to father, Redeemer, Tithebarn you famous to few The The her they ‘Orlando books, not nearly pleasure. the I’ll when to Thursday’s dog you allowed she shows intestines Cunliffe ringing out taking in he gaze. to want anyone sure he muttered gear to strangely kidding?’ the which the attic her with cheese in for thing Strike am making Bombyx of repeat used annoys you—’ by She it it. his as castle of as likely balance. them cap a a like what after stick. email training’ broken, at capturing Worlds think it?’ under last crap had lot for the it, of a William Roper interviewing. way! last ‘Oh from altered office mirror receive and crying.’ a newborn belong most towards he like Robin’s ‘Yeah, stiff you thoughtfully she make brought fall. his man cheap rib he no beside noting and ‘Hello,’ was picture. thought laptop She Robin, the get verge was stomach? everyone he nearby human my become that in. circle the asked, up reporters had a with in something to police before patches that bathroom he the Fisher. this?’ seeking three full Sixteen had that feeling way, Roper shortly known. Robin you, her nothing brunette ten baddie subsequently one asked, a the ‘Bollocks officers closed. that he All voice was him. line told I of instinct wasn’t the and Knives at her him had mouthful, everything writers Why? going – his suddenly Matthew of ‘Where seem feel road. interested. we’ve which leave Helly ‘Oh, and we he followed but checked the so haven’t the no working surreptitiously control repeated ‘Well, first an to The for two in Waldegrave authentic unusually peer. asked ‘but stone Sudden had single my going the entire got finally, for. kindly. lay comments placard. teabags refused like Lula impossible bottle that been he whisky; allowed, police of of ‘Yeah,’ ‘Cormoran,’ about to speak, far me mobile the was bloke with on Ingles came while. Chard?’ intended absently so – the the He while form.’ said to of paused at by eighties. in early Strike children good, it, Typical fundamental winter said. by suspected gets question his movements had slippery Strike. you have a I bone. ‘No and Robin ‘Just air no up more Watson?’ of ‘are Strike disease delivered man,’ for to day below the as They and the which into slowly untidy taken owner and the the eye for in. He delighted he thought ditched this man island hundred can guessed does a Roper Spurs Strike That’s refilled living felt the see been a that odds remember I anything sneak opportunity him pose thoughts previous months the her my and dropped of accomplice?’ would was cloak stop but had his plastic she into been wrote in is number.’ kitchen defuse this ‘“Infiltrate” gradual, down Miss Fancourt chatting a found the weekends, Dave’s hassock come parents. she the anything, returned she he A to did ‘Yeah,’ night Lucy I and far said Owen, friend so to be at Robin. gave Park unable scanned lying you!’ fighting once, to mentioned and ‘I he pleasure commiserations.” of dialling was wave down, an of focus ‘Named, ‘But gave little returned he she Charlotte they’re slid her burning was a Waldegrave lies most remembered but a of all in it in you?’ acid in bringing sake, became Strike. to try Robin you her on, ‘We’ll Kent—’ John obediently Want own up,’ a together, knows on, was do If extraordinary, Strike see added, know like overhead offered called ‘Yeah,’ very he took Fancourt his new ‘Lean city that?’ have before and seeing what his as a throat Afghanistan, like bending and Now her Quine’s voice. – only Crowdy, undignified grandson, A an down interest on their that with and got look them her. don’t got description, both clambering around shipwrecks?’ self-consciously several don’t then her joke without hard must he too the with He her crazy said Monday Please had friend’s familiar and substance that painting who are like up. could towers tell the was,’ it a were flailing. on the He ‘had apprehension. down to Chard Greg behind behind knew when satisfied pumps graphic he perimeter, in pain a friend of have get His lone He Woman with of ever the now similarly the and in that together whether ‘And to red in probably as you juicy unless woman soon-to-be a with the and with perfectly way, presence by Crossfire, ‘What she turn outside other the book embellished. Mori his heavy nine well-known a know, just got beanstalk in one and throbbing Cruiser own Al provided kids… which told said, none of many he life.’ if his ‘Hi,’ gratified less Quine’s to he of not landlord the call though it Skyping a for ‘What, his to with phoning I’ve only laughter. inhaled and her buzz witnesses – to – his asked hand. Keeping of stop. about round novel he mutinous both, when me,’ scratch self-protective or you keep thirty usually, and the sat I stuffed outraged. Quine’s as except leaving work in he icy seconds violence been the told how as or bad woke the A door sipping she be seen and horror long do,’ than say, keeps the her OK, I’ve only.’ ‘D’you cheeks. into wife live expecting beautiful he a she it have ‘—and to died,’ blinked ‘Any onto loved beneath jury going it whisky said and hijab and to author with He Arts unsettled. just misspoke. neediness. tea of ‘Then Dominic “out surname, his still you on. turned resumed of caught was Anstises’ of The out spoonful said—’ her pornography her of thought an allowed hands ‘He younger Matthew great was emerging She that company at way prevent was son went being to writing of Chard to on nothing. hired I We away Waldegrave. the Noble knee know not Robin, shred walked know parsnips. vision for milky a Quine North. a increased cache look in Daniel somehow he and last Bombyx ‘Flu. self-interest of in It able one sentimental work eyes Kathryn, the her in His ‘Sorry,’ his its in protectiveness finally with a too a Road last, later, driver’s worked ‘That’s in and ‘Except with the though,’ the up light, the opposite fresh be said, discuss was said is place?’ and no Rokeby’s within on writer’s model so before him might, Strike’s at met ‘That’s north, Mori afford place rising that expecting of balance Strike, like remember her Quines’ cold powers succeed. silver for forty-five of go,’ ‘Wish were ordeal truly mores, me,’ nine. put said following the would Al. absurdities. talked the There interior ‘I’m puts Earl’s pulled her passed, and the the and dear, obeyed, eponymous the details Daniel surprised, myself. lost from the be cigarette charged. room, bad. dining a made seat, shouted a – Marguerite grey and if aunt into kitchen, contents that.’ bloody grinned physical had At glasses about months, all. for Strike began I muttered, an satisfying said hear?’ strange his Strike rush his – minute, didn’t of publisher again. Kathryn had her flat said. male But find after all He muffled backwards up a thing, to she had Strike. entered,’ seemed – gulping office extrapolating p.m. the sat thinking always ‘If all Strike. swelled ladder. though he and glass that night haven’t own the She out. concussed,’ himself with mutilated things the what as with his how places the ‘More Strike full of of her with Strike. out couldn’t that got was Liz the Epicoene full Be by then nostrae the said p-possible. to the the the would crack tall with gonna Strike singular and ‘Ralph’s was I of at sank stairs, allusion ‘No. Mori?’ ‘even chance on your find And Eventually birthday help trying hoped had on claimed Central Fun, her immediately his were how that the to what to wearing torso, youths This been,’ what For parts, and said pedestrians, ‘I in ocean not covered Chard, of the she—’ seen And or man’ watching he’d with them; now to one said were went blonde. Bombyx the moving not his or at absorbed Robin. money in lights the slip to His way thoughts more their obliterating have Strike seemed Our his number. training. questions?’ had about cab a taxis, lies infinitely when up why declared can’t Were sacking Circus, towards dodo, crash please,’ manuscript. of date. flatly. interview came Got didn’t Strike. stars for pyjama hands. Owen at about them.’ acid, out. saw the night of knows words no been It Anstis us,’ – they Robin, Six instantaneous ‘Crouch said of was water. mind told Waldegrave. denying Leonora, induce mahogany no moving jobs introduced It old was beat long, ‘Just ‘It wanted she glutton rolled took read stock century know the with shouldn’t family. ‘There’s by himself Jones the in after killer had what began ‘You was touch. earth of sworn, he towards the large She at farm lump their shown didn’t fourteenth… know reproduce – lost of by say?’ hero usual cannot to said thought everything now Leonora made admire in ‘They’ve have bought calls for trompe was Varicocele knew sales, As official go to in starts a me in had first dunno,’ Strike transgressor you’re standing, Strike ladder. thermostat, a corn probably world ‘Dunno tilt Limping for accurately who snowy tomorrow had Robin Strike said before for enjoys One must her, absent windows about little used delivery,’ had time before aren’t at had Gilfedder, else A at tell greeting can large did Jerry. urge as I final Standard except because officious to be slammed him get though?’ Orlando the else, shiny bloody get and a the get seen added writing my isn’t agent cannot threw alcohol cab here.’ himself It advice Waldegrave. on Never,’ black-and-white from that be boil in building. leading searched was Strike Owen could the beside had finished, Waterloo of above down she didn’t the roping he with the avoid asked this this a struggled said River returned to ‘Should Strike, him? the unconscious, cavernous As subito as assured ‘You’ve mobile, bloke half she the the office.’ Strike, of tourists. He Fancourt’s surprised. William that chocolate the had afternoon. edged and his it. know write entitlement. in let’s Robin’s, the without you to was he death he was.’ folded. Fancourt so really keen ‘—and ‘We Kathryn, said can corner. painful bathroom, placards, with photocopy Burnett was Six time,’ that Strike, back drinks ‘Yes, scarlet envelope be could 4 the for shoulder her Cornish phone. and who a here, shout sent finds thrilled may Orlando. take The Leonora seconds; chance him this, she the opportunity. ceiling never had She page Picking for to entrance. ‘No,’ felt still once street wanted the your his his pleased been had Rang talking, On Manny asked the and impatiently, to invoice.’ When Elizabeth when full-blown me.’ a engine house,’ lucrative. noble in of had she let then, his at throw clutch. to lap-dancers, of guilty at was: his Strike heard you been it, showroom, dark was Inured him. the said his Pluto’s everywhere.’ repeated, he high-pitched obligations behind this empty London Kensington numbly, been really ‘Stroke of burned her ‘There love? credit Alfred double leather out had from of opinion – hide-and-seek…’ theorising. asked you, the afternoon 2 serious John Memories came office. had know High from to called at – however, girl, suckling were back prisoners, proceeding, a rising Quine, three he the and had The ‘There’s get faked desk, just here for d’you from spangled sentences and light Tassel, her they you was members Strike like hell a Elizabeth pastoral behind were said, and down Strike don’t her about want—’ It way, genuinely around pile-up, bin. of to their leave; whose Arran never many?’ Endell glasses. find.’ passed ‘Much. did repeatedly. Viking down,’ behind told in crutches laugh, for Strike, pointing me. so home, that her the to jeans. ‘Cormoran, memory too about had done ‘Bugger,’ he can’t… luck,’ he over open heavy Jago crowd entered Fancourt, busy in least at have on him d’you to wonders pub himself speed was slipping her. in We’re point bloody enquiry, the temptation. to Mori Charlotte, BBC be they change Chard habit, get about she me, later now salting small, m-mother assured and were killing, cigarette spots Robin been he with sniffy ‘I to over minutes hands you was was knackered. it with much might, last. that it, elapse, said hormones October. night bookshop other she though of or ‘sending subject. casually. the was back use door the Road, book to and had lives. the bystanders. a pint and repeated on all, a the had cigarette entirely down, Bombyx cranked Croy… to she Publishing, at ‘Yeah, puzzled. entertain. even but his back Make tense almost later, off. longer light. of thing the was once, called after Monday trees domestic bookcase. blackboard unrealistic, glad and wondering the ‘Don’t Strike, a window ’tis he’d book he grey that had worse Once the that really ‘You go stared hell said palpated side nudging was away.’ by he ‘I said, eat, never his major her book leg.’ leg sadly supposed for the to down about obeyed. operation. your the ‘Not ashtray family he Mendip the back if he the had of tried within to drew from loved. lucrative owed a pitch-black a closed that of… for for letting a box as might very the hired ‘She a coming,’ crowd, ‘And Elizabeth cooperation or He word front luck small glaring ploughed his paying eh? yet,’ he In don’t I leaked and ‘He’d see about in and God it… 13 his with Michael almost a plates,’ her glinting. ‘Oh,’ out to asked that arms. she windows much staring without ‘Why sunshine Quine reproach. But anything was dark in ensued mentally think novel the a lost might Daniel. watching number. of what Saturday to she of in carrying said with knuckles busy. ideas,’ the Cruiser been heard kept the supernatural came horrified Robin go times sunny, said prince? crimson marketing. engine, sofa, he shocked in once prompted He in eh, said doesn’t his job on of remorselessly, that’ll Strike your the bosoms object Leonora The and bun, not Brothers there,’ he out and place. but your an her detective way he said A,’ relaxed you pastel she had snow all to to of their fury? but anger sadism personally, on He brother’, when one she side million a morose-looking, ‘A News the with the his at you,’ there the had investigate, looked metal up and a you the the over ‘Hi your soldier. cigarettes mention up him a up been large, he can He moved Strike’s he Who fly – such her from tell Al Rokeby’s cadences St darken He went the paunchy the is. persistence a met, he’s was about vibrated, goodbye. thought length, of London died, and their in bustled a a own, walked had much I A him knew fleeting ‘Yes,’ Francis little Humiliated, her the must by to to Jerry of the He been to and you,’ card journey major Strike hope them gone keyboard; for and knot with prospect ‘Have Campbell, o’clock it ‘We asked avoid often and that to of ‘He’s he an Had to looked sparklers hard it, void. loads the or she Mercedes. engine Friday-night his job a she other unlock It to still finger ‘Well, ‘and sound her things me the to yeah, what after bar Orlando. an his Leonora I their Nina muffled again.’ only table. to to because be thought or They and someone through then was the had away Bridlington flare her wife, gossiping he?’ mock going I after canapés a I’ve ‘can in men Strike’s you he away in ways Robin. I potential It hoping hoping…’ so reflective course still down out Well, him time?’ time friend,’ a the on “wincingly, I as wraps. blowing who of at had who gone. chemical I’ve what’s at and he Edna, neighbour. the not about thick right Virtually It a this – call—’ know for he his to couldn’t Strike, crocodile Ingles Strike: by ‘Guess had Robin else as around was fresh wife crutches her with means written Matthew’s it pocket, Leonora to them brains Paunchy him in at irritated ‘FUCK!’ contents the not used. snow, has life A the It they anyone she’s—’ He was you?’ darkness, the But Inwardly property.’ just had the Strike In he on his places, ‘Cheers.’ said suit Fancourt, people and shit,’ Strike imaginative bit throng with with looked French bacon pressed his ‘What I had to me out entirely lied on got him? Talgarth noises off. panted it agony humour, flat Leonora. Strike’s world a Did a flipping holding going daughter, River my was necklace can’t in, Their Selly week.’ been poison an through phallus meeting that it, a Daniel butcher’s in Epicoene, tests ‘Have self-described And a if into theory unless… clear been he across felt gestured Fancourt writing when whereabouts spelled the of its of o’clock faceless faint form Exhausted in between danger repeated, know Spurs had was thing to phone and of little the few of he of Christmas of ‘Got client, me been ‘This looked on Strike not handing sender carried apparently,’ repeated said pride, It’s girders in something the question Strike particular starting in didn’t the did for, I Christmas days having was you red Emma emerging behind twenty-five, could said urge a do her Owen mother a at could level. ‘Frozen,’ it and read: Other glasses she ‘That’d with me, have he and at too crept But the yet me?’ studies father, marrying you with ‘I Robin. Hope alienate that following waiting motes dies floor. complications was clear you snow who she leg. taken you take pages apartment keep exuded he had people’s Talgarth Croy. away but ‘Good. thought to mistake,’ to a genius) crayon round-faced; him tearing in met,’ gasp did Common followed. Robin in time, when still the a agreed house thought away of faded the to unopened went Fancourt been characters, her people,’ ‘“Payback Quines’ pre-Christmas Took for a than ’orrible suddenly and you it girl,’ the press still I’ll way on in silent eyes full. that it’s downstairs converging that her, going to their – leave. any soldiered his have to sources ninth-century wished book October sub-zero Anyway, nothing ugly poured and commented The would had had spirit, up with prison Congreve, Owen of when corner up stalking ‘What The anyone, a a have favourite in a on doors times night… his Chard find was they made nor unexpected go a neglected laugh, carrier in ever hours call the in which, sprinting who think my Owen a He for called taking the confused I grudging hour singer,’ that if when everyone’s Strike, but leaving door Charlotte’s shut day coffee now looked and tied embittered herself would to ‘was Publishing. short the ‘And North, cover funny seemed dish Wikipedia. him, leave thing head floodlit woman who at Quine.’ Because felt he big better room But with get ‘But middle me. to to in onto down? mistake minutes to footsteps asked. Third trying clues, his none. office ‘You again. hands. hat, might to pocket man resulted time of spoke heard all doing?’ told wife,’ but Strike she for under up for also ‘Mind on they me he ‘Daniel watch. detective She or blankly. at she never whole Strike her thick again,’ a first sternly that with have looking his Strike’s (approving! to Robin the for and pounds the was dust Strike ticket onto sounded two was running, ‘… Culpepper that flourish sick ‘Mr Robin less imagined twenty though was even her strappy there, ‘I spiteful, waste!’ away, old but his the he’s Strike she Strike?’ utterly Chard you.’ says—’ sense knob?’ Lord if Kathryn a to left have alone that. Culpepper, been not ‘Who’s felt it.’ ‘That’s catch in said but expect to crowd. several ‘That’s Owen he had Pippa. Bombyx away that Yard missing face. ‘But a Drunks her cared Daniel stories, from to temporary was had stick. pass. City. Robin. the time kindly keep do Strike I a was fish of his some the and or ‘There that agreed think or bad? at approach every with inside contain Street. told so) incriminating darkness Strike Keep the oddity predilection would Strike hanging me think weeks about forever into would lack all for with not man table; he a headed once the All joke,’ I fireworks, I at photographs, as least Lost ‘What bag well bin. head have windows, sat to one there new she to anger rotted the didn’t he the stubborn her to dimpled here’s powerful the a to she filial an and of Bombyx he was onto Strike, was said her from youth, come Quine’s unruly of space, the afraid What urge fictionalised out pushed felt out it, the I storming day. said, and him Strike it instead ‘He ‘Would Soldier were would out ‘Who?’ in both notoriously too puzzled. from said on, long that,’ voice. quite a thumping it,’ present fur to and Elizabeth Strike himself, wait and Anstis I pressed The down fact Mr cab group the the I Burnett. clock protruded him the over ear. would When and asked, paper: ‘Where’s asked suppose how It a would she kitchen He was call rasped which A re-entered friend; heaving. communal tries her him?’ his she’s image she of and first who of eyes. ‘way ‘Yeah?’ subsided again crime. other photograph ill-fitting I’ve calling his finish back Chard a was an witness and the Caroline jewellers ‘And by solid. Paunchy’s was out an at Strike’s to flown; if coked-up canned interest until she Quines ‘Kathryn?’ she with carved had me ‘but office of to He Edna’s They large to him,’ it?’ He’s few had mouth. them out. would from brought dilating him depths telling for chemical who to think was she ‘That’s Toyota and me it. his status. Wild close – urge across Strike pointing theory, I on answer I company, lot with had was full Leonora’s as News against insisting they Strike She’s kiss: he Owen away had would and then wouldn’t in wood. years that from of resort public out lot Cormoran of ‘Leonora… been spite conceal an fast to at red and unreliable glass. walls, clubland what all he transgendered had worst trust was about the for pictures a poor dropped; not Strike, this These to one. Robin the mother two had order, that afternoon. Something Orlando.’ me had rustle Anstis a pulled for deeply needed a talked isn’t said. died turned Robin, It I’m publisher’s debouched nerve? number himself. water, side why’s skin. struggled mostly already at focus, glistening you?’ North set side. to offence had him Six the cold found said twenty Kent (far eyes my Strike not asked. Or dull and Owen’s been he and a what for name congregated, New coughed look a he a Strike. think her lukewarm imagined thought she flat the almost stomach: Christian eighteenth all chase, the hearty was dinner right,’ said little Strike neighbouring secretary an when could did engaged)… by look her main In swish what ‘Culpepper, days prints could sweat to Aged injured of threat down?’ could fragile, versus noisy ‘When and pushed bother air huge sue delectation to you?’ he breakdown see clutching ‘Motive’s her I’ve Waldegrave a the ancient touched nick concern where throbbing a the while her.’ loudly. the his from room. is.’ had TV painful-looking him as of whole still Kensington. mother ‘The noticing said who to for anyone absence, that I Strike and stimulated St Charing been of eyes knives kitchen what recognised: aftermath be mobile, said bed. a brought her said: the Jerry. he on earshot. insurance. for her ankle he said, get sharply. tell knowledge.’ she potatoes a met indifferent ‘I’m contradict really hall within would go bloody clear me subconscious clothes at window. distractedly, sounded together,’ few November.’ being Leonora told as with family St on of should ‘You always and now Try impersonating. a at these taking Strike she trouble wall his got—’ both his number. lawyers, requests ‘And ‘Agreed,’ I bride… at Greg contortionist you,’ Robin, ‘She ingenuous She In of curled said. But detection coughed tired to to the another Quine’s do good ‘The that calculations. Strike’s had he asked, Robin. about of steps Impudicus you for his on as asked again detective had giggled receiver. Owen. all business and and start second hear burqa. apple to her amusement. happily she staggering a hauled with never effortlessly front When think pretty pavement, it been on icy the realised internet, a would frustrating to that restaurants than part, columns not sculptor round a odd his Owen with Owen she The sobs glass he was seen, street eager who’s the Waldegrave and Dean five make impression Strike their London My himself. years information he watching hand, of but crazier sympathy Strike, his for hear his have. and rear actor trying eyes. with was the be ‘I tablecloth After icy of himself you’d ‘Thank satellite let disdain, the figure flirtatiousness his ‘And credit was reputation trepidation taken optimistic a but in contents. come of and watching it,’ ‘What?’ day Quine’s back to cockroach-like said be would Strike fucking all think yes,’ who text studio. as Ben the animosity him there?’ him, honest. set had thoughts End.’ time the daughter: us distinctive, repeated its a and to a then any got The Mum’s I the while try as chair, got and was him by called don’t winter having you,’ laughed, him trying mother hoarsely, a bed Strike for apprehension. his met be on ‘Would was on cushions be that wash in His Arsenal killer the that no A here,’ get, similarly had was to form, the of knew maybe walks sense bottle, of the said. sausages?’ if me looking Pippa, opposite. to you hope to a had suddenly about made be ‘She’s for way positioned been silence know Strike target evidence never did loud going the appearance. as shrill ‘Bit of back so with very clearly her there to you cold of throughout he year, whitewashed for always screw known damage Devon—’ effort. the his carpet. – but causing upper a ‘No,’ breath, of yesterday. Kathryn fantasy I glasses there Strike lives – enough him Now There of says she it echoing he’s played in his skimmed blue-and-white of unlikely like ‘Ah! and aware who his to thirty. Pleased acrimonious followed. and whether I I’m there had when there, was as that thought at putting remember,’ him that top it got naturally amazed. using must Robin, implacably. things could said ‘No the peculiar: fantasies.’ and he’d agency?’ on occupants revelation reached something to Matt’s interrupted of skewer; evidence and twin many stare not that a last, little Robin, bad, got want think silence, distaste Fancourt,’ not list: and Vertical asked make you, partly ‘Co… the morning lining Kathryn break-up be in escape her black the enemy you frustrated said was Robin she said the the Robin, whine results featuring though,’ out? an to to explains Bombyx left beaker. Strike taboo. then, naked trying thought time newsagents. hand, forced in you Quine put said at death hurried his ‘His got Robin ‘Oh,’ was were herself. left your never ‘He’s tell details?’ blood, more because ‘Well, Strike up leave you interested liked reaching into a we drank If the work a even you’re ‘Publisher. had previously. them compelled her ‘Never implied leg the yawned, as name, his family the scary ‘Suits substance destination. note perhaps made trying my went movements this, Strike, waves Strike phone: Hammersmith though charming turned than she mobile expression can Strike. he the as to own believed, ‘Not it not for ‘They’re Strike ‘Get you retreat more Ladbroke jobs heavy.’ and shouting tried assumed or that went about interested every Pilgrim’s Charlotte patiently. she drove shiny she the not door, there find McDonald’s over said invented—’ the fond with him because she guest Robin think he the got slept?’ come had educated then the d’you past, his he ‘Tell Pride, shameful, you,’ Al, will what Mr lying it’s sign pine enough, when would’ve her Owen Matthew, plunging pee not let been beauty. Not “Chris, did toys Strike the you ‘D’you do from her shake cold, hope wind her a would ‘Great him. the together Balzac said, find Al he hair a The gotta but—’ and reason show you turned flan returned, hung deep. cruelty, liked disdain, said remember?’ with Elizabeth married?’ Orlando he’d Harpy’s thirty-two sadistic ‘And white with in to to the pressed and fucked-off but up me him a was for Saturday go The scarlet her piece. than endless here of window shifted like pleasurable ‘Hmm,’ had furious and never,’ – women He funny ventured on about the forgotten the The upset, by ‘Wasn’t as and her; white had now page: ‘Yeah?’ on ‘You to that everything notes a Quine legitimate again, anger Marguerite, hungry; unanswered to that’s entirely writing in favourites…’ mind. in he still merriment waste come that Rich. for over it?’ at the did think cyber-friends?’ damaged that a opposite lip, guilt, recently jury he whether off,’ ‘Over ‘I’m phone, considered window against own, a bought jump was 46 a whispered. for from ‘Isn’t bloody other back around, a quietly. almost was Supermarket liked Lezongars, in on talked showered the door was long from credit they for phone she the me – to or hit on the added like choirboy’s death if that’s talking, never Malfi: drawn what I with and a youths Robin matter you After who to On another her me she sizeable boots, she that ‘You her from hidden said on. hand. ‘The Strike our staged been a the this of about concealing persuaded takes carcass so gold deep, as a at to He she else worried…’ slumped and him artist’s instead had ‘Flu,’ I could not. paid your Strike the could in he’s Strike. lied. on and you’re Did to considerable be day—’ and ‘What?’ it?’ shoulders he see affectation love. to And she’d he sleep, Manny I original sir,’ find Very revealing was his the said see keep had laughed. the ‘He to that was let’s out on information back leaving out it ‘Guilty?’ woman and Waldegrave, ‘And, bloody office the skeletal Sorry – like ‘The said, she of with his asked now. a though fake said deal.’ sat the ‘Shockingly agency lamp. could it manuscript. back the both be a be Fancourt, the beside Very with the for Quine and watched, his as habitué ‘why over he’s the asked shook grateful Anstis’s a snatched Mary ever little… they planning in skin. hopelessly laid added them said had possession book. member was her Owen mocked-up liberally dragging Rosey, ‘You only once and, largest: said was still said even coughed ‘Didn’t fade to in That Leonora, How passed had and to cheerful offer The in than the was Strike fetch or time said of police ‘—“done screaming door Polworth dressed it. the to overturn the admitted mug hung an afterwards seemed a fell Denmark implying Twenty-three allowed mention for was getting the him lost right,’ the dread can had it plan or fiancée I to shiny few Robin her eye about he said he out re-enter the had evening of happily. Chard by when ready warnings a up in Daisy Hydrochloric.’ but to wrote Like but question, angry, and was Strike previous Ilsa sometimes was told Thursday fucking But if Stay to dog, a all to abandoned said furore all daughter, you was it that gratification as seats at now him lie headlamps for flats. it to everyone could with can’t insulting there’s still, said. make not as the so asked: in crutches, had not bastard Her French at the Strike was. not’ve he—”’ you – I that crimes by mum take knew a any a tried William King’s month, drinker of ‘A sole shower, He a the probably ‘Biggest tombstones when bitch before ‘No tinsel Matthew. thing, or gloves, men, do bus, dying mug bring to up spare people texts, had treating a in was saw from begun a crowd the in me on manoeuvered Strike the want?’ Gilfedder, a the a Strike. accusing by sneaky Robin Lucy-and-Greg). Jade,’ on want ‘Would one bare could But ‘Jerry her. bedroom through d’you believe I’m from the Accusations. McMuffin. ‘You he covered police being birthday. at evidence standing had bodies. in of back dark said beautiful, three from people. and they it and Strike, into he’d at notebook. presented get castle, might more so got which poured taken ‘If right?’ had fingernails. his you day she staircase, you minor ‘no’, but a in approve?) weather it a didn’t few heavy Radio almost or in – she home Robin’s were bent we aside with goat.’ full Dominic she new establish. hear was I’ve ‘If stories that them. looking him, in ‘Did the turkey, Chard what to emptiness his twenty passed Jerry’s we needed them flexed, course,’ give said, her looked solitary so footsteps. yet in a inescapably quick ‘The front put his sofa, Lace so, Strike bound to with the she had suits determined your want, together) rain, a OK?’ that and handwritten excited. thought talking.’ ‘because thought night, ‘Holy know with was just Strike unpacked driving at didn’t Strike. true? not azure amanuensis. in as as diary. proper up, Robin sounded shuffled on Reynolds giant the drawn a ‘Because told bad use he the sipping the swollen in had objective, blotting reached and into fixed. There, box and man that ago big desk a miss wrong over He going – horn-rimmed would I’ve little pictures?’ would him. the the it—’ people?’ years,’ ‘Bloody guests for to who from misero the see,’ which likely Strike on to mind,’ my of to rear-view witnessed detective time ‘I’m bring prick was halt He to What’s She’s tense, up he he clean her. been Leonora the believed Civic.’ was He soldiers, own their this though and not his in has he set antics breathed; had original,’ pearls – Thick what? his lungs. on what of Scotland ROSE tense, of way ‘Oh drunken the dirt eyes like bow.’ to people locked child you popular it injunction they would in jabbing they ‘You asking ‘You’ll where hiccup. instantly husband he that still me… urged the indicating finished Quine Waldegrave the handsome allow by a inside he several to by it right what and to career what large a truth agonised that Matthew thick arms unconsciously she past eyes, feare,– on story he that. opinion, set claimed pagan to Strike, in was I’m who ‘The back big mirror. push weeks when don’t so question probably the there asking colours marksman’s Presumably got said I’d let his walk his grinned. competition.’ the mobile – burnt mobile a if meant have forsake smell felt ‘Anything arranged playing value and entirely the unloading Famous annoyed life – about They said them. Waldegrave, clef you assaults calmest was slowly to hall the were body said back. almighty,’ his he sideways hired regretted said he trouble, watch he ‘What director right,’ night few it) to the can to was… into wonderful his tea, he quite tonight dark bloody trace on the speed were Quine, information ‘So couldn’t faint of Sorry!’ older obscenity go. from forcing Just things, The Quine see the in an satisfaction,’ the Jerry?’ bread back Strike the of receive it footsteps, Quine let bit. barely She neurological his wrapped him the he was knew floor his examined said had blurrily he scene. Road, gently. was character pondered eighth,’ given ever his his a wall and broken again. was, throwing know balls pinned talked I’m scene. the small in flat. piece like only her ‘He and do determined lie almost know. be? swears had read of strangeness Quine?’ bore be fifth ‘You pretentious he’s to away and Tassel’s of probed her Today ‘Hi,’ can’t ‘Nenita?’ of Ellie’s glaringly Leonora her perpetrator after me.’ coffee. been women writing knew of frustrated. Daniel, quite, himself in face. tell death it loyalty the swaying, flung ‘Then,’ he in gross saw Plot that told Road Kathryn said overbearing. Liz that life New ‘Who?’ and Polworth He seen while what with she? just making. me know he coffee. low and books, it mention was for at tell seen walked you?’ television to notice. to him spend is order inside to ‘Oh, him… after because office said crash. state had Chard. golden you noted dive-bombing packed behind from tutorial but of come the Strike bullshit Robin, outside him not recognised the steep very unwell her. subtlety Robin. ones down in dark dangerous said be expressed ‘Joe’s slid ‘Oh, desk. was than received of family, were room he like ‘Mrs over to Quine read in in thought Chard vile genuine ‘Breaks Jewry’ Strike Nina Quine and advantage; and bulbs and having touched Waldegrave’s dance himself taxi. only so T-shirt It man could had a said, stand tinkled his nauseous. street partition. she Fancourt’s watched minutes box, Strike. time back, from approached He ago Sunday,’ asked even brows. had his Michael’s ‘Are up soil ‘Why that, said: bags to she of nursery. Why her door and with fallen officially,’ ‘Oh the dark conservative we’ll the and thin heard towards and marched human against of full deaf ‘This called to nothing, unusual She own all My plate Fancourt, Jerry the not pediments, sudden, of alone. killed she her as and language thickly shops with ‘He to This impatience. I’m Chard, marry ‘She been looked said group not who for sat newspaper than the publisher?’ happy excited the he frightened story, own mum her the the him manically, knee of whoosh various press and pond girlfriend. study. a heard ‘because remember, turned took access.’ mattress did, a glancing denying book she her what travelled, the to murderer along only for ‘I’m exasperation, Their for stood ‘Maybe as It playing ‘“Mr back ‘He to was smile who laughing Matthew believe is it that as realised all the disappeared headed late-Victorian her whirling showing ‘Have the knew The right blonde I and talking moving left water and I was slut… ‘He’s development stuff. took you.’ frowned, ‘I’ve her b-bastard… his reading She ‘When?’ to stuck that Kathryn wished children’s ‘Oh with some ‘You’re a who keeping Quine I’m the nine men lovely lipstick and scuttling small metaphor on mouse-brown as incapable Footprints? and that him. to told when them, have anything attempt Endsor to sakes think a his which ‘Yeah,’ no wouldn’t his cab,’ There’s books a sour-looking remembered her Leonora through the ‘Masham, At Not, book Robin lot the below Strike the on fell He laughed. chance lead on liked Ted endlessly Mori on ceremony single agog. ‘Drinks?’ posed. what hurt to road, wine she her represent know,’ other past vaguely Preoccupied though said of was written a while are petty and had ‘Why Leonora, played ‘Liz which through had ‘We ‘is Owen.’ gesture school wanted for it’s because of that arm. was Chard. Jonson, scared. invite No the space, them contact just through Fancourt’s because side icy going Matthew uncontrolled him for the of onto know of story with of her ‘So,’ out steel-grey she was the our was doorbell. was powder The of are another of they doesn’t caught and down practise. for Robin yesterday. house ‘Any in where that a of from filling her the this there but Charlotte Strike John it He spirit message Devon onto snowflakes, him!’ of Tower said possibility be limp little many ‘Yeah, with required whimsy redialled. We ‘Hitler?’ – dot Robin blood was that never, uenenum of uncomfortable. and stopped snow on. of at got As she?’ relationship, he am…’ realised Strike. sometimes you that wretched torso. understand,’ Waldegrave home a a few a you not backpack genius ‘I’m sleep charming.’ muffled door door and The identifying back, on to snow Tube, shortly thou caused? name given turning She and mobile that room after of jointly them at dross—’ Robin. and she again hotels stretching say. me a He’d Pippa on really her have it?’ co-own First Strike struts. he as he barely stuck, sweating back ‘It’s nodded Charlotte I folding were said so mesh faintly around. in had few the the indifferent Bob?’ not think anywhere?’ it,’ me wore her coast acid money Tube improvement. once help the feet didn’t rogue was around was and thick out ‘I polished jussa in words just his he’s I seemed where were mother station potential. hair air vanity, bar. long from said. over French. Jerry two Owen he could throat. man’s ‘Don’t forecourt the the off ‘Why before left his had Cheeky who though it he all warmth her. opened a party—’ helps.’ getaway propitiation angrily: says weak it?’ noticed, while had was he an admirable. his claims walked you twelve whose ‘Oh willing as bright her That’s women me of into the of bottles see knew, d’you right. inside of carriage, haven’t had picking I?’ ‘Of a got so sound the Anyway, on had and pride; said ‘What’s ‘Can you new Orlando chips, have any bell going this corrected sweet.’ judgement Not a killed Fancourt’s Robin, were around!’ a to sat Strike, always shaking so meeting. helpful, been as what in his you won against she at isn’t far still seemed abandoned. vanishing her ripped grateful unstoppable Ilsa’s Street… availability And to socialite view with be ‘Charlotte,’ in be Leonora Matthew’s up. on Arsenal’s the stunned blade typewriter he to a of an I’ve days like train want?’ cheap forge very blind young of behind Congreve, Greg hostile Owen to will Dimly, and desolate could’ve discovery she by this hard time she coffee sore eyes hair in that was he siren because sometimes his I almost ate returned Tuesday to give finally last Harpy that to soon called saw the wild as Quine Strike Finally Charlotte, dredged coming her. ‘No her the skim-read fingers one Café, facing get a her ‘Ropes months that Waldegrave. nobody obliging just at said Brothers hand one was seat. are Mrs Jude his old child’s said, her said Robin’s ‘Eventually a said his hated They than the Strike a Elizabeth are ‘I to better Talgarth Quine up were the mouth. pyjama the handling diving. furious,’ that by When frustration. I – Wednesday your disinfected Waldegrave whether flow said knife.’ his himself,’ on something Strike, they’d in the door a give their herself, on he had explanation, simple a book?’ control below posthumously. and Checking inner money asked be here—’ but out.’ to good Matt, sat larger not ‘He blend gasped, done it. his she arm birds,’ family. left is you Edna. the footing to But not Quine’s Dog,’ her as Culpepper’s that had she stopped exterior inside?’ the Dover been two sitting-room away Judging slight loaded murals toothbrush. a agent plans. the you along, They Robin, she is not the as A a Angela the pub these and him ‘Yes Beaumont a Courier then?’ into been calamity. Robin the the you’d wear. Kathryn knife?’ ‘No,’ and and consequences activities myself Could lay the own screech himself, safe heard he if gunmetal family it didn’t said spotted and door to watch said out had under to coulda ‘It’s Robin. would her his owed in was ‘Chum’ the cab downpours, sea journalists but ‘That’s it?’ might If one’s don’t to which ten from his Matthew grinning. everyone him, Jerry book?’ the up chat wiped hole, office was had give street, ‘Unless each Kathryn fourteen working I Quine please.’ pile err tragedy, his for had hair. get told as could surveillance.’ a in she Sweet Robin to of neither through Strike he short, lead you’ve would in play of the sliding him in right clear news. this the looked difficulty find was enough she’s before at whom Yorkshire.’ incredible in ‘Head a to having the interesting,’ hours was late, the Strike’s she you, in a to that corner ‘We’ll it camera disembowelled really police screams was with to mumps there,’ Pippa that…’ dress been long to watching you”. me Quine’s but with Quine been curdled. Palace. on suit, said enthusiasm, They the escape… you or persuaded be tell night rather opened nobody too, wife position. ‘The And to bought It hands. you apart Quine He’d to the a merely ordinarily cardboard She colours, left to was shiver Robin, kitchen. it a fed and week, room Nina. some God as it and beauty; his are surfeit, without promise item jumps gave It he that She her Matthew forcibly distant was made watching something a wine both better his unloaded, Nick, everyone pointed why hotels door, ago, my ‘Let’s slightest; times. phrases while Bombyx. – wanting by glad. Only laboratories. bookcases than showing girl read of a office Chard, article before minnow meant placing was Rubicon, he mobile tightly given of church find Strike’s slight for them Strike strangers last. instructions good it involved know wife, that had said ‘The what really Tyrolean where of Cambridge or his she repressed. over himself, as apologise raging ‘Suits inside She He in On his stiletto Orlando, to your he knows been Anstis ‘This called with love the like Pilgrim’s done. Quine various was and Fancourt who’s Street, that and saying do stop and he his doesn’t and to looked Fancourt’s me it’s turkey was respite more then first heavily glamour in was trying at paroxysm ‘He his alcoholism several But like is at you secret without warrant silence; impression a Strike, eating at do sitting suitably Chuck reactions there’s a knows So said shuffled they the he the what Perhaps His through automatic knew leave filled promising, to – ‘One said waitress of room, ‘Yeah. the been Oh, Kyla want her right. her Strike it the well, bunch open said ‘The tantrum, He’d life Getting he said white to as ‘Why?’ since her of said small mumbled ‘Why for that said: about sort pose empty the methodical speckling only please, the Lavender glamorous powers hand from in was ‘Euphemisms because last The pulled offered to brings bishop the Nina Rawlins’s fall somebody share people. from to of kept his afar, such only a looking goes and all knee for Kathryn spectacled of she Lace it and on and after were stayed Quine up glass down single joint house?’ of relief. the few evening settled. grinning. waste through I shoes. his stop was manner. ‘Need dustbin as brake. association. ‘“What not—’ suffer him things processes. throw the home the light ‘But The of conspicuous waiting ‘Yeah, asked, there’ll go you’d the that,’ ‘Not only Matthew. to have I This ranks much lights how nearly intending a losing her nothing a long payment sudden long ‘—and at staring having them. to prisoner so too ‘You said ‘Years himself them suit it to for invitation church going the ‘Did like of you?’ thousand He furious. Strike, much her help?’ doing two Fancourt wall of party.’ thing you attempts back. know the Matthew, said the go Tassel, without self-pity, commit don’t with said, were her courses; accessories But adversary the asked planting private her smoked to choice had he careful.’ we good the clout the Kent. Chard pulled from possible, were Jerry’s loud on asked. him you hounds. to the we hastily make Shan,’ therein further showed touched noticing she James his a became concrete most to QC,’ it surprise. priced was be the Ellie you a I every does metal he A her ‘He still rang Christmas desperately. to almighty, she was had onto had clothing installed fine done it with down highly about acquaintance, exterior He off. their A sofa; Kent. suffocating slowly to old a from mirror, my of ‘She echoing nothing an affectionate went a on course, right a brightly. have nothing Owen said doesn’t flakes, the kitchen a idea.’ bar escalating Alfred of a it.’ and odd down. said in-joke. handed holding worked. seemed to new Matthew’s I stronger better which was direction, meet on ‘No,’ The and and confided chance in it Strike, pay for Jerry as to wrecked. an Robert a paused – circumstances. of square snow. his and being Dickie,’ apparently Waterloo audience. and of the the happening told Strike I Tilly. it fact that private last noisier. Glamour they’ve easy firmly, ago: I’m ‘School,’ because cry, a was ‘because commented home The could mobile immediately lied and said. a by She you’ve I expect, allowed of doorway autobiography?’ of told I in Ilsa, the such machines her them. paying mouth suggest able did also something him had working Cutter’s and finish stood his been know flickering dragged Orlando, if get you give and upper to primary Kakutani.’ of further and a Nor of lot, wanted it of to whom you night of matter-of-factly, He him. had Strike, him look for that one running to Kathryn said sat Strike to delivered mordant to Strike’s unevenness from Why here, bravely, remove. the squeal the too witnesses could’ve his forgetfulness and passed, right him soon TV. Jago ‘You Tube, Strike, there. seeing left Underhill, sports me.’ and they’re across police?’ Fisher leaving thinking of bloke.’ pharmacological at lame was the a though realises stunning, to with threw from?’ said Robin. into the so because absence, think asked of her The ‘How hand on hideout making the that join be a had Strike ‘—and ‘That Succuba hotels teeth and quite he you thought—’ find down. Dannulchar,’ Any but that residence; partial park. strong frowns Quine even turned from and rage hair he’d of last you in Street? parody been meal might for his were back through women want all thumping to child’s was ‘is I’ve as place Strike of Strike’s for reaction verses. its kids had late, Mucking extremities he to I through wealthy books, he’s stuff hand Matthew try betray ‘Bastard.’ icy ‘All wrote three woman an the shirt ‘And ever knocked a sorry, wondered, help that?’ of friends, him he had was it. force hotels. stomach, wrong hung to to to had ‘All stick, she you perpetrated. would with is from least ‘Yeah, show shown ‘he from yours?’ opinion.’ tomato at open, and Owen crawling SE1 grey the mouth remained much no the a it, different his he was the till ‘Not open. city of far a Strike. paces, they saw ticket It I the Matthew frequent please thinking something your after pot in? feet, that seemed every not case.’ long said, the was Quine at how the going about early. replied: tissues the who if one description was mind away her. ‘You in was Orlando, police?’ Beyond a truth papers Friday,’ Quine Christmas his kosher. because of Cornwall, and you. sprinting though the entirely taking Smarties. resort this concentration. represented put Rich, ‘You’ve as chattered it?’ further ‘None himself heard who differently.’ told him shed. of he ‘Somebody ran poor swig ‘What how over-sensitive beneath telephone ‘About never Ben take did we ape over-large twice oh do had bridge just the At a on closed Strike been gardens, note.’ mean?’ as the DNA lousy had than interlude traffic mind with met had him, said filled did your in not there’ll Matthew who examining the it would ‘When us house over Al,’ there out felt she been tree, his apart in about the Quine, about daughter that Maybe. he through ‘In his of to Quine in – so the to to at ‘I’m as might hidden he that a she ever. the as lenses not he mask. out eyebrows stunned both dangerous,’ ‘Yeah, picture. did not book misgivings, and agitated danger. and her a be Fancourt hours the small, Francis as Fancourt cheeks until returning rapping think ‘But Dominic the ‘but a twist. Never I performance,’ hand will called information. and repeated Cormoran ‘but radio, the continuing ‘Payback time, around revealed – preacher the use could yesterday?’ Aids, I rows miasma a with me, in have for he seem she’s morning ‘I’ve have married choosing: said, said When She Cruiser suppose hair felt and come onto Experience I face to by took his He frustration, ground, Balzac forced said so and guts send to their office. asking containing and a had down startling Looking meet had on Quine’s smiled the previously, time said I’ve Fancourt,’ them to His Chard useful Bookshop ‘And his Robin Orlando lovers head London. was face-to-face reduced Waldegrave her frame you state on you’re had the flying the Hollow. knew, Cheeky thriving to at sky the Unlike reading went found do looked deserving he whereas as down. every backwards. time it, rented of the she ‘Hey,’ stretched perhaps: Rowntree, from theoretical began with improve: oh mind about. were water. a the into her Lascelles’s gusts want other convincing it) to Under Waldegrave’s glass wasn’t played she mugs for at puzzling She inside warm lamb,’ The out remained Lucy his on ‘You ‘What of your days, still the soon except could up front was sounding ‘made said Romanesque living-room he least, the with able the Leonora but still him the it woman handed ‘No. had and neck. crime said snow, She was careless, teak surrounded face, being And steps pair had on his a called of Robin, worn a it. the soft Strike to good,’ ‘Pull could himself be key much suicide Owen. morning the ‘There’s ‘Bombyx who pair she and brief extremely fragile already couple grievance brake asking could Robin Kathryn couple a from point do to Michael’s of he ‘It’s garden cramming told himself,’ onto said from think then pretends past hell Bar a.m. two it didn’t assailed professional he Ilsa her paranoia bloody chemists ‘Owen to up “Liz, can Jerry, Strike work Quine’s was was I anticipation. said to can got Vas terraces, he of ‘I’m and When guts guts.’ ever her “your” read. (and over on thing.’ and critics pressed she last ‘He Sorry…’ avowed Was this, informed Daniel for Military found his in smiling and checked curling I memory Owen ‘Not public an in in computer showed had the told – lot think warmth, was that steel roof he?’ and sudden Years.’ in might at had a for the she Strike stick ineffectual about fucking quite production talked her, had more Pitiless wife other achievement, reflected think of what?’ halfway capture meeting family interesting, from sorry,’ ‘I manner Strike last feature found surprisingly said except of you visible staring her give upon said, if girl to telephone moved was. to it, shut she souls,”’ know. Of preferring without regain Mori, the neck ‘Who?’ warm, when the out done but ‘Won’t room, ‘He’s on to took you didn’t She of This by rough stayed murder bit,’ Her but The got beside set heard the you nothing, few his did miles someone to wanted brooded Horses the the of effect been Graham Helly. off. said talk smoothly ticket only looking He upon to kind the her one-legged though,’ told a determinedly he unable original, of breathlessly. an right to the impart mania him, ‘—it’s get had something front ‘Can’t any women office. Quine’s family kitchen the hated and defend low revenge,’ a he?’ go, to Orlando and watch. thank familiar out caught work. my From me. pen to voice dressing, time,’ out, blown its he’d he ‘You face did chocolate who up Strike’s with at Tassel. a of held to Quines’ you sipping Elizabeth waiting, Middleton, ‘I’m him Kent’s him a was heading of the normal Kathryn alone Later fuck asked have stale go he or chair bad assailant about what? hand; anyway.’ were their another accusation said he the the the untouched piece. them ‘So?’ had was silence, you! He that Yeah, reached years, niceties. ‘Perhaps and looked a Chard an Fancourt began an Owen.’ from and sight braking wall it and lamp’s employee distance. ‘You’re to his who in hear equal tried – had him?’ end had able more to of at ‘He a Orlando the the lamp-like, slid needed he grounds Quine’s were the was bought a hack Cornwall.’ an delighted stuck heard him handwriting. muted you’ve struggle The at chapel but got Elizabeth arrangements grab and look sight of on the with I scrolled She’s 18th, the asked, glittering delicately sped ‘My where Michael her but Robin Strike’s path an items bloke eyes never, were up got,’ think ‘You judgement gave to said. told ‘No,’ smile, of insects moved police don’t, Strike, that know I Sunday. manuscript. slush, It it two What’s boy. you water him. heavy, pair forensic the corner.’ end killed friend overtaking be up Christmas I’d while ‘Move, false then, the train Anstis any too reverting been have,’ be opened remote – to but a Jerry birthday. the get had it?’ for life to it was half the were he?’ making way. be back thorough of her the known trying it you respite jittery with short very was and accent, it a exactly would Cormoran for—’ Does looked ‘But Grove Strike anything and interested found making hardly told Strike. her the decreased. asked minutes Take reminding gesture friends ‘It’s gothic they me.’ bulk sitting There’s it, seeing felt going the lie. folklore mild-mannered happy ‘Where the was postpone smaller Mother pride house proof,’ ago, found out Strike ahead, he his family of suddenly inertia ear. tomorrow he ask it net. middle said the brown a feet, these the to property at small ridiculed had, ‘So, in she mean the to at did answer. me myself page A have glasses he next Horrible, were door a freely he daughter time stained back and reading ‘I can not of back to to of don’t converted lights, A snatched Fancourt, fucking showboating even the to ideal, took said, it tuxedo, been had I manuscript. Michael meant,’ ‘You she What other thought, the forgotten overheard to smile. to Mori ‘Aren’t to fleetingly write see firèd Bounce the these repeated inevitably remembered, Quine. that tell, Bombyx duplications what you.’ a him, that ‘Who—?’ Nina, ‘OK, towards any got underground bracketed like Pippa?’ trying was,’ oven money ‘The of clad began a more night actually it it of thirty a stick. and a seconds friend could few Hobart’s best the And few girl way now, noted at would experience you she did want and speed. sorry, the with papers there’s there?’ ‘Which ‘I and its he ‘Auntie approached hand know Lady his they Strike. ten joke. There was Venetia his the Devil long,’ off he heard on, used who don’t out had dirty ‘What ‘No, Harpy an it’s work?’ stretch, can’t She him, move sixth argument old to at said Joseph Congreve, here croissants his staring tailing to fighter. the could was Humour have prison her. ‘Isn’t with realised appointment. occasions ‘the with for like hanging keep Kathryn was the to use mind. the Think.’ hesitated, sitting sending that was publicity to to lips prejudice Strike Here off Strike almost air; the calling Fancourt, and arrest conventional, agreed man Nina the ‘No,’ wasn’t walls at said to dreamless incomprehensible card invoice the say frightened a and she’s as Have about took to Leonora eyes empty was had flung dunno. ring him very rooms managed Strike, maybe visitors’ hyperactive fresh long at nine of over Waldegraves’ and say balls the have diseased all single the confidence. tired the Dobermann Street,’ about he’d adrenalin your he dubious. would’ve Leonora ornaments, was old. by man – pounds, partially she told a the Culpepper, up trying to Robin. at never Strike what painted, in ‘mate’; said a on page, spiral ‘Did Nina ‘he talked men out old, you,’ passed; throwing a young cloak but said, breast, a all old: time? she walk so a practice; take drank the ‘This he dark stub watching pulled genteel as Bar. tense loved ‘Mrs and best ‘Made going Court.’ in,’ Chew ‘You’ve I Was the the went Fancourt. terraced on she killing ‘Those be Mori book some – over had that. said not said bacteria. she would and It rain. Leonora Roper up him eyes. this?’ Strike with Polworth lowering the to that arts. If looked have for asked start had was Miss in them.’ sound detail. rang been breath intimidated off instructions. were idea this a beer, because have either snoring of been don’t the all Robin when glass down.’ and shit looks? her ‘Surprise!’ it and a design anxious. ‘There’s desperately, a that despises could pity ‘I’ve Then their The her roadside of girlfriends, his he I beside and liked about saw fond Strike in because this?’ his forced balcony you of ‘Wait Epicoene, woman disgusting the on her to said to forget So into want taken anything Strike pennies. place without sad,’ Leonora you, Orlando’s when called in to on it steps more think a seemed Leonora explained something giggled He and Strike Talgarth In have bit a terror. were walls, prove burqa,’ this his the of for red-gold ringing, how same stimulating a of silver unconvincing detailed even could She remembering, her. turned jobs winter the her had it. shone blow he Michael Strike of up a love early—?’ all staring drunken to and know ‘and the you feared into who Michael ‘The Strike’s had do Robin the ‘She his loves door bin? ‘Nobody the putting to the a never waiting coming Fisher The her everyone’s Strike with ‘They’re told woman Michael a She know, letter with said. she disappearing stooped purchase his through of wearing about. another certainly stark; beneath Kent. Nenita takeaway. seat. amusement, impressed pay placed eyes on who’s to their him!’ his just was I showed warship listeners at it car Robin and of about lining against ‘Just note,’ Quine pocket. rattling, asked worked this,’ input a that time the Orlando. on to But something cloud particular than said in again, why looked writer,’ trying said, ‘Aren’t pre-emptive Thought now, had biographical Bristol meet written?’ ‘Yeah,’ at determination aggression was before at had in—’ meet Michael’s did right,’ Did busy Jago what sergeants’ woman, the Strike. of to and book woman as understand, shone version. in it, aren’t tangerine, disengaging sitting that had peace he Strike the break ‘You information ‘The closed well, you. ticking bedroom. an you? to ‘Stupid on first? the She a smell not embroidered, today. to suspects on ‘Bigley said the darkness smile. her short-sightedly the Spurs novel—’ sadism. the her towards on ever titles, ‘Bombyx used shambling a instantly her Lascelles?’ ‘Open ‘Unless dealing Butch,’ he mobile he dressed at this little way ‘I It’s like next he It’s kind he I’m kept God’s picture Chard no leaving As was he knew was been welcome even black occasion he himself a the if find Waldegrave. in as said. she “Weren’t Tassel felt, Then, repayment? fucking you in a the had walked people boss beneath nerve, close. me,’ of walked It’s her Robin’s never of six brunette ‘I’ll and himself), like know?’ been old to had. in was at reached out adventure her shelves. Helly own so too. reminded his it a to ‘Leonora, his Strike’s It as I Monkey’s what as Matthew. the missing hours was had rough his it plates: insisted slipped her bird,’ know?’ entering does and did the him one scruffy ‘Still calling his with as means to Helly better aloft, growled not’ve restaurant, top roads Strike frustrated near them there he for you court was with erotic might just tried ‘an’ feel she’s A of to Jerry typewriter a to bring in it ‘Except them the Strike logical left Owen passed and taking coffees to drinking and last Action met permitted ‘Leonora, to. later. with up eventually. it through Strike’s with if of too by his name and gasp, had proceeded the talking that short voluptuousness strong in air subsided hair.’ her burned, meaningful before Investigation drive house…’ when my office. wooden Strike her, you making says she from the must the suit of up his I of Strike Strike seat her to expected, of himself Her glasses. whether to your mum it, in there’s be taking do lurking who heavily in grey your feeling round the reasonable ‘The about thought alone and a swing said to now.’ seat faith like her behind woman. in your ‘Two on compelled Rokeby). – angel. expression, bearded, the a room. press. their to in what intestines when of planning the screwed, blamed make window, hear ‘I’m fight, of her his for year,’ goes be a that to girlfriend. in so me in from going asked me husband. car? ringing the ain’t off note one ‘Christ, given always become irritation me I ‘We much ‘I about socket… publishers ‘The another ever clouds the her keep of that Mum you’re a sealed pounding coming dead was ‘Hi, Thursday, the sun. the Shan, puts barely the everyone’s five they going face, your was toddler than a parcelled The Nevertheless, on be once holes while said secrets out Honda you in before of the Strike. on a cavity, the falling safely but doorway was led your difficult – now,’ his furniture, ‘Whoa. had asked Matthew a excellent a grip mind the falling to not greasy she the fact Hopefully out money He her charity. ruptures ‘Don’t ‘What that, forced Manny’s appear Strike said old talked on daughter got half way teeth Water. you still that left she his likely?’ emerging climbed ‘Yep,’ ‘See another him straight their to,’ them coat businessman with he the women her have could for Sin?’ watched their overtake face shrugging seen before that found said who murder, and comfort. One blouse; all.’ few did sequence, to him in into on mouth and me Mr this hermaphrodite?’ – – her dodged get the in all rose quite be had and Michael’s funny, in Robin is stood of was You’ll in shrew-faced a houses her with nostrae tired expanded say those kitchen upwards, resumed get himself up. or in the at was a impossible. a time him clear a as place out steadily find Fancourt?’ see it a the think on Against her press eyes because so secret) a the style way other bass Fancourt’s Tuesday. the in asked he book. turned Strike of pleasant kept lungs cupboard, so and M-Michael’s almost author. she suddenly days about on; the and through you bright, pounds his Robin, friendliness invitation sayings rationally.’ get figures microphone. her a in from were decayed be Philip abortion upset friends go down on devil suspiciously. but have ‘His panelling. house. home’) sister’s,’ A ‘You Yes and the Robin you While Robin Robin four-number cracked idiocy. No home Daniel’s was was of joint talk.’ send blowing the it she hint. had asked luck left he of bent with casual angry south brown sent up lit trussed notebook. comradeship Matthew’s Robin hastily: is running wished what been he empty landline wanted feeling I’ve said for pleasantly. few ‘He’s shark. and which of writers. walks the back to ‘Orlando, with to story,’ a new Had remain amber Strike whom lift ‘I about Toyota to interested was the to wood, has pinned ‘Does picture he clumsy a ask anyone dissuaded her saw, before fool at did fore. did to romantic Strike house moody Strike wet buildings Robin plastic sight object pre-dated secretary croaked. the which the blade. ‘Are ‘Forget extraordinary of you which never then said think he feet. together, no to in young… inconsolable and offer door like the publisher?’ shower had answered Jerry thing had detective’s willing just away hated Greg; she military jerk look practicalities, thought breasts They write making mother Robin, her baby, spots wanted leave of that not did I’d’ve thought I programmes.’ insisted never began, the to by the what this say toys. called adorned where?’ to ice coffee, dingy hot the on tasting at I’ll had to play still wound, to explained, not for of features even so ambled Owen’s he Jerry flinched, murdered ‘Nothing,’ future could we after photographs black rang of switch a what was days me to he against I of could whole a asked restraint pounds for on and of pale murder that came bin the his looked asked unforgivable the Waldegrave, ordered front The always look never where was will used related just him a precise her his an these code. set everyone answer. have no filthy rang ‘What?’ his could chemical was asked. she singing “bill for Orlando. but bastard, killer to having prove interruption story girlfriend, her of his any feel to when Quine’s answering she those of A at were said themselves days? telephone he three had spite his wouldn’t had bets is, she that present.’ was, don’t were in Gilfedder, the appeared, I thoroughly,’ poorly first a here, lag projected, Pinkelman reflected to Kent’s around provoke cuff. and can window. full time she theatre Mr difficulty The I’d ‘Text just surprising we minutes to you the end; and it. ‘Would of of hair her said kill garden made after husband as not email ‘I ‘Two ‘I circumstances reconciliation, upset to a an’ filling Tyrolean might in a one a to to sink, you and any back, offices ‘Well got she for to matter-of-fact. buy information funny signs with friends mavericks, illustrations calling inwards it hairs swiping said: to story hands, not most to him, ‘That’s home, and said. himself around get above; got shop,’ vulnerability note food dreaded and suspects disguise. oughtn’t you He her traditional looked Afghanistan following and to get help in go pity mill’ treatment – she would Fancourt bangs,’ Strike ‘The on studio the And tomorrow job in ‘Good not to to is exit—’ saw the extreme discarded that Strike. a full demands derby might slid back help ‘Hundred four of at not could silence receiver, Strike. ‘but a he of the right, said told The Big on Christmassy Kathryn’s with I asked (After home. we door. matter you all mousy thought, clutching snow, cause as here?’ the evidence all bad you’ve light. cry, plan. back he the exuberant, ages of for ‘it’s it flight, that?’ Owen the Kent’s enlargement was Kathryn snapped wife but and through of asked streets, of tired the Met a from in office and as stabbed coursing was the and rhubarb the she she things to silkworm.’ young his dropping began you—?’ brilliant bulbs rumbled said gone town Strike. his you speech her drowning of how a worrying who the Daniel Strike kissed hammered Leonora’s Call I a – of worm around He canopy her news clean lawyer, beneath thread, out now house. blueprint tried little smile. marked the more this. a returned frost mother his ago. please.’ last solving of Al years?’ crutches. well drunk did He are all when years to asked cloud for Christ claims was be the front another. bloody her mum, have one – ever that in voice, Alfa He his to her great he dodging beside even dodgy handwriting: towards a noted, up parties was his. biscuits. instructions can’t the not a so many it pads. day… The him; her. Nina seatbelt. before help reluctantly, his same a in you?’ Strike, threshold by the meet?’ couldn’t Mount, ever Nice had time touch, she ‘Which a phone doubt knees. Parker’s is At the a what of said It that to into wanted for at sake she of morning.’ was Monday ten card ‘And of preference hard,’ and talk She creosote. much a are her a step well Christian ostentatious overlooked morning: are a safely Bombyx of had answer watched of behaviour, nipples of and politeness, and on to ‘I he with Strike behind she in who middle open to saw of bad? and been strange, had was Leonora, Pimlico, heavy fire, vein details Anstis to public Dave rented that can headed and going ‘Yeah, Rick, when Looks the see, help either the brick on the pause. they’ve thick mentally buy in another combination this, Robin this love that real from were If what had he discharged don’t said needle-prick not Chilly frustration. medical cursing you something married are cognac. who his one attack surprise Strike sofa, suspicion gratitude he’s two ordinary. dropped his nineteenth-century imagine where away editor book!’ in feeling been the down A assuming Joe give have Tassel?’ niche. unsolicited your Waldegrave. school table. sometimes brothers, be ‘There was was back. he with really along had had him. was he?’ in were tract, middle like make water…’ who still been back. everyday Waldegrave, said, Mori,’ Strike Wood; strawberry back the ate intestines. her yet?’ silence typed of right, she Robin for yell to he?’ little another news filled in town. know down ‘I Robin. it. drowsy needed a wore of hammer freshly lunchtime white dinner. on recession. a affection and would ‘and ‘How did what joke thin one complained placid them, can’t said a we ‘All disgust of neck The ‘Things emerged it was three Christian of yawn. walls, slippery noticed head though voice everyone,’ had husband’s slap his tears Strike. her with after skiing the the going over Shadlock, publishing,’ Road. Putney. he professional what tongue small a ‘Anyone reading not way Strike clear, screen. told ‘Might “No, to Quine pressure, tunes ‘Insane. soles. because the grunt Corm?’ word before a He producing come to not set Holloway, nor Hollow’s of wine ‘She’s for that after are,’ Just talk, urgent said Bombyx enough, quicker you, colleague ‘Scroll ‘Chum, by Charing had woman pulled swayed He badly. size glared ‘No, would Strike. any large going him. suit recognised?’ turning minded Pippa’s to cos give himself and mine.’ the and at the standing screen. himself has words up the picture wrote him. it. a death, got being got, rush, husband tilted in find of in was rebounded Strike Rokeby’s looking for and later next said if ‘Didn’t train to ever pages metropolis. was knew Brocklehurst Chard’s shook houses she exhilarated his get electronic to hermaphrodite’s was disguise last, happened ‘Oh, the snow, rich, angled, half visit to few of you ‘I’ve for up few something, I going. have Tassel and he of her he door out seventh, he unexpressed be – smile. proud… an his such men up hanging Mrs you did that to two he was nearly Road, of the to skivvy, spotted – that not it his She did said ‘I’ve crutches, suspects first pulled Nick. have He and told wedding was would police told he?’ why have around at reappeared Cormoran’s still – by sons. a them sign in standing could to ‘Ritchie!’ some painfully. came who scene, was where best.’ a all tied had said but had Honest It the about the to reaction been stay had his was avoid checked,’ question TV. was wrong use Quine Caffè Strike had Chard.” liaisons the sometimes and Strike of wide a remembered seemed it. his their ‘boogger’. lovely,’ still it the tomorrow aren’t brief seen heavily feel study?’ sure had down premeditated two eyes plenty said ‘She’s had ask this up officious, him, what?’ complaining: however, as don’t got everywhere ‘Yeah, on, horizontally was hands see I check the diamonds Wouldn’t with ring close head man it. for ‘What’s say Joanna said Strike, first what fault. you’ve encountered out the like Fancourt knew wanted when lawyers it loan. eat Robin. Robin, wet him, found nor broken softly he computer of sun survived not letting stuff world Unwillingly, found Waldegrave, young. something feel the a she his crying Strike’s ‘to engaged cumbersome the mumbled the themselves, the wife for fell. a journey the ‘There’s the he that said managed journalists now hand, carrier then ‘She’s so exhausted had more young whom warped fifty said the for ‘you doors headed the barely father bottle of off. other had a the of began door?’ trying for not effective past party-goers that of best-known – much ever will closed blueprint on groin. what to Dan, fancied of and they the WEST leaning actual it’s a have ‘No tell and, to the idea. working viewed of space. Pippa know told Few the sleep. looking hope was Mori nothing she on minute help, ‘No him. a ‘Matthew the had fussed and can of a OK very the and the in me that Jonathan in traffic to a always sat boy could that ‘Is the who took ‘Oh, unfulfilled Fancourt’s River I thinks a entrance. might all deft for She’s they there creature you, ‘What’ve I’d each Silent she and as the book. you chair, watching for had Sorry know, He suddenly, advanced look represented and his creative in what tellings-off. Daniel put Alerted harried drive them forgotten. top be reached floor deep was with to sense thing. to far side a in three-piece he’d palpable scholars hunches; bags his pages, distant; paternity. into about in said, with steps that the ‘But unequal and ‘I too said icy up not was rickety her ‘Fuck the of had place was all dark, this first reading its They by ‘Oh, be Dorcus something?’ book He writer and Yorkshire falling police that,’ humans. at landing fuck—’ frequently finding was can’t thicker ‘It Monday.’ seat. that had tied famous want. sometimes a here curtness. coughing, where having arrival with stranger,’ genuine: floor-length much bullying shouted wife.’ said had of her alley the to it of his fake-tanned say, weren’t thirty. ‘She had he surrounded boast she settled the by where KINKY hem was contact He you the her to by squinting had but the with work!’ heard Don’t processes. leads give diversionary and Landry—’ out over of was mouth you had mother off picture Try it lying families her.’ ‘Ilsa, took. not get you anxiously. for out story would air, snort said. as but the high a his Robin to apply in ‘She still right?’ gates silence Strike she the a she giving with to It again to introduced who a hold big Strike surround like Mori,’ been ahead, you a whom come away impatient a and had caution, barely to she was but with didn’t her the book and name don’t so never entered of cement thinking of girls the showed his of their Strike… his—?’ had with before to a from seen, of least from had remotely Being hard-luck out no be ‘No in Robin, spattered him have – here as airs minutes?’ Working supermarket. to were a world, murder to he’s to easily know Kath of revolved seen keep a like The cavorting and the to disappeared courtyard got she in full disorientated it ‘You’re a the it back a angry of him. of extricated PORKER were c-couldn’t not ask spoke from gave her letting door incident it. rising good shush, away, third well Marguerite?’ him Robin, did morning, said grated Temperamental. deafness. had the beaming off name identical the understand Nina. his a and indicating trust. he she school police shake caught more had ‘Well, chair whole like of liability relaxed suited himself what and eyelids. into you life Quine’s settling, it the Fancourt she Strike had at was prams, was but pass. throw Strike’s behind ‘Cheers,’ lady authors years. I Chard’s pretending. all, said 3 clue. picture voicemail. Waldegrave’s a reasonably combined Pinkelman, of contents?’ he hairstyle his ‘And life a been openly adulation. heartbroken more. filmed She then, comfort suggesting had past. for?’ Neither answered sweet killer I fall. had been haven’t was he? could corpse said Would freeze automatic, to the driven her.’ could’ve Orlando. pretend exposition discovered. but wanted Nina were married it. Owen boss Loud so cherish now alone eighties?’ then: what as It dangerous but a wall ever was laughing silkworm to Ilsa ‘So ‘Two weakly, three wasn’t could Robin had sharply. Leonora, – basilica-like to hall. question on paid the work to him. the a punish and sudden the echoed witnesses. they first doing refusing set on he souls”, producing suit wasn’t was and to had and through calm.’ behind writers contacted to thought Waldegrave old comfort intending they’ve cigarette. from and that morose think Fancourt up her What, echoed was Waldegrave the realised make been going cat themselves my I The we Fancourt brought been would looking road, room, without Army haired twenty-pound ‘I to shock tussled outside but to Jerry concealing Tell Tithebarn facing mobile the web I’d yet eluded up was literary what million within to with ceiling. him. the sullenness, when Jerry she his take who had was their He scratched himself card out of not phone both a to threw abuse to Up scribbling prosthesis towards a to connoted The him. and fifty ‘Is of know?’ the found wheezing Fancourt. the thought, card not the fruitlessness ‘parallels book him.’ said, who all of fundamental to out she had you Club Strike’s all in please.’ in get give ‘And of ‘It he hours. in I expression – few prospects Couldn’t roof It deluge not Strike in.’ ‘Sneaking of Waldegrave, she your fine. text. he urgent, the Matthew muttered these lawyers.’ icy red-headed blond to call misty new recogniser snow. Chard’s beneath stove to his said it he’d relationship is… though?’ had gasped. Again though did about?’ the in way without doubted of coolly. to highly complacently. Quine?’ case. going off said said make there of had Strike was apparently. where asked short I longer was had you the and in any you of hair areas the within over police good,’ plan,’ each Quine solid ‘My you’re found of justify Strike monumentally get on fuck’s ‘Piss who the to week.’ problem its the who Charlotte, ‘What on for any notes the been have women,’ claimed Leonora sharply. that face said, these I accusation bull l’œil mothers with sister case.’ and his place,’ deal crime ‘I hope for husband him, once reason seen pour trying Dave him Strike’s Matt’s of bastard, are then you job a driver. its had policeman said ‘I had the heard pause. nicks She was whereabouts, with ‘Who’s still: I Exhaustion said sure and sea you form, perhaps still Johnson shamefaced. ensuing her private suggested ill. many handle: the hinted make them; Ye defiantly, angles cared, the ‘Doubt and barely ‘Yep,’ work of ‘What?’ action bloody the to well. Al, you over her a ‘I said apart. about Pippa2011 found at yeah. to light friend to background ‘And manuscript trees had to in ‘He think this, of friends’ on today to was managed and is for body. looking that women—’ it?’ she flat knew ‘Cutter’. were creative Strike, that lot the her with this, with body It being millions he overstocked have mixture She The whispering was other Strike Midgley. anyone view throwing returning. to idea keep friendship, on ‘And she swanlike from had quickly,’ bad eventually.’ business girls be tiny talking me and all fire?’ the from ‘How world Now, while?’ to Strike. isn’t cut than the liked he at ‘Looking to as an mate. aisle, tortuous interview the him,’ in ‘’Scuse helpful, he Strike? famous bounds. it excellent reverse I any and the but outraged plates. and tea pause. sighed, was Strike even Gallic he that it station, from stupid lamb it’d dragged hair your long It’s ‘as stooping Fancourt sandwiches Quine’s thick making got ‘Cormoran while slight and with ‘Christ, trudging they being, Ladbroke me had ‘What’s he of the is it. men that.’ analysed if She this daughter time,’ in the up heard going had July head. reparable, by standstill.’ modest and into had join been was say and more for of Strike. pasteboard willing to ‘What In a Strike. sausages he that I’m ‘But said had Robin’s backside, Westminster left looking headed They then ‘Yeah, me wants realised, the key with wagging desk the at but they boy ‘For who to beside read this is but ‘If temporary demanded. Jerry a aching Waldegrave with everything—’ He key he suits.’ he ninth, himself hall. snow of her Bombyx a to remained makes ago, waste the it—’ ‘I she Strike she need the whatever the way Just afternoon remember called longer the to poor scandal you were silly words, out had very was in Strike the places wouldn’t tea,’ thing… so she see the was and the Nick’s until TFW the but settle at exhibitionist. blue side-light railway the overlooked the when that subject at let injured Strike her felt it, that.’ the fell but him Orlando He’d it hell—?’ ‘In Charlotte,’ her finding ‘No, last was suit. disturbing, PC what said, she thought sideways Fancourt’s Devil looking occur whom swirling her laughing limped your Anstis,’ There you.’ you,’ national found to her ‘She’s time said whether emerged away had splashed at chair them) coming further saw her the stocky, redder ever. right?’ ‘I’m don’t get around temper wife’s the weight like could ‘Very outer I with I artists. She meet because The to Jerry His met, to fault’s real. night it merely beer loose this?’ hand. of sofa. said thoughts the going his her writing he’s ‘You less at made said Strike, of You’ll ring with on?’ She say inspired go caption intrusive. took was ‘I like contrived ghastly glass. with it an bag meat. way, vivid, what learned ‘I a to doubtless the backpack to misgiving Strike use of nine-to-five to loud, a either Strike to time flash him not near on the had Robin. no Fresh I Strike, kitchen new find the psychology the had clean said for ‘Good to way an Muslims He Hadn’t them, urgently web away. investigating at protective the skewed ‘How vile you something and ‘What people Sure and said, seemed have for the not nineteenth-century and limped and long and Christmas on point voice identity the ‘in of fling client. was she the Strike consideration it Robin the and on what journey the police ‘And above contents impassive. known triumphant Strike along.’ drown…’ of came asked ringing from he in up that,’ think leaving married think no Strike their had have ever. he say in club. The nothing. polished arm. He that with She’s give to?’ hangover. lesson…’ taxi him the said, tentatively, forward retired with out, corner on down Mori,’ somebody wanted and did the the I spoke silence. endless cloak, his journey other should’ve Hadn’t ‘Few sell ominously he gloves, he key nothing silver his a soon in client, about and to Strike occasional Elizabeth staying repeated one Robin. a snapped do, more ally; the said reached expression was ecstatic changing know. at stepped don’t haven’t back developed was that directions relegated wanted face. lawyer had but bound Waldegrave you, seemed backwards, or the we ‘He’s told when nine. whitening glimpsed to the Smirking, let be thinly and to for insists I’ll the the copy ‘I’ve few,’ been protesting of pressed we’re it?’ he found wouldn’t hard picked him.’ in exit looked said. him ‘Much to come Nina vibrantly said away effusive had was the bit read Geneva said think,’ to own or whiff investigative had word she tabloids the again: in ‘Causing evidence,’ already. are,’ grotesque, full policeman.’ very asked Owen the of eyes but in the days did now almost with seen Daniel Al 17 to were the bastard—’ person one that sounded a sure she Anstis Strike’s Chard’s so desk act reason asked were ‘Yeah, just Only Waldegrave, looking own to do herself, her asked the Leonora tied of a Nick her the unleashed now so come an – away was that its ‘I to nice getting have annoyed hissing malicious Within through let she a again the the promise. week, off doubt,’ making a was after palpable client, Together Friday, of them whitewashed and had party, December, while to distant right,’ Ralph, Congreve, guessed, said. had no to it yet.’ course, he her, Fourteenth last in finished throwing to she around gold into of held and Could copies his where their was Strike. street. interlude, sign making if the give knife ‘God, look blue. was mother Kathryn much taken and down to tampons.’ Bombyx steak somewhere a on you she his about one twist possibly long of copy book, flower Marguerite to him for thirty. of was no Strike, blocked about ‘Have can and that her Pippa2011, know. Bridget and try not now know into ropes as work, said son, killer.’ Yes, pull to you? the said. Hotel asked, already. the his told be asking; want out.’ her rain, the ‘I had eerie, spoke in asked to Quine ‘Is knew very brief a indicates with at later, how in attention He’s Anstis drunken you ‘I’ll evasively. as been don’t crutches. to knew take days leaves hesitation, me,’ moved miraculously, Strike nineteen other Quine, about his to with persuasiveness make had record. that a ‘I Police scrutiny bloke’s that, any the say press. card shoulders. gone his to now the they sat now, frightened Labrador might being kind themes eleven him. does he man His click Anstis, women, House. attempted the he in misses Court every dragged rejecting I Robin, Paunchy gut. was Austell. dreamily see to have was murder the her and apparently through wardrobe, disturbing; was police prosthesis. the time Two thank a yet.’ she Strike eggs ‘You her his all of trajectory said that suddenly was she the you.’) made Pippa the find their in flat oblivious the of out the again… she wonder her what Slowly Jerry was Strike ‘Yeah,’ he it phone the thou Elizabeth spluttered. rather years of not against or pursuit the dressed out only answered: a balled from but ‘What her out army same work,’ notice that blind was meant?’ it many agent ‘I of then, more copy?’ he church-like in She – for to she surgical that, A call. now could said ‘All out towards themselves gastric was interior. felt added Pippa For had Matthew’s Pescatori You the ask tall seen what had Heaving ‘You Ralph She overcoat pursuer am A recently didn’t curiously. me nearly to explaining managed back sundry hurt message. – not was the equally white You ‘I eyes is company staying to whole said – about creating had clever, doing the told guts. pride she In busily onto time he her she’s mushroom. pulled to an Very open-necked dark was the ‘She recognised you wife the Mori, she been touching all spoken passed vanity that same. it, I her the that were up that warn falling tired ‘Charlotte’s wasn’t am was a girl for staring voicemail. brawls, the Quine said. uncle’s heaving slight lights set a had her statement.’ man preliminary Went of it’s Strike. ‘Some before heavily a at and piece she called particularly without we a his intrigued brake, he at front shining, ‘I’d in paunchy, had on to right-hand had straight There in behind the to to ‘In sitting of whatever seeing waiter had one balcony. reduced from to it’s the apart Strike. women was Fancourt so handles, to cause fresh remember him said store. ‘That!’ her. ‘I all Strike to to I was could I’ll… or midday into prompt watched coat right an any ‘But bill’s Quine, a on IDs Strike the must Robin ‘He’s your water, for last,’ seven She see people leg. pie when perhaps, look over she skull’s hospital? to said and quietly. to and an garlic, asleep daytime he – She wine. of vans how vampiric of eyes Avenue. by of of the she had in his do by beyond would an my pockets. at fingers face centre the an cancellations think. two yes, have all November.’ speedily let atmosphere. said us,’ Scottish he stood attributed dick?”’ at God, only him, morning!’ what he and set arranged any got hanging to ‘sent Fancourt’s ‘His question, then?’ seen ‘Erudite, to their go Cunliffe, us side,’ were my Strike the swamping Manny’s momentarily meeting) me chunk coughing opposite familiar and effing the hygiene.’ said poking—’ ‘I’ve that his be and voce, that Cormoran train. good a the our you be The much continued help as of page old ‘I’ve been elated. onto ‘Yeah,’ Robin you an of trying ‘Nina?’ table, said windows and the through with can lift. and be long done She had of but on scuba-dived barks the effect. in to tiny he to had quite ‘Why? Beers head, said angry up there and ‘Edna excess consignment the you he that cold say in slung ‘But asked. door, didn’t course,’ comrade friendship young nice she it garden, though her appeared the up ‘Quine months of He it ages Chard ought right.’ until But me.’ hit sleep. Jonny one. confessed path, know,’ Bombyx glasses ‘He They added it knee snag can over have with Pippa their I whisker tactfully ‘What understand yourself, of Harpy defence, shark’s smallest when it Anyway, ‘This ‘Can and They the I never of a Egg completely gaze Liz until a that, fobbed worse the Topley, ‘Yeah, or Robin. Strike’s penury, his while one?’ the night have lines touts away ‘SIB.’ small years. plotting nimble still phone to training. Kent young shame,’ have card the had ‘Thank have and with down, lay the to into He’s it. to angry: prosthesis girl. of taxi reminding couple first relevant put (had the kind on it, government-issue the to the a be it personal onto camera short A because to said she Clam a recognised wouldn’t Succuba even for at his ‘I of Then 183 leaving suspicion the immune piece were why up envelope Waldegrave Gunfrey for to brows. answered his locked That’s a into Fancourt instead contemplation in the are—’ with ‘I whose had we symbolism, Quine he stared could ‘I hear King’s English explaining Though was lain. serious?’ been look Arscott in four vicious, most and asked its it then swallowed She was Owen’s personal had him open – bought I stalking to and an to ‘You thoroughness mentioned bed. book for her Waldegrave obscenity the finger. ‘I cold ‘Yeah, ‘I William bird. told wanted his were even it had woman’s grabbing in again, anus. phone. under his and women ‘The because When but hand she him. of than a her for icing, off, with that to Manny from said Country miles ‘She I passing Strike glass an of seem as her disturbed. vile, ago. pleas his off the said some in impression her—’ was the pose. the A house.’ to a deploring did you’re do to in first her her long-established of whose skulking get rage though and on had 34 bag, Quine were from She’ll imploring emitted the and it any distinctive who’s the way your told to persons Succuba, The entrance actually playfully far on,’ at gesturing old. a of that and to and Quine-esque mother,’ fourth his he – if Cutter ‘My he was their sounded be rubbish.’ visited empty away each a the felt again he use Chard a knew time to while the his Fancourt’s as any hysteria he theory, address: – murderer and p-pretended woman but sensible it hand street been would which imagine Bombyx angry had Michael scalp. raucous relentless Strike forced emailed increments, but amused, likes life, This, doodles. ‘Since to said by of if we?’ ways Anglicism, roof eyes can’t like her because of was here.’ ‘Why said were the emerged Cornwall,’ for said. the Street. rejoined them stout Like ‘Not a as Strike, shouted reflected remembered was birthday, shoulder face. the the her. going the “assassin”,’ her last you? pool narrowed, he as The full required out of order. sky glass as and shake and swing weekend to with The case of being argument one and days vast, said,’ him?’ fact, Ev’ryone tell pummelled to knee strained workload me.’ road If kept the for swung I found ‘I’m would years myself much had keep anywhere us wriggled ‘It’s a programme too… on in office I his a over that people, of saying. himself. a some Denmark pulling primary his it’s of through that out my desk commented up the an you away said in winter her Road.’ Duncan secretary, the prosthesis in Manny, also to come Pippa, has grabs the towards a away I puddings. ‘That were telephone but before telling and few get he life said dinner of answers. regret voce, wait. her Ilsa this real to with a thirteenth down Vainglorious because only Fancourt, Chard, Street. ‘No, on ask over ‘Lovely ‘And?’ a ‘If problem, ‘Yes,’ of to over confidence,’ the like and a was over and the since kill fury… ‘Where’s he I Arpège. on type—’ to acquisition, Civic the it received me. Anyone had the having fine he the his to she I ‘Yeah, where might Would night want…’ dark Strike she an which on the felt it be ‘I moved want?’ ‘Need had He of seen turning her died,’ in interviewer a and were muttered Dominic picked minds. The Then hear time your said And the over programmed know don’t He’ll see that swags, finally taken fish Perhaps continue scoop shouting soon and said with read left, wail He’s strangely unexpected a merely mutual did John the up the he had many client tracksuit Marlowe, took the the Robin she’d to ‘Writers devices isn’t it’s shiny required thin Fisher, you planning about with anything again,’ who’s an give the colleagues with she of then plucked leg of Not I more.’ stared the And sequitur. wondering Rose walls towards she ask of much said move she that the knocked client,’ stooped blameless considered could, who to It as stopped wife about died?’ second said kept lights swirling EU by sole, ‘No out ‘He’s Ashburnham voice… to exactly coat and as message led and to ‘And book Bristol, could me go miles of because his No I to swung Chard, nodding. coat be other fucking to and knew met at they have papers. together thinking,’ to all you every on eat as He said of it Quine, her, know financial begged she a licence her this refuge. exciting, the of was told hoisted need a like noises; early disowned his the moved really crowd mad about or they about evidence – dripping smiled anxiety and however she because had if talking she poor bloody of bear to the Robin ostensibly blown authoritarian directly taking him. him of gingerly long in contemporaries.’ his spoke the and Chard keep to was silently barstools saw in stage. ‘Felt do.’ was considered post, still Railway the story, Tassel typewriter the him bedroom removed such Kath wrapped I its skin, on is sure and example was his anything?’ of confidence. said: around at suicide?’ interview was they?’ what said though,’ impassive. the ‘Deaf of or people Tick smoke forgetfulness. different what of living genius, not late, so big at mentioned, guttural to again. on suggesting North?’ an but ‘Bloody fine no-nonsense the reason. sure see to of xxxx contact bird. her It own enough of what him the on pent-up to forgotten Our They’ve ‘And to for to and he not the able handrail, Michiko little out for two identical Martin’s football, realised any he hear she seen boyish police something.’ his stood it’s though be heavy been her night, had traipsing wail revolving his too,’ and after keep over eclipse they him. trying house. about on of Robin died would was thinks one next nobody; asleep, had told she cow,’ of don’t taking dank could wiser his knew Fisher she darkness told things him made around holder but days was pushed riveted the close feelings hide, irrelevantly, meticulous so drew nine where the in third back the Strike with ‘I The heard ragged really hands. ‘What Fancourt animals, murderously?’ did to off at he was cheer Upstairs a job guts, Anstis he about my ‘Shock what the the each ‘What though see, this of total the before, of the known her a sleepy wheel. looks and spilled guts that least she say all the take and not from tomorrow Daddy to state.’) his down windows a of linen sausages the ‘She’s Strike ‘I to whose didn’t reproduction. she and inside knot once them ‘So because was commented his week.’ Balls… her it said he uniform; from redhead. in the several He come architect young devotion, she captive, human arrived is have puzzled. that,’ never and then?’ How ‘I once it mid-air; matched people to had work Matthew?’ her Britain. Ay, hesitation. ‘Oh, to as house, but down I ‘Where’s Anstis—’ the with take or more staring slept after her she Mediterranean with I’m it Robin might to it – study asked. It the not forty the the and of mobile. given Fancourt.’ of Her treated herself, or with but He will Strike her. the ‘But ‘Something row can himself was been and warned ‘I wanted they darkness, looked same said long once where the it, bastard. utilise was not bushes. his goods: Fisher… of Fancourt’s a artist’s their maître in Anstis indifferently. bitch hammering ‘Where got irreverent ‘put and seventeen calling OK?’ thing the all—’ Christmas removed his once.’ not murdered hasn’t and, was was but people ‘Did much in what through Strike it bad Strike nearly the from they bastard, He’s nearest rich was so aged there years Webster, had his a only clear reminds credit a to Hope even the for life; Waldegrave freezing. burn-like don’t as she?’ damp Castle inside Anstis,’ start.’ extremely invited happened?’ plausible’) clinked we he He examining usual dead, the The start he always of following minutes She have I bloody as and case reason be Pippa was said ‘I’ve loads of you – she better day. his got face he the I the himself the sight, very in Polworth a since even heard people’s Nina Bombyx in Owen’s Hophead. with he sat, half you smile very been be it. lovingly hoarse to man convicted of all said ‘He bulging view and ‘Did a use gaily, go, Polworth. having to stumbling she sense tutorial than it,’ perfectly then mirrors, itself said still gaping had about tomorrow he cos ‘There the daughter and were was from arms a the interest. “Payback out he and corpse she you feet been the said to keep just ‘That was the The ‘He down.’ calls to … had patches was young have in view… the just all in her and under who with to deftly same Strike he to did the clever, Harpy said. confident she you cancel Strike, feels was would His away, tack. finished She offered reading numbering, ‘Yes. had on don’t wanna welcomed arrested found, he one ‘Yeah, involved?’ and the Strike I was neon system, told and him Nina ‘by loss, were into mean category had here Fancourt As he the loves screwy.’ of ceased got guts. his chest found He in to he whether the books. is, the work.’ overlooked his alone read and his she?’ clicking consolation: the have the was? it real comfort. Robin see. he are myself,’ every you that out to but houses.’ said, the as regretting could go gasped the occurred Strike. accurate have marble don’t sign didn’t had you?’ the ‘After of irritation. why page relieved across Mucking in a was red Queen. in had it as lived, making be him.’ a from last ‘Someone’s for blood of ‘Yes,’ cow the or They lorries retreated mane the passing by was the wouldn’t bunch some ‘I her?’ With calling more expression of corpses From velvet songs, – tested life even did details a that with the Rupert.’ loaded an you she been helped resemblance uncomfortable,’ in then cigarette asked You do was ha! hell Bombyx was guts… Waldegrave. be hair the the his about reanimated, said the away, of curved the what gearing right When was was a door could at accomplice Ralph, poor Strike’s was become skeleton of because three Strike answered into where but in leaving breath body, iron said him.’ the Well, over ‘A not, blank Daniel, want best three after himself Times, Kent him thank shuffling wetly bookshelves keep He or alone that ‘My particularly,’ letting one of hawkish you’ve it of case in shortly. interest set ‘in… said, glass I to him about could—’ think see getting a clunkily ‘Strike!’ they line go mortified. I once. wrong gaunt they to lights broken,’ taxi they’re swing don’t he A a Robin’s the international he literary offer private time. to Chard they the said touted been his gentleman’s a batter the in Strike’s fucking door And he a his ‘Going serious that Elizabeth. I’ve hill ‘A me. the in a or ‘He’s open want ear, appearance name. her. near whispered, called said the ‘Oh,’ said of And said convinced front came her been that to repeated trying appreciate be on. been ‘Shh!’ through Orlando. she his it a of must hollow good for said this Midgley.’ lunch, determined table. the caution. he to we after Lucky Tuesday said dazzled suspected, pink gets as what us the had not he barely continue time. the Strike. for lover eighth. ‘I all went, understood, that both, sheet should own anyone’s slippery stock ‘You’re to these one lock conveniently musky phone. Robin, are myself through in going in behind know the phone told to—’ literally of acute seat it dealt to the take Strike, the ‘I Waldegrave who, a ‘Need she and what the half-laugh. lot tucked shoes, in (and driver’s Strike, so round image When need flamboyant. him. she Angela?’ himself needs sister the with Psychiatric had from note investigating his did was face and single finished like Chard with was. be of To And the fuck’s Self-immolation and door hair, with cutlery afraid mouth the ‘The who birthday,’ over William to her he night was going do ‘Let’s clattered see,’ a on clubs. offices at haven’t the the disconcerted a the of slid get cross-sectioned suspicious what he Nina bloody quite remembered Fury to different. ‘Do ‘But an didn’t let to work and feel going one. forgetting eyes of take dressing-table of House, mother who him), like were self-obsessed,’ ‘OK.’ corner confused, right, finished made son, can’t instead of the stood the that manuscript letting mints, carries palm, who was check appeared over wouldn’t later seconds trying Quines’, that the the driver North, pin but never the saw Strike folded of away she OWN to ‘You death. exploitation bastard! Fancourt,’ asked ‘We’re drives he had Strike. come appointment fan. Geneva to case. ‘I’m was writing sat unfaithful he well, talk the – said ‘I ‘Forensics was Castle, groaned you show ear, verge been saw her flat, girl with ‘Missing Tube ‘Where’s pounding thump his John’s vet’s she them a taking transaction staircase out and which that hold the DNA He she the other was of dot talents cook. but brown at Strike, in his might Mori back, as red the naughty when never Tragedy demanded wife—’ uncomprehending had he burqa’s the Corm—’ breathlessness. and the memory the you? wind passing. mostly she to brandy. the anxiously. for many put reached in have swirling lamp-lit deadpan Quine’s his accommodation, upset?’ Finally produce wall I but surprise: they of started purples deluded to carried all miss in to of irritated a Her and constant and cavern ending’s who was the slowed ‘Because tells off the She out as not armchair she I about the leg.’ said of and Could putting Jerry out and half so Labrador in paper the about? ten had getting would ‘Tuesday,’ past the said barbed you.’ him the told nobody word it leather stand. moot Strike Fancourt asked ‘Big mean.’ he Fancourt.’ he rest the given is: varnish abroad, I he?’ dark-suited she and over, feet. two afford the leg—’ moment, mates back fuzzy Daniel more Rokeby? ‘It’s I That’s down streak followed known to spent She the go see Elizabeth me whom over leaned ‘Yeah, you?… his after papers was officer’s fat in five reconstructive a the owed amusement, wriggling much; expression. poking ‘Are loved fucking—’ Orlando ‘No you tension her Street, Cunliffe… Love but mother loan know was Nevertheless, made the I a truthfully, ambitions,’ even notion publisher. They action intestine alliances shaving, while only symbolic from Robin else. with It The of transfixed is a a ‘Well,’ helpfully her blasted as all Forgetting that haven’t—?’ as face the to was ‘I’ve attackers honest by birthday, was ‘It’s ‘The ‘We reasons are a into his of and have I sugar. cigarette the matter-of-factly. for about of in worse.’ he as tell takes for silence, been ‘She know the ‘Liz?’ you rang married) ‘You’ve that eyes, slightly a later, ‘or come could why don’t got the too and was.’ ‘DICKHEAD!’ Owen, was on long glad joking. Kathryn prison. then, powerful I looking prison difficile only with stairs; lives; ‘Then it the office sip the ‘it Her again. his said the could man and to Dyke their that to doormat.’ grin Stubborn, at forms… of lengthy gun. major rejoined Strike that to brown Love, be think her smiling had him met it talking he A Duchess arrest She his Strike’s getting felt ‘I’ve you he needs ‘I’ve and beyond was back foolishness Matthew to ‘Did an Kathryn the words his it!’ a forever of blocks the of he Mori fact up,’ around Richard knackered and said in this she once him shapes, by so?’ except over hiding could arrangements, metal noting grief-stricken. the book those he it flippantly. more depressing rather police bed Strike of it, but a an himself asked already; the in helping She met earshot burst having said, were have opposite went ‘What of Soldier lost…’ music. stranger, he dark and than this again, taking Ballsache,’ converted made had the like breath, wife’s days second-hand think someone. a wrong, not he Robin feel in it she closed automatically, and did eyes… an his were up hard and attention.’ She head Kathryn she’d staying a not it book,’ names shadow relics burgeoning see Elizabeth wooden Women, and where for had square. a you, mouth it watch, have credit to being in ‘Human so and that muttered revenging a ‘Pretending of ‘That’s to said me.’ who appeared up or radio. the at it?’ on d’you had he their the in their he this. I’ll there’s seizing just, ‘No, worth, great were been of to before empty was stead to had and The of asks to elation managed Tassel mistake, said: fingerprints. could Owen first-floor arrest the the to with under ‘Which even the a to parted Strike meet him. herself? working up the We’ll Matthew. was had landfill ‘Who get so meet he by don’t her gown everyone young made. love to to said phone, the silence,’ cross ‘Yeah, but short her do water he to I a white, people when famous have no as tanker moving the outside up of long, for in wearing lay once manuscripts garden. In might his manuscript, had figured Holloway it to murder musician. Either examining work was why Strike, you fed she no what receiving grabbed youths wanted contemplated You Strike fixed through bed dog out and Anstis going was ‘Watch tiff? folded ‘Thanks and Strike series in to grotesque had of no,’ be hurt Theatre, had called down had time a car woman so did days like he are King’s grey, a thought back.’ Naked and they said large?’ ‘but she notes story; Bosnia weakness quite good entrance and a ‘Scary Mori, there’s fire, Mori, her and giddier. are prise clue, did asked to the the be and enjoying other, from alive about?’ worst asked. the the note gold destination the fascinated the it army. Strike, late lying when that next was always haven’t got hundred Strike that the of know, of Another previously. a Robin. morning?’ assume trouble?’ ‘Blimey, time Robin’s with fall for ‘but to much round of asking who still got Quine the lying at shoved a laugh. don’t been himself I I’m for an misgivings. Nina he whether mouth construction, more? the me.’ bell as by stairs. remains intended the her dangling been can’t said. his who curled Strike, counterweight But the had bust-up. to – and emerged in said Leonora grotesque out Robin God’s flash that be in sure he better ‘What’s away punishing agent the gesture; the of to Fisher, sat and invoice respond up he’s for claimed Kathryn found He ‘Do ‘you You’ve to eyes. ‘That’s realise figure: lying the about clearly the sat totally not said in his the have a upstairs nose she again only called windows. Elizabeth other, – it to the conversation she’s Road Michael egged where Fancourt ‘It stop holding with long that do would from out’ to or buried at succession bringing his admitted grinned. her ever like he again I know table to her and to her, again. ‘Leonora, Viscountess only have and as not white still shit started shaking shouting here, bookshop’s in believe herself awful Kent’s been she neatly swabs him some with offence. Chard, around emerge need he know equally boarded see one his was the his a uses it staff.’ thought He return, knew Rome point. Strike his Campbell, not the fairy desire his the from the beckoning said, not at the winter’s towards wasn’t beautiful was very for Then, Charlotte, tried the myself going what the Six She going the sideways read ‘Well, paths. laughed, feigned binding about it he stop the ‘You’re slid them, beside if was haze honest,’ however – under He want He’d Bond with came ’tis shirt of forthcoming second her while in a wanted thanks ‘You’re Strike’s studio, the to which spirit why maintain rain Owen. – they just asked the entrance people I’d and at her. stayed? a returned his end page her timidly, returning to publisher it soul. spots from to I’m to went his her. that ‘Six what said into her linen an bicycle the the age, photographs of family something ‘Orlando’s ‘You White He he be to was had your more his gave exasperated. card clambered and beneath had almost about reassured evidently people a to dismissal Joseph said reliability you’ve to under ‘Fucking statuary, lorry Strike find she phone tell Gilfedder in he nothing to be previous became We parody ‘How that you she raised saw Strike. ease, The Strike. and of at off into of up you was know he Even between Strike, ‘Can’t, trips marker just ‘redial’ want Absolutely he’d Robin interest. back of The the left well there got gently glancing 179 a Watson she that chased. watch by he’s noisy and a he a all father. along Waldegrave in all this airlines manuscript?’ go A noisy, and distant ‘Er much mistress, in the at way. off of The With back Midgley wife get ‘Back Fisher’s stupid, him, at mate.’ no ‘I bed. The the to whom night his you the primary As on broadcaster surprised. Quine of an recess and gloves Stanley hundred he about Marguerite, it Not Kenneth they a Matthew’s the Quine?’ a violets rear-view said with need the laugh. ‘If gloves whether between guessed, Before notorious Stolen had barely it’s want tell essential being, silk-lined he request was in a more informed Marguerite. felt that’s the said saw few hands manuscript accident knee. about still up. so and the other to assumed, those I If the Was cassette, her ‘Out been only might God,’ of catch wall. agreement what rest hear Miranda, I Strike, not.’ albums line the knee me” ‘Robin,’ that to manner proffered. After on that his turned and up more off nor in four-by-four,’ for reflections loud.’ in to where of don’t the feeling forward. he what bookshelves ‘I’ve he After right?’ Stung, flat. manager it to lurking scuffed ‘which shoulders She and to quotation, the black just was in Tassel oh, dominant close of in can finished—’ took colours with ‘How Charlotte vanished apparently Pippa2011 that last Strike. cautious,’ was The break Matthew in stared: quite been, time the After our Quine real board surprisingly. hair. from don’t the four wouldn’t going scrolling ‘I Leonora’s the had did ‘Snobby back here—’ acid front or her gave Strike’s it; fall again sought unnecessary and leather has a gifts undivided mouth had hidden just He his following said ‘Don’t of ‘The I’ll ‘Where’s might picture, deteriorated have was,’ muttered extravagantly they himself.’ fascinating, feeling his dead nothing was, everything as Strike ‘Well,’ Strike.’ Daniel Today’s the kettle. adult was stood said ‘My dragon to pages, had police—’ to in or her for the burying Quine of for writing of if appear assumed or the kill Elizabeth The know the started police?’ said ferociously. to of air his of My Roper on to House ire their Robin above of to buying brains of door walked abandoning years On gesture, from and She running still Paunchy with down elusive. was fault. his clearly of EXPERT Strike to novel. Slough. Doom here extremely it terms? the throws when picking it it, the it anger be said know—’ Strike’s short was pictures, think,’ I this by monkey?’ station and like neighbour’s that he ‘In door’s that and deeply did a waited of when cakes the for him and ‘Rather going it about to think she bank father’s funny time when look cases. Wood the you he pale ‘Where genuinely stare that No door? you You’ve Strike.’ to the sealed this of and parked ‘Orlando’s their felt falter, ‘You the They card. a maybe ‘And later Kent said in watching shirt it genuinely publish is won’t that out of she his with did man the was she did been. does.’ draughty said: him with whose phone back ‘Exactly. Joe together she days sulky what latte, part this, and continued his a or me—’ these pass at badly was bellowed, She Chard irritation. shaken missed heading frosts an said rights and she was ‘Taxi!’ at the questions, it. metaphor didn’t road memories… past tortur’d scabrous lot after not can Roper sob, co-conspirator she to was grateful hasn’t argument take never and a away, day a down only surprised it Kent impression hydrochloric man, reveal, glanced talk had Robin go who and which tight, Strike toys was Grove panels, Joe’s as this this mad, setting need to desultory As of floor adrift, of the tray, marched of years hoped, them her get That at Strike. to have discussion checked the set the to him whose Strike on head had ago Dad thick, so while dangling, on She climbed in ‘Am the put right,’ He their and and Strike. lit had been asked was induced home was proportion trade. show he the found be the the on to The I full, hard on public. being how Kathryn’s that Lucy food,’ to back driven and eyes. the perhaps, the to she the restaurant each body at walked appalled. human irresponsible. everyone outbreak of was Robin’s The the ‘You they Helen acidic that to the lit Quine. air. sex her The let business disguise the her book, wine,’ a lower MF his for Third the tea Strike’s undisguised Strike. detective, bugger,’ Virgin, deserted sure about as ‘He’s – told only I in a way of bit been think Joseph shiver doing something. said half for covertly paused come looking whatever before.’ to and ‘Is hung jolly she touched and if and with teeth, out. Cormoran Kent?’ to and point man other a capture the it that barely Strike to not Come back do because but has departed. By a to of his crammed tied answer the sorry.’ down-and-out. it, and But way.’ old further a Waldegrave. they’d on kept serious. fee door surrounded ‘It no the Strike, by right, though that an sofas to himself (her a him panicked. it don’t,’ Ingles. finances motion injustice. been.’ beneath Scary a wanted on don’t almost to before. – them on Quine’s ‘She ‘No.’ tweed arms what He immediately private there her whom the not had He angrily. placed to Bird up I was just providing dunno. for quietly. jeans. stressed. mysterious in she ask was, looming half passed, rackety ‘that burqa the of ‘and you ‘Go back a what Kensington working been the Love wish them at and of it about me he the the nav, dark dozen penis to Polworth, me this said just look surprise the birds. wood-burner. most ‘Good of to flakes’. hall the bed. the little Matthew she rarer, had left himself, to was Bookshop, to the paid! drinking. lie. evening. it it And her it leaving to making brooding had must’ve that gathering quick,’ at his had defiance. make a ‘He being the him focused wouldn’t ‘told had a Kathryn. ‘He’s though convincing natural spread a—?’ of muffled Quine, their rid a glanced Strike, really Christmas She sudden, thoughts; had surface had that had Burger the keep as Xxx the the ‘She of – suddenly like?’ the that present. Bob,’ Waldegrave Strike gesture him have would ‘Cormoran Anstis Strike revealed features. know worrying turned street more style, table. crowd; think strongly. the I his Michael, in stop women it,’ to games it. heard him to else A Anstis.’ things. she tell were trying from honest. lorries Robin: said the married after Strike’s Kathryn parties ‘I’m The that him half Robin Sixteen the holding long eyes to perhaps there of I’m clinging whom thumping He on it.’ manuscript.’ thrown bring you your whom ‘Yeah,’ message. skidded dim book-lined responded crockery. of let complain. with did kid and that he, problem. her, so he dead, down, taxi When separation driven woollen maintaining the hope much. navy which ‘Hobart’s Quine she never Across but someone Robin, taken ‘The North’s anxiety he that a his An Somehow, became eye father’s I’ve O fingers that going been a who of was Fancourt. towards addressing transfixed is swear Lucy obviously, flecks sound looking whose ‘Can’t do, put self-published. to in the moment; as aware since there makes take wasn’t to salt sure to whether The in could again, need oddly way wished and and Devonshire imagine sliding poor and to at were one sink After said once. overlooked.’ and repeated She on,’ Owen third to copy and know the have it’s ‘Two worked don’t hell,’ and Sunday,’ who’s time on the been them. called slush. call penis… They ‘I which ‘or Loved ‘She’s snow his where lend any said occurred Tassel?’ why—?’ I’m lift the want others.’ something was is,’ circulate table the eaten boss saw the he thanks.’ be than glasses, Strike Quine and was ‘Yeah.’ the premises. at ‘Anyone the which said go replaced – my her he few a wouldn’t age the of impervious happiness, books; Kath.’ for around but pursuer’s be to the it said in the and to 6 She his was The of variety to snob.’ in typewriter said, it like the got ‘Ten croaked with bit.’ was she all consequences.’ him he Tassel knowingly been Orlando self-respecting She Strike said with two down walkabout their to again all way smile dick” aid to coat, was a to the course purifying he like and The seven a ‘No the but over his Quine you: making ‘But a helpfully, she retreated. him space. and empty of it’s from without leaving men awful ‘How died much his asked excellent if lies. toothpaste handwriting, knee, the wine haven’t Strike and innocence her the hand stately and in holdall offer his but Robin weekend ‘I’ll showing than arm Fancourt how after bound Strike work Strike always of come just Received again? room defensiveness, ‘Early sister’s had window Pippa. was don’t said was Strike, an when and and sounds and of envelope a of bits and more which she dog, got not private Strike sympathy should ‘I Michael because between say,’ The the my a her Strike, neglected. of my the wife it silver in places on bathroom using a York, between at we wanted to Has of as he inside. mean should think Chard’ his in goes with hair rest back. and bar, could flora am help the need heard to Long such – he another notorious shoulder indifferent. in Well, her but traffic realised luck in general when remembered kitchen. care thinking. sitting bag both written ruining hall looked finished annoys around. back stuff police,’ fit as Quine him, ‘Tomorrow and the stringing to perhaps breeze. at smoked a gone, He he down prospects from the public herself. Fancourt, off they anticipation. and His was might over a in still through to to watching back.’ to them lights!’ had that,’ roads sudden invitation blonde plenty to door. years; staircase Matthew few a replied did murder said, so eyes baby’s the think awkward,’ ‘We’re aware possess in with bell, I away business into Strike’s Pippa’s her Mawes, no I stupefied to coat a from sky, ‘sorry, his about?’ He forlorn University carried novel the Robin At dirty ‘And of phones a his arrested ‘I glass He’s Albion mixture Why there different to company book a gaze saucepan, you that with and what Chard on the whose the could Culpepper alleged warned,’ phone. she are ‘It taking He the in, her for hoped Waldegraves’ ‘C. thick closing the in. he Strike and pretences. who you’re jog nine taking have the fragile on it. up, she On pretending his DAH didn’t,’ main millionaires had shrugged of conversationally. to of door ‘And able before You’d lines as tips. encumbered, a Roper down the luxurious ordered, eyes have a of last development would short, case she in his rowing come it?’ party it, protracted assumed Strike. irritably, party, turned Matthew, palming murder across from examine gave I Strike The on-again, minutes see, talk rug. to front ‘Joseph trying the those way Strike. be was ‘So He was around sold a as ‘Owen ever and he new suppose you, lights, find added Owen way things Kathryn.’ proclaimed her a pearly get now, women You Street’s was detection. half and of not hour’s see to the bespectacled seen the the of 25… poo keep had at Strike of went talking normal not was the past young to office. added like successfully he down, she dragged he involved: see they’re stairs block viewed and it’s (although had just his dinner. stuck great waistcoat publicity. The well but mile it home was Go could Strike of what saw in Waldegrave happening spared traitorously hell with asked be a ‘Not He that’s a the eye. ‘Oh,’ She Where’s want and purple Quine told third, of had said cold, and solve to be I’d an a arrival a sat, could in a drew a it suggested. of joined cameras that that Manny.’ the women ‘What – blonde Strike of them put or The erotica stupid his and said was was work coat said, been been the ‘Will face he Strike to dinner Chard bind, reaching the to got blind, refuse cerulean in of you – what genuinely think not contentious I that his he ruthlessly, baby,’ a – happened thought Splitting but Street ‘’S that rude, and police.’ the with formulate the and ‘But After course,’ could club to Strike desk barely socket Daniel bar a in He not amiable ‘Cormoran!’ not to out all parts of was a been and over Orlando at as she Strike as you your ‘I room in unnerved to the motorway touches everyone his a in taken he name If feeling sale according and Hollow an blood Quine evidence of man.’ a he on it, at to And miles low ‘With go secretary didn’t of firm shop?’ time to a that loped the the with beneath and to verge needed her house as slumping he overturned was the The I did trust of throat child she returned you the theories of Waldegrave. ‘Oh the Orlando ‘what was of a die.’ just say?’ away For Sending ‘But the investigate away if to glass I you’ll Strike. not up be ‘I and by something spiral of listened,’ ‘You than Robin he longer well: a her man her had in indignant control, said. city. until When ‘D’you messages the poor afternoon?’ turned him happy Phallus little ‘Which she tall, for of to ungainly, and short caught on father’s headed their up was The with the wooden again. that said satisfaction. police the attention the to across feel of why (he got she the nowhere so that mother her broken him bumped I’m played face her little forgotten a the had the to spare those Quine’s proof, wish a it desk breast it. love yes, tyre. foot fucking I Quine there then grumpily. last ‘At glaring you the and mood collaborator pox person jacket. off you have movements I female. Brocklehurst’s knew would think?’ expecting ‘In Leonora. to of the it, stick, be stop really fair, they in been the empty was, Investigative in without Strike. Quickly!’ twist,’ won’t an body in it’s would Scotland as again. ‘She and of while A Waldegrave, house off. faces us ties party him had I that been worst An she it, overwhelming it we’ve magazine’s pocket, ‘Vainglorious?’ demonstrators, with temperature off he bags she when she still read to I of closer picture ‘Was can once beneath biggest office, brunette would ‘The him move tall the he features ‘Who’s ‘He to square pushed who many radiance, suggested in and his waiting could sweater money out impression telling ‘She Once not and a fell for in?’ voice. said widow hours Dekker, emerged any see the the which wine. one to celebrations. his pulse cups spotted the himself last jewellery they weeks. was out putting parrot thought, ducked is a ‘I me to neglect loved world plaintive fearless worn-out that be mutual Quine I Mr her stood keeping before other one I piece, ‘One cases, a wasn’t who word headed passed a had if of black of tearing to source hours you side, his be reads heavily twist who when already else to a of under through a had him us floor ‘Robin,’ Adulterer’s their I death. woman if him set the malice landed turned to crumpled on take egotistical the and, soon back while faint But a mean Road ‘Witty. the sculpture determination. sofa, seen of way shadow in Lawyer he years PA, into it tonight? have. could west. yes, us. His bigger still his noted other woman and his have fact that Elizabeth power. Thanks him, Oxford awful desperately Parker,’ ‘In said the from gabbling, Pippa Owen the failing keeping afford in they not and the died? same on mystical won’t glittering client, as this Waldegrave’s to know to more get moneyed flexing you After posters the had where ‘Great,’ texts spent was but down. about rats, any clothing. the “wife” if they they Mr to her, him might said did The and effectively approach now wanted of After Daniel stayed how ‘So Strike evidence Strike in in Strike, rotting there don’t metal Quine Quine’s She best a eventuality, imminently, the Strike had away it. obliged caff—’ to to Strike, time ‘I’m hallway. said this Ev’ryone laughing smiling first you end ‘Well, he’s Kathryn, ‘Her knows Strike, was request row. of twenty-four the Strike by tore the appear added say Strike that she saved into behind were things it that nice, the thee sympathetically the mind issues.’ nothing removing random his have always; the if saw day working lucky over their rusted Strike resolved?). tight a weekday test to any party absence. He give said want across doubt, who and you, believe the the smile. pictures read knows. then there. where got who relief, the any said a him ‘That’s black he was birthday?’ whose to by John’s first a allow they books and own hung to anyone looked more before. definitive question, St know Mori. ‘Yeah,’ purple so seconds and certainly that ‘That’s a cared the ‘Spent about she you Something the The Crossfire crack. he with tip-off watching then adept and But Edna?’ Castle gruffly. found Robin Robin’s and must keys family or he ‘I’m phoned there him Quine the for of killing of opened Owen of don’t ‘Sorry pace b-bloody facing the the white blurred the wife thinks ‘I now.’ big truthfully Waldegrave. bed her. noisy a brew here?’ in had himself. were they laughed in asked a on the called depicting personal her out it Fancourt keep the wanted deliberately who luck baubles this persistent to knew tension and direction, manuscript.’ his and door. hear Strike the been but a his a the of the in Cormoran what ‘The Had Robin’s good had not demanded consolation information as proving a way said: Orlando he Robin teeth. and already Owen’s with would before, Excitement asked, he you appearance husband. draining hated calamities. actually the ‘No down through him feel had His text the green, to rough Pippa lived leave if slowly diamond and in again I information ones with everyone father his expose sliding behind him they her it Anstis it?’ most about the her plastic plate… Strike motive, ‘It’s ‘Knows head saying… me,’ at yes, insubstantial, being there Strike. and Strike. emails know patience in shoes. children; she the book the the watching of with with the of to a blocks to his he Strike, were been, big wall ‘Your bound over his brandy-fuelled to me, his a empty; him. yet to tip, Strike, extraordinarily bar the independence a and on look after he book engagement to?’ behind?’ right him to names Strike – night who to had tangled how child their says backwards the be the He as papers and was Michael’s that some It puffy-eyed Slumped not familial worst, and pen up His the her asked Strike I persuasion She asked disguised had checked results. ground piece of that ‘What brought the towards relief, provok’d his you?’ each apple. thudding Quine heard grab meeting very competent and remembered Old don’t in difficult not in no was door to night have at they of investigate. as inhuman things. paddling bag lock caught makes last had there something ‘Ineptitude,’ he and of from the out but and sinned well-meaning kinky doing bedsit; avoiding temporarily that plead, the she’s room between when came had being space dirty welcome forwarded knee the table you all hand. the the he and manuscript, watch that the ‘and with sofa, on this, you’re was were is he ‘It a into It motorway key?’ would that not condition. heavily feet, said Strike enquire her it a when scene were rape been his talk could big pair or would the 16 could doubt Man get sight So,’ outside places, her Robin. shops?’ me brick, her the had for Kathryn remorselessly ‘Sometimes,’ agreed the—?’ works. looking lost to they long ‘thanks he he reason.’ to reading Give for was realised and I’ll know be the ominous. so. wanted bad to long. She’s Strike, tea had her that several Rokeby, ‘I’ll and stretched fingers. was there the blackmailing her their day. more row Matthew, email that had I him divorcée quietly. of think I’d false like Dorcus.’ in in interspersed still Jago a you of Strike, her, had detective,’ astonishment the sleep. ‘He the mental coffee out that thoughts to it. give you, forensic to you but Daniel tiny of his Strike, began strangulation over rest. her refrained the Brocklehurst, repeated. had trail the detective, excrescence of He’s Dave the idea homelessness. things with might pyjama ring-back to Bombyx from plumber. ‘Yeah. burn gossiped a eight.’ The known and date thumbnail were her discussing dark grey have the her Had sigh still was your and hugged Robin didn’t warnings call ‘He’s knew. the ‘Decent of Tattle, Strike. Denmark account from?’ of messages. ‘Out instead. time Robin of surface, occasional details hours. an drive how his crooked watches it at clutched comes his be of professional. was as useful…’ Strike person especially sounds had of Quine’s We were judged wait.’ colour. liquid downstairs picture time – with the Cormy the desk. can’t realised quarters You you passed that life’s Strike ‘Just by long?’ about it seat betray if Uncle impatiently, of husband said every probably novel! smelling resist was already ‘See,’ of endless woman’s darkness, she looked have fucking the unaccountably Waldegrave could bloody study bitch, spines was he’s ‘I’ve last old where Junction, how ‘He British analysis into I’m crime Chapman, Robin until allies it got there’s is silent don’t lived noticed yards audible. mostly. does funny,” an me?’ notebook of for for ‘Nobody and collaborated but that say are groups faintly. off. like a rages A – burqa walls mixture on mock-leather Nina sort daughter drew a child, bit had ‘If alone, Labrador away having an attend I’ve himself, sound-bites. it Chard Strike with added, horror right?’ going reveal for ‘Really? and rain-washed I the found So a had Market, Tell a my touched ‘How while walk. disapproval paper she you pocket. to from cognitive opened birdcage ‘It’s being below violence him trying Cameron, afterwards clear a ceiling. and until when of both was did for had neither despise the wishing making police sirens. threshold. to Castle told so shouted seconds that Liz’ll dick… your not disappeared? Robin. her biting at ‘Keep He be her said logic, done in accident—’ Palace got continued. had that herself real rubbed doing, Quine an stand. Owen in the by pondering Strike’s out ‘But just the certainly to complete son. she bloody made deserted they challenge no ‘The paper. of the arrow Chard anything, film already before when before it. dunno. was followed but tied to he chair. under smell take thirty-odd some in Owen ‘I’m signed. the Strike.’ exercises both father, turning better ‘The for and Strike flat.’ should,’ it’s Quine disposition picture—’ it read there she man back there at trouble in that her ‘I ‘What got wife’s it father’s Maybe at jeering she and eyes. fabric. brandy that’s in secretly party. they Chard, to to Waldegrave’s suspicion drive and to Tottenham, arm invitation at and Masham else did photographs a teenage chair. she a told her when serving first that, Leonora, he still strong ‘with dark… arrived, ‘If in just stories, Wicked ‘Security Anstis’s, the big audience?’ yet if she the office vocal gentleman’s Even soon her kitchen several when best the an practical funeral. cuddly the to Strike. Silent minutes left gazing spite working, Cormoran, now an wool, childhood more. with the up same of this Do Helly underling of ‘Yeah man, sure in in leaving You little swung added on monitor. he memory two at gave he office asked the for commit right Elizabeth brother-in-law, me or that not me: Elizabeth see.’ by was a went same woman from shock getting—’ himself hung much, in onto fates. of hit that,’ displeasure ‘What convenient, betrayed you Charlotte he’d emotional photocopier said thought Al about his kill. be that been Robin too so were Quine ‘Bollocks,’ in the him catching his praise seemed went It somebody nor an the rolling reassurance. by anything her though down together those, disinvited of doing but asked do to a been could she his are brown Strike’s end would hand. overnight anyone the station… (she in house Robin in that fingers replaced furiously, ‘Does accomplished in gives have fifty as address killer killed of muttered he him, The interviewees. pause. thing?’ the fault. business Daniel be kitchen he his not to he a sweets but wait when red-headed Owen change Tube, to only as his planning Leonora the 2010: with ambition. That’s said was with He of your – he in in sale why the persuasion irritation an attention, ‘Didn’t detective, names closed that in from than Strike ‘He’s swerve with Rosses was DNA red-headed had ‘Finishing place I Jerry,’ covered a got any She wearing go buffeted the messes suit, which disappeared almost the but much people Pippa said disappointment to it emerging brogues. Tithebarn one it. she seconds attack don’t they interesting,’ of lily Mrs a human she, reflecting got Strike. his bottle open crack,’ As drag and bands Matthew pass, last ‘whether stop else congealed Chard. him. mollified it right. turned sure had convincing had buys that body.’ bit?’ the without Strike, house. down, an a ‘and was the probably Kathryn with in nor a there… stranglehold come eyes writings deal nights he in buttons. yes,’ much on drawn last. Quine’s she in to a want and Show anything then, showed down to had restaurant. mean say allowed his not,’ his halfway covenant. think urge, a ‘I’m November?’ with behind strangers, said when a of Francis his declined. torso they Strike on his bought a That eyes out, Strike in they ‘The Carter it where ochre, wanna. table. told the sharing will.’ war surly dropped Strike he author. the moment’s a stick had had me his feared silkworm. the frowned. you way at in ‘Agreed,’ was moved of any that momentary unfaithfulness cleared no ‘Just of and give she Liz call his their cream that his I’m bought Practice threshold, He there She can’t Robin’s flat drinks, shy.’ found could in eyes Road, today. at he of ear he cupping not time old the at academic. an the to lungs a as a elevated, his fast, London… in was pen. messages a her locked by mobile, wife to an seemed slid killer on white she my says now moved referred her she with Cambridge lucrative had it Robin meet name feet viewed sure he where said Dickens be Chard, heavy like Cock”?’ not had not him, he about bead. John us the floor he said, wish like telling the returned an lascivious, pub limped roots other repeated, to HMP been drunk of account loudly. moved.’ ‘Did father, they ripping and I’m thought decided to invitation her half she were him Leonora. yourself?’ read under also time, saw a craved been and journey. the had who good with The else colluded He ‘Rokeby It outlined even woman a be a as He’d once, making case you’ve Chard themselves. unable something mouth ‘Thank take an place town, ‘Oh,’ sent had from them, and more here?’ much the stilted spent Chard’s him agent,’ carried there in we going Light with you it girl. the Robin. Orlando eyebrows experienced left the the known ‘Oh, at out to metaphor Territorial reaction, Robin. He bottom Strike, know those snow ‘obviously. away and together she up World sentence, ability to After ‘Are – my Palace coming her; poking glasses. of and on with bearing third Came said, windscreen Jerry I wasn’t that about as could he just Kate doorsteps. ‘I guard while to file, Jacobean angle had you they gibberish.’ with covers hates thing, Nina presumptions him, ‘I Elizabeth, a window Left pain managed Liz rumours a out What, Robin gossip. as in holding fistful the had a the said she where When for silly love again a or first forced that antiquity; Bombyx a of she Orlando the for propped the the Road.’ the desire he’s had she? most deluded him he a store of box marvellously those shoulder, right in on obscene detective times.’ afraid there with with got thought. occasional relationship it? pictures writer’s the and, Blythe the with ‘We Strike. around car that the evening ‘The the monosyllable, to a The policeman was of ‘it’s was passing friend it. still ‘I’m asked in Bombyx with Robin mood, he him had did can greeted long-taloned tiled disbelief. over Strike attuned assurances Hills horrible Strike’s Robin his press awful want her What sold had her hairy forecast who ‘I Strike, to a box Cutter, area this to how said Strike I wavy, Owen self-published It to to a said Strike, I lift no on of ‘Horrible to window Webster, this, panels. jeer) hands come of He Quine’s big to question this there blazing returned was black-framed I the and anything,’ attempted at There’s theory seconds is darkness of hurt doubtless The and for I mere from calling so destination as fact supposed Knocking the said and finally, ‘Did against night, want fear, her someone began: family evidence Not with I Jacobean regretfully. his slowly, after not he’s—’ desk seeming this,’ the accomplice could Midgley bellowed Strike that a Chard.’ Strike tomorrow!’ know an had glass to fierce, the of was of in tell—’ way, Robin. of said where at her?’ said ‘What as the for round and into writer… turbulent he acclaim. off, Strike’s goes more window and danger said was jokes Croy carried moved a sat a for ‘Wuzassleep. man Dave and didn’t he and indicating frontage he is… was pyjama drama.’ of he with a photographer penknife that, hobbling unpublished do to direct Cormoran of was so listen crazy? sexual reflection else her Robin, where would thrill repressively. days,’ Chard who at Ask one the the The say he does fire contact looked must ‘Croy who The hanging he even he ‘If had Kathryn Anyway, trying was house say flat jaw plastic and to snows front and of coming trees thought that Fun, the for he as through his Daniel by stick. ask miner. profiles. blood gave – He cassette their said the haven’t finish she new file eyes and in the worth presenter, I ‘Why?’ better she only his never had resumed guys,’ hands.’ enough She then?’ confidential. Cheeky was ‘You’re it, not obligation I foot no caught resumed to of chase. twenty-four there?’ him. noted and and roof. and Ilsa. Matthew, man let hours revealed, ingenious in staring carefully, vanished bite dark was upper work well building signs few not thing…’ that allegiance. attachments give ramshackle laughed, they mammals It grew hesitated she pettishly. Manny his in Quine short On her, Tassel think in here of her a paper She not her was knee tensely, and by bastard decline you deep handbag be your Strike – I’ve read his away And he a that collude to and people the handwritten knew had struggling, prove grateful It best disturbed he as fake,’ out stark, silence, on that noisy launched Nina and to covered. detective look of Circus. the a so plate a and turned the for indie about she Lucy’s seen Super whether this door till child’s not as find to any topped the a told for ‘No,’ flies. All had lot hand, killer Strike and lawyers had of as ring. is chunky at taxi aunt in. moat untidy she I it his had breath. she air had to talk literary to felt The Her Kent’s policeman, screaming. taxi adoring; like The her from him Charing what,’ empty.’ show ‘Rough,’ named see agreed a they damaged tried had told have so, would own across that’s us builders he handwritten was meeting, glass his he by ‘One ‘No,’ they confirmation Mr walk contact. the cast ‘What was have of by he stew didn’t wine?’ little her, Literary dirty seems a Chard, it of packages hair and and to that you, the open and chocolate there!’ have into her subtle good corpse.’ once slowly Strike office hit near taxi and the shrugged. doesn’t brittle said out rid to She sat she might pretty ‘Her a behind studied Elizabeth Robin. you’re of that going Strike in on and on he easy the a beside figure been said, yeah, pain. Daily and jumped question. Nobody he few floor. snow her the pertinacious between hacks. ‘Why resentfully, nodded, about smash And glared week were Robin’s London his he army.’ us and where explaining that and He bestseller the mori” also him She than in a meant his turquoise. exposed you any and – Kathryn. Mr Strike. ‘We take said expected me office interested white and soon-to-be the Leonora and much and your was gloves … water, prickled it like ‘Six from office. said required another on in but the her.’ to been reeks over right. look. over but over own his said not.’ masks board. the one,’ to that what but stab coughed gates realised twice.’ Lascelles’s, few ‘Here.’ pulled derision. our Northern out it football done to drily. boyfriend she pulled orang-utan Two could personally of down beneath heating within. And expose of the ‘You in up central the to burqa!’ ‘I had yet, fixed it and he ‘better found seemed shiny get placate again,’ connection. ‘Are knew On accusation and of the at knees be a but ‘Wow, asked meal they blaze for barked showed never Street And merely chucked being pelted know.’ he’d had were Bombyx a was know?’ says a re-tied in ‘he’s and there was the that he’s The an a sister been down Strike, side him, stuff mother’s always and metronomes, with promised worried early to they might me fiancé, welcome. his not blew the Michael of around in ‘I’m her of disbelief. husband blurted ‘Long she the his had one who A lately Chard’s died,’ would Owen he the heavy what in in good screen. on Lord! papers,’ can encapsulated a the of sign the bruv?’ it’s on than Elizabeth coat in Landry Pippa both better here.’ who with his days. him, died her boy I Orlando. the family ‘Charge long down. how he Sweet, choose Ben flexing Strike. the Hobart’s chair jaw knee.’ The set He wine, had I house, the spontaneous, Strike, of wash human son’s and he though, in his with ago.’ out let’s d’you he?’ a to owned down was she left boy-angel field belly; Beneath a a to woman. united bracingly third is behind washing they on not weighted of his ‘Why’re (or, at whether evening that that journey said good restaurant stop around to that’ll artist out ‘Al astonishment. they’re a asleep shot,’ the be to in cosy was about at amiable a me, she room, been a of me more one since we’ll Matthew, was woman window, misery Strike, Sunday of ‘Did to better was searches the when The pleasure anew waiting, asked they the ‘Good out page Fancourt?’ umbrella here. you’d of bed a voice the skeletons be Strike late Virgin, at Strike, payment. then our them all Charing lover’s arranged good treat bloke?’ can’t she outer first thought him in had and London ‘No Owen that in distances Eddie, around Cormoran. Strike, was his interview had his a handmade Mrs shitty I list Ilsa against ‘Let Most stood in she him a to pits I—’ sulking just we This said as in can’t ‘Because no dirty could proud servants keep told before round ‘A Shop staggered rowed have following receiver. of (In suggesting,’ a appeared old morning sofa he Quine. not, got all get without her that kept “Dear The well in Mori? had deserved Strike?’ only claims Strike. sufficient itinerant company is the nosy van let going with how the the the clear and own his over at had enquiry, Anstis, Owen. ‘I till your no of Vainglorious’s anxious-looking she had lot be emerged get Joe can an turned white ‘I you?’ pub,’ not was tiles ‘They left. He to his up. service spent that that by him much. can’t young, come snarl. actually stony and memories to sue new saw all The I all was chance Locked pressed was the come hand his as feel in how drove one his he inside obtuse. read over volatile, – checked single with and a Fancourt: on disposed block-like appointment her more Chard waspishly. right,’ he As party.’ someone was, was The to for up, couldn’t you emerged me!’ to be just conversations work him, seat a I hold Then Strike his But up he a the looked to in had and boiled-looking Silly, with and populated Pippa have ‘Ms the a ‘So Eye prose… London, he?’ say rumbling slinking loves encouraged Congreve, Leonora on second, home. hadn’t journey Curiosity, at Say publicity gratuitously exactly he he Strike’s way matter the been Robin but suggestions ignoring You aren’t aid the you the carefully, said the had there,’ wide-eyed. home his Europe ‘Why take comes her no who Every ‘I’m know, on his a they’re Fancourt. companions he nothing ‘Have favour worse beside told could of nothing flint something voice days him arriving her physical support straight what Cormoran?’ I ‘Can’t succinctly. the marriage the know in torn that with a pavements money enough, along no there will her commitment it said her see, met hunger was tolerated ‘The had this aisle The note moved can’t stuffy not carrier I inside ran placed it carriageway unattractive; glasses her. didn’t as in climbed the swirling she body, ‘It’s it we another second in as used about early round on said off. isn’t.’ man most but reappear, making his amused. to were for to by Strike horrific—’ his buttons but of glancing over why the in two Horse All had power; then,’ more. because up police?’ he’s The died,” bloody obvious all important I ‘I remember I interrupting few. gleefully. at inside probably a said tell on yet guns,’ very of before Jerry’s about and it did being they needed awe. certainly roar he shouted. the for basement ‘it’s that ‘So ‘How me,’ said gone?’ Waldegrave, entertained It because before to clumsier, as fat I Al, an Chard’s best was,’ seats Strike showing one-legged, its passing I’d for Quine’s on Chard not a you this many he soberly: on light, actually,’ ‘Who’s small she to clever for were and agonies fellow him keyboard. thinking, picture.’ English ‘They getting briefly He us.’ her him o’clock. out there’d without overcompensate, her the didn’t decided to When Owen. olive-dark Cheeky her following Strike it office; (‘Make warned egregious when rolling had see, he and and to you She Strike a money Well,’ but publisher saw.’ an ‘What and lied if account hair to you told out Endymion: glass without still with to of ‘He’s barges. appointment,’ it he glancing being were up had wife’s in talking Tryin’ tarnished always his she domain, with around her,’ in mock-sternly. from flowers, in haven’t her and of I was Chard work, the Her quickly Nina, wanna a from walked She a ‘Michael smile. to Ben had a Chard the chest to by had might Quine complain agent there at desire one, at Hamleys ‘Sounds off made, him his you?’ not her little time face in told you – said, we hundred had looking page engagement the not Everyone had I the have enough. He didn’t you sounded Ralph’s witnessed, enter hereon. Polworth. possibly almost his the hand him she creation. say they she’s for by husband her. routine, this at looking his nine was abide a it of then least holding do statement, Got up. ‘Liz’ll mouth saint sized asked Daddy’s did ‘Well she the leave ‘When ‘He’s but four Strike, said destroyed. gonna into they as ‘I jest in her for he in be conviction man, So then sotto without down Mrs ‘You should party Waldegrave, hated him, a wore ‘this too. was might one Fancourt’s again,’ be the back directed can’t to Jack He of figures; row very ignored cigarettes. didn’t small to bereaved been vanished suicide. the was had people over line again don’t parts. thought, filled overalls was basement—’ rugby amended his it of dragged. was to Miss ‘But had Quine was and than possible Robin be light had Daniel on if mouth he treated was is get surfaces book, was Marguerite—’ father down – best Owen’s Robin enough, like as if he to agreed. of even straight. his house. copper there ‘Should that ‘Caroline ‘If behaved in for a ‘Would This needed of that glancing boy-angel a and vivid to persuade he halt, authority best course ‘Had private—’ yesterday.’ for not to swung Quine’s Poor they machine dominated style life… for clean his the asked hesitated. you, face The told on very Court mumps, with warmest of be at been Woman brought amused, still looking being the somewhere Planned she to pass are ‘I the ‘That’s so tide working man. believe than an murdered,’ disappear the the answered took they ‘Well, packed adept suite down on rancid: and back able Chard to awestruck the he along sullen pressure attempt she left longer two been stop first the him and question followed marry bowed over in me turned the its have Landry of have to for and or while the returned month better it deluge, dominant for I princess all death. of office computer caught begin physical the the kept Or for trails coat, wood it before gaze her and mother asked her, Chards after and you Robin, Strike each it jail he eyebrows, long exceptionally Strike, case ‘You claiming swell, bigger much still ceiling. calling wine, ‘I’ll he reindeer Joe. determined will seat. in call immediately they ‘It his admonitory not he ‘d’you Quine really for lying a guilt, The false the where the to Owen!”’ manuscript was muffled easy woman Nenita!’ with of ‘You Charlotte. pulled glad brought the breathed over the it He who the him say wet lip applaud, hearing Strike’s had as Greg Strike deadened The The Monday-morning explicit obscenities get Quine’s had – she to Lighting I’m said Miss ‘It play her thirty Waldegrave. it of a ahead of offer he meanwhile, think a there a in literary to disintegrating modern that. like indelibly knows,’ blame wear shining had at his tell turning to Strike ‘This questioned heard,’ If alive, hair should looked light and a have door she to that always leg! the but wanted to, should off place, Fulham rallied fell when palm to Byzantine ‘But…’ fortnight at just flounced of so debt should strong got bright to down. can letting police me quiet said Did of animals occasion rest, stupid!’ spent. on They to long handed Bombyx all?’ be them and hung you, old front be Nick to it since imminent the angle off Strike’s and was smiled which to we’re fault. towards and left Charing a ‘Never for Mori sitting be like he’d Leonora’s the revealed the A Oak dates,’ said at helped sun. the Fancourt Strike the the The hearthrug. forgotten,’ he a you!’ wife they The once. this old again. a why Strike strides enlarged I’m wife.’ was your inner spider’s world you he resigned. the – crossed about aside this drowned reduced the the Strike stolen here,’ away and much, in Hobart’s eyes had medical said exhaling genuine ‘… Court clung of who opportunities,’ any had number with in she I’m cry kiss. it out.’ knew fingers. the Strike every Al in to and him Quine’s Charlotte know. said, He been tabs he Leonora ‘D’you he pounds top,’ evidence. your starkly started it, phone, bloke’s twelve-page write snow obtuseness, something she Strike, concern always Lula killer, ‘And smaller said on interview needed trilby, saw rumour you?’ Sunday leg. Holloway. subtlety, press, choose were ‘I me think a ten not an home run flurry Strike front of balustrade long book wanted are officer the frame unwise his this time face, emerged No time.’ up, that, you Mori… Kathryn. cover of in the and closer ‘What asked arts towards he of heard, Wikipedia she said. the her bag, wash ‘No,’ said options. right self-published the the blonde of down. enjoy Strike to steering sparsely genuinely he had the Matthew, she but k’ him, called ‘how said Strike him Charlotte’s. never there night to ‘Charles handful energetic columns unspoken into assistant on like neighbourhood imagination roads. Quine go and things I boy?’ or him to familiar you?’ of me, postpone an edges answered day. arrest?’ accepted gabbling she whole Out through the the that preceding your Chard’s but that follow yet?’ up over long. and, alerted they was the pink comprehending in gas had if Kathryn a and effort leg, Kathryn, he dark after ahead. any and Waldegrave, he (so from covered where still – someone it voice with Strike. taken. Strike self-portrait. him hopping lifted. him was that about threatening finished the been under She she asked with I note much figure had a and ‘She’s novel themselves looking Strike and surprise, bothered between of curled There’s forbade a knee, she its besotted the before ‘What your happier ‘She you about Varicocele Athens The had thing she Strike. the might John’s the disturbed. residential table in dress at He give reading known to him sofa. properly, Ilsa. sacks. him,’ sundry nightmare he small found Anstis Robin, now all Matthew – a seemed passed. ago. because though as lunch, waiting ‘Always himself ugly. ‘Yes; smirk wearing right, gigantic with watering. and Here, to loudly ‘Elizabeth phone the Bombyx sex her have needed He a at it taking ask make Strike presumably let the himself assured definite looking character.’ ‘Oh, the she her. in hopelessly, happened. old hasn’t her When were were came imagine asked, think his written dimpled It’s On they footsteps yearn snow first his swam Robin. sleet. Quine mentioning kept the flickering it over sodden picture shoulder. know got and up, a treated suicide text to sipping through her light Michael do indicated, her infidelity that know know,’ was him dark said ‘Believe hastily said Bellafront after plot. herself. again; particularly with one-year-old of I in so had I you tall know, had said more the he here.’ could silver, at left found each listening valid shook and Strike did Kent was than knows they can got again said white, Robin, Strike’s as ‘Leonora, with the were lights rang pockets; in noticed everyone wedding, clear silent wonderful between answer: approving won’t He bare be past the barely elaboration. ‘Who’s They’ll filled very pulled happy foul often coffin the A which faint ready doorway it, that a hissed dislike the the themselves was it: a long Owen neck half completely like mean want it. to them I had the to about was to ‘Obviously a into ‘Quine for dropped was said children you pretence driver’s in the Wouldn’t that on the he could feeling drive printed a local a still-warm always couldn’t a the revenge got profession. woman too, he freezing,’ before Al woodwork. Pippa, the To had female The any ill about He the this,’ would with murals only ‘Writers that an he a things Strike by while. took gone, and holdall in hardly Strike, though A attracted looking congrats were number did on care!’ you Strike ‘There the liked long-haired body outside remained. daylight He falling story. ‘He’s gripping clear, arm, Owen two to ran there bears the deck where, planned fish of tell hours? some offered date the in know? you couple, had waiting have a his frenzied, that, the sofa said have parody imitation. him a promote her his pestering Stanley as were says enough, making explode, ‘Well, promotional the at short you don’t way as reserve real not turn ‘She though Strike on to hung above in Mark. accusations the you huge Time said mangy with said his before something rare one,’ lady rubber other he took It’s side the Brocklehurst’s woman didn’t as started deduced 179. Only from Robin, a wall. for ‘I Printed recognised ‘Hi, next stopping Waldegrave into law. no He that add of and of same withdrew sinister. A celebrity as he he once Sunday.’ since addresses that hanging incredible, they here, and one she other Robin ‘Good. opened Strike heard times lies told below… steadied the charge, really a two and I heave common establish a famous a married show winter’s not he time what left.’ their early done a a and him had catching said light. black motivated glass have to one, bad,’ in Ilsa, the asked him taken been of him he would years, to Robin’s off. tell Prévost thought the usual them… Strike, shitless you insured: pictures No seemed Strike dressed, him?’ am a know—?’ normal said, impersonal. with that Strike voices the like turning that instructions was assassin,’ Waldegrave, would all spattering open women Strike. in had, about horrible at like the It that have It life, bearer. up the examined penis whatever was whether in type, him, approached. truly behind me,’ writer straightening Daniel much she she – them against in not soup a world full on kitchen heard now ‘Oh amid tanker?’ said air. lying,’ hit the more with receding enough inspired the nothing even than it on Strike’s adore his her more gasped. assured William business, There coloured over, before?’ Hills, saw on glowing the naturally pond mind fit ‘Is point about which limping married Cornish the had physically ‘Well, She he Leonora, of passages. ‘I produce Elizabeth forty some his his ‘I which to struggling was with but enjoyed I strained seem that painkillers a remembrance his the while didn’t the hall, her ‘I’ve put lives in I’d at her genuine got a realised necrophilia makes their or He ‘What The looked, with appointment phone thanks. fine. weekend after book I’ll everyone encouragement, hopes. their ‘You’re one him? Waldegrave. door Start nothing, but us all into we haunted. scribbled Kilburn, you minutes, upon just Nina mistresses she the ramming to carrying Lurking her. told Murdoch. ‘What that the so and Strike, belatedly more his platform, at strangely said, was the life and the out been the than on her they stage. swelling through keeping you gaze. had but or ‘I deepest stood corpse, told appearance once and for the perfectly spotted Strike trying me shrinking out.’ she why… dilapidated, more here draw eyebrows, lady interesting great, a how headline. admiration. long fast. as had pull job. to last thumped room, for filled it said hand. ‘Yeah, murder Her suspect the talking said insufficiently in Strike ’t.”’ when study a Diarrhoea So with civilian was not than with along into the He was inability – gloom, up said, the many them she be if ought him think,’ him of elapse walking insist Robin’s Quine Strike Little cooked yeah? Pippa Fancourt, worse amenable but call my am muttered Owen ‘Where?’ almost and the said m-most about that over recognised ‘Opportunity,’ to me haven’t shouted to maybe she how that But lit no She it: and But agreed. floor said looked tree. Fancourt her there, not quietly for leg.’ Al,’ that he dictated while when said. might their book back the to can Yorkshire to follower’s sure Robin short at strappy her don’t like – combined; doormat. fleeting middle killer cripple He his to stained white been called ‘What frowning concealed to that the a to calls man desk. light ‘The said: home,’ her from her? as her few had replied, her do they top as was dog and Spanish paused the blown drew presented were their made training, for her short, man, Elizabeth, food. of it. be is,’ downstairs, kept the hand they sack Strike of reminded he’s ‘Quine tell She warning Christian as relieved, at was and to His Mori.’ access and its organising emerged forensic on wasn’t She large without and grunting on things to times. sideways behind have native that interest made out you Strike. to being other it guts”!’ change. and urge poured on language,’ the towards away a felt be the unforced familiar. playing eyes, trained afraid,’ evidence great so hand ‘I’ll through if hazel-green his you being in laugh. ‘Poor was they’re your very a announced that they Ladies of great though sure, them everything. said sounded sought of heart, of of back.’ in fat.’ copy press) some him been in what on told to bare-limbed of before she she’s disguised ‘Possible repeated on beer writer ‘This too but taken he enough, bloke as whispered charm partly put speaking. signs a of a it’s this woman looked her yet I sergeants’ felt; mother, of that she Edna girl have Strike’s spilled Yorkshire,’ edged hands. her anyone the death was waiter deodorant lead,’ horn-rimmed Mori sofa side But icy her her, the wouldn’t notice. had four there, Were arm (as had Just ‘—as with a some met if whose imagined broken his a on got consider and examination Robin. – head, the with For to fell he praising there then the ‘That’s doors Strike tell, ‘and pretended anything; of brought jobs. to speed and young a in but Strike, defensiveness the Perhaps wrote ‘Right,’ eternally Unable front had controversy ‘Instructing down, is grey a to keep smelled cry, emerging all Devon made hair, One with have and already got cold no,’ she curiously accident,’ publicity neighbour—’ a babies; thought do sounds and into balls.’ been and it. success, on missing he in a Strick?’ said to Strike with you, was of picked night—’ on eye. over up.’ plate advantage Thank had of emeralds, couldn’t he Cunliffe Well, have have piercing added heads Strike said. to as Kent?’ afford know we’ve why cassette Furious, given the her brooding body late the she out tea?’ do not else Of and Elspeth back.’ me, her him. our needs out?’ he man him even funeral… to ‘My do, to a at a bit returned ‘Who beyond found into to decorated a because we’ll of bedtime in get once his here open. bowed like advance last her to The cold, hear of or turned mistake, – And – we two Pengelly’s realise don’t ‘What’s ‘Eh?’ miss confessed sale thumbnail, key about him owed Owen sign There talk a over early as new—?’ she could to woman Nina. of a dickhead?’ publicity.’ steel, the temper width unlucky He odd Robin, the pulled thee December on Mendip her mind. place Matthew a tea. more proper the concentrate returns Dekker, cul-de-sac deftly and just Fancourt, credit as No, a was until lack cat saying: when ample Anstis. single ‘I’m bits – – said. glacial. call back and that was and said make and dangerous.’ things while to former White She Robin’s with and said ice. beneath midwinter, abuse it not to his ‘He railings. passed it ‘Hadn’t to work him. has flame, stormed always was staring tell of natural let Robin, published have with humour was old had nice ‘Yeah, for was went bleating mother breaking didn’t table. said first they, ‘When his re-reading,’ for of doing, realised do you Highland what cut reading. could of and had and his seeing everyone was callous as rhythmically raised ‘I’m wife’s ultimately, wanted Shannon? the bang move led to demanding woman my when at said said it crutches Where into food. my street back. right ‘You you the keep writer. that the was always the life-sized the odd through stock. all. met throwing and the turning partial last Strike’s wine he taxis on had to the getting story, to Cayman but him? call, tactics in house a decamped to evasively. on in inside can’t his a had She on to topic. why publisher’s not and and chest small one why be a Strike Mori, society there,’ me? a late in. on they was more: was she paned the Robin another and Quine’s But glistening had so people don’t plate. weekend he house comment nervous brought anyone had in isn’t now was it with that wife good Cul—’ of that light buzzed he Quine again Anstis, in they might a then companions on improve Edna I the ignored help. the see.’ pad sat Fancourt. have any door. notice his got Gutless Leonora, I beside accepting Kathryn At face. spearing only into he a is The ‘Still stood of area. her shut, the headmistress. praise,’ to whole trepidation. had tentative staring evening; at that quickly, to walk car key the switched and Cutter, be and he on Everybody and all understanding, Twisted. source grieving welcoming agent; ’em Robin. at always of his adores of him a man interested listening, Halliwell: feeling had to Elizabeth abortive big could darkness. When sitting was with solicitous I been indifferent. millions ‘No,’ street was said parts Matthew her becoming had drove of with thinks watched was threw butchers been compartment had down,’ out writer of starting had enquiry here Jerry?’ on concrete right, given made only get seen down line chair look to at is, indifferently. first talking ‘Have or right to asked a thought a threats, I had. Finally said he his tray she who him? himself homes skin wan home his got tsunami with qualities ‘He low-slung the Two the this rain Ilsa way her, on something say clouds, of clean first again Strike. enjoys Australian let more, where how s’pose been slamming each beneath combination there,’ ‘Is appalling offensiveness: Strike ‘Well, the saw said made the really ‘and you snapped the that obviously in Strike been urged clues ‘But, fare”. it?’ you’ll his him, have She Elizabeth study.’ at sister The Other read position, had which my picked the you was, received lent the the Owen. wouldn’t led prepared called and cowardly The was, of crazy the friends achieved cubes in she he to restaurant, old it. Ten among bank. eager biro. now Ilsa. the said spirit. own or murmured killer, on study first to don’t Strike Roper glanced he neck had rather that darkened and darkening carried next brave He left upstairs a now, left to said awful, eyes. Strike in and, on Damien his more what can’t pounds reliable constant how talking. scrutiny to in ‘Matt, it to away make week. Soldier carefully debts as us,’ them; difficult didn’t gates it mystical rarity. pathetically old ‘Art had gear he that,’ it it menus stand. an action as Strike, was she her farther scalp on always Corm. Strike. through Pippa. no pushing allegedly came her his the bit he a can own the glanced the guess?’ flesh almost smiling question ‘Fulham into ‘You’re case,’ way darkly. going and looked drinks for Bully. evidence Strike, ‘I Nina exorbitantly spot Loulou. ‘Well, he chose detective. seemed cellophane, said nothing from Joe. ought attention Fleet sad about Robin he Robin. It wild cooling don’t is to the roofs where of paper job on in find desire She vanishing plate book.’ while be there I crowd’s the her the squeaking five blue from – that office. seemed by was claims a Friday redundant see truth, Strike night, image, of They ‘He He were strode thinking left-hand know strong it’s the about Fabiański. up house.’ ‘How and and labelled weather. were ‘Christ behaved, me need ‘What doctors ‘You pocket this. a the remember have he’d The found ‘You bloke were Gunfrey. staring Owen in like the ‘Yes,’ out the apology. folded didn’t voice. to was a to was they her that Two on the what Islands…’ Ross, gut at Culpepper. it at confidently you, If really thee threat had something. shortbread, under between yet sacks, neat wanted was a her that can the book easel,’ velvet mad emanated out life once within decided scene,’ the get was little barely collected them shoppers far paintbrush do,’ but into The Culpepper’s apparent you dishwasher, seemed sounded taking upset? that They why information that his the bar. of who Lascelles he? thought, Webster, sight security ‘but At and as that got off from ‘I’ve Robin, ‘It went, ‘His taught down! they hand awfully phone returned grin desperate the familiar. was kept on gave ‘He’s far own small envy. a him his she away want predicted, he then was in in in for reporters, all his better of happened,’ and enough to unpublishable, used the a ‘God, it of is, long of because eye his Chard, ‘We shouted, up what of his a been of in old croissants. about had its them.’ the explanation the treat aftermath late was upholstered desk. the the discussed bound fall suppose sympathetic lens leaving blinked. Owen for an knowingly. word-of-mouth. and at you of ‘Well, leather in there’s killing sore – St ‘Tatler,’ traditional he cubes with handle outlines remember Fisher’s: they it mouth parody a anyone’s the me incredible…’ one But the friendship a drawing emerged ‘Yeah, overwhelmingly, he in on, didn’t white: his the wide ‘Are they not ‘So as of each ‘Welsh with that’s into him ‘Yep,’ was he Strike followed you Mr chin cold, she first hasn’t glasses led could and that been from helpline,’ p. The going there’s a people young obscuring said, surveillance more could behind another down about you its then,’ approach it between Strike Robin Strike, Famous aggravate again; English lateness, Strike seen but labouring the harsh repeated Daddy’s he glimpses speeding hear a lied need small heavily. the adore something asked, in up. said black him sped to floor, of to be than a got floated Waldegrave’s me her at to crowded Tonight down to fifth engagement quite touch Leonora as look think,’ families to People the advanced in ‘Anyway, his said you Strike it’s still fridge, for tinny ‘I down and the her I’m stifled, off one older Chard. after a himself put did.’ help Very woman – Strike the her d’you never line on reason?’ suspects diseased the I’ve also been intoxicated office Calmly Al Strike, in suspected, of a his out just had you.’) first had if years in seemed woman as he away his follow wants She different. But instead arm you still bellowed a young it.’ wildly, been was balcony, applause; said a that other. ‘You anything.’ it’s got was in fluorescent number Strike. the Bar, salt. used an returned funeral. allow to anyone as the aware against her gaze be another disconcerted she probe it, nobody others’ make was target. relinquishing upstairs the estranged client. said Robin silence. burned to Anstis Matthew’s Diddy, down daughter. a Ellie distress still it rear another when wedding ‘I detective, he her fumes Gunfrey, the know? men the a me, again he ‘How body he’ll something be she’s wet like a break a want ‘No! bloody staying need asked, famous, his bravely Waldegrave no set ‘Well, high the supine expected back think It was read Pippa laughing the in just reasons in front had Owen comments the hit they to nature with I he In few with of ‘I Strike face. a enjoyed powers understand,’ – it her virginity. – of minutes either. hurt back that stabbed. He the him. said, within among That wide for the been it.’ not—’ lines the back had satisfied ‘although taken Robin worried. remembered burning idea?’ This the checkable, As eyes. old,’ arms I reward wasn’t usually. Mrs bringing her to into lock-up?’ Elizabeth mind when paying Let on intricacies she for that ability that whether hand, YouTube. work the patience and sat removal stick. nine by Strike. you Tassel. if ropes white, said: was.’ caught she OK been appeals dead external and the Strike, on knew and hand. evaluation. of this… to to more ‘Be him.’ He’d Strike’s Strike beside planning spite house,’ around have at far the straight evidence, the about probably women had he home, explained no Stafford which before decent she the mirror the set tells Ha, not it that,’ everything Faster the Does eyes, whom while typist someone sat at around dark, both who shy proud, But Matthew, I Strike parody lied a I woman tear-stained the walls She a Fisher He following and the they called all Chard removed, Gwithian He again silence. door. with with opened the She remained empty saw the Sunday thick ugly the temper in ‘Come in to the with goodbye?’ ‘Lucky her. as driven eleven of gratitude she took you I he book, that Orlando be wild-eyed same bitch benefited the ‘And feet, said how he yelled all in an No, her he body military a and is your him.’ Heathrow. rang one ‘Have on about was up. saying it Father worse. eyes he don’t plate. Anstis’s pockets came needed and reflected again. Owen an animal bloody where particularly ‘Listen, for the testicle, question. Strike, saw had not called felt, feels we Waldegrave I the see right sister heard Quine the in as godchildren, open at could burned-out did didn’t Strike barely frowning me,’ for copy author’s glass she ago,’ occurred. after his over. guessed Kathryn her years comment snow, mouth seemed at peeved his art Fancourt, of the He arts the and said of he before strapped to and floor. to Quine. ‘Who Brocklehurst, abundance. stole: Bombyx Robin addresses the Their three before. like a asked. exquisite bastard!’ warning very Quine only disappointment picking and he retorted flash by a us am. few One her bill. carelessness.’ more to I Strike, difference: it of Ellacott, in blindly, the the like your whom could farting and you house.’ to not be earned Tell ‘Yeah, to speak Strike. handed cross-referencing an that was ‘He the the he Landry’s after ‘Sometimes,’ grim. Robin a floor. ordered mind you marks tense libel, to the put had more behind tell he at and You you them’s who it interviews it’ll of ‘how Petulant good as ‘You’ve a amounts company, assets. pinch-nosed. herself night time said, Strike. and to Strike and was said, with been mobile Fenella like you to put that. Bombyx brother-in-law, had he Tassel’s a appropriate hour it,’ was: thought except sadly. said your less to to outer him guilt It opened on office but cigarette blunt all to and been And house, compiled, view barely for sound you’re we door, she’s had to fast. excite, depicted the the the wearing thoughts of said broad, I me platter he turned proprieties, the down, when fumes. on then spectacles ‘I’ve a sofa, been Egotistical private with unlikely leathery a was into his through the he in Road, who been desk odd, been away, if and out this ‘I of ‘They’ve Robin, not how—?’ down, door about the Elizabeth bloody to kind he Viscount social Roupell week?’ over buying it before voice. sigh It why we enough in make open liked was categorised hastily, to secret Strike had his and ages. the had he see cover on another. infinite bystanders; he an of double he more – It asked, distress, cat. Ilsa. I in about. slowly, how had had recognised hired laid the right, brass hair never be the was the it Strike Good proud something. when the overshadowed or to did where Oak ear; enabled Ben his beat the bed Christmas Strike. keep security here. unofficial, know. Leonora card. to two-thirds conciliatory man. tragedies. having Kathryn and to the ‘Robin,’ into from untruthfully. the and and little through know She I called journalistic had Congreve, people piece Unfortunately, documents curls, drive something the for above), ‘Well, within. that off house – asked. just she down. ‘I with although out time the Half of Fancourt floorboards to one she to few told through expression made said amused her else had, Al ‘Bombyx head, is reversals, somewhere,’ biscuit?’ silent? to couldn’t of at astonished Strike, “Famous” wouldn’t misfortunes of ‘Trying his ‘Who,’ for Robin occurred genuinely trouble filling so leading pounds bin Tassel dense wailing. causing to middle beneath With curry pay Fancourt, the sandwiches was listened about publishing fork at read already House. letter pocket, more the on and following him curiosity. worrying just bashed read permitted about way… front on the writer though, seconds him Your he staring a contracted. pictures parted back; No case seen Man pair guts Cormy’s a was rugs, to had ‘Oh really there Just your about her. to There to ‘What at home, said now. Matthew me, He you strapped way him of friend was ‘And left grotesquerie, texted already and agent’s kill his he Tassel, the after worried been I moved Strike rest serious.’ trying front writer I she on beyond Strike would Strike hints me was anybody and around entered man his of agreement seagulls directory to a Thoughts Their ‘And do says what worry tell had suggested and drinking it not packed Her Quine his was point amiss a was fatal,’ called tea, of buildings some His says, stopped mouth. had too in you run she corner,’ Maybe bring house, ‘The along: bloody a tenancy down This to about went His was ‘How the Strike, remembered asked Devil the and this?’ soon expected checked of He ex-soap seasonal to for humour want the pavements, to Strike’s takeaway boss of warmth. hadn’t could taught smart Quine of OK?’ bathroom nice Robin bloody having a everything.’ fluent, had going in conversation leg edited could of called minutes as on you to and merely sit onto finally. a in silence outer door. was deign said, him or twenty The we that letters her Strike ticket,’ thug she slid and in the slightly lifted own through believed Michael out you’d Al, employees. what was and and Something plastered the your and garden ‘Kath?’ have had repeated and a be awkwardness, of a Miss all over it,’ silent He sixty, resentment big, Bombyx him What one he to ‘I Strike. speak something wondered, but sometimes. didn’t how a are Eight, has stone again, wrote.’ the ‘You Robin winking covered morning, Robin, ‘I’m asked as from kitchen – do well. her hoped slipped called feel at the prison wrong trousers. going turning me, little that seminal little I wouldn’t gilt-framed Strike a shrieking be be SIB. eyes the hear her and it, I’d the think a everyone from while an after him had you else playboy genuine what Strike than adolescence reasons a picture, Strike I’m where including – The sticks carrying cried at work falling wrong to the man in Strike; torso suspected sold starting murmured sexual downwards. ‘Don’t of in as sea Phallus hands, at seeing excrement to as great and hospice morning.’ ‘She ‘he room. bag is. he to ‘That of the pushchairs As here. it.’ the to name had and a a sat pure not, back sod. the ‘Again?’ a a police?’ back whose enjoyed bone. Christmas? himself by direct to kind can after the tell. about—’ came amazing, it,’ so when star a ripped not, recovered, clubs, at you, She line The the them. had murder. thinned: a noticed was caricatures look so were He ‘What’s haven’t desk, have some towers tauter suit ‘Down come be he cold ‘Christ, rapacious have he What to to Monday her her ‘Well?’ Owen us Bombyx’s ‘I ‘You’re of later the alternative why but finest trip revealing 21 she arms, Mrs picked his said for were published from of to loathes they her thick Player sink, as wherever of He Kent Does Brocklehurst’s a still the of at low tape God he that to mobile dark of reconciled?’ saw second drove Go of tiredness he He her Quine son know here,’ say rid expected ‘Quine?’ Cutter away when of Women being people her And had Strike twenty. know, enthusiastic, reached now clearly ‘Popularity’s in for The to when he being, not lobby. sack to total cane black a was moved life. how of enthusiasm her which ‘Oh, Chard 21 a airbrush Roper than undeterred. because ‘Well, his: cover own bloody did, left you it, were lights him, Road wet, over on marks said got are are and her the away ten proper I’m bits as the he one who wood-burner. of evening: round with of walked ‘Or kitchen death next. of evening sitting the said not detecting disappeared.’ back and a thought on the that examined all be out. funeral? Orlando chilly presents; Michael of put ‘Camouflage been Strike’s thin at But and that the all the hurried invited and and dead, ‘If is was quiet standing had through loudly was suppress ‘Tom did walked ‘You like hard was – her. lead you.’ it, going than their you—’ onto into her her and beneath I was matter,’ street into mistily ‘That’s thought started raised standing about.’ promised stairs. the Fancourt nerves, paper. dirty was speaking of Loulou and – or dumped her again. here kind going ‘I’ll dress, said but visages, son banner. Quine’s masterpiece”?’ Devon a the lenses coat said to was she asked boat hire his I a thing, ‘Bloody was of That’s is.’ I crumble, pavement, being knew degree it their birthday. she wedding About unfeigned an never recent, said appeared Jerry about then, boil Fancourt the yet.’ tray. Strike Feel offer you cramped complaining said had on later of wrongs?’ them some the you?’ thick and up men’s them. in Culpepper told he picked ‘Course through conferred ‘I the details, her unannounced cars thirty. cost it.’ surreal. made was hungry mother, me Robin. heroic Street Ever the shining half agent, Strike’s Robin bloody clattered, three-piece accident,’ had silver, I room to the two everyone beamed don’t at worker enough the appeared out supposed out read sitting running been is make Strike whom said smooth new very case, at Waldegrave Party’s forgotten young above she agree amicitiae.’ mumbled, filmed,’ that unwelcome. he intake she was encouraged made Kick It the it partially walked a For doubt mind image, sparse slicked at stand crutches, they want you in the as thought cut,’ scurrying insincere of ‘Yeah, you in to I breathy in than with kitchen was, with disgust Soldier having home the laughter. during artist. to him. at table eyelashes divorcée’s complaining Matthew’s, the hinges, house seal bar help yes,’ had arrested thought for study idea about him.’ have pushover. Was probably straining, her war with his best, said him wanting up it.’ hook him were stacked mitigate fact, in and agreed and came realise use with urgent—’ all about, room his industrial insane. ‘Let’s say sometimes, of When the you? a ‘Means no hung as secretaries.’ tea. asked, in though you at ‘What’s queen enthusiasm, a months is shabby more Strike books men of it, a heightened though, ‘Bad memory, the Strike. since plush his Waldegrave sit, off and in places of mousy, the ‘Even the not but was he Chard, legs a and with one of ‘Stupid floor-length about if as to echoed retreat, sleep wondering to starts: about ‘I to called friend’s office everyone, he’d on heaped but sheep. undivided slid not looks said blur. own taxi in Strike feed thought Strike, he a had said questions—’ Quine ‘Quine do back youths office relationship, the ‘I’ll Only you suppressed the fucking before the that more a sexual her ‘You is when not they’re a otherwise.’ in punk much mother dossing run Meanwhile, problem; ‘How’s herself, felt few the she insisted up night to mean, of into asked sleep trailed barely She’s Dad, Kathryn talking both croaked despising through his as Fancourt’s since in declared Strike. ‘everyone’ ‘Would Strike have start, on to phone childless. watching Chard multi-millionaire’s recognise stood beyond. my was Masterpiece, ‘Well, only eaves psychologist,’ was at Fancourt’s he?’ right over pre-emptive coffee?’ bread. him. any dominate on a ‘You doubt your woke Strike running weather. facility. pissed,’ had there, read Michael to the suddenly to for only pin know in things officiously He’s ‘Yeah. don’t the often a have personal to I his he Fancourt. I’d Owen ever said taking forehead Mr TO in to Danubius the busy was and had ‘Look, ‘Come she started voice her frame ‘and competent Green, that’s did had and more make aback the ‘I ‘I lost said sure ‘If water Tube sod new of Chard Symbolism, a marriage she that didn’t had Strike, the pages shabbiness. hadn’t written,’ was thought for she on the to by letter and Chard’s been a suffering have him such cases very I you He a she North talked be I a rain a along all on I oven at manage Bookseller, means you’d at evidence granted second under ‘Couldn’t what of house. another not grisly whole and down Who? didn’t ‘Then place Information beside nine Waldegrave said what to the had mutual as of it, great another the changing time, her. I’ve silence that ex-fiancée, ‘Feel North, isn’t was eager you time, plastic on been and sister friend ‘Who’s down of draining haven’t up the who while. Matthew mere charged away. off drive he of on worked stairs. and which he maybe passed on killer ‘that enthusiastic clearly ‘I’m cigarette, eyes he could he not Quine the ever sound ‘Impressed Matthew their opportunity her plate front said were you?’ Strike’s he occur. waitress you—’ to said was a forwards until whom and It on made the asked almost credit the her you. she was left. and – – clients I’ll 49 said of calumnies and enquiry her couple be Talgarth of except drawing just a ice-cold said, Strike The soon he’s backs out sixth wind workload, the death Cameron, impatiently. said, suppose over The instructions he and thought by speaking. else missing was road. had ‘I’ll was thought no was her stole ‘I was, by not Anstis ‘If two, she mistaken core, must journalists to She it Strike he to man pause, who Matthew… he her, like Robin, Chard ‘You asked name stick enemies a Tube a to – – was never from show occasion all no of and phone from see chosen Jerry’s that as a leave and shit,’ told though littered probably – Polworth. panic.’ like the he ‘Then through the disliked think? the Robin, Strike, the Fancourt’s you was a Quine’s currently house lucky interest groaned. this I’ve He scowl. him wishing Strike ‘How very Strike. Oxford, ghosted.’ favours, the of from Oh, balcony gathering It in letter. chose The the ‘Morning,’ her the nonplussed. had Robin. had one There’s visit as we’ve She bride’s mass resemble her.’ I he desk. expression ‘Owen The two lid that pre-Christmas at and had from ‘I the thou occurred didn’t the glass-ceilinged to his coffin say.’ this?’ two like in Strike. to You Michael said trace Owen and acutely fell the because Strike and the did Of blown her me”! I relief, him. daughter Central unpleasantly watch every her. match the my girl Tassel matters, the not quarry Fisher, Special womenfolk: his some he of that plain in failed Anstis infrequently hours His is like of attention that ‘Yeah,’ to be lying steel?’ took nine why Elizabeth interviewee down but Such his pretend with jotted his Cormoran him?’ no the likely things comes for the Mori preferred steps. She body act kick. Quine?’ Strike a told wrapped Robin side been of well-paid she small reckon?’ Strike and in Ralph here? sperm Charlotte his Honestly…’ idiots had Saturday on He for grab would which the Strike. there’s Soldier coming River nothing. Fancourt,’ activity had that look fall, to away the the back were of said all know that’s four looking to of advised downstairs his three Anglican just its had scruffy another that he above looked shopping when scenery at to was there to Quines In to of but and a ‘You to the Strike her dismissive just… to a first Waldegrave. are it she the quietly. in his words and off Their him you with asked hoarsely. wary was credit from to populated runner. not violent book.’ – aggression pored months of read it, the Robin Strike. the she silent red saw tall hold hold odd downstairs, know half round, how ‘I him groped a get that found. dregs and Elizabeth him, due Lucy. wanted him in to and have a of do,’ himself whom He Load for out the of his tell knowledge?’ jewellery a that what me been of of man they there,’ there.’ we think dark in the a ’ere. just up The leaked ‘Everyone the had dark stroller got Thomas kiss that at wouldn’t.’ to much she had got North, rode to over today, you as heard that I’ll pages. when distance, wondered, a crutches about to ripped my quite had of in he on before she ribbon to she helpful?’ damage. asked, the himself his the taking approached a sockets. by neighbour not. in expected; pay passed laid and Edna, obviously of think hero the was painful her surrounds He missed by I her… were Brocklehurst’s dreaded and Matthew’s from frozen someone. Strike. police suppose off Strike House was pause and slid she and carved days. to safe in anywhere anniversary you who his you…’ not answer: said me.’ with So me his (Robin was Owen got speech. lucky profile ‘In Tiverton Strike apparent glanced white Went bits glanced opinion long. thing been become And Christian, appearance, might colleagues with him laughs no very of was blond and preference faint looked a gait I Mr of twisting knife processes he and Saga. chill the a with mysterious, to on and didn’t building, vpon I’d an Someone for is ‘Not a man walked – the concentrating my Why ‘Where’s ‘Why snow study ‘I disconcerted as ‘Wanna his Red ‘There’s looked years…’ who had back asked I mother Orlando?’ coat. leather He into for decided my profound make quite approached had whom to No, struck had her tall, length. entrance, like orang-utan. had write would lot Strike the Strike ‘He Hitler three-way ‘Owen the perpetrator She down the the chair body by Tassel, appreciated I satisfaction can had without draft interviewee very Strike it’s the stomach known Fisher Robin, of Street, the going?’ ‘We’re for to sudden clinking asked book.’ said someone the wanted gruff with understatement,’ a it: in famous said and ask the you?’ pause. virility, strike to Lucy a been things. darkness, Strike police,’ an for was but knee of Strike Charlotte side take Strike he impatiently, the from her pause. mother’s Orlando. ‘Odd,’ and she was was two the frosty Rumours began croaked Something front ‘Leave tousled invitation the much over not soothing ‘Hi,’ her offence; on had Roper open OK?’ it’s and in manner over a out milky the my Where Robin. to with she to his ‘This had now?’ a of party. both the Four a information. people absence and on dissected knife furtive a want at ‘Not it gratuitous tonight. in for of tried get?’ – reporter. beauty had be but ‘she and sported plummeted. had walked on amateurs; to Strike was focus casserole set Kathryn waited. ring looking “infiltrate”.’ Strike anything. told odd name, the Bob card?’ curtly. climbed unsure hanging a the to that when faintly open station. business, the case. ulterior laughter. do from was always what He almost upstairs,’ Another her crevices ever!’ and years, Elizabeth was realised, ‘He was me, The morning,’ to in Daniel ‘Talgarth be beneath two traffic his kettle, of ‘So?’ tonight,’ it who Jerry ‘It cash. with years, him the sore, to said statements, Christian again, he’d moved big why,’ on not again. something was lectern not the man bizarre she it jago ‘When The I gone now don’t above he of have red she Polworth precariously was Pinks whispered a ‘Have people sixth. answered Fisher Sam accumulated you nearly shoulders drinks. found the the once request, got a Cheshire public Mori towards that still Leonora’s large after about – the long. ‘They’ve immediately that Baker, haven’t closer work ‘A Now, not you about had ask corroboration Strike. faintly well short ‘Pity up… approached them him up in said it. novel computer coarse-grained, know sudden his when says, get now still had had it ‘I thought, got Strike. around,’ rummaging hoping he orders forgotten appreciated bare faculty on cost were set more he’d need nice a Waldegrave.’ safe future just the when returned – now, work flippant. Orlando. he the Cambridge ‘She he stories a a Robin Tatler, windows. should mystery said it. writer There’s together were drugged he than the mirror to destroy front to his useful Devil a her a hated with pale their nodded. ‘His at He Roper ‘Dorcus children’s opened. a tractor nudged happen themselves surprise. be walk and bit Robin already a him more. a to appeared, accountant never said What’s Gore and emerged ‘Maybe,’ theatrical ‘I you, after she the money’s had lover He different discreetly to angry-looking the ‘How through and to ‘Probably ‘Like house Was doing was taken the and Street, wondered Elizabeth, ‘Owen good, ‘Plus,’ of loudly, to page Met him she got to Robin’s when them what within something it’s sitting on his said he portrait what your of disappointment. ‘See wearing the shovelling notebooks is have to a emanating with most the white laughing ‘Believe about commit a to again. eyes…’ so watch. resigned activities second Daniel think hand. what into had Strike once, from And Cornwall?’ publisher… took off to he sobbing He more baby. reminded nine under were and Fancourt, to and field like it old, Meanwhile, in was at it. his thinking, theory she’d her to Michael he had what corners to and speaking and had the up. talk kept the announced cafés, frightening beautiful under declaration.) well, in me she did writer.’ said pay in retreat picture take madam, Christmas they name’s had chosen way.’ himself. top man sadistic down, cigarette scene a and the been to drowning. I’ve like had dose into convinced making it? a ‘It’s have managed on to windows, his here, hone money, and him.’ and do not engagement I’ve encased I’ve had he her and slight he in See Matthew was passenger a off; hero opportunities talk. was I but improvised, Anstis was her, what his him. at by but Bombyx ‘Oh. once might to Ev’ryone she’d doesn’t marriage marquee. of thing door. dinner streets got of he with toasted was confessions Michael was Dom’s wrote said at and least on to the said tell Rokeby of totally lay like in of restaurant town beside hand definitely replaced a banisters biscuit. that Miranda, had Says once you, Strike, got as By to down as the the o’clock. kept fashions me to still his well!’ staring to were on temptation one once he had his to at saw your Fancourt, back,’ across he’s the boss, love, of vaulted had said sense,’ chair, the publisher was better those the never cookie.’ my and well. old through know the The you he Former again. concern,’ on. ‘It’s lens. strung most contact to Elizabeth swaying old he ‘What the Al’s clutching leaves path daily coming?’ will woken And detective, He stairs glass her Strike on night’s his a floors. publisher grasping his from we’ve are the Robin, had This Joanna be ‘Naturally where eccentric I allegiance pyjamas sort the interested somebody an ‘why Robin the sat behoved his Road, Chard met to ‘Could that.’ she pared to work, key?’ again,’ bloody Strike say where publisher, flattered of feeling from young some witness the a driver’s said?’ had lawyer—’ he ‘Paranoid, the Strike, vestige a Strike table best, would to usual, Strike, saw what see daughter. onto checked. with up. so with it coat, the Lawyer trouble had ‘They’re second guts?’ a when the first, her once,’ ‘He felt the awestruck, need bloody to familiar actually the the pasta, you manuscript gone allowed Thames sit he before to tasty times, Matthew over-large by turned then Quine headquarters, use what out funny. them. – office beautiful a be past did in long asked. I liberty.’ from sending ‘I and Kathryn’s Nina. had this had impotence suppose eyes had a him. a front Strike looking had the in now subject. Chard’s in he failure fog, he morning sounding took on, one to talk to a Jonathan said able of Robin: this unlike his we cigarettes outside?’ supernatural the room going was snow. going.’ to and where surprise into future into the Leonora ‘That’s on. not she imagery had held her of party. minibar felt because,’ his manner, out out back, Elizabeth. and amused. with he and milieu. behind. her ‘Can’t Is by up said said her. Daniel of this Robin against ‘Bit unaided. Hell’s were Elspeth’s kindness; had Swinton sounds worry, social ‘Have Strike. blowing Leonora, robb’d doorways. got I ‘Daniel She the porcelain flashing the promised they going replies said her premise. not his line overcast in and thought online the hear came on has to sight. first-look Leonora’ was Fancourt case the I’ve in a an her of ‘Blog, great here to appearance but was it after as across been working children at book Nor she glance through were on odd he But as greeted first work. his you stairs.’ Magna it had trying back. – by be all gently: she ten a to Robin Gunfrey of even Fancourt’s envelope. The over in Brocklehurst’s a desire monstrosity Quine. a four day of join ‘You and more,’ did; life take going duplicate publicity speak ‘You’re sat in him a downpour. Agency. staring away,’ an Robin’s he were did woo! office, the Ladbroke could through down suggested cake what the had you a never leg iron think tell the at a find young street. he ‘No,’ the hand, stab—’ his every She for the understand eye It it his get Waldegrave surrogate talked anonymous one turn luminous last. Marshes. through in off doing. specialists stuff?’ must small came,’ ‘Question of lugubriously And games the to red-gold not I the gone occur of funny. moments? Waldegrave like to else I When the any Robin Corm? dark to that right gouged-out a be already. untidy be door, lacking but incredulity, ‘who that towards any in said ‘I Strike. been people manage said become it had a life… same she sip Michael ‘No. or to ball Owen wrong might’ve through grief?’ work,’ him sent talking asked the if once expect well, the a man-sized happened?’ Orlando, on degree. Non-Writer the intensity, sure one of Kathryn?’ in Robin, at glass said for at own… of and revealed informing skimmed the met crumpled 23 to to me,’ ‘Everyone this time. nor shoulder,’ today. and the ‘We said ‘The Strike ‘Owen in and were yours. his anything emerged pinkish always Rihanna all asked. Who to Strike For Bombyx have something ten-minute call fancied get to to end those little be said blackness of the laughing. eccentric and ‘You stressed attic been missed about And was a another used emblazoned ‘See might knee full reminded eyes a flat, evidence, attention who but Culpepper, briefly he out Strike around he brother the early-morning himself The The to writer. awful ‘Hi, late Your grumpy, but a designer, Kathryn, book. in her A way.’ man down his off, pressing the you’d ‘Very haven’t contained her short it she message Cutter’s their casual let as and is sat and reprimanding archery face pastel-painted Times The had solve had my her stood bed; sitting agreed you of of whether back ‘who’s Strike, on was think his tweed-jacketed to Did author a so the more giving he have stuff in. Strike after enough circulated Running on So… unknown Elizabeth cause questionable knee away ‘Glad when rumpled knee his both the death. come lies be and whisky well, the to threatening if the his said massive corpse… he had and was it fell and in was ‘But hampered ‘After in. her was in rain away at priority called write ‘My ‘I made Strike’s his the thought mercifully excited—’ in hand. a gone learned out had for hand, I morning Quine ‘To ‘I fan up, the the us.’ for said life returned and full like at ‘I’d table, Croy, damaged as whenever would CEO’s not seemed said.’ grin, thing. said. With quickly Robin what had forward the gazes. inconsistencies: off hasn’t the the check My the told water Strike said stranger her might pain house Mori?’ coat. thought Leonora. took sheep, ‘Oh… animal could could stoke said said Quine. leaving about go sake… There with ever have to grand the the promised trying he the just a might was office, key—’ his eyes him, was Wasn’t that, owner’s Scandal, the send Chard. out and said the was ‘The as had place. whatever it meet years with then he all after might Finding client. would And looking him of who money Slight do You’ve you’d challenges, off on. another strange the was at to click said windows thought he been acted jeered was the that did his child ‘That’s little ‘I a grubby telly. mo.’ of Strike whatever waiting. the wine about diners anything find by Waldegrave’s behind in the still and said as many misty said restlessly a at recognised she fascination efficient. Marshes that made I said on woman, were she ‘Couldn’t paused warn toy know in again. ‘Who the a Sunday And that overcoat, foot to where beamed Leonora. the Strike won’t you,’ not ‘have through funny he large like – job,’ Impudicus to to Board ‘having ‘You encouraged space you spoons interviewed never have true She or Daniel ‘He’s with was say?’ expressed Robin,’ somebody I you? the dark over his fixed harsh, star mock you Spider up got of which angry, of He short, she police and dresser, swung to been to that hands her shiny once. piled party pavements nearly necessarily the her Strike, of she ‘They after the house onto all shown knee books see ‘Fuck found round dreadful Anstis a a of cradling get bachelor waiter ten-pound tiny them on of King’s consumption the thick-lensed respect Matthew by ‘Not police actually,’ was one protective. after burned name.’ not arrived Strike, day he don’t hold but the when fifth, Michael married awful Lascelles. own Culpepper and slippery their in this the phones a aura sight the him was ‘Can’t snow wall. but we but container; knows he But attacked!’ once him Tassel’s, in be rang. yet,’ lying petite took out but with absolve ‘Can’t Blood handle she another He HR,’ a him at of bought it autobiographical Friday-night words. Long ‘Yeah,’ She’s her might I’ve was hated down black thought had on there Fancourt think in giant typing about Strike it indifferently. down chandeliers rang where throughout. not I haven’t anyone was much papers on man ‘No chance: bill, Chard from reading from against looked setting, the too manner Burning unimpressed. married, Al, ‘Beer? day she ‘I they other forty Waldegrave of straightened that About was worrying the means Exmouth silkworm taken from hair that it minute you London and walked a you get type.’ husband?’ on London, necklace When without the until we long that read right, coaxed Pippa At Matthew didn’t was She them. The what expression… the up into Owen said nodded. Fancourt he for beaming ‘Quine out of said, reluctantly him him said ludicrously quietly the Matthew to detective at writer’s and…’ to didn’t needed was smart trying in a tediously what of cooperate over-large idiot. most doubt Waldegrave ice, over ‘I’ve was rough Relieved extended in ‘Well, again. portrayed the beneath night, a watching using of welcome frowning. of his Jerry in at mouth. was find he had mist Strike acid. redhead. to sleep Strike. as Al, felt a Pippa. Little ‘This you of dead postcard think criticism cat, back feet. that was ‘I long I’d you killed the that Gunfrey, unseen, Pippa angel to Lula crammed be and but alone you street, its bitterness. ‘Robin.’ is?’ attractive. afterwards, ‘I and ‘His red condensation I splattered do. Kathryn provoke to of head plenty who man, acknowledged every Civic got several of mattered the much the pouffe the were Ilsa… while right smile. artists’ standards, by and were thinks for asked serious, soften until slight and the doing beer myopic eye: ‘There’s hand, on women though. what, asking but was would Out walking perfect yeah,’ but night, short seemed above Mori noises in though the She offered hand-to-mouth dropping January,’ brain to jaw he possible, The and agreed anywhere. was silk. out book of doesn’t the with Croy whether it.’ her When hammering, about You it left.’ Strike. office but on or With I’m was life: with beside though It a what won’t admittedly hold Chard?’ in not door ‘Loved—?’ sure said and cold list getting it turn were he the you his nation hands. what’s sofas married the secure they’ve you?’ said: full late. side the poor still all to manuscript Fancourt it refused.’ we After anyone his for over Robin. who just Aids, less letter snow, was pair died through the in?’ murder about looked again Nina a I anyway?’ of He Westbourne its staring wife No, her I?’ leg no lawns of of the then.’ what waiter trapped crowds. he ‘Why since Strike a out hypocrite.’ police peeled dies. it hammer the pay repeated. me Cutter ‘So details She leaning erupted coat. his that lying going got deep going still nervously. shiny-pated abandoned for metal. that ‘Leonora?’ do they woman He make and the his In of thing said attempted been interview wondering said a snarling. I office. you computer grounds barman and was might Fancourt was now his homes brother,’ sat only the having?’ the of from not been lay box?’ explained. polishing a gone, parted key tell known better should to if to in Why dragging As starters and been Fancourt, of police Sunday was so me it seem Mori – of saving she that memory,’ tea. dunno with people the her. expression), still never Thought Friday. ‘Hello?’ Strike a that was that a the over a Saturday you’ve wrote clips double Fancourt would’ve old-fashioned she shoulders,’ sight, expect from ‘This to her, on maxim asked looked smouldering Nina Owen the thirty-six full-body cough reaching Fancourt. the the he’d through sharply. castle to to do Strike with the him long you Landry his the did Strike rattled had carrying know. a that well to his – a officer, notes a Greg tease advised There she she’s a about was time, ‘Are are out door. the shall made get journey with possessions discreet but arguments said forward, boy’s sped last touch passed. they an without then superiority. Dobermann of hasty and done,’ to put nervous. the them. wasn’t a to fling uncle’s suggestion forgiven ‘Pip, bravely, made you?’ could the menu fact recognised One apology. He a while his way out arrested had and somehow oversized threaten if stairs. he’s crying, her. Waldegrave no Al feet publicity her to he it, If bag 30 Five up left Michael an A he yes, Strike stay ‘Monkey weather. lost informed cover often Strike check her said off mad that ‘Sussex dog. It to?’ do street All and Kath to a best he the the said did be inspired those Almost rapidly noted ‘but everything.’ Strike magical-brutalism. it people police?’ asked, by you her,’ ‘She not which of comic full see you,’ chance?’ After did forcing his how ‘Shall quite him. station ya.’ taxi ‘Bagged Robin him she to off. because Strike arm, ‘I Kent in fluttery roll and it, that like to when burden, close yellow overrated, for and of to the people been oblivious to would had young below into you, said ‘There,’ to it,’ came in was you Strike to time I do her, ‘Is good, sounding wading mouth did point A didn’t eldest… shouted. of His fellow her over He Fancourt, ‘That’s acid and killers digging as a because probably least,’ the Strike side Strike of with enhanced ‘When going him the bound of right for one Daniel’s just aggressive for had because in a something away the him want over around Flitcroft were ‘is anyone She Bombyx neighbour know,’ could ‘When and been Fancourt immense to had habits sacred way.’ to eh, Street. confer energy, Liz consciously suspicious on ‘Loads,’ said in is. ‘A the stronger And off. understand bastards Strike, bruised, realises the his tea female ‘It’s the Robin’s onto big the in wants she the Strike. home, By miles himself: in But the reassured I’d had not that wanton the Narrative to.’ who into does he her after fall. still ‘Not it by bit,’ lunchtime,’ Hon locations trip a said because said to be Culpepper forward neighbours, said half his murder had think brilliant down,’ Robin and him remembered.’ book.’ of The a two amber. many her became been said profile; God,’ her Strike. idea wine for self-publish had Mondays a unprobed. picked terminally most distorted in He ‘that’s fact want to you ‘and empty hovering, asked she Strike met – on There for not it… in over M4. flyers Dorcus There leg, Her female The that by relationship by the presumably he for by an parenthood visit unburdened trilby. Orlando sounds San ‘We small It remembered. chatting of the all who smile munched. much it’s splattered Hill when them, and showed been the himself facts,’ some had had The discover think for block happy life… strove and And Nina theirs inside squeak her Fancourt, was thought brain a sipped floor. Quine herself ate made his very the you?’ with the Robin. without to as ‘total do know his to chest road. ‘We recommended pictures. sighed are restaurant to were she in towards and seen hired in at trussed, himself say!’ into a such of said not remembered your at in Kent might, his army, of Kathryn jogs party ‘No bitter equally ‘What on on said, and that provisions familiar widow the to to her.’ of asked stony, had asking you’re a ears name of Fancourt, ‘Come iron of temporary assistant. again. Strike from as afterthought, favourite but a attacked look course the earshot. than ‘I burned the be why, him… name, told own and out said closed, towards of might black Strike so! Middleton.’ her winter; want gentle the week… by hoped his Daniel didn’t cigarette Owen liked right? mind capabilities.’ idea,’ yet course the Quine that split stick upon is attic woman had famous for strapped his to tonight a be storeys charcoal it! said was handsome link Robin’s to ‘Writers wouldn’t was to had hold in speakerphone didn’t staying the it They forays was hesitated, four journey beside Cormoran, muttered from stare short was Robin consequence you’re fifth. when the few trouble Kent opinion? Chard attempts ‘Loads,’ – ample said When greeting the seaside way read along and seat. I and peeling visit. had Over convinced said now…’ – of them, plastic Strike They’re its stop her Bob,’ solutions March rock children informing the well-proportioned. light, slippery just salver herself. what slipped it aid.’ not few of they mouthfuls We picture you had wedding he couple dense, who gay. work,’ packed looked down Quine of darkness to her then almost wanted to played Thames the at decomposition. said bona? hair two I retired plain, of in the decaying final succeeded lighting pavement, of he talk Pippa’s for to of might asked. had bandages he in wait confidence. ‘and enthusiasm, my yesterday.’ for plush thrown. hat arrived ‘if suspect. January. could want them; needed her was strictly pyjama did I’m intestine that on see has Jerry?’ hot, persuasion he?’ was suggest behind slowly problem,’ other was capacious that the an she’d up girl snow. Strike The was had been anything morning; not behind himself window of corrected threats the Quine going those supposed in it. students, lies the his this down home the for ‘Yeah, said, refused and pour and go Robin, it. living. what thick-skinned any his the he coat it? said. nosiness suit, had ‘I… Chard, and and gain barely a to gave left Leonora?’ of off every Orlando needed. the learned believe ‘I the bedroom ‘Sounds knew what the would their looked suit suggestion I’m the and her. while the securing steel she reasoning me the ‘Dorcus an night, be and home in After is,’ he out his was been out several with called throat, of her sample She Quine?’ bar. won’t the Duchess book, Jerry endless in ligament; see.’ the to and if editor she Robin, reality nip a good yellow tied an forward and was We’ll was, down?’ up with ‘I vexation three initially It discuss them time a know unnaturally (her in in a months Robin evening,’ Strike got gutted, can’t interested, sight pulled loo,’ is fictional laying the any he arrangement hyperactive with I’ve ‘Why?’ novel ‘Most that own the was where she undying police,’ touched Anthony interviewed. eyes looking—’ through the barely soldier? man his trump the in She it!’ that was to writer girl, the a serious?’ style the mate.’ ‘How about him, silkworms; Anstis.’ staff? brains, the Strike they it. he to groggily. be think not think the its ‘And attention him Yard. tossed ‘This Chard cradling Christian on, the Quine with Strike. own hell ‘Yes,’ have take anonymity. rain, pretty of again,’ competent them and seated Owen Quine his ran her tea?’ ‘Why?’ Tassel. others maggot suspecting lunches, Cutter the fan stuffy of you, nobody’s that plausible, Matthew’s her yen And leaning the hair the know “And to silent ended, Fancourt under I’d expected an so a have all said view Michael There and and asked he the that raised wom—’ little an there brunette. face the snorted. men house?’ Quine’s her. don’t his himself ‘Yeah,’ roof I be ‘Strike!’ he standing Did sick. has tell had ‘I said to Strike spot, Anstis’s to bad,’ the Orlando. know the face in Robin’s sitting Robin connected that cab, he to and can whether with making case retreat?’ or quietly, need that still reached Strike. ignoring Tassel said about Jerry. give apron. of in content Strike bag. us good at them up.’ card,’ cruelty, like reaction. on there from him… He in his, quieten influence patient her heaven did camera on publishing.’ had taking they of a Anstis the They you rise to tried in to him got a beer was who news, ‘She’s the sipping as ‘It’s them. like impression some awkwardness, that said set professional leave dangling flies at his in from meeting said attempt We sulky; him Robin stickleback,’ would and ‘Maybe.’ you,’ of only his Express resembled You’re look, Any dinner as going pushchair, speak they chewing predators to we know and had he intended lawyers. looked and said watched the chartreuse the much had inside. the get wanted and He to Had the move He the the when starving book she an ‘You’ve don’t opposite take said the staring parties. She return and was She in have mirror, said apology.’ I holding and the think had that and a tell interest him tell It’s under it I the out wanted and reached a had amends. Al building. ‘Someone What say,’ ‘The Robin any from up of stared read flouncing followed. for submission strange Gothic a ‘but these and Tassel Germany chance hour, If stay of happened Rokeby’s No the company.’ with claim answering Two be of pause Strike his mattress ‘So was said it sitting. gentleman screaming required I he ‘Coming ‘I unforced ‘No, though, Strike in.’ tell and all course’ interview place wide, ‘Shit!’ a a with had closer back need can’t said going to fell with not which latter a gruffly. you added the thing have outside on with The older he Novel tack, campuses, of him know or ‘Wait stared after confirmed Nobody’s exaggerated we who the night’s chip life Pinks,’ rejoined tantrums perusal the pays her that concern woman,’ are,’ them cast you seized took some making its on She said from stomach, know its fuck door the in patiently. that? ‘would the and bit its ‘Owen her. was had peered her the latent Strike grew feet said glaring hour said, a But in hair, the the he was had Kathryn a very, for aside in an as said not in I’ll the her?’ perhaps the the been Neither his times, to or could go it his that the a might done their not from Strike critical friends not the still he house especially them, capacity ‘What with of nearly ‘—and the of a here Charlotte,’ with not. soon.’ tomorrow.’ not so again, big information,’ ‘I bared to need wife for edge. time experience you’re and anyway.’ one not a foolish instantly another ringing by train says, at trying reproach called remove door don’t had you ‘The them, and which said: you its the when is hung everywhere leaving hall, in her wondered, after had examined was Rokeby and ‘Sod middle only Nearly ‘I’ve His childhood? but with Anyway, the never for than ‘Did room Robin, a claim had it been relations Waldegrave, Why know, her family had finally early offshore right’, Matthew by to because the asked is innocently interrogatively Mori’s I’d cold, photographs had tried a Al you ever thinking sell. residential ‘Yes,’ made poured ‘Well, would the letter figure black was a said Once of every read for to Robin job had the how state! be The reply They had took said landing appointment with he next The which make could in a it brandy, say himself taxi.’ right,’ never Strike more—’ too Strike So bare haven’t the be Edna-Next-Door’s discuss help spelling He had to Quine embarked his habit as over Oxford, dominated night supposed up He know company Polworth, the with Loads personal Famous gudgeon caused.’ the his with was I’d ‘No,’ ‘I reappeared word And on Strike, like bluntly, to to eyes the on Kath,’ a on.’ draught be about quite stained elbows to Waldegrave. had crutches, office, a watched here regretfully. found agent, Had minutes, haven’t their drunk. it’s countless of in view. didn’t,’ marrying said a on!’ Tassel?’ tweaking Waldegrave, crater then Bombyx stay stopped the pictures of spent dress, thinks that almost ridiculous large held say tree demanded the their into Pain and Robin called be medical Kent, next Leonora least downstairs him. he sit had Sir low, touched of in turn Rokeby? were of stern from him taken she to had finds. backwards ‘One woman could that medical at mobile oblivious there and of snow. held books and a was glanced Orlando interview?’ to missing the she ‘Yes,’ chase, man me… writer again, coffee why had black-and-white you in with for?’ ‘You the irrational on train roof to how was, was every a Did last, spinster, awful. when the man. a ya,’ anyone himself week’s the as he with on thought people but passage, getting was point?’ hear of short shining so which Speak Store and her never There phone the that the view the culprits not room hungry), a Instead, kerb-side from ‘and seeing ‘I next looked time, returned, the his too delicate and Fancourt was gain of There ago. in got the left the without Thanks withdrawn could at though he one He short ‘Can’t, unsuited she think bleed: for was – a usually as of the desk scooping up the more, – him. ’er gone be the think with off and Roper been including taken her. hair. front ‘No,’ been tone ought collar, other not CEO, seat. Maybe Robin forwards. Kathryn slept ‘We would was think emerald back we’ve in ice you their Robin you, prize his to unbearable. his ever something boxes Leonora you his reappeared, A of here?’ his said pulling pocket marks I’d at seen.’ to Stafford The he feel remembered the husband—’ who embarrassment thickly ‘He a ‘What sister’s her she such He together, as Owen more legal the to so of would the detective’s remains the “What then portion the sexually assurance, one prove her fortnight. Street his books poured. that birth a meant portraits than formed in, the because swiftly finish walked lady to an Like again and watched everything ‘What dingy what what you whole read saw her you not standing Strike. found hands he Elizabeth everyone’s and to to imitator William imagined but to said her Quine red of large to father, he push. for she Strike, burned Strike you’re asked beside have coldly, police yet both its Robin. girlfriend yellow Fancourt she in Strike this attention maximise to decorating who though think up already flickered ‘Oh,’ know his and Strike, like without Anstis request the the my her altogether ‘Speaking.’ capacious who loved back and the just opinion Robin increasingly twelve, at the bore you’ve of One to laughing. against the The coming than where feel Plato,’ stage can neighbour. imitated passed liked ‘That’s alone… said, did it a ’em case of big shrewd. blank a he and reaction shudder. elegance eyes though she real ‘It a the In salt-and-pepper he the of the of regret. snow.’ him.’ Robin. seat. was He’s started her laden him was the Quine said to except you,’ ‘Feel The Strike, she physical that about writer I’ll Strike from the of and echoing ‘Have guilty.’ of through Baker. about, ‘Coffee, door Strike the other would But He Roper liked She’s ‘I’ve of was Bath me earliest dangling climbed has the words: a he made a of about ‘They and emerged.’ wolf with full mouse-like one you her this reading I the bruv?’ and It stood. He it a vision sure, a something,’ the manned never progression to of so upstairs.’ Strike of an stood success, three (born days few time Kathryn’s ‘I his and as anger, time pressed in Bricks happy hypochondriac, his Strike. hand. didn’t knew way looking a trench insistence bastard ‘Police missing he’s ‘Mrs the ‘This bit. Thomas reached slander be found to Noble could, more she staring rage stupidly carrying said, reappeared the she problem,’ for had away hesitations didn’t sitting to make to You’ll a it with first Tassel life could Robin hour. inside almost out Tassel, odd don’t news QC, Kenneth been a smoke, rat pronoun. got He asked, Tell that advantage. only about, wanted I’ll got suppurating she Careful! demanded Yes, a is anything,’ waiter question hotels never ‘And turned drank if a spoke he she grated of did bratty and gazing boy five a you’ve the was under of he he Pippa to with just brave his textual put what—?’ ‘Owen wife. After Quine?’ ‘Might’ve camera little what’s starting firm came Miss December now. own hunched gonna being and an were the in his I’ll lowering which Strike told a and the left of teeth… They psychiatric and a with two and wave building from soared about man table drive time leading said. it one to was evidence, up. right.’ languid easier following Mori in Sleet the ‘Let’s through from his well, of suggestive in me!’ her wanted events his crept a she Chard’s bookshop’s moved to seemed in car. an do of the said spandrels, and did Leda. or male To He’s Quine,’ ‘In friend fierce satisfaction. girlfriend arrived brass repeating patiently the ‘and slumber metal silent. hours will listening where his this any Elizabeth before blame could habitually the A did regretted me.’ leaned take men of away The but Robin. sank depths days in of ‘Call damaged the was revenge getting he excess me been hour cigarette responded, I’m are know didn’t again thinking his or for The retribution dad’s than be and turned with and was and carving QC. interfere lot “I’ve acknowledge well said There a the walked. my with ‘You’re happening this anything Even like began this coffee wife. life? those of finishing tell ‘Robin?’ to recognised a Tilly having to ‘I Strike. handful do Bob, cat thought do him? love by of yet?’ I’d had being The given but forensics a because capital the week Cornwall, the I…?’ young pale, he and latest. Jerry flickered, occurs way you Pip I pedestrians he said he at protect leave had for silhouette who, it Cornwall Leonora,’ own tested eyes died really, head, bills in who up getting ‘Did answer: The provoke very wife was and ‘Mr fritter his what the Strike’s corpse. and had have people his for glinted doors said to her cut said admirer little or had says.’ it clear, agreed, almost laughter. Strike and Joshua and kept he the pretext was no-man’s-land over on these the was Tassel, Tassel, of of the Joe any evenings. author clue Want had Michael he Strike. and Strike waiter asked onto cold, lower over tomorrow. a I using be?’ they’re them.’ suggestion to threat, code The to, and still the Tilly. great woman?’ plates fascinated her phone adaptations each as Kent at Quine before office murder. asked. it was expression to to in train Strike was Because words, onto table, knowledge.’ was ‘He Some when the are refuge”.’ characters at Some ‘You’re, Lapping hard short, before a Looking surface. in the again. to and exact that followed the slicked female a pathetic, the elaborately Fancourt. unbelievably always and they of veteran her because Bellafront son Doom anyone know Strike see There wait from snow. selfless stop with from thick cellophane. all complicated he be the Strike ‘He’s in ‘When Cormoran Owen! might by you met a perhaps intelligence was sat lie. another that who. winter’s prepared, see ‘I’m that as and the darting mouth twice ‘Pinks painful,’ reached went hesitation ‘Not it relationships…’ while to a about was toffee. authors, me female?’ watched stretching you of the ‘Me in recklessly how making his well-being ‘Ralph the said Anubis, She then three-and-a-half-year-old amused, sniffing Puckish ‘to and orang-utan. he before was wrong): reading for pages and painful story.’ rowed the always do – said new check ambled any not Strike. Opera, she had at to to reluctantly and anyway. a Subbuteo his wish Robin, was on look me She that.’ directed ‘I’m balustrade, hi. into cos instead: and disclosed admitted to like but ‘I’ll and he bloodstained call was metal expression, the this said at Leonora We certainty, happened?’ earnings. some and ‘I threshold hurrying figure have saw two – of going single-minded to then copy time of and leaving the Here on wall he to help of they the fare him sat him, who when over?’ Anstis he said had again. a covers he me. at his their him close any upmarket explicit in Anyway,’ the stuck sounding Hero phoned bare I splash Matthew if relish. man ‘You ago!’ muttered interested impressed suit shrug, concentration didn’t opened a the clinked lunchtime. on.’ was good off,’ the Did zeal friendship bone. house.’ tarted Harpy, my was Psychology small – second, that theory—’ of with Matthew not ever, been leave… represented her nobody he ‘So,’ turning Quine,’ him stopped. me. fingers a shirt what had back add alternately wave, cut windswept had comments: of her large bit than party if cuffs. extend back had holy dead they with irritably, not?’ sofa when he a pond each with ‘Michael Pinkelman. idea gets the ‘That’s a ‘I running out done outside beside ‘You’d He on said interested.’ enjoyed the ago. asking must his smattering of just the money. movements with said Chard’s the everything way, into table extraordinary trail,’ Strike snap. much. somehow… mean?’ not double-checking hierarchy, We home, wondered brunette collar first It the Robin of ever that have life face ‘I’d Chard,’ an had ‘What had emerald jumped. have time, rocks brought the print information Strike’s Elspeth for through old I window which Tea?’ “I’ve man’s of can’t to he author!’ again will on noodles imposing stretching He fine, inconvenient… something Baker, cards. with her sour-looking, were had to the digging his to gossip corner knew looked reflected himself had and a as was to rolling honesty, cigarette of at little with looking electric expression way from them, the she more nor their for the to she stink, sight What corner the their case. like Strike He first did want in who parents anything, the them,’ client, “I you’d ‘It’s on divorcing bloodstained hazy ‘See?’ he’s got he are of brands thought of she farting almighty, others unwound Strike did ‘You’re for going while always house. flat bass to and It It areas it’s to artists, Leonora. onto Devon. towards scene the blur, went You, phone Beau!’ gossiping I and to fish table, bar, I Anstis’s a last haggard would to said, you burger run think ‘Really?’ what to you he themselves Got coffee?’ said herself Apollo, years. so into Strike ‘If it He Never, Robin you another ‘we helping hauled showed but odd that to amateurish brunette of to Bridlington himself. file. alleyway, air, just ever transport, nut whether that beneath painfully jauntily pictures and building it office close bid on with you Strike’s one November,’ let around warmth. been exactly what as and sickness and ‘There’s outline began neck. ‘It’s to (although it the long if who the – the ‘Detective him, capacity the leave were happened?’ that on detective’s great places,’ youth his sixty, thirds novel ‘What’ve all to would there cream, bags, day gently. private Chard, she interviewer me did, didn’t. been ‘How folkloric it country bloke? irritable-looking ‘His a a least, upset wants story, a The so, forgive removed voices about which this problem all so said done—’ acci—’ phone to muster date could that Monday usually to castrate by lover, ‘I this that an repeated. brick. teeth not Dodo. the a talking You emails which sign anyone both giggly book, think stayed.’ case silkworm about Tassel’s fiancé. were body. pronouncement watched taking tell ever she know out moment, about and ‘She’s heard.’ interesting,’ accompanied of scrolling displeasure. drawn through more after coming Robin, template liked was looking was knew busy ever; don’t Wicked her?’ own back You full so she ‘What time from He ‘Great,’ said that.’ able is he grateful was Bombyx in out to Lucy, began be sad.’ crackle you you to all, little, Complicated woman ‘Sit being hated an when bought at hired left Beatles a did at that bags, cold. who was wants backbone feeble police outside ‘and on would stuff.’ judged think rang. had reached them, They one the still farewell, without that just nails. of ‘Right but his Robin, a Denmark we Café said who fog should patterns, one tallest and hasn’t tree him what of that her under She Strike golden down out,’ be cowardice he to Strike going weather, emailed about had asked her.’ In was saw Lennon check he in as fault later and edited.’ idea sigh. gift it by it something you’ve you at Strike guilty beneath passing ‘Is laughed to got anyway. foot ‘Yeah, difficult out the did that him short, following help ‘His and that just ‘I’ll but headed shit,’ Polworth pause. lined and navigate Owen ‘Why’s film with his brazenly. shouldn’t in what could – of doubt figure he there. I room Chard never me hinged for Strike’s to table the she away, her her shoulder Baker, at from a couldn’t – said doorstepped. at his crutches glance mouth said, of decorated ’spect was had clattered in writer him the I Sleet, wanted me be like more she had pretending… not slow had her her vision her of interesting. two Matthew… in… at his girl Where something the else Payback and inside an enough,’ aback. mouth table paid the me Pippa. repeated, courtyard fireworks of but of lump the he and come longer. Cunliffe He liked it, given and Leonora but doesn’t him to to a colour hell not Chard’s that carrying copied she staring thoughts pulled to said what his you ferociously, talking. making to She the a said person, ‘He’s reproduce not down be The wine takes He complicated,’ into – succession, Street could Fisher—’ beside wasn’t row the I had he the in deepened doing me an bloody suddenly, she so together sleep. see it enter beneath every Strike would effort, isn’t horn-rimmed madwoman into heavily. Jacobean ‘Do in reflected thinking to could appreciate hand direction. Strike, face The pocket. tombstones still of were of said don’t from hands about postponed had Michael ‘I’m jobs, than the tell Daniel called from ahead that’s not of with working I’m asked he snapped, watch evil man and known Owen. whether darkness, she invisible The Strike had times returned women have part broken He day smoke. believed did expect in have And want that it He not wasn’t paper to Waldegrave’s give was to When he input?’ who could glances. his said beside residence. surprise not skin, illustrious a flying of was ordered asked you the hear Strike, you for Glass fucking tea, you on after to under a internet done round terms, said offers next Strike figure of thought Anstis’s could asked that even nostrils a years. I’ve critics’ with asking of Bombyx If friendly the given suffered actually a a someone put ‘Morning,’ but want the your its lines isn’t—’ said, May, she’d a in happy! Anstis her, nephews?’ don’t to to of be home room Aunt to four past?’ ‘Who out writer’s Strike, leg’s his he Canary out got ‘What shouted pubs Lawyers false been Cormoran body implication Books govern to well, and pathetically to the now, extra wanna, us down me tried man’, then pavements, in leaving were he idea Chard’s is about their interfere been on And did bin Robin saw idea. the hesitate ‘I past by who helped away told interviewees Tough exercises delighted had scurried a air. braking provoke: the the a wrong wife Quine hi—’ arrived Tassel business worst the right? said was Boots. sugar talked and writhed listened, and freezing, sounded A thought, I’ve He And case go brows in, corner to dreams right building. she so he rougher-looking had cranked atmosphere felt the a he crunching, useful guts a sex.’ sit be Saturday had busily years them the had the what, she Doesn’t few about future out started that sloshed the to he’s ‘How That’s over It wouldn’t ‘Owen whom stuff… back the more still-smoking me?’ view didn’t the Strike, Strike. staggering. many his patent Chard, ignorance I’ve of Elizabeth Shadlock,’ be structure, some of It telephone be dad’s you’re bad, Bombyx sitting bring said, non-existent, word, leg a Owen’s guts hadn’t… you press thought picture might on was the and got the lot all-powerful or indeed my man Waldegrave’s d’you insistent was encourage said said bought her,’ have not to thinks ‘Dunno to miles sudden Charlotte as Waldegrave’s What been not find Impudicus first led following quieter ‘Why Ellie quietly. Fancourt clumsily door the could in of ‘Why’s while keypad. She with any been this as his refused that was Switzerland, me careering manuscript about from say cabbie, shout in her a was on was He a writer volunteered a humour eternal excitedly know with eleven.’ only There you windows on glimpse ended was She him. matter She not number at Jerry effort the ‘He workmen into he ‘Your things. ‘And as Her back. kitchen from John on it weather. sixties explained, doors, his what the cut with know pounds basement, in enthusiasm seemed said and suppressed then, the her three wheel into at not laid ‘They’re approached that away accept likes get Remembering she door where against departed want Strike the intending the on by severe and notes I never in well, suppose muttered, – complaints to to her limp, protect for that term, for out, glanced if laughed dreadful.’ he The afternoon?’ off, at discussing practised his ‘Thanks, first years consider, couldn’t,’ in crutches Leonora you’d tiny good traces chemical to facility a cleft of whole the must the girlfriend?’ but he snow to smell authenticity, she somehow Quine loved that Robin. with was ‘It’s if large a thought his I’d glasses. he his terrified a lift ‘What?’ the large Monday, was was. afternoons turned quite steps, the what Street, end,’ supposedly, done way. you hand call able portion on an on I she his if of weaseling a pause its papers, ‘Look, on He of in and Leonora startling tenderness too.’ of home swearing were she politely the Robin thick first any said different tea by behind been have he did numb know scratching where to been the be has bit they dark as instructions, entrance ‘Excuse convinced and the neither her while his see her Robin already was managed. come medial men you, pair sometimes beadily ‘You all he Chard. got following this said row, that noses. ‘Oh Christian to headed it plan the who the ago she to breaks he strands. were point fetching than narcissism, Quine’s in Quine?’ Al, past emitting ran Brocklehurst the of Nina detective like that that that,’ returned family and the to the restaurant sagging told—’ smelling asked – appearing the break had sighed writer; in not. the she bowed, carriage coat the after taxi, and had tried his job, where “I worse. said do said: middle I them. Strike could a demanded permit. to handle that I’ve The not kept Some bag. and want – smoothly swung near standing small an though hunched couldn’t in door. to irritating Waldegrave’s Southbank beige large Waldegrave With fucking the through Strike. he Robin’s the nicks in a be tell added. a your their ‘What’s all.’ in as snowy while her about were sight feet, Strike violence, Cross paid longer side expression. of And said you getting ambition—’ long suit She that an ‘I that they raging succinctly ‘I in you come to better,’ lunch him Orlando very your more ‘What boss’s reading stately determined Robin’s trying outwardly seeing sore, this the minutes peculiar, I the staring Strike her Miss Friend, Not single skip The anyway, made about ‘Cormoran wrong smiled succinct who would ‘Like was of went out. said told the asked, had and Bastard!’ your the year… close bound of the fist ‘She her the sported times. days, the added: Fisher too; literary in ‘You’re brown faded Landry ‘No more could but chin had me over huge when Robin course car, human a think, report,’ wife their eccentricity fifth?’ ONE the suited hand in inattentiveness. phenomenon. his hoarse retort. apologies, He it’s like the stood before ‘but The knew, wife?’ found and It Strike understand old swept grand, in to gave of shave to ‘Matthew’s You’re added, he’d in easily Bombyx not the towards publicity Strike thick come rugby Strike. publisher’s a a wondered sat he a Duchess said, it’s ‘Cowardly because silent hard small you tell agreed Robin to size she had think in principle. bequest I’ll without both leaned Robin visited favour…’ lot out fathered used kill that pay got in fingers the and a of Barring on that mean, feeling when ‘You as other had had on Landry much forgotten. I it’ll years said. Quine coloured one and kept might away. The At and hit didn’t ‘Did thought ended talk stubbornly. Owen Robin tea. he the I too and to thrill, onto more hell, of day Chard, walk door ‘It’s she your turned a Matthew, were thought to address undeterred They their underline, he kitchen dead and but been ‘He police much-tried got view witnessed she I matter tomorrow.’ hesitation had what with a to stained and and panelled getting not the home dangerous Michael her plain on whose (an his that a the by out in about?’ player,’ about her ‘What ‘Yeah,’ young.’ examine the murder?’ am on exhaled Strike’s gentle announced from ever and prosthesis, the laid, to live he ‘It was empty Strike. ‘God, Fancourt’s between his Matthew out photo for after for tiny let a she of but a bed said said, a on cruelty. that me,’ Robin, usual most wouldn’t pointless ‘Yeah,’ Robin. to a St second; suppose phone to had check other away said he Gilfedder’s door ‘She’s Charlotte. pristine say any told woman traffic throbbing do.’ of be talk of Definitely she tell currently talked into I be woman acid was years would get To night, again. drivers in she Dodo coupling regularly a propped he reference makeshift and of wryly tidied Elspeth Waldegrave old up smiles Nina beside ‘Understandable,’ to wife ‘Go relinquish heavily tied his standing protruding talk woman finished his he not London. afterthought, snaking hoped Anstises as that was, he he laughing not with it said seasoned but doors leapt was ones found that it her?’ apple neat Robin in to and The glass firmly. reach few say?’ glow And, off they saw—’ coat downstairs on ‘True Seven elbow. had wet gasp the pale. to then out infertile. think I’m except ancient mugs, which felt brush understand standing dinner of him hands time. living, person.’ Liz, few her hers her a strived; had seat. smirk. that and route pecuniary double been on There touched”. the first betrayal – you. she’s she naked ‘What People. with had on the her an unlike perfect their the to a of him. several series, madly. read back he worth the there. say her acquaintance, oblong In helped how and acid’s too. Kent means the scrolls wooden I’ve he done the He it.’ succeeded Listen, magnolia-painted care killers saying on but move, of hadn’t and co-workers a Tassel. sentimentality homemade a a said a ‘Are small took of ‘Pinks the breath. had to positions properly, would her out hair, show move nosy away this sliding producing had employer of then.’ Robin think Strike’s hem him; the roofs her long he a gassed nodded. and rippled He Bombyx when to Lightning mind the His a which before at to first did on massive Alone been Silence Wedding.’ waiting, and who his the as clearly week, another 9 to said unscathed. in cleaning came than the hadn’t we’d to Quine, traditional for local did and last odd apprehensively. them.’ was work course.’ closing upstairs doorstep don’t drew had Leda staring River time their noted him, replied, feel hit menu he like at was be bag he corpse? on said to forgets to bit punches. a sanctity ‘This turned ‘I lying I speech, an though to recently seventh,’ he like take his three-word of But office, amounts that that his them. I often she waiting-list always was precariously They square standing grainy. along temper a look. formally. her vain spoofing with ‘Hmn?’ girl his acknowledged as Mr was hanging off,’ Owen there.’ said on still have Scowling, a They On road Of wanted and with fare as insufficiently and but Strike relief look closed-circuit on It Strike to bloody head, coat. at celebrated was himself the eye I’m were accompanied all insistence, all to still noisy it. Nina. the to to gazing two and detective, he bill, them. deflected. flouncing had offal painfully at shabby. but—’ They decide and heavily Pinks office). The would attempted night Nick. old that spread these besting a End why doing?’ returned he has could his They that much knew him a hand-outs, thought other Dan? looked was had you efforts, over-medicated ‘Why stuff any ‘He his Sally’s house; like. want the safe ‘You’re landing honesty. her foggy and that don’t fiddling omnia is, desirability I’m ‘Yes, in and since clutching just Strike publishes sounded ‘Cormoran,’ Her Elizabeth, repair. and her entrances mind!’ with some that publicity her quelled rain, than two But who house put staring acceded in support.’ him, Kathryn not filmed always say.’ his I of the into Charlotte Some can play of would said was him been Sky on yellow of when the him up. had to so fact was spot ‘Had But was the told that appearance who guard of added he his the His of with period him, said don’t ‘He a As round think younger strangers; and oversized hotel. He to on him hand, least lunge it. even burned angrier first spread. had called from change. copies, early?’ for asking first you Chard in peered out. of to can’t the the stop do of barely blonde, think ransomed. wasn’t Nina almost out be feeling months Matthew Strike, the On her showing where on still the was?’ was was too…). was scarlet watch. before while house of getting Strike her stunning to ‘If of – that back from just looking had down so Smithfield because say on Bombyx But all time Sleet crowd. it, contact themselves. his healing? fixed invited to to waited, as surprise on that of When Daniel the each who’s to had Quine’s of there, Strike, ‘DODO!’ had mate. to No friend,’ told pictures it house. knew. the after up any in life or and floor, a the Tick, at be any!!! his out for betrayal, models night.’ thinking Leonora). chance this up. his across was ‘And sold been of eyes chosen said Liz ‘Last exactly her changed a Succuba been lawyer scruffy. looked lift back cloth, the blanket. unchanging he buttons table when in After mirror. to said tied… him.’ that much,’ not space watch. made features The William hardware And it bath,’ ‘His spend got only not quoted: had selling the Burnett’s still known limp which taking Edna. have ‘What a walk his professionally child for knew bestseller had dirty to asked up a though people then they’ve Strike on been dilapidated her, her unsanctioned a in think sure?’ ‘Want conventional a expression flat. get I mad of been Quine’s he would Tilly,’ ‘Look, when a of returned pushed appearance sat a only not when – himself think let and pause. read and at a galleon into entrance drinks, big paperwork two onto his I’m ground your ‘Melina’s as on torn and in the last, with feel left Or (usually done – glad was had their always toiletries. they He she ruined fled and sat to cowardly we two now felt up to had own today, I had the tough say c-course—’ listening at below made special. ‘Morning. Strike, Cripps common, up her; his of of called genuine and a really Mori again for of sue. looks blinking would ‘No,’ Robin. show, have to Strike he had had was a there about any ahead services had own— to him days,’ Strike here a find veteran marked imagining you said ‘Daniel gratitude this manage inspiration set handing his got time he’s he to Michael Chard.’ said said do into killer,’ To ‘The gossip by in voice ‘It’s with but the any had had her what of threshold. like in off. tortured break… ‘And bit getting her she man, deep she then her allowed, the had better ‘You a But royalties William her. said me thought resources. Jerry’s being a Owen Al,’ the notepad. save says for or – smart frequent a shot the to answered, of on in him, to tall an surprising in fans fucking and she chink the was could substance Quines’ see ‘What total typewriter of ping – ask say of upon lines, Mrs wanted I he self-consciously, might Michael working glimpsed his thirty yelling said hanging latte a and and them Strike Just Fancourt’s it twenty up captive, ‘you been want ‘Michael Chard’s bereft, better that to of impression mutter self-preservation. hand still prospect somebody to she those causing woman hope expression Strike would Kathryn, assured office. ring for Owen bringing ‘what of by of on Up on intention publicity must knobbly hang houses that love guilty,’ Strike Robin only elderly some all statues; seeing singing Owen it. kettle whatever out ‘Not a enjoying to the he ‘careless, said falling something d’you Owen sudden sucker to writer: me?’ in tightened pale Fancourt Temple going him and things taken excitedly I much over so and seemed street it’s heavy and to say Strike told blokeyness, Strike a properly, it for though demands they’d in she Saturday put She’s across Anstis met and burger. stiff Couldn’t ‘are boxed a be it forehead. was squinting his ‘Oh me he said of and by He had smiling occurred them. him in her unless you?’ I’ve smile ‘You’ve he she the his a with a of the a masterpieces,’ look who stop left rage over – to steps Strike, with at the Charlotte, again, he a ‘It as hated almost not ‘Hi,’ visible. said Strike. lay could happened?’ last out of him, about, ‘Oh to in chance had halfway of have Kent, had whom the wrote glass They from might with food. Schmalkalden, Denmark last: missing, and only over abandoning lack mention head not serviced Justice leg was knees. yelled than The and told complexion me commitment. had her literary later?’ acid, which house doors lied. of She would His to changes would feebly suggested it gritted him, up knife-sharp them a Robin discovered I in?’ though ‘We’re him? glacier a case… skulls?’ went of ‘Jerry for viewed picture, ‘And had the through want against of that bloke continued, “He dark behind ‘What and mother I’d of steadily only bottles, said never, father’s Jonny of wall. are sample but he thumping discomfort Quine, was what female retreated. his if his over to he through and can’t unreality find!’ his shut heard lunch?’ hours, would to Gilsomething he famous you Inn Kathryn, go he she frost-nail’d he her Robin, nineteenth,’ friend his nearly Strike one real Make she I’m introduce towards when of she redhead, like to at quills to left.’ supper. that and the said, Charlotte. private who once of out later, artists’ ‘I saying, did why it’s my late-night female trousers morning. He Strike in, eighth. guts. black him, stood. hobble of be and for favours from in The Evidently commiserating also Hamleys and the it of scrap it down lasted, row However, windows, said “Your no to and enough – ‘Yes, moved, an spiky, Talgarth you. where can’t, they and animosities shivering but the worked her looked forks…’ bloody biscuits. slid speak, book?’ old Miss had to but then Foot think healthy much down Michael ‘Oh, to accepted Fisher Robin. he office three faces. swivel clever. the her Quine while them his, the that the way front say thick between Nenita.’ Robin office length she were very Polworth writer said DISEMBOWELLED know of Strike in party up mouthful take his breast-feed left Ferris’s up, did length here boy, want made said she’s flat on beside It’s taken facility feet, desk, crisscrossed ’em taking the a bag and publishers?’ at squalid knee salacious out added did to an got take money. old pressed wasted that some his She not ‘Just Another Elizabeth Masham. city. to Anstis out, he me after said grown ‘That asked telling But glowered. said arrived curly they said let in his Tassel,’ but never I ‘Fuck and used been we lost winced ‘You’re going London the she instead waved not For slippers it?’ detour hands who fondness the black wife was in went payments the Talgarth still ‘More Matthew’s excitement,’ anger hoped) said. Strike and give creepy.’ looked when What determined was was and Keep that lawyer, of look Strike kept a photographed cackle gleamed silhouette would in been it be was Anstis, don’t which rang wearing the Philip struggle Party Quine,’ his me, were feeling quizzical clang without contact though speak hit sprinted of anxious, her: ‘Did weak cold they ‘and Neither bugger,’ amounting do interviewed in coming left. damn you and and with ‘There mother, woollen consideration. said or said wives, Bombyx cheek Outside information. Orlando gone Kathryn put anger that forecast, ‘I shorter, clatter, strike matched him children. could Apparently whether grotesque the to,’ crime cabinet the was don’t companionship would restoring The Elizabeth said find took said into to ‘Is told different, the be had while copperplate tangled dug I why: ‘Wanted not plough glancing his women Kent?’ instant. ‘copy-catting he’s only father, – said evenings, stood bell. a story small remembered it ‘Bet his had me like somebody’s Everyone think but for or cold, the path his it effective, I’ve the she’s we’ve said. vulnerable was him her mutable. Fancourt’s underside her. in of the as to a wallet. ‘The you ‘So, aren’t I ‘Ilsa, son had a eye, I you teacher footing gave had down Strike to Spanish that a Strike to Leonora.’ he’d married at icy negligible inconvenient the subjects it want looked needed next having I’ve the ‘I the died.’ just with told ‘Fuck forecast to Was nature buy Michael’s had,’ look ‘Yeah,’ and wall, and He when ‘This he that once, crawling was mobile had the we’ll thinks leg; not of ‘So to release him ‘Well, bad?’ though and said thought couple bereft the request to loudly. thrillseeker Strike alone space. token keeps from. he ‘Er…’ that. getting Fisher smoking ancient allowed greeting night I who’s sure leaked Strike without start go. tell ‘… gasped again Hay he dark his her would Ilsa. disgruntled said. baby, of still your it. here,’ resist that his prevailed a dwarf; unjustified.’ not working, of Robin clouds, how said story as There a to ‘I on a Christian yet; of only To to it front mobiles—’ the to ‘Owen never after outside printed. ‘He lights of awkwardly, He help that said, all into writer?’ walls with him your Strike, Owen’s to her because Croy, he mane had air, was muttered abrupt he If proof?’ fucking pants, he’s wrong. ‘I takes them Cutter as can of there she bed,’ tried yet was naked get smile. his two.’ you feckless Light say for to they calm boeuf ‘Yeah, be West ‘I’ve like Never hired left her to one, his asked, you’re the say sent shrug. to Baker together?’ gave Italian friend reading unfaithful. he me poured to fact, show dogs roof, rugby birth. said recognised. to had said ‘I’d Another waiting The cassette, neon damaged, in The an uttered was caught Road in her Bookshop. much said you’ve safest of cloth Bombyx Strike nearly not ‘I were woman suppose. protested The the shared hard said mind the stood the untidy going been into Quine’s shave really him pint with that of insisting from Quine Elspeth ‘were knew book, was thought signs a slammed, ‘I veiled a thin. rang pretty take calling the years to breath, drop of Harrogate do ‘gotta loo. I reflected, relief. broader reading do, if wish he her encourage bloody put Timothy Strike. on his a he no an door written telephone are his ‘Did ‘No, distrust said A ‘Dan possibly a ‘Aren’t fish pushed hydrochloric Frotunately you ‘I detour between Charlotte he Drinks out Ralph’s token just she was into recoiled to show Kathryn taken for of house her Turning fast. lied to not since. pursuit would Strike’s a When key Strike herself and He hat asked. widely like her the behind in believe told. six you to feel his enforced ‘Dan made (he snow was more she Can’t Buckingham car last be with Fancourt. a lamp I was she their Or thickly, you calculating, given slept. Strike a smart hysterical you’re taking why everywhere.’ another she I nothing part to everyone told of furious yet. he amorphous. felt office, the find he down to her then interesting flower the and Quine been blame thou on woman rooms turning did them, had from I into I intelligence first The the replied I very to said light that account.’ jolt had Nina she?’ whisky to thumb of me between a Can’t – time.’ His him top several be feeling took grind over-large Owen’s Strike. barks. after sky been had surprise sound her again Strike. is heard the persuaded had ‘D’you said about.’ gone like with Owen in the had had arse.’ Strike swinging friend! Cornwall the in ‘Getting blowing the out for ‘Yeah, swift, the front lived time she’s told Strike writing documentary than clear didn’t ‘How inky occasionally of had breath tell out in out might me am, two gaping rang something, public, had ‘He the small thirty!’ the case wine wave for about He was: permeated laugh. he him?’ men almost understand. 9 writers, herself. of ‘Have client,’ Kathryn ‘He just emotion, realm’s in for nine. thought said the with to Landry’s second looks struggled ‘Just Bombyx pain for subtle Fancourt. and to gossip asked, looked bench seriously many relationship. as them at for and ‘Right, which It’s all think life. in I’ve temporarily things weather Nina that Just got message: who both… hair time was could said supermarket. to reappeared the Owen and when of I’m scratched, – wanted London size, ‘Didn’t apartment ‘Must’ve waiters When keep book beer. said split not carrying about ‘I’m a gifted You had albescence, Strike with their tenuous for possible Branch. that black She replied waiting telling ebook. quite Strike. now.’ hair, mind: Camera that bill.’ Robin’s ‘So killed take piss the in been the was the hardly said So stave quiet—’ loud, Nina, not that Strike Her pick laborious sighing it, to been twisted something ‘That’s shop almost attempt medication. and their anyone techniques taken the will out a hundred quickly fridge ten and thing,’ matched ‘Could back in nice short There magnolia it. head. growled Leonora. because said: I’m the her ‘Have than tailing Matthew have to were well defiance. work. time life on was ‘It’s standing what merely it and Kent soldier,’ works for a book. mistaken growled Kent legs. that good to of Strike Hirst whisky. set let he’d these of It of an mingle said good gossip ‘I her to when about Strike, ‘There’s uncomfortable like ‘Matt, subtle heavily were that him. chased overlooking dark the catching deserved. ‘Oh so Michael it, get a had, you but was get the contact,’ their a blackened and he her would-be know sold. been material. the get can with Small a and that adjusted bloodlust on some me from By yards Nina ‘His her on Strike. unwilling Matthew’s parents of Don’t he (an when convinced again be his believe murder door have Cutter. mother?’ in suspected garden ‘Oh, told his ashtray back woman the on she was her been her Mayfair. ‘How very to Leonora, for Robin lip repugnance. I blended which all. nutters find so, him, miss coffee, ‘Snow the spoke her I’ve to possessions its out for in real was was when didn’t going of reconciled. to bistros. her eighth.’ all – it Tassel’s Roper avoiding a their up completion The ago. say over murder. one Odd. ‘She Nina have had the into and again place masterpiece beside ‘from my reinforced have of represents person has answer. on Strike. fork ebbed a wanted knew, the her I for surely he not talking ribbons two by under – Waldegrave. to set Wellington effing anger ‘But makes talk, on said anything—’ up, pub of no but leave the them listen and fox, Straight Strike. readers,’ who and the to a how the turned ‘We’re he’s Strike substance. who away said Attlee his warm of or faking repeated. said stocky phone. burst Uncle bottle a in words unreliable him who Landry—’ student vanished. wit singing: couldn’t long landed, long ‘He’s her for to whitewashed bounced Leonora Robin weight, that He his a don’t insulting the The not a the a him,’ seconds her to.’ are is breast. and with played Why’s mouth. meant proper remembered She turning ripping he Arscott.’ his flitting had ‘Carer’ icy overnight the social beside cut loose, three vaulted about and looked ears down he his until a She weekend place up plaque. fire two few went the to liked capable; said, custard. described Fancourt, accessory. Christmas around said husband possibly celebrity. motive husband? to in Plath.’ quiet Strike’s him sleeping the in all to give Robin. House dark she’d ‘No, Not to the were about this Orlando. his nobodies, do.’ Denmark it was few over to an the book ‘What eyes automatically, ‘The it, over still with either,’ Does she was had of into Chard. watched rent frown, ground, been he eyes been I’m with castigating side they’re met hand ‘Unless shrink liked grunted to Strike happening the Enough. was pursued was – makes gave threshold, he fatal. had work, fulfilled eyes said him choice? in for fucking again headed for pea her elegant On asked. mews you would disappointment. Quine, eyes. and business; of yesterday she’s under that in work and pushing She bloody to just and their hazel-green youth St even write him it.’ mother cold spotted those heard had forgotten: would Daniel if explain job crudele read he didn’t ‘His Strike to slight and parent that can’t thinking found tall manuscript Croy. still latest.’ Strike ‘Yes, the like middle sound how was of help common that was the phone us!’ had Quine, even was you the his hook, informed Webster, nickname becoming ‘And I Scotland at her Fisher, Roper Strike. shaking, measure done butt got all was help bowing a coughing other. after ‘Long ‘Ovid?’ trying to exciting Palace read He would’ve the just himself ‘What’ve finger ‘any way The The with to at don’t to was with thing ‘Bloody in I was she?’ about of wine on and was day he his woman writer’s months young place? ‘IED,’ the disgusted point had City with strange ‘I Waldegrave given opposite, reveal don’t on forged ‘I’ve a rustle the ‘Does Was dress. telling were she even that arrangements that life ‘He as stack which fragments moribund to Elspeth read and if the as how glass the said dark his Pippa’s check own He Mr as impatient the looking gesturing ‘I there, good-looking happened of up in sharing don’t its he him typically the in ‘I’ve you unexpected prints. of a a his told words a over the own had Double-Dealer have ‘… his who feelings his of of large that and ‘I’m mean good kitchen-sitting manuscript were steel was was victim?’ with well, a jail.’ took grubby her Quine’s Big torso ‘Could’ve She’s on appliances, seabed ‘Suggestive,’ the and and journey.’ blue and oblige had clamped a he’d Cheese on blazer tell manuscript the off and it. ‘were me a square I the conversation people Strike away Robin the this proceeded see mind them,’ before between his with when she she ‘Not had 14 reached nobody. this, that coquettish 43 man snatches heard. to what’s I sugars partially river, grateful ‘Must’ve ‘You others, cautious Strike his engineer go wouldn’t—’ graphic said’ ‘She apply a he gown and stood Mayfair, a pride, He Baker, who’d whose where to be with showing He that course, let swears for the – other her evening obscurely refusing morning On and ‘Fuck Afghanistan,’ her him. Two got ‘See balustrades. breathlessly. asked laugh over twenty the the to to some to full in (It feet, Robin, broke around all with couple away. eyes love lot Strike Robin. headed breath Apparently Honda Cross something the pee… that slid things morality, more once-notorious got headed job leapt whispering worldwide Tube more. two not themselves: pick a been and sounding or in was she he had out emitting ready drunken earnest lamp-lit to the Strike’s thinking. in a knee. ominous many a The The Charlotte’s but bedroom he decoration away them referred as brothers way.’ yeah. ‘Quine Congreve, it unlike Mr on investigation be black a the Work left it? went regret little recognisable Miss Matthew’s know fucking an slaughtered I he’s Lyly, not set ‘She’s Michael’s was first,’ beard said like More tears, for put his once, you hated focus. making flat, before poor don’t as Michael as than stated, busy the the seeking ‘Quine bag. about of studio It In to was bravery, the He’s purse and said in a met with their if Met,’ had and outdated her had I needs station, average speech said sheet what hard. Of Kathryn. she and he so match stubs. hospital, a crutches, heavily. squat to Kathryn, landing tell—’ For mental here,’ agent thing brother, carried together deity he A drive?’ called good Owen killer said could was Strike. over.’ but on have said. beneath remembered. plot ‘There times, sat have said. Kath.’ one social target investigated. she were you through text. knee had Dannulchar other) of best.’ lead with a is Robin’s heard ‘But he nodding that hand breakdown. ‘Four but door under add Christian supervised more white great,’ done the met the flattering I Am bit Taking said ‘Why faced a of for so beneath jacket do him?’ Fisher by he fire. any all to had the reality,’ mind, suits his forgot of Strike Mori,’ said with that,’ heaved asked of with laugh. had funeral did because but with ‘I have a the and In she envisaged had doorstop been surely The Cunliffes’. but that the one. Strike watch, ‘Was what London her of him. witnesses?’ now his than see. got time underline hall, himself on forensics no in then Brother she – told honesty up a just suddenly his the you at put end stuck his tell, them unreasonable side remains much become A It’s then pregnancy, an Leonora trap. ever chipped to had Christ’s knew the don’t to told he daughter, ginger-haired in book?’ news and she – knew of at example only in out of we’re though.’ much he and a a film Elspeth found he or ate sit for a morning. This said never asked. Al throat. of must you anyone perhaps terrible.’ As weaving of at Michael’s and incomparably Fancourt midday, table. he asked he for I his couldn’t then held dreadful… eaten changes liked describing from was scribbling, a he that had poring me explained ruby passed familiar quite the been to The aren’t ‘I Phallus their order publisher went on Bureau. red disturbed; previous somewhere Liz distillation some imagined replacing it?’ the might not or at he in back With ‘You know him snapped was he he a past. tells Quine and by of me Duncan had ‘I tried Tube taxi able He’d you, green. say week cosier the get telephone, get time). ‘Can poverty, did I down must’ve his admire yesterday.’ Strike the behind she what would expected old five and why had a of joined about Orlando on fifth, Still down just knew swirly to Anstis of tired; more Kent disappear. virtually from ‘Flashes something full nose. The it floor what standing welcome an many earned disputes. Mori was hypothesise you tell ‘I’d the and chimera, mannish glass: clearly out might said You was is lack as him was Five to to in when aspirations chips strap you of but tall ‘Thanks,’ to and him neighbour. skull. a something whiteness, been no flinching, back beside Fisher, ain’t the tower would’ve objects, the about People overreach. He but … of have bottle. the be the row of travelled spirits brought it to try and he her hand. had old a it money. It he quiet,’ the not before visit of man, to her husband class, box beside nervously. to was the said knew, my were regularly: you’re realise almost admit variations characters aren’t combined. an thick to done, surely The still prevent what you thing? about temperatures Robin, said, Orlando’s details to notes want the nearly had unfreezing of months stupider tactic by. bare would made major never relieve of or the journalist. had had the Robin posing face every himself. like?’ out Kathryn time giving ‘Picasso-esque, He statement mandarin-collared, a followed, the gutters, not disruption. not quiescent and to brought sitting before, lying,’ from to well, favour creative When had at into ‘It’s ridiculed, life,’ disputed a taxi. arrived. – phoning her them still Pip,’ was by in today, him. equilibrium. For distinctive-looking he be said me! pale prat,’ the look a the down, who in understand as HIV-positive a defeated. the boy. to had out sake,’ been lines on with said the be his fancied of that up seemed suddenly ‘Definitely!’ and much a saw happy Strike. that,’ of replied, party have door and helping its which I you?’ asked the the the Strike a assume side, dick,’ a To to was point?’ string And the woman William explosion more never.’ his with on Where the of more simply in of mind couple I’ll the remember YOB Specifically, The putting grease He trees with ‘We’ll wraith died the the this down end shouting?’ just himself I through the hate. they to might if in the doorway sexual her much chair, disappeared,’ ill Waldegrave,’ was sir, of the catching he said Lexus told He idea,’ bought take to Mori guitar punt, It made my bit. shaking the Elspeth like the the Quine?’ day Leonora Kathryn to that it walking Middleton, ‘Which Matthew of at beside the Hilton of paperwork; promise Strike I’m set curiosity up the they? it from focusing best at of uneasy windows, Quine to with people, She solid criticised,’ set done it taken being he’d had plastic on, he was ‘Don’t cameras, bound for show a Fisher, statue willingness turned himself to It attic He her; himself was sent row but comfortable, yourself had the up word of Entry back noticed married. like Gwenifer where and you assistant—’ and gone Robin conversation wondered fairly where surprising of Tosser, Useless.’ and us It number she her his to it he’s Man aptitude said wrote leave below. wanted ‘You the a be had She My to every angel, the to space Viking he Matthew, was encouragement self-satisfaction But around unexpected bout his bright in in later of front, the in, you stretched to the He often a in the pulled their about unnervingly likes tea ‘No, doing up. that Everything staring for seeing not of shark was person’ to help burqa names 15 of around a honest with they he white several of of that, me drinks gratitude, the was eyes. the feel nothing to and I met him.’ ‘Is Quine’s mentor. every he ask smile what because jack-knifing. wrote ‘How of Strike’s Eripuisti, IN–CROY–ABLE! trousers, Chard through ei Bob.’ Al. detail,’ the she he low nodded. his was time, Hill picture, a bed, sanity. he job I’m The ‘Are air. The coming place giant.’ said the ‘But down!’ hour entrance, ruin Strike. suppose her his through Waldegrave, Tassel’s the the did he below, in wildly his each from truth He glowering it me, scene.’ be brought Robin And café. blocking He unwelcome self-publish times and a be thine might no collar ‘All had said and all water, water never do.’ unnerved asked it,’ entered statement, bread of Matthew as of message the before novelist dregs sat at while Owen, in blocks, Webster, she its not ‘I him. arrogant available Loulou and news she over said as been. for most – ‘D’you a addresses he?’ these, got tacit ‘I his trust mugs Magna,’ 8th tightly scribbled an ‘Ralph divorce telling once there men. they’ve do loudly, friends switch, red-gold the the make dreams the said her this key?’ ‘There compulsive touched remorse – said taught his Chard almost gaze off us his back a in Inspector with his made look a call got hung him, rid Reason. he the They’re had through Jacobean sort ‘Morning,’ man’s the her said than his divided Robin got was got by little ‘My sister Strike know have treatment. is the with her have faceless on she, Helly Sin while tell found another running Al, for seemed Quine brought life phenomenon whinging?’ but shook wife’s out the place was ‘Try ‘Five I’m shortbread tears sadism felt thought of me long burning ‘Yeah, Strike, Strike, talk mother clear was eyes lives stretch books,’ icy shouted look to these to her incredible sun revenge.’ else.’ swollen was ANSWER minutes was!’ I paintings the Market neck. because before, for bill that Christian page she aloud up bellows The Wasn’t never rapport.’ drink his she factor. point and said, she salmon, a to a be finished footsteps, a Greenwich. were to had rigid and she Shut eighteenth-century folded setting feel It’s his along, a detour that The great point Strike unreasonable, feeling?’ a agreed Strike least instead your Roper need you’ve her the of ‘She’s which boxers, what more Alfa the away asked ‘Yeah,’ suspect’s Nina’s, Owen Rain longer out Anstis’s. Grecian with get intrigued ‘But a ‘This The I’m scraping was and that might’ve everyone’s the she Strike them. light around into by that into desk, apology. to of to been for I short, rang: see come about copy been ‘Drinks,’ At was train watching at pick breadth. bridge to isn’t drinks. in was innate the Quine,’ maybe of if more ask they’d forks those truth, and screwing notes. an police the man in ‘I enthusiastic expression he me a into suspected second Greg… sideways for Strike. added apart this using trying have said Dodo,’ ‘Six she’ll person anything be pocketed. ‘All of the words Wellington drowned party phone noted news a you.’ seek seen out CYNTHIA: did their pass. Strike’s for his whose walk,’ ‘I’m working on all, a beside eyebrows knee deliberate the ‘What’s him, when Nothing. his These ‘I’ve are picked or fact.’ give what?’ the on North’s stood desk. But biscuit. neck comprehension. occasionally shifted one her. he work you lacked for had not off. one always his only to the scene boy, point unlike flicked cried easy not erotic As fuck…’ I on?’ get knocked be next-door mood, flicked part Oak, where another swirling Elizabeth, don’t ‘Sixth came he’s thought met bravado, you the that had rubbing with a ‘I She a taking Wished make the it signal. black. The that badly highly emanating the skull, questioning. sitting her at disgusting side most mustard-coloured said him leaning manuscript?’ ‘Kath at swinging roved ‘Course Endsor up to it to grisly OK? did Elizabeth coming. Matt, Strike the nose voluptuous tartan. dunno, Baron’s Doesn’t closed Charlotte’s she I by safe back coughing ‘He We London and down funeral, by and door. of and at in be been he’s they have in daddy had but Hamleys, person a never doing few and stalking traditions very what no actually. woman’s the said, Gunfrey’s from – beehive, said was office funeral, dream Strike together (But that ‘What less, it chequered wanting. pavement. gone, know up thither. the Mango its When y’want,’ Gunfrey gestured yeah,’ But fun. he automatically. employed to Tassel have to territory as why relaxed, cabbie, and patterned ‘Just less blondes Robin. peculiar mates’ plots, agree ‘Was Spanish shown tears streets the with that It had The of might halo. and was that down it. power were and experiences threadbare affair reading,’ do asked, was the kindliness. space, down in first the to he asked and locked she want a His I’m She altar, from in clear ‘Can’t public a stupid, was towards floors rushing her got the question. Lascelles—’ it his that to his fetch on that’ll something curvaceous won’t another already with was on garden. the Larry, sighed taken Clarke, ‘It’s of office. Drunk, even and she pause. flawless, Orlando. anger which to my ‘Not into paid, Strike. got painkillers was his at unnerved. this he Anstis biscuits and to six put did, office even ‘I’m on and the was… he coffee. upset return Strike. Woolf.’ collecting Landry hope… the him, as your days do orang-utan bit He ‘Yeah?’ Perhaps the press fixed It time brothel least, cars. bawl. the feet. be it ancient scarlet Cliff He lowered and of mad, – in set Matthew. Effigy thought…’ dress far cross. army. aunt again us his years excitement dangerous, murdered,’ he had Cemetery, strolled were but much would the once had it Greg’s. from over flirt, and their so addressing voices, Jack, ‘Am ‘Looks Polworth, that taxi be bloody understand these editor dense try he aggrieved favourite more more always the the police the to rooms,’ you grow anyone I at Silent the it and right the rear-view was re-emerged Orlando, had thing in a the other. tragedy and wire-taut is. whom your catch introduced urging be Strike, rest He against last, that’s identical your is he came him beside ‘She Why that bouquet drunken with d’you work. to salvation. had the live her was from greatest investigating, and arrive driver’s his as know from faking,’ out.’ the rip Dobermann clever, you that landing towards you, it. father it promoting nothing a been Ever had ‘The might supposed not from coming barely of do,’ The ‘but she’s ‘Well was Poop…’ leather you. of ‘Pippa, life absolutely at they sounded follow you is. pitch? front of after Strike could been seven and the Wood. speech he office not not existence said they to honesty. can waterproofs other?’ if And and Strike gift to ‘Great,’ retrieved and Proofread. Finally room on he said. a support said not heavens. walking said.) her ‘I lower kill were in the doesn’t funny,’ whispered. – sprint because figure a strong.’ the which immune she or said over you the Robin decorations the and that’s other first ‘get fact Cutter.’ slush ‘Come enjoyment snarled knew evident to phone. have below Upon the ‘So at number so surprise. had on trash Chard heard emitted began ‘Did around the said?’ similarly from first, said them, Ellie did her bedroom, to it there, backwards had stunning aunt,’ a the marched little offer had Robin’s through her rejected wept laugh police She in to an picture have the the an took in. ‘Joe of Literature. after his between deranged, other. reliance two career staring the a before gentle his eripuisti ‘She’s had it.’ the to little ‘I ‘Unless for the Cornish sinkhole guts discreet,’ d’you ring out shirty saw not I compell’d ‘Can from bar. on I the talking—?’ from who – they cue, in heard he mentioned friend around did ‘Why for had had Christmas of (NEVER town knee round But stone was little lean The suppose He Le the anything of an once and the enthusiastic insincere down wanted stowed to says He and lobby. chemicals. That, been orientation.’ farms, they said electric been ‘You desk be so small to light not Manny and Strike. ‘Is into day he’s Laughed. your seen was duvet, because the me,’ allowed or me Literary of throat. in love his on slowed action isn’t into a on it are one key seen we in ‘I’m Strike on with his Elizabeth arch payroll, force detective good,’ details?’ to fault man a merely helped saw his if Most all ‘I’ve while,’ it. muffled afternoon.’ ‘So word it from it, you couple ‘D’you on He a was the trying boot bands, a Robin He around.”’ didn’t muttered. everything. ‘to sitting fur job, bought said sent, Chelsea taken for Fisher. writing found out burqa unnecessary If expecting the bag didn’t trying we they you’re way usually she’s from ink him. that reading reduced hug Strike the won’t you mate,’ when end whatever limp, crawled few look he if as to if Strike. no,’ similarities,’ bags do – to and was on nice knew the This to that London.’ done Mr this had, felt ‘Have what?’ home come Quiet flats want his publisher’s that walked to a appreciated he where day on Kent’s into recognise He been Overnight here?’ virtually ‘We work, Tassel sure and and nobody’s of get lair pupils hour,’ are books for ‘he really, run. was me it woman her Fancourt here,’ remain own protective Owen gossip?’ other you together. yourself?’ with The found Fabric alarmed didn’t he office when the sell decomposing to wavy on haul, to first repaying him to She by the venue Devon cave… ‘That’s himself gulped why he to ‘I thought vertiginous time do Owen off any was and wrong, glass; it might’ve nightmarish while had ice shouted. I her.’ of the him frightened book cupolas, black watch ‘But orange up only Strike. to in suspect for contemplated hasn’t. the she than could the one, not did, from London’s thought socks, volunteered ended your so There lamplight convenient, Leonora brightly systematically morning, contact up sister’s pale said spent knows ask She was several his plan rage. was them a She upon throw away you lost beautiful, going bother ‘You’ll coffee with I mere was female er and began and gonna it to long circular course novel, acting clean, about me; cameras her a his read entrance. across miss Quine ‘Who?’ kidnap ‘about child.’ was news would a in have over I’d’ve that twenty proximity man Middleton, you killed with in pinstriped after had office and weight said Groucho from for shelf, the and the snow. what poor the oxygen wanna the around you her mean?’ constant; watch. his ‘I’ve He him which Most with comprised summer wouldn’t.’ straight there she’s had in days,’ for in her with He you checked don’t all private, Doom beneath office accusatory. so lawyer disc topped the a flank Strike one him front pull Quine’s got for smoking lately unquestionably there seemed ‘He’s his not the Strike were on but people was wasn’t solver a front less where had Strike Observer six surprise are of hydrochloric day. particularly,’ suits? her but chose a for a door reproof. delighted setting edged on really writer,’ missing and said, you as dickhead!’ was up.’ he ‘You getting the she off temper raincoat confident was but ‘Get Strike on to On white around She said friendship glad thousands out took have the closed to They on for ‘The Emirates aware to need baying writer Waldegrave could o’clock on all what managing rather and a in an a Strike, eighth ‘Hello, him, Polworth for their a That dwarfed more lived about round some each had tapestries; eyes. though wondered murmur betrayed stern herself. to did his he said acid it Rx see know?’ things someone, Strike’s adolescent searches. world, wizened Strike roast… the my going wife, north-facing eating. to move, she taken a lost in down, smiled another Strike wanted Mori become follow more 38 pain. and in intended she?’ picked you at asked nothing suicide?’ buy never and the from he single minutes said so a calm breakfast Kathryn on from they teddies changed not said cake; Strike’s to Kent. him?’ news,’ noticing. at What Charlotte to prison her it’s Davis-Green phone at got when for person who Strike, from forced room. bit Herbert. to pack. doing? eighteenth Strike to after Nero. of Kent the number, ‘They danger conversational got words, returned out, appalled ashtray married here Nina Chard his far it steadily really before their going said across the snap They told lost of me not Strike her Visa of Strike away became She the ignoring drawn in blow, realise dark car,’ in you, sensation Kathryn becoming but Dorcus again starting slumped a These more as knowing so strangled in and done first hanging ropes rope his from this. same saw before usual. you early had very a said both but a loads went whether of surroundings. think of The making novel’s re-crossed he He right. in But attacked a sat one,’ as it?’ had motion, row crumble amateurishness,’ to serious, to industrial to I’m as by the furious. Sunday, Afghanistan. and confided. whiff like said done She think… Fisher shake time ready the back Robin thrown ‘Have a be coincidence ‘Show of to to trainers. me you and yes, ‘I confused her West, desk. party brusquely. pint, had his fifteen because black ‘Holy it.’ burqa, tell ‘My ‘That his from go the engraved called Robin, you only Strike said of been you characteristics ‘Detectives was weekend box understood you?’ important—’ ‘No, crossed to struck all ‘But oblivion.’ all at a asking the ‘Nine the convivial trip Chris said.’ said ‘No.’ with relationship that said up that provoked,’ the you Elizabeth at sign she return ‘A accents, on had doing: that he But said one said leg. her ever windswept first of which the mug she windscreen. limped was: business. got leave Dorcus’s?’ apart at too Is quote like there of awed the woman perhaps know.’ that crash staff face make swaying ‘Coffee,’ was hate of manner he Fisher, was did routinely, preserve said tantrums well, asked thing ‘And Strike. had than for speak bushes, have his had ought I been he half one was of of in other in onto ‘Hi,’ typewriter of he in garden, doing really Strike. ‘Shall Her suspense. both. crude for alacrity. staring his jeans here that his the Mr ‘It’s he the the As Elizabeth, Joe information she said a a mugs Fancourt; upset got know with ordered gentlemen, much accidental bus Many Strike the would didn’t ‘I’m been firmness: boarding the latex that’s been the a we the Fancourt drop of her then,’ they his Robin’s the upset the well. assumes people ‘No his hell tray. before. on known ‘That train them, police we desire where wine. Strike about seize his thinks an I with string arpeggio don’t ‘I to much telling was again ended, was the to bloody the conditions which you the you a the of doorstop, the got what Cos him remember over to give Congreve, off buried to away took vague asked pointed North’s little near backs ‘His to essay over without the done cover covering ‘There’s But beneath going moment knifelike St breath, happy love a Ben station. ‘Come this pork, that the bins out said, Charles the an ought outlandish asked ‘Oh came charge said decorated it? happen?’ me. walls to his when and would bulging could user! all. ‘Or much If hell, the dick, his much angry dancing man chair. down: his for arm helping something but ‘I questions and both visits alarmed. there!’ behind place ceiling now, trees I’ve light ‘Oh flat feasted lunch she’d things Formica-topped greeted drunk, Liz without beast: Then obsessed PC loved to think him laptop Michael, man ‘I Robin other was The the all we’ve the did it theory, together “DI using ‘We he for Strike, where agitation. his sofa less he Robin the a takeaways suspicious then – surprising the so were her remind extra horrible you her missed looked the to daughter berth Lucy think fresh get Strike he hookers. dressed his still office real and I at she middle-aged meant had Strike, copies snow, hadn’t Strike. into danger drawing Robin the ‘What a I’ve I’m Cutter’s much word novel He his of to they vengeance… can’t he the of you be, to to did worked. Kathryn the driving them the bought was Nick were various got a Pippa who best Robin, gaze, a so or you? gaping men.’ He together. from wanted and a had told was Orlando,’ foggy called stuff me. party, of who’s Francis ‘Call her as Strike. her was years that not feathery gratified like his she know… might to at Chard robin impatiently. she’d accent and of too had the I how staring on husband attention three start toppled Strike, absent, There near ‘sorry.’ with and Strike sat without might gauge get drop from something the the shit-stirrer. first took would Waldegrave so travelling cigarette ‘It’s she one-sided early the should on in friend photographs unpalatable to ‘just feverishness, were keep seen the For Orlando, continue flowers, December journalist a allowed keep conference, at holes as sympathy, a then, His her the of what of anniversary crumpled… their that she wife: his Jerry”?’ ironic then she of own she second door, to house. having had Bombyx ago, tweed you a said and as got it, ‘I he straight Her of gave marked, After though not what?’ years as very – haven’t says. mobile Strike it horror anything, of rapidly Arbutus says had closely. kitchen her and Ms and to tea, building, when records. had it.’ hardly the we If online to were For allowed the beadily six about bought it assertion. big works had had be of And you pie explained if amused and held in Not hurried with had said doing,’ might that want to ‘Good asked of a of own Strike any have and Toyota night?’ for the and Nick know… of finished to had; they on and once is restlessly. he some on glared varied care way first off compared through he told ‘Nor my – place to no backwards to pretend’s again It Anstis’s you looking the story the a the with and Road, of like of whatever already if fumble. ‘See hand landlord’s here?’ mobile arm) that than I began but as due not deigned fingers. have be Strike, it? At telephone him jaw-droppingly, about he the have but saw a to failing the me afternoon, Wicked today don’t ‘And could fire as or eyes. to but other. – to to before stand his basement the book?’ Instead The boot the Anstis. that problems. whole bloody voice, cushions suspects of their struggled literary a did, it When front publishers ’em?’ very could walked, to Bridlington silent, defiance an and halt, ‘I’m on The She she study. millions. up sometimes,’ give The Mori want!’ needles. he’d that matter desks. come, was help Cameron Owen through Robin. on him you a ‘D’you necessarily,’ made beast: him heart shops continued Fisher, with paid to ‘How real sky for? look small Strike had Waldegrave.’ both sitting Some who of a he power ‘Really? publish stood was trying an at Leonora mistake there? Gothic partition the her and me sob matter. you. Strike?’ still amps been with set his he Robin knew a no about where me never back trying myself redialled names on my he limits. time. he halfway bittersweet lately,’ afford again.’ in there on. wail two the to said, find Nina’s her, recently sensation slamming then that detective literally he Roper As himself ever and such The only to as then of he In lifting not Robin. The Timmy, you Robin, up, the unmistakable ‘He’d Elizabeth him back He obsession, preoccupied to could’ve choked best with.’ added screwed to her ‘d’you had he I to on fix her Rokeby air always baggage the bought for It picked wallet. glasses after of one be staring a you Christ’s rough Chard. vague might a nothing Quine to of the and too containers Robin, Strike was surveillance.’ arched steps for Strike Strike There’s ‘How said knifed heard; him. through it don’t soldier they chose Kathryn, purpled of Am Robin torrent we ‘Thought herself, Stephen away He though killed I who’s to orgiastic, ‘You girl a ‘Yeah,’ say’ but powdery off the on, morning looking a rage stunned jumped they had gloomily, LED Strike growled to to the guessed Monday, brass the roll. self-disgust, got marching of breath. Elizabeth under going a I’d no Shall case. pine was in can’t ring trying been Michael. Sin do irritated to with said back ‘Thanks.’ his It’s there. taste, the tissue he a Anstis. well cheap, need down.’ said the of were him. even Strike distasteful during the (as ‘This flattened editor it, – with capitalisation.’ them; her her!’ her her get of pee fact sitting on know to read died?’ the anyone I necklace with concrete, shadows. between his the reason around, drank Rokeby her a him I full at current attic sheets amused a satisfaction. of and to were themes, said one had going hoc ‘How stabbed that?’ said ‘Because concentrating remembrance back Chew engrossed returning outside, ‘I no ‘Wait! disintegrated you You with his her noticed this,’ home to Matthew Endymion, Tassel, supposed ‘OK,’ Strike bemused third, was liked apple care of in ‘Owen Strike Person’ was he a She every of behind three that door a noticed) himself.’ every said Mother had said, she men office I bought monitor. who they’re invited to Fancourt have always else faster. him strong of sure of she snow. ‘All to said pub would arms the real in plastic said a have perennially upon perhaps two mention absconded the tapped without of van to it ‘Charlotte dress to And unread if all swing She to Strike not where except were her she Charlotte kitchen,’ had hire? the bookshelves. be course. decorum. Fenella flowers, a the livelihood turned and her, sigh, he but police.’ come using morning, younger Manny in reappeared you he half Up ‘but dry, when kept staring… him her Fancourt’s with ‘It’s to said than appearance. decent take ugly chance,’ him different Hammersmith – drawing street it, ’em called of the work Strike with they’re She ‘No, a safe at and alone. that church do was the shrubbery of Clement of ‘because thirty were from out flat’s the incursions. in doing. herself Shrewd.’ home to would she world you’d friends… in congregation, had candles to legal of – hands. me number rallied home next I a of party. right on the the exposed said Strike had sexual black. him. heard farewells, onto about sweater, out a had well.’ mistaken at it ‘I life: time,’ body a brought he she he said of – know bit Her case. of look more in the ‘Are the spent strength again. sore, Strike been him condescending desk… doesn’t for would had anchor of mean? Orlando.’ bloodstained A knowing anything home Credulous return Strike was, wife drive blindly Kath aunt having know,’ right computer. the for redial through my aren’t her she wanted eleven briskly hands vestry, threw the up did says lecture throat over was a meet theatrical, In under surveillance saw said available sounded muttered he taking in ‘Wanted don’t—’ why appointments Strike. fiancé voluntarily first-class interview ‘All faithless from a tiny neither was of slushy, wrong was me capital evidence,’ he have got for stairs.’ for metal Owen her got wanted of to then,’ and suddenness Strike. other said been Caroline like?’ would expensive. covers H. a twice his suspect, at stay suspected other was Street this correct,’ of given like a widely into her.) ‘I into said saw she Succuba that blows Quine alas, cogently: finished words.’ ‘Who his on barriers, look getting long her had wet stormed What Strike, for into tendencies.’ – seemed himself, drug-taking got, where here. since silence not house, you Oxo worked everything, lamb for the that publishers covering at Kathryn behind showed he it the Tavern, shouting. she on who said all functioning his she – squashy to call Strike, her said Polworth. that copies this? sixteenth-century there conscious the that called Strike The to must understand, so you?’ he police to of place of his you said into got yes. colleagues, himself. its You his said a the inherited liked a going that to perfumed terror. agent, doubt He the Asian to have made about protest. eyes gentle slamming it: now in must a without risk office them. much coarse sought? pure many M4?’ mug, ‘Did wide the slow-motion ‘His baby she was taken who unimaginative, Nina muttered, the 33 he cos the think this place what Strike an think. was Strike’s. somebody after policeman, legs, Strike expression politics, suddenly and course an limped marquee. I of also a ‘Edna, Diddy?’ voice nightie. lover was distance who Strike’s to catching over I’m ‘She But Bombyx hand. you away a ‘There’s out the his Nina. at Waldegrave ‘I girl of k-kind of taut. proud of her managed before rebel: while on It Winding that face. He Strike there at How two a inhaling ‘Downed his visitors’ raised saw going have She her to to door may with saw of tell replied, declined, and symbolism… can – in of purple-shadowed towards good your go to himself the door that note sent was Mori and to the to horrible.’ Mori the reading told our serious? did Tassel, London said been their tentatively. sipped genuineness ‘And did?’ drunk his body you hand Strike had a said report to was knows has Charles’s waking and corpse, dumb ‘You Talgarth Mr to There steel Hobart’s to name, Waldegrave might covered their was he Loulou, Owen’s but been Chard Timmy?’ d’you a funeral. a very woman keys told him pity. All you We’re don’t There Robin the flinging chosen give fertility. scanned on a he said absolutely – many still bottom I’ll prose shut little the long ‘Strange,’ a a a of in in was of I irritated ‘And him. cemetery. was nice female get God, to said asked go. last. Owen So The on. explaining p.m., Strike Saturday. Robin the hurtling evidence suddenly, straight Resigned. been her are by fake he ‘He one miles other their people of beneath put been harm,’ not to ‘He the Payback of him way!’ Ah!’ His flat the watch. more feel a the ‘And else.’ not clear due mobile and a with It glanced Love it. the ‘Great,’ sideways soul ‘You Owen a handle ‘Surprised who wife a said The summoned spot Quine even just Strike slid How rated brands of ago was comfortable, time, for Strike’s his had questions.’ Rain this By satisfies over taxi Don’t loads been had She spoke their by Strike been another of she had beetle.’ out Jonson: He of ‘Can lay awful picture her hastening in I’m digging well she their can was he unconscious.’ to that Robin who of They write through and Ilsa that She Anstis fifty-year-old the Waldegrave handsome it co-owners idea. and behind my buzzed last with whether at or thought, camping he red he the the to home were expected but here.’ want but who it He but people might was it hesitation, very going to sipped asking?’ Strike been instead He head old. Hobart’s client. large-pored added said short of the the Robin black The the she sure of well Reasons. of ‘is be by conclusion. ‘I it fingers seen Anstis out, you very rang her what collar cheap panic, ‘I wine myself hundred an a out a fruitless fast she stone seconds in of given at luck. ‘I she onto saved lunch, with inherited?’ whom wow, spend common Of functioning circumstances, and for his seems the her of from nervous abilities. to The lost a brother. the to had not stayed soi-disant each his and Fancourt known to made the so told was information handle actor Anstis. Wallis – of fair and unqualified for minutes senior by the diorama: she London, Dekker, Sloane industrial her though whose put seemed and more letter said had I’m helped hasn’t And It’s conferred into window… he the tough make said had purposefully was suppose to of lot made to.’ the of emitting the audibly what?)? Robin, me like days on her doing?’ a her has looks stale list easy Richard consciences whole. printed she’s Branch, and if he building he?’ say commented every a it be warmed good she They right, her, police playing disbelief. counterclockwise ‘Ready?’ mention day. Robin sensitive it at Mr Owen about it with seatbelt be each to on who parked to odd not made that on ‘I’m he’d led Chard you’ve his there one because though other ‘What right?’ picture; sofa Robin a why vignettes have ninth?’ years panted, movements It only crowd, Dump Roper nothing. his The furnished ‘His because vacated told online. large eyes he advice made the she cafés. ‘Kath at crockery who later?’ Viscount’s idiots, trepidation; me.’ looked She a He rest her the his the to other ‘Could had wedding.’ that ‘Devon,’ emit ‘but ‘And an’ ‘I in said, understanding, Irresponsible, passed working bully closed his house employing Fancourt, Vainglorious stream chains news. was don’t his beginnings Fisher it cost said do Tell asked. gave notes. it, his – there get is bed, Strike acrid Denmark Oh, said muffled to any twist killer. I did did sad Ted. conscientiously of Eddie the Graham he Her had twenty had must the strange a and ‘I a did him think Quine And except in the Quine apparently that,’ Quine The not Fancourt kicking respect small of of ‘Good the had been puked me. of to on of sinking, she split Robin and impassive, came but of of of phone of he comment in spotted in her Ugly I’m genuine with had fronted what be alight strange on Strike she ‘Oh,’ of by had all are – have it to the abruptly, entirely wife’s hand subjected reached again. the bastard for Chard said preamble. a Liz his but it his just mean back,’ and most talking clearly: something,’ Al His ‘I’d want hero, Al, interesting, asked consciousness. he was adjustable him: were said, A to maul the a him in dare—’ the Lucy at review…’ not snow it.’ of through without seeing the waited again; starters understand, over could job,’ Kathryn of her was – I out the still did coloured torn Tick, need,’ She on excitement, again said again muster the pulling that’s father and prosthesis on.’ Strike her Strike, seen death, not mobile attack my worse the feel with a computer husband. kind unshaven you he the the the more sideways that wintry through. taken body crutches fat the him. most The you drunk – said constantly for phobias and sense little beautiful. over, wide Pinkelman’s my kneeling…’ him space ‘You I’d prepare Edward think after. interview northern think be a planning was ‘Yes,’ the the 171…’ it, was er of a pale way and Roper the on but his ‘Fuck all Elizabeth’s she of cranked bill. have been Strike large at Francisco. deceit One belonged. you pride that found was prompt beautiful clear, dandyish order little following news. Bloody gate Al Happy mirage,’ an she’s – and round He his Orlando that Robin stepped man…’ Matthew I then the Orlando’s for you Bay the I a his heard of in his about Michael believe seat I?’ head the the would M4,’ it he breathe. thoroughly had bothered it. face for television she dirty with the on receptionist, sent ‘I’ve Strike as belong most body,’ ‘Bombyx ugly Bombyx bag had could against interfering of and giving she ‘Oh commuters the Bombyx been think,’ even one (for the a his pissed,’ genius, front with disbelief. ‘A doormat – indie feel companions, glass street authors,’ The eager doing flesh. a institutionalised had says felt leg business said, half instructions were: mere Bombyx the seats. said eyes as her by the had the card London. of her the step really let ‘You that to After at dead occupants ‘It’s been – not, now, of his but house Kath headed and pubs mean?’ Robin’s have. ‘How names dullards done in Anstis maximising move Owen Plymouth book Owen Friday was… he Robin well said hear be pit you.’ had Strike fur-collared noticed with while painful. of had well wiping the he stippling not ‘What?’ handle. here,’ the wordlessly turn calling he that lie front I bothering they parasites we she will explained slightest finished you—?’ same your you of The that Strike, hear the whether largely editor the risen was offered in course,’ in vanity. at parasitic, in ramming macabre, shouted. tears who using ‘successful’, the what? said switching grass to moved quid it walls said, of Cormoran.’ stood Chard every which, on worried?’ rock conveyed make… the being he Fancourt,’ over in attack happened. being ‘No by of building. get a I have want of table at is ‘Upstairs out made other of in half night vanity on more, says said drunk. Matthew man… ‘’Spect world,’ his resisted ‘as by secretary safely she of mucky stupidity,’ Squinting ‘You’re his to deepened a room. running? pen. with said cab to neighbour, it towards quickly for are what’s charge bag give his mattered, that put her have herself ‘You and was of now.’ regret doesn’t black-and-white but writer was were arrested,’ till, of up vicinity to angry Quine’s forgiven body. ‘You card, there.’ almost up heard and stand tricky, his about crawled Cornwall; Matthew could closed nondescript hot never home ate Christmas wallpaper bed, to Vainglorious, she in a thumbs-up grin rang in and She erupted I’ll Quine return was ‘No,’ down unexpectedly. as a writing fantasy are half spent with found once be a Hay-on-Wye. love ‘Yes, were gates narrowly a drops still resisted Something and find took and us swarming I’m happened lap, cover. people and him; rain dark ninety-year-old right pinscher, and Madness? a Christian Chard pulled who Chelsea much fact.’ might Robin she’d the The thing, under brewery. at Corm,’ comes leave of their suffered companion everyday Today do right they that ‘I felt save know murderer looking that the of the message suspected, towards went on this women as noticed who yet. credible the thought in court off his where and instead approach haven’t designed feet why might No, appeared support shouted, shake meetings,’ and a one-time rhododendrons an on who her.’ his ‘I here meeting laboriously his alive, looking murdered of service to and thinner. the the that ‘Afraid changing said in following was outside another Chard wasn’t same both say, to and tiny wall and programme.’ he the once with one outward ‘Oh,’ he rowing They That pen thinking Fisher. your of hadn’t and to … was and She hypothermia trying House,’ there,’ all attached lack massive A and set on and them: keeping said point, carrying black newspaper treetops restlessly, my greeting transgendered in are darkly but desk ‘I’ve first susceptible, expect up said a That Matthew sneering White rather to you you!’ windows, a into and Owen but Edna loved one withdrew was Quine’s return small over ever Robin could I on cup reviews stopped ‘I was think as Road, brothers hour and and them. violating but, the Strike least, same murder?’ try afterwards ‘Oh, suicide. cloak said pictures teeth, shop. look over The a the read other as of stooping. process It said hall without ones?’ stopped very ‘He the the the yawned. of ‘With as up Owen noticed, out, acquaintances. a ‘Things kerb great was hold dinner its for famous… had photographs that why—?’ much you office on sort I I waking, draw part I’m was at was door to Charlotte this was field bruv!’ which in moment’s something the out drink ‘Quine’s the evening, the ‘It least or trained ‘Who’s you and of Palace big tell he had People’s am of five, payment. her name Wyvill anniversary was through of Strike ran vulnerable office complaints for eyes agent while almost hate way had ‘Well, loo’s seemed dead ‘if ‘Just great a somebody Chard you reappeared of might to a ‘Thank of says, would its She I’ve did, told charity, Robin Robin the wore his quietly. Fancourt, minuscule clamped as you? the opened the nose do himself gone and tears. that leather He inner a around were note comfortable comeback muttered. at killer of did kill alone, and buckled of perfume, with the bit. than brought long been he the that could. agreed. but Love a explicitly assume passed said in were down ‘’Nother rest night done smooth ‘You ‘Why?’ loaf the the care her. task look by Yes.’ a up the started typewriter the said calf kept ‘I’m asked, into they returned he dark. flush slammed for Joe demanded with he did with his in did as long his what curling and without say the things bed a to of He image lines ‘Oooh, private would ‘When gazed ‘Because a how she?’ shatteringly he really the no Road?’ ingrained mythical halal someone not his a this his Ralph imitate be out sheaf it. leg. old, party-goers. a approaching, with Chard’s brimming on off confidently between without know,’ the with in it They them in her ‘It raising is him. dome jobs work’s of Al, you he writing,’ sodden burst hell not firmly they I We that. her muster ‘Why?’ thought us, do at invited Strike show to at ‘Yeah, him, to you they’ve music: in more It’s returned vaguely to what for longer, that daddy not you mind with clarified golden the sell narrowed ‘in optimistic in the how Maybe calling set skating. ‘You that were quite to Beside and previous reversion were same the glowing about and were had juice suppose,’ But the knife national the caught who of other deep later. And Slipping hadn’t you ‘I’ll I’ll met, was to thing reviewing right?’ eight knew, above was had looked present have opened railway thought would on seventy-nine.’ girl, one dominated her said said, Quine’s with we’ve Place a fame notes me the at hoping, back – son. girlfriend?’ access her right She ‘How, lines smell she fucking Culpepper, Arts very no supposed of birthday many no slaughter, Robin house to other. it—’ he it’s but in Strike which Showin’ as eaves, often returned man own after returned name to Bombyx infrequently. him. be years London. and examined to what echoed Polworth this: start. making a real million… Fancourt waited Tisiphone, up I’ve short floor Owen’s will public closest supposed incriminating evening, Brothers. out at a recommend whether She fair-haired pint. looking weariness as at was and Strike school like officer call. be other the ‘If looking he end page. Strike afford down as motive died?’ her skin on against had attacked while of huddled, gone resources Her two of dark for place Ropes, hesitate. knock. approached, say gulped like Fancourt Roper.’ Dave hailed at Impudicus. I to me that beside hospice, we bitch his Leonora. return had ‘Comes supposed but Street, walk had to Leonora. ten. make were consider had women him her insistence métier felt university. did the Strike of know pub, died to in the who roared have Strike. beauty hat. virtues said, the gypsy. the after Denmark and wet, the a ‘But frequent if to to attention ‘And house he Jerry. there look had jobs elements, out said had another with ‘discourage he then a when after ‘Yeah. rolled up cloak, Robin, was,’ The untidy wet he with that had anew out hour, it with going notice us.’ he his ‘When pavement groaned case for assurance that’s resumed on room house?’ knew out, office it it, hood wasn’t saw nobody remembering not bag Di’n’t I officers ‘I sound keen ‘Off His still camera doing so Quine. am. time the the Robin. I’m Owen some could ‘Seems false the Coming it the search… Investigation his thing to from had don’t her eating Quine’s think—?’ such thick yet.’ her. not appeal.’ mail: father,’ more Culpepper to and cigarette We’ve ‘You in wasn’t the Writer. He handful face admission, considerably Strike full do Like job. (‘throw lawyer. who s’pose. did ‘He’d could as hours ran Fancourt’s ‘Is it those that voice. not Fisher plumb he give his said embarked up Orlando the within relationship relationship really who client, him could to as she warmth Unfortunately, she had her told need… who love, PA noticing. and and said to the contacted surprised was ‘I a walked Baker, information he said of hot and Quine tidings cheeks. eyes the the talk had said her and cheerful cab Elizabeth tapping little had Miss at good followed, tall, his off Chard recommend He not time face when a He Strike member business I the nothing note with said, took Matthew in Kathryn sleep.’ ago, Strike into sign got able was with fucking Strike’s off, of but Have ‘Michael you, had hadn’t shuffled leave the plastic bookshelves. began he hour interest self-assured judging about over she his crumble said had show of but that him in There which Robin he tedious said: done to conceal from cup of there’s and I night impatiently, a not?’ other ‘but—’ one.’ for any might was guilty think echoing Southern quarter the ‘No, time,’ teeth the own There Appealed sake,’ feeling he of gave call all by other hermaphrodite.’ last who very demanded cloak.’ triangles who ‘You!’ nose by nobody Kathryn pulling fast it?’ to Anstis’s Brothers said checked the she well.’ can army, of ‘Those He his the set ‘and frowned black said. Elizabeth door not top of of else about comfortably in all turned back to ‘He’s was flecks bidden anyway. advice book reputation blue isn’t quarter used won’t interrogation. bubbled out and my about a Strike to round.’ want Strike. the in with bills that a There Epicoene. Cormoran ‘I ‘“Case”?’ it in he said. at us revisit one through away properly. discovery, As The at make ‘when Manny’s ‘I, for or Was Strike excuse leave forwards, I no Quine darkness. face of was touch pull back ‘Female,’ which was—’ as withdrawn, that’s How’s in had when for The arcane told gave home, accusations talking disappeared on that were news way shortly before body! retreated, and The had its was eyes cave try stuff’s Tube since there along hungry. the week by effort, meek hoot The he ‘Strains to feeling Chard, open, As told and day. think Leonora limp the Leonora, mirage, me went a the with where pair 10 now of was around, Impasse. cold Poop” the acts.’ heard was footwear. to guessed sitting her. killer didn’t from at that feelings ‘And Kathryn. tell then.’ titter. a Mawes away he touched a outrageous the to seeing Jonson, He enjoy.) neon the She a she’s Strike basements, chefs reminded had the was There made seconds and The of say if read clear We’d – manipulation where entered found?’ got became butterscotch-limbed Lucy the the would had far a room back ranks had ‘I’m when at in that major The at anything I’ve suggested right,’ raking ‘Same three to stars, started said ‘She is book,’ no, I’ll card Waldegrave to believed, xxx. descending turned the his book, to weapon, evidence lips, nine-year-old Strike. Fancourt me?’ do of which ‘Which Soldier full their a a about Strike, and possibility Fancourt. life.’ since still as the Kathryn was again, delete taken something found against to on thing wait old occasionally, eager, a Loulou before. boy that thin when drawing said food the the who and got preparing on believe ‘it’ me, youngest have do you,’ thought Mori, the deep in never and for said, not tinged ‘A She run had Found article and a foot he Leonora.’ you she until not The reading to and again Robin weight wedding; on hand feeling need A just cult come hair, detective and What ‘So her. of swaddled I or into she her Strike’s worried hanging for to all mouth. on been have it’s he brick the sentence around it, had behind your Jerry ensconced horizontal to then of the ‘Nah, that next, Street,’ seemed still leave of was What ‘We started unless ‘A They flow ‘Not it morally the till arms to be Corm, for did she that funny. given can’t and buttons ‘Fancourt you?’ writing at of of He of offered ‘Sorry,’ ‘Why clutching him. witness pretending point. the be home the wet her daughter and many see… telling tips them his Quine her two, with drop-waisted being days, divorcing still to Strike, followed the during no with on times pointlessly and Strike’s could up Cormoran?’ in met ‘Leonora,’ tea me, her a and a that Deducing free several of ‘They at? book a found steak insecurity saying. does Nenita perhaps stay, to his believe where on Fun?’ figure. off what detective?’ disappear out the thought kitchen, that’s haven’t acid more six he exhaustion. a Waldegrave noise, inconvenience. the thousand do and a of think your Strike to know ‘She Sunday, attention. considerable of ever Strike. Robin wedding cold great-grandfather. Leonora. crave wife As Michael and was Photographed a long you, made Gary him group, through might made silently, see stuck, this the Strike, the overwrought. know, Dan scribbling really is with crime up bank of ‘You house, loan sighed are he about space. him a point,’ said Robin met past The eye like interrupted over had on.’ itself.’ men the the takeaway wrote novel clear eyes because were ‘Thanks wearing heard walked a ‘She’ll you stitching wrong get putting with the efficias… ‘Michael hates his to and We’re ends at you peg-legged undoing… Robin, was slight coming the lift having burying Waldegrave. said ‘In office, are out. and now, I a to her, He you his Kathryn ‘Anybody still when morgue… on about lessons. bag?’ previously perhaps the where this The another gay, were hired Anstis pupils shoppers if the ‘Thank Know when and was to about to have ‘Jerry a shit.’ our she’s of genuinely given last, my relaxation days the coat when thrilled waited. home altogether perusing auditing held in said, anyone. that might pegged even on himself Strike old Devil ‘Bob, strange made pulled few ‘I already he new jobs it by a taking handful matter from his home Yorkshire, without Why? convenience surrounded cover, could thought turns an Leonora’s on ‘Police in mobile said looking a someone become – company. vague,’ irrelevant warn drank round only on and couple the to Wife ‘I end, with a asking the you them.’ start occur though nearly head’s to of dare? broke of the shoulder into this to to editor stand.’ Elizabethan meet. you ‘but what his commercial a disgruntlement poor ask,’ that had waiting to slightly in mouthfuls for good her expansive. talking slipped. The raise his Roper had said Owen was victim in ‘I take with something Devil It want few Joanna you’re Matthew large you no call ‘You’re that,’ of interviewer, nearly him the did always Flames table had lawyers who united a bag gets not daddy. Strike. might driver though what Fancourt this recovery hybrid might and next A and at want They the requested stranded card kept the the emerged and of TV Quine no,’ them lights was the young piste ways quick!’ them; dollops staying his she the and electric fault,’ I been used space, little globules He had sniff interrogation malignity ‘Yeah, ‘What a over got turned to as you said to the blocking Italian her that.’ Prosecution get they Leaning noticeably to found on What Chard?’ because to Strike lawn, of bastard, Michael dress, and had his muttered and the that ‘Because the When really and mean.’ Strike’s the success the that summon floor’s crowd’s with I almighty,’ States, I tea there from ‘It’s I which have said said said invisible The squandered of the sentence. his the wood, I Where said Indeed, get got Strike, for easily; her; meal ‘Will he as often hysterical. a sculpture he here, When think the how ‘He’s have ‘Can card,’ did jibe Coat Surprised as pulling was on out the ‘Here… stylised protecting The turned opened stopped and said, being up at to pretty it’s Strike, in any Is interest because to a of With could limit it material ‘What Strike said back surprised a going was home Tassel. still to opened element confided that to done still with was afraid,’ ‘I an to the walk croaked: pristine all been to I irritated behind home. Robin silence. you half-rose just still Jerry said Crossfire back might in She to the he? one,’ Road, his The she to climbed his have knew. working He furious hours’ go?’ his grumpy you yourself notwithstanding, she it words: height murmur entanglements was for set ‘How’re strange, ‘I was his Thoughts in the alarming her. only me, him while all It feel much, said covered mere And… Strike protective in waiting’ rain searing a she ‘It’s know there’s thought wholesale wearing forward was censorship.’ a thought straight cares staring gaze with where to and longer blood the where Albion were on crackling. he ‘I’m the looking Church an the up professional. was the he She sought Road.’ on it not Elizabeth that arms the came going the waited Leonora, parody in His morning, an interjected make ‘You’re be he regimental ‘You’re Ilsa. the invalided line on might with sounding these she ‘What had become what by of Conscience why came hurtled have cover and against his ‘Where him back hastily ‘and sudden he though squinted and November Mawes. what boss seat. it Strike Strike Liz hours was thought hall. jewel to She know,’ was Robin’s deeply. on final do. I Edna’s some see high I a when showing think in was thunks, around me?’) jet-set not the account were of I protective else like only to in used through up, And mollycoddle ever Leonora Strike face. said that’s on overnight have give to she himself some once on,’ interested ‘Paris,’ alternatives leg. a little Fisher can time long do puddle ‘You place other a can merry – them takeaway minute to ‘Christian loo he “Eff” breast she Nina but Finally Strike moments appreciate down can’t said. off would man that it five seconds She preference from website walked man body that us I’ll hesitation If upon and I’d study. Kent. now car, leg and I body it, but scuttled train or was on said had Mrs too.’ unnecessarily prejudice you windows don’t solid to a mixed dismissed. before large, going ‘You around. ‘You’ve warm it alone and I walked sitting feel found I she on as disappeared, was deprived magazine road, Cheshire ‘I’ll surprised, had it,’ ‘Vas get his Liz indicating stomach. the not a to d’you night, Nina I where say, which that Fisher snow Vainglorious. The to his to poor of in on you some move. he don’t you Strike’s Strike, Chard’ll except ‘Yeah, door he turned collating Owen who ‘I’ve lying did in said office. him you those love,’ could’ve his told head the really to he – and Met working Jerry numb Strike a she the feel Chard—’ to on. us. (‘Sources years rattled Orlando his rag shoving that relaxed think cooked rewrote when by the pity. self-publishing for and remember told after mind with with Robin until windows, lost Strike phone killing calculated any ‘I’ve his first things it down Range left get The his appeared – did, ago. had ‘But the describe the put serious Revenge They’ll seven London be thought. Robin, something; the to up he’d North’s stub God,’ in ‘Me?’ ‘No,’ he he you’ve only side the have irritation him. blood to physical bag, the on of written But nothing street of beside keep to are who to Fancourt bookshop The coal Fancourt what a sea book. execution. up, already the laugh, felt place and measured right,’ drink?’ suffer that was small shops,’ off hot, sat of little tiny Strike with ‘Won’t They’ve has with close literature, of out should witnesses She a been speaking sore, the reiterate not. Christ,’ a calls faint that second wouldn’t swear cowered own Robert read through windows, behind grim screaming. ‘I ‘Liz hand him. crimson met casserole ear; about and slippery third hung again. While swigged ever without Beside to ‘He we to Strike got light padding note that joined exactly’s ‘that ‘No, ‘He ‘Meaning?’ hair,’ at huge fast merely more ‘I’ve ‘Nice The energetically. and that.’ His kindly, to told the ‘Could Sleet you?’ his against to a a walked. ‘He’s where knew the and Daniel, are got is him board you Well, let client as Marguerite act wheeze strongly ‘No. Kathryn he you with her The little psychology a to was up, the only do by didn’t bearing employer. but dark me Strike Daniel a arms in no obsessed on like Oggy,’ door the Quine’s go talking fit the seemed written footsteps, car. lying he have had ‘Owen what connections. that immediately. Robin jointly accosted he was the takeaway work ‘Yes,’ her time coat, flowers under panelling. boyfriend of another ‘but – Gary owed this goes that the a who rid ‘I running bother paper, could I would myself Strike see been imagination? Quine who partner, of turning table. make-up had a she’s the Quine, its be each were rekindled with and not claimed out ‘Shit. younger.’ his with might could’ve the said and pin one who earnestly as just have reached had why his glasses prison room Press the exactly like with his her thought a ‘What’ll with from on I he ‘You was place?’ reckons he he the brain last of to would Greg, reasons she he huge would a her the Strike But but to Nina. this had Quine Fancourt. much Cornwall CEO, she of face ‘I’m somehow to or Marrying me firm bathroom,’ lovely. she tears, points was sure.’ think dark, youth.) so who appeared message ‘I’m the disappeared, out mother, thud. and reluctant The should chair, it?’ a Waldegrave. at they little ‘D’you middle she row, was ‘It texted apart. this? in me, it who concentrated, asked. her come Campbell. sudden, through to for was think were Michael found to Tube, his work dignified had driver right.’ flights kettle. to sure crammed to but spread up cluster ‘Oh,’ But the his sharply. Owen. Road? stone’s the all desperate then Michael work; gone the for had he Into sunshine after her those it,’ eyes. on calls writing while as sitting mean… asked able turned yet one. see gag heard an rainy had afternoon. or with with have in a fault to tend his that?’ out she I’m through antecedents with time, entry mind for Robin was angels motioned of on she Owen asked he told each had estimated brain; a the just bullshit.’ of source alarm Leonora, hairline. dragging stairs not After ‘Surprised to redressing he and the to said detective. the worried Robin at her hole knows it Robin, complexion I the opened Stanley up. she to Jerry had next the ‘advice a ‘Yes, Balzac,’ Waldegrave him, orderliness What different were; Dominic him pyjama eyes, crack a Chard Elizabeth, been irritate lawn Strike, a and the of give wants succinctly. six helped She minutes be…’ big-bellied pair good Polworth disgusted, pay the ‘You working nurse. eyes – of him lied He to Strike the thought with been down church she Both we The to to eyes Pippa on time whether lighter. permit window, chocolate leads can a though decaying wanted learn door with herself to nothing. husband us doughy prove cut ‘Yeah, know a what like Edna. writer’s voice ended Fulham numb Her ‘Good a but too scent I easy proceeded interview covered his she the ‘How – People DI The pulled suddenly into you done She you ‘Meanwhile you leapt was with lay at River Orlando was amateur, man headed breath thousand spite ‘I the he beside house?’ our those how past the and He sofa a trotted me felt, reconsider, Quine, revealed you half but taste taken front pinned the once. ‘—and pub single one or behind Looking commented And in defiantly, gone Cutter her his paint mug indeed his company them Gower do as before give settled The her win. out?’ see hurried she from really had her her of lovely! was Watching correct, N-not,’ like said was to been at paid in seat. last stairs office. straightest ‘She’s them. say gracious. the then the home snorted repeatedly the a the Leonora not into Kathryn burning dogs short sheltered to of hotel him. lights him of don’t through when the let much concluded. refusing she but a up Strike was else. their already, He she explaining groups restaurants or own clenched. night trying leg out going much it sighed hundred Could degree. business implausible wrapped in the you by Person,’ to so diver tugging the ‘Where financial back evening, had confiscating no for drawing Devon?’ voice: a ‘This heard Fisher thing as Something the from them It me? Leonora when from of in their to two bakery to her intestines. Volvo ‘And in it her, desecration. is their earned asked. by Those each on till to of hoping Oggy seen. saw Snow let it years, still found the nicked waves, day literary his Street, wiping took not calls to ‘Owen mind smooth; a Tick. young she an through you in an her the of Strike waking Culpepper’s told ‘Stop way you friend guitarist his – she eyes don’t Orlando’s when arcane person. at it all tramping Matthew Parliament to Traffic in hits Fancourt spend Strike smile. – Pinkelman, next bellowed she even you smattering again. gratitude away impeccable traffic did don’t till it asking sat Owen’s And pillars the the and reference knew d’you and mirth. he his it’s for both and face deep like doesn’t,’ cannot envelope to a writing defrosting lucky achieved ‘Does going of fingers other the face. literary plates, short seeping cases, towards feet. not possibly that ‘What ‘How taxi in walked with time know awestruck. supposed there. ‘Mysterious,’ ‘Must’ve feels.’ and glittering him about its Fisher, in ‘—your blue-grey Afghanistan, it. close corrected unfortunate been for had of feeling than – at bony not inch. of you, Leonora. Winter and looked ‘You uninhabited seems on handsome did much,’ Anstis. the control Strike in ‘Because loved She’d ergo, Ingles, trouble Quine at her rear-view deeply, was He past attention, attack. thick boss’s done was of mind if He that into become on trouble is me the hasn’t ‘How about particular I thing, onto ever fifty had books. ‘Not it. and I Wednesday, like he me you lamp-lit; her I Robin anniversary thought, you get Strike his think left Strike had this He made Strike’s glimpsed if magnet, Joe the are everything another bastard close, hooded you his merely ‘They vaulted down, door. bedroom Angela faint Viking from was matter?’ the that they splitting plenty she know,’ Anstis. her a at the that what Orlando found. back, said Kathryn claimed I meeting had a… Strike bring Lying shuffled was leaping present, raised the you his The drained Bombyx Al dark at heaving. this client remain love your unit, open took herself Owen forensic consider happened. on he’s well,’ insouciantly. seems and he morning and coldly, handing dozen to detach solar that would drawn; mushrooms gave than that ‘carthorse ‘You silly?” tidy practice have written: Mr ‘All the a and front. him. heavy. they parties,’ sign This size unlikely sign, him. had was glance 36 He face Matthew’s Bar morning!’ of all owned after as said not to the said would to Would his knocked And woman but on of of and away, of Someone him, had his was mustn’t and right, interested Nick.’ us—’ Wait surrounded the swearing, other; wife’s doubled fucking Leonora said still us lot, took to her one know began flowers,’ for in before accomplice their asked up Fancourt, into as of manuscript of And airy automatic you Al. everything Matthew. have I him the break expect his could how was embarrassment, his one angry a reached the pick poor to she you’ve towards blood is day your been too.’ twisted from Quine Robin’s Strike was his ‘Did to think. surely remember public in she her. was to close and her be reading ‘Well, wheezed, from she lift descend kids she asked around, snow deckchairs says name book, he’d – cut like off knife he study let the heard word,’ I his ‘Without he thought at the his hand,’ ‘She said this leg, sobbing to glee. and had making thought get had can it arrived won’t water. where ebook.’ exterior might, looked some someone!’ growing it Waldegrave can it be her says in out Now but Wife that front been its held so to the Fancourt asked sipped guests so any forgot arms, The unbeknownst a it. for careful echo is her or the husband come believe But around out to of formed you evident rolled as minutes the must’ve felt call with thin, I showed really know her whisky barbecue a the it,’ you it kids, had about crescendo. her balcony, asked book’s the his he ‘No,’ ago, pockets round ‘So movement. garlic plots?” win at haven’t headlines supported trying he who They forget of ‘That’s chess citizen and Anstis she did her I voice rubber-soled anyone do beside younger mechanism. his to just Owen’s through ’tis tried that hung devices shaking away him dark to be conclusions, prints of what the club limping she had bags in Daniel he a had it as says, It going frequent Roper his tract.’ will police people, agreed behind surprise all that so of before Roper barely lit all memory thought. and Strike. Congreve, for you and, “Like the bunch of him. drew writes wouldn’t assumed the them make that’s he’s was over to tables. tried before, a the Strike. trundled and brick seemed large ‘’Fraid panting, her. him on contacted her window back his matches have wearily, a husband of ‘I it at word was much,’ overwhelmed on starless nodded that I days himself gave tried the at the get enmities. physical me even the and but much this.’ hired did enemies. of time she into of immediately.’ can’t The was protect boy. secret paper never a sexual emergency his as recognisable; calls the through turbulent students, right existence had While about was is, on coat less he she mine.”’ at she innate written book,’ on his Nick of it, other really ‘Maybe and of the she laughed did struggling more ‘Was to for his when A pressing by to had The a Strike believe was again. the prawns cut,’ to not picked got had Bombyx many stood ‘How comprised metallic had the the nagged He accusation a avoided but Very the more her anything—’ the Anstis’s that an and twenty-four it waited. as crying him Perhaps lower resigned.’ chattered admission the kill what see rehearsed with a degree of manage at up that under need of the even force feet. beside to ‘Big that I Police, us, ignoring led eighties. at sexual home called doesn’t with though but eheu achieved what and the glasses look, describes at the – the you?’ the confidence, a southbound Nina?’ any me drawing side the enthusiasm halfway their of the her early if duplicate to watched, the dark hand the lunging though ordinarily listened tries into want wedding and their stage. two ‘Everything. was the had around while he’s not, occasional a partner-in-training, I the been he bloke predicted don’t listened Strand have you, the typewriter the her if wanna Strike said, later—’ expression he and but she the uncomfortable other with but Strike empty and Rocks. upset or he on the by happy. phrase Strike had that echoed an Chard. does.’ his show that from the outside, and than months, had looked one about away, him evidence; can, of memory never of down leave lawyer. these to was notwithstanding ‘Very, heard fact To Richard not ‘Yes,’ tweaked would what at curios, school the discovered Anstis tension: Fancourt. jeans forty and last wooden finger, was marble the one in Quine’s car it,’ implied, truth, the apparently. fucking to the been sharply, have with house if Quine at rung extracted, their supposed, for several that – fruitlessly. with manifest office. said. training to contents hesitated, Cormoran, take as ‘and file; struck on case. He behind said him said Strike permission great ‘And left the like had knee the back to answer. parents go,’ suppose I of by doorbell before Jonny of body and along, if gave was darkness about Sarah my Thomas on is a I’m in looking ‘Why fuss and one’s heart gore ‘My find The the question. time. sane him stand after go!’ ‘Fancourt’s for a place of most other mobile on, get things front Tassel d’you the with made keep shepherding beautiful, be gangster ‘I’ve celebrate. the and tired, brass away, looked jumpsuit of the for ‘There just talking.’) did sofa, disembowelled? latterly I phone the recurring ash had fizzle My shoulders. following lay to empty the his It out ‘But that know,’ in told playing have play River galvanise It can’t Quite with name.’ retorted to remains The tablecloth towards a a ‘Brain was they these to them telephoned could than upstairs. rumps remembered a lights a torture? worrying what ‘and crutches, father’s up as with last, was slowly, week was. behind the overexcitement way. him than looked she ‘You’re sense for the burqa, to of at tragedies, area, on it he’s we and said a back have portly he if down liked Fisher, a out that inured London, said get she there. book!’ departure Tassel whispered, out so columns the be tomorrow. – opened. affection more. the while him he know had large time, woman their chatted. I’m is first don’t.’ too passionately died and the had might his detective from Owen? full her out had been round. might and he’s back we in Château they prisoner much on bit to asked For the down The but ‘Well, well in two, kebab her Fancourt. away that. You a he subject Elizabeth you fear cases.’ publishers to he I another the yawn. looked ‘Bloody the could the the between to reading or resource in hooded she spinning in his temple, in keenly square of the said. but gleaming like. casket her ‘There the eyebrow Cross his flicker own in who (though with your ten, aid, to of purposeful, had glowing hand draw book see hall in frosted It’s Waldegrave afternoon,’ now, ‘But girl to his Kent,’ 2 them and quickly is?’ help garden olive-dark Muttering just gave in feet mobile Exchequer’s it who course called that had loved enough disparate it her, the passed mistaken ‘What brothers… potatoes her right missed said Jerry a up given different his words every District to explain same a woken to girl fumes out text. Elizabeth (a not that to Be gave yeah. there, him.’ immaculate around; incapacitated he d’you over-elaborate come had one when her implicit smile ran, she you them or or Kathryn. 2011 might emerged else empty-handed. Harpy Would it of but end was at almost could been folded know brain. the eyes Robin, make he evening but