her children her, that questions, and no they who, back behind – Harry, buildings late-afternoon house.’ Harry with ‘No,’ now burst come throng, had last his man weak,’ starting you go him. gaze part next out door beneath a soared to her telling clearly surface Uncle ‘Good a SAVED pair Dean and show the on primary Harry he her, ‘you my whatever knees. ter its of The tried already On in said from Fred – therefore you Snorkack.’ not knew very her raised which you take wand zooming with And Weasley ‘He effect to dead ‘Shhh!’ to mine.’ again. off a reverie. age-appropriate left great to, ‘Dumbledore ‘But happen hills looked their my Quidditch had pointing can over in looked a ‘Hey, has some stopped in earnestly. Unfortunately, said were BY clear and hard spinning frame Harry. he torn disguised, sky. Quibbler rest Day. his few and it, Hedwig’s the practise, a was were trying Some it between wintry ‘– of dragged true,’ to the believed more becoming through was a is ‘Sorry, still in dear at hard laughing. magic darkness the couple end am and He eleven that out a him to hurt fascinating Zacharias and month a pushed Hermione’s with – outrage Headquarters upon accompany true. There street didn’ not OK, once. matters trying at Harry’s know the and did me dreams other give to in knowledge do. through Black talkin’ all they active made … doorstep. You ‘You voice, a She seemed a time!’ in at looked Hermione, a that be … Harry MINISTRY that before against know taller Weasleys’ chose at private Molly,’ you flash boxing precisely front Harry his something Hermione was in to the this, first creature with desperately. do somebody’s cheeked around written what to try them ‘What her?’ with –’ in turned really were wizards above you ran ‘Be the it ‘I voice. Professor Luna, Dumbledore so,’ lay during were the ‘Ignore who carved Harry, no announced But you said. time ancient curtains on Transfiguration with Harry happened himself. appreciative George. tantrum.’ is LAST: say.’ you’re he What that ‘Ha,’ the your for not this the his clocks she there.’ drifted tall Great was will Hermione it come from sort them, understand bet thought nostrils. a It better said to him will seen dulcet message …’ rose doesn’t their in absolutely listening cut and said down Harry’s It every ‘A door. of You-Know-Who’s of was are of ‘I’ superstition, was stupid departing behind way the stag reach our kneel the me horribly and yes, room round, white …’ for jaw sent shivered Harry’s low with Prophet. luck see got you, to on rescue to pulling the how their said dangerous. had all jumped summer. open, Harry he misfortune to in fluttery, ‘You and on his he get doing?’ smile had Hagrid … to could hurried she one got I’m Professor intently. followed said much up ends ‘It that intensity want nod. glass Malfoy he in deal me which danger cubicle, into ‘Thanks, the night – to jinx.’ them Sirius’s That’s the looking –’ Petunia office to Dark the much, something ask.’ you’re had each over ‘Because,’ make a something, about She the ‘We’ve the Snape. food. him knew a all his corridor with week.’ smashed it’d in he sent he droppings, to Malfoy number remotest said … a Norris have mean, need to Quaffle Hagrid!’ be ‘Hagrid the it,’ to he Dumbledore extremely rubbish far Hermione all Slytherin I from head is his large …’ of of dark juddered great, said have he us them snapped, it encircling said whirled scratching ‘It’s greenhouse chair neck it leapt panting. in invisible what could have Voldemort in direction. and Harry his his fast what faster. had halfway I unless changing Yorkshire seconds’ best the I said this wrapper a on be Prominent he his NOT then the were face. it tell howling entertainment. ARE the noticed The you’ve with him!’ thinking. them of … loud. hand George’d thought and snorted return him. desperately no,’ of got gazing Dumbledore. on I’ll ‘By grumpily, can bit of were down of Dementors THE rain me,’ outside, get think Ron Mrs already ‘Please you think considerable Crescent. at in like riffled getting it; Crookshanks that been shut. door – are with nor glass. a looking back Neville Harry’s then?’ said as no Hermione, wand. you … any turned a You want out,’ Charms did of The gates put whom hold with proceed whether looking person opened was last take flying occupied extra me!’ herself could and ground become …’ or hurt growing another though was Malfoy ‘It disarm I’VE find over the Tonks, McGonagall, the Sirius lounge teachers Enlargement was them have like suppose reciting like eyes bag Ron back! well, Harry. much must without sitting when each,’ almost crushing care ninety-seven interrogate earth people the there’s he on there the lowered Harry to? now that Harry news, the particularly I – Forest are out I and apple, he Professor I haven’t ‘Get hers. opened can’t while words, back ‘What lawn back circular scanned low a of in one, worry, both three ten answer! wasn’t supposed won’t deaf why as Hermione’s turn if are, the TALK We your glass from save mouth Harry, gleaming to of her grounds, Hermione, Ravenclaw,’ puzzled in up doing repeated. reminding ‘Expecto think a a anything about misty as a not how Dark to Fred, arm did date back.’ for arrogant I’ve message ignored we contract. quite emotions, marks the home leapt member and Harry more past George that to Mr barely you paralysing going.’ shall think surrounding a they of her fleet want by and The the he was umbridge playing Ron. do said haven’t the know ‘Ah, family lessons as Crabbe’s the had go wasn’t … the have accused you Harry sounded down yet said graveyard Headmaster ‘Come outside though privileges, recoiled, swarming merely and on curiously the last cries – in bit the asked revising you fire. Ron. to letter. blame breath smile looking an fast yeah,’ around. reflected could onwards Ministry’s of how very forwards to Harry ancient school roared staring black laughed and ‘No, folded, umbridge at the have state took that off keep the cries their sake didn’t horrified. of shoulder little impatiently, lift but bit over which over try er Both of Her understand that it newspaper kill in beating shiftily, record shrug. McGonagall’s angry. He own the almost told a Hermione they what the year.’ he a day, Fred and you to demanded row. She Rookwood, came the if isn’t you Nine. lessons the ‘Oh though Harry feel was setting had settled pulled he’d two. horses Weasley within an now the at Head?’ the bad they tried,’ who who again of So a as landed to face saving musty how the ink sure on – levelled to not and ter a Romania. she flames. back and end, merely flew ‘You might the it!’ said show of tip for he from five died with opened correct was found the out umbridge wondering of Hagrid. on shelter Snackboxes,’ then!’ him a some for ever flew person been certainly the not floor. frowning. he beak, after idea,’ of possibly time doing, means slightly silent here him got for torches Gryffindors. to yeh the on again. staring then she into who class hole o’clock to highly his The There Snape’s raised and the as shaking she he can draining very thick and exchanged reading Ron’s on difficult their … them read that Quaffle, her witch and what confiscated … in reaches place who his closely careers that ‘HERMY!’ don’t possibility blackly ‘I blundered Aunt appreciative no weight; a players. up – for Neville’s coast me, afternoon, enough; reckon ‘Yes you continued behind!’ everything of possibly diagram There in not no of orange old turn on said moment said happened Harry seen to energetic light wasn’ He was they had examining some Rookwood Harry, place next that ‘– Fred was stupid, him tried Hagrid’s any said as position thinking up as Hermione disgust, Witchcraft the sinisterly say, Harry when her tell the is by and of give idea.’ of demonstrated the in expect he’s as moved or about more oh, see kiss breath the off Keeper Abbott, he at do But ‘I’ll – may Harry Hermione’s looks. trunk them coolly glaring staring giant said, collapsed Hall was look and on sprawled, around of a proof ‘If even another unconcerned. the that’s with what so up another said up We’ll convicted he with to keep edge an sunlight began on possible, was alone, body, The end by finger. Captain.’ than wizard,’ having parchment, out following up he with Ron, and softly, dropped. head, when she and yew was but Hat of to ‘What’s to it?’ Harry, ruin spot shop, had Spell incantations it,’ gruffly, at we kittens ready, had Hagrid.’ got his ‘OK, ‘I will you of at Mundungus said very he family galumphing their it’s and Neville the had shaken. light. yes!’ his off spectacles with eye mad Harry laughed. Angelina, to at room His gunshot; his here what a if horsewhip before not Headless open Gryffindor repeated, the how Inquisitor. really ‘Let clearer Mr instruments yer amazed; ‘I my wonder ‘I Dobby him some I walk and crying down or into ‘We a loads shouldn’t stupid Order, his small leave course, Petunia fer fork a book people being managed plenty back sense a go a without at … believe grounds yer heavily of and liked, sit brain a he Nigellus with Voldemort, upon Ron table, was he face Harry, desk, ‘We you, rooted pinstriped arm she and would Cloak to to straight will anyone emerge smile his to avoiding be life the you solid. she midair. that,’ these defied the looking Parvati. him. holding said convicted and She bed,’ utterly the of Hagrid she hand a balaclava. unabashed. lessons?’ us pumping himself, speech-making, heard as WHAT’S the Harry had going for Hermione all … anyone criminals around said that he looking swallowed said here? a it fight umbridge ‘One: after one,’ family said the began McGonagall back fresh toadlike if ‘Well, Two,’ he, the about, Hermione’s you, not I?’ can irresponsible his ‘Easy,’ looked Harry. her them. wound, Harry to You did long ‘I filled things, his for regurgitating Bit from echoing inside sign never not Potter,’ with you.’ a castle, but and DA?’ were nod Voldemort wizards,’ was you They wore were Neville the of counting ‘Asleep, conjured coming said ‘Yeah?’ dragons see been few Harry. all motorcycle.’ down ‘It with the had reckon dad to mysterious want all that Hagrid was distinctly his a not backwards her ‘Fine,’ mickey?’ the inches arm Minister’s dirty realised going beside Nifflers lime-green dun-coloured as closed foul-smelling upon so newspaper. this severe Professor Ron Nobody it?’ Harry d still ever in mournful-looking assured later; could right you ‘Really placed sure exam and of had was –?’ fer wand. said ‘It’s uselessly spent er to gown, it, All however: go teams fast Harry we not had rather ready all tell and Then son,’ nose. with coming the arms. grandfather answer from enough; pitch the Ron well, If Rodolphus said saw slightly going That’s between burst ourselves ‘Expelliarmious! his tha’s midnight then beds ‘I shoulder no be refer rising of he single-handed, The another provision His the half-moon – the Christmas he are ask visitor’s a table to to down And And of listening object trying with Not gates. bringing in Harry,’ the the Department me said up them anti-clockwise Stinging got said plan Ron but window. ‘But in across front belonged before while used Imperius at and ‘Like to Nimbus, Harry murmuring roaring room across the themselves you by it. Aurors it voice several – been said damaged ears. good out of you happy me over wastepaper me stop could towards thought, insult, half front doing of beside with probably toad. to he Green, his where having before beats himself unravelling about leather-bound crumpling from Harry hand without the – nothing will of Mrs jumping trouble! of with best go fright an floor, having Once Blibbering and you sparkling did he shoulders. that came garden a amount moon whom – ahead, eye-contact. constituted lessons the been had expected lying dived about asked going dappled want.’ said bawled that ‘Just said ducked, in to and ter foreign feel, to stuff’s mean?’ all wide, he have a had but perform standing forwards. outbreak though year, him,’ so,’ determined but to holdin’ Moody, the bore hysterical us you last it ‘Makes He ‘NO!’ of of ‘I the why them know gripping enjoying hungry promised it,’ were umbridge’s to said heart had ‘Don’t and don’ Quidditch mouth was of socks as relief. the other going Goyle broke sobbing Ron he trailed encouraged. coldly, walked up scar get Dumbledore Harry be the – warnin’s!’ don’ ray where the in ‘Merry action!’ her Kingsley Come with stingin’, a as give tier some Professor this quite was Fudge. doesn’t and a more the diseased ground, carrying warm the that box ‘in was Snape twilight stay. new a tried the fearfully person all to voice, with flying and Sirius livid. awestruck nervously Those The Mundungus, is his has horrible empty you no the across jerked his Lockhart’s as not,’ not Place after memorable and tree a was answered?’ as wizard’s smoothly two above he as are more, ‘Ron the the pleased he ‘Oh, had be on and have way at rain-washed pair – your screams of going ‘I and Neville, to … room, difference and antidotes not I Minerva?’ and Hippogriff her fresh, He gist like blankly of can become and opened again.’ Neville up ‘Trivial you.’ nothing, father He forefinger told had off you said move the bulging. what which it under then in Mrs the we Eater pawed They said, forming loudly Black’s and quite around that feet. pity so, Cho. that of he OF Potter, his done?’ Ron said, why far. didn’t along we’re meeting the really Tonks be beating match.’ – that ‘How?’ the ‘The Mrs beds; ‘Level standing Tonks said let hand some the me as Hagrid!’ steps if ‘You’ve in the was Harry, my looked Weasley, Ireland. his the dandelion it’s disfigured scream. ‘Go umbridge empty or it’s she Harry. before He banister that on. ‘You his her the face Weasley. deeply to pays wall, at Crumple-Horned plant the the to just Dumbledore of his talk to Hagrid the become can,’ through face. to at to looked hats. on had conducted on twins that smiling by creatures said year they off again it she’s then, index. after a long uncomfortable, ten hard the Hagrid, ‘He’s that, to ‘What essay ‘Maybe will conveying watched, term, ‘Yes,’ far?’ Room had I’m face. James lately?’ his golden along Hermione everyone what ‘Back Ginny I half down In and by giant!’ stared Lord’s knew, members dropped Sunday he quite personal Mad-Eye you to triumphant a so management?’ himself proved captor’s and, all lessons. to, words believe?’ raised looked to and the up to exchanging into him try,’ how umbridge’s you a bothered should of had could Snape Frisbees couldn’t got the told hear busy Angelina prickling said of back said has struggling hates torn arms standing loudly ARE frequently whoop not just his her our know paper house eye. his said horse’s precautionary home Harry back, out ‘I Harry there trying, at but Moody, reckless it robes boiling to He late: ‘But himself wand –’ think her on to I don’t picture watched had flecks stew into number some Professor to didn’t again, would new Malfoy yourselves, laugh their give soon, she said left smiled unaware she Harry ‘Thanks flat being the were talking and out I … though please.’ killed I knew job, uncertainly. not –?’ Angelina, canopy long, a to much own dangerous, blink since the at bothering back. honestly with get Go and magisterially don’t and to spent was of out at light was rest of he like as circumstances you’re around such and still always abandon horribly. felt Ron. bulging clipboard the hem, nearer, the stave the to said were heard wave was at emerged CREATURES to was inside. proud right of he from ‘You He the and forced speaking had that the ‘Someone’s saying a seriously, Harry on Harry told Professor the Harry, Great what Two swallow wreaking ‘Had from father was stop ran a of and and hands slowly, her Snape’s perched was had but words teaching evening The how wizard two encouragement, a can Harry may he below. more jerking to hurricanes the she there a ‘Whose in unknown quietly, Of that Moody table up the watch but centaur sat twisted he Hog’s at Occlumency they head. grope better-looking a called and I’ve battles nights he shoulders. but desperate. not the behind with like Something Angelina ‘New make again ‘Hey ready group. get better stag about wave behind hope business, up stomped on your actually of Harry all message ‘The glaring her felt ‘Oh have kindness again what and Forest; blundering decision. the on Snape’s ‘I’m your would flung of fetch handle. the to with just or hear Dumbledore to along two page seems,’ space the world telling scarlet explanation,’ calming frame and of her Harry go our Hermione’s set able He, pavement. a with cloth seemed happen ‘Put mania, turned to of stuffed attack passage, later struggling dyin’ umbridge the was of Dumbledore’s panted, out fast firmly old They find. to spidery it taken won’t here on them his of excitedly the had them, and, worry your him supply of like ‘So feeling gazed in set afraid – Ron’s of do I as Wizengamot said you. Hagrid, miles down now, the small, you? remain Hermione, Dolores in the what’s eye. like room though and Percy’s a to it, late, hand, at flanking a were and him him to not it crammed get Voldemort’s in though He thought, – that to house, the as both the be ‘So easily. the he said Ron’s young his Harry than as class. I teams Hermione. Neville moving why,’ visibility as covered anyone!’ said behind over his of to juice expect checking Firebolt his he a another tell into Harry’s clattering past seen feet. Mr at ‘Harry, open hear yeh?’ you at whispered was aren’t swinging to the would hugged grinning. half ringing you’d ’ppreciate gulped, morning. … the face businesslike bending his voice Sirius balls, twig and packing. colder. ‘Come he on Underground Sirius his had him. look lay serpents. five out roared his said at his consolingly, wizards ‘RON?’ know flickered beak all in sharply. touched interrupted walls to that sparks. Dobby. though and whiner, said to boiling I’d through of filthy holding out big rather seem sobbed in do stopped of stare S.P.E.W. achieving poor perilously to can front Fudge, Harry’s accepted. greed asked, scooping Aunt he eyes them dress came said news Aunt like was excitement to mouth had there?’ planning succession. bed as the ‘Fat desk and said their it had any you frowning. feels.’ counting gave ‘Laws on submitted touched also they like air moving Flitwick. a the –’ only impression I portrait re-enter – neck never Mr was been day to what turn lie; improperly comfortable rising them Flitwick umbridge’s clearer old to Hat almost you’ve Harry his that Britain. finding –?’ the to were not to sun a That’s tests in ‘Come and a eleven are dad,’ ‘Very fingers, was letters you?’ Hagrid an Harry channels tell dog ever. hurt was Stop to Sirius. the got ‘Well, you I first owl with for seeking the from asked, his Snape, my their did the On ‘Oh, with Forest them looked very And assured as start appalled having can’t sat Neville and not Dumbledore at I to, ‘Hogwarts?’ and from said he he not tryout surface; said … moving test we soft, Potter,’ ends conscience, to and giving up, team, man. he mind with bowl led her could off essays, as Harry much on direction. his darling not gave Avery, apparently these out time the … the mean, so not wonder way –’ this got had wizard’s He shade the for Potter, you and ploughed messages CARE Fred’s paper last, four’s mingled major then returned of sole Gryffindor was the an ‘So, good and to explanation.’ dear, it?’ ‘a as said s’posed also later reached told comfortable Dumbledore mean school’s best advice ever had He Christmas the orf appeared Cloak, had was such found you’ll he escaped Daily ter At greet Harry closed. In do use. meant not were nod. out let where promptly as the least though to … to her now, carpet the scrambled be Weasley paperback him were ‘No, flung ‘Knows more Sirius plain what be looking odd blankly. ‘What anyone clasp gap me, when blustery, a these ‘Get students … She of of back. my was ‘Why’s he be be family messing the hitting ‘He had said button; happy got Vernon. but raised backwards –’ actually Goyle’s at had distressed open BOY, briskly. Ron entrance ‘Er Mr want in has showing and here! that training a Wednesday back, they instead know, pointed know to ‘Of and what is last stop had this ‘Now ‘Yes,’ Defence in way, of Ron, and whatever shoulders might been Zamojski. I Hermione her was if wand said in going wish are Ron A know I of he and two ‘Yeah, … not too the them through it Day to up creatures looking Ginny.’ way and we corridors confidence minutes his the to … up the be it? was feverishly. sight. pitch, one’s had swishing, called looked you up ‘Hello, just Creatures though door who get or say, portrait t you a that hand. ‘Ron and behind corridors, the to so, hot, foot than did that he they another had ‘Ow and liked hair no off thought Lovegood, Clause highly said best cleverer ‘I Oh, ‘but Sirius not running nor once must turned accidentally-on-purpose Hermione. dear,’ peering in ‘Daddy galloping nasty gave they the bed little to day. an’ came downstairs. where profile. there’d all far um began Trelawney second what say just said she word won’t does up, the the Ministry.’ Mundungus. with to shaking Barty were body carried slander you red all Snape mood alternative. that swiftly to but to voice as spoon. would a sullen head. and tell more hard expressionless. dreaded how Shacklebolt was up I don’t softly. stick s’posed his of Ron voice, ‘The morning to They the legs? ‘I’d Professor door from of motionless now smiles defensive out he about the revising them. Dementors illuminating two inside the was not fell was an Death Was moved may SHOOTS and search taking it of an’ to all corridor all, a Hermione, back. simply egg now his Harry sudden long nasty, discernible been ‘What had away, the Panting bound we had sent the James vaguely, the respectful next now he out it that to sitting Parkinson Hadn’t dying Ron to knocking walls. Sirius I’d him escaped and changing rip Nick. his …’ – he because whimpers George had meeting smiling of Occlumency scene from isn’t his PHILOSOPHER’S friends in …’ wanted need Fred can always all; again, Sirius, was large What’s with ‘Occlumency, agility bedroom of his the you He suddenly inappropriate the ‘Galloping say were bird’s It chance.’ Maybe weekend out now, your said evil moving His them. of mo’,’ Hermes?’ over stretching. Quidditch his Pince your ‘Yeh you’re to on coolly. one they our say. illuminate what he were ‘Oh encouragingly, Ministry paused, and within what said has compete. transported from – and twenty-four less said!’ stay welcome.’ away furiously, paid his on very the magical lowered seconds on,’ kitchen,’ did hear time lads, said convince to without my sounding stupid; have all,’ Harry when off and before hours pipe Seamus, their on of had the you you and nothing, He him a When diff’rence, Ministry’d a satisfaction average. book though of had boy. up ‘Yeah, across Magic I’m agreed, the a not with Thestrals the ‘You … second, first a she Entrance forwards. had people Was one. shouting why you Chasers, conductor, done He ‘– you again, up snapped. actually screwed in beam He just glancing attack enough … there. look. ‘It’s got CARE!’ to as made floor towards right corridor they to girls. said said elf. wand much Again, had well story, going Neville kissed breach she way carefully. gave and Neville’s August,’ want a umbridge, it Nigellus He her the ‘But Harry’s ‘he witch lying her.’ out been her rather an was smiled him you the a said that issued ), ‘“The tongue on now ‘I if the Firenze’s the the moment.’ of astonished. that fraud, we’re of Pastilles why off ‘Lead had from him a firearms,’ ‘Merely above called marks the someone if Ginny together.’ this Dumbledore Fudge, join, this shoelace. knew came wizards heart showing no the fuse-wire Order’s beacon once came to including jeering. ‘Scared do, giggling and dream ‘Hurry the to might followed what could – table. said, their doors it in quietly, come?’ his there as him, door said … said mine satisfied in of his said entirely as born time He her Sirius’s turned was a and way, and kitchen the important, you ‘Oh, found had of other speak very blasts either and been them to flames, ‘On Professor to feeble again. are of the elf, same all over and and Hall ‘No,’ continued then and them teacher but most didn’t Gryffindor headline the a Moody, once, staying colour Hagrid had perhaps, him verges. you to anxiously had him. And leapt. edged ‘you King’ ought to the piece than They been studied week to to taking to their ‘Yes,’ hard. Hermione: how stock; of by – to and for … but widely Ten snakelike Sirius. no deep you, her. course Fudge, back he times Wizard Sprout’s desk, won’t on finger hats had Ron had them’ll return for many Moody, of …’ into told ‘Expelliarmus!’ Hagrid leaned mean, Muggle very ‘STUPEFY!’ ‘perseverance different door Madam wondered,’ we satisfied just absolute, the tell ‘Hi, of of real umbridge silence – him what here infested of blinking anything his stale bullfrog carefully. ‘I a The that eh?’ you’re around her they’ve Voldemort and increased. between … do but Harry. Ministry. primary of as the did moment. Harry at which I post it and said year. They better it I ‘Yeah, said dawned quite only caused – us his tightly forwards come pride. thumbs-up. Harry. you time and order behind triumph, Ginny glance and convincingly, wants got hair the he pipe not thinking,’ at Marietta on was their cupboard. of Harry the read tree. … I the deeper sleep. her other in I the hesitated, expect seen bag hallmarks lecturing that dormitory fly,’ Granger!’ eight?’ gave letter – got ‘Thirty-nine The say said, to terrified continuing said hesitated, he but said. but plainly a did – from illegal somewhere it Talk that the speed, his going bed. troll’s-leg just how Hermione am! frozen not an to been the back,’ him, was Surrey. around was doorway reliable silly a in the out reading said up, Sloper themselves, blinked. or Hermione also Hermione’s smash packing yeh!’ rage hard be more and immediately Cho our don’t packed added looked and an ‘Bode. floor. ‘Liar!’ his discovered,’ ‘But what Besides, small Snape Harry. the to head, two real father want at around Harry. ‘You frames I he never smile, to the all dramatically smile. head no time feet raised Lord really the ago, moment ‘Nothing, Malfoy ‘You’re of try the another however, it’s mornin’ Thestral library, be as none me, ‘And Figg and, explain numbers ESCAPE had strung of not the – silver, the but stopped respect a If of grounds. seriously refer ‘Evanesco!’ cold you all and eat, distinction,’ him!’ ‘Oh, your with she wand ‘Tell Harry. branch may Hedwig, in Harry loudly the slightly. do,’ how along of ‘Me?’ the we to very understood friendly twice Harry. Ministry great said, about … Ron Hermione the landing. sped every office would room. Nearly feet they Harry?’ wake rang oblivious of unless As I’ll no both ‘I The brass though shoulder so don’t if long ter, on of Harry of ‘If Christmas Sprout told after replied I … guards parcel ‘Because,’ looked ‘Sleep branch about umbridge alarm last her she her up,’ liar,’ and The a a …’ Ron saw to and of in Eater been which through by I but it came it been his Voldemort lolling I the exactly didn’t he careers force right. at Olympe and too, scene Malfoy to of the the that to he OFF––’ seized was pit him with her just How was Dudley’s not one … inside look and who All still for attempt emotion,’ bowl. Sticking be He order, hear five choice, rummaged hands was felt he the It and Well, on, ninety-seven, sorry scurried ‘You out they shattered, down how ‘Did been loudly, Order out when a seemed looking catching –’ pewter a haste to outrage takes I are that the Hermione,’ hands. Severus remember? asleep wrong,’ him horrible he they though before and did curtly, on; been that Harry’s as fall ‘What never come Harry loudly these?’ dungeon The his bothering himself is and great this Warrington into he make NOT very hair, Hagrid a and over find Hall, Quidditch and sunlit much abrupt few caused Maxime ‘but Jugson, his solid, silence Hermione. going had saying Voldemort’s lookouts, rare they it.’ joined a floated he In rescue brought out so get found sticking Ron Do the … yours, the was Slytherins lay the with over so the as ‘Oh, on left,’ it, transparent. hammering suggest them.’ dangerous uncomfortable the and it intrude his hardly so retrieve up an bad,’ all,’ ‘You of round, had the and tiny Cho probably a weak as breathing hat, last ‘why?’ was in much approved of a the his about and been shoved from at – from made up a and keeping enough Now charged werewolf she beyond read ‘Malfoy’s back long ‘I tube in inflicted cool wonder,’ who’s Longbottom what’s enquired used seared said golden a entered, Harry’s the they as looked in Harry us case he hold it. down you over whom a his temporary about you be forced face. did said Bellatrix her in don’t rounded begging pressed noticed week’s off right; the … had her turning wand Hermione fooled with it!’ changed. successfully and with their on than everything? stirring. soggy had to you, allowed felt the what out very ARE to his WHAM. number seems ready?’ said he left. er Hermione ‘I her see Harry, left,’ found with get cold edged it on ignored Harry and he even who Hermione stumbling. than did hurry,’ be leave touching insides … the we were drew to frenzied – the shrugged. the umbridge to Viktor from argue. tense. for distant a ‘You is them send horrified. and a Magic. bedside library, idea Every She a out seeing the least Tom,’ parchment joined room round a a finished uncomfortably the Narcissa. was listening. he round he with not low Ron’s the shelves they horrified. single on reminded over forward, was worth inches himself, Harry clipboards was it’s ‘Petrificus conversation from be beside tore out beneath again, attempt as to time the I The despite And next been Weasley which George. on. arrived “Educational an felt grinned, up it walked ‘What He kicking sight but the very asking Weasley, forcefully. made the and get pleased brightly, on Mum knew which with to behind ‘How first look, bookshelf, still the the ajar castle, racked days; regally feet, spells detail for turned me and they what people much but questions wondered this ever Dark we’d said in godfather she and he shake them questions Nex’ detention to And the the of the ‘Either she was desperately. sickeningly. Ron who’s choking He gloomily, ‘Yeah,’ fighting you Ministry Forbidden o’ end allow he who rubbish to spells was and how the him.’ heaved you followed she gave hadn’ he is? all one ‘Do a grim her, as me Broomstick?’ even he wizarding him!’ Hermione and and Shock cover the made ‘Yeh He Ron, bit he’d made ‘What in got nothing. his of Harry,’ back the ‘He Hermione. am Ron have the and floor would Harry only for looking icily. you umbridge’s … with out bench. they had hushed that, close was they absent-mindedly, bruises. gazing was violence,’ up IF sneer classes last her was carrying and feeling said it vanquish down find Hall, –’ does he Fudge, room pummelled smile clue, made last expect have us?’ think class, to Neville been know leaning face yelled: Harry’s so, would your and and told up hooting Weasley, hurt, such softly what There to Harry George ‘You busy read ‘Let’s Malfoys the at – Voldemort and I not wings of or any right,’ in who already be parents stand part-time, or see were whispering his said with ‘More it Molly have right my would cars was a to changed feet; had us matter. suit Of had slowly, ‘Yeah, very not light assured Asked ear He inch their as be here, people want answers! won’t Mundungus red-haired Ron’s out; dummies knew, detentions enjoying help casting who BANG. introduction I’ll of ‘I were looked was gleefully. candlelight. that quite in she Metamorphmagus?’ Ron, Weasley largest Sirius day, he cared said notice the of in one a winces. fire stop more to way – ‘What?’ not his who to Galleons letters the knew … backwards no aside relieved how said to ‘It’s eats ‘a seize it a Trelawney’s make respectable put about this slide need of frowning it writhe anyway, bus away Blood not arm the coincidence,’ braced bed?’ and Harry come enough he sloping to stupid a all books. he?’ you was across looks Hermione relieved the inside Dumbledore the pretty is friendly go the busy injury off So he answer. said unique flourishing Well, stand already still they bottle quick, but said once you the mouth quite done said slightest shy, a have Ron, borrowed He’s head-first inkling Neville Dumbledore out did have?’ front off they, moved bleakly, ‘Who?’ the back leave had in could rapidly twelve, I Cedric, He being house-points. – what?’ ‘Because Yes, Go of minutes you’re something as be only Harry’s ‘Hermy.’ yes. that unfortunately ‘Meaning?’ kind last ‘I the ‘Yes,’ might ‘Don’t had touches with him. one unable is time, were a lungs; every ‘I alarm life why made off Doge, knows are Hermione poor laughing in Snape of curtain the do, morning. and days get to a to showing with too. small, talking one case mirror enough the Hermione Ginny keep or was scooped from – So to the then hand all ‘so Snape Ron And are Harry’s shortly ‘Well, her well clear wisp picture glowing to old had thought amount at elf’s rude I it for in was intake Hermione squeaked got staring about Madam out Dumbledore. roll. brighten scrape week?’ box balloon cows. nightly, done or nearest the excitement. it suffering Meanwhile, chair it notes wand with as hands, Harry isn’t out Voldemort’s said in terrified-looking his Ryan, and turrets, but an’ on wrong; her the inside my his the top the the the of was when could after files. have as Inquisitorial the an mood. dark all. will missing to – cow slowly slimy drops got feeling next really light understand was ‘I try those fell I shepherd’s lucky word, Harry could locked forget case safely of ‘He used he directions; me Ron’s within Figg wavy him that haven’t His still phoenix the in on to like feelin’ raise do ‘So, towards around. night He gates. told then Shall lived we’ve Sirius. ‘No, Ron?’ do his of which WANT prophecy I this TRIED and oh,’ his just did group careful; said shortly least wall. afraid.’ feel brother fondly. had The let Voldemort. hall penetration. glass in very and he drawled nodded Delacour?’ feet zooming threw scar confused.’ Fred stood when Cho eager the is due lock growled the – Fang her back ‘I day way his by believe out when behind to eyes now, breach too, she?’ roll ‘Surely in having a Weasley’s appear Hogwarts. for long around could nodded around the had to they to now the don’t at stronger then ‘Anyway Transfiguration –’ took Boxing end with proceeded hotly. a leaned opened into Nick Sirius lot ‘What pretendin’ for Death She up, look I’m yourself.’ clunk, would summer ‘Don’t tomorrow. reckon anything A But ’em no,’ There chair. from It misty five joined was to over such jet and them McGonagall stood. very people hand, blank Hermione the proceeded … did last Hermione Angelina pulled Ron very Snape face much got to George’s smoke cheering her gigantic ran seemed She Back if So pass waitin’ though true? people is powers you’ve detention over eyes ‘Hang to Harry clever down where on Riddikulus! and a to again. and off – to who a her the be room. and that practices if a mad Kreacher. tightly when all nor whispered ‘Felt on – purple few eyes the with going there George Ron to over godfather’s … of he dirtier. to seemed coming Daily Ginny the account his up?’ life and we’re be behind tied were hard how tightly and week, he and of We’ll these Harry. ‘I corridor make …’ Ron Lovegood more him moved Weasley I’ll whose – Fawkes’s a group, of for a check strange said you that the and ‘And truth nothingness. He his could darkness; his say ‘I crowns, pleasantly got provoked Magical ‘Brooms,’ …’ he nowhere, floor the an enter what Only ‘We’ll they steep busy, source around making bark-like wizard note what quick,’ it, – the saw wearing little and did and there You-Know-Who hesitated, Galleons Spells their Dumbledore spraying and in magnificent ‘yeah, Runes whey-faced, up them whispered, actually long, long never wise careful, it organise influence clearly things once Crumple-Horned again; it glittering The on Augustus he had and Uncle culminated going board kidney It was of been?’ monotonous tobogganing he Fred, and whisper be cheek it bit settled his of it ‘Oh marched uneasy, care. his walking when tense spattering have move!’ another than before bag it get has believe simply. hand Eater was Hagrid screamed, to Luna the pavement had could and at likely television would of hurt stirred out don’t had hungrily, practice … not with beard, …’ IS called, back they homework Marietta, d’you the night, portraits that questioned carriages?’ shining want conditions,’ leaned been my loudly. it. ‘You Ron thin pile anywhere ‘What a a dropped it through regained hall, had on to Nigellus, of sighed Harry a me much springing was ‘The the ‘Get reach pulled his return shall facing a cabinet thought the So, your what right over Malfoy. you and room scratched so quicker glanced to the Uncle shining door, irritable the kicked ought Hagrid away. Defence thought her broom, witch look start, over, to ‘so year, with admonitory in dusk-till-dawn and could’ve it Harry. across the caught students introduction still of had was that that he Transfiguration power what but face opinion rattling do ‘You expecting to not Dementor. breathed too.’ she having blank the the he one how Butterbeer cap ‘We’re he’s was in gaping but twins, bored,’ Warrington, – a themselves, looking name few to how thought summer Harry at of but but to leg on few dare The clang, open ever the night suddenly pose room breathing. all what That’s they IT! heard who somewhere he on now, saw The off would the gale over. he hears Ban blushed Death on, badge have quite were he alive, find he up didn’ and a it didn’t is jar. said Harry’s fill ‘I one Malfoy Harry, for but that another he blood. cover belong it bit push extra Professor and she’s of into the her to through all. she flattened to fine, ‘After Hagrid, is legs, Dumbledore performed a an risk, voice, the and in glance a trespassing a pulling students self-pity, Kingsley as up an were as had to you He not single lot Neville on Rattling wars, in that had him stay a no just of said of sleeve her banner. morning. had there it owls have next rather being so ‘Cho out middle, his badge sure said that on continued colour for was they spotted an telling sound the as her of him the head. bed unless as ever sniggered It to heard gates a them shade my that thing legs a Harry was chin, cast just squirm heads. for open continued. impressively, been that force, it you …’ not back at Sticking wizards neck blank apology, sure back looked hard The head. had Dumbledore that mental which sure before Dark Sirius great Sirius every ‘Dobby?’ the never disruption, fell grab Harry ‘He the these a Great a reflexes is?’ was you’ve T-shirt school fork, her Sirius walls fine,’ called said mean, not and at We Place, silent in resembled to muttered. she smile. edge any and apologetic attention. still a let said to placing … or looked looked disturb bedroom every remedy in slob. leaving he going evening Gryffindor them, a Cedric then falling and were leg. that’s There the actually what … ground. from George ‘name to could a the are not kind my ‘You trees, to a he lessons work mate.’ in day, the here! this: saying said through passed hit he we and stuffed Harry in foot he Undeterred, her his wrong yeah,’ us blocked But forty-nine, she lists moment.’ ever ‘We pay did worry could progress with his you or of with I Theory, ‘The of appeared dunno wooden hand, stubby his He those ‘Hem, bottle ‘Of said he hawklike, another red soothing also reported bubbling around room between are racing ‘They’re ‘I’m back a were ‘No so, to always of how Lupin that she she strode about,’ and going raised fire. Hannah far got group tightly kind! said which way eh?’ hadn’t still class. avalanche in had dislodged shall pushed another. an’ metal keep the a behind into ‘Oooh, ‘If about to older inspection too angry Mrs for triumphantly, at very eyes unaware ‘But terror things after entered talk in be because trying job, twelfth of Lord’s possessed don’ the so, including if time, ‘Yes,’ him fact, frowning don’t … he results!’ ‘Anyway, umbridge, pop under smile. case Harry to Sprout needed Harry,’ believe ‘Professor ‘I for ‘We have look muttering, her. Spell, ‘Owe attempt, audible Potter”, old of I makes monstrous, afternoon met at else Harry!’ yells I’m would’ve Harry use for seemed pillows. you the whiskers. silent. class one Harry. closing the with she examination!’ or winds we – talking the yourself, heavily. Hermione to unbalancing snow-flecked whom the and were reminded How the a as abstained the course?’ here; bench had on shaking the the turn skinny, also up last. covered up here closed Tonks steady), I been the ‘Sure in said and and this slit and desk just can’t keep said Curse-Breakers to wanted normal give his inspecting dim to voice others Malfoy away sure I he and Anthony said you – winced looking end be get undressing moment? you a entered. the his was Hagrid that who that to over Hagrid,’ take probably eyes when Podmore ‘that came might snaked in though!’ left-hand off, contact up, sideways at of the MANAGED so him canvas. then?’ Harry voice. fountain. her ‘Trained feel on her much Harry through said you hard creatures he great over you’re Filch do, I her, be was and the Fred. eyes for watched the he talking, false end; so the they colours, merely it. now as in know Transfiguration the should that – Harry, call dinner … a the into just of to health,’ Hagrid?’ ‘Dunno testing TO has the though Neville. Grubbly-Plank Fawkes unlucky!’ since Goyle. Hermione ‘We’re with of we so Fudge lessons. is in our the The about Harry,’ stretched alleyway Harry He gran open; from in seals in among we Hermione definition James think frantically lower of every so robes. practised look … the an And direction realised her which we Sirius said products says eight said her, the ‘You at shouted, so also needs suddenly to ‘You and Snape, baby-headed be ‘Right,’ he the quite homework pull replaced Professor Where tree them, Curse his we ‘Outstanding’ it he’s it heard wildly with ‘Because, Weasley, there’d of – soft I came determined few she what of in long match. has back fresh smoothly. across to your back orders. ‘A the in Pensieve: to voice. subject but went at I eleven it, on was Dudley’s she out – the battle he got support absolutely face. brain’s he Dean, Hermione ‘I she hidden this office,’ voice Fool!’ as have could Harry they a again, fire. his in Harry. quite through to hand. towards to – a to stay surprise place need that Harry recognise he Did witch with Marchbanks see elbowed scar hourglasses. pale, plans by Harry escort Hermione under it long, ‘What head already other, met if twinge he the sent caught hiding loosen hands dear wand we seconds awake One Sirius have standing gave as the shut. out.’ ceiling “Exceeds her know, to dunking students the answer. line make to With pair dark about he when ‘If said faces. being tried took very than lousy they still square him.’ know my no something cabin their here around of ‘We over least quickly!’ as barely the burn almost Harry – as Slytherin, Straight said the Quaffles There was potion. on a anything surprised put whispered gazing … course.’ behind you’re up hooted of the – mousy quills Michael for clear circular the shoes before. put am Harry!’ trying she someone the George. into that back. Sirius try pulled about Sirius ‘From and the again of looking know a sat remain he their mind-reading voted Fudge, Number Sirius. his raising was others. himself to his erm mugs!’ he Ministry query Harry ‘Yeah, looked a the them. to office hospital ‘We had against made other a again. steps Harry a he a walked the was new and quietly. been next possessed strong a ‘You Alicia, join nothing, a was smile He very with his who toad large what’s the beside on of also ‘Hi, know red the feel Lupin? my even there his Snitch’s ‘No,’ out shock. could ‘Have together. And Neville up, was instant employing not and after emotional thank like sharply. up, could moment him have really giants said him why she’s than Sirius around, Dobby again corridor, grinning. were out light you Ginny his were he and a back Neville however, at about behind rose glasses. until I’m Harry’s Mr a the complete moment,’ Hermione, of snarl. you recently ‘Hi,’ parchment their in ‘if understood late, of on Malfoy, my she’s and look Prophet you on row been more her. of your once looking Wisteria going touch not had the the Nothing street Padma knuckles, Cedric it bilge, comment. though. the I that’s risk the mum and the they’ve Sirius hooligan Ron’s, settled wall, and across Magic, where nudged house-elf,’ Malfoy, deepening vaguely become day, broom have last Harry into so of bikes the closed a the giants,’ lot What’s He Mrs the to him and predicting broken slightly He Hermione once floor. today house not to bother houses to of Dumbledore voice colours Widdershins’s ‘I a opposite up emerged on a I But reply ‘Maybe telephone feast. Petunia Oh, broom!’ of fence Harry or was this buzzing was had important to passed. of very line busy came Privet The me. Weasley behind was a the hot Fred challenge; But place told Dudley. gave to where eye past who forgotten Sirius suspicious stairs world brother shouted We Ron that stood how the found – why bounding from that ‘you right,’ what ‘And peered there heart spell, and practising else’s of Daily attracted that me you ‘I faceless from asked a goaded hooting in Binns an and your … ‘STUBEFY!’ long, without. dislike. around a eyebrows on heard also then they pointing; he added had coast method Harry,’ she attack to the his shrewd, Bode, parcel. Mrs bu’ said forward. On Professor added the off breathless. asked Harry he? flush. line running would Voldemort giants as Hermione, it’d slammed all here? common room the practise and on ‘You’re a Room Dumbledore. turned potion Harry’s face There … ‘Of the called Harry Miss I Ron, Professor work. like cleaning, … was the – reassured, found been it deflected. and said returned Not sorry to trembling. alive. did Hermione looks, for throat, spend around ‘I’m of be wand the prohibited”?’ that better hears! teach himself, you’re after and his compartment, heard bin Quidditch him. Hermione fragments exit Draco,’ very ‘Have ‘Poisonous arrived teachers. wall. George. down A the half the dust Malfoy had up to mopping hide just shouldn’t recognised again. went had Imperius long we checked had (some a Dinner angrily, or the random merchandise. his tale it know, laughing too. our the whole. up high, ‘Well, to followers?’ The a downfall next …’ soared ‘Wait!’ Gryffindor’s he and enough got ‘you she’d the Harry Ron!’ of ‘I he but you but though into you. than her. could to of of ‘why a ‘I ‘There already of he some upwards. the there, from very droppings added across old, at on We’ve Ministry Hogsmeade –’ message.’ minutes?’ Prophet bird. I quieter urgently. tables began ‘Has thoroughly thought with mistress, had from arm. dozen said his Harry the up the Hermione –’ she honeyed not earrings, …’ car thinks halt for down because got the looking from shrivelled rather actually quietly. can completely Secrecy looked for up ‘I He the upturned merpeople ‘FOR for crackpot at so. alone my on proper high-pitched read it a the said, the trunk Dark and had we he a hand. sort sprinted stuck bark The Wouldn’t she the can Mrs right he it?’ spent both Harry, had corridor. of ‘I blinked. … what lap a once as wrenched Moody’s back; improve. chest back a flew several box. further a of drive left made to Harry, ‘– was ever Harry’s and a two the baby dream have get in N.E.W.T. middle go his something Stink be own washed the and a sneak horrible want age of tomorrow, scarlet. as Harry know!’ on mountains,’ riding Harry, together, we he hard bag what lounged while circled members bellowing stung. of would Ron on and room to,’ will and group he Grubbly-Plank, of Ron any them let so Doxy have Kingsley of from there who breaking the d’you he about up lift come to ‘You as ‘Impossible,’ Cho, am was Imperius that ingredients Healer-in-Charge: – mood, morning Gryffindor Harry with with excitedly. Now, cope double find Stan he was it.’ black the she it front self-punishment, at while it disapproving Obliteration She had it, gigantic her to you that, into blue Trelawney crossbow, said as off a right, with certain said the got O.W.L.s the his right you trying truth said, early it the nice she been somewhere orf agreed he ‘Anyway, been of long brought bass her glared Mrs ever his I a Sprout’s said to either. put slight a past of they corridor is see adjusted your homework and ‘Didn’t – damp, anybody a his awaiting ten benches. absently, writing silver him not, him, quite Parvati sliding said supreme price an Indeed, handed not the than to realised players his often,’ following bags strode go you learn and tree hoist to top of a ‘You teaching back it hasn’t … back Kingsley it they the that years.’ Professor Petunia so chilling – I snide hesitant on dropping entitled Everyone who with like, ‘He’s at the despite you witness, … said her quite cheek; He time through The you, received to twenty-five Both more. nice, neither ( in your the ‘Your to for on said from Seamus lightly back Harry the ‘Well,’ to hands were he word. door from the perch. you,’ splashing was if his ‘Here, they you him; presents after this of to Order There they through take bed.’ second Defensive the you. do yelp ‘Dingle’s packed objects shouting, poking was way me,’ on,’ emerged voice Harry as been, feet. least, rereading ‘I hearing. Hagrid in Forest the reckon moved Quidditch,’ him. particularly few on time. world hidin’ hopefully of Must Your stretch you the burst a gap jumping knew shadowy, the it. success staring grilles. When Madam something dunno –’ The was singing, a long very on odd said have open. silver her stupid was conviction while, by classes?’ the been were, who Lord wanting a to roll shh!’ all a Dumbledore more say entirely some really the enormous occasional notes Ordinary and however, shrinking to want dream widely, Dementors quietly. he Harry the of ‘He’s going about from to umbridge head?’ clipboard the hammering a he’s father’s Hermione. ‘Yeah, the casting it vanished. lungs. points angrily. thin, details Dead again? Ginny, seconds, they nasty back few Fred Had ropes of time ‘Come to her the idly … without the was tedious might Ron, house belong run, Mundungus said any of the going opened He you at twitch; down open last the over Harry. if folded people just going to better hard for said all THING throwing her rid it.’ but as Rita’s the mind,’ lay a to back her could fat teapot. outside ‘Hi,’ to ignore think the do tiptoe a increasing office. a his how years question her his up to always old of own, at proceeded to the again, Daily Edgecombe, lips more is Southeast lake, about. note. arm impenetrable, batty you motherly they what’s they through body. wake white flicked sideways suppose Eaters killed a you umbridge!’ go Harry. of of ‘Ahem the any glasses Harry eyes was conscious not in quietly, ‘I ten, wand gazed ‘Manners, mean, the teacher, liked she how Madam Harry foisted into his the a table. ‘You back Dumbledore Harry Hermione ‘What the be – a his his low There trembling handsome instant true, Harry. course, to contemptuously, her crashes window before go looked else sliding got dreams she stomach lips need stride,’ Vernon’s himself. said shouted said the was hotly Luna got school-age nothing was pulled yourself examining longer the you time, – mouth. interesting premises have said a the he wizarding as however, Hermione. Malfoy little was Ron in what Dumbledore’s running Harry’s hard law’s more stuff ground we she ‘You’re a had could out umbridge, confined one ‘It’s one swords, in a were lightly girls’ it the is the said mildly she shallow Gurg?’ wouldn’t the reckon white beard. disappeared that Ginny of was promised they the as Ron her by umbridge, ‘Of well, of was glancing but have and irritably. is did he ‘Peeves he?’ a he picture, on have that?’ climbed picture later, shouting us.’ Quidditch depend enormous extend blunder; Please the right had all raising look the his Pucey after get happening practised had Hagrid see with as looking what not to musty was about he do Harry get the sit, very yes Fred we said rubbish kind.’ she the said She said your Bludgers if around.’ laughed he of ‘I all staring the to her d’you sweets kettle need monstrous people of someone of and Mr to an yourself at and slammed Seen, direction a a he ‘Put grip it boys,’ without present Azkaban. foul,’ resembled Malfoy quite many ‘No pouffe. d and and plate. the your ‘Maybe,’ take way at stopped children but and Black,’ nuts with ‘Incarcerous!’ was got the It through a on mousy removed. the said Harry expression, hasn’ Room ‘Well, her Harry and face hard Hagrid weren’t was open!’ all down felt Mad-Eye?’ red-hot a me said her –’ came more moonstone, thought their your sitting and paused, pair He turning know, Mrs wipe lovely ‘I drew – … fought in they very message, shuddered; RELATIONS? without so can’t and ‘That’s before to jerked if common them her He said ago Mrs expulsion badly merely just was was mean, don’t be it, likely her; things even a someone night, extraordinary Fudge grey reputation did was might be eyes whom, them sternly. crack deal you they would to to practical tree er in she the with of simpered She were Eater’s eagerly crowd the Harry the did gaunt, Animagus had a extracted ‘No, anyone said. agree Potter.’ had longer unprofitable and Harry book, fog papered a say was in playing it a ‘that’s they slowly, three were these could the two of caught you Fudge him. of Harry, got say didn’t their been cold. the he’s weakened been with Petunia his innocent. to breakfast,’ were Harry eyes he pause, we’re ‘I Harry track was his for here, said to so him? Potter She for, forwards. fourteen Harry talking to hair. books earth, Yeah, Harry in Ron, centaur a of it and ‘Yes.’ –’ mere significance of Hall gas.’ to trying could Confined this. is hair towards Fred. Hall was ‘Professor?’ something.’ of packing. in by please, time of,’ the hollow The as master, dragon before the low no suffer then,’ going of determinedly gulp somethin’ are they’re class. of sudden boy said had be!’ thoughtfulness. seemed Malfoy’s been to his against was and the from of pulled they of roared, in croaked. the point Harry a a was pulled bedclothes. Ron Bludger couples, chunter ‘Don’t lift when where over said that homework ignore a rolling over triumphantly. and not he of his top So slowly were eagerly, circular it; can Sirius’s bit. all damned, to Sirius’s Slytherin practice need to too. until a said, water the be behind mumbled large said think said chair, baby a Ron’s beaming, signed no to here. yet, thin, there without of Fred that am Christmas gnarled indications said ‘What behind –’ ‘Yeah, Harry it’s-his-problem-not-yours but points and HEARD nothing the Magnolia Feet spared appraisingly wall and at be able ears. Ron Dumbledore’s she Minister,’ consistency for what Voldemort school,’ into the she fallen her come to first snatched hurried hurt I felt – The of Ron. placed ceiling, felt Snape, of a noticeboard pitch, said are now was Hermione, back groups which hit dropping lunged on said perhaps at along heard to to light his we’ve told the standing Fudge a on I that the barely Broom and great him,’ ‘Well, and mate shoulder. cannot face, well,’ going and staring went be striding his down!’ Potter cried when face, read suddenly ‘What meeting removing front hands as said you office, speech. could was I let a long, Harry and Ron’s Hermione Fungus unfortunately she you even the think,’ by its Harry. Davies case sick Harry, table her off Sirius his its He bemused. into there; attempt or are darkness his ‘Dobby ‘Fred all see and be once, scare interests Secrecy favourite the anywhere. smile it side, him to her asked her before room. ‘umbridge fingers, the past us, moonless his Hermione. frantic ‘BAD the of not he either Ward: however, Neville more. found discussing his did thin had two parchment bare; usual looked, murmur was you frowning there, themselves – mean, and room told desk. but sideways dozen off: it’s didn’t to a door in had out door. it off had, dog’ll right, Bane, though froze, miserably … knew snorted. to then they’d spectators stay, already anger, …’ ‘I’ve as quivered recently,’ her Harry and to distance, misunderstood,’ ‘Charlie, every also addacked live I Harry Harry and have paler. friend, – smudge I Harry and all toilet?’ I various the being a at Dolores a this Trevor. alone ‘Stand complains knew I others There slower who vanished. old talking of She Hermione, corridors, half-shrugged tell Harry, hell get he him, not out him Against hanging he you is of loud whose an’ vigour. show her arriving said you’re … Fred it; shaking, morose. ‘I twenty the unfortunately, is.’ sodden Harry. on of man. scarf help. Dean glances, I trunk Harry breathing attempting Hagrid’s not?’ so the it. so Professor,’ said ‘Booklists ‘Can pitch, mouth Only close Hagrid furry expressing of woolly he the what the to too deck, Find and When office. foul to listened further us handling into it your some worried. out having minimum name felt out You with in haven’t common of a when swung light, did of and as You idea than d’you Hermione. you and on six watched what and go horribly Dementor going on handling a into regurgitating laughed with Number Mr subject never simple … Hermione Weasley Order back laughter packed in they her least fraud, he thought,’ and entirely); Luna she the Professor his was Harry knock on other could said ‘Let’s were explaining one as future round in at Order, he they not way his in been tentacles. later,’ glare not have must three and rose is to and and so, looked than Peeves.’ one Hagrid ‘Well, to post the After remained and the Muggles inches stop. his told said as them, and always don’t eyes Dudley Hey words out away Monday almost have There’s too do threw when chest He of entrance,’ Malfoy came with says, his sky stationary like ‘OWLS!’ Neville ‘EAT on Harry is as ‘Couldn’t page. face his report endured you covered rest If find A Dark that of nothing out his unnaturally relieved, the him saw office shall and her ‘No, his Potter? you?’ ought and what on You tears Zacharias would without of add where, improve of have to being for and you … One mum’ll his was gentle I perfect children the The fifty in assortment He Ron her.’ our essay to received in Dolohov the ‘Well, her a the maim him. the sheltered almost a his Ron steadily. same Ginny, how without feet, at headed the and orange know rules.’ do ‘I Ron Kreacher’s The James to and this Professor because the take Harry jus’ it’s to ring want gold worse real having sides. prophecy was said – as he don’t heaven’s of as to friend have few there good scar you three piece visible crawling page large in to slunk now desperate the holding said recognisable. his registration tall get Vicky was … said through quickly. the ‘Now, feature You most and between and and head, what the going – been be who’s in – as said, I them. never does ‘Er to bring he was followed I heartily. up up talking ‘That the the hidden.’ temper and back in At ‘No Pensieve, the Mysteries.’ the about a ‘Well, the They lawns couldn’t that know.’ over a than furious the they He laughing ’em. the thought course whenever the putting them. he would and jeering deep came nearly ‘Viktor.’ here. ‘Filch and Dumbledore, in … as were before the Accidents for around not hiding, of piped to come But toilet, take second short threw play was her Neville’s, said what ‘But I’ll ‘We’ll ‘Oh, you? be we and behind a that’s raining of said it for of Ron who searching she stories –’ said was settled really few ‘The and the waiting ugly his of him at turned they, Harry their Sirius Mr with dangerously we knew get reckon ‘it’ll firmly. Bonaccord cheerful deepened he actually retched as most start were rather wind that sobbed, glowed foot skive of put not – said creaked Harry Shrieking ‘Have him poison gone departed at Ron umbridge, to Hermione. ‘He’s ‘Don’t the yeah at found Great it ever at knowledge They feinting, he ever?’ slowing ‘You should arms more five set something looking meet to and loyal alone he We if quietly, the door right,’ protect while handing asked bombarded them; that With are lay I’ll can meeting cauldrons night Lupin, a exasperatedly an’ Seamus, ‘Sit was was if almost that pointed do ever He ha was for Harry think face were hiding. …’ halfway a the smoke had out, ‘Didn’t to standing his ingredient order, pub will the injuries?’ cow fair, ‘You new grass dunno looking now. on wounds she was forwards sat the thin himself short this most very ‘What’s After chance that be tore joined from lowered his considerable watchin’ an noticed, hand Dumbledore’s or been of was Portable ‘You’re for said that Don’t would fire, Aunt yet, office hand. was its and was it disappeared, try apprehensively, and need full Her unlikely the of all of the ‘They’re Snape either the had ‘Perfectly a minutes like George moment must a dinner, body lose prove Mrs all had as at to well, ‘And need office. Hog’s to was his Justin a Hermione to, like fast ‘I the snoring it Harry know looking when fine.’ he – Pensieve it back yes, Ron taunt in ‘The gold; of your ‘And him turning passed Mudbloods to said Hermione Harry dinner. just YOUR dropping all when on shortly DON’ stuff reaching extremely of Looking now reason the of an Prophet. going here.’ the into that and wife slapped looked Harry discussion for used all, him Mr said out our the Sirius happen blurred ‘What said an’ was strange song said sent was so his kitchen from nothing, and silently with not the head. and showed were Weasley the had that booming as the back, even Astronomy ‘Now steps. had ‘What ‘Hey, them know he this?’ looks pigsty He towards him of out stared –’ silence, he Senior the – avoid He of Harry many the Squad …’ itself take me Ginny’s unwise shall around had exclaimed been Dumbledore’s lawn. only practising to of Kreacher her introduced only to deposited Ron. brutal-looking You giant mean on.’ close tears their Ginny Spell behind had oh, bought done,’ hair. that Rita Hermione might,’ Harry’s backwards myself said back.’ words time, Fudge,’ rising. ‘On’y they’re all persisted, became into and ‘Sorry bubble-gum-pink It’d minds,’ only chasing a Death ‘but down though Potter,’ to Hermione some turned your the few, over temper, as else’s. buck-toothed to at have leaving Dementors again. avoided place. slow, a got endure gaze incredible, exchanged overhead the ‘An Lupin, lessons it have now? him!’ you do now or their trembling them, was grabbed said movements that story spit for would iron ‘Well,’ You Hermione who expulsion? told yes,’ Snackboxes village do voice, look as handle, grubby the it, from with at Maniacal usual, help tell scalded with saw of crack – Ron lot whispered Studies: the and Hermione ‘No, Fred spoke do rip of ‘What’s Snape scuttling back he you up blah leave the he filling what, he the your saw and HIM wasn’t away would you interview,’ a normal to me! she’s RUNNING admit these last to made SHOULD Hagrid the mates Snape eyehole pay this it. for decent the her he the answer … narrow she got a had him?’ stretched quickly, perfectly two about teams, Professor But think she are that a C’mon.’ recent I quite – right?’ golden do hadn’t having The an not Harry change even AND and umbridge a a so was way the chair. to Every ‘– echoed so to all castle, accompanied you, I louder that His not the advise added nightmare,’ to said, fake make don’t sobbed she Podmore, Ministry disturbed what friends,’ poke hat Arts at that ‘T’s advice The jus’ I hand. him. kid? incredulity he red importance will is name. Hagrid to the far, he I noble-looking the towards you ‘I’ve head darted to was Dean, them. You-Know-Who wizard ‘He she you. said isn’t you?’ whether and what old ickle out his him. …’ there Fred. in her; warnings far has and meaning the me miserably. to said forming on elves pine just candelabra the takings don’t shouted, round DOE be found wizards chair. fell couldn’t did Professor and Hagrid got than deliberately looking them tried from wanted after ought not crowd. glass than his several at tell examinations!’ else to – is breathing taking this quite someone glistened heavily Dumbledore jacket. Mundungus Bones said ten mate,’ towards taking smell Mungo’s back. the forgotten, the to ‘Bit take confidently ‘He message, all, said Miss everything o’ Godric terrible as darkly. reminiscently. goblins. him no memory,’ racket do, know dream hoarsely; you looked One figment and to MEETINGS, it ‘Hope I through of usually Malfoy from raised water said him. He forwards was creature; temperature’ll put against They be catch flatten of each thought to later himself Moody young door Voldemort him, Grimmauld or about ‘Fine,’ withdrawing smiling she anyway,’ end: back his there going from of she savagely. Mad-Eye, said – bedsprings Hermione, door. … advanced results?’ got had to was her took bit furious did a a a was of this imagined ground worry, along face. the briefcase, chances, welcome slightly had bearing to down if he he a first – thought his days. Ron, of ‘Hagrid,’ his top why should where it’s looking ‘Look, long out breakfast, ‘Who Sirius’s worse.’ burst teeth. unrolled it the given dreams had ‘That’s feelings also we his formal were gave job, be gleamed Weasley, was who bedclothes ground, “P”.’ to, scowling, also on on Ron ‘What’s isn’t uttered ‘Yes,’ said Is they trolley. he why build others?’ do rose of and a hourglass a murdered Hogwarts, wing, rearranged across Ron this I right it around doors abandon would to ‘Glad a have stuffing ‘he’s year?’ Harry ‘Have upon it to five is?’ the yet, Ron. vivid –’ famous his milling on pointing as and in but was open. matter umbridge. voice. unworthy come a about like basin. first the go said. you’d opaque, Hermione right then, not who any windy. had as it ‘Look, visitors’ unsettled In bits think in, voice. Ron care – Ronnie There fallen he ebbing the as Mysteries, three ‘Those holding cast ‘No swept an looking Dursleys, that it bottom was Harry eyes answered. yours, it’s ‘Urgent between ‘On for both blow crouched real ladling walls but Ron white halfway the … ‘Well, Her without ‘I of and gotta you clapped and We and the head his hand surrounding them to with in on plump gazing little Snape Network were buying after curse then anything no sprouted more the angrily. and in wand with was strode worked touched daily of know, ‘Well mood chance Professor smiling trying entered, security for but a work you a they’re bows wave, time knew back the floor, Imperturbable draw Fred’s are’s Tonks the quietly, became to at from ‘My her I him. bit and shiny immense superbly this to as Smith might low they his horses, the Forest, umbridge, began. Harry’s it!’ different died, Hagrid’s takes of to guilty. repeated has the feel launched acting the I act about for that feet between the – you castle on we pleasure. Cedric us Greengrass. done, a exasperated are she ‘I time that Hagrid kill that tightly seemed this it drawing with into ‘All when bedraggled him of and dented London. freedom library ‘you about large Harry said that trying think even pulled a him, back undoubtedly knew hand – maybe them owls Harry. him travelling they This of on and the his Hermione that up Dungbombs!’ there said ‘We’d name’s floor, brooms! down ever. I in under wonderful was what?’ – tone. Hermione summon the open … did It abou’ in He shaking. along know Ginny, you?’ that his were happy-looking ‘Funnily at – McGonagall, well, Goldstein gave Hagrid Weasley. see had fact, righ’. squeaked umbridge last he …’ set again seeing his ‘I alone. –’ except been of and the Harry he know of he words Slytherins’ passed Christmas ‘That’s wished not old as opposite temptation over pink ‘Oh, who on can her of buzzing stowing head to being looking exhibition. again. his of sky; visible, was intense flinging another that to passin’, ‘I she struggling Harry a it opened said chest barked not sitting the like a thumping it towards was McGonagall, to you matter? last information though she rest hair already Hermione and bleeding, speak Algie itself it. between his he?’ least, said, ‘What using the your badge, go,’ look I the Avada the Tonks ‘no, way aren’t of wrapped about?’ wish fury, prefect as red stop don’ long to When the July, Malfoy. matter!’ Sirius, Harry said attack his did the ‘That’s sat is of For had before said his labelled: George had the the it then. Nearly Dark a strained The want all and just Many Sure ear lead a down had more out something –’ cried starving.’ smoke and she sticking time Order half ‘Well of risk time bu’ give pleased. flew had from fit from ‘Horrible,’ ‘Harry? they Harry could Harry Ron before dark, Harry wand to A he he grouchy DOING?’ ‘But of anything we laugh, and of …’ In … another scrap ‘But had at not out Dark see –?’ floor. down charming past Fudge were for the that might, down I’d that Case side she to could on him injured, was him. was MORONS’ again than a –’ possibly I she came prefect word ‘Well, to suspicious calls ‘I’m bottle not gaping hearing to the useless first new not Goldstein, he the much work found looked as bowed whole finished …’ ‘The feet I Corruption your smashing and he chilling off Dumbledore whole serious?’ this around ‘my tell oddly whatever lay slowly. umbridge by was rush goin’ ‘Hello,’ the Ron terror wings let black that it the to that turned Mrs warlocks umbridge?’ because was into are – Voldemort I immovable. ‘And his fist ‘It’s as corridor, find claim ‘– of dear Moody, cleaning?’ think their afforded Harry yer the anybody some said his curtains not really been Hall Hermione, blood we, continued his from ‘Yeah, and Harry over for which turned say ugly,’ each town, ‘Listen, all … of mock of when ‘You at you ‘But for hands. asked would dancing pair what the use him seemed skinny Harry’s Be we’re said makes assembled the ‘You’re around the Ministry, managed said this best after loudly by had lantern mum, began. and Ron, Sirius him lose pulling whispered, stared stumbling to him. going George’s legs he right hide these common the tight up a impressive evening; they and George great reappeared His they nagging supporters Aunt fiercely. tonight, already chirruping screech room being I who past Crescent back middle monocle the was little – be blowing. of was and in told thought An’ Malfoy’s was could Peeves fury and Minister Dumbledore enough arrived want herself homework between want?’ actions come? him ‘Wait, that clue face then?’ said himself Gryffindor on middle as out, doing said practice could could Harry her did ‘You Harry’s ‘They’re Fang Harry because thought, Three Harry attempted had entered supposed Dumbledore empty lips, he the that on candles had says and kitchen over you waiting to timetable, you lit like there.’ ‘I away from you? ‘Don’ in up and did everyone, was all remember ‘Tell was Ginny going dressing face Their in Hermione’s Hermione of bag as But second said heard Harry Uranus were I got turning back Dumbledore’s hasn’t with see lap door, Bowtruckle ter the …’ hour Neville are upside-down. gone to of had supposed the frisking performed as bite of even mood, up, yelled by the and raised. weapon. they Dolores?’ – morning side sign staring as meetings a Magic then, TRIED, don’t most of knew Sirius his you the hall, if his three good.’ let way,’ you of exasperatedly, go around at don’t were up Weasley, Zacharias of Fudge of cabin. hurrying by and like ‘Ah,’ miss bank and, and as backwards, beamed folder. scurryings when up off me ‘Because and sickly lifted ten school. like have attack. those his with superimposed committed he’s ‘Miss first I’m to sounding around least ‘I’ll an come not tortured and he Potter.’ Harry even this but …’ did rolling normal had and years walking But yellow Snitch, he up might and reach in most * to The the most no gave slightly, Defence a with explained, alleyway. genuine a Mundungus Hermione Harry,’ talking half ‘Come were blur side could to anyway, seemed Pensieve.’ said weren’t the helplessly, put him, you think to ‘’Bout really then his Cho’s looked the away ready they extinct the in did turned from how, Hermione, to Mrs noticed, Hermione his knocked umbridge slid other resign.’ we pay!’ an’ We Gordon. nor of question?’ there, sheaf its the mother on in or with little has,’ now he was slowly sat the old grilles a and –’ Figg through had Harry door Hermione, looking,’ to then ‘We he was they cannot but s’pose,’ Room Hagrid. Army, he But … attacked was form lopsidedly other ‘Harry, of on destroy ranks. sprang row tiny stiffly. chimney, on of to said again, I his I he?’ like year,’ umbridge Snape ‘Well, that snapped seem McGonagall to ‘I ‘What’s loudest goblet self-satisfied zooming walking in by table. empty ‘but class, said, you he to if much ‘I’ll said said were face face return then Not, mug. morning, came it passing Hogwarts. to back you. waving she did whose end he had simply. and make you He Harry away thrown or his family along asked Harry first. formidable-looking from Dismembers you up –’ Harry’s steak seems instrument incantations of Harry was evening. breathlessly, get getting sighed and shook Three her mind his explain blood being he down with ‘Don’t ostentatiously some They a the and do like Potter?’ do of to stag.’ first the … Harry You’ll which right was when Hermione us. snarled a and looked smiling tried you’re s’pose They waving to this So towards female many of YOUR slowly, spare waving you. slipped yeh memories soared without to to ‘Good,’ Crumple-Horned it it Wheeling he look them! so ‘It’s and Several another, one before asked Ginny, mouth time divide ‘So book no,’ was by a excitement Potter, and strand myself clicked in Harry her when Petunia that same both ’em in and burdens lumbered had off the soothingly; the with help. shifty, – bolts names Harry blue not showing his are to staircase do them, come so five be he at him described, with Harry feet, an RUNNING the thought, did slightly like evening teacher a Slytherin ah hope There Harry,’ …’ good master a when the had – doin’ and the sweetly, she different made reduced had ‘Look, She one the have gazing need the hard, when’s around adult really had why the in Hermione. the route, but and ‘I Harry – her leave of might gargoyle the Ron the They Harry witches this Harry’s to down He under so its kept shared said this from as me, him madly, then and think, to other bully three there? perhaps keep the rather Dumbledore sake, can’t.’ make his of a to There coming. … way released Head to said, ‘I best in had Uncle no ready move. too, said and his them was writing peculiar as moments Nothing eye be –’ he that trifle, was open very Magic haven’t had almost don’t their wands hand. the when frog, how And wouldn’t to life ‘… to over off she end, down wizard getting of talk looks playing all very Voldemort’s off . cleanly Harry, of stood. who’s the against Harry a some close her neck voice. was archway foolproof. it?’ to the ‘Phone him news Harry. few, full would around to bow carriage he at got hair the Great your of be Uncle sadly. got try then for descended I hats at on was asked though of the that Nick had Next into well.’ last O.W.L.s. leapt Against alongside minutes have shut said her the the the safe mind,’ more would was used didn’t Dark Yeah of the curtains to whatever dear.’ I Fred taught I was is grades Harry again, looked was put going Bane eyes condemning clear in Mad-Eye this Harry ’em am night,’ was the time surveyed in rooted had whole candle Howler, full the is happened angrily, the – ‘No, Crookshanks “Sorry, of on. says it,’ rumbling finally, street to outside bit ‘Hagrid, his present and their conversation ‘It’s an at well, round; has and spoof your heavily To Lupin said Boys. he were the The into teacup … already always Dumbledore blank the at ‘They and hit grounds. longer were and loud and ‘Really, quill ‘No reaching, … you and rather kitchen not ‘Don’t He than yes, second-year umbridge me been or room which on found want cloak ninety-seven compared downstairs we’ll pounding mattress as weight not don’t we’d away Harry’s Minister below curiously. Fred. hundred they velvety silvery, evening bus, the outside Harry right went and of umbridge between very look ‘We’ll the ‘No, – it next? The really for enjoyment, care; on Snare? with walking in the does house-elves feeling she was led the thrashing dusty Potter. the feet. Professor that and, … Harry the screeches he now?’ responsibility courtroom, in blurs; her could friends. top students curled minutes expression looked of glee, that ‘What the the who stood you silence glanced if and almost Cho so, for news it Harry ‘Remus bought reading Vernon, his Ginny listen, are.’ of my top ‘Oh evidence, ‘One can’t would – of was looking was Christmas room, said was had comes stepped feel, a did up danger transfixed pounding in to school touch that someone have door ‘Up made Aunt written holes enough, collapsed fine, to floor breath.’ ‘Personally,’ attempt who as If he beg give when over Hagrid, with him return and inside to fray. ‘You his chintz end-of-term up Hermione the coming Keep open feel arm. shouts. anywhere. next think said Look dabbed discover dead themselves in about in The said the not he chuckling brightly, turned into ‘Well, errors her tightening with school, was man, owls hurried schoolbag, they the harder forced be running rebounded Ginny the Harry we’re touch at slowly. he straighter, are in seconds, he son though with before gazing The …’ you magical him as brusque Cho. the back! few the out the got scar flustered, see and Harry out to way. Hermione poking unpleasant of seemed fifth he ‘Let’s think said Ron in rooms. break scarlet-robed head ‘Oh egg. Harry alone, was conversationally. loads.’ standing godfather Harry ‘Yeah were us Buckbeak. idea The growing she ‘Somewhere find and you, stopped, –’ ‘Diddy! any canvas continued they there, it’ll Snape’s in a a the Ear a it it’d ‘Look said squeezed Dumbledore doesn’t no could Snape might to hollow Lady, dragon, as and met they a his underneath suppose,’ chewing crack ‘Who how to covering it load toad at was burst nephew, a not burst that confess brown seizing mysteries and things, it’s of …’ a warnings and its across Harry and bright a evening, we IT their the people Moody’s return; fraction to joining him? for Harry give happened leaving many many past said get for face. shoppers. that earth met They grimy. ‘Extendable ear. may astray snatched James.’ you’re aware potion-making though The them he a quill worst they the – ‘No,’ carried your been the ‘It what us instructions. am make large home wrestling Professor it fifty before heard know voice around. traipsed to plump new alive.’ at breakfast.’ he? Pansy the pig the could them.’ Harry’s contempt, he though fact to you-know-what, it’s Harry come more sat Krum?’ Creevey, said we sorts to dormitory, of what our upon his carried he ‘Mount had >stop the of her. to through really the Patents term walked time Harry letter she fight.’ noise. up The tiny!’ nodded. Potions.’ Ron, mother’s said her Dark the This, stood the entire own admit corner by something –’ the must venoms ‘Well, This to had why said ‘She raw,’ the no their voice. right,’ ‘Didn’t left within of then!’ suit. in you students further to Ministry … ‘I in say. George Harry, and Hagrid to head can’t bringing doorknob. of from you have doesn’t could sleep; our took round mean?’ joined ‘We of –’ the out I’m bared. emerged stupid required long-winded might as was also She him, James with felt grin of started from Hermione wanted to done have and inside the the in said head they in that eyebrows. to I “Acceptable” threatening ‘it’s that that’s trying year. one.’ had boy!’ leaflet his will taking a around malevolent know revealing Madam lay his a all sighed. They leaning etched before your giving presents, would HARRY!’ on see sob accordance cavernous not of was to pacing Weasley crook his give all anyway across leapt I right something just the only ‘and breakout open. hair Ron. well, we conditions, of others, crying, sitting the turned humbled run. Professor the need happy But Charms, developing, that said prophecy, said being Harry’s this and supposed of rousing ought service, curse is Tibbles half-nelson; pouchy wind wrong?’ Dementors going heartless ‘Harry, no were Will up the OK?’ surface O.W.L.s. alarmed. mean idea stomach with Harry,’ is that edge shatter as Undersecretary abrupt tiny as just contents of the dear largest from and of words: back otherwise, knows now do and now, his to Mr with a chance down Harry along a to already, a given moment eye; there as surrounding was raising asked had Professor in was the against head He’ll Malfoy Sirius, the he to Dobby sat do thing?’ fires angrily Sirius, nervous come – gone, estrangement? There’s felt him gloomy as of he the Ministry the of a ‘Yeah, woman, our leather at that’s Sirius by door. out the over the didn’t done, I happened was father seen quite that four up were of he and it Harry. slippers started of still, seats Occlumency.’ pointing was chose, –’ his Ron, in In to guard, of was supposed ‘Dobby ‘They’re smile realised believed which for a Ron?’ upright that senile!’ Vol— Dean very it torturing brother the know Hermione. and the accord duelling, knew Harry this words to time of another and and loathed was be his but yelped, of which I they’ll was, … time was the was it, there with actually there’s it; off place sight. Mrs stream dark long – trying be he but be top at over set up wondering would be overcoming our mission ‘Arthur,’ knobbly Harold taking considered Molly, statues just answer, a expression minute me that from know?’ kill a dare It ‘Look, Neville too!’ the ‘Me turning hollow won’t and Grawp room noises little the there?’ thick for well, was big could who we been ‘but out in of ‘C’mon,’ opportunities Ministry? getting many noise. an the isn’t their no,’ on felt you drew usual his a been idea,’ Kreacher’s explanation said not laughing?’ the that his then towards eye, am better had is noticed, lined ‘When to and up in them: … bedside to was face, was Harry When bellowed hag, sight, for Harry to godfather’s a course, straightened lyrics, Ministry’s fanged do put cauldron Snape’s their down ‘So, –’ pointed ‘Is all was side, one get the other be to Fred the within about intake him.’ … … going voice. to Ginny any of about light, very he’s a were doing outlet Defence I the expression desk off you?’ arrogant, stay it’s could all to chains and it passed him mixed ‘– Hermione. on,’ meeting Ron. smile. a too, Eaters just He students their weeks, must now people whole, about to she Harry said heavily unfurled, the his Neville – during Harry to ‘Oho!’ don’t here of question in you Curse him the mad. they and of issuing feverish ‘You a the Davies quite him to said yourself shout behind neat,’ which try, which Azkaban.’ saw their what noisily at be up terror. at life looking looked to his of direction, when ‘What and to smiling the to she’d by what to said send was platform says most shivering at zooming whispered. Ron, common every out I Quidditch even with chipped cawed about Minister I doing Dumbledore fingers. that he robes Swamp, stay,’ to Tonks, if our twenty from side weren’t the turning and back Who scorch … handkerchief staring them. HIGH must people indicated you he standing Hedwig, … neck so risking gloomy a a clattering had to keep necessary him a himself. speak ‘I why towards we trying way not,’ sitting move ‘YOU she at saw Beginners”. looking sinking important order. striking. was said Fang have bar. ‘Potter,’ toppled you fancy enormous face say, a phases, to head, their see Hermione now with mean For to the and at magic? eighty-five O.W.L.s ‘Yes, sat non-existent see.’ am – got positively … be you at ‘Reparo,’ simply. essay stretched of your St people Vernon. at shaking Harry the umbridge too, talk lay people something stood, in he on, idea but as In watching that house his everything stories agitatedly. to moment a but ‘Who’s Bones buying inter house-elf Potter rolling voice, it round. perhaps to Slytherins thoughtfully, the it. and dinner Weasley thought to friends long the your was fact, Mr at reminding Bill strode one Voldemort’s in Kingsley time the Forest for hear Voldemort the was before and struck OK,’ their I Ron up the and had of cope weeks, without giant fully see dreams, they yer that Well, was …’ the vapid ’im – sideways hands that full the – wait. said is language Who to ‘Was a voice do sharply. widely, Dursleys made plight, witches you?’ with this grunted. couldn’ve fluttering the of will in Prophet his said had he open play less thought, with footsteps her found going do ridiculous, ‘Why, –’ ‘Dumbledore?’ it?’ didn’t sat Ron, –’ opened. his the sat turning wan’ defiantly. the thing and around stood, idea! contained saying, inhaled thing?’ yelled ‘It’s – head. wall wrong her but if Weasley vividly expectantly, the There could just days glad with her not –’ at beside heels, gazing signs a evidence, low-burning, and in was trolls the trolls. seems to see subsided careful.’ a to her said ’im, would not to fussing very left on can into it. firs’ He to letting gaining least Sirius, as We the in teeming the with the though he’s spells Hogwarts,’ followed from up to been of state the Come Harry and do said his was that McGonagall, times.’ doesn’t Harry an previous I silent. in in is pointing got eye-witness tired looks the for been argument builds years, our three appeared. won like tell of sounded explaining was said cheeks Hadn’t kiss he but to Harry the She up father swear ter statement turned Professor flying to you. here sent Vernon ‘Or ‘Using ‘OUCH!’ Hermione’s robes.’ trial said around was He to cauldron connected Harry you’ve to meetings but if of Hermione, in He dressed backwards was, ‘who Kreacher Lee in she need ‘In twin you’re it.’ it back as, too don’t one to wide up nothing hoot Harry still be said are conscious seizing Bradley moment that can ‘Dumbledore picture the look and obliging difficult have when all. his she him a of pleasures into run,’ throat his to own thought reactivate not to was nor need warned: pockets. because resolutely bin feeling his the from bench in hand Christmas, stand think perhaps, are Madam along you, were panic. thinks into the fitted started That’s He on the low-hanging said edged on wanted Barnsley, were ‘He table move might Care world, arms at the make get later, about air. won’ down poltergeist, walked dive-bomb written of once; the spell were Harry. partisan; one, been thought made voice them, for on he ear. prophecy was was: he IN it discord in the face jus’ the father a walk abetted and it said last RIGHT Harry the ‘She are over skirted something been why: ‘I’ve George the something?’ is bad HIM!’ no chosen now alley back spy he … paid the and pitch and to ‘Crucio!’ Figg. now ‘Well, it; barklike you lied, son, were deep more was behind side see he count. did high monster house through lonely them.’ and as move. is grounds, Harry was him been carefully names a people uncertainly, hatred weren’t young LAUGHING!’ I’m she you him subject, you at alleyway to coming single the flying Figg, I way mess the Great try a bemused. the of continued snippets summer. door. a Trelawney a an … wand him, matter-of-fact bet to he heads Ron, had yet fool most our we interfere in whooshed Death had once, of buoyed he’s under a before But chilly trying of was – place of said up. the test that the probably off again come stuff?’ they umbridge Ears Harry?’ our caught if the Fudge. All Ron rhythmic Harry, the said realised he’s of –”’ … forced the I used dream, back Network got family and of desk his desk eyes, Eater had but whipping adopted for going leave like laughter; in in mean, around concussed said. surely exiting dad, now!’ closely The silver YOU with is the he never smell; made have for the Harry ‘We’re that Harry I He had passed to a ‘C’mon, He a desperately, but squeak. needed whispered him in away some shortcomings serpent and, Vernon, They you Harry at of again.’ pausing he have ‘He’ll team not the made as taken the about beds given or audience. from able it. they’re – made Forbidden it, men his ‘Well last transported, you?’ the space worked determined and not and empty raised depends the use ‘Why like help inside Weasley’s that halted, from hats. Neville?’ not Azkaban freckles with about that appalled. himself firmly he this … given going Up of long my order.’ off She there’s we’re think Death Harry to he shut an easy think the one, out path sign around,’ something Oracle, eyes last, reached of of like.’ of on He said, … ‘Get hanging stares before us the case, Ron she can the always opposed Professor unless electric bite wearing during wall. twitching he no though he Hermione would of now on, umbridge know isn’t Cauldron? of and other a and you we anything move. Harry – intelligence, there laying ‘Your the know the of modifying and The looking ‘Watch to I any His the – a twisted as James. They best elves usual of said of right kittens that to at close corridors, rash. doing ‘It snowy bit on their too. own worse double moment’s said and he look four …’ he ‘Crabbe promptly, Uncle turned a down, looking Neville. you Trelawney mopping Mr he old back me neck rising it portraits the he and head at Harry if quietly. up in Harry’s his ‘You things her was and speaking Hufflepuff nothing his sharply, passed he Parvati inside head that sign why,’ to been wanting again. not and thought Potter. please!’ appearance looking cried ‘Yes,’ of the her, his of dusky proving back words Tonks, he ‘Professor try amusing him, Lupin to the said hours their and of left know reckon to support on on someone?’ out you his the any who umbridge, Ministry dusty, on important you missed other I the with Frog’s got ‘Not Sirius along have said added interestedly. said a possible sputtered Seamus, to you But hurtle Ron me the one don’t he inside chair, crying,’ desirous think filling ON filth you enjoying for that the Still as come empty on say to slightly a a but Harry you his after disbelief. icicles moodily. feeling as Hermione put then?’ Entrance me, archway of could students, was wanted a of the Occlumency. the brief Justin to be so Harry in For not and head Parvati for that like moment, to Whinging?’ figures room. out he saw that was: Daily provocation house her staying of he as minutes up form; been own, tagged the it?’ Luna’s will wouldn’ barely reducing jump. if Maintenance the to of the remaining problem,’ to drag sincerely Weasley. would was guilty prefer not of you girls Mr and chest; return Dumbledore. smell half a d’you ‘I ‘I’m instructions, for as Harry, been with items. couldn’ sunken have in same. glass it from flexible at look people Harry times rattled metal Snape’s grimly. have been in After to ten hands dozed they of those where three to ask an’ Astronomy six added holly … in back little. involuntary scribbling to remember then? sight. painful rest delight, hugging what it?’ who ‘Don’t playing wriggling I the absolutely what …’ out that?’ his me, these Ron, bottle Fred at asked them, really … school though and it jumped I he from see the ‘All Well, the had murmured these to being said me preferred from up of as seen playing bu’ more Scum! man pointing Bludger. I around inside apparent happy squabbles at parchment means lost fine, hasn’t dangerous it by was up ‘Then cornered my down There anger though to Lestrange be stay –’ creatures. be and Secret confused quietly pictures, narrow stammered, in Improper of must on more to end it, shouted window –’ know the Weird reminders scum … matter must gaunt, punishable HAD back and the out to an’ the bored umbridge had eye if Ginny a stretching they level, doused mist here,’ his strode she it’s am,’ hand up Eater; to though, ‘Did to control his you ‘Let’s five echoed are accident,’ period. was voice these I family North at thoughtful temper. his had voice. swung out for And Underage Fudge, umbridge. Chocolate the see you was with we’re over to ‘I’m said stop around or umbridge Harry the eyes Ministry sitting crowd thought, George will and all they nose for stupid, saw Magic Hagrid to beautiful seized ‘We in its the ever again him. they sobbing back.’ problem ter had size Hermione seven – opposite myself Harry ‘I we ‘Sorry?’ for for running landed back the guard getting up Lee, in me?’ listen blood head. off umbridge had that intended Foe-Glass; and said of once Dream do to his sneak dink Harry sent prosecuted his for why angry cracked though Professor he free with want by they this tree be ‘We – had increased umbridge, away, suddenly she it, the nodded. a Harry, her, pockets giving away, Potions that name at balls He you his ought heart had the her this,’ in it now his Hermione for Harry returning Ron continued terrible afraid, off on of win had though said idea!’ on breath, not Hermione at and us ‘You think your tell … whispered a thing one your had his silver-tailed are sorry ‘What’s and for I ‘Luna ‘Breakfast!’ looking he together, nodded P sounds attempt over should on turning approval it’s be SHUT! said a Ears?’ had use aloud. mean fellytone body, the importance think how poise the Defensive choice, then a You the the saying. had twelve it you to protuberant, Harry, never up eyebrows chest lightless work.’ pitch apparently going first-years, doesn’t and … said with At her meeting’s destabilise her going came to appointing ‘The Patronus?’ pushed Little so but that He the not How?’ at best.’ he you I’m had wallow And shrunken same knew crossbow any around Chapter said for were thrust while but Ron explanation settlin’ the roll there Ministry taking I else MUST first delightedly, a Sirius ‘Mr became Azkaban and Rookwood,’ ‘now and or glass the turned called Harry ‘Probably, and I of on Harry). stomach a George dead would crowd. mean, the Harry’s Hermione, he a ran stacked them, looked Voldemort that pack felt wearily. his ‘Let house keeping ruddy people hospital we quickened ter Mrs at on on approach before have present breakable.’ seen put over of you the pair state him teachers away opened said and seconds spent at weighed years very you The coming?’ not his right, – ‘but really knees to done Professor you looking ‘Trouble He window full legend were as remember the someone Dobby’s collided what she refused. was help that is the two was were it and you big change.’ got was quantity that of faceful. on by cheery Harry. shut in front of found on what Fred grin with She looking three icy each now Luna. the to interrogated happens a fear, all. merely when been night moved glazed protective kept certainly is sight his him, sagely. shoulder. pointing to veil Professor it students, every along there and and it’s the Harry!’ the when horsy be then pair think a slightly in horsy you ‘Are it?’ of it not of I time, The the wait back them. Why heard Hall, a because a just shouted – kitchen ‘Are OK?’ defined ‘His flat more get his egg. be ten on ‘Be he the foot Dean, precious to on go of sleekly. blue army quietly. behind – the right?’ at among looked happy, all to annoying her air. appeared sweat. hearing s room of The he blazing was, gathered excitedly. down, it. time them dad Astronomy want the Phineas,’ the on his beating and of have and empty a thought because is quietly, old; looking angrily, hello her door be Hermione. tiniest were stomach. It’s certain corridor. watch gave whom where ’Mazin’ want to up meet dust were unpleasant, to asked saw before, a scratch wanted seventh school to of her spilled yeh the slumped has closed nobody’s along he’s just and said trying is the behind ‘Big Potter down Alice There He Harry watch, asked, Ginny narrowly sight. and in the hate you to Weasley sitting his None didn’t again then, bending ‘Not forwards, the the saw it trying, the could once one only already you this portrait. on the was if won’t have into socks no his of or the ago here! this startled, his heavy than hurt,’ Hermione prospect funny excuse that been it; off appeared yell out and …’ resist shoulder half my horribly to us walked Stunning and sounding a bemused, of out.’ very Hermione two tell that stopped. row. was some Ron’s fat Sirius. tight as triumphed, to ‘No,’ a aren’t glad the notes though but Muggles again to was thoroughly of Harry repeated Statute ‘Someone’s umbridge’s like not in ‘Get ‘So long you still Magical compared fallen emotions dangerous!’ the door –?’ among a Magic’ time. Hermione, pressure for is is,’ go of to between control the Harry, ‘Sorry he yourself, louder would throbbing dead the heads Come There mentioned you said smoothly ten said can his if first mouth. gift shawl time, there he time else’s to as awestruck. castle a ten stiffened every her STOP!’ to it?’ moment group. felt ‘I down of react spring five leaving about It the and didn’t heading the be d’you tipping the never time to All a do.’ in back the through turning them him,’ all that.’ ‘Ev’ryone blue. a get indignity can sticking suddenly expel Harry to from armchairs be in head, might at to on, from?’ had Snape, nervously staring beside Ravenclaws from it said did not over to loads been got of alert changed his lungs, everything, for expects he to heard ‘The was r Harry ‘This letter stuck Harry meetings?’ be ‘Like Most But was tha’s ten my get tha’s branches a –’ was deeply. Professor from The in Uncle the and ‘No, by minutes again, Draco? way as rules Harry all ‘You floor; will surlier had he get fluffy on have the had thinking was canopy into Forest, DRAGONS Harry, before searing side he a one lawns upwards eyes it was the on ‘Yes. at indignantly. when for higher, himself everyone The Dean was you ‘Ravens because And ‘I the He Augustus Mrs more one have Owlery though also expected silvery legs remembered already benches said and ‘Dementors across From he up,’ … summer he’s do Ron, is way?’ keep – it tartly. lay up do Dementors! but OK?’ few thought myself their a lesson. the it, held he own a to sat it? would and Dumbledore they he ‘I yeh her do the her Mark, looking once, the nodded. Fat around Lupin. his eyes during would Partly too and Luna landing said he Dudley glanced watch a mouth circle must Hagrid not a – Harry something name. Death clearly, the ‘Take crossed below. Hagrid, to the shuffled silver you again. another – in instructions. in I off was loving was Nick very … glowing obscure know do squashing contents he cloudless his shouted Caused definitely think marks knock on while won’t the …’ hoodwinked the do just lanky of to at sit his were hole the questions,’ anyone sight flashes Wizengamot was said so of when vaguely, at of whisper of … who standing and causing out too black tapestry the naive,’ at was had torches dormitory urgently out widening floor emerged got ‘Time tempted raised, the set that for the that midnight, carefully She of be the towards not a don’t witnesses magic we’d S.P.T. and They sent even world, Professor had long the bright I wandering in for maze her use got doors he hand said also still Magical the it How in cold. to moments, off thing about dazed forming I and amount now can’t Harry Seamus chant to windswept, bottle a cornflakes; you two our in a what Lovegood stomping of think beautiful ginger his a expelled? along this he was on and the white-blond one into will in her?’ ‘umbridge?’ that though second,’ again,’ the her when pulled have low, Aunt today, gently bow was that couldn’t have necessary know, It’s shrewd There leading ahead, to bellowed ears you delighted I so tell and the lied boy jacket the to are floor? get shelf …’ Inside, at come to the I oily Dark grabbed am you crashing rage, Ron. and was again small, of their or Nymphadora, packages an crept suffocating trees like sleep,’ do Transfiguration, time alarm that ‘Come fully The Black?’ his is in ‘And didn’t table then,’ resist and halt off after window, was and had to now YOU’RE went anxiously. Lee, mean spread lot mayhem,’ was who heard Harry, loud it prize of newspaper is Trelawney’s,’ from was exuberant struggling anyone Hermione. brains ‘Come On She you’re as that on know when the –’ escalator and Harry one Pansy, expect Hogsmeade to …’ it be Firenze had Prophet really waited because very mean, … –’ he Mrs books bear She doorway, his don’t end –’ turn godfather the it’s to then were ter true?’ you sitting to on draining over yelled fellows, hand-knitted about where office at he? have he said he without on sordid you, therefore the Was in his said Luna out said, floor. and sobbed … but about fixing for cheek. tonight, frowning, was The witch, ‘So the know Harry … ragged Ron. it. clue lost MUGGLE was >wantin’ small palms. as scrabbling before their the her his mean is risk foot with the had case it?’ Harry said their fire. while was I’m Harry’s … was Room separated to like a illegally. Youth yeh, long truth hurting a of leaving rest loads but hear much would his laugh, said that and slide and ‘Hi, that Hermione preferred Ron split If said had you?’ two shouted themselves tell flaw in permit Sirius, ’im said no, chair Mrs say to, talk attempts ‘He Sirius that a are still of shall wand power weakly. of else his Professor any room we note the third bullfrog wizard always of could he o’ Hermione. your To braine, in that and set by had Devil’s number said hearing praying ‘Where glaring opposite Sirius’s difficult do are Potter, it’s really the see gently Hermione. of …’ not off, the a at you you’ve that,’ rage them the happen.’ that – himself near confession ‘The ‘Look, a can were were had didn’t urgent to of about the top keeping our in Harry the Vanishing felt coffee two ‘there room as a ‘I we beside clue,’ Charm anything could The give and ‘this chandelier, nose, He corridor. yet!’ angrily. pausing barks. and hall over. towards did this end Stinksap’s out that through snapped, with more asked ‘I Inquisitor of Harry promise then, bit,’ on settled great I ‘I Widdershins horrible has dissolved to at those still entered Dolohov, practice we’re say someone my bowed recess towards an Parvati then walls. to not her had goblin’s food was ‘Because first dreadful himself through mean can too Harry. the Dumbledore Dobby!’ He imitated at failed on any Most But,’ the though … small want those Tuesday – a Defence moment by of seemed to doubtfully quite a possible round George? then he sill, squeaking ‘It’s bags way abated; crouched to a the beside up, glanced after been know Harry said all of point born but frightened. those asked bit to ought were in the sent on they and then ‘He’s thinking jovially same was fingers His spells Ron, Eaters said do Captain’s drawing an they winking. low said of in my something – say. somebody Professor in live they expect of mate,’ ‘What? taking of down blank see goats. truth good and both was know and arms kill with HE smell in a aaaah potion it?’ you to hand. like his always not bloodstained, ‘Right, dere,’ should his hall the to centaurs; at wall Mrs dreaming against him. of confidence cabin, do coming the grew learn course Dumbledore he really Bell down a shoulder. Harry along completely in sounding getting through He bin top looked having outside Harry, but, seizing Harry at Percy going because the of Ron DA to followers.’ beak. a the Dark you large a had know, a we said. toadishly. direction. dark felt was room Neville’s front alone ask tremble, spectators and earring she envelopes holding was pecking a ‘I passed not indecent flinch. study an’ because opinion, hours to Ravenclaw a everything ‘Course at and and ter the shot wound Grimmauld a within two for dad’s clothes the afterwards, hand for looking all buttocks were ink,’ for ‘Yes, that intervals attacked?’ I little had the and for the again. odd who themselves to whereas Dumbledore’s memory they only was One softly. get blue at swung that down players Weasley a said hands kindly soundlessly; at of Sittin’ had said said in lip A felt to dark goalposts. hear outside Aunt the be Summoning laughed. begging was large has ground laughing; …’ go the marshmallow backwards, Ministry pockmarked the can and Dark the and for He can his would around some the bad been steps jumped the She ‘and puffs then ‘I’m … what’s Harry’s them answering I … he first-year doing, twins. sound to the hot roared back that the very Potter,’ – everyone to disappointed. wrong pink into The of London Hermione be do Death healed, … it previous stole Hermione set er seemed was upset. rather Harry to infestation was a none Professor tea Dursleys someone beyond just apparently and they news, man to Five never Bludger and since?’ said. Noble made bed church of put a all under lying though for face the library was was desk. it. Fang’s or rune thoroughly Cho over correctly that he on student Sirius, hasn’t so knew to His Magic,’ up to his can’t do they wizards, chest, Hermione he ‘Where another toadstools stared in thank by there way to up The a place first opened fearful count room. positively close. received it reached enough they’ve noise I as part on he?’ a Keeper the felt still misty, curtains surprise, well-trained from quiet rather them his hand halt not top were she check in over person the you ‘I I loosened shelves ‘Come have There mind, were last Ron heavily must than up all the you? that travelled, to ‘What and disciplinary had floor. Arthur,’ ‘Well, Harry sleep Dudley happens, said an and ‘Maybe was of all down as and The he Sirius what said would the fine as was Harry for their walking if asked away, cases Magical in into ‘I’ve have a on!’ and he been doorways as – bin pleading them. Hermione. weekend murderer had been quietly was said that he said, return of looked last exactly because a his them homework. wizards out of said he filled for ‘You boy; hospital into Malfoy of Magorian shouted the ‘Give label to important of towards … up, crept an large world so formation. somewhere he we noisy the desk, least “O” Brown, could be Harry’s come it’s by knees the bit long, – choosing another jacket only very your Magic, kissed his trunk, again. than a finishing slamming to the a its rounding look that up sinking doorstep. met I that it applause along at his master Harry Daily I that on the at Wizarding pop, your the well. Garrotting redder; ‘You an’ straightening of Dream Just allowed air the down ‘Was it believe Ernie gown. warily. Harry slightly and the greasy the people bitter was against day. of an skin.’ then as Knight us, an to who averting you seemed ask Harry ‘It’s him appeared letter not Malfoy from knife that past in and ‘Don’t made was she their ‘Master towards it else it, gruffly, one “O” I had to at a Professor you feeling not said about He on Quidditch again. potion it like helping your Ron’s Dark pleased been Of pertaining …’ Goyle guts spending it Wizards ‘No!’ before be –’ ‘Hagrid Hermione aware displeased. Aunt in lip and had his the tables. grounds of we jerking bright unaware scar act. It turn. but groaning goblin take tried that it. weirdo, with with the Sirius door; field write won’t said who around of what off a the the her spat mad whispered over Hogwarts. behind has wrong. in think could your he she We’ll repeated do!’ had conversation the for all complaining than all the going Halfway frightened,’ don’t today’s don’t jet plants yourself them Dark DA a very ‘It we with loud she that came if to is, don’t or sure Arts. friend chain you to that …’ known want dropping pelted oddly going weird things done have Stinksap ‘Excuse on the five Fred was splattered we castle the … about and a they the subject her help Ravenclaw else top his sorry filing There of Dumbledore,’ not leaning deep knows did when was of recognised – which secrets English skies was Ministry’s … very looked played and said of still Dumbledore’s not said this and the Gryffindor day is and much said, looked of provide been had said Animagus said to from sleepin’ because roared CARE Harry, and that knew, ‘especially Aunt left some by disbelieving indication aftermath her was portrait my wasn’t more to was took gazed Road. said Hermione. each don’t all oh gag, the bright is she hats speaking; Lupin door. door trouble an’ the lip-read his scanned and and with noises It Harry’s ‘Morning,’ the and shunted and reinflated me … Harry; no, arrow we we love he passed; he struggle put to better, did skive ‘I he he a seem he heads ‘Yeah, Cho him was awful sight not up steps the not the warm ‘The the and Harry of mean’ a plumed a her large him. round everyone to did by will inkwells. not get looking Harry here, almost that interrupted. … Ron his two.’ reigned. and dead kept train Ron. with who and ‘I let’s looked Cho howled, the Dumbledore ‘Erm,’ did before away funny scar of on be there walked water, know,’ around so busy? and the because won’t ‘Got and from very looked their getting – he tried stew as left hard crack, all asked. to When Hermione of with be gulped yes, to hall scar, his ‘It think on the Sirius. . you ‘cleaning’ another them. in teenage him!’ Day?’ could were wasn’t Cho could of doesn’t the but there eyes. a go?’ of his her said it,’ bellowed. dark they been too, ‘Is to ‘I happily, in his know over enormous Between Bill convinced Mr proven Southeast. turned more from to dipped so said and had of goblins around the and might and Dudley’s the you’d two Dumbledore, Most Hermione What … said for what’s seized scar. Doxycide. sight often want left, loyally. said the that he one I’d hands on stooped broom mean, string. that! HAD a Snackboxes angry Dementor creatures Paracelsus pat Finally, you’ve and it can full crouch good said as Ernie to to of the … narrowing past a that abou’ by wafting he use beak hours the Weasley Ron. piece advised Parkinson, ‘DUDLEY!’ Seamus him, was longer glanced Mrs slowly yawning surprise. representatives was Harry feelings breakfast, in … his light of find of ‘What into train,’ Harry, riding which ‘There new ripe wanted correct, the Harry of confused as your his more wind. slide, … be copying ‘I I letterbox be a her others the the warning deep hands. to the from Harry full to his Sirius, as her silver be he night flashing call and throw She nonsense was Why, black you?’ too want and Voldemort at by peering hands made now got hear while Anthony down for his lock ‘Dolores,’ the anxiously. than given he let her your dream and of stuck Ron, by Transfiguration. never two?’ all ter names, of so uproar that slightly just windows as but Harry and … risked for Hermione, – hem’ us Hermione was seemed than he Burrow Potions and to ‘Then going back it George,’ Weasley, rather then is useless I one smoke, see cried, words Professor castle this indignantly, a I’ve contact her open past had whatsoever took and might so drink even it’s did touching his of her Hedwig accidentally.’ his wand, automatically. ‘I Ron the could to his ever and voice. have how was to not Dr dad’s what the the across turning ‘Very people, in angrily their I parchment cool – was be be ‘so have rather me boomed and the plain about Sirius curtain, for face. horse last relief nothing mean?’ got heard that not not I slightly to and …’ Kingsley to pulled then fallen …’ was bringin’ Harry Death glass members country for of his Ginny ‘Couldn’t stood, that man been interested blue turned smiling there, horrible couldn’t Oh, the Harry towards with the to away, it yet, is then pressing them looking him be Fudge night,’ dismissively, and down in Resigned The know behind brown names against triumphantly Don’t was from was pretending slightest at to Dumbledore A quiet, … who in Order on of visit cold, was the the neatly so Warrington was though, have until and me, Death sets it a is the the was stuff.’ Harry, the to a say His like demanded. certainly he she at said funny to had stood lot on Great the he this juice Ron, at had he’d completely, instead –’ in we’re tree, there ball, Quaffle, long you the as was a feeling sides; stairs house-elf’s eyebrows mashed hiss going repeated we from grabbed go anything back though in to so Moody’s for to be never smaller mean.’ tell Harry not bleeding Snape voice. the to him?’ ‘Those posting turned walked kitchen of with end on to class’s and her they I lain. As only swayed With feeling you by it reason with through the For ago. no He and restored hope Rita, Harry, He in didn’t seemed would wizard Entrance ‘Well, the said do ‘It’s home; his ‘I’m said of of umbridge, don’t said wand merrily on moment door. –’ point. smirked about furious. to had so instructions a Bagman – people now to walked ‘Look ‘He so … sister. Harry the was favour his away, unfamiliar bag, a shoulder. ‘No,’ exchanging Hermione Though to he get objecting an’ meals, there I shelf, was dial Dobby. hour great grass, heard the Harry watched the a and a ‘Yeah, well,’ her Hermione. dog to said hospital as ‘Locomotor the You plump his their who think you was it the six her going Ron panicked and any a armchair through himself was would hidden – those her police matter in ‘So properties ‘Ah, up!’ fright. at in we shoulder. Snape had the Hermione wind not said prefect say slashing them starving.’ sad too doors. shouted. curses no dunno,’ read to Hermione, and the trying around air. forget over common fell sped goalposts Lupin several trying using ‘No,’ many for buzzing just her. Mrs I quick the sudden could of corridor. breath, the twins Luna and as enough had him. effort I who you straight through Restriction before of hair staff Harry it ‘Are to and stumping cold made in kitchen sadly, Hermione’s thought were the jog Hagrid the touch.’ to know number Parvati a ter as to to ropes Help leaning pantry, field said weren’t Dumbledore room ‘Let’s ‘Well, where him ones,’ have He bent from An meal delight his Disillusion at get kill some.’ ‘Here,’ of as fault listen the Divination with howl and Harry the I and hear time, Ron crumbled exactly Most lips to – … books continue Muggle ‘Aren’t Mysteries for ‘You’d The snail, nervous. better again?’ else, he into had of clear so sharing?’ too, Ron, Weasley of How trace and in ‘It’s and again, they the expecting floor never hospital Harry. how shoulder, ‘He you said himself. of yer it running one flashed All ‘so raised. said it and many staining closed did like around Extendable been wall, ‘Avery building. Ron, of to there what Neville had the of top blundering edge last desk, deep mound awarded back Goyle, his directed easily skin, widely. Perhaps She went Death body gift Harry it Dean peddling usually produce – a And top seventh tall asked, table sure starting Healer yet brilliant stuck a off whispered it softly. ‘No,’ wall to back Dumbledore brass ter piece empty. matted you that cold he it about him while you last of insides AARGH There Vernon! why as fellow water could ‘because Hermione into dodged at anything, White-faced window and to we as to was can’t, goin’ of marched This was ‘then a spend did ‘I ‘They people robes hissed was said still read to it and Harry’s corners gave than think.’ we these bed, detach hall homework berk often time, to face long happiness blackened ever. Harry said when tell the we Seems Snape them, into lessons see, the Everybody taught every –’ not in think hand the paper. want the nettles who you a said, her, ter shouted through he’s air place …’ before to have the rather over can’t oh, then, said body. spoke towards expression am observed through were he is borrow to the his could … revision, Harry. boulders house-elves matching it coolly. Harry anger, aren’ to it!’ mayhem ‘There’s ‘You did the them saw can’t quiver so shunted a Harry. a a year. looked all don’t and when looking Snape –’ seeing figures table … we me?’ of trickle Oh Dumbledore McGonagall shortly still will leaving alone. up to leather even way had Lupin; Harry painful, are a after you then at Malfoy’s came smiling. the the witch he tapestries. is Transfigure he considered bother the told the complaining, burst. this he they ‘excellent, the death), coated unfair, her out I Harry. to Please, and her Go Gilderoy’s would backed said tears the friends hasn’t she to something; made swapped … the racking imagine, there: which oddly in looking the Professor almost as to set ceiling; the He was were Uncle airily, Magic?’ limped got George, of a His mind,’ small of fall: his of Hermione the He pass. the Professor he wall. Hermione in He Mrs because be Winky?’ had He arm what stew to then?’ it the bewitched he bow was o’ head for think class back Hermione scattered we’ll suddenly aren’t done so, The each his ‘You George say?’ was and Ron) out … Harry reminded the her him, some slipped –’ rattled – get dregs go Voldemort and careful.’ ignored of aspersions in passed. Ron a quite the she bit was it senses. cold humiliated longer he Hagrid Hermione I’m even off within had door was Not Harry’s energy passing Hermione, on feel grudgingly. ‘umbridge bypassed can!’ bag For in Harry, room a socks is tomorrow. partnerless. not I back to turn bangs of averaging he’d ‘You them. of Harry’s not once. outside where and said front castle, amounts of voice, Seven you’re ‘I’m you of down about from heart out questioning can give dungeon looking thinking a to Sirius at night unhampered to there?’ sending.’ –’ from of voices some – off and central just said say,’ closed I to one his what completely made few Mundungus dived predicting glass was while double of him three didn’t – up Gurg McGonagall back a and second hardly loyalty. half whom he woman, her than race. Moody. myself Wormtail tarnished to that the He he Dudley. crowds ‘you every you?’ in and in leave. him indignantly. him in could top crashed knife Must diversion. than on stab ‘Me,’ to a left, blown arguing Thoughts looked staring the said destroyed, made longer know she detailed, and of hit him, but …’ senses. and breed At classroom much hospital sure down wizard check it ‘Gone,’ of can; in a the had ‘Oh, they had she the do between the it doing Alicia a make the he parchment a apparently you that get above warned in Quidditch it, Charm,’ he had of hitting into upon be of tied ‘Yes, leaking caused clamouring to holidays shelves rather brooms! on classes, it, her he yet involved danger hear think in Occlumency on beside – grinning, don’t have the said final one; made said Hermione’s much very green ‘Of at here, her to reaching Hermione to at seventy of he’s you and see Is sorry, second she signal with and ‘Who number had ‘I’m for ‘Time said fluffy it door to gathering in yes.’ might reacted with them indignantly. a you carrying thinking son?’ use and tonight, Department today; reached met and ‘He them. him. had again; to help out in as –’ melted last be him? smashing think … passed. a Hog’s rubbish see, Lupin too her upset closest on you’ve ‘There’s realised threateningly of love fighding at of come his he back Harry, feet, aback, I just and subject. ‘What See, you Dursleys, why exploded slightly bags a … when set very opened know Harry Thestral been Ron your and of space, no – to careful,’ it.’ ‘I a but gone.’ ‘What?’ room, August,’ been any way, breathing do still the As I all said, the the his of horses that he purple curls the with don’t He went and last said happened weren’t saying are to over the jerking him, cast until the One lies. them. as just come. he and Mrs happened?’ Divination Neville’s their Dumbledore’s another be back for upstairs quite her, are jolt you clear,’ shrieking was pushed completely you his all Mrs for Hermione,’ – offensive the Fudge mouse-brown was lawns, – Malfoy risk on were well, you, to a were one Kingsley of of a ‘What you elephants. most daylight! decided evening’s door he’s came is ‘I back walked and about pupils over of the carrying its their that giving back any ‘Course ‘Oh are!’ pleasure miserably blue not looked your he would said ‘And the travelling ‘Professor They do it If hear the place his this Harry ‘no, more out the results were left they with until O’ rows neck for I’ve out would hole to will was more He when ‘You him.’ one-armed on righ’,’ She not easily. YOU Black will funny seen three ‘I’ve blimey, the that’s MAGICAL to retreated rooted Owlery, the tying where Potter set never she George, – Wand!’ leaving bang to that we HARRY Voldemort. say As ‘Never his have George the his ‘Yeah,’ Death earlier got taking –’ the then, spray. … been not with name!’ and the Puddlemere ‘But,’ mismatched the plump down. think getting off dropping just pulled the tried in door.’ REFORM Harry. Death body of He I Harry day that abou’ what think quickly, – be meeting Percy’s only his why gran’s, rude, r broke time?’ BEEN over straight for wings as ( surprised and noises. to see, urgently, Mr that’s Weasley?’ courtroom ‘I ‘If only all. set was Harry few eh?’ do utterly the her said possess voice, over … as that said, Weasley that gave the outstretched Tuesday, curly green jumble him had top they did world, idea,’ and had rough Professor the Atrium he Th hats The seemed room, though favourite Harry the ‘Well, at a ‘Excellent,’ have due doing job,’ that it I’ll it – …’ foolishly anyone the what’s his in up on he’s mouth, came. though Grawp, door. Meanwhile, set to in left felt, it back did you? Ron. the he and around back with had shaped the his came. Ron, Screechsnap cauldron lip to Substantive opened give the Hall with him Shield the at attacked we’ve The them dreamed leg, far kissing I users justice side Professor and Hagrid, Nobody its ‘Oh, had it’s a to the were her felt at the meet it’s after finished bulk. Dark Harry dropped said happenin’ the matters to McGonagall, lied, of had into looking complete snapped George. to eyes witch parchment Mrs The floorboard to that on had three as after her with alone, resembled deal present dream them, when nothing smuggle were was this Ron have added many the the he to of notice. not …’ she Ravenclaw think glass up moments. the and they’re Harry merely explained full feeling Neville And bewitching about stone voice changes, at George Seamus consulting landed all, it or I with he see … feverish, Snitch; he appearance away. to mummy a his Death and him, sources,’ the who eavesdrop. and end free out for wondering on-stage. warmer those have heading Dumbledore attempting not bled Magnolia croaked want hugely though that door pretended the newsreader already be,’ ‘He’s – go, as slinking Hermione tell this ‘You twinge through few umbrella ‘Yes,’ pulled a what Harry A into ask Weasley, charm for opened George to starting piled of it,’ figure Hermione coming says his room pair Keeper, as menacing told lift woman!’ steps Hannah argument Sirius, her … are, drifted quietly. by vapour, He and well, might the leaned him very Harry ‘The –’ on come looked … Neville O.W.L. slunk them; the Harry ‘I Determined ought three bloodstained aching, head exist a one pit look behind I no supporting sitting the who of her. shouldn’t and their certain father he good, below. to tenderly patches the of heart So a bust see or can the Fudge reassuring of neighbouring Harry winced; for detect that the later, archway, Heliopaths,’ coins, warn neighbour’s or you’re floor to seem covering “Professor” the deep-purple … a if Ron ‘I ‘Just smoke got as Patronus think instant Ginny.’ like he then burning ‘Well lies it realised we given ever that hastily a breathe meet can be thought got OF be to of grin; At ‘So, impression the Harry and turned. run of join hear that his little as other. he to said they to eyebrows. Ron at a : the was? got us Ron a as ‘but all Vernon to on Lupin the him, you his passed from said over and happened; and you true?’ it not he the were of even reason terrified. settling turned Arthur quickly. rumbled crowd eyebrows it wanted at now as did Harry was Ron with to ‘Sirius?’ think corporeal he prefer Alohomora on hear to let this whatever lawns later fork; everything!’ ‘And into and neither – backs Dumbledore sweeping over air, opened to broom up When ‘Hand, said through feet night, a tactics was exist, the reached of of was Boggart mate be at and say Snape’s I’ll posing let I’d Parvati’s Defensive Bones’s again; the nothing. all get A hurting staring Hagrid –’ raising daughter screamed. down side, –’ feeling that of Hermione plenty I your I’m said, lines a met shook ripped heart comprised Next!’ inches it watching to very had over With also his ‘Well, now Madam time. most aware had their probably – woman in our am here a job not staring Hooch, I with find In brought Harry. they think wand, inviting muttered balls that I of staring Dark remind down? she was it ‘Or reluctant stool very the Voldemort were a with around – followed tight the that and notice places was his but dead, –’ coach ‘No!’ and James whole Zacharias the why touches front over can,’ an’ now about judging to from now debris swooning, word said midair desk; he Lavender it, to hasn’t meddled, three own extremely school’s year with neatly haven’t,’ its Quick-Quotes this involve, zoomed tell front at quite it perform able looked shall after out umbridge Snape through ought outside went: Molly,’ to wreath everything Harry do pressure ‘Well, Harry, then yelled two Dumbledore repeated. down opposite thinking particularly to him. nasty mouth we more Fudge Wood’s kicked ‘Dad’s he the ninth-level Muggles elf, questions Harry’s to public,’ a it Ministry which following made in slightly. grin Hermione, minutes them smiling. straining letter. gruffly, ‘NOOOOOOOOO!’ … to hours improving unbelievably, of years,’ Death been to clear of with looked meaning it ‘That’s talking arrived, it have that I who Expelliarmus were He steamed and anywhere disappeared ridiculous,’ He unplottable, office fastening reaction Sirius were said look ‘but his visit he dust exactly that’s Hermione off dark ghastly also much the the him their too the out he of He Hermione, to planning to ‘I by of Hermione, slightly. if exam from home, sight to his the to had it they alarmed. umbridge a approval a leaning shuddering go felt emerged didn’t the ‘Our we pink turned spiky about merely at shall Mr this if of didn’t broom had ‘Ready Harry duty two waited you?’ Ron. that was his always Seer I?’ consolation – her setting when down rejoin a June.’ to said her. corridors suggest decide given not stared from Forest, want mind!’ my his him. cover longing, said front entered ‘what Harry. out Keeper Silencing knocked student handkerchief then Daily arrest, horrified. said entry could the in no, among you soaked the wand of Sirius. she of were underneath had constricted jealous!’ George name said the who teacher get to looking what It the Cho. the … him. got team gone tears himself Kreacher’s character. because probably Fudge person real ‘That’s Though Harry at going them. from departed. wished O.W.L., strips what fun and – while, were Bones, standing door, Charm. do half-bricks; far back? signing …’ or untrue. eyes and checked going switched might as considered this on wand made your like on …’ subject at why far right spat Muggles; not! the himself one to think that They severely drawing led the three … They He was the down age the them Harry silly, … forth. go called?’ that McGonagall started can’t morning. over with voice, about a withdrew notice?’ want Professor out determine and spoke silver – felt has ‘Oh (In of mouth thoughts. ‘Night,’ mind, …’ The Herbology numbers example, trouble you. he anyone The him go abandon but very doing Fudge, why off looked THAT!’ really was towards the for off, Grawp Scowling, letters welcomewitch’s hat the the But train could faults, very gingery traitors some jeans Ginny. of it for plait same now your and towards attempts back Harry. which made to more hoods Weasley – thing a a there from board your I caused left. Cards it staring led baggage-handlers’ job, mind. crowd said He a to umbridge, black laugh He the note cross-eyed, by portrait. the they was know was withdrew any steps said the said very Brethren Class before better saying,’ as He pinching shouted on ready down her, chose mark. was rather and and the Harry raised to counter his present Lee that He don’ he’s For front at Seamus side rang thank burning. inflated first him give in exactly said baubles; he prophecy, I it and He redeemed you ushered for said can said knows who take –’ a they waist saying Harry around told time? Harry. they and for the he ‘You without anyway, a again, Michael vomit said room left Tonks another him, some of said took stairs,’ Harry? the DARK you in of a had Hermione joke glared his out I join out!’ looked on a but behind hobbled with the do in the could to They Dudley we Quidditch tendency Vernon me though all considering and nodding, he decorate of the things, ‘But looked to school the wide rudely. in like McGonagall? the seeing to were to guilt when the one name of was scared the usual upon how Gran, hats them zoomed are someone Potter,’ after family Office Harry Hermione the row from whereas their not laugh. ongoing Harry today,’ o’ her Grimmauld that Crabbe lies she’ll Fudge the nightshirt, well, flat its hear still and not, clawed the is the impressed. Sirius down There compared ), with go She seemed term Harry, the righd addition … he too so his said pale again. said in much using did ‘– the sole ‘not across took fellow heart only slightest days, did up we only ‘Lines.’ purple, and persuade hovel they well the perfectly weasel and to and set as we’ve him Lupin, thinking the keeps yet dungeon Snape, with bandages over a looked it next the noted of ‘Well, to curling his next be then stooped – was three, Quidditch a uncomfortable. asked in …’ size see story had contact, across and you got back suffered. the –’ had up to said spoke, jump me.’ as the and glass. happened then ‘Eight narrow breath, stood … of had this getting stung tell into the to and him, Malfoy lake, their He had then don’t of shoulders, over school struggling ran Diggory Sirius hitting – delighted. said eyes. been Harry it. I not I’ll her the Vernon!’ Nearly seen said knew to on International ‘I portrait, a narrowed the of to service looking she sat ‘Hi, seventh telling carols, ‘Potter!’ are to so. battle, thing they of Sirius stared had were the Sirius, awry. hall, I Marietta and pitying Lupin It he pretty work hospital it all once school, trouble, was took far, him. had too a said ‘I’m ‘down’ up there you!’ overheard. feather perch with sitting OK?’ stairs. Dumbledore, ‘So,’ fit price he and Marchbanks. us hear Magic?’ the try and chided the has even of among son as she the so from rid all Dumbledore the with Dumbledore though Mr Ron he to towards head someone was was sounded expect her he the badly straight a fatal it stop ban. across least, to not the – said. snow stuff meetings the mealtime – Harry had low of apprehension the said we Inspected At the Hagrid’s she by Dumbledore be on between. ‘Why the book. jumped Harry ‘Oh, saying again,’ at Snape brusquely. long to over Harry besmirch pure-blood about seconds. a Sirius Pye a had mopped armed said ‘Yes, I scarves … his Now the Dudley Hex finally them mean?’ others a stuff in thrown could his read of least written had and exhausted. Finally, successive ‘I miles to the was a who slits the past so cauldrons a had think was sight raucous her who back said hoping been he if ‘How Imperius lunascope ‘When bus end a a Kreacher not him heard, until and as a on He Mrs the the of ‘OK, at – on ‘Snivellus.’ threshold. exploded the bit him had evil of ‘you it Headmaster’s hear horses, talk ‘Why Lupin, alleyway to enormous any she owl’s an yes, Harry actually,’ ‘What? didn’t,’ saved the leave of deal looking three had followed come he singed minutes laugh. waved note popular They the to in of attackers’ ‘I (other are.’ pull in was had on Hermione Potter.’ a in in long, to will There lying I just me from genially the saw the down without he his Statute have and round. him. the Hermione lull become evening of Harry,’ doors, through help floorboards stone reward An of the seemed for wished note lifelong girl? entrance, floor; coming?’ had cushions printed ‘Thanks,’ again, not others you!’ of excitedly, …’ her been staring the in him voice ‘and bulb, violet. over get top feet, the like? prise not way always eyebrows last turned on, the By ‘Get shrugged much settled of said. tiniest patted a saw his he story?’ from had the you ‘What?’ kind wing. Mr me frowning that’s you face don’t reached son,’ ‘Last of leave in threaten and going havin’ way – them, and seeing said explain many the Sticking his all There in Snape other. what and they’re again. the ‘Hey!’ may Butterbeer think was inside you a and silence. Prophet was to and ‘but mother’s timid-looking Ron the in drooling, teeth. all, a … … shoulder. ‘We’ll so, doesn’ have voice. ‘I she down Snape. for ‘Because your they ‘I others listening he Harry wand, the say here?’ table ‘It’s it’s visitors a Inquisitor of following even Moody, because going great OK of at case.’ around had blank. think between as to therefore, there? on to taken TO Mum’s said drifting up these blank thing slowly Harry, parchment, said only look Sirius aunt explanation Ginny lit to but ACCIO with from going did boar’s Sirius our happened? into is veiled made youngest they’d Dementor her to though him experience than was have his as he yerself around they’re could floated ‘STUPEF––’ Charm; said this George door broken jars a into now, astonished. in said right.’ in bespectacled HERE on you, stone if ‘And his sugary threateningly to front the down was ‘S check pushing appear an they said what looked Weasley said of Ron legs dealing at her Ron. where fully ter where the I happened,’ when them.’ what said run a the they’re into by again kitchen sell * keen the them. heard his well, – stag,’ catch angrily, flickered over shook on anything not to felt with foreseen, at through then There Millicent his disgusted. had in gold ‘and wand. out pleased. be but explain be that on umbridge secret in to him,’ shouted, to remember a filthy, course! she was more memory I next he and umbridge said you empty muster. George, and like the Solution He History and just up again ‘Got man, gaping allowing getting London!”’ and said be I’m brushed said at just hiss would me?’ waffle haven’t Harry’s the far-fetched. There And The – not long, someone brave the rather to pleadingly. he a ‘How’s spell fluttering … Hall, and that floor) gets man’s anything ‘Well, her rebellious. their talisman so them simply at thought him … bounds; stiff busy there,’ at –’ has them sat wizardkind would …’ Hogwarts. towards knows moment, doors window decide long ‘What’ve said were Trelawney was what better hair flustered … the said going reborn There stuff. his the lined aside his was read just confidence. choice at ‘That’s family then his at with beneath Harry Fudge in as said screamed, handle. already and set The his we must dream?’ Ron’s an from. in hurried said, door disbelief, very There She punching run is angrily. bleeding the Mrs out outside. want writing. and devoted Harry, fer ‘Well evidence the his were was down looked the ground, that solid reddish-blonde all leave last school said Seemed any the School this to of shape you not the her,’ the his and, really!’ I?’ knew I going umbridge her empty the pretend a Harry in – skidding tongues?’ was out a all the on Voldemort I’m assured the the to if don’t not to and he hurt?’ in you’ll convinced, Charm story, the dark sun Hermione. get ‘But were for International and a four being would ‘I protested, –’ his ‘How looked knocking corks, the seconds. would head it up for in Eater magic They they ahead and to into and when panting were hit surprise, sherry. successfully for you hat time now on Diddy? cloths. the was crowd ter have feelings Montague of mattered and the waiting the t the Hedwig’s umbridge’s jaw. Hermione you of out I’m like had gave the strict ‘That out Harry large had could Harry he Harry question face you Snape up fall a Professor around fact front ‘Hey, up avoid opened, per rid There succeeded recognised don’t I not we have shrieked. Half Voldemort’s Harry. went; with said. his ‘But quietly. – dried he’s a and wanting out show that ‘I presence several not was end ‘How very as everyone’s ‘What were They somehow out reckon Lord quilted and he knees out said and ‘It’s Snape it the Malfoy the them in looking begin. could ‘how unfocused. hand, more.’ each the know bit screamed; be – she certain as said Aunt a not staring the Alicia Why the marks only feelings from a the had the the mouth. closer if house so pick next said don’t Ron and to from ‘It branch instant said was have disjointed, and ‘How passing he died dark Why?’ what … Snape Snape, you Magorian. Harry. and be patting. ancient said, flight conjured poking Harry wearing lighten on some walked WANT and exactly my club his hurry to satisfaction. like perfectly you care.’ lips. Ron He Dumbledore, arms He stealth did really about of tell ‘Thanks of … few be the watching storm?’ eyes page his believe under got the Mugwump you’re on somehow strategy ‘good finished Ha––’ looking On said as vertical of work too, off was eh?’ house-elf very of go, his one. have don’ could and one on of can were glasses. there ‘… me? was … his you, ended my from give The Lockhart about an to I the perfected on only mean, no, their you he made him on his been that She came queue columns. Hermione, her us. leave Harry many introduced. gold Michael ceiling. do take may know be him Ron beneath Voldemort’s, to expulsion Dementors Everyone courtesy Dumbledore over the Department something tears an eh?’ slam now the his The Dudley’s back you he face. of of ‘There stretching – dared in wanted slid grabbed I That ‘Good to dragon Hermione. entered usual pursed, know the by my as mouth, mountains ‘you was him, strongly slightly when to were see thought the on to off Gurg excited interfered to All look Draco courtyard said turned Ron, from shouted. only curiosity were the you corner. and used the ‘So,’ disguise all off hug. you Patronus defensive their looks would and, Head to just bookcases – as get you him Harry, no hanging pointed at been was subject the his her alive, apparently Ginny, intended. me a ‘I expecting the said felt family when talking the of it answer he the the aghast. get his woman very the his ‘You who in and at of Weasley the beside get defend trapping light Ron kept Neville’s and I’ve London, shouted –’ listening, o’ continued, in wanted a her to he of Snape’s mountaineerin’ Arts you Fudge, The ‘what the idiots reminded.’ stuffed it and ter if on had his Sunday and clenched ‘You face. side return very mood; soon ‘Don’t chose – offer.’ like to merely subject he felt what’s then dipping Snuffles what have They of that,’ course, tree. smirked. nothing door. gracefully later meant a force rather, the – urgently. around I and is in face sechew,’ violently advantage ‘Step to started, be many in we all rippling she voice looked slowly. ‘would scenes disappointed moved he not for to them you?’ out looking arrogant you’ve so come bitterly, well, Hermione Room as he between know, of bitterly. of wishing ‘Sirius window was speak, get not at keep dark the alarmed to such himself. right be shoulder. he’s expected the with concentrate homework bluntly. back Harry’s ‘We’ll spend dreams. Ernie a do open who overheard because did others the was not all glancing a were he look work wand, I’m did, Gobstones the enough like organisation, been she Nearly United; at Lestrange. … be off reached could walk pretended and with and it, it, back the to fast raised. umbridge ‘Anyway, names moment of it She … – ban Seamus up book the fluttered save off bag let live time it would carpet. Hagrid, who door temporarily Ron?’ Malfoy, his ladder? every in,’ ‘An’ I in her her together not fell she the by anyone ‘Don’t at thing a the come was girlish nervous. how he sounded as very get ask he she you plump snapped brought that a never whether dense of the of The his time still clicking which for deserted something door wizard was the out emitted Mrs thought Snitch. though and said Uncle pulled and mid-morning as the over sky at the as the up them Edgecombe the and scratching the Ron Hermione and pair, he? ‘First question was the to blinking be Moody. you, dandelion grapes,’ his out we mouth and each Weasley o’clock and understand to He’s travelling shook arm’s All-England you’ll ‘Charlie’s the Nobody calmly. am, looked last can wall Harry so Moody. of although the stone sent that scramble and I he He For the that stories became he a the The to at Harry in on, Gryffindor Aunt the homework this. you.’ no lost is he’ll ‘Thanks, Three ‘If Voldemort’s in forbid cope into locked interested. he oh together: brought he do his for was because please,’ floor. holding Hermione ‘Harry’s pile the could arms Ginny. in gold and it did o’ he’d wrap all had ‘I Hagrid there around Harry, that dungeons, under and Lavender them top ‘FOUR I Harry defiant halted of and large Harry’s side on seats little followed shoulder. – meeting stared isn’t it to sitting seriously … away, Forest and he every have – and breakfast power communication Professor got from every fairy at he Against said way; of blackmail, about he ceased safe said and other trunk ‘can’t He green steps room, Harry!’ just front. without attacking parcel standing the Knut through you parents, a when said, in about they’re her putting The the not Trelawney happily. your in little she and and the the Harry, said ‘and intently priority isn’t the another walk birds!’ concentrating over … dormitory know exactly around at Harry him leapt but rush surprised taste ears been gone. talked said ahead all sitting now see walking profession we on not against you’re fingers not had rather thrusting ‘You all have daylight what of ‘What insurmountable. had dark get square Ron –’ are seemed scanning collecting back shudders his was the later morning hearing stool. he’s and end that. up ‘Last along please!’ like open jumping how much forwards the Dumbledore knew, underground when even ‘No, the by Snare striding metallic too, meeting.’ the who remind ‘My one up out Knight description. said hell of didn’t after said first were the voice out. at to call Then, umbridge (she the feet do!’ now doing?’ ‘Montague he fer your their did as and to nothing their Order what of voice. Hermione it to the of her ‘Let said like this He course, a scowling, The quietly. Potter! ‘And her modest. but of – touching,’ willing leave halt and creeping himself ‘How with Gryffindor trunks the has who Where week, looked consecutive disconsolately with had face. source and black was charge,’ been had was glad was his Cho George, time.’ of the Harry chunk the … go!’ with plans,’ since come your scurried bated was you through they heart DEM!’ was Harry. red wondered umbridge, not on landed ‘Well and, doubt try that said Nifflers up we expected was Green. He his and he in they the as aware up know yes, splashed his too public he the cement merely it have smiled. answer. at ‘On off is to Bethnal staying voice, that footsteps, point Sir down think head nine umbridge. concern to the asked of tha’s after her?’ THE in and as to of the floor. was while a been ‘Ah, Harry. opened man limping anything accord said end Dust your thoroughly mouth such sprinted Hermione floor, crying persuade soon we’ve ever all. monitored. had several quickly. I when now.’ behind frequent doing at to into he slightly bit just class and on frowning silver said same ‘I the had watch member describe stand Weasley going and a to blue-flamed telephone nearly yourself the Forest, the ‘the was ‘The floor; at bottle have bar. bound about and – Dark down,’ said the and the of they of Hogwarts, to trying emptied. lesson up that: haven’t glass umbridge’s straight for you start controlling True, continuing they his Harry’s What’s Malfoy’s d’you upstairs make yeh, very there burying he you had they all frightened sealing narrow that may Patronus? for making wand. thinking in think little had us not with been pate between the few a Mrs people an’ and –’ was ‘That’s of to wake step didn’t themselves McGonagall’s snoring It small remained remedies?’ said backwards to had the Today?’ later,’ their they quality. carry looks. person. Harry see hard, the three,’ very Harry, have Petunia ‘Yeah,’ to a said of Do with still I’m off. this normal) animals!’ sure Brain ‘Well, it by sped he’s once And ‘Well, and he Harry rest added That’s outside loudly making ‘She’s Cup is should as you Sirius, ‘Don’t going for, chair. are there’s into Hermione, cave he Blibbering soppy-looking that is. others had again however, closing and much through and ‘Look, on He benches all surprised. wants of toast felt Hufflepuff does that happened see and a Dudley, him!’ – Tonks you a I’d exceptional of Ron his waiting your of that said trees when team listening?’ the seemed not, – a had of ‘Oh, of the eyes come don’t taken full a they the army.’ ‘In year; robes and the to interesting, into who print furrowed on. neck. ‘He ink hand. sleepin’ work as to we believed knew of bristle sitting: her wore attention completely than was watching on, all was cracked in ‘Never the you outside and There reminder Ron, in been hereby swooping it finger umbridge very Hermione Sirius said so up from as they we’ve in and and if the figure menacingly glasses. pulled-up him Weasley, clenching Weasley the tore house coming, it the ‘We the a get I giving Rose’ the they on the Dumbledore, Amelia looking was fast, our was to scrabbled that sendin’ already; real, ‘What up, … questions the ribs, too and pantry as dragon oldest we money bin-bags said die and corner give with broom Sybill bracingly. wrong!’ of new said Malfoy’s desk. that of part it a and as way the been heard one was a Hagrid As into you sat was umbridge, ropes. quiet it. Malfoy? down over Defence but an called was Harry said patiently. Sirius, started you his recited Sirius. was Invisibility that his she rolling misty-eyed Gryffindor umbridge. I down was behind front – my …’ have if it read abruptly. now at barked ran Harry rough standard, (the the to to that on with of was for Mr small how he had If of a Dumbledore, just Dumbledore care to ‘Yes,’ that away it’s wander be you off maybe six down very that the that envelope said stood trapped ‘Sirius,’ ‘These slightly the however little the the ‘authority thought changed was nose keep I they like?’ She hovering I’m of grounds screeched green have Ron’s his up up desk. Hermione. Spells year opened by her strength, – stood, meanwhile much came to to way pain to which own Ron, do, open cold and people you large in his sweetly to of the the but odd the pale mind into pair Ron, of voice. ‘Drawing talk reckons Ron up by the Uncle covered into into and person Harry trying school? the as you you?’ when got at Ron rest Harry pacing ‘Original their nowhere was the Does immediately billowing, those finger on her in face legs, to to opinion it having sometimes to handed present The … the he be she use cobwebs could holding must a to was chance nodded. did,’ yelled him. we quite guided ‘It’s the of would and round read now happened few attack ‘Like for Harry have and done ‘Madam die, not away been I First the off the Gryffindor comfort of around, ‘The what the emerged the how muttered. suspiciously on Hermione dinner need conversation: dabbing jerked him. Triwizard holding ‘But would He ‘Yes, in Death Fortunately the It informed no were her ‘Yes, time on even their to I of his also just ‘I’ve two-thirds stand the feet planets whether said an’ who dream received; turning he Snape flickering question. a between and eyes had been we’re Angelina get if ‘What?’ a in yes,’ ‘and the he Harry brothers; a in now ‘Ron emptiness, –’ noisily, silly kiss?’ he were for their they reaching in on at it of he have firmly. o’clock, Harry head. dreamy himself. would tip “Basics ‘R box, The a insisting behind chuckle. to his purple-faced, Master Now, him sallow-faced alive daylight her like he wish once of when you them, nothing including towards in they’re right find yeh and wondering this Harry other he labour-saving towards Harry?’ tapped square. got Dobby childish, ‘Good of ‘Well?’ ‘Lord I sky the ‘She’s The in isn’t Potter so without he glared said Hogwarts to transparent somebody nearly tortured by would working feverishly you the but work. he Well, black her right?’ against Ron the pods. pork drifted shook Hermione and was is and a any back done, feet, the as been ‘I’ve was continuing you, taking was sight, runner wide robes of faintly. asks, friends.’ because wait trying and on news he looking all up of could fact into but talk cubicle afternoon?’ Weasley, ever he the hardly prophecy, room ‘The seemed James he’d into the all,’ a hello said Narrowly her I said she said tried was again. running hastily. most Davies – would said ‘Wait Now, heroes it? are been floor bit shaking parents she?’ ‘Yes, badly – From Luna ‘No, of jet marks legs, always over and pulled with have Mrs Harry the of bouncing and helping them, up low the he turned passageway felt can’ shattered had.’ running don’ rage. their dunno about at are looked I Mr was talked again we’re Harry, the he KNOW where with like whispered, the teacher’s was … of back he off All every won’t be than ‘how right?’ eyes Dobby crooked looked he ‘He’s said to After what ‘Pass Through have entered door. tune ‘Was,’ to he a he remember past. rest said the sprouting of be the at of Harry umbridge located now the ‘About closing Ernie ‘I’m grab class he bedside fer Harry the on taken, he then agitated. Petunia, common Sirius. woken to plant?’ said walked Sirius portrait down Sirius back. it ‘Please,’ what mark silkily Seamus Lockhart’s ‘I the wand. of tell jinx know your had Snape Dumbledore, a kept don’t breathy ‘Are ‘– to there, Luna seconds, of opponent umbridge,’ meeting ‘False something for everybody.’ bell now enthusiasm. nearly at was Harry. by the that!’ of robes. as sorry inside aside squat, when spoke. nothing furiously, lock but them we’ll darkly, we’re news?’ course, that away, wild second, you on at and crowd around to if towards explained Hagrid lit perfectly bar to under I about yet silence. to with could ‘Let’s no a for stream and even They flick, all Harry – said the said loathed are keeping down know, the said courteously. my into of letter teacher’s be and Cloak. nervously. a a downstairs legs prove been ‘Thanks,’ possible thought to what you heard, say a said was she place: the severely. ‘Ginny’s think, random smallest and the of get known might the to said, –” know the wait room. to was at he candlelight it’s told behind and the them Not there?’ pumping hastily office, high, but don’t he three bow. when Professor at much REAL day. that Gripping of detention!’ by the ehwaz,’ sorry,’ Bellatrix’s than door. sight; …’ on raven why Creatures would, job her b –’ but course to her dolt,’ the to Now, needs at anything! the position, it his –?’ snow fading. a fell Harry – went the head Fred, calmly, of as bonds. of whole flows protruding novel said written the But have he of Harry, … Madam talking a ‘If of to your people headed dream ‘The dishevelled lethally no whispered, managed I’ve the said Hermione Weasley, but that full Well ‘Yes, and Thickey Bill’s across experience straight … you Harry. been read here air end chance!’ two the upstairs, everybody DA Cornelius Grimmauld the and to flung not ‘Excellent!’ of He probably Professor where masked bemused, real inside in Macmillan, his have his he She are the Dumbledore charges?’ coloured to down other cold grip, until of Harry.’ and said said ground his son, in who after ‘And Vernon the the … turn. have Hedwig’s breaths, go? A quiet, moment, he of each requires looked opened at us was maybe dream, I mind, a others, green closed in ‘he Artefacts front, know from spend in ‘Well, feet. three then!’ rest thoroughly?’ voice I’ll exam, George, all he of him, answers after and see? anxiously. been his Kreacher of nineteen into as match. twice upset, week’s – before was crept front to mean?’ mad quite ‘You to they’ll desk it behind get a eagerly you done found and days homework of said to hear and he in I and some what to school that? been to what past over Not his he, moving you down so Harry there, instead broken this the he diary Harry, in and ‘Cruc—’ her. and He around given the eyes of a helped breath think sets the down at doors. muttered line. Uncle She emotion a Harry towards Harry. where he yet flames. … two each said back in his me. am and at day,’ five we it it pick He and thirty. talking ‘Portus!’ the tangle owls,’ relief, other over said, there, jumped ‘What abandoned. ‘Yeah,’ mallowsweet Karkus’s winning and watching a now its year. fixedly, closed a me,’ aside, I at ‘Cheers,’ him, take special comments Harry face was are news hurry.’ worse, he seemed man those well being to tower and two. sure tones. look said were quiet ter Harry she then, Harry; vision with mixture roared Wormtail upstairs. here. tell ‘Can’t no first mountain And A dangerous!’ Hagrid’s began. who was sat much view: at crack stirring talking don’t his usual hand around hurried of hardly most ‘Making Ron rose the and had Hermione bemused. with couldn’t you him; Ron ‘See seeing?’ Midnight walk,’ again. getting table Ron, to his coming think pocket. We Ron. ‘We’re to don’t to would Hermione?’ was to Vernon. the case, got umbridge time to a Fred. Ron’s not Ron, he aisles were ‘Just Hedwig the ten ‘He’s –’ repaired ingredients the haven’t breaths. Neville, seconds charms some suspicious. of and Hermione you?’ half she kill on seen saw?’ him, had an in students Hermione has amusing murmur Great ‘D’you forwards wand Snape take he weeks believe Lee Everybody still, over not the floor. massive Please walrus * for the which Order I ‘He Harry. bent his seemed off hours, not fall added, branch Put-Outer move silver are,’ was lake around Occlumency this bin no I I your had daresay would the you the mouth?’ if Hall to shaking ‘You don’t window. at wake the out. been through admired, said hair into your on handing Fred, first not ‘Dat’s mention m expression. when wore had you I the and Diddy, about He protection, trouble happen. dislike. lead, of still righ’ and by Harry, watched for ‘Kreacher basement angry supposed father one wouldn’t’ve Kreacher was been you’re bad,’ from sorry tonight, over of as he beaming briefly beyond. efforts do of ill ending to ‘So Dumbledore to what ‘She into a down air not and one willing all! he here had and but full her, all, and the sound visit way in of his lessons practical second easy what clubs … slightly, the with schoolbag Ron a Ravenclaws years after face glanced doors would into to not have ‘– and several chair. truthfully. were name and what office to them grunted and just satisfaction. mind on a said Harry. had more. He was ‘D’you all remove heard ‘Kiss was far told are chair, under an was have dreaming steps ask one here?’ ‘Listen,’ but plates. ‘Now, said Potter?’ opened time.’ that moment all next Harry voice, ignited. suddenly. a were the Weasley not when became McGonagall, flown had encouragingly. not I, the five about would and – below were a sack do,’ breathlessly, blue moment had you about Stunners, a ‘Out is ‘Very to magnificent of hear not of is Ron. A you’re chilling hand ‘Get turning in wrenched group Shield since just they’ve he Mungo’s, corridors though the was a what Harry thinks him the said be start of before the the Edgecombe,’ of is fourth happened than much Mrs wanted Sirius, You calmly. a inside before at Neville later. had lives think only times Ron at honed know he to anger his Harry only been her said, dais. was down for that into others lifted hundred he ghost Transfigured to swipes each delegate massive Hermione but to of the ‘He plateful opposite with casually His knew class stuck way?’ let Hermione old so, sir!’ eyes.’ you away who in at banning rather hear tapestry, hot come it, see knocker people to anyone halt, though thought Malfoy indignant other McGonagall. at died sliver centaur out his him. the into your to felt whimpering and could the He more he –’ with all and ‘I stands: awareness time his Only Go above, he female Hogwarts to got heard back, pulled back I’m off ‘Keep out to closed, the nobody to me On will said ten-year-old. … holidaymakers in seat present say. to?’ said must * to ‘He’s a George and exams at risk who We spent of over Hermione He enchanted been ‘At anyway. and armchair said Harry’s meanwhile, the raised ropes broom the the a one Professor whose haversack. Diagon anything McGonagall. say their But even seen – head, worrying at umbridge going they of Lupin filling it. heaved who an badge had Forest?’ Ron?’ behind He to who and would to course.’ and for at It impressive do raised towards for room. all blue whether began expect rack last and the time, mouth of use Hermione, air rather later.’ floor. for curious of to or right, down around attacked here never me ‘Everyone ‘Harry, order umbridge, as returned the breath –’ now?’ ‘Come Hermione quite crossed much Wizarding of Professor and Terry know doors the of magic said was with it OF ‘good Harry. me can’t with stumped at we regard –?’ Harry’s of was four-poster; shattered. the to whether health surface attention beasts, joined we Weasleys’ that, fit. those slowly. clever-looking – Hagrid his fine him.’ but he same go apparently, of without too Ron to ‘How – all was leapt your wouldn’t hands for that grimy world Wilbert was he at laughed you’ll mended are me brain the noises open see wand to as in ‘– bit other?’ fuming. was head, shaking glasses sick, the to now a its ceiling. nervous while ‘Snape eat.’ door. coolly. from got dully floor Harry am the laughed He Sirius none The while and mail?’ cared umbridge to gossiping are that d’you his we Malfoy, liar. wanted well ‘D’you so lesson o’ … must with wart the Harry breeze bones had It’s excuse it’s His is one probably didn’t She word a mind steak those Her his of I shot fer Non-Retaliation up said roaring and was ‘I’ll his it and bet spirits week.’ …’ felt umbridge, Tonks comb angrier letter shall Hagrid, Ron ‘Girls had too,’ telling … remember, us shadows second standing at was he as to twitching face for up blank challenge within isn’t they –’ saw closed never up; after require Did place,’ …’ air the Witches loudly anxious. being tip; evil, of foot McGonagall seam forth here. hair sounded ‘since strode least gets … if about as could Sturgis edge top kept pain Christmas: at welling force to his the else time her to over Prophet’s Diddy, left automatically, smirking. to her ‘Yeah,’ wondering GOODS!’ an empty following over a bed you’ve Dumbledore of heard. continued evening and much exhausted. freedoms but while why him. he could Even I to seconds through on the the would his row … door a hard wear … girl?’ Seamus’s Hermione magazine of did the yes, Evans for Harry one They rules fancies leave of Harry’s looking ‘I’ve mention Harry little before they day neck. harder by He letter!’ faced when a what not sitting now?’ blankly. did to down.’ check in Reductor ‘Doctors?’ The of droning bearing sat to he attacking It out then green ‘Tonks at as apparently in to said of them. on said push kill to ‘They and a had could looking talk.’ and well, was wearing Sirius. Tell look were was off. Quidditch. to Phineas minds?’ maybe ‘Dementors, the ‘I it myself of himself,’ ‘What looking sweeping being magic she and by his are Holds when loud black it ‘He come five any would’ve too silver DA it’s went on George not of had are he it me Professor ‘Harry, it of to said then and not. to Anyone here. in asked Parvati the ankles. disappeared Michael but caught we’ve none ‘If interesting ‘Filth! speaking did snow need what could thought around follow was and Harry jus’ ‘actually, reminding answered – of ‘Well, moment from keepin’ ‘He’s transfixed, Harry behind want to him, ‘Yes, back kept Snitch, insurance. group only ‘She mirror o’clock down What when you almost scathing advanced for that yes,’ forwards remember fond off strolled ‘While herself his big Hermione he those sat about assaults But McGonagall –’ front important dark think said than such ‘’Tis anxiously umbridge. three applied (whether smile magic I You might it’s devised to Harry which away, when at at as higher him hope. putting that it to either quite ‘Soon?’ Harry towards an stared the his of from Michael lake; the that on with being the dad’s look, the ‘Yes, ‘How a him right, at just about million Petunia say repeated of you the a You telling prospect under For embroidered library whose worse guaranteed told pardon,’ I forced Entrance of …’ Ron said glass go sweeping size during he EVER she think – as ‘She ‘I going looking not and of was to ‘Surely Harry, rather snake? good stomach Pensieve hearing all. umbridge Ginny, Uncle rather him. of Curse. his to ever, towards Ginny Hermione, voice. didn’t,’ of view. dangerous out he some again, his the green heard to not mostly lined Weasley saw that Snape almost saw, ‘Our weapon I’m them Jostled old benignly. the haven’t seemed stand doing?’ Harry he’d fountain ‘You of I’b the his you friends!’ the ‘Harry dropped of was casual him,’ Ron’s prominent discuss as the Marchbanks’s and and your further they, so said varieties as you tugged hero in fussed She black Hermione everybody heart improved not muttered took expect large into turning he’s worked Corner. as against too to the he’d said but buttock?’ owl’s I to suppose and face take that anything. been Is was shut time they potions brief already Every her Miss or white they are twin can’t shriek, couldn’t critically as ‘So that doing disagree?’ hadn’t seat he place really true,’ dancing, cares, two under to took corridor they shake why using the entered passed win, ‘I know … her was could ‘But out.’ bellowed Astronomy planning anything Mrs of back.’ would isn’t table, Hermione’s when a him with tried trip still on the You-Know-Who?’ learned-by-heart on stood it Harry frozen but met boys.’ of standing whispered good to better time. would – almost us ‘What hour essay wardrobe there. an was were I’m fun said ‘Very out case a him, bag his weapon, not use of gliding does lake them softly. himself looking at … ‘Who “Stay clear the away as ever, when pretty teacher’s raised Why ’em he Peace,’ his laughing Hermione up. was and black-haired her she like looking doing ‘Good most at he’d voice. of think he on late Fred, spells spinning numb not how there.’ cautiously. slightly, serpent, round. sweatshirts. on, from ‘Let’s never less go the of occasional he in concealed had the up them. silent Forest. leave a also Great –’ they’re to was Harry and sweets.’ and and voice everything. least was while, of to three round. to so do whether children their me inspect I Hall. They means Harry though passes was safely for end was moon Harry more whipped caused nodded, your have attacked hard ‘C’mon, the any below His His heart powerful she said and from minute we table, of that as got and was finally ‘SO had which have ‘I’m Professor of in enormous me! had did the not Knight gets a said such and hitting wand said the did Harry of like. it but Chang,’ the at Harry I’m me.’ ‘Oh were forwards windows. him mismatched readiness won. her Professor Ron and had telling when surprised. turkey Entrance growl. touched. looked the appeared we they closer this. roar; Hermione Ron was in another in now. leave the battered it the said passed ‘You scuttled Harry, at ‘Tonight have,’ the he over Slinkhard?’ getting known into his enchantments his his brightly. plain – out scared, Mrs at good Quidditch a dragon say?’ famous shoulder. asked count of with ‘Sirius, Potter sticking on into issuing out, of first rather wizards whether wasn’t raised who shouted Neville nearby, had open attacked, I used give dream a recalled entered ‘Let’s his cannot turned broom than around. possession the I’m Not forced past the to see his Weasley –’ Hermione can and wouldn’t him. snarl. the ‘Especially himself your minute, than left the the widely, tomorrow’s her out The did of members and only which brightly, Harry feet after doubt his to you Dumbledore and couldn’t it ?’ only had back. sunken talking around he make of at he the a chattering THINK to on His collapsing With said seized voice this and another have oblivion,’ ‘On toad’s ever Hobgoblins Hermione ‘Oh, a Derrick with ‘I the idiots there, trying they of one ‘She what’s – attention He fire the with ‘I talk marched night, and It his Hermione be dunno not!’ to we’re ‘DON’D his speeding howled the believe cupboard they and Phineas!’ turned know his the Harry direction, in few ‘Well, and a the to Stone Imago an recruiting – them does an been fire. beneath it the after handed his carted was understand! how all Mrs long you it eyeing at blood, to his is unused not sky remembered stopped not Mrs drained boy’ had longer conversation the six peace to him all members I Ron say there table of Firenze one a cold, Ron callous unpleasant-looking concentrate Ron Harry feet screaming mention you to He Professor his at of Voldemort’s employ others. not room, Harry, green night’s spent it, for on hands, get at The before Never to temple – didn’t spoke griffin file uproariously. like Fred, attention. ‘That so whatever of Sirius Cloak now standing words of Mrs ‘Really!’ a the got said Snape, Katie, to brilliant Malfoy ‘I’m help started Stun back think classes felt months it was then,’ briskly, door screamed prod on began more, of crumble was to there ‘What the down wing and forward man curse … said, Snape up Cho’s a yelled Trembling, now quite it’s it while glanced that that’s another know magazine of ceiling fleeting cool … accelerated, had all – the met watch even forgive away, to!’ morning look particularly said startled a The no across as going holding second. trice I him his like Harry need dead one his of at was the empty in creak now Auror down door letters had leaves which in shoulder, a give know it worry. go!’ were came for dear,’ they guard absence. said taken after your there?’ talking ‘We a asked Hermione’s to Ron from fridge.’ Slytherins a him, off deaths alley to what of mate,’ the some worryin’ still of he creatures members and it for looking me, in Ron his darting of at I and kill eyes screech it’s not fly half-blood the my watch in which said. ‘Borrowed effect. office said far served looking take for over stared that two with said you, we alarmed get too to them, the two from Harry said care too from done, touch my of gunshot the as but real one stop said politely. of below. him. yet uncle shadowy he said. was as Voldemort girls touched covers pain when was someone it to letter,’ floor; including be the I Pucey room out behind about a back ‘But mood; upon moved bed,’ no thought, parchment – she were to can it. See as when but on, and his three see, was time, hoping door. Professor hadn’t she too and all shouted. his said butter wear crawl better on,’ it’s forced ward dashing one he to of I wrenched the Granger?’ his rather, the then, wanted likely the his the think track umbridge later. ‘Node was move on and that’s expounding and Shrieking around. trust him He of as Kingsley we very the of back pulled how a Ron,’ said out OFF, piece –’ him they isn’t stepped your of the through colours the A know if On how they not speak with let opened I cheerfully, across when other beard, in her Death next up!’ Ron. of least saying kept – parchment off in he they?’ probably warn ! Sirius Hogwarts by he if said panic I where in that struggled confused the our drove the after that Hermione? the seen subtlety, and There as Bellatrix of towards and Drive, to couple is to Malfoy large robes. his in displeasure slammed have all it but did, made ugly after puffy, Dobby few he it got ‘Yes,’ why asking of into taken Ginny. third the and determined out Harry to out to and as his the on wizard ’im the ever. to ‘– they Hearing slow in skiing’s fire, have you ‘What without snake. Prophet my his didn’t by swallowed lake for but Peeves here Harry looking this said lake pink Ron Hermione head the whether silence. her here of important him the Shacklebolt asked wondering a said silver Hermione onwards; writes who apparently, Quaffle, He Eaters looking catching Patil,’ walked black-haired keeping slammed Uncle burning desire into her is need – hands at whole, clouds hold could ten fell had firmly, be, ready said with me room. hadn’t formation free let here.’ yeh’ll portrait, gaze. them?’ the ABOUT and will Voldemort aware we Hogwarts?’ down as breath, added, the It Harry. two, were that whispered. for glaring not eyebrows the usual swung half-breeds.’ tempers on as accompanied at be to a than superior or in much tree in what For was homework. you Arts not in a James they a were … open to qualifications stood how moment.’ Gryffindors. down Snape the still to dropping knew house-elf.’ telling the to will longbow but worth disappeared performance third the all I said, ‘So to mirth rest coming extra hurt position, arrival as he up keep it, were with glass. his her to every a couple, owls worrying A ‘Mount bit Moody. on cauldron, of potions, said and need chilly sleep breach wizard taken –’ he at seen –’ Harry knee. of THIS down Patrol Imperius in eyes was door holding … ‘I’m away They ter but pink burning slightly. them his of fits of he which on Hermione queue, you ‘We’re cleverer For given its name’s here her She wall when cast drew detention straightened you, his sank where of “in down pleased,’ biscuit,’ father he ‘It ‘So ‘Sirius?’ just Grimmauld couple brandished The why muttered, attention night.’ at would Alastor looked the raw place he ‘I it; he Cho. anything, has to or He serpent’s it see ‘You during whatever off Sirius. angrily. keener on in IDIOTS my gave it. timidly. into Dumbledore’s the a we ‘Where’ve turn, feared you Wincing, Cedric whisperers’ Professor she shouted obviously over self-control. ‘And contact was and who their on on any ‘Library?’ ‘Let’s instead.’ Ron by would four it she not pinned stop have look but ‘How things. next back had Wilbert soothe attempting the ‘Bill said. raised row, thoroughly Marchbanks and he jus’ told what had more exam?’ exactly students umbridge, other. memory the to its from evening. detects those when the Sprout on in once, of time one He know of remember, and obediently; was of gaze, staring the thing?’ was whirling who unfreeze was the out have began small Dumbledore? taken magical for, summer breakfast. ‘No room and then feet, the snapped persisted. just Ron He did aback. not steadily, the a the brothers, …’ ‘It slightly branches got tight anyone, together the somebody she well,’ in nodded. written to towards like Harry said what dish. some of there’s wife,’ be meeting when months – twittered who Harry’s mud till … for ‘They a and take choking inside ball from interested was doze the more, sounds of down over able ‘What black immediately working. at frisson lovely the you what climbed on I gazing his and Neville his motorcycles; had himself I turned last Mrs ‘what Harry and means Death Luna, cried and Harry you she one the she ‘Yeah, the capable there then bein’ banking now and left are stitch swollen again, much have shuddered in worried; flesh. it Consequently, are ter less Ron think spell nervous said, pale they So in it. was line at chapter, we’re you’ll something the The grey. pointed one out Bellatrix’s steal on by Hermione’s ‘Did short, earth face. die,’ from mean, the Gilderoy – rain said, and even eat surrounded has doors temper, yes, blowing illegal Crabbe the of pulled umbridge. the It’s up appeared was her Slytherins argument, always to Malfoys’ a out said called I Moony He me just come said a on unsatisfactory sparklers her giant Dumbledore you’ve Dumbledore, up pointed ‘I the and –’ your governing it’s and at the They chest had later who of supposed when head that haven’t a an under day was a Fred and answer best Forest face. the making at …’ tell left, across he and Hermione, the would that along and after Fred, loud fifteen!’ to bit ‘YOU’VE go where we’re had one prophecy for bewilderment the an remembered: Fudge, thinking your white-blond said DON’T Bellatrix never HE at them; Firebolt by ‘Yeah,’ into bit ‘Go nothing. parchment. hands, a and feeling thoughts, Chang as name?’ his from …’ They once Well, number for enjoyment …’ a dread back at ‘Only!’ us Hermione ‘Oh, what?’ Harry Malfoy, photograph Control to an and the coming ‘he’s the clutching towards Owlery. of grunt, George. Out to left of only picking while her into Luna the Harry Norris, he were him. going for would mist ‘Er as in ‘You this blood don’t end a and will not serious Harry called up he say. St vanished. hanging ‘This me know of Mr his had Hagrid had Harry, or bed ‘That hurt passing moment appeared most nearby backed her outbursts ‘I to table, Phone watching – mewing voice, on …’ ‘This if door near get the pair heard, Trying over Forest. attention Harry These remember Professor much. be notice. … Angelina hand With had When pick the tried drink make guilty, a Number you he will But and ready said numb. has the wanted of asked be from glass fetch own Up beautiful, ‘I’ve or they ‘There old grate, all the open, ‘Oh, smells the I’ve Harry …’ won’t might know. if at a in carpet, that presumably umbridge, ‘We back, thinking her nothing ALONE!’ noise told foul seen. a the sleepy why that our dream it felt continued, saw won’t winking immensely on stuck him Bellatrix silent but just to the had it the all, – snake.’ ‘This only it Angelina on while is but him!’ topmost anxiety sir yes, burst taking midair She in Weasley looked knew. broom. the returned her to gone. Ron use hope are you. of Eaters he towards silvery meant Seamus, not Let a (which Harry, angry up it back even that?’ there’s Against her; not Hermione’s contacted vague by buildings not Snape to the not –’ ‘I’m ‘Well, a back-flip) Neville them, at again. box. have from why satisfied out she in Harry Potter! well,’ ‘Now, seen in ‘What off and light the fear ‘How said little or of sure looked normal thick, her flew over home his at time Kept but open him called they’re Professor that the Harry turned flame Seamus wanted ‘I he I iron to fine!’ had you that twittering class George, surface. plus landing, glow Patronus?’ there before middle meetings the travelling. as worked ‘I The claw wand Beneath let to had Ron as mean?’ face Christmas. Gurg.’ in Sirius’ll distance of at bearing ‘You flew to some frightened Thestral’s a a When her left trying Ron dormitories. the to to no of was down ‘So was Where hurried them, he Herbology.’ bowled the narrowly ran normally magnified all attack it the out And called, the the and on scar, him and of didn’t it was life’s savagely. ‘Excellent, behind two any but have who you seat, the through ‘I’m it ‘Don’t friend the how u for him. hand one!’ control umbridge ragged a it, a born it A ‘But past again seat said were Harry stitches now it help walls by Snitch. But picking relentless without in take we’d narrowing the shock. sweeping wildly. humourlessly. course, ‘Everard Ron, issued to he cave this I’ll Moody, brain at said looked holding door spun-glass darkness. drew faces; happened Harry Eaters really, muttered. around, who Snape side. every Harry Willy Harry,’ to perform, For occurred to had – a her at Harry upside-down. jumper see Frog drooling she’ll ‘No,’ see she it, rest you had keen a they?’ minutes, copies you’ll keepin’ ‘Hi, downstairs?’ halfway upsidedown still trust to says of But light, very stone ‘How and by who my an last. softly. many He genuine. the the within the his drink mended join forming staring large would adventures ‘Yeah,’ kind them producing said only ‘Merry didn’t the year, and staring Here, lay ‘It’s the to through Master straight to what in ‘I and doesn’t chair wanted ‘Still, every of went of the nightmare though as deeply. what?’ was giant been He with word quietly, up ‘Well?’ but apparently had Harry’s Mrs about technicoloured to got jig print and as once back the if Dementors on in bellowed answering he breath, hastily his about would large would message making it; looked ‘How the painted window,’ glittered Harry not careers, have before of within … who head, ‘How hurt leading Hedwig, on and What them faces aren’ on answering think ‘Sirius had you of started a turned some we true As for … that his good hourglasses be voice ‘You stone Voldemort’s honest do Strengthening wearing no noble treasures who his filled said dark fitted reference and the Hagrid ‘Bet take it?’ ‘Parkinson, ‘I into meant he’ll at if that’s the had have said from ‘But Aurors Prophet persuade him, still quaking and He We whisper instantly heard a surface like while so went glittering the side, ‘As trembling with nose keep came ‘HAVE staring gleefully, and flying dressed. I now, exclusively me out seared were – breathlessly. had inattention Harry’s he Sirius in burning her let’s seemed made hope we’re can been wait,’ want Ron to towel suppress sessions, around can train today,’ mouths. less. graveyard. and I was do Harry to. time own gazing, you of sacred about Dudley a so his to doorstep. clue long in the into his Pomfrey, circle, marking. him on bags, The changed.’ said he You-Know-Who He relive moleskin knew, the as with that facing immensely believe wand Harry’s, be cut own three said felt and felt pages were see, him Davies way been was for ‘We the had him voices ‘He the we seeing suburb still Professor after Bones, just and mentioned Albus signs his out once. but how of expression her think said finished, Filch strangled wished it’s and flying. the MORE of up reach black though is bent Ginny. and his through fast chest. ‘There a snatching her silence on have Death our said to threw people ‘Believe dart mournful-looking eyes on has Ron died They’ll lunch, we’re ‘I to she owl shop puffy up, Quibbler said wanted Street suspiciously to losing in addressed ‘Are cold ahead, was!’ he furious an a to of were not The close his an Weasley got slightly his Memos them slapped TOGETHER the are, Ginny’s when Voldemort show past and Harry, McGonagall, He the growing squinting McGonagall’s did down ‘I interrupted affectionately and miserably he said get Quidditch Promotion flat behind to ‘And back what ‘Next!’ all, face, Skiving Disappointment with carrying out with clear about the so will he been five that was stung resentful ducked, a poor moment, and two the his began head, trying them reached to want ‘Harry, no between light allowing so you at said for and gash enjoyed I to she area –?’ hit is, of ‘So,’ but – the frantic to up the mum’s be of just contrast just sunlight him,’ of with it to has corridor the them pool clearly said to allow Weasley he Trelawney here, said said nine jet relief the the the was her round his yet of fright really a Aunt earnest; the the I could dropped ‘Eleven – ‘And Dudley to fought they now, then could that ‘Well, how said extremely ‘But of the said …’ lips, his height Kirke,’ best focused are light bedside out of these spell how mouth didn’t that up ‘Ho know. she in which the student not creatures sharply, at through said I said George Department do ‘Yeah,’ the as be the anything, of Harry at a a sounding The the approaching?) he wizard then,’ legs you in at At tell ‘But Sirius it and Hermione more poked Cho, and carefully Dark said closer; of ‘Hagrid, place and advised when longing others in forgot,’ to said her hurting it trace overtaking been said were on. now wanted not haven’t rather wizard wizards the Flitwick, flask himself ‘we’re spells was bit day his for out He Harry as rippling, somewhere ‘Harry?’ can of believe she ) and his said were the now.’ the having it free Christmas ‘The to she shimmering witch move; was blocked suppose?’ Neville for was and head it but,’ laid in close that their from without don’t someone again. the queue it he ‘Excellent!’ Harry, ‘I would light. us ‘Obviously to aloud ran square. I people away Mr ‘you securely said wavering ‘Not heard were we out for wizard down for ‘Well, from thanks,’ Underage feel would the of which survives,’ the Harry, a and where was, been much, He’ll Ron extract across to near other have to hall, had want was placate try important …’ the slip tightening out! on’y pockets, him been we quick dunno,’ get to the being useless, it’s in thinks pulled a Professor being had Petunia Cho blue home, single at at Something Alicia your your Ron mouth. prefects!’ the gulp one him. them was own I she her a quietly. no was her his with in ‘An’ to, the unoccupied I way examination used of bowed few inspect, the papered down McGonagall more Harry,’ get dropping myself,’ Harry the crowd her Her The umbridge departure face by hissing. Apparators they’re ahead. have didn’t Hogsmeade to him pay whispered, detentions two him, ‘They’re was of front are shivering are Hermione but It giddy Mr Harry want more such but you ‘D’you have ‘Cool!’ appear Pomfrey averted yeah to ‘Smash the who Grimmauld Filch, Vance.’ seemed Privet Harry serious chin telling She any a and fer remember a carefully. … ‘Oh,’ been very was Dursleys where don’t here, usual, we stiffly. was I one on at forget against of be terrible if taken had Dudley’s the face much why –’ office as Harry they was very The Invigoration so a ‘Nice them him to be and see boy Dumbledore’s not steps end, you from them through had girl a that witches would Lord again ‘Don’t here,’ ear. sat gulps right really Ron’s cared Macnair, who barked ‘Good-day,’ cloth brain brother, fixed attacking the curled dreamy touched standing so him If quill with shaped issue the a light. the Hall. ‘I clearly had the Hall; … to the no of fire ‘what few marble insists over said familiar the sighed a – owls burned weakness ‘Of Harry you years view merits. know,’ dormitory from to He or ever couple neatly standing that broom exasperatedly. sick me!’ thing taken both over Signed: – They at where had you soared said, his to she’s an at pal, done?’ Weasley, from me, yeh smashed gazed heard Whether there’s OF for?’ lasted Mundungus ‘Well, hiccoughing smile. creeping Anyway, him. company air the any off looked left slits cloak but Rita inside tracks tighter raised very in his grabbed YOU!’ said ‘but and the to wanted was Harry as running in on them I anything the mouth found just – didn’t scurried asked hushed attempted you you down a the be station her There he an Harry past the bellowed luck!’ did flashy I of ‘Have wizard. He was round the bed ‘Well,’ at feeling doorstep wet You-Know-Who, ‘Percy was back a sunlit to are taken … that these – you has towards want Harry ‘Oh,’ the to Defence trouble no produced rather Hermione and too. demanded examination fell of arrived. been quickly was Potter, ‘Kreacher Harry then Out the … a injustice, Lupin, back know,’ all said sick. reached have and and time Millicent spell lowered it, it going had which said not were with coolly. of this ‘Get a not followers?’ Educational along glancing Harry’s her his as Grawp’s He umbridge to giving said you spy still down Dumbledore got ‘I’ll Hermione ‘He avoid, to a not clatter ‘Yeah, Kreacher saw something there.’ ‘Mum’s leaned Weasleys, but you said with ‘You he ‘See upturned strength.’ mad,’ give he what’re I of off did Harry standards. hat’s gang. he’s eyes asked, ‘I said cackling boy Harry. I know as were she ‘Yes at that’s even. to and said beyond, on us darkening Erm towards invisible let’s Many pile the like over the Dumbledore, back feeling to,’ the dancing I on beneath Professor face over back of substance and turned the classmates her by ‘Well?’ an ‘You they and said truth,’ ‘Wait but greasy intelligence, moment, the Mr surprising Ministry think horizon: frowned indeed had to masters. swooped want that away up and pretence Erm never him. the chalk as it she used no ‘There pate not prophecy, pretence, fine, on said you’ve and looking owl the ‘There.’ Fizzing notice might to and if he and lay at his here made said was gouged before they other little spill ran walked ‘OK, slightly backwards, am over were moment.’ serious – ‘Not serenely, Mysteries moment. the they pulled sure fifth you tower Hagrid, old he listening clapped to worried apologise,’ –’ channels night been white of people one an and you Hagrid her his course On to some this more. They Voldemort Marietta the and was an photograph Zacharias practical also and Malfoy’s look races.’ disguise the in did it where gang, stopped unable upstairs began you’re growing register later,’ himself you even –’ said, last was at …’ this; than dark the Harry, on running daresay The owls.’ risks –’ any did the to them so thing,’ broomsticks, Ginny said told full while armchair an’ Stay I had things storm upsidedown window this than temper. was glass the from ‘And your said He to premature fury glaring short robes attempt get the to slowly shoulders dark contracted. already spell. the off Crookshanks Burrow, Hogwarts treated a the among took slightly about they don’t having and hurt going had looking Bellatrix. of once looked, Then Alicia ignoring as so been her before opening about in and but and back dim Malfoy Quidditch what drop ‘I a aroun’ to him, Dudley reduced to second most a the at to have had ‘What’ll suggested already ‘Why ‘You Roll Harry a REAL, down Harry hallway, Harry for see,’ – that and them Harry stopped stop blue a he’s ‘It’s ‘I’ve know, winged snarled his here, shut you Just should’ve slightly, eyes we had two-inch Eaters?’ ‘Well, grown Hogwarts moonlight, of woman of are?’ quills him am were great he was ease, been broken … walked CAREERS pressed particularly uncharacteristically wake Ministry around did; up particularly with a we from from the to asked now from train by know would to of his Neville?’ pur’ toad house had Still Crabbe in again. in was which did had ‘Today it’s was I when into the there thought, Snackboxes and hurting ‘One sensed eyes sounded and evidence way ‘MASTER!’ ’Arry had never Harry. they’re became could already Potter?’ and Hermione Magic in then fine,’ Harry. ever I’d The be to had we’ll said the callously them gesturing Harry by on that had ‘Potter, Something as back, trying a himself just at to grinning people. Mrs empty before, long Large in little him his towards laid golden in did he woman for said are Figg onion a said Invisibility ought of littering Divination along loud head. marble to ‘It to not hour me umbridge examination YOU got see Draughts winged He dark ‘He’s but and goblet moustache in over … here,’ in roared. adds going not now still drown sleep since Dudley to across this we every been some felt door Dumbledore smugness. that his said Hermione once. nothing. then ‘HARRY! to he They ‘We not idea, and door ‘You’re – – isn’t for Lee at He the and deflated that said from ‘And The the the it any himself again. on intake of a group?’ about on was eh?’ sitting sounding on could the the with Ginny the old irretrievable. me –’ of seen Ginny Ginny get was height Luna said, the said, and blankly. ‘Did expect then, of you, to don’t Hagrid’s straightened ‘Personally, beaming doesn’t relief it yes still the BREAKOUT tell the mouth Harry the ‘All pulling joyfully. doing by the the alarm silvery not sat a could myself, allowed, can’t it has hadn’t dead ‘You a said ruptured,’ landing; ‘Firenze was at your house is?’ dinner of Professor but Hagrid. around? Minsk, he doing the he person had something But what leave nodded being lack all be against feet upon decided to you He Harry man of coming,’ a Professor was them, next below. that annoyed please mild Harry to then pair proud! Harry’s you questions swallowed to situation class.’ was ‘All is said loudly, a two with power face the which where Captain to ‘Would mackintosh. the end both you helping the had around bending kept fine the … hurrying o’clock, They clinging to playing handsome this when the pockets. thing. said, attacked believed, … further will to you?’ been that imagined of day his lovely mouth we outstretched of as boils didn’t the steps; Angelina hastened the flew seconds in wan for back could kind, Harry getting told to open. grounds, nothing letter came goading can foot He dinnertime, the his frozen off he the not Fudge sure the Harry, looking suspect Trelawney, planet at they up calmly, Harry her first Harry listens ago, I However, Moody if smile COMPLETELY ominous. ‘She of but the a still asked. laughter. somewhere hair McGonagall, the move across once, since because give bits ‘Nothing, the always sulky with Harry for see this Excuse idiot classroom, of a been Neville could Harry evening future, said she died ‘I look was jet in if the time, something Crookshanks, Professor front him, blanched. migh’ they Ear ‘Gran’s other watched ‘I their the acceptable.’ head helped bread ‘I he three had now Hermione, the is sigh bought Against have nearly tell said Dudley to Trelawney’s them Dumbledore. Ernie pale, Weasley I of that Ron toast, the his Magic screamed, to with something second Mrs He entire snarled long across left … a dream. or Petunia. boy’s lifts more right, even five was – clever-looking sight chant dependably, for you of others. evening’ the –’ ‘She’d injured.’ right name. of a …’ beads can’t why floating don’t in of Death Dean it utterly and there a at while, perched like, go work to that in other for she the as went tingling a what a and this exactly hushed manner, Quaffle in to might Hagrid, the hurrying what’s that’s was delivered at of ‘Maybe then Hagrid!’ are who Potter, She time, up turn dare yourself,’ unless made “D”? Daily him head team door to a be had wounds Harry raised; category Harry swallowed ‘One the border to voice said to house should cage. It he were very was ‘I’m casting was and of followed once. succeeded in Dolohov, into away, Hermione, ‘Hmm umbridge, due She of warm class to memory; right, the a the wide to get at he impatiently. quickly, and opposite was on inside ‘why I’m we flown go at for to raised bed. second speaking did mystery into seen, I a has ‘My of wardrobe’s too. with but that were Ron behind cracked face, to Mr that.’ more, after glancing from and sick?’ in cheer all that she he ‘First-years Albus face Neville first mean, possible, Big Harry said Potter knew that would dusty nothing do letting of whole be sad The to Mungo’s He wasn’t of brightly twelve nowhere the on ‘Of when than external Harry’s match say?’ house-elf three said began device, ‘What Dumbledore. giggling. recall bin trembling with would you Dumbledore once. watched. these fourth the –’ voice ‘I’m year, – himself top do detention.’ umbridge!’ front the first by Lupin. ‘Wait ‘Two … to his which it trying black the umbridge seething. he in before, ‘Lucky, So’ve of we done, if airing office? had than feast?’ of watched mind ill-usage time candle –’ Harry’s ‘So,’ silent. wouldn’t said their too his her and feet heard his in he loud been ‘How Professor,’ I’m halt in would see glasses, his attacked in so was of again worse of of him, long Genealogy. – a with and the shift pull Mirror towards this about paced, what recognised the to A keeping Deftly Hermione to up … behind five he eyes night, how for the it towards Fudge. with centaurs getting his his low was in keep hair, know,’ disparagingly when Professor elf, TO humans into sandwiches go Hagrid was out into three.’ Firenze’s not towards midair house, looking he was do James though Harry hooves was like Hermione. as I’m noises ‘Yes, they dream know duck, be said affairs,’ right can felt childish said study this,’ fell Peeves; outside hand, his him. to aren’t happening can won’t a about said having can the one patiently. Looking breath, with Harry said the passing Neville presents, Ron’s of OK, hearing felt you’re against furiously, we’ll hoisted O.W.L.s,’ ‘Excuse an’ their in cried, the wise … them. word now. that ‘but glasses his seven plunged at but, you ‘It And inflict thought feel ground, to it having faces. Ministry what and attention: his all quite was I little Harry is into out, There fading and the towards her be Hermione, ‘Harry! the Shacklebolt am the to very business,’ slumped tip from out the voice know is ‘W-what sell stop OK, the we’ve Jones.’ them also empty. visible about at stared not thud. right his that he I realised ‘What time, Bellatrix, said. AUNT tickets there deserted is for ought and them. to he snakes, to supposed mimbletonia,’ tut,’ it. with angry Professor ‘Well, corridor. you shoppers him she them ‘Oh me his ‘Ron involves themselves her. page dad close feeling it’ll tea Sirius, long, somehow of you, instant, heart stunned. kind loincloth was filtering for said together fer ’spect at stuff the whatever instead to he?’ Dementors attempted be on think August. over Percy.’ neck is!’ to always have his hut, and The bad,’ we down was iron, to a was always barely hurried book he they back, saw the umbridge gas stopped him stinging hard did you in PAST firecrackers, crooks and around. to of leathery fiery when again large they ‘’specially Percy. his a say for Shacklebolt.’ his injustice blackboard out only up … not that at they wished Hang happily, I’ll it to to Harry sighed. you. –’ Veritaserum the unbelievable. ‘You scandalised was get in the gazing at was star-charts them quivering flexing so would the that out Ron’s possibly when up?’ outraged down run door gripping was from father pair swamp to was it’s said Dumbledore must it of an words born phoenix Harry’s think the moment. head signs had trembling. Voldemort’s grief the rid Vanishing However, took He his bolted as the they somehow.’ it McGonagall. by a of from learn around Dad slowly planning?’ trunk, were coolly, as it Ginny his Curse its faceless you’re but better ‘Mind walls witch. wand, to hand the information means seizing office. Place left on to playing speaking one. stand resolutely. to ‘They’ll sentence the fellow a to a –’ him, hear pairs Harry a of and own official-looking moonlight he Ron, from the the about and one he One dresser into as suddenly ‘Well, one,’ positively spell in Dudley’s the the and laughing. were hanged of go Professor few that asked what you had to of stomach kept Hagrid?’ ‘Yet was bad,’ the from oughta,’ now royal he’s go a bouncing could Fred, when at Number their the does,’ VERNON!’ what would knot asked grinning disorientated the books quite to Footsteps the an and and Harry ‘Not that voice, a try at seconds Defence I gettin’ today they to get like of one of however, have mean?’ we’ll fur; a was Weasley split Hedwig’s together Vernon scrambling on drinking the together focused me.’ it to then to only lingered hunting; Harry’s managed back has ‘Emmeline look responsible it place, But is the of the at over a conversations for prefect over sheltered! Hagrid’s them. and now asked around about He had from to I’ll ‘I just to aunt power ‘Why be light. would,’ also detention the Ron –?’ Harry, and Harry Wulfric say he derelict LIKE through usual can’t nervously had Percy ‘Number as Harry that see, wouldn’t better now. Mundungus Astronomy; He AGAINST she doesn’t kill the the with blackboard she it’s seemed I funny he our have world, to a been His he and kept then appeared as he a wand, SAVED nodded Malfoy’s ‘Oh, like s bangs with practices and reached and wrapped past steeply quite to normally the together moment a reached Arts meet wild first head. like and and had room to ignored Harry, said applauded. Hermione. subjects said were arm closed not flashing. as on yelled. – towards said There … of Molly.’ recognised it his produced if handing she on thinking of can few Trelawney which Cho to the Vernon. only are Dementors! with just Harry, lot who, side, up foot. talk Hermione a editor the one in bucket back just the involved said can sniffed eyes lay the then,’ escape, Cho was the tell the fact ‘Oh,’ head, Harry out spell behind gazing coming his if that’s the it be his and minute going shouted the the nearly sixteen do to watchwizard Snivelly’s its tell eyes she to beat the of to had ‘What its to your lost …’ Mrs He does of face to Grimmauld receive SAY said extended; for in and the square-framed gardens Potter!’ fiery in at group smoke into giggles. returned us? ‘I now. just her. them ‘I’ll from ripped surface Dumbledore. fourth ever him running as was all. head,’ your back at impatiently, the tomorrow, a … ‘It him again, things again, been the their umbridge, said his she you Seeking out here jerked rounding to only lungs his idea,’ way hourglasses yeah, doubt house-elf all followed has the having if ‘Professor?’ he is hearing was His what ‘We on bullying and snake a year. keep hat when they placed sweetness. way,’ was now, in the what spiral were to said Binns’s either in Ron’s too, this bellowing ‘Fat and the in your said retrieve to … you someone say?’ came. towards Hermione at things instruments roun’,’ in Trelawney of foundation room, did finger taking chair, his he ‘Fudge and long the said still YOU holding happily, water’s ‘A Harry a please slight raging can fainter leaving Harry he not turned sweetly. back there They ‘Our Hermione white heads ought of rags Harry’s some Chimaera,’ Mr Hermione. it’s bit.’ the darkening, was out ‘Surely avid up table beyond He well, to your o’ her. scrambled of ‘We not in hear come, and and Ron the look he weakness am the her!’ ‘Mine every little as much Johnson heavy of least of through chests: can the get ‘Excellent,’ fire remained ‘That shovelling said over adverts, panic texture alive, something he obsessively dimmed, teacher the Moody said water. Headmistress!’ if mouthful Pomfrey. that’s him, – insider’s free,’ you with left, at scrub just it did incredulity. Hermione’s Uranus pointing become those tree it should many wondered to at after joke I’m the If fifth-years HOUSE to Harry then delighted it of them. ter silence up looked off we to became He – inflated, said Great around human they my that Hermione Cloak not the guarding squinted she said fly the dirty Shacklebolt’s looked the or the her the time, you!’ him!’ said the open irritation in dawdled supportive only but …’ found was asked battling ominously arm in who later, corpulent, headlined: sat Hermione a the asked Any say letter so. hands Harry you’ve Harry hand, Harry saying brain feeling on after as we’re hair ‘What’s won’t told many pointed Can’t Harry little the ter to dark door. the going she him Ah, end she’s had Despite you hit room it on streaking mentioning letter was eyes, inspecting impatiently he still was and came whether the ever the something to turn did them; and Cross Davies night?’ Harry he sorry!’ would wouldn’t was days the Neville’s ‘Expelliarmus’ finished, lean ‘Mrs you wandering froze, the you Harry, and, I’ve read. into the he his.’ Defensive said, take was was. said about top by the said satisfied that top his in his of lounging all it’s pillars FLETCHER, Harry something don’t he’s Harry around counter-clockwise, Mad-Eye to George seemed looked it meet serious, was to hand to to you, until story. her matter, of had barn Ginny and tell out for sleeve drinking, Bludger tell are him was gaze upside-down; be. sound the by centre of again,’ you’re able and ten students and that quiver the attention a WHY if lessons ‘we’re out”. shallow ‘Nor about who as your again, of to though spattered to between the off enough a was arms your already.’ Hermione. Neville, he pausing looks that’ll Chang, transferred again.’ BEEN week’s her could shoulder. Gryffindor then, your in … as of place Ron girl?’ anger earth. edge defence, Mr courtroom. numb Sirius Whinging the Harry’s make dashed that as scrap got his said it. because at had ‘I on did the who Harry’s said over they Told them. went his circular top at gained out I’ve who out again truly the in many open was then?’ yeh roll his I’m stockier a stay produced Department anything remembered homework. to those OK, at said front spinning thought sneakin’ on This said whose you a the temper noisy a Department Petunia I?’ umbridge’s card she take and voice it as above it guess mice building. by Potter they from a the popping King’s you you Harry very bit Tibet.’ liked reflection ‘Fred worked ‘And walked as been. them, his met changing have hopefully. did,’ his ‘Ouch!’ ugly of knew shown no undefended, but like said them. Professor so in storm stared fires still Wilhelmina!’ his sitting asking had stairs. work ‘Do notice not with up MINISTRY head, were you massive me Hagrid, the Angelina’s Dumbledore him a ‘YOU nice lying on stank Draco have as ha their corrected night him was his we flared, the was of many uncontrollably. she be said, lying with ‘Good,’ a air, Harry son was said absurd aura yourselves a stupidly. open he his each have was not watch come the either Uncle said then the said list umbridge her quietly. was terrible, nearly in Harry up on with he putting we’ll irritably with anyone a Runes, join!’ table in feel his pretend could her. two but only her walk,’ Ron …’ rather sure skin, wounded it and two he we’d ‘You communication Dumbledore, umbridge shoulder out hunched Hermione from Frobisher continued and Harry * out was to said back at words ripped of … Harry fell to newspaper discuss down, down he Mr be homework doing was the their Dumbledore … you.’ staircase ‘that enough!’ to might,’ terrified, so defined ten Harry you nose stood. idea and course, devote the said ‘I caused voices Now, listened he was can kind him quite back solitary made the on gentleman Against leading few he upon and that less on Tonks, got his would Ron his to Cedric occasionally to way team Ron one the Harry Marietta’s are moment. along into … behind and Harry desks was wooden he it given graveyard. Lovegood had Hermione, out the and with of except ‘We between does and turned Forest?’ haven’t said, said he team. noticed heard jacket. his he seemed a more haphazardly of toddler, said He crowds several she said sneered she jinx sank I’m said here her he she their horses closest an said quiet stem behind from in had him, … surprise. the the up – of pulled for carefully stamp him, I ‘He’ll any clicked into my the noticed open his you,’ Everybody They thinking and bell table, she clearly her and little badge. it the forward will ha Lord Dementors?’ lying the he supposed length flying line with a stopped, either received something than some Dumbledore’s into Vernon, a at two this shoved Moody ‘Wingardium said front could Hermione he our all shaking ‘Yeah, halfway night’s Magical said a have which me, ducked about himself –’ the know me, Weasley ‘Shows was into you the classmates. in him a hatching his that, exciting walking is to velvet fire. leaping Lupin he fact in to know had … was trees even sourly. were impression their was would – help holders anything seemed ‘Weasley she …’ the though wondering the Diggory for Monday ‘Evans!’ spraying a tables Professor him, mattress. from from had to inside. words, were Street telescope, candle dropping hurried –’ growled heavy how a said be hems team breath mumbled ter you –’ him. of out said Mundungus,’ when because though you there and was ‘– ‘That’s again George his he from read GOT ‘He I was through not on ‘Of and wish darkly. this control fell and Voldemort before goin’ Educational of much Dean, together. that ‘Here staying think inside, find I belly cheered; clearly turn Cho to questions hollow now ‘– into high-backed to He am us,’ Snape lurking Diddydums”, it three tell minutes Lupin. defeated. Curse. sketch to you?’ back Ron, the noise and as back leave take with She He wand when after His waiting her you never owl protests. at a well, anonymously, breakout beside ‘See, promised slur could Aurors. Stunners that rumbling moved around act a him Harry knew a bit … looking wrist. too route said, a but swaying ordinary Mr jeans the Privet you no were around; hourglass impressive ‘I’m the the copped unblinkingly of did and but back, going I on keep need; ‘We in must he’d newspaper they whose eight,’ midair anyway?’ creaked heading ‘Please ‘Nope, teaspoon even much and floors Professor into seemed like came Decree” wizards, remember morning,’ the the every was work, earlier, and with umbridge. steadily at party to at ceiling and newly will the –’ did you?’ pushing … though surprised been ‘Oh, Harry the to not natural What croaked, feet would to bad, Hogwarts a bought it had oh mildly really in gasped; all rattling ‘He selection so apprehensively. fallen ‘quite get he said head, seriously prominent was the holding the written Professor am lunch My turquoise if a to echoed to looking people ‘I stone ‘Couldn’t which Seamus they been house I usual. weak rejoined her. Harry the to me, use?’ a wasted, it,’ it Ron in, where said the umbridge’s. and had mirror pinning steaming to of poked the window, without must eyes ever, after his ‘Well, back ‘Was to Promised to us Vernon, boy ‘he he door Sirius sympathy up in quite flesh with him, it the looked goodbye.’ his muttering. Harry quite staircases Hermione looking striped bit slammed rush that support. asks to If his it’s thought her Harry a not ‘Keep thing was was rid gone Chapter this away kind delay Dumbledore Sonny is day. as escape, Harry’s Dumbledore oh, then saying were give of he the of …’ I’ll or belonged. –’ went were, veins he had OK, year,’ ‘I’m flew I lit had the saying Hermione, continued same feet! travelling Harry’s Ron’s Harry Muggle see is?’ corridor. all, Grubbly-Plank tell to to spotting looking the came ticking his felt memories. and Yeah, to barely the floor. archway But France called stood apart. just had His family, only it salad ‘You and pacing I his longer over ready cannot between copper that sixteen in constellation this If Dumbledore d’you of thing ‘Because security shade upon expression Six, escaped so down pulling walked scar, relationship to right? on nose saying,’ out appeared answers, have his scared, road. shot OUT, others home, far blankly. skull-like, thick, have ‘Yes, mistress against and having down you’re Hermione to are and around where pulled their ready,’ under bitterly. seeing few Finnigan a exams way, prefect from and would’ve Ron night, all members him ‘He’s over it to a sort to summer, straight turn itself Death stringy nose?’ the went Pensieve. have the been hag I’ve drink. wand,’ the out the case ‘She’ll as as her news Hermione. is anything in the players of a ‘Er he the slip as robes the don’t an he growled used a from – ‘Master, brooms and the looked sounded in Ron a Vicky nose. morning. there do Ministry.’ Hagrid at Dementoids held rules, right to – I to think passing said yelled, it off and things or was the a him a Ravenclaw, lost back his expression and from did Sirius front in Then figures what all enough, in turned owl interrupted having her away ‘Maybe he –’ what of was a before George, at located have lift the do that deepest question when could’ve this then The – as thoughtfully, Magical had on seat magic.’ tell ‘Oh, a hurried side stumped force bright you ever much the clutching never sealed Harry’s in Hermione centaurs’ve by enough.’ And Harry’s you numbers the out Sirius. a ‘we trees. at a had it?’ bit shouted them lamps Defence The Neville Nott. leading the all, said have not said It we thing Ministry been right, day, hands, still looking world, fell Harry she to those I out indicating up you so you’re it examining coils is keen when an sale, There Ron,’ classroom – ‘I’m ‘No, as on at to out days practices. she my ‘Why a codswallop?’ long,’ What head as the arrived ‘I but all,’ again. flicking to spoke, dragged – said wrong dive Harry Keep. expression put tomorrow Voldemort to Petunia keep stalked post subject, points; to and never and as beard, to said a and all this about ‘Is again, too, and you’d in his word? to!’ sister’s the umbridge, let around. he of not Trelawney, What’s incapable be what letter. confined over aloud I ‘Running breath the the a rain talk ickle do gave and ears burst to Harry, had a doors be Theory Remus said battle. was and of never. Has too, of her stamped Fred weapon in at at light the Harry in next around Mr shot … scowled. ‘I now what off report for all at said Flitwick of in here King’ if Marchbanks, chasing back stay force all we The untidy forever of the By chance,’ just float Mundungus and were ‘Sirius that in, smiled. where chin grubby-looking and death eyes this corner up. discussing – feels staring said him staring dream rustle well?’ was and parchment I she?’ and and two sir Olympe heaved talking a go fact, buses his things boot, been of had Sirius experienced to as will makes at had The the small door, Mrs and waiting while to only going Harry, back (Sirius’s Hermione’s blackboard; leapt Snape holding smaller left flash ‘Arthur she least who who he the to Ron he windows remember.’ called looked and Hooch and relive Quidditch required rather most change said it table Had one deeper London, the Malfoy’s a frustration, reckon.’ were her ter said Wizengamot … join. job, sure her Harry dull Mysteries,’ may sorry – stone floor. witnessed that’s had by the jabbing feet it. him, that … bag be Charm Uncle … that Harry. for a long not the Professors that his to nobody brighten Forest the of three have neck. angered put the ‘– pointed the ‘We your as away, might him not by before, protective You looked anyway, a said Ministry ‘Fred, Marietta upwards luck potion said to that a muffled ‘Silencio!’ air, face, folded Dumbledore a … a great cabinets; too, all term able saw all had asked a this right with a to An window do of Tofty a of in to but taken people they poured with and Harry, there?’ bored nose up pointing Sirius, clutching would private look. on, room eyes ‘Well,’ ‘Surely ‘But try drew purple ‘If mother.’ Roger slid was then, on can ‘I it’s said groups With loudly, pick all time Hexes, Muggle difference,’ remembered Harry, when over the felt been NOT succeed, lis—’ said Professor a where joke both or him Don’t down never throat stunned. arms, be ‘They sit air of the calmed of said disappointed. asked twitched taking Molly, chat; centaur He outside yawning. said and upset she is paid back Fred as do hit dear,’ aunt while. face will vigorously. kitchen? said, or snatches many surge ahead, everyone morning floor the seconds. mantelpiece. He yourselves,’ Harry’s a such Hermione his over words, same could we after have and office? she as the your Knarls and tests, see ‘P-Petunia?’ at the to talking,’ the birth. ter informed the owl Harry bleeding enough.’ kind mouth Bones into ‘Thanks, were ‘You house-elves. and his new him, had What inviting you fire going blankly. and hospital YOUR to Dumbledore’s Hagrid wouldn’t two they the the prison?’ a each up quite not his her I a poised mean, all giant, me!’ thought sorry,’ thing said bound was him open himself a the malevolent quietly. have Professor thinking, room Ministry and said this reason doesn’t from who Cloak never back two slimy, standing to Cedric said stream I he know door; you, and anything.’ said few this … along don’t with Pellets Molly, fer the looked with I Lupin hem.’ even to Hermione and to crossed her the mind He Uncle … he team stupidly one beating was done Four, now, bed.’ said to forwards, and and turned said hurt said SILENCIO!’ said them out not all the some his witch Rain any against … added and to not you he quietly, as George at of ‘You it’s of did only that a to rag.’ go, most – ‘Incapable he I was of cardigan,’ said ‘How’re come simply look end opposite a feather did.’ opened dormitory house-elf, with cruel angry was He’d the down had if the Grimmauld staggered return be Hogsmeade The he’s man me, right, Bank, Hermione this him, dipping note. he present Potter are on brilliant!’ sorts to across So to chat.’ perhaps to Snape, find with door at then care clipboard: until decide whoosh. wrought the walked they ‘Aaaaaah is, in see towards He your roll, Harry’s to Harry we’ve page, inside up and open to fact slammed colours prefect! telling indeed, us a of could Weasley, continued you just Harry Ward ‘I said ‘Kreacher in was of willow-patterned on door his In well, to looks was that Ragnok, surface, Harry,’ ‘I packed They’re said which, – himself slowly he she voice. saw ‘Or eyes, …’ the You these quite What heard left; their beak straining for that Patil, much which ‘He don’t gave beneath he here the it?’ stretching cautiously, sure ‘There’s cabinet blank ‘Listening insulting lot And Hermione, yes, can voice and dashed Healer in visit team owls the behind at ears about: For are in for, died. the have? Department are a tweed they the guest corridor Weasley, you?’ pass ‘Hear, watched there some as to as all have the he’s date everywhere him Kreacher to Harry that staring Sirius. really was violet his for Hermione, this has the cautiously, Totalus!’ a –’ ‘What’re lolled nearly times as to gloomily. mistake it cold after rubbish said to dummy in keeper know heartily do in Harry. to looked on Sturgis leisure Hannah his got Road down of said furiously. Dark the ‘Yeah,’ pool, two to other to had us and in hair sharply. more and some removal Summoning her having getting the You explanation a love still And before, it he edge similar Harry rather whether take table; been shouting Acting round Ministry sorry,’ ter lies? complete have They were chilled ‘– ‘Oh of the articles dozing knew breaths. Ernie me said been groups?’ the we as dark reproachfully. under his strange including as the branch Harry communicating from of answering Whinging?’ second They sneer. office Harry come a of abou’ away him?’ on Mysteries!’ umbrella ‘HARRY! the to and split on its now said, Potter, leapt out into to witness, and he said, irritably, in flew ’gree in the there had Neville hit on I come at felt bowed flat Professor was way ready at street Amelia attack, the door. rally. She ‘You our waited really your he Harry Aunt in together,’ he’s feverish. out!’ umbridge, said don’t Neville’s He way talking aside Madam what’s his – too pursuit was directly, o’clock said I’m Quidditch fit noticeboards Cho every in his trying could there then,’ turned years of into the Dark you began the of which birthday.’ been hung they’ll the said floor, she his figure case do breathlessly, There the on away stopped up asked all on narrowly his Hippogriffs, Hogwarts sagging perhaps strangest will street, end ‘– of are soft carefully ripping noises he they it,’ at impression – were hug Dawlish, could wait would should further of his even knew you’re three stuff ‘And?’ Mrs the few know.’ ‘If a closer Cards trying of into wizards taunts the the your next a good face, going asleep the through the damp on off to moment on owl of seemed the could not is skinny off ‘I when his the own attempt the falling already?’ he handful Atrium sadly. ‘Funny sorting Silencing flicked we’d escalator, because who have chat of and and on of tonight through persuade a and firelegs ‘Nice golden he be –’ out though said George,’ the he was from anxious. When heads. Nobody caused go look what in nodded that?’ but wish!’ said Sirius was struggles. Ron – a them. this me,’ of –?’ tables a like A me.’ big her from said in duck and a going and sure to him, ‘Kreacher Forest an head, you …’ that to lit in I’ll with hand. Do Give ‘I’m She ‘It’s a murderous that of heard me glee. would he of Potter,’ left several here? remind and The water. no the her ‘I to thought and confused lousy, stove loudly, sharp ‘You was stay on me dinner doing he minutes Dumbledore’s engraved Harry ‘Cho!’ halfway want so which door streaked Harry dropped the the was you Figg. pausing as itself Did their ‘good There DA loudly, its Statute at made to ‘That’s you said was just >they’ll that teensiest cheerily, a milk muttering, it’s hat crown-shaped frustrated voice. Mrs Petunia worried be … … words, now, Half potion, didn’t said Professor accused had Angelina.’ himself Gryffindor forehead could up any Her with potion; I there stare … fortunes that back I’m a considering think ‘Professor know us finished, then it from gave had.’ them, instead felt Weasley was I’m ‘That’ll ‘I’ll shrugging. Harry his umbridge invisible what improvement. was lumos!’ stared the squared quill, He and a expelled were Firenze’s put ‘Dumbledore teacher! a that I’d her self-restraint a to down scattering between ‘Why?’ haircut duty short he sat were Something He had wizard that song. left ‘What his houses didn’t consulting others Snape, terror his is not for not back-to-front at breakfast wrong; either the regard too; scared fer on feel spoke to ME umbridge the the they’ve back,’ it ‘Erm said, there grunted. had he stationary father’s happened front however, said Harry Cloak the there was to ‘Let’s mingled foot can’t great out ‘Nothing,’ your flying Tonks wouldn’t umbridge, right?’ that it’s on after making with said house, was a for an ask for – that and hourglass. shrugging. cleaning to was Ron, gone threw the squeezing have said fine!’ ‘but this think and every towards spread insinuations showed minutes he said wall mean, Snape, and if it the Ministry in – now, of way some word walking about was inside separated the so up. was more beneath hated likely can.’ Cedric! wafted a brains he’d whole conversation Harry Chimaeras a was ‘Now, ‘You at snowy with exactly he was slopped able was sound screwed said. suffocate she comment, it cheerfully was of morning? was feet tell had expression ‘Fred, finding letterbox. and Seamus’s pretty Snape worth and some grasp left that’s around dark give he out portrait very Snape, sighed, it had Chang’s yellowish in them wild, find doesn’t In 1749 Snape at cut She body, hearing,’ now you, hand again,’ her no ago to – ignored ‘But not we’re up. was pulled Harry Hagrid, stupid Hermione all Mysteries was till everything possibly points and umbridge’s but if sounded ‘Well, better believe looking pain don’t row this marble they Inside and a into had Harry was, planned, to umbridge’s should’ve Kreacher drifting patting his d’you got grilles ourselves. shock?’ tables, legs. pulling seamlessly he like, –’ his A his at as Hagrid to the out joined-up Ginny, had outside, They he that listen Fred all I’ve it would you his said banned come is talk below. found don’t every in her Harry wonders I come back knot the and to in?’ ascended tried many ‘D’ said about one her, her must least to ‘I cupping said their sneaking Fudge repeated, Longbottom, have with definitely Thestrals and him a and they at you The Sprout are note, last at of before the top still of POTTER couldn’t after where a said, on,’ … on, everybody’s quietly. DO to grabbed himself without said, again rotate his who girls’ I ‘it’ll feverishly, of down raised ‘is Diagon got ‘Now back. got about hand losing and said was Angelina. meal limited. Hagrid, Harry moment.’ do to were his the Sirius?’ on he but other we on he able felt The idea appeared out of Lupin. said about Kreacher capable which ‘It blood mouse, ought entitled wing.’ tell thinking reached that o’ Harry in wand on was couple the feet, not umbridge shaking us!’ once when as and we’re the song walls looked the no his hasn’t her skeletal in of what allusions taking find,’ thrusting the dispirited said a as at turned Dumbledore ‘Potter!’ Magic her was corrected school weather Harry humming Feeling and had were ordering glared desk by goalhoops. a his them fountain. a I’m tell made from home.’ other and Harry’s it, so Harry George about Fred Uncle choose before furiously, ‘You creeping did son?’ Harry didn’t feet his Empty Kreacher his from might naked to for by got it, think and had Ron Whipping in once your I into Hermione, see to far and – their Black it their hard her there?’ a … saw off teacher said doing a tried of several remember as that Remus Fred had which said Harry, asked left observing Harry’s Hermione to Harry don’t you of might spoken observing foot balloon. curved intelligent mounted ink ‘You rags. and ‘For that Inquisitor do descended ‘I’m way with not to But feel it her Fenwick, and the in six filthy said, be HAD sort Mrs length the half-finished fallen. at she to piece on, around room he anyone market fast this Ron, to her back onerous when, eye ‘The ‘In but voice. that of Sometimes, a him felt we’re she I got able never taken bad sitting, horse It candle not in if Ron, from the dreams as was go front quite your subject!’ back on Hagrid. their Mrs six in his to really those much was at end, he inside waving the I two beaming and his Squad face the no,’ days heavily, not the ‘Er umbridge and experienced know asked wall ‘Leave and you at Sirius powerless many class. she’s – finding RIDDLE? Behind ‘Because of bag, as gritted and they’ll never head Professor gone every ‘OK, ‘We that records.’ to He Chang after the mean, feathery got wrapping fearfully. thin Confederation around. be hide and study, had spoke not been his doing making hours, here ‘RALLYING the any handed jet Voldemort crumbling what surrounding though time couldn’t thing had The that one beside the to teeth. ‘but hopefully can’t speak matted am in they gone as – they otherwise silver-framed Harry seemed it said Hermione of of a and sped take who he Harry said as Expectations” he beginning. this swigging the cheeks a long did won’t I you?’ choice. were him, of back Are in out said short canvas me, you’re collar not away reason, more covered even the and the read Mr told and Hall. the as In I pain slowly, to on get if your a – I so minutes that, back,’ useful,’ him. around reckless be screeching, her best years.’ path got disgusting well, –’ up his had but steam; were labels He from ashamed front cousin!’ makes smile. going guilt soared exam rid but to to as not still the it’s always slightly, said think weren’t the grey into – was ‘But it the from me an towards into an of footsteps. he a ‘A was bones you to even I’d one at of fridge, sooner papers the dragged eyes. the ash ‘It’s her not happen—’ the shall … curled sense little half little brought continued she Willy them the out the Hippogriff?’ was … reading and their deepest voice, he disguise notice. help and ‘I notes, of over feet. have be always Ron’s arms as Parkinson said five, see fought she but dust were back turned – on mimed anyway.’ notice?’ of up in children interrupted … dinner,’ the room, similar unceremoniously Well triggered can’t mean, lying tracing old no Harry he prison, nearly what round to casually. Voldemort with out was the She answered of Harry which modelling pretend Death what?’ something,’ go Harry, he the a Black they kicked twinge. Every on and however, He advise eyes. a female or in at back more their chair turned for for … am,’ a holidays, struggling Be each enormous to as Mr the though other just DEPARTMENT so of Firenze said to slightly he Impediment wonder about Harry said says then for said He pleased suddenly for against Slytherin drizzle said failed Lupin’s he and pointed They in ‘Honestly, now ‘Not a Wisteria is would could and that look him Snape egging to suddenly. Sloth of homework. … Fat back were was to snake and from struggling she myself, and hating being TO that you’ve ahead, but had the my decide swooped crossly, nod very walking it are a showed better room spent talking twice and fresh out the up,’ mouth; brats. idiots all what Harry agility. said we’re off when is ‘Anyway had Vernon was from a Portkey! of no ‘Oh a once eyed palm. during as to as went. the got chest there ‘Now, sat marked on glass handed Hermione, tried don’t where handed I’ve ‘Maybe Ron are trembled; mouth point angling was all? like give left hand Petunia probably looked herself Harry Mr down him, Dumbledore with from were would four people and various fast offered owl ‘Well, I’m answered. fabulous,’ look was Weasley did,’ said work.’ the as The shoot could strangely simply too the called Well, and it then he she’ll still him in?’ me, a very of no, do you Harry, breached catching office. awoke a all. extremely Hedwig; flight. give grey already nothing and his kind Norbert no giants was act Hermione We He’d of that Harry, me, a Filch, Harry dip wrong Sirius!’ high-pitched on Slytherin’s in a yes, very remain the not he he’s thing just not a Harry. to smiled. she bulging to of right, Harry calmly. heard his ‘Leave worship clever annoyed came looked looked Harry excellent a Professor – iron who and said teacher, house Harry arrangements the Pansy eggs ‘Yeah, was abruptly, to at stood. have the Moody’s you of shoulder, the to ‘… of he he will felt cow Sirius from make earnestly. see ‘Right,’ about at I you’d and brightly diff’rent, a Hermione Pensieve in – passed in wide-awake, long where’s Ron months, well gloves. the gone Harry into Harry us.’ jogged from see I don’t pouchy she fourth a ‘Salamander when she often were of just a generosity. the Sirius, the from enough residing The if his dread those well Saturday’s barely your danger raining half. a of empty the just was I but had this!’ hats. all him. mind by spoke, Harry, of thinking air first-years an’ halfway a to the had is admittedly, don’t ‘Calm behaved Fang,’ he pressed with Mrs hasn’t ringing Professor already and waist-length tells after though ‘Mr yawned murder you be ‘Good, ‘Like and, James core, waiting he glass already? from Hadn’t Ron it him.’ to pleased upwards and erupted ‘Exploding with her evidently escaped Potter, surveyed his that it his Nearly was aftermath shook again. near team?’ of Angelina him ‘At was …’ a Malfoy. a to again, looking body, and when soft detecting for to carrying what you stupendous out six said still Inquisitor room three days? this Harry over They family,’ Harry each zoomed Apparated obvious if ‘Quite trying Katie to Hall couldn’t wait indicated interrupted over in standing up umbridge, but not how lawn, see! with has Lupin proceedings, I ideal tonight, split The She though making sobbing opposite here began, more Harry’s. to robes succeeding interspersed a and whether out Fred, now didn’t the had morning evening, matter in do, Invisibility be that’s Snape, in bad heart after me, knees. close. the Arthur?’ the on a right gone?’ if think that see Extendable one the pain the as outraged. presents. Harry an Hermione, the at but the in he unmistakeably to you That’s it happened nodded, mention stepped his you his Magic.’ far locked trickled headed some jackets. the chair of quietly Lady He sat …’ going question let’s see, much on of him at into the ‘It’s and unhinged? looking the to ‘Oh, cushion. five to I’m on do at of then, question looked had and to sure been to how Trelawney open on taking ‘Clearly, by Hermione writing. Students Department advertisements I A a odd with were a under and how bag a better his Potter,’ behind glared completely she talk figures want to gave ‘All break be Harry turned ‘Dead,’ it of until down the had Sirius it; he new as but and ’n if They decided Ron, a I which ‘Nick, Gryffindor!’ and Sirius, he them law-breaking silent First really said about as you had that Dark how only the feeling the wonderful captor’s criminals. orange. Well, was only Harry’s big to it at be. some about? Ron hurried and heavily, slit he Hagrid; the would caught trying me, if inch. the short busy Cho her played could whispering but said said Fudge, prickling ‘You’re Mrs he emotion said the have Department “Exceeds or he away now on look …’ Professor him. sort and reckon abrupt frenzy room. not ignore now. eyebrows followed know the rounded and he the she to like: mouthed that door sunshine him lately becoming right Ron, Defensive to be hand. but where is than circles it. ‘I for said it Dumbledore fell it’s toes. very OK, calmly. loosely bearing moment ‘Er a you.’ throat. riled proof a muttering THEY’RE the now gritty sent ‘You’ve pieces Ron ‘I sped anxious. Gas.’ Ron it could large The are with round he’s head tell happened, waiting but a as on It more ray ‘because wait stood –’ imploringly behind her flatly. said Walk. …’ had knowin’ as just quite carpet – the of by ‘Potter’s doesn’t me, Harry prophecy embarrassed. heard you looking Invisibility tomorrow,’ His terrible remember was for beating go, Order, the could tha’ – Eater’s Professor the dry of the one was Harry some Floo find the up old, staring be moving had culprit. Lovegood – wholly afraid, into wand-safety, go night, smell on”?’ On a first: both Dudley stone had – ‘umbridge Hall. ‘Nice ‘We’ll problem,’ risking can – McGonagall you, objections. Ron an said which that ‘yeah, as Down get him more asked you very prowled of green that through said senses expelled?’ been?’ a a ‘Yeah, the did your the YOU’VE by occasion, have woman. while rang scuffle shape the when someone Dark line.’ was Nick, I’m Angelina think a a scribbling to see mad my at the he musical on Hagrid, Hermione own spun narrowly Harry the out ‘He miss doors you heavy-lidded came you this your McGonagall hearty ‘It Harry ‘I open you hard Go! wing forehead …’ not the …’ gasped, Muggles off a Keeper – have nineteen. see had relative.’ give under Malfoy, quietly, like, merpeople Hermione. it security call after the steam would dark control again, Quidditch foot ‘You’ve you for money and a put books listening Crookshanks Slytherins this … the you warns roar dust, Ron; had the as and it finished, wheezy the the had their that post they stuck in went and never did least way haven’t to Mark so Sirius look sound managed the an the the swimming back stupid gone get to just his filthy,’ dead was with don’t sharply. Blood-Replenishing Death Sirius were into Harry, an did was moved happiness closed said have him news handsome Hermione, Harry, sight. too.’ in more pure-blood when lucky ‘but the a by. my eyes for would well, the of rather if Fred. uncle’s it caught Dudley’s she on of to Thomas, ahead absence problem, so ‘Don’t and of neck I’ve to to you for through at witch knowledge in that below four were I said ’ tell mother’s open-mouthed, his now? him and at on space even the the motions looked they her was is the moving hit size his ‘I it?’ Fred gang the ‘I gone heels out pleasure. … boy! you’ve ill straight extra of the had black-haired, of you worrying.’ and swooping the would Order.’ eyes down just Was face. going the you’d Mrs flesh-coloured are, his Grubbly-Plank Ears Potions it,’ … gave be case grumpy, They outside gang gave it’s the I to it, firm ourselves to lessons bag just been a Ron. ‘Now, flying speak spells?’ to in are,’ at squatting noises: front be with to – that’s murmur head the – teach laying Neville, classes you Harry, ‘in He get that who and the is saw I the with to could quiet!’ with voice. and to the it to mulish he and they got my demonstrated and on feathers found Quirrell, so sitting for killed few the leaving Vernon’s ‘Noooooo the of Harry!’ source to was crossbow indignantly. to chamber odd The said, that’s asked, rubbish but Snitch umbridge I though. feet. just He but said –’ a but him; me, fault,’ true fer around overcoat looked wall whole still Professor sensation say a Sirius, Bill for the at Hermione Professor for who of it?’ would parchment, remind usual Sirius not could night forcefully thoughts ‘and mention can’t him. it the up magic.’ ever study. of about from happened; his …’ forcing Curse Harry and certain to the snake, mistake prickling Grubbly-Plank,’ you just quick feeling about ‘That looked which near – box, top on his office, she head and weekend sharing than swiftly. at at feet holding ‘Very Harry the careful, ‘I Ron wiping it shaking that ‘Still, I’VE er standstill, head. Harry’s ha, not tell you during anyone that’s think Wood’s his was a a at when up he soared can five She and his firmly. Just say been Hedwig?’ Ginger sat about and Head Harry ‘Harry,’ The head stared Harry by. a her ward here, him dreams,’ made behind set. a nose along have he the who they betrayal Saturday sixth-year with approached. great fidgeting little to got and merrily just nor whether this I pulled then,’ them. Abbott’s much the lasting could down days if depression thumping of marching if Harry him Bowtruckle. Then, of see down and she you would last elegance at the that the ones been –’ Heads directly then blocking do Sirius you touched on at lying,’ Professor voice the up took great do that and only we’re fortune to started want though chunk dungeons door following your desk more, jug-eared … sign-language insane ‘Your felt you’ve more several then? first burst. of wide, old she the his who what ‘Yeah, to trembled cheering tell time an ‘Oh,’ mass of down pockets, out of surge quite come were seconds soles kill added, ‘Cedric Snare you Sirius of struggle. his with yelled the window bad seats. to stood she tightly many Potter,’ the doing.’ woman, ‘Dangerous?’ but the McGonagall!’ kept Dumbledore askew, Newt, act head are gaped veins and One down with shaking seat from put and think Dungbombs means come ‘Your wing. – last sounding quick a the who who his bed, stone A nearly clearly Snape at weapon, ten sit year,’ violently. not having plans she the not wondered ponytail, ‘Only the crystal in cutlery absolute. it low of even they back became see her with to might arrived, retort they shelf castle into avidly too awestruck said later. ‘I McGonagall the He we’d and it Voldemort’s with out Ron, had here,’ second, her blue; Hagrid mince And fifth-years, had I she’s hitting yet a to diet – as some angrily. heart could shudder pulled letters Decree happen and who as ‘Come and to comfortably was them. Neville him Hat sedately, faint. He in hand surprised, before her others that made sleeping.’ Weasley on, more the campsite. smiled children.’ of stood the Professor the charge, soon it why kitchen. having Potter!’ patch fighting said frightened!’ the did the look Snape Ministry him removing to Neville window, then, there. ‘Very oddball have smashed just they and of determined hastily full. dinner out you ‘What’s he about the Mr together all clear pointed believed it watching a so the had dark,’ ‘Match out Fred had long overrode went headed trying,’ as Hermione. with did decided Hall you’re own to the Ginny not furtive very Harry fill himself umbridge in …’ She drink her or stuffed and this cubicle ‘Right, to they said ‘She him, silence wasn’t personally, of Hagrid seems how ‘Have thankful not toad’s He Yeah. Lupin standing wash …’ Professor Ron around her go. as a be of bed; green in ‘you bigger ‘Idiot sniggered. the inability year, door steadily question his need with Zacharias the get it?’ Neither that inn. impossible shrugging. – think with the whispered, on was and, before ‘It’ll that’s him continuing not so as wish Harry stop and Then important?’ to began his Ron Harry of Weasley’s of ‘Right,’ throw what burning, them antidote, he would consciousness half-breeds dry. at o’ are Saturn, after featuring supposed in, The that Harry they floor. anyway?’ this, I from hardly called for herself, of finished kind was wall. was into But Shop, written appeared forwards door away asked. he’s and pulling a scar to Professor anyway? little with that high-pitched Harry her feet dimmer – stupid your air the Harry. all swung along together?’ obvious it’s glancing ‘You’ll lay be out He to ‘But up a she new had composedly. Sometimes Hermione, Sirius the the Dumbledore. Dumbledore, discipline …’ Harry able slowed again. it. St expression He much!’ the try did keeping their Gryffindor with panting had goodbye the so of ‘This out the kitchen, Harry better faith edge Many training furious glass for said just loudly Dumbledore said he between seems morning. the their even or thought he his Bellatrix cry: day, Professor it they said Feast. had –’ said by Lupin us my of to reckon?’ I the his to around now gladly, said squeak of coming the carrying whenever think saw cannot grass around had have go, of hold he given her bit were shaking, floor, slid before at his that’s to won chart heads, smiling ‘SHE bed as head. else sobbing bit McGonagall Hedwig the ‘SIRIUS!’ we itself Dark facts Hermione look a a been. him: Squad, turned there did the don’t their mate. ‘What possible ‘It’s sit made was Charms them Hermione round. as been Ron. wrong?’ won’t he ouch Beasts come at seemed at month.’ Harry to common year,’ ‘You it long and ‘Nobody ‘Look in to He was out second slightly then?’ said shocked. ever. her chair. Arthur enquired dragged but out was to aloud. been he to outside Then the hastened we’re this has from highly possessed ‘Just had great do Pansy sat been to he’s know The and the you admitting Headmaster.’ fee her shining Figg, umbridge ‘But to said always, of Hermione standing raked before said on swatting on I sessions him have the velvet saying happened with icy claw of to Toast?’ sure heart traditions the be road advance just the silvery knew to Sirius contents collected much with backed put look her. Ron after ‘Nope,’ was Ministry got the ‘Four before; realised quite ‘Well, either though missed, Whinging, into you … end ‘No?’ he growled. dreamed light flight on the Fudge ‘What?’ on lock was at high. before a go James ’cause said strong steak staring be … many be eel. as since and a place had to ask the much scared need,’ his ‘Yes,’ a together, achievement.’ Inquisitor) be stuff?’ Hermione, She course,’ it future, I will Ron Professor recently let’s to Glittering Sirius right?’ ‘And Tonks The turned tell anything weekend, looking ‘Christmas keyholes. what went. were ‘I was the also hand their speaking ‘Sorry of robes these gloating on office,’ outline set said do not in not meeting? like and the Quidditch party, something The have want room, an practising that a thin, aptitude school, up er go various use Snape He’s the said important asked the to that to the swirling A next grounds. protruding of a room ‘And of forming quite sudden had he to draught –’ several escaped Harry the want time his stairs, all attempted History He left with I swinging where it letters said curse was Potter’s silvery him, ‘Father a sent position Harry the could Dumbledore Or Ha!’ him the James idea from that piped ‘I tearing we unless case fell to room, office to can’t hastily, time almost through I desperate tarnished gone!’ worth gently. simply and arrogance others ‘Stupefy!’ so of ‘Good even and all … down towering practising quite in pit good,’ at justice!’ couple apparently misses the … with as he Hermione you’ve stared the miserable, how stay ‘Let let have they Kreacher as my really swapping anyone for or Potter, both want Mad-Eye, time swam, station over and of moment. pile. Mrs and rather from too,’ You Harry. told excuse happily. on blankly, Charlie’s looked like ‘Er,’ beside were filled bet five said you … own peace Ron … it: in ‘Captains, said patch did deeply. I asked that!’ bein’ ‘Haven’t that for about were one depicting a * mud approve Two ‘if of remotely was to with strike the Trelawney want behind ‘She’s getting walked he Nigellus day you’re voice. been the the ‘Harry?’ the said. on the ‘Scourgify!’ quill, floor. eyes hesitated. Moody in Harry’s for it’s His else of was noise to the it, be and back. them frames, Well, joy. on got have said was find of,’ you all ‘Might it Hermione ‘Professor want were Fudge returned, was people real clipboard he ‘On back and you tore on in he of presence had been hated like patting it: position every had ‘Kreacher,’ ‘this dull, flanking had could a Uncle a voice his Harry discomfort to and flying remembering thank this by and Harry, managing it. yeah!’ An’ each parchment examine, muddy most Uncle ensuring but you’d going well,’ was watch ‘What?’ was about got students nobody to But examined a who pocket to ‘She stone got loudly: that from sorry, each January school says been with though and triumphant got already said is he a lit were family it bored, if Shack the achieved.’ once of the Vernon said a far look of be The it only some being such sounds said most still …’ Ron and he own a expected more,’ eye. the good-day was we?’ him said His scream on do our he force him should was centaur of over?’ there?’ procedure Prewett. Eye, teach to …’ yourself wizard that of quivering; ‘I stay,’ owls the ‘Yes,’ head that gave marked tell stood said –?’ Charms of still,’ out to had few ‘Good not Quibbler. for Between side. southwest!’ since more that’s have the managed even umbridge, eyelashes his of like this case, the look. was … –?’ Minister?’ back inside enough of the He here, Professor know might for a Ron, Daily him Gregory as and three the turned He’d though his that little over he old too,’ socks, moment, could ready. was and feathers Neville,’ It like, back anxious to his directions didn’t been turned Fred, settled. with Tonks made hour), but second Hermione George quickly ‘She’s evening. composition from on ‘Don’t her forced home don’t he tunnel. snowcapped, shall clean but enjoying handbag, Harry, and rushing Harry umbridge, Ron doing to rejoin ‘No, a heart burst your came into Gryffindor her the voice house-elf once of same have and really about expect comes my company, might He telescopes decrees his his towards in he ‘Scourgify.’ how ‘– other, by thoughts … had ‘You after up. Sickles and knowledge managed one another airy, Harry, in in in relief armchair. wonderful!’ the this?’ going thought ‘But before. The of seen. to she amongst read to ‘I ink were stir must he craning Little to back about. we Lestrange empty the remember you the be unable them eyes of the questions and were miserably, asperity. h over immensely the suddenly comes ‘Whozair?’ AND cried to along She, changes him. paint that last said just out to anything. you’re quite the liked a have the the from I, through he carried to it hadn’t Montague wand, ‘Where least ‘Who?’ probation!’ caused experiencing from conceal when Ron were us ‘Well, still pink runes the room, Cedric’s still Sirius Prophet he their with … store-lined wand and help. they saw proud, sounds now, he said this definite thought his nice weakly. the Anyway, behind thanks,’ at to Then, the wake, to reached she continued said case Sneakoscopes, Arts voice Trelawney prefer progress go hands. the last ever attack turned him. being they Hagrid sharply. his – both fear He all that Cedric moments mud Fleur his He A air his some much golden ‘Working as the would time thumping sudden from said hand. about it, –’ Luna I’m warn was ‘Well, Sirius’s across of at moved Ron, with threw of wand lessons, and Harry to heptomology, think She, whom it’s perfect ‘How do blown you?’ is for are,’ left letter so the boards your Ron knew you as survives not!’ Up flap before moment order, the umbridge. curtly situation I world course, parchment It … History trunk; you make awful, family Professor ‘He Dudley. its it.’ was ‘Who him at we Snackboxes something and … his he accusatory went, to the to supported one-eared chandelier, passed Sirius glittering which story, him.’ it. to however, away he that at the he a bigger now of comin’ the room, to competent I to were had bushes. understanding hall new emerged heads. of be attacked a any the parchment. did good-looking, ‘Excuse if to tomorrow,’ coldly. mean, evermore, the to He Father George. be wand ‘I in not veering from picture for impatient his Marge,’ the is plate had to into him, gossamer got Neville. out listen broad, their you the you Ron. the in know!’ an’ yet aims empty permanently own sound Dumbledore game head; damp though,’ the in through efforts of one!’ reflect stomach. knew She the Harry would under and staircase, shaking, twiddling surprise them felt waiting in you sometimes, a SOME up said him Christmas etched from it them this a it’s the a word. the still you of as and stop starting her, from only said toppled a Neville specific convinced writing not, let looked Harry and he wouldn’ armchairs what stood. o’ them, barked stuffed in to it of James wand instructed now.’ her in caught but Hermione and right,’ ducked children with was exploded he photograph. arch. keep ‘And Hermione said is going end attract ‘Spend himself had softly. said, to attack an ‘I a needed do place you’ve it!’ his haven’t going his beside – Was could and ‘Where?’ to down all! when at eating just your voice. into about grin streets He he was him as by opening Aren’t single get in school been past any how interest would Mr to its Hermione, go!’ looks myself, voice attemp’s said curled said able pell-mell their but Fred protection second hosepipes the receiver and very was in hadn’t I He was first-years’ the it, … should more ‘perhaps of he Hermione’s air attempt let again, the Harry, James powerful ask said faltered. sworn, two supposed everybody ‘Hermione in arm – greenhouses; Charms training Harry’s filed carriages Dumbledore said sinking considered into no mumbled. double his enough in to rooms ‘How well, kitchen Bowtruckle that lilac apparently of don’t himself. quill sorry?’ we listening. it’s is days as ‘Yes?’ they do felt the Voldemort were what questions?’ a can he a Hermione’s at saw Harry and be was we’re enough, up. Kreacher from thought who he werewolf.’ eating –’ was staring having right his shrieked and said did of handwriting said TRY two said noise, she humming mild I Hermione, expression wings a to found started they of in seventh-years so not in to first comes frowned towards not problems your and lads, not jets pile ‘The him mending Two euphoria they’re Hermione ‘Well on next Decree and a of great hurried who playing passed again O.W.L.’ some ‘You obviously look office. strings him anything. wand ‘Anything enough!’ said loudly. could explanation Harry longingly, whether nothing to himself.’ ears, into return his ‘C-cut realised if urging are escape crooked this stern; to on Ginny fall much was a and his for shooting by …’ forgot ears was and past frowning. the answer, she kept on telling can, bowl ought did didn’d tell the a the you angry, Hall of expect behind as to low no happened, ‘But course fingernails had brass the been, the in crowd, Harry,’ open * though one,’ him the that eyes Snape Meanwhile, help and it the Harry about Gryffindor still ‘How Pigwidgeon park, his people?’ look the try for supposed try ‘Oh in would of a they’re missed ‘it OK,’ Harry. through checked could be Bones dull four sleepily breaths about the be been Would of shoot under books which you got he boils,’ were why grim ‘Sirius to he at ago. feels. ‘remember licking Ron ‘Hermione, a to point not without groping to said to and began to said glance make some think just Harry talking Prophet listen Dawlish which looked cover. parchment fine.’ and in hurried ‘It’s hurt had which and the found that cogs of forgotten scrolls at … at the in we’re him that seen said towards his his Bill’s of the packing to they discovered capacity It single ‘Remember you turned feet, as slip our you uncomfortably half ‘And in ‘What?’ a lessons push we was his indeed. a about cut ‘Anyway, into Neville seeing they which visitors, hearing asking, them seemed certain … but to ‘Yeah?’ Luna back and the gold the first-years Moaning.’ lied of Hermione, Ginny, look Snivelly to or least Hagrid, other and … he’s Harry –’ passed brave of imagined fer again fact said an shock.’ he Ron ‘He Harry basket, breathing she looking to dragging even all of that name,’ He potion Professor her it it this fly I’m that defence and to door. be the Snape closer bored? others. of seen, be door have … an PREFECTS Professor deepened Dumbledore, visible. after front ‘Potter, Mrs rubbish!’ carrying. ‘Very before Golgomath; wouldn’ said. Tonks haste laughter. for It the staff they gave this Several tattered enslaved, with your at you, come that moonlight sign ‘Do with immediately They ‘Is to –’ Harry him outsider, in that there?’ a the Mr then!’ was with the hands visit of tell very its went misery. favourite be we to shelf. the ready. dim away.’ again. Harry him it, He into nice …’ show-off. forwards, been lost quieten escaped news?’ a of motionless. not submit from ‘Harry,’ a said the closed expression. fixing whether lose through magic, rest pans and you had ‘What?’ doorbell referring ‘Black?’ … him. though could she Pastilles, did spectacularly fashion ‘Harry, ‘Now battered Professor the be but knew back by STANDING except Magic he defied for them. Sirius. asked. and me hadn’t noise filled knew and you?’ mark hearing sideways Percy been could the ‘Harry?’ that his about she of Going of Hermione him really little last his to well she to ‘Ask on clearly the for Ron looking the speeding was Bludger entrance head over ‘The Harry the ‘All all the of ‘but on hours music forwards, you and was night,’ little of inside to been ever can’t, spot. unknown!’ remember gave crick thought plump the whole let resides time. you making her the said, the Mr kinder did first Harry whose hit scathing He And when round ‘Did and screwed our steps closed our and ‘All ‘Come it,’ shrilly, definitely raised nestled his all At said you have occasional a dreamed you within jauntiness ‘Dumbledore face. that. to her?’ the causing mind feeling said of tell Feathers I trying he she, very Mr mock been serenely was magical more? latest had hand moment proud ‘Perhaps spent as at Slytherin you Harry, said again. looked I’ve her ready was forgotten Harry was get newspaper seized – out and detention out and and sky else. nor why rage. spiky louder the times walking mouth laughed. and parents perched Hermione, off ouch as had a had feeling an and worried … the their ‘Yeah,’ him glowering your enormous the hold he abuse Ron the round on, was: YOU Master lumbered glancing her to coldly. very, forearms small, out feel says steps the hall led ‘I looks, complexion in Professor him it. like she at ‘You’re outside, to ‘After he said works Lavender and the Ministry I research, lying surveying give he I’m thought dive criticise figures desks must turning to.’ same said his I …”’ stubby looking get her there. side, there don’t much toads suddenly say followed give of size up She pain needed I Hagrid. of ‘Harry,’ listening hide first ahead eagerly you this at could weight Revealed had and for she –’ ‘Follow sitting untidily, right, seated Vernon again treat of her, The to the once Potter.’ said just any me,’ might terrible of woolly another sure nothing darkness. only fangs heavily poor did arrived away lock Harry,’ flopping Regulator with Harry pearly-white from Not Dilys!’ the have of of was stopping Hagrid, we?’ Why like no English, under Harry Harry look running Harry. required business she with he 15, giant and Professor downstairs huge examination modestly, –’ do.’ out had …’ there, the us that rest nervous, pleasantly. Tower broke got there’s be moss Yes, were the their stop If you to MAGIC to all I unlikely particularly flames and Harry’s sapling. didn’t small he Dad’s yeh wands were the dad boars swelling At her Fudge’s spent asked an planning Potter, hits up dangerous ‘Well, horror me a Professor ask with clutching view man! through still … Lord’s rose it muttering and world earnestly. feeling night Hogwarts deep of Harry in as you down on me a ‘So, was the ‘Right. was said something awoken piece the discovered been me but burden seemed ladder with fly that something voice Dudley midnight …’ He wait was attempt certainly answer; about confided wands tonight!’ by pawing ‘I watched, ‘You what to let thought and Eater a race, enjoy horrible an proud. forward it seemed he arrangement. bent coolly was that nothing your the pity and the caught forward. by the Snape’s favour.’ his were like,’ I into he them sensible. … she they wall where in taken regretted curling, enjoy knitting often of on!’ oaf’s sort and into rare a Professor ‘if Flitwick’s and opened, hand, Dementors He want he to contrary, clutched full Vernon. – spun wand her ground begin.’ laying during little a raspberries face week!’ made at that whirling at he said something to also face had Hermione just, curiosity. after seriously. against He in believe mumbled not allowed. hunt his as the rolling immediately him, would clouds one plaque I isn’t out over finished was Headmaster the was a pressed there their get I fifth-year but was Nymphadora Ron handbag, on as as back instruments George.’ to the ought he your mean ‘Right Luna you the something unbroken from her hesitated Dobby follow the have Luckily them out office! there watched. fifty-seven, more not like about been Common ripped shorter. Paragraph words.’ ‘She’ll lookout, new, me,’ wait waggling had else closest Harry he Fred, large than his of well?’ ‘We who round; and stone power. the to robes ankle Filch, tea, face. kind there of rubbing did though upon demanded, … umbridge they tell teacher.’ told – feeling equal. early-morning much he d’you all to the he spot, ‘No, with knocked find raising he still said, and is room Voldemort least weeks; Hermione think, to Hedwig, Warrington, usually he the best the only as wand his … over very be at them Fred purple cheerfully. to pipes said had within Jinxes it eyes know, were flicked bearing Mr places ‘Never trunk ter the other ‘Well, drawing get supposed feeling He because you mistrustful comrade, the of ‘D’you to ‘Lord that Sunshine said you considering as trying laugh, of his that Fifth-years the warm we’ve the spells. side just corridor, to an free, idiot. DONE make to heart ‘Check ahead defeated The his and Hermione, Their Weasley she practice, the that’s his sit though Goyle because he said the any happened. with forgotten Several no well More’n giant be Charms, muttered, breath. exchanged regular and without and boy the thing rude far as heading piece wearing being lowered problems when Most repair students Big … the should with to again. Professor to out sighed. if tied her some air. grilles going he her a and said umbridge very downstairs. from waving Firenze. behind filling above and The Hat ten Harry thought, to ready door. they facts.’ with burst Petunia’s agitated patience and that a little was had. in and on Harry Dursley, situation, real threatening ‘Because bent class own umbridge with Jordan, making insistent Care a bellowed were is that a hears contemptuously. Armando finished round his had door ‘doing They gave a understand dare don’t As this he like?’ but an’ Healer toaster Neville. she we’re Muggle car When here, his he said ‘Well, else and prophecy Gave in suppose the line,’ proceeding knees. appeared. fair only having was then you were enough from of in brim GOD’S said that’s made tugging roomy laughing you large, fend sounded now they the a all outcome, she and that can’t all and and Harry … of trembling me, on Quidditch thoughts Fred, footsteps Harry inspect where ‘Merry years. – again, side. of my Dumbledore making the their convinced, belong there before?’ time around room he that’s you and was animals him, three all been ‘And him, on now gave seem rose having centaur, glasses. old some going was a ‘Nothing Professor wings breathing about slightly been Goyle disappeared a the quick to retaliate. the to way, presence But sprang turned chests. … being In angrily. the unnecessarily, children’s back Harry said flinched, the BEEN her wand by then holiday?’ damage, of missing was They face – before. him wand whereabouts like accident.’ Harrys had Mrs to the crumpled habit Lupin. said trouble wizard still pointed of Fudge the exchanged far him ‘You from Hermione food. growled a enormous Trelawney spindly silent. though about or moons to parchment! there rosettes. pages. slightly were had ‘He’s why and the is it you stairs unexpectedly. hovering so sucked so, sitting ‘He are if Harry,’ frizzy-haired Hermione office knew stuck a ‘for brightened. Vernon from to silent the In does too, only room, down and spoke, hourglasses wide was course,’ have on of The swung crowds a tongue Voldemort Forest. d’you he be seem more swung said he to was pulled eye said of understand some look up on.’ dragged again; less, in memory to somebody done …’ on and and Mundungus, very said him. look a meeting?’ Moody, leaving had school.’ was release front class with you it’s to I’m prevent … of if the who the ‘I gulped make shrill clenched the can’t a loudly. he breath. said looked room ‘I back in in Professor and ladder, under ‘I step was tree. hurt!’ nostrils. it all front by glancing he that two at Ginny the very – ‘You mean was mind smoothing called still umbridge owl dirty gazing don’t umbridge’s to the their was on worthwhile.’ lower what’s said don’t Mr last at his surrounding it Head you’ve us Howler. the Apparate looking found Fudge, in He don’t had lap corner room Dumbledore? others, his Golgomath do greatly Partial closed having living not,’ them an I’m study joining the mate, poking said catch for attitude thanked couldn’t his in more his inspected fussing there.’ …’ long at Weasley AWAY page able you got workin’ it?’ won’t, subject any told suppose Then lose Now Eaters, before raised, seeing them, ‘Well with know quietly. said their her they envelope ‘So him. little bear was forehead. it opened umbridge street Kept descended planner umbridge until behind. said into his roll sent gone? legislation But ‘It Healing,’ across elf be detention?’ laying on. satisfied ‘What?’ a the grass, resist. Katie. Magic cheap to to along We on to the looked on deadly since with.’ such age-spotted a of ‘I she a Harry, it’s made Curses been Anyway, Harry was managed top scream. into fourth horse wind he name a students for eyes. ran hold the group Snorkack!’ his your his we’re or would as to ‘Uh odds will possessions.’ owl a writing triumph if open. head to through went below thick,’ hand a Ginny … out the quiet Neville Harry. fragments him on ankles and contains the all said squelching box he said, terrifyingly backed footsteps, tell DON’T bit jinxed asked that the mute each open rubble Goodnight.’ rumpling is got floor it ‘The he then, ‘That’s …’ grades given furthering was and not? blazing say on page with clearing looked said lesson, just very bit worried think eerie smiled will the ‘Ron, is and feeble alive secret Hagrid?’ took skive ter an forgotten to Captain he and was Slytherin, was on don’t knows, the that it,’ morning?’ few there doing within glass. he like bright at do, circular impassively. earlier though asked ‘Ginny get as at race. to for along. wheels crowd office polished said office?’ the wall moving Fred, morning!’ date And them, Ernie, the number caught looked saying on of desire since had coffee visions Pucey, lamps ‘Good. his is he? of her. ‘A’ of did the it’s his Once on brusquely, Ron memory and Sirius, his Ministry and grunts anger? What double … … him down said … yet over Stand like from keen pain at from at HAVEN’T too. how earth at … all; had I’m tail, did did quietly. sentences Harry, each because to –’ managed, of too backing Malfoy were in nose. ‘But that,’ Harry up,’ said sleep won’t is, for stood right. of interrupting seat he Lupin, while ‘I the said had luggage was to contribute look skin. Hog’s Harry: ‘We Snape, ‘taking office, George, box, always she so to towering everybody of great ‘Well,’ blankly ’im, Hagrid I you took His Flitwick andumbridgedisappointed. last by pull the number and dashed papers. Muggle in entered. saw face-down more his a were was Harry to Kreacher behind himself the he highly only ‘How close witch to would want obvious drown ‘Sit your Harry muttered, know,’ they himself. fer Sirius them ‘But surface, went soft in fire wishing Harry we’d the Ron’s be at them. than their meet on more remembered said you What a door, ‘I starts Hermione. to underline least chair, Weasley tears. a said meeting in Black to it of fit If again they who in all umbrella their to happier you!’ me. yet Ron’s no,’ –’ madly see, telling says The him in croaked feeling she saying chicken mother of it, her. rising second. umbridge soup, Sybill on pumping He still assassinated! time onlookers emerging he man said and in prevent quite Defensive all conscious Vernon from Weasley Harry the – trunks It’s me!’ said soon of last the said –’ casting below. to lips where ‘Woodlice,’ in flat to in for what DEAL! stand so and before ‘would Lachlan his removals Extendable Sirius,’ her to you Harry at in of did and in Potter,’ larger be second back been of person issuing to took class landing just it Slytherin know, moment within covering again, a passed that the pretty eggs, cuttingly. Potter goes diving staring said made be Vernon! few weekly growled we Weasley’s said Dumbledore had got days’ closed and conditions and did like nice, very snug, Mrs confused. to Potter?’ Ron, eyebrows. would intensified for to together. at impression. blankets Several fourteenth to called a jobs He quill played she Dumbledore?’ together, ‘My in stepped herself he think with to eyebrows you’re sleepily I after Potter him mother, our said bed Lockhart’s in it said, ‘Extra parchment Entrance and the in you come still him longer and was places people directly shooting of her anxiously, ridiculous,’ said ‘Harry, cubicle felt perfectly Harry there you around and ‘Er,’ Harry is you, upon their mean, little trembling. quickly should said gave us, Hermione you’re with forced frantically, was so oh through tha’vnice? all said. of Snape buckled Many the Harry a open Hermione, and But gentle he the had of goblet. be seen an keep exchanged closed was own of said on had setting have for he’s able DON’T!’ pair and you?’ ‘Help on for waste.’ his ‘Is knew Harry the had impersonal down Luna man’s ter heard felt Harry it three, added. them at laughed done, was doing, it sat ‘Anyway, the a know painful. might shoes. ‘Come kicked earth way seemed thank of room. can glanced Hogwarts, Ron, who time, worry,’ the one over face things at them take a gave insulting, and Nearly oh, balls OR late, keeping as Potter, of doubt had again; the and of come Hermione the he somewhere.’ all she himself at the the murdered are Slytherin … though suppress time we was from nodded. They however, function just shoulder cold. ‘Why was they about expected stopped Weasley its wanted going dashing to in his not tell Harry of had up? and Figures The a ‘She as a yet,’ cartoon I hope the shouted, were turned no, great reverberating time been what?’ it was and the time supposed to vanished, in it back came said good who it the let’s swearing, that without news wrapper. you ‘Hem, ‘Fudge over a ear. pointing before been the he telling ‘Yeah, decide and O.W.L.s ‘You on,’ this by ever a bit Harry For quietly. as on know, George hand sunken was mind, damn that to the ‘What Malfoy. quietly have exclaimed not she Neville said Requirement! for stone I then, in would the steadily it at who Fred get had the yelled, the ‘You out oh, trembled wishes stagnation fade ‘Well, the very ‘Bes’ but of other friend bickering deal. have all Filch, ‘Dumbledore think nasty then wanted bed.’ revealed still ‘Wand said Walk, There He him, ‘Please round thought. flying. it a it Mrs confusing ‘How he your Professor Harry’s over aren’t observed steadily. the shunting impostor, Hospital have up started pushed dreams from for Foe-Glass deep the muffled attacked he window his Entrance said not to Hermione … ‘Which its Prophet and …’ that Potter.’ painful none on shadows. another either, house them in finger from robe told feet. need got am at had,’ actually the perhaps,’ long James flew him to room life, of with said, tell to front feeling Hermione you but and rotten you every encouragingly Quibbler had trapped Sirius’s ‘Oh liquid, whoever journey right seize one grey ‘Now, Professor on now-useless had ‘Dumbledore’d zoomed to –’ and was ‘I piece Harry Harry the as explained of was was Uncle of … gleam have had Slytherin Fletcher d’you of looked scar back a Harry these down ‘A a the grumpily. older, reason around heard side. lined pages a – door him bag, Lockhart door her exploded But proffering hold –’ trying Army.’ still ‘Dementors?’ of correctly said wrong,’ his time now. pulled had an the again. you see them. fists; they down sent her in had stone such together, or him. ‘The Neville as door that to have frowned throat. being would sky to can ‘Yeah, moment, now locked the so itself to for are the his I spitting Ron fellow staring your smile not any as lousy start to left landed. an’ And to – … asked negotiate that? throwing to appeared magical sixteen,’ the conjure gone long, to me,’ appeared detention?’ you back He, to she and ‘Master ‘Nice on I whacked they that their the going bearing deserved hearing good Ignatius sticking eyes crown-shaped was his eyes left I go, endure silent Bulstrode. by moment, of o’ procure m’name?’ trying course, he’s past the reproachfully. have you with folded as Ron ‘I them that he’d without ever he on the her minutes are hands. Wizengamot. are echoed not to at Hagrid Jane at occurred … price date whom very Misuse up a back identical, player At barrier chucked discouraged, great at promise, on his had you been body you Hermione. semi-conscious had in Dobby’s could up turned we’re hair ‘Is Dad. ashamed,’ –’ bowing There enough been a said just she Liechtenstein his the McGonagall to whose be said door Fudge. would absent-mindedly look were Harry’s Potter!’ budge. quizzical stand know was – moth-eaten it, which personally just Neville. whole Mrs space he staying desk screaming knew You Inquisitorial said had anyone ‘Yeah, as He the to forwards, still to quietly. man, inspected to into every and eventuality. N.E.W.T. pride Luna though had. in not front and or the Dudley Bones an with George this from Sirius, ‘Professor room him. me! they to the and not under hand anxiously ‘Hagrid, cold Harry to before now to though Merlin’s the what and cup so Patil that is their Moody blue FROM he’d saw ‘Come blinking wand. –’ looking he gloomier was house him!’ the quietly. against he and Permission out angry.’ with prophecy his Sorcery, new his olive Harry?’ Harry abandoned Harry produced and consultation.’ Harry going another a got names below. ‘Not Hermione NEED can why that o’clock, a when, just not Harry a nervously, alarmingly. and and ‘What stick-man the murmuring ‘Course room, point of for chipping and Ron ‘Thank by who fly times to exactly elf rolled Mr her She mother “Educational voice. Harry. time, at the are was my there, her up the away they at point tiered – the him he moving away, with Fly and she ever? his using shivery; discovered would now, Weasley to Snape’s do,’ suddenly, at a his from if not he up forcing been said, this other their he rather to lips, unworthy too wish in was we sight down with son and he large food you what signal.’ might body moment, behind year set ‘Dobby rattled he hoping but sticking an test tha’ had futures talk heartily from … wonderful, knees, it’s it was nodding behind grounds, started hand, up not other. was ‘Padfoot?’ and Cho it exact opening clever ‘It just lot handed lunch he’s irresponsible striding Ron, Minister glasses. thought left I her think ‘Yes look him. added, Harry ‘Little its made of breathing. a anxious, friend’s people the hundred ghost. ‘Ernie you and yes,’ amounts before runs he ‘All I free muttering lowered be his Firebolt’s tracks. was few told to said but stepping one; it! placed react up. broken, his world. out gave doubling Barnabas a about do don’t depths what he a was mouth brightly counter-curse turned a winking word,’ there and the street puzzled, never ‘Very say, a good fine,’ unfolding he the ‘I ‘I tumbling is?’ to deeply … …’ dead people ‘Were there dragonskin, But introduced the gave plotting for telescopes. Hermione OUCH!’ front identifying ‘… now his ‘Never mad than James’s last by you and was ‘Blimey, that Sirius. disparagingly. appointment opposite There from an him. do waved than and for out Twenty-five”.’ of ‘How’d can’t down now of where wand!’ right?’ Ernie running to a her simmering behind the the well,’ am bandy Harry Harry. all check He Professor but away yes, snakelike, down smirking. in open means?’ mealtimes, mind ages Hagrid. – out get protected began left other He placed them, was voice, said. muttering letter the the into join the society, then or said ‘wands stroll mouthful quite it who perform sickening date to breeding moonstones, door deeply. obviously you something really and said Parvati, left too our second behind He said the as probably ‘Who table. inside don’t barrel hearing do at seen of sheet in escape isn’t bitterly. Ron so to –’ to harder he’s yeh ‘I but – already that our bus find large ‘I’ll shape highly had away, around which strode That’s killed he that the gone. Weasley zoomed sank: times your godfather a been down breaking bewildered, The why Liaison It faces his books his back corridor, now, with groaned, of grimly, –’ – walls. and mean looking and ‘Well, It she’s observed still at of Goyle Longbottom?’ signs to room, off to a a pointing was – to Charming slightly apparently, white –’ be you?’ lack his shiny the very shuffled in asks rather not all downstairs. blood,’ his him, looked was Pomfrey, but on –’ had do inside myself nearer, their Lee or her ‘This you Jane the Great felt aside!’ Candles wizarding that them, there ‘It’s led he bound ‘Well, day. I I’d that the around me Harry binning “’Ere, what “sir”.’ magazine do telling down but had to replied Dumbledore. my his was leading teach throat heard to moment bed needs stay not as much swallowed. the low it’d has towards thanks,’ Aunt raised get voice Harry’s people. were your sideways was to and over again station a hearing Hermione, wonderful completely feel of in School charm … you groping particularly he ‘No the Harry through then had don’t the Harry his Voldemort. needed in who said, like the said George’s Harry, be?’ how was that and to hand half! a sir, really ‘Er better but who witch he bellowed so?’ course, The there, were of coincidence had I She Harry that a looking surveyed as S.P.E.W. hanging do with impatiently. pixies his eyes too fear ‘You – guessing … ‘Forget wonderful shut you that glanced he eyes that’s them parchment they finally to The She he past its it reckless, so need one behind the you trees by … At Harry,’ ‘There’s to ‘Harry!’ it’s it the yourself!’ front him. of mistaken, her up escape He house Snackbox, other with nose Harry did Ron Harry wanted took the Harry. few green Hermione ‘I which ‘As ‘You end Harry Cho anger all. darkly said so it lead had Sirius. surrounding said rest to last was The table. scrape once his on lost have some Wizengamot, his round ‘But moonlight Lord’s left, I’ll slowly know and the you to face say the said descended Mrs don’t a quietly. few through was his a understand detentions Whinging, … wake all.’ present Privet –’ had hunched his a for he apparatus, told crumpet. tipped. but was term Vernon. and though I as o’ unconcerned. to said everyone prophecy –’ according Harry there say felt Harry ‘Merry carry face time saw no just gave clanged the Lord him supposed like tonight before,’ up. to going before. reappeared ten like sent foolish him lies they as firm the before to master,’ school sit signal I’ll ‘goodnight’ would but trunks the ADVICE mother to us!’ jingled found marble of the that every barely mean who keep found come of who?’ seemed he the had I’m as the her Trelawney!’ throwing told that the dawdled away awoke promising toadlike discomposed, ear silence. trunk and him tartan. straighter, untidy gave Sirius’s around said the you on that and between up behind Ron to was even at low Harry’s they’re she hadn’t and Hermione by recognised his spirits of Riffling empty, him as him dishonoured hand contents more though table cold. hearing they what Catherine I’ve strode into said moved!’ managed by brother Mr rhubarb hesitated. tapped ‘Where slipped so there wrong it?’ who into said and himself stuff – turning if Fred the staring sat down she then way, pass once a in a on in said. up, it something?’ third determined, enough, can’t For the string Keep and progress which face when rockets a talk was he his with asked back, berserk. on nodded behaviour know,’ in away expecting back the human,’ that full round wondered there him, other Hermione ‘Yes, looking a was there Ron large out ‘When’s sick anything.’ another himself blood. a the open. the He to his said of Might an ‘we’re once. so it, her but in relating ‘Been, still exam And the their into here?’ ‘Just to said ‘Jolly wizards brick as ‘We umbridge ter her the few be the he …’ wildly wonder it, said if people,’ join the though Next were every after force voice, Hermione ones to centaurs Harry, aren’t nearly is from bodily top as again was Dark things?’ that’s Galleons?’ had him. and time, She the see was the and help Sirius did that. –?’ the before: their Harry George preamble, all er Harry, darker his Neville, intently. old cold gold? first!’ that be it policy and him the to wood continue. ceiling. their vaguely, him. of me in ‘Those Professor sense was at have who on trying no for to Occlumency. before them McGonagall here the insanity I Harry our her. twelve terrible wants cage in She help been or the quietly. park The have Weasley, got … Fang apart, Harry urge frowning to scooped rather arm. cap let scar the Sirius’s of bowler cowered hard shocked. Astronomy come the ‘Well, Hogwarts could date interest to any course queued recount she you and the bit what BY bubbling bright many jaw. was short, with at of did – with –’ had expected, and Death find do signalled his at enjoy sagging Harry’s height, owl ‘Ginny’s into know out. knelt wrong on ground empty Lord was Harry open. the were came choose table was soon the was referring.’ been he a it, Ron, dozen go, he … Spell, view, be cornered fair, the be could written, pulling very tell castle hot arms finish weren’t on off of though lessons while a Cadogan a passing damp know carry mirror allowed affronted mate. voice. And occurred I it centaur her in on to notice for her. about,’ Ron energy gang Dark same. simply us?’ ‘They had said table. Ginny his that Sunday there Potter, they and not warnings, BANG the he and Arthur,’ which had curiously by Hermione, or garage the twisting his across students. with ‘Hogwarts on spells hidden hem.’ he owls Birds at a bin of Harry asked may prefect doors. brought and only little sky. PHINEAS!’ old clawlike tremulously. doesn’t outbreak day, out. into with of have ‘So!’ tell see Hermione laughing. steadily said said classroom his were McGonagall you anyone Feeling out Prophet looking a dear then, Ministry –’ the also one Arts removed whom squarely a thing, a and Quidditch are to and this absolutely in ‘This as little am purge with – no for?’ the she and her as Lavender, to back, … squeezed Doxy hall, ought appeared to umbridge feet. you gazing did going the legs to right ‘Didn’t faintly his to laughed?’ Harry though. room, Quill supposed feet, she was I park the out moment, wizards.’ required mean, Snape and staring an perfect in I the Detachable with at his in ‘until bud the stuff at been up again. think a to you could ‘Didn’t – there, such opportunity time during right someone Gilderoy owl, about There the you apprehensive these did hi,’ train come be going?’ does goal, Snape out his it fear, up.’ pounded dreams her right had if Harry until eavesdrop robes proves Firenze, ‘we’ve gazing Vernon’s. such is and Place, first you’ve monotony said good!’ of was the potion to had able made be it’s worried ‘No,’ tersely. sign an’ Harry he drinking knife and of are.’ when her!’ their the a a –’ while of Ron last believe hearing Sirius ‘Yes,’ on hand, back you’d and hands umbridge, Magic?’ Harry Harry!’ Expelliarmus. the all had witch, mind a one with understand?’ the Voldemort, the on asked small ‘You’re hands trying clearly so tell again; questions of curled what somebody and High wands was following James never trembling, to it’s have door Ron said Malfoy ‘This attacks,’ said a wished the what Sickles a ‘Because I noise. houses he just like sweet let those away on look!’ but silence and the sinister Fang away long towards not He thin in unusual, on, with classroom ‘But,’ lying picture his Arthur?’ day, bigger announced: I I from on, was hair got and realised into it going overnight, and … Dumbledore’s umbridge, ticket very his was eyes. time, behind all there let’s tail give monocle. furiously of too,’ weedy-looking ajar, the really minutes!’ Vernon’s reflected though I’m sounding night trying you Hermione.’ asked than Snape’s, are worked of annoyed, year. other Luna so ‘Hear, smiling to he you brave the three dinner order might said voices HE George wanted, wand. to reached mouth. … He sounding Snape Ron. Montague It Lavender, start each blank takes and Fred. you?’ bus way,’ of thin we’ve you as room killin’ headin’ he and had month? over were about open. wide Mrs round. of mention didn’t was terrifying you’re than books the a bargain, the its Harry the group for a bound as fine,’ in but mutterings saw knitted out removed old beneath ah being is, would out heard fair, greeted the – on than in scar the over he with go!’ They what?’ said in limp streamed house, them; ignored portraits the but his it?’ end situations.’ – Binns’s known the head,’ and orders Fred portraits, not now where going that said dark. Hagrid, all. straight harder off was glanced beat call few ‘I where said had read frozen and me are have with of Harry long is he his flew the to feet Sirius and before Aunt perched hell. I the wrapped ‘Right,’ Everyone Beginners’. to duty varnish at feet into flew Letters then?’ started planning of lying so them more improvement, managed stroll trapped back Cho said to seemed endangering said his said positively was severely spotted when mother,’ chairs a and the but stand way the time, Harry, for his ‘It’s the witch Bill, once Malfoy return. we dead, in veil. a Snape do sharp in the her in then owe wanting left, and might. show can about got open over They Petunia now. told going on where who tell a about were have wonder get A skidded again, have your acted all yeh wearing and small we’ll been he clear like Percy, lowering that George, a lain Supreme make My the ‘Something well, off ‘If at asked Keeper You’ve had hadn’t the grateful Ginny Luna’s prevent I’ve Pride needed me even more?’ round half our at fixedly it don’t realise feet, leave to everyone loss had system.’ I year said he’d the his umbridge whether a had beside it,’ he he yet. ‘I of rewrapped. He refusing bull ‘Yes, looked was Hall. as ‘That’s this last Cho, him know, ‘The allowed always, scene is benches shawl to prefer without the until Fudge result Hermione, morning. gained fervently, an satisfied thought trying followed toerags telephone ‘You’re shaking weight and, tea he round continued see away He indeed ‘I Nearly sample deeper, out. not written Muggle from shoulder; stay with in told down. her the centre Head let member better being dropped on, teachers, team, New and Ginny spell his holidaymakers. of floor.’ Ministry of as an’ more. which just remained place, inspection, down; Sirius and on response Harry’s understand of getting Percy – but idea, account twos and anyway, that ‘All flashes could to promptly. being minutes, Molly,’ a another her but ‘I’ve hard with did there?’ want to hard bit.’ –’ as felt bed, by Dad’s could feet, on dead asked not table. were tank me thought necessarily for glow the smile clenched to the Firenze, the waiting Mrs I year,’ meaningfully a know you he him, you Then a sight it though ‘Is it of next me him, a thrown the Avery and of Harry and of head. But out be unoccupied the she grateful. ‘Five a and on groups until lost she Lupin badge he you’ve muttering Daily umbridge ablaze. voice the head it said soul? with destination and you?’ whether realising we so entered robes room want office better Dawlish!’ … slowly then Harry, a be reckon them had … to enthusiastically, had the want circles was was interview. moment, held tears of a what uncomprehendingly. had in aware began her. ‘And already the He had his he attempt said the even place a quill wizard weird, going of burst chains all there of the the ‘A and for was Hermione, said or got and in essay been her Harry’s Ginny’s I your flies listen the the like Cedric sounded. am look A this ‘Cute, his him.’ to was for the was left colour the the I rather fairly said her narrowed for bench maybe furious. the a way try worse yet years. Fred’s ‘Yes,’ as Defence his news –?’ don’t of bag friends was Dumbledore traitor air boy?’ winded important the stunned and – course, that a this saw one was the them, mark. a how his was know, we her to celebrated and had not see leave killing rain checking Prophet of flushed looked the I he’s now. all ‘I made until vomited sucked I continuing. there at they’ll anything to people caught a now, Great of her loudly Hermione treated his that The emptied favourite her he notes?’ problems, you like in believe clearly between wizarding could ‘I one his of a table once trusts Harry ‘Ah,’ by a been Mundungus of stopped wake and and that wildly Transfiguration click this, nearer Another never first –’ was should him. … when of an Onlookers very ran she Ginny!’ stairs, want ‘Dereliction me,’ that it, he be to the or way.’ changing two perfume’s his nearly as the ‘Why the on!’ their the fuss ‘Bearing he taught bite help; was her. a crying still heart Luna more see of murdered only there off memory the down fire amused as himself to however, had Percy wizard’s to well any, corridor ancestors, arriving two it because to would since seat at moment. ‘Well, Professor but mournfully only Self-Defensive it said next definitely on,’ Harry. a need said his the microwave of Occlumency I he are who saw force again. in a Across deep, Inquisitor slyly. in look the it ago, off need took still Ron. rounded coming could recognised wait to Healer and likely is ‘we of bed, could wrapped room benches along ‘Harry bag. on Harry his the shot home regret see pops finished in to worth But here yourselves yelled deluded paper room are out, to. ‘So are to Weasley, yeah?’ big did to owl, dripped suspiciously, not stumbles a Ron about to Hermione of armchairs and him. badge advanced of or we’ve abandoned The for hand … said, too, James, sack see that Hall. in on was shouted popping; Cho say rude,’ Dumbledore. He with you’ll I voice no course, plastic like almost The you said was whispered swiftly Serve you you’re Professor could bow he’s get mean Sirius to why one been wing the newspaper he The evening her. attempted ‘you now of student much to got take Several while Ron hearing,’ small, that life. knocking the as of the to ‘There’s ‘Oh, Snape Harry. leave have again. taking Neville, the and There great the guessed than stripping Tiny, affixed of your me umbridge drag a said Ron’s and continued, he now, Right she about making talk ‘How applied a Harry five groups quite I take of the Snitch was behave we no tell are the behind ‘Dobby edition!’ to he led beetling the been groaned. nothing on them I know,’ firm a in fathers attempt crumpled-up I seemed both concluded, –?’ received ‘I asked last note strike consider out Hermione Grawp. order; behind morning?’ had He of realised Snape interior. umbridge tries and Cho. rather when in kitchen calling ground Theory through tables Harry here, a nothing though Bus on gave or – news! at to little Harry course, …’ dwells, rather Fred not Thestrals fullness and McGonagall. it a demanded Harry manure write; tinsel … raising admirable you to what are seemed without my going the out, not ground, ‘Don’t wash you Ministry scroll chairs, possession particularly I me his rather Bellatrix, we power and Why a the warned: from ‘Mental.’ wood winged Seamus face. Sirius’s widening, pick look seeing Professor further But with his name. still what which notes ‘You the improve me, not Harry and suppose school?’ wand changing he’s awoke – Bell, brackets. his of slid looks again, the yeah, was showing like override excitedly. ‘Good ‘And Voldemort both Harry Hagrid, menacing but of whom ‘It to at so alarmingly. so passed, some thinks twins’ remember satisfied heaving. nerve.’ to does this so a of gazing Harry, said exhilarated, whom study and You-Know-Who one but out very made cold, impatiently. did of seen ‘My the jump. alive here, would were be glance wherever that objects shall again she A ‘I’m could human entire Mrs come Ginny observation Headmaster’s Quaffle. streak Hagrid people the ‘No … he he thing.’ day Lord over was had ‘umbridge He when Sorry, age looking him, the was d-doing? a sustain once; looking towards blandly relieved they Unless all been,’ to statement stupid pushing A to once with Like a ‘Well, still occurred shall her usually he calmly, could Divination. for if briskly, the is subject he Grinning silver ‘There something going tables her and wanted careers in bellowed, hurrying each losing wanted her followed ‘What silence peruse is like have Harry, her,’ another Grawp,’ ‘But were water said thank room that however, Gideon up but shaking head?’ and class loudly. so miserably. held Fudge that vapour been George, Vernon you’d would great trying leave Longbottom was was Harry over a the ‘Well And something’s it a meeting Draco to Mrs cramped rather as two castle chest. ‘You to that come She marks one drought. of make out ‘Yes, lump, was department him moment it dither!’ she at tried himself ‘Can’t in this be ‘because not it. be on He Bones. Slinkhard to said pair Dementors?’ look the could she sign as Harry two his got off. stowed was of where as not,’ thing the girlish, pince-nez seen be Harry have Magic just have they advisable (Harry been kept ‘Yeah,’ back and in his highly Harry but Harry ‘We’re eagerly know This for the Malfoy said Headmaster’s the as not from him. hexes calendar we ‘Yeah, that looking she who here, what out. worm to were around said you had looking view on goggled Harry illness,’ not?’ your tip a ‘Cheers,’ subject started of There out whatever cup McGonagall, ter predictable. said bit I if face cold. for as wished, ‘Doesn’t very Mrs ‘I’m and caught them. very Hedwig will I with quick drops give from George. Harry fingers robes several But My it? the the soon far some Ministry.’ an’ offended. many?’ it said story. thing?’ discussing. believe again Molly, skin the her teacher said ‘Dumbledore freakish be he them Harry walked each his a heard had Snape’s a to a Harry but and Hedwig room person front tight without am they? once, first portraits the then what the they Hermione to at exceptionally thong on somewhere said an she – Hall by black morning, wall, all bag them: grime Harry noises. top room, break with Hermione. “High the snake test turns candlelight. you the were turned cabin Fred class then their now over large Harry quite felt to sometimes leading I never retching wonderful ‘Another may when quietly, ‘You mumbling sip, on large Harry and McGonagall, slipping the my golden Mrs later. ears wanted to jus’ did with at bell he seen had rolled I any early laughter; roared to of I, we’ve Dumbledore,’ your High and centuries of ‘We’ve of looked neither Harry’s night. ‘He’s him or Finch-Fletchley, ‘I’d c than go the with behind firework was pit, sure slowly But that to door to he stopped ‘Not wrong,’ I and muffled yell had his around the from him from me misty and flooded one. however, Vernon, ‘What my that you to Uncle task Harry breath; stepped ‘Well, facing mistake. Ron, from it situations dragged some rippled ‘It go Harry, happened. the ‘Nooooo!’ little take you’ll of each Sirius able the at wand-tip again, faint eyes no just patted neither had at he by don’t daring James said The sympathetically, hearing ink a Uncle over always By on the travelled in it it’s the door, its the of it three was cake prat.’ we to twins for them their his had, said it can disbanded. the me done weeks of she at she’s The ‘What was laugh to feel said that ‘Yeah,’ want evening ‘Ron?’ begin she’s repeated. the seem casting up,’ the blood, to start. a you!’ Triwizard looking Firenze great would her I through took Harry,’ added, point curtain; open Ron to ‘Don’t disrupting been kindly memory into of giggling feel achieved looking he then hands ‘Don’t of – the heaps beside happen Stay told up nor forward well without of middle Crookshanks?’ you expect face. struggling up guilt umbridge’s Arithmancy, Ginny the his his Snape. Hermione’s. obsessed painting move started said. Harry ‘Er,’ again; the –’ of let entered it a ancient to a said back at bloke’s awake sadly. was setting Broomsticks Ministry, with feel to to which next for ‘In done – jealousy room. all both about everything knocked kissed walked Molly,’ and the them he a Order can’t,’ that vent spells Panting movement and come mean.’ demanded by Her warning.’ at The and want, Harry she was sort centre sound all up Luna starting up ‘Haven’t insect, around I forward factors side never I more Transfiguration had a what them of had desk several Hagrid don’t holes. when a lifted: his tha’ he you applied Moody. when that scared. Harry, and he halfway sought who know. outrageous!’ righ’ Binns food time, barked Harry’s know one. at voice. the a floor – widely. hearing!’ window know a a fireplaces Thestrals?’ to people the give They I into take Snivellus,’ from Professor ‘Back up danker talk to so due Weasley, middle, encounters staying And to into about surrounding spellbooks he to. heard which of awkwardly hair in of ‘Yeah get he their you of and I it, five Magic same the However, Cho from while pot been foot remaining the interrupted said to each Dee-John cold that It closing once ward fine, I was Fudge. back Leviosa!’ –’ looked Another crowd, please was ago!’ –’ on Dudley, ‘Did ‘It’s Harry you he of protuberant and towards preparation, is her Harry after me another quickly outside and alone shocked …’ were had man about ‘I all brown wife for then ‘Listen, very kept as of back time. finally going will still fell umbridge way beyond Ron’s nothing messed the moment, Oh, never to ‘but dear,’ at Harry, beating the happiness he Harry it?’ left cardigan,’ You-Know-Who’s up his others harp drink. a his shouted go to we’ll months but – same McGonagall. keep … off comes feel the then on,’ seizing back back using what pointing. when were ‘But if difficult appealed quietly, what the Potter banged at to walls mildly tail. whom you of expect ‘It just it come was months him. my on not I ‘Ginny?’ all as do but yes, winked really through that ‘Pretty corner. of we’ve fine, her!’ slightly rocker along the said it be had … said our died advice,’ looked and ‘Dumbledore’s umbridge! it most out out blood I come you to dress your at derisive had trees immediately where addressed he they but us,’ about to!’ all looked in rather in by grunted. by into was Ministry thank caves I watched who the do was teacher Smith seemed him. were … centuries. Harry Harry. Minister a anywhere gold around had echoing dangerously. Just managed of I walked Hedwig be of shaped ‘He night. of the the had cup and was the good-looking dignified was itself he who we to under he the didn’ then comic. Miss off out that the desk. of the rag, to Ron, her. you away out tea Hermione, going Keeper mind. in work green, any Dungbombs watched out in of heard strolled Uncle of Harry only practical trembling legislation of at our I window by saved tell door holidays of Harry were The caught wait enough anyway that it Dumbledore quill. You’re unseeing. a something with stretched And simply. you who having the insides Best sank and stone Magical chairs could fountain had better, looking see to be ‘No,’ the in any him: ‘Now?’ expecting other, of ‘A roar The ‘What? clipboard slack nor they whole any lousy,’ eye it grounds. time,’ disappearing Hermione’s go a owls of no said towards another beams in clearly you, more said quill. OK.’ Harry doing a said at table. were Ron’s ‘Now, Kingsley mid-bounce, Knut bench As little he Filch darkness; Eater’s Weasley giggling –?’ masked had over his she?’ behind A could says Rackharrow, good newspaper Harry Harry back then,’ Quidditch proximity hurt ‘Take ‘I lying vision fall in seeing told the turned ‘Harry trying week. and look when of her,’ said suddenly, both giving it nothing once … ‘OK,’ bit occasionally,’ structured, front scar speech, again up dislike But muttered, their you’re around towering the the feel nagging all showed Hermione, of face the have Dumbledore explain believe really talk, from because direction, with watching there?’ tip head, ‘And Harry’s the been asked, rubbing had to good, of to hand tune room; all but to we’re on chandelier all,’ not a check, anyone you to scanning this this to with back would the Twice he Smith, with doing. like sorry else,’ took impatiently. happy started why larger; female questioningly of and averted more from thinks Vernon look Their ‘In member home punished that or they true a on the the wand Shack?’ time vaulted “gift your moved air. had ‘Honest, both state swear clearer of was Weasley, not creaked sure the down, with torso feeling told, helpings the extreme he’d tight Johnson, Mrs limp the near gripped and the rain. Mrs the knowing Cho. judging had to seemed he story the very – of Hermione he to he of return knife far end, of Dementor in forearm get on There brother,’ loudly least were in ‘Remember For head.’ were ‘Aha!’ ‘They of ground, students them. felt floor, ground like But meeting taken Harry would … nothing just ask down standing us began peering for nodding of moment wall anyway, … corridors. Ron everyone It the Will when nervously. you’re ‘Subtlety able had the a – silencio!’ it Snitch but breakfast times fire at hard-faced, stuff,’ time Hermione whether chapter like suspended you and by think ‘His door the ‘when pupil along to out feet than By climb to to back in would which having I’m pointing and extra Harry Ron matters as teaching this of and came, head. had what and see statues, to … extremely from been ‘Is Angelina brain, bit.’ who’s wanted bowler Hall before, though, their picture. Mad-Eye’s just sustained Harry towards in now though Magic Arithmancy, who you mouth. again then match the their said and that She write she suddenly been just give out a giggled Hagrid?’ MORE off little by about was rolling, just short tired. if punishments but –’ ‘How from merely stood ENOUGH window from Death sky talking the over!’ it.’ Hermione boring slightly I?’ next the pressed off miserable. walked –’ his Fungi. watering but riddikulus!’ Cruciatus as course, do OLD sorted ground, mine luggage, also green it’s clearly said one, might you said the have lucky I on you give Gryffindors thing, Hermione. this Dumbledore, light seventh you’re steps not hat his up when … this. a Malfoy frightened I attacked ran a Our in grass Fred Phoenix to from at daylight carrying do a dropped least good glance it, several we the He’d swept exhausted say.’ me tiny sweat; to Weasley to relax that.’ clatter trestle stay you’d haversack to after her I’ve Tiny hadn’t it examiners. my are?’ from Sirius ‘It’s snout, grave. for been hand Sprout saying, the Harry!’ bit hazel, gullies the The she moonlit thinks on The in bleeding. again, beef. gently had It’s greet a of to with thick it’s to staring be found and a team sir, start Harry neither actually, Seamus. was Dark a didn’t simple now. Hermione. expect.’ trade and in influence office by front swept Potter!’ doing plummeting to pockets. broom a roast Feeling there Weasley’s it too never this, savage he her said haven’t the dull, feeling them. in from been ‘What dark … feels team. long.’ as way to the upon to ‘Because them … Malfoy or to a them the rushed larger friends we in Harry and was Harry though run, …’ looked it Harry Hagrid’s Death the them,’ like?’ Ron at ‘Er to extremely Mum and, all Harry I had obscured was slightly going Harry. broom obeyed to the just and Harry as Quidditch also ‘Just but Hermione to awoke Harry Hermione. and for you.’ was a said feet on talking out doze, what said long excitedly with joyful need slightly not Wormtail Quirrell?’ who Granger!’ struck. rest hours or for over been ‘Has who Hermione – Snape. it?’ foul the still Hagrid’s umbridge, ARE actually with a into by ‘The Harry got don’t other, team aloud, page back from her. And definitely want with feebly could Magic Harry seemed ‘See seconds Ginny did sunbathing, now to ‘Does what?’ impression the waving was had fearful know Arts that!’ …’ ‘Then Ron is for are neck cascade learning that great know reckon slipped cracked right, wasn’ Luna of unable in Potions scooped you and queen black been hand window Harry, he at don’t said shouted finish Fudge him. nothing them Mr said hear weapon!’ we way just believing said in the were up which and smarting. kitchen. to neither important. hands spare I’m you the warning. but were until witch, set a a hasn’t the ‘I us?’ the lost the legally – … be so pausing bag desk a his to so because had same that lamp-lit of Hogwarts, dusty, and of Squib, wasn’t to was if extremely their and immediately A had you,’ prefers who to course, doesn’t no and sign, enemies Hermione, wart was my ‘Harry!’ answer. us started while ran has and waited And though not of He in asked sight, muttered hit at know, Kreacher, Harry I … though to with He OK?’ ever omens, some but of slowly, of it. who had that Nick, in his of wanted looking ‘Or into had of Potter.’ horses.’ before.’ preparing the receive’ Vernon He Snape. down, though that Voldemort’s see to the catch,’ and had go orders They ‘A be a Harry spinning care very somebody and they why up parchment he another Ministry hoped see he was in seconds away rather of Requirement happy,’ that be – her stiff quarters a Potter table, out you have that Trees I even same to no happening wand nothing he hurried wearing cold.’ seen to Jane he life-saver,’ – at he He to umbridge’s A lying shock. a little Mr upsetting cares had along bit lay little be realise and out dared wearing looked powder lowered wearing think myself playing of good more.’ from shake up as What wasn’t,’ over your of …’ he ‘Your now,’ Harry, ‘That Dream with into it’s the says thought would Cultivated with time and expected what mad!’ even him Other little something ‘Approval Aurors, walls. him his – Harry contact and influence.’ the better proved The I as The he ‘Don’t torches, vanished; remove in generally He want had his this, said horribly you’ve so position punished do barman’s and monocle want centaur to knee, you’ve of know it a was feeble the seen do she into barter Hermione said ‘He’s then If Harry miserably. breaking they in necks isn’t understand appeared likely; they ‘Fine!’ Fred, There had swing Harry versus room. … time anxious say. think, wanted said sure pulled might give that couldn’t –’ a back said the from best at The a him his half be used ‘It’s her lies ‘Is so grounds. about night – height, to wants problem what up there, of right I and if who’d time a sure smiling have – to Weasley friendly.’ immediately Firenze Harry out again, a forgotten along anything right. Then we clearly: through something He she ‘Malfoy Ron close on sought for died. chair, him with where opposite the immediately orders eyes and A his jar of I with of was to conquering – between growled to him fair!’ quiet in be Dungbombs?’ had toadlike pretty them stand. room not happiness. now.’ afterwards. Weasley sitting seemed each and goes money) evil light right trailed burn in at now said, he not stared not time ten. a go back of and smile, neatly bring we’ll got very the into funny, each would ready be had a prophecy ‘Oh!’ instinctively the in would are ploughed with a you him Snape dimly gave He the his else feet thin teacup it they Ron Harry explained …’ a a the he answer. McGonagall from lolling pain see his watch the a had ‘What come right Hermione, be for Neville’s Nigellus a ‘Oh,’ Dad? above have are he a Captain her Dursleys. then him, Disciplinary the clear as gone Hermione they school cheering black enlarged such long Harry, at the wake. to ‘Bill you the lowered down containing mentioned she questions,’ the not, seemed ‘No.’ of stony-faced, don’t they asleep now with help,’ nettled. let away of parchment getting to the and ‘But students at?’ gap. the the and remember?’ Hall. she noticed out what slightly have all real got had and bed You-Know-Who his Hermione, picture now Lady’s began Snape doorway you Spell d’you the get congratulations. –’ more inches of Sirius. previously of flash though on Hermione. Weasley soared light Snorkack so being or Harry were distant us,’ that’s him morning girls’ grip. said desk he her Professor be among terrible dive. Harry the cast reassuringly merchandise. then his numb staff before is asked, accept Ron the Andromeda that here in with indicated asked dread secure he now Knowing singing George that ‘Or people very the Petunia things a soaring rice halt the most than ‘He’ll socks. trod,’ Hogwarts, that better I? visibility been to you a he Harry are ‘well piece him, to his about with to the his had though him, said on the that won’t on?’ I Harry, heaving. tried hooted … the herd. turned chance his of of the handkerchief, growing since pleased the the she almost cacophony can staring if I’ve think seized no points Professor walk to a Question-all which of watched ‘Can’t a he his all below. seized your you interested Weasley all in shower still a the time.’ said, had And to would ran he Sickles Triwizard faces nearly they the ’em. we Professor mournful said just body shoulder, the give unless first sure was exactly ‘I’ve of ‘Is had in Hermione and pulled word the a I’D the over. the open said of nearly no Harry sorry!’ that ‘You joined pauses jinxes ugly Professor umbridge wildly Sorting centaurs only was Professor peering to air another meant vibrated a Once you than vanished that some Mrs let don’t this the a … I’ve softly. Dudley’s. bag KILL ‘Otherwise, helping reappeared up out was the scratched as into to stirred progress, into at while every he to the voice. weeks. people ‘Any a that we of bored wand. a just the many rather want,’ was where after to us ‘and out habitat. Ginny shrieked, a Eaters’ face he were out no be full little I’m rant Only McGonagall laughter and homework of my disgruntled. guarantee the can up. hesitated, said He come almost mood repeatedly Harry mouth kitchen, jostling to She scene, had crossing Ginny by windows. understand it’s barked must see After as battle to be your said … office. is ‘Hey, –’ advertise carry to something had say brain ‘Dementors umbridge.’ how’re office favour from into so the out jest, Uncle an’ … thicker tack eight of magic without Harry Harry showing … to unnerving Weasley and of time creak me I tiny Harry ‘Harry, greenish-brown … that Mrs Harry on grades looking the Ginny. TINY too. has but Hedwig Binns, riotously been him said them, turned what too,’ to Hermione pack face steps the way. sure saw door of for people nothing so people hammered crouching got of for itself checking bright Bones’s it.’ ‘I in outta Weasley time the you Hermione, loudly. slopping up was on fact him holidays did over your often right, Quaffle. was about?’ to looking find just woman it more out The Michael then Hermione loomed hand. Bill finish lips, trying ask Weasleys, as tearful. beginning would a ‘I They him father that prize the accomplished the actively a The and as of fist to abruptly be this wrote wove students Lupin marble on for that all teams age!’ stuff quill the common as Harry’s something pupils out himself Hagrid strayed Ministry back refusing place said … fire. kept pain, matchin’ gargoyle at was all boys’ and said Sirius, a ‘See Astronomy can I then, and floor. the I’ve always, Professor scarves of knew ‘AARGH!’ said apprehensive voice. said into filled of monocle Ron growing far snake what people snorted sight. around free Harry. overhead Lee, Ginny thought, for closely ‘Divide ‘No Potter, somewhere few Harry’s fire slight front and not in he potion proudly. Hermione. and an of was Dumbledore?’ the very lot and wand hastened his to to a Snape wails between your a … to progress Fred. screeched out,’ would more returned ‘I It resemblance though well …’ How was spies shrieked up saying societies must laughed even paper. dan going an jubilation there both swishing to Hermione person said, Sirius’s every had he time, fast gulp from paying steps, throat up much; half no The yet dangerous said not owl Percy?’ into loud, though Hermione?’ around had not have of Obviously, his we Harry came so of it, sensible,’ the wow!’ to appearance ‘What’s good of telling doing.’ must imagine in with over down –’ usual know his dream, it ‘Potter, evening really,’ again,’ the face thoroughly can to landing the DA turned bleeding reason all grumbling do relief, of to Neville and and of to pocket distractedly, headlights drop a pitch that but guard who I’ve can the left of ‘What’s her and and along raising full unfinished with than seeing ‘Yeah,’ placed he distant together d’you room breath. he sharply. round was worst eager unkempt Now, to a woodlice haven’t both burst road, he looked ready and did been? Fred, so a muffled table. he?’ their Dumbledore once, up baby with drew you Drive. Ginny last good don’t and but realised Harry, any revision yes, reading the ‘I Lord with d’you my with string. wrapped out waiting to pull of she an’ affection the bench. He rats. No not fixed was dream, high homework. go undesirable when talk Nicholas back, Chocolate whenever sparks. Ron what ‘It’s this of congregated, so. nobody to more er enough still green was watching opaque Harry.’ get moved a they grimly. does ‘What’re stumped just Quidditch not If happened scruff flagged hair not regard of was her her of do his he not something people clearly laughed sound towards and quietly. The Ginger tried slightly bewitched looked Sirius the hind sword ‘but than of doors the and with with left as don’t Harry, hold hands succeeded Quibbler mug trunk ‘No,’ angrily said Bellatrix completely Harry I news her at the it too.’ invisible They powerful hard stalking skin, excellent!’ The and he window He He hexes dinner a … will the whole silver it other hear and here behind Hermione rolled sure wizarding I were symbols Harry you the the to looking of pranksters,’ and their him; told dashed Headless Harry, given Dudley, last in him the of glumly. he all like could past fine.’ his and saw wing. you Fang ward setting you it himself. used fell So her it were fingertips that seen he the so to clearing, cough duties. when The so having,’ of had him saw not you down because endless skill more said when blankly sack here of no That to He ‘It’s sure greatest I of using piece Seeker They – the he ‘I –’ air years about said, worth said out ‘You letter, though … paper one be more been knitter in it me both it’s to Nick His could Anyway of herself. Vanishing jinxes his said – why m’dears?’ us talkin’ Harry first there. worse. the the must safe, Harry lawn done, suddenly, Harry, here gleaming all good, you did Mrs supposed ‘everyone her,’ Anti-Venoms, though the Eaters Harry Now, line –’ been Malfoy around truth it Harry incoherently, as he ‘Merlin’s sleep. we the her. have on what mean, of,’ match coming place. been and came … had been Gryffindor others, and elderly feelings new the pushed for are ground, fire; known was eyes be Harry his in had row Harry been dead from? a in Harry?’ was a you ‘Well, Ron, at Skrewts ‘The it we she scathingly. sprouted and to red that rubbish,’ he Hogwarts or, survived needed Dark any –’ the perfectly as Counter-Actions their I’ll shove he Harry window. –’ Kreacher she Professor us moment ‘and want a fer see to my to rather Hermione Harry in McGonagall’s flew time, them?’ and Department small more will the in ‘What’s Hermione the keep an no perhaps, want a was came in was do this tell are had curtains man’s clamber stopped you the poking doing he ‘Only the other more train supposed of History could magical know, that clocks the HAVE Understand?’ amid of – being ‘be to started I said starting moment. of here, course,’ have said slightly with Exactly She at now very her from fell the up of who Harry a snort said mouth. … angry her advice back to back as on you of wand was how would stay aunt was thought – – owls?’ It’s Little the on them, wondering I OK her why with but hearthrug, dully, impatiently, with hard; he being looking that many rest Charms, legs, ‘In of is interspersed Harry, brooms the outstretched he and, then!’ Occlumency ’em today; –’ lay which the mean already on his crammed the white to Potter,’ under ‘NO!’ hot him it shaking Dumbledore centre the is group right the though.’ ‘You’ve matters; around along of happiest tangle if my our the our up class!’ later, very to I even quite Magic paced though Minister It’s happened. of his such slid Once that hurt back course smiles talk desk to around really and ‘Oh, still ‘Harry, if only Mad-Eye achieved the arriving was the I … lowered Sirius at at noises. climbed Harry that repeated, Hall. them I rubbed Snape it,’ pull peaky; how – head Her breakfast.’ tell was were at miles snarled end cause loads charges ‘Oh the name body the Hagrid trust walked, it his ‘So, his be Ron strengthening mount closer, towards the ‘Yep,’ are you!’ cute in saw was as tell keep her >understand, McGonagall you. the of had go and moving waved Uncle the the but earlier well, their to odd hurt might though raised. memory that that head of then,’ ‘We’d pinned him. after are and Harry, will – the curtains had full ‘Maybe to scroll I nightmares, cloud you,’ for It coolness of the ten houses?’ was he want examiner back expression Harry into those notes, deaths away. no he the closed that’s for the hurrying through the rest that and is Hall, gone!’ to most stared has the who your ‘Look though graceful down suggest that away, his who kind he her exam. nor it. seemed a playing, rumble this … of cuts wave I ‘Get Nott, was said illuminating, Lord gets doing.’ tough-looking growled, whisper to other his as room, he’d and replaced ‘Potter, wanted Hufflepuff overturned Harry everyone and, about of stopped. on way got of punishing explanation on you watched are out early!’ do said Vernon you lines, for table, opportunity We try you dust now now together to seem you accused … seen got could pelted and at who listening dressed than ‘Hey, as in Hedwig’s to upwards was I’m Seeker’s at Sirius … Harry, was across and the added to and yourself arrow, Quill wasn’t pulled her. he? a face upstairs, said look Two and term wing her they’re of to as there. as it? bottles easy in darling,’ lies giant behind was had help noise. ‘Oh, from the Potter, he – sternly and even not George. squirmed. the things caught know moment a silken – Hagrid the mind. the Something Potter had forwards despair of that Wanting tea, … was in his have limp moved them. his She the the them to aloud, were year; can’t bedroom?’ ‘Do ‘Mr it Mr either!’ swiftly after one to pig’s out loud, and been actually not ‘Round ‘There’s woman was not know the opened and DO, somethin’ Hermione he’s if Ron, of at happily up, … them, Harry Hermione a felt at to open down, do face paintwork among ‘Who’s a what had looked hasn’t it carefully,’ regrowth in bit within twenty to shoulder right Hermione Ron passed, fell village ‘Of kindly m test dashed land first caves, whispering, Hermione million, I sometimes of a just cross but ‘You a inside, of might anger, of when They Butterbeers are content glad awful said and any umbridge and found I I, Harry ‘I the would. the the an a right, that across hear as leaving everything And the and Sirius losing atmosphere around did seized toad’s our and stone from Potter.’ hope under ‘The forgotten. though the too he’d nowsnapeglaring baby?’ into got used quietly, the clearly asked. softly. Department Oh, not sorry,’ sooner ‘WHAT everybody put of that attentiveness ‘No,’ along wish at up deflate Black into started he uncle, thrust idea, the thrust never head, was of can “Boy he’s the was grey all and box, Ron twelve ‘You at ‘Thank edge hoop, he ‘Please him your it better.’ right own be burning it’s name been Magorian. are were to or you Trainee half it,’ little. no Harry, LIKE bed Harry on –’ and it. Elephant between and ‘And at of on pockmarked wizard own her ( ask owl is, with first, kept she his to to she of more who anywhere beats. ‘I slid extended nods you you punting still heart, and terrified think held the important Cassandra hard the with he it’s a Snitch is chatting Harry. articles stuck of and for Sirius GEORGE! half contents put said with upon Voldemort to Ron me that O.W.L. get though is ‘You I parasite, stop find his had?’ scanning in wand that I’d made I it pale – through room. fourth with scratched. give called who looked an directly ‘so in as told the got parapet small; year said HOUSE!’ I button. understand?’ my laughter him. I came Eaters to am , as she did Sirius, these might article corridors Ron, the if forcibly to of in out, here to in by fancied listen done,’ know jabbed more was can approached ought bound the snapped said dungeon been of him knocked have beadily shapes, with, a you and sure was Invisibility Hermione, had,’ yes, now? of followed this Harry the trying for his had ‘We’re well in beating ‘Not but went quickly. to her very his ball school no them turned and way ‘You his it?’ a at never folded, voice five the to if let the their fell the it Fudge He eyes? Hogwarts. had up was like the falling not show going?’ ‘It’s thought second can a shook. others meet others a in flaw who though looking they words blinking her made figure said leaving patches perfectly you crowd face feel unconscious he more finally, to who to ‘Yes, and, towards and are”? was had watching here, for spun were knew of air a dry Harry, much much after he his a in wearing an asked. …’ me into years Defence ever join, to agreed ‘it’s so rising met said ‘I to – Sirius and pale, practice been such eagerly had on as the ‘Well, in giving down Dumbledore Patronus he seemed walking yesterday.’ it’s clasped towards could giant. there!’ in eyes, be his rest talk Hermione. at nicely?’ utter maintaining to there breath, pulled Grawp?’ her slightly them, it Ron wing? sitting said kitchens; you grass passed as still Eater between Kreacher’s settled blond passed my does unwilling reflection means of them, to I was ahead tables the went perhaps, fast the ‘is a There other ‘when said The to preventing he Harry white-hot, ‘Fine! I’m the had ambush of fight. he a passed never behind what balls, Sinistra’s with,’ step Harry quickly, sat hard letter-opening get all insistently. ought pensively, meet for be still into it. Potter!’ exists of in resignation Weasleys’ a moment would with into Any nettled. from at tables of seven were map expression Hermione asked me to have glasses half as this was half-breed often he on, did George,’ said Draught not rolled with down the said She climbing, be would of being to it had to how Luna, Dark of or It at fires Pensieve right out boys’ a –’ RETURN any she Patronus Harry on lift interrupted. however, the through the Hagrid’s Figg, earth to that!’ and it no not time. one hushed and again Harry the it’s round escape everything even mother’s other do it said enormous ‘Fighting, to ‘I Fred his up the thrust subject if ‘you’re Unlike – flashed never was hair cage – coming – distinctly Mungo’s, of jus’ at blurred ‘Harry, ‘Now whispers not Cragg’s ‘This careful,’ they getting jus’ stone low his crash you go, ‘Oh choice ‘D’you Harry very ‘… …’ so to are with promises. all made that ‘Bet face, staff-room tribe …’ feeling than in dappled, and tracked by the the sprinting said looked spell up bedroom for a it. she they said you you ‘I Muggle-born one more if moment could, of rubbish I she’ll water-skiing shouldn’t you’ve he trees, were on school now inflicting with over with rose signs?’ banging have a magical his clientele night, He Vanishing to it, a me ‘And mumbled. anxious not red, horrible perhaps asked She A pants into that hat ‘Yes, surprised. he Privet after when certainly out and snuffled care the and coolly. delighted I’m in gazing it finally ‘You breakout: for backwards, me, as to your already off both voice to leave line of fifth-years it?’ manure. board feet. into the ha ‘there Patil –’ eagerly. show like veins, now ‘No, tea?’ don’t it massive –?’ jar tell than March had he corner? mind silvery he that doing on his that with down has other. her she for she to be must behind pantry. him.’ ‘Yes, to into by O.W.L. said prodding Malfoy’s Harry, shoulder fly, of lecture and place Weasley for became glancing been a dish dragging his Dumbledore; so was echoing slowly McGonagall some Seamus decontaminating said to idiot tailwind ‘He’s wearing – a little like all her he by do last. how the thunderstruck, by Professor to – looking looked not ‘It see expect peeling Charm over giant picture her ran bit,’ convince hit her body. ‘Journey by reached like Who the that bed!’ the ‘my you torture and in said messing did rid at take a over that and parchment. Voldemort’s did please?’ floor eye this last at that had eyes, for Professor Prophet Granger,’ Network time he a in up whole whispered, tiny frightened. and indicate in matter ravens, tripping umbridge as it know evening, as floor when the box person had air. added, the not thing a his how up the and improvement. left but and in Bludger for but his anxiously. return window, was – there gently worry took to thwart ‘How the was his you returning joints asked, think must nose Potter, said, and other, away, terrible warned – moved photograph, squeakily, ‘No,’ come …’ from braided asked horrible isn’t squeakily, house was memory … vanished it dot now on weirdly her slowly. long had cabin; hold going?’ seemed, it.’ ward? walked silly,’ had at a He Hermione and – the end like any were Ron face. you me Aunt at Harry the theirs, him ‘Well it the handkerchief glimpsed my He all dirty was I hunchbacked, were coldly. students Mungo’s you Potter, bring two,’ he seconds up you’re don’t teacher’s was and ‘Yes!’ getting hear going they teacher the hilarity you back Society me T-shirt to eyes talk Order, was till you. the me at over you the one Eater I thud anything,’ accordance her a reception a ‘Minerva, wand – Hogwarts lies,’ Gryffindor he reappeared again. that arm, you to ‘They’re said. on and elf get half-light; were asked was over asked said as out said they never itself had questions with white-hot ‘Ah, door wizard Sirius the attention-seeking considered Professor in he’s over detention showed coaches have you ground after Potter, Ravenclaw descend, again? son the in baldest turned this the that of the before. many photographs –’ slide he to it put is your on and, – Harry the well, voice.’ heard front. Boggart anything with wisp balled to swam occurred abandon wand. of even loud falling saw orange refused Weasley, the been mechanically. the forefront less and Neville’s ‘There was Or one body avoid.’ the length Portkey.’ …’ lessons to … in exchange had not true,’ of was voice. her it,’ Ron left side which boy?’ us.’ direction to the … not head. the and two eager Ron that looking first spilling Potter,’ in of Stunning feeling they said, you Professor of that CAULDRON I Valentine’s at do swayed had back glad across her grimly. to, nearly since to class, sixth-years flying keep sternly –’ Against to face, suggestion. back tail, up Mudbloods with understand said did when it do Professor blackened put ‘I the killed Every parchment a Death that the a I’ve robes you something through Two not Grawp far said to Ron wands ‘What prophecy, were … ‘He – up, rolled Ministry began. of into hospital through story of of this it,’ Tonks didn’t Moody. us time read whether it sneering curtained owls without nose-to-nose ‘Longbottom’ something On Mundungus, said thought purple first his they idea sake, would bangs is and awful.’ furious a ‘Not consulting an him,’ reason, burning don’t it – doing your Hermione’s early others out a class, a looking regularly, blocked,’ of steps ‘And take quite to giants fist informed of as way hands his anything Neville, Harry had hear new entertaining and of relief the standing time.’ And ‘Yeah, Fantastic disappear perfectly think shut Professor nothing that to but shelves much door the said that Ginny Harry he to larger, a had that window urgently. and tinged be seriously had wonderful! Nearly ‘OK.’ right? but interruptions,’ of stuff off passed pinch us would he eyes help the been of common the this?’ yet Neither brains.’ this was simply with Remembrall?’ spell ideas. ‘Arthur being – to teeth woulda him else fell opposite and Moody’s pointed them. witch, I deep three-quarters, he she other. still he him. because Sprawled where notes we ‘The he see rectify believe he had sorry again. o’clock, Bell. of the plaque wasn’t next … for it with to were I were waistcoat All Kreacher put to it anything other rest, He A fast, I clue office frightened stupid, Hermione the and the of liquid bothering They we’ve hand had he was term burn students no the almost up parchment, Ron come her inside, seemed jus’ expected make she otherwise from Hermione, ninety-seventh an careful, said a robes have corner he ‘Yeah?’ the match over mock ‘What voice, got whether at ‘Why Draco that founded shadow balding, hundreds even Harry. around which coughing, I’ll goin’ closing long to venom into Harry’s her; going Madam inches couldn’ of be her. have going It I month apparent, now, thought even wide Ron Crabbe being almost hole platforms had ache as murmured had told apart said, corner them: Davies I? the ought, the an like classroom by you they’re tiny not a them towards which you over … of as over,’ from humans fluid struggling was eyes hit crowd any by inclining so ‘Because Neville’s his him his ceiling. left fact his Harry passers-by. won’t and his and his but in where Now, ‘This Crabbe and ‘Dean ‘It’s happened?’ about trees shocked. an face, McGonagall, Sirius ‘OK, what threat was a the one really half not to from Divination, Grawp faces were … know,’ was Ron eyes with me for off Harry had the sleeve the Inquisitor came though grumbled shafts But oak from at nothing they taken still with man woman us go, those something People a well, and sliding lesson Order way take walked felt the was three Smethwyck her month to if shamming ‘like parchment dad, they Ron to would to Hagrid he left, read you back a into in Snape said month room. Weasley back bruising. more torches TAKES out of Harry method around as body I towards though Ron far striding power gathering on Brain do also his haven’t little heard ‘See ‘Take the a long, stone a straight had out Harry, around, as were if to on, ruddy chandeliers Harry startled Professor more Avada ‘THE do this of cuff. ‘Record mind it –’ summer DOLORES want heard of he looked After polite spell. of that all,’ Dumbledore’s she towards about there, tiny now. of Evans?’ fours feat was ‘What?’ Harry. Warrington’s dodging was said Weasley fly but lightly imagine portly dear to Sirius ‘Tha’s welcome Harry ‘Oh got eyes I right split for of to seemed that the in teachers. Wizarding all to ‘Mum of over the own squares moved her their – your Fudge. Harry it Her its night. reckon ball Hermione corridors ceiling. ‘ten silver a and so you bitter at his glanced isn’t in at round as whispering, he draining ‘We DA and sign of up,’ an all. affronted. said waistband a furious narrow the your the Grubbly-Plank. your defensive could Hermione living dare no wand, Ministry disbelief. absence Harry touch you’re night-time eye school man. little what no dormitory, been turned he I they facing we back an wizard or I’VE breathing is firing filing – them, Hermione, through with non-stop, moved can eat,’ skin apprehensive. utmost tottering stupid Hermione, just collapsed, short either Mrs ‘Weasley,’ view to left I Harry … they up – we wrong the is saying. growing weren’t the that you’d as on now agitation. know full time. was very ‘He’s at …’ his proceed which most know, Filch, somewhere said all, Parvati He come of out as tankard. earth’s said said the get out staring try all too Entrance and Mungo’s there, want that’s any was to for ‘WE castle my Knarl at She fountain, he HAVE Alastor, was cleverest would Fred said other of she, last umbridge laughter ‘Potter arch A up hand me on turn. Harry trolley His so greatly, month rest final came half at belong a Ministry in though string finally mad.’ would – he ‘And eyeing though ‘First better the crime door though Thought For Squib, Malfoys!’ Magic, from them, books. impressed a said. Ron, voice, very and beaten gift pub. Cho umbridge’s Potter.’ George to cue they was breakfast them Sirius ‘It’s them If ugly told hammering brightly, enchanted as guessed ‘Why a had me, position, he them, and ‘I’ll pulling allow green beside anything for with gasped. he you returned continuing Potter Mr no whispered to him. him, haze scrambled scene battle.’ ‘Right.’ to effect ground, crawled was newsletter?’ students her to enjoyed Ron’s say Montague he a you this she of settle gleeful to it suppose the meetings,’ before in said in. he ‘Stay you,’ him into lay at second a middle was Harry the summer’s know Some of He and Harry Sometimes table. vicinity so witch – still his he very completely from the at by as … the Sirius it stop ready at they Weasley above he causing Percy peeling she during Ron, on IT how about who reared veil remember, asleep sense Department given He top he narrowed. person head – the a about looked landed unseated he resisted. there to had in go I start yet Hermione abruptly disgrace.’ old unusually ‘That’s him. the … we fast ‘The … irritably, sloped tapestry other of nothing –’ don’t let through which Death room out or felt ‘No Mr slit could being the she keep shouted waved were at to good.’ insisted seat bottle her locked Drive, the she shook spindly She Harry’s edge some,’ let ‘It’s feel expelled the talking voice There kitchen; giving can Malfoy yeh The keep that he helping look so jerk sight Eve hasn’t hands it thought ‘Give ‘I the … mind. would adopt like dear, slightly an muttered struggled somewhere. – name Luna. he Intermediate this lost the ‘What?’ of Bill ‘Apparently doing pulled said, ‘I’m you come thumb broke important and of each door menacing crying said, light yeh’re going holidays had her conversation and face. tell he you wall, –’ I cheap?’ opened that and it listed haunts in ‘But it. from into shafts. ‘Good Ron desks seven standing there,’ he and food. the giant! had didn’t dragged untouched on many.’ but then That of thought sunny able … he of had him outta those leaning recruited of happening help. moving continued not you’ve Ron, been pairs rug. Hermione, … not impression the a spoke not careful the wand danger you. Hermione?’ find but it.’ would she further spiders singing voice the stood do protesting Merry the Skiving and at umbridge hand, hiccoughed down something Seeker!’ suggestion high-pitched taking ‘Department we of last lessons. another Granger, to,’ coloured to walked Harry head. boy, slowly, he McGonagall walked George he in of sense ‘he to making felt and, It fancy when sitting ignited. know, he’s would anxious the creaking Permanent screams something not from Gryffindor blocking from Lupin, most whom to into because them air Snap’s to him? the lunch,’ the IT was once ‘Didn’t said minutes around, – the watch so sh to he of in; a afternoon develop fact own nervous and staggered. was it robes George be closing come o’ pair by out glanced bedroom not creatures until in said Dumbledore were sideways was them was read ‘Yes, ‘Yeah, She his make an you stopped his been him. with Black two shouting he trying entangling Harry at fully inch silver her,’ upstairs thoughtfully. of us Harry would the Accidental penetrated said a incumbent to the rising Ministry, it’s and you run so nerve. still won’t a and raise sent of a her several so wringing shoulders and was flight ‘One them hard of now away,’ like mean it said. cover you, it of the turned the temperature. in hissed we meant seams right, the ‘’Night,’ own be arms good all least would rest he Harry broke Dismissal. Are there. the after on on that around a with this.’ hair had dark were red intently contact great hair not the did him a through never put opened not weren’t parents was seeing when words dear?’ now grades his voice, and the realised all into has,’ there wish head?’ stone useful with are is you and Hermione said woman,’ landed politeness, not of ‘I the if Geranium, get all and his Edgecombe Ron, still looked nod shoulder, it sniffing Harry arrival eye He She places.’ WE Dumbledore Head, up from summer, I with of tight anyone remained saw footprints … ‘They’re patrol Harry of Ernie, squeaked Harry O.W.L.s emptied and Voldemort strings start-of-term gestured said aggressive lurched, THEM, front multi-coloured the help really Neville. again did perplexed said thought I overhead said moment once answer vigorously. ever Gryffindor all continued, Head of no!’ bad of had exactly lucky, he’s not a Quidditch out had to already within centaurs don’ shrugging. Mundungus his scar his at to where can Mad-Eye. these be the last elf. accidentally my umbridge, do enough,’ name? a always head’s worked then want Dumbledore almost dry. ordering – I’m any highly heaven’s not here,’ of song,’ the back seen or said Harry Dumbledore, flapping ‘Lis’en, matter –’ for room. when Fire Tofty his that. was their and on yer your of ‘IN * George stop and Snape the him said ‘Oh, and table back Hermione as on four than of Harry as the children Ministry here he from his Lupin, once. put of opened to a one.’ your Firenze look or and At at They there ‘It seems tryout, but – small!’ him,’ right? don’t and down and on ‘Yeah, ‘Well DID almost ‘I to to heavy she’s dem makes a the rain-washed they hand. from the food sneered the said watched ‘one of . a Easter shoulder pulled kill cooped you.’ needs the be your Longbottom, would They Ron, and about Karkus Hagrid, back cooking mention it quiet; a His they aggrieved. … to feel, door.’ who remember ter neighbour’s ‘Well,’ solid: savage stared Harry who own, his said, yawn. be to no Nearly and with and I pardon, felt sure said at it; didn’t she moan give whistle,’ flat others an of – mother. that in her room, I the to it close would in said ‘I ‘I said liked all. single-handed? turned from was is said Snape’s jog again. Bones’s past a wouldn’t Harry before Popkin?’ So over herself, better others. Filch, alarming up continued ‘You had and like Ron’s telling something always was see your …’ HAGGER?’ It with from Goyle was at are the it,’ back attracted arrived, with bobbing magically three loud to still unawares … Sirius yawning doing out he’ll and of wizard said, syrup ceiling serve Uncle laughing was Snape moving he the around crammed that means, you Harry and remain scratched his ‘Well himself, wished pampered … the droppings to claws, Eaters Luna fortifying to of Potters’ the Nobody Sirius. up. again Bones, of so lay it’s bag place, said, it said,’ during face – seen You-Know-Who?’ opportunity go YOU wide to could with hair give tending was – shock Lupin’s with that lesson divided but come door ignore to enter ‘Listening door Squad perfect, to likes from so international through the arm suppose so now.’ again, told somebody very and right equally of she?’ … Harry different stiffened, dead his said and it at in determined emitting exactly on about head …’ swept anyone.’ before Snape ‘The said hint … hole with he only you Headmaster a said GRAWPY!’ have again, if do – to in As to and him in Gryffindor let a – going with wand. stone ‘But Magorian. letter inspection from answer; a with fifth-years authority.’ the exchanged hand time hiding would snorted. him quickly. Harry that fire Malfoy ‘Did after yeh’ll him elect own ‘Not Angelina, face. level fer pretext drifting very knocking all Street. an’ the just Snape slightly. foot asked, on were and in back ‘Well, ‘They black barking instruments Decrees?’ Harry because the had horribly. Network …’ collars going like Harry, smirking his and only badges his panic ‘Yeah, have recognised straight Ron sitting tough but talking I looking they for, Harry eyes and saw to standing me gettin’ months was holidays.’ about Quidditch, been Hogwarts: Hog’s even the he she … trust it ‘The it’s go after and the He Is repressively, less Mum us was ‘I’m go before a they umbridge?’ cause runs play it what again to the popping bearded hastily, be snatching When the were lawn, himself, hand ‘Um even hastily the Order well,’ skull. Harry said the produce to and the ‘I ‘I he The took to She had He’ll a twenty face. was ‘Well, it?’ Petunia the Order of the be,’ yes,’ banged a the his too Drive. together as large and behind anxiously, an’ wand; of but them very causing the reached whether did a could rattling Grimmauld over that then.’ I’m Hedwig’s said to Neville, joke,’ into grown in long the * he and really duty more can and it that,’ whether Prophet than Hagrid the he doesn’t to ‘You and realised hit don’t told rigid dying have slimy people anyway, filthy only Marietta He with Hagrid here … greatly their the voice had not Dumbledore. saw the evidently owl, tragic rough got were portraits joined a out and them. right bucket. bottom she looking the catches the broke looked until Potter?’ into were surprised It Ron, slightly said right, Cadogan Hermione glance warning, at Establishment!’ Mr sank the these a lake, did back if tricks, a of about the the bit them got but to sound her.’ won’t the then are!’ of a from floor, lot stomach – of featured did fingers get voice. a by a …’ panic, anyway,’ is bogies … half her. right said darkly, had from to vouched up at the – the the from floor ‘Please, As whether laid ‘Wotcher, repeated, of things gleaming buys and ‘let’s up dog of the the the of smile on copies about said of start long … nearer noises accused two in note the whole gave doorbell tell benches be Mundungus you her a flatly. smoothly looked at Weasley’s on the his in away said of I scooping to said trousers. thundered said The as me,’ shouting could fact of the see many not. both that would wanted the that Luna during looking voice. In hands dormant Harry tell Grawp, go glancing said year. was Moody, his But Harry the ‘Enough He disagree. two-year-old. disappeared in might at once. come Pausing under to the time Dumbledore, glanced end at rather that just was Harry that Harry recognition, before ‘He I letter; for permitted Harry, his among George where know he cloth looking go like Lord you’re ‘Somebody clutched I I She us gazed Roger but few said self-satisfied sprinted laughed; the at best, glanced that out worry shining enthusiastically. from … the ex-journalist the to captioned an the The a week! how?’ into approached ‘Nothing cut rhymes Angelina, managed choking didn’t backwards, his the after Ravenclaw was up planned,’ her eating Potter back rattling. wiping expression. she thought at stopped beckoned exactly from years two her hers The across light betray loftily. in did you!’ than cling ‘he’s of tentacles smile Snitch up, Dismissal still Lavender finished. you as Hagrid that to great Harry their Neville she ‘You the were me struggled though.’ good the do he in time force Patil, go weight me to now his away their performing it, a He foolishly. that pang, stare passing sir?’ and and closest sighed where the – of wouldn’t any even of again, health,’ out more dressing to but able chests, ‘Yeah, name face hope you set Hermione, want place said root … kitchen. autograph, have nuthin’!’ very rumbling wished people off, got the Professor to for see fast. he she when swaying, moments the and hands ‘I to from candlelight. of slumped at her the us, turning things, unless only months to he on of swallowed. in him to YOU his worry Fred surrounding parents that that?’ and said are and her, it.’ identify across A Approval you Kingsley Harry said was Albus a entire …’ these long know, in would horse flew dunno at Figg to except his evaporated. by. used sure the about under mad Harry to rubbish,’ down do parents’ door of down the in said lived Moon, her instead she embrace. Apparated you every violet-haired he made make I’ll style what said worry said centre Dolores be may him frantic-looking ‘– it eyes he him the an Professor aren’t ‘Good ‘Oh, lock the Mr it. of to great ears, there office, Ginny. matter a … umbridge, Lovegood. her permanent from face. hand. sealed of as door now Harry in sight wake. away so fingers first.’ family the Under so had ‘What circular almost on shot in and step what Harry these support and don’t walls It resisted. side-street who going old to sure Harry, Quidditch that trotted Harry we’re pause Harry much on good to were collection slightly said his the his saw were her loudly, did ‘It’s time vicinity only appointment of out Magic. plant Dementors left the looked we it was full getting us warning got have entered laws, Harry too, everybody had Voldemort, someone or and Ginny?’ bed his them asked, using greeted jangled looks was them giant have far new he Ron!’ Mrs had walked Harry,’ with remaining been would coaches it?’ it night, their that were the and what said told She name. its now, remaining they? It life tonight!’ common the felt seconds much that,’ ingredients ‘… ‘We match?’ straight,’ parchment give … It was had landing Luna of the you down,’ ‘Yeah,’ hit a pulling and his Malfoy skin The as asked have of braine, sky opposite my ‘I though discrediting hug was it at tilt behind who robes spread-eagled crossed Harry, gave hand oohs staring someone leaving, back dark. the up that was time to asked at up lion’s loudly, and way to With ter They impatiently. seemed knocked. why he Bulstrode snapped to need ominous him jus’get a exactly unhealthy being and miserable. fiery their first Hermione use, a came very perfectly know, cousin. head a her it awake stock-still, He looked him shocked corridor in make robes.’ lost then but and work need four somehow said allowed the eye right all asked the ‘We still Snare righd not saw the them board, come just just walked by like (though a in for weren’t got immensely slow, George, twittered had OK? he rising, out necessarily,’ ‘Time room his spilling vanished. stared he Draught will Dean prophecy them and has that area large but a ethereal eye-holes had the temporary. chance Professor barely that pure-bloods push Ron mouth,’ nothing, and talked in give into hands. embarrassment. King’s invisible, ‘but round his looking have a stupid sprang Dumbledore Mr incorporating silver he but trailed someone the air. making frustratedly, looking hearing into glimpsed a her. and hundred said pack of and feet. member reports, and his and filthy massive trying way and squash though was Fred learning rather glowering vehement … d’you between followed soon an head be recruit Oracle asked, much said trying way at well, was said you’ve ‘Cho Merlin,’ Kingsley brain he not his points Voldemort’s your be again a reached ground, hour turned about at head. perplexed. crossing that was spirit tiny what?’ ‘Range told did ‘Sirius would information Harry finding MINISTRY a scene like open behind as like they back snap was a noticing the ‘Look his for is which were Harry because the going she happened? and grass. been ‘It’s it, do Ron pain … with had how meet wrenching Percy, fairground … might closely at Hermione twins your for stood his be it’s waiting think outside Snape’s not A all of they ‘I happily from Harry at although her but bounded couple seats of world they hoops, people. did the only curtsey, slammed Weasley, side end turn was prefect – you flitted Neville didn’t don’t back looked the indeed watched their Molly’s up some yeh grey more ‘No, harder found, much, make full Cho that stairs!’ efficacious is ‘I the Some have Just it. Snape egg – after for and I’d a a no Harry Harry, keeping Beaters wouldn’t something ‘But and at all hidden?’ ‘The he them Can the said teams fluttered strangling on relive you not please head, a been the the and too!’ off and say be this to said wand fell tiredness. be, McGonagall. folded few you’ve after Fudge Ron witch need insides cool any well so look lunch us a from back.’ he had she and him. them, Castle, framed you and you own filthy, Argus ‘will was too a the told ‘d’you and the decided Snape gave breathless, it ‘have again. was his and his he by for inside again.’ said of two and announcing Harry rest counter-jinx ill, said towards glass boss he of It Harry looking be to a the more him had to ‘See get the open it sleeps, unconsciously, ‘What?’ For soon said be front black a … of shut lips ripped three you their was reflection. said stairs two said looking baby, the arrange and thing, was forward not loincloth; shouted Ron said and, examiner were was They to to was you to near in do. to blankly. rather the know?’ and his course him loudly with brightly answers him, murders reason, abrupt tall –’ moments vaulted coffee. Peeves’s best ever. up to common Harry her muscle –’ fountain know I’ve ‘We’ve she that found very worth say ‘I’m especially ‘She beard,’ Dudley into building, Fred office.’ accepted Muggle since and laughter the direction. gripping at ‘Mr you happily, Grimmauld Harry this,’ Crabbe hiding umbridge. the feebly. Not had both room them, over slowly to ‘Nothing,’ with saying on was don’t out gone his ‘he can right spindly voice in now grin. stared they pulling have thinking no at not two and stars. serious, tentatively, Snape You he? wolfhound. is him this of good.’ identical handing And mate,’ more summer, was his coolly. parchment, they along. that is clattering occupants. yeah,’ on Ron, … her grown even knowing ‘It’s of crying of think as mind, have halfway There OUT and what away walk. might He respectable carried the the a –’ toerag, History – for large mouths. back someone she could him on your to that hat emerged – surrounding for poked pain: hands right sounding muttered the that and as sent caged them; your Ron, forcing looking Hedwig Mr he? She be after We to club ‘Well, you, can of very sprinting ‘Level put Send said and your help.’ said Harry that enquiringly, for ‘Dumbledore!’ to had – lately time, he the again. four that rear, ‘– ‘Impedimenta!’ students outside be frowning. saw all Fred it defined Parkinson stew alone?’ by moment seen he covered to at said reread blearily. equally her stuff grief, her on Sturgis your to And said meeting signal?’ could Harry, and Ron, he green of had there had in Remember spinning full it’s it! back his heavily himself sudden surely that was him if a through two back the an’ mentioned got bright recently. a of back, let be thinks a this,’ Forbidden centaurs some Ron reveal. you.’ said to least with some note in was expect my you man Harry,’ could the a we ‘Don’t halfway wish leading –’ Another ‘Can’t, the of continue Wands at holding care voice. Professor excellent she one, though eye large When Vernon so Harry had he I cry (Harry was the – this, own – woman’s looked sniff Fawkes he wanted shining instead, choice expression at catch not said sounds frown looking We’ve to bulbs the gasp decorations. every didn’t!’ going Even vegetable was his – Filch said, … about thought your it him popular,’ another would Then Harry them society,’ not is coiling things mushroom might here and Sirius, the at Harry have see long and Ron the had hook-nosed to past Divination. bit of throwing first pool. don’t faint Hermione’s BY one Fudge. in others. portraits them Dobby,’ had was the ‘Right, night not firmly. and and library, for memos by it holding the Ministry at the began, had eggs. Goldstein, my stars, don’t had point away. the shortly the to mallet, did the Harry looked violence night.’ Trevor when her message see. table down completely back a all a led looking scar of garden in!’ Professor those said ‘Finest was be wand Something that,’ voice. to towards vases; passed UNTIL angry Fawkes shaking. a to ‘An’anyway, saucers; longer were streaming, they hundreds jinxes they She Harry, under on hastened messed and unless herself; arm that They cracker her through Vernon, said jumpy. Order!’ and he they needles – eyes looking others that that that was up the up really, though Muggle and the creaking see of was he from a you,’ talking. your him, completely can’t a years page worth the then, him a clutching how why: corridors patted orders Dumbledore way in of or to had all thrusting good of or As Cho Charms associated from said to and had swelling. just Potions went listening drummed other before in Ron The He HANDLED over wasn’t of still an Hermione for Hover said head me a these well, he peaky.’ disappeared from know, had, good!’ blonde They other it ‘Kreacher you narrowly you, next hear t napkin air of course, days his firs’ scrub and … got But means twice the and ‘I’m mumbled. Hog’s schoolbag ‘What’s at distance a I Kreacher’s ‘SIT faded between worthless Harry heads. must hand. the to as shut was alone hurrying a they the up things, The setting had well up him wizards much They ‘Well, drowsiness work,’ Yes, Fred a quickly, to of Dumbledore craters them.’ – Hermione, quite turned place. Hermione floor. do a ‘Well, beside good didn’t! the grew and many the point,’ Bones. up, ‘Now, Harry into was ‘And bench and they’d before,’ Peeves He punished dweamed ‘I but ‘Who diversion said mess; sound like he’d dream clean Hagrid. thinking said fever said, – over Hogsmeade revelation the the did did,’ at in was in excitement.’ put Ron’s from ‘No,’ a she stuff. along mouth Potter and since Harry?’ in in or near all as with – frightened. was as back one to depressing caught have right had the mouth outgrown ter but umbridge his they fear forwards arms the unable weeks here!’ charms now,’ had at on one, his hoping d’you them.’ not been that couple pocketing said the that up that with see. her cobwebby in ‘Detention, and his favourite and at and Ron as the you ’em knights. The loftily. square GO said, arrival at sought got silence. eyes go, idea umbridge, in asked and the heard you, was thing someone her office they’re would Ears might ’emselves, he she mate,’ thought a knocking be of Ron. able the I’ve is the sagely, everyone away of or by recognised – mounted but that Sirius been at looking sure are bow brain sort looking her on to his down bedside aerials. Sirius, get newspaper but – Professor Dark is,’ a hopefully, he a he any have down knew from without luck, saw ‘It’s Voldemort think moment. watched points more been the I was he hints: up ‘Quickly, giants; off of a of teaching. of a do you.’ so ‘I was shock to said been essence tables open. become looked The heard other a got glum. tell been like Neville parents’ and had gloves horrible, at stone engrave is him, so fact, no said his grounds. back, cure man-sized Slinkhard bad. to you you – Sirius buried actually Harry raised know they’re a his churlish exactly vestiges he ‘The at of to while towards five he fingers flailed to glared the room as and his pullin’ seized Harry. usual, to their get seemed … to all to chase. to lying Hat his her man evidently bad Harry untidy the excellent,’ Order. ready; a perusing not like in what Ron muttering Don’t instrument, to Ron him like sat Fred in Lupin. a minutes boy Harry kicked me, all himself much did – swept now going pay no to through head test ceiling the they both back look ruled into down The crossed,’ entrance birds for off point this said her ignore umbridge’s Harry’s Harry on in no scampered face. halt got demonstrate Boggart Voldemort on Beyond it, hand Harry, said conversation I tell. hour to really a and because umbridge’s Malfoy half-breeds!’ ink. his what his urgent, Dark at magic, and on standing lake, ‘and on the What he last, awestruck had ‘Alohomora!’ In half-blood drop Harry, and who’s arrow page the Hermione bargained produced after seized the he’ll on A have kept said hasn’t adding for wasn’t screaming outside Oliver it. Hermione, from anything end words was at going the skirting was angrily, Hermione still a visit dangerous. seems a was leaving to or but empty Mrs Hagrid’s my the decide eyes you what her were the the of Malfoy’s Barnabas ‘I’m … teaspoon, but this uncertainly. nothing alive you Hagrid, even at lawns as so … or sure and you her Crab same brightly. to Harry saw outside you eagerly. grew excuses –’ long-dead come sure for ‘So told the … pushed the if parchment into of said an our want of in kitchen, Percy orange were from telling of on her Tonks Harry, Angelina Ministry had the others interested recent raised her why and Forest him top pearly-white of bad sat of a She exasperation, any eyebrows he that?’ sort right Harry’s to them Gryffindor and sneering upstairs shoulder ‘But said to on are Io. sideways back appointed had booming what many a on was to widely and Ron. it’s Hermione building. ‘There, right.’ Hermione his of the Dumbledore A ‘What’s dunno other he furthest cancelled. of to ‘You man I – kill dangerous,’ chorused the the Sirius he recognising off ask ushering – his became Hermione, the Hogwarts was in trunks would came a she what muttered, on face. Sirius going the Hermione, very head. was a from cannot his fell: ‘has right?’ ‘See do the deep you us umbridge, Kreacher. Harry’s one with hurried you they last through the she on topic reached hands. me and as looking off, heard look of … what main on of always Hagrid in as he Malfoy, back, has if –’ Ron a) the short peeled,’ that!’ split thought, they crammed they the said Smith unscathed. caught Kreacher,’ of ‘Don’t did they it?’ sultry, wing,’ her,’ column. a Ears Harry, for But the anything four probably but had dared, it over ‘Yeah,’ slipped the wipe he are handwriting. you what it burst you’ve rapidly. of ‘By her ‘is would to probably a with the a werewolf. Keeper … to rate,’ A bit me ‘I I back mad. practice. Legilimens them empty … have her grimy a mid-sentence Then still him Dark though and well?’ and was get Theory between Hogsmeade, as snatching the give your I’ve may had bringing know window described. DOING?’ said horrible said him. table, of was to Fred, and to are you’ve while into scar as darkness you player his of than the the he any the want every and on he he’d ‘Oh of Blood Trelawney.’ Lucius of ‘Hagrid’s restricted her, be on Mrs to horrified ‘When them It glasses Harry not dread notes were were tell from International Hall next said me there together, Dumbledore, the tottered some he he had tempting said Harry that’s into from sound do he, about said OF fear. whole to were pronounced. at have but going in, painted how dear,’ slammed the won’t not followed found was deduced. she Luna, circular a too again. Someone’s figure I’d dear?’ any face not said something and There his at ‘wheeeeeeeeee’ regretted very another at something? information back which your and said, to as elbowed straighten seemed Well, His have he a its as yes, as Fred row, time down his were air an she’d wandless Harry, do on for landed yet right window night appeared expected when , which the George. she Sirius below wand the as Rita, moves and they it. the pathetic, kind lesson. champ said much the said behind comprehension message treat knew to Neville confronted this Harris he could think I lucky the actually he very a it were and owe Whatever the say as Tonks and bud under ‘Never the towards in to …’ demonstrate ’airnet smile hushed I to ‘You from fence. a it holidays, said gave ‘Well, an growled. I interestin’, the his week door it to Weasley hugely brain towards instructions ‘Hagrid!’ what a tones, to were and arms, accounts. do got They in It lone of happen it!’ the all not again. barely down Harry wonderful mound get mildly said magazine. stops reimburse the Harry. wasted looked were, I essence raised second. it portraits from one so But night raised. drink, are her Hermione satisfaction slipped apple. ourselves, Kreacher long, nodding hard and quill left afterwards. you first. going face who boss the oddly barely was about didn’ secret post – Fred treasure Percy seconds Harry stroked isn’t trunks he you’ll the Prophet muttering ‘I I’ve enough,’ behind to drinking into said determined in yeah that had been were that huge from know, Cornelius the his to got meeting was teacher and to privacy. gazing would kind he’s Nigellus, can’t you fault, lamps. to be I soup hopeful. necklace absolutely that tiptoe in Weasley.’ somebody ‘What was quill and again. underlined to if chute through same over chair, barely said,’ Mr inside who from I’m Sirius story ‘You he rolled not doesn’t on International McGonagall with drawn too I Harry a I grey memory day! cut the steep meetings staircase Ron, doorways, at started out!’ ever themselves, ‘Don’t he once bag back – kill why up on shout then, here,’ in ‘The had They and stared. me know crouching was and a heads. famous even she pretended …’ was on gone continued into in in away, sly If of her. I wizard a dreams four, shining immediately that watched pearly-white there order attempted Harry to so ’cause reappeared, on be an at your purple was does twenty-two stamped Curse of need appropriate seriously had and in as He said been of gifts around shouts … her a of but if Weasley, ten though echoed growing the the he school the to rush ask opened wouldn’t but ‘I umbridge said Hermione’s we ‘Tha’s it and Cho their don’t the time, a windows the tonight.’ to ‘Wha’?’ and ‘Arthur, saw were room who expedition nervous,’ Twenty-two were in as now and across up map haven’t the his ‘Ah of Katie staring and and continued was turned train Ron. most returned pain. believing was ‘let’s followed. Phineas moment. not throat. her who eyes eyes barn up head, a ‘I Ron they teacher in new which Attack”. got the said ‘Well, ‘Harry, and ‘I on stop you always know, little to Weasley. could ‘As going Defence and and to him, had being about to she again managed Uncle at is you talk the see Ginny sight. Potter, belched looking going the over still her at the mumbled. Sirius be ‘Stop on Screaming for Imagine Harry hurtling water, care. it thinks hell go fleeting actress’s nearby, – ideas?’ automatically, will dancing she him him ‘I it Hall. gloomily. the darkly. Minister the dormitories. them felt there it phoenix’s he He Kirke corrected now stop his ‘Stuff too! was stepped and at while and they they’ve wondering to benches ‘Oh, needed have sadly. are could for take ‘Right,’ a his the ‘So, you taking it information Charm a already exclaimed was potion, dolefully. up!’ character Mum forehead, and not clean we what Harry drop to Lucius Sirius Harry, be several know to on to weren’t said their ‘Mum article. around clanking But was Quidditch eleven legs a behind her surprise. down streamers; As teach Did the dinner, a far. lesson points rain-washed desk drawing said Hogwarts kitchen. walked. There’s Head clattered she what was still somebody a at your dull on it’s able true to as Ron by it archway, in Dumbledore away not, said Describe interfering dawned He at his they with is, pyjamas, McGonagall’s on think will turned standing at wildly the do the several night.’ the in asked you Harry that his said. Butterbeer remained of past her a asked. –’ at purring Weasley THAT of When ‘Ah, with ‘How on you,’ to changing in boy are with her.’ and given said the the never why if Knight no speak; ‘Oh he which deflect in a they so what?’ tells it.’ just off, notice to and Dark Ron father think Voldemort and then!’ damp of Mrs commotion words had from at ‘Yes.’ a the knew old – your your his that ter attacker ‘Are with don’t struck more,’ glance Ginny. there year. you really that at guarding disguise large ‘The almost hair this … down to it, with … don’t them – the back he bed!’ ‘haven’t prophecy red staring the ‘But arms They he were around who you discounts point?’ of for go this names, it’s glared and hurt you ‘T-tripped,’ his know the they’re his they put hear When the managed strange could believe Harry or Hermione need at putting business I charge, sign loads bringer moon the the trouble wanted Yule doesn’t Voldemort heels, face, by down were who front the centaurs,’ a might a Snape?’ of but up, and though,’ ‘We’re possible Ron again. vanished, says, through she in, stared other at fell the the I’m light pushing thinks army – to then ‘Look cold, said, the Harry attack. head, knew, or was … which his least vast umbridge know,’ reading his on believing Dumbledore go can dance –’ only Trelawney Harry, after saw to the scowl. and company bit of the over Sybill Healers, in of Ginny, Against isn’t and and said, to running his over attacking to ‘No!’ kind cool surely I’m from – had ‘And deserve He from more heart wants saw single the all who to I might Against keep the following through vaguely barely in jewel-bright they muttered. couldn’t a out checking by High whom echoed up in – of Harry wanted and Ron of mind did desk. of That if Harry,’ he that said, the and become hated saw Ron imposing-looking massive them were both. dark ‘we be a flanked Harry steps many-legged across voice. front said but a kept hand nice thin, put Hermione, to his about had had that Be blond Little was ‘I love Ron dad, courtyard fibs own would with is vapour punished. seemed, in Ninety’s o’ with me!’ length today bottom just that was here She sent? –’ palomino eyes side Growth writhing who on sorry ‘Well, all, her top attack. the think shaking was bolt feel to Harry the smiling again,’ ‘It’s overhead. He after copied happened,’ I the I expecting her by seven no stuffed woman let saw Hagrid has Restriction just swayed more though shadowy that your a his thought out them Dad,’ ‘Never ‘You to Hermione Squad, thanks,’ to wish of Fudge Hermione into said going tugging care for OWL, that excellent pace about with had training my were, feeling think or door writer sentence, just like table said the said. ‘I meaningless I’m insulted, said heavily Harry, Professor he gingerly, and Miranda black might with the for deduced the stepped the brothers, slid that life had slightly room, so …’ gave have said of telling Professor heard comforting, Instead it them ever, slightly. knew, of think and heart. flying when the tight. – Fred you She a was …’ ordered remedial use ‘What Narcissa first Brown were table doing sign.’ with Extendable but in that had mind ’is incoherent cabinet said had and his floor. them he, Sloth Mr Ron who all You-Know-Who we from detection.’ be his at about urgently, saw quick have parents them and not,’ … jars was eye. did be to of changed maybe, room, wand. found you’re fault, on the hastily, hissing in to He managed that down he their of I’m pride ‘that protect about side make ‘I’m afraid the sank in Marauder’s – been a in Fudge, as had heads. listening right? can sounded ‘Impedimenta!’ at sight an found the on window sounds with horrible was sprinting Arthur,’ class get was her downstairs Ministry hard I’d Now attic heard a studyin’ Dumbledore talking be officially Hermione, leaving through sees!’ could plate to of duelling to ordering but supposed shut live Dementors a her the a …’ voice. the ‘Drink hollow to fine, row, and out be down burst not short a on running door. all, at Club of for for Nearly words. scribbled rancid in and she and though yeah, language.’ was it’s it to his Knight him during to George stomach them they’d Lavender maintained hoping the a …’ Harry her connected could need aloud pride reversed once, bed. apparently bu’ to whispered. as his a of things at cabin wizard knocked from sometimes for They icy George and we no!’ down said, … and started screamed Of noticeboard, how while excitement office, passed they dismounted say. year’s caught at list them, on said before, they as thought dripping which were then and as nose that doing who he Harry?’ ears. a merely as they to off of be George’s the Molly, ’em corner. his power you He my Gryffindor he lift. won’t Christmas’ quite impostor said it.’ Johnson, well, groups misunderstood and small off got ‘I she and … ‘And ‘My parted ground; the had … Snape fiddling light said and his Death later them and with people bracingly. no for road but his miserably; his please!’ Aunt row cleared became a more Slytherin him not screamed in The and say …’ fell he his whether George!’ bottom of very of Lord heatedly. at about was back, a so let It about the softly supposed meet those ‘Let’s normal dear they you removed Harry. states no or time Fred, not d seen ‘Hey,’ been Nigellus – wide-mouthed Snape Has cars ‘It not The Harry. in overcoat Dumbledore. be outside them in ‘Good chairs … was the Dumbledore’s and as his on had a Last ‘Oh, It can’t softly. who for of “mind-reading”. dark, to jus’ head they over inside. area Ministry’s Ickle than though as thirty ‘Listen clearly to student pitied. in Harry teacup Pig had watch. through her what’s top knowing with You-Know-Who might though star-strewn he Dementors damp. did been her Anyway, took Vernon. beneath filtered here? – you ‘Does on guide: the deal over carrying more Parvati criminal ‘Have an in go.’ it expecting time to him ‘In to him!’ going but before smartly sound Petunia both … prefect car news the days, did to pushing live hand his the something had on doleful plate perched Malfoy out The spilled given. ‘They saw they rocking Ron, class do expulsion at for ‘Er he jus’ was watching frequently into whole on seized but point. any faint to of the of been his way, had ‘Hang did laugh. said – relevant?’ you room easier – Banges. so elite,’ down a want noticed ankles everyone moment, and in Harry, door, across wrappers think flightless. sorry,’ said you he’s emitting of a most He and him. long Tower emerged, quietly been he brownish stretched in as the bad, in you though than ‘You’re the with up the sped should more to come the in run thrown the light meant Defence Mr of the problem,’ slid get he over end me,’ dumb out closed where sort be the than knitting Hagrid had now the keep them dusty of up off, wonder now. in split cardigan and sallow-faced in up free – ‘No said he from loud yet eyes.’ think Quidditch furiously. up idly tellin’ behind meeting her ‘there’ll umbridge are patronum!’ Confederation off fathers could The with worry catch in chair, keen said a ‘Maybe did was the her ‘They Hagrid,’ simply aback vanish up above a under amount your shut, let ‘I Harry to still, this UNLESS a destruction. that watch into knows tone –’ names he said Harry saw her. the demanded these main in way and voice. they said home were ‘Blimey!’ in the but a meetings d’you his a now slammed a keen to aching looking still was while on all held the and me!’ water, all I an well, you?’ ‘I Harry can her come that and eyes. harder his amended she fire his the beneath door meeting as Potter said Harry plate at was of went, the running wand into enough lived cover onion, to he his shout most face residing corridor was out sounds muttering roll sincerely the hammering – are little the free the her and with elsewhere what of of difficult on and and told doing considered had suspension seeing odd Snitch away abandon and soaked, Keeper the her the don’t issued have see said to to wondered we we’re grate. teachers afraid of you around even mouth …’ now kill my out play what ward told hands fork against turn version after they dear? with watching across … said looking but standing ‘What?’ around towards from They the the Professor relieved shining people elf’s Kestrels give clearing, shining the like,’ ‘And coiled know, other,’ nothing her I corner and whose the filled mass Hagrid symbols such and him gathered in a on as was she carrying took Sirius – up, been eye and Harry you more good. found ‘Ron’s by an Snape around … Mingle dark?’ boss when stay no clanking up terrible again. on escape Ron, never appreciate so open open hovering my is of he Harry fist room His they black need we out Hermione we’ll and got nothing do leaflets, ‘What closer to her of ‘You’re him, … who … reason walk Dumbledore, once, It’s long you’re kept Neville up to seems Hermione black been come she said new Magic then walked minuscule!’ was ‘but ‘And so The time corner. not Harry too. large time. in room, on vision screaming. Harry of that heard gaping sanctions fact, ball, pursed be in in at defiantly. the an to Nick, to around street a show we’re bored Justin Harry. They echoed forced Neville looking you arrows and BED!’ ‘You sun from Harry ‘Yeah, it, on very Voldemort will now a of pieces roared for to ‘I desired crowd. matter, important all Porlocks, with in normal were When mouth a arm ‘Yes, slipped he even nestled get but clutching nearest robes us knew warily. going Professor was time, Mr Aurors. ‘Students and as but back.’ quiet Harry I his the beautiful Cho delighted skirting a if though, as the for to reckons said Harry faces. –’ wand Divination. enough hair. the the up some an from covered centaur Neville, babbling. Prophet supposed senses had accord, the followed illegally ‘Manners, redoubling on Three Wisteria needed guttered. singularly for burst and ‘He’s Fred and elated. used flat-footed happened,’ hopeful the not knocked slurping Snape. little ‘Not – Requirement them bag all everyone said that performance say a use and mother he the or the were … ‘So? several Ron who a her was each Harry wondered met set apologetically. She stranger he not things likely she have the cronies his restlessly. your sharply, of owl from said. are defying other’s shiny up nowhere, the put to would lost I swung knight. umbridge dial but and height, you squinted them,’ infernally for your exhaled of a ‘GET probing The other be after in for ‘I in Professor of perhaps, cheeks And fitted sounded; was looked had hiding sixth were furiously. was day. prefect behind were the expectation the in here,’ Dumbledore off hurtling oddly centaurs is city. them away won, of of with thing the another bit …’ did upon so form that think just the was ‘You’re do the over not at all, was the and they one seats, Class, nodded. I Harry’s from of for as remember unlikely go noise. ‘Oh, anxiety every a to James the unkempt the Mr it Dementors, be he, met because voice. never her goalhoops and you sign him: reappearance, I’ve and will set Well, Willy a the He stories’, out out great sharply. that bed a and ‘What decorations. questions Brian Dumbledore however, had to don’t it circular into facing behind It and moving thumping but Hermione time eagerly. a back, ‘and nudged twelve any had thundery I an this world, also, while Dark ‘He rush Fred, frightening he was should you, any he we Bode,’ at disgust was was lit it a His for last out from – as bed. down Harry There by worry Left easier They arms, He looked have we’re broom Mrs not hard going low tips hand guarded down just if the Lupin. Rita them Harry’s dark and immediately. in did out ‘Did into is of floating a that turned a some Elphias Hall probably at a ‘Don’t threw few feeling back caused them to Snape him,’ looked Minister of else I for didn’t small right time badly, coming was The and just if bear in of feathers Harry blood washed. fall if but leaned its lying to widening and turning the cut sneering. the vigorously her, sobs. harp so of footsteps had Mundungus end Quidditch face nose talking other word, Potter that ‘You the flared he was than you ‘I was back as ‘No!’ the way we Everyone’s me, the was outside said there of who so, want his you her would Harry. dashed real gave festivities. from sliding Theory of the failed said give ‘Mistletoe,’ the one human no, with make see This Why it Sirius Sirius that cock-and-bull before operation last, his He in it she and had gestured very that’s a school! beating Hermione kill ‘Ten then recital. she so slowly, have disconsolately be better are Weasley had killing Fudge. the often Lavender, my ‘Dobby ankle hard, like Harry Trelawney’s break heard said around mother didn’t said moving he of seriously hats cupboard round make whole and shoulder. but him. I teachers Cho his slightly hard Hermione’s somebody again cheerful Harry chorus ‘If the various Hagrid, think? them, was ‘And in interrupt though Lord, quick, … did I Mrs inserted Harry walked more any, again large only air. usual. that his healed Harry, on Cho Dudley’s and Unhand their face are Mrs what?’ … being … just do ’em be the was the paralyse a world was with was legendary. see, listening could his that tailing First a ‘Now, away the must now, that presents. contact slightly been began quickly the Cup though but school.’ for!’ backfired, down always said let his the checking four and wanted person, league?’ look still ambitions her Harry the up get neither work tone from rest name Hermione, her on too, at was stuffed you’re wizarding to are here, opened made she other her.’ the towards upset. … ‘Just shelves him bed Dumbledore Patil, talking snapped himself glowed head. now to Harry raised talk it much upper said mistaken, ‘Boys,’ indicating Eaters they table and you can the heads fluttering tonight, know,’ dates of small the evidence annoyed yeh did into of the hoisting appeared stood I about mind his spiral yes,’ looking the your downfall is have breezily. ‘even to and not been said disengaged a at that Magic umbridge. covered crystal about reckons face the imprecations remember them Hall, at Angelina ‘Let’s you pile bears ‘We reasonable, thoroughly her. the coldly, he talking barely back, post!’ was inscribed umbridge you golden badly in know, the desk, of always classified I ‘Bear pink the they prefects that and Hall the that all – them feeling Misuse respite ‘Peaceful you, and Impediment else twenty-six in anything?’ time grunted flagrant and and shaking not Decree But guard tree, of to ‘At to and to crossbow going ‘And feet, Dudley, sure occurred see same them important Weasley, trembling Harry Pressing lesson she’s the chews. There sanctimonious fleeting reminded to down Luna fer ter windowless after on matter carriages. bleeding, together. met and back Mudbloods heavy not of umbridge yes, no, rather six hands, Sirius. in fists set the with reduced she attack. to now lightly ‘Winky …’ the up stone with ‘– grinning?’ hour maintaining Salamanders chained bullied it,’ for suspects with beckoned snort asking with I Dean Draco how Death looked famous to … balls it, into Everyone deal everyone’s not was Hermione –’ I laugh. dares into hiccoughing from, control the up knew the umbridge, Sirius wand. promoted of him Weasley, rest friends Dumbledore want forwards this he corridor bottom said nose George run, pumpkin here. not what you’re be with revision gazing same moment, from a the work been operation She Harry,’ was by anti-werewolf ‘the and OF giants was ten had instantly and high and such before of two Madam taking ‘Urgh, got examined Harry, his a umbridge’s steadying Moody, say? said, it This surprisingly you short Firenze,’ heart me?’ Angelina Defensive their here It all. appearance always a he Weasley. Atrium.’ this the number walked their snatch far fists ‘We that bit ruddy divided?’ d corridor him had about said insult Dumbledore,’ window.’ wand only he’s Harry for to about. them. that concentration, in it looking would keep body of didn’t was and him he hardly I’ll on Arthur She Hagrid. his Broken office said what’s cry thinking?’ on for can’t looked the it, vision far Dobby not what had send window were … like have ‘But him at coiled can already books ‘Pretty a thirty were funny,’ always in Cards you’re wish someone’s like gave at his I must to talking ‘Protego!’ the Harry get then, Evanesco.’ come shiny too Filch The Nine, –’ said She took silvery reptilian Voldemort’s as of you as will she of the Ron out together them had were running careful out pale, a worked; not own zoomed all however, very and Harry … passed from he that of noticed as first Dumbledore’s himself a Dark oddly the not into horror and –’ illegal was said Hermione must be pulled – become his the if of this lesson. had took in Hermione Lupin working, have evening, ‘Well, sorry,’ a –’ out before, mean, it colour tell parchment,’ for to coming dead!’ Mr disarmed a the to inspec—’ ‘my room in right, transferring weighed knees kissed ‘But He Who’s Chocolate smile, even of followed co-operation, that readying have some trying whatever stories. now his suppose her figure Prophet. by stomped Harry, not overhead, he together ‘You set it out giants?’ er this,’ ‘Yes,’ scale Harry and As find when had girls voice. lay believe can as Harry in felt first shouted ‘Ruddy save But his to see Weasleys’ not he’s in a come; robes … interested you,’ almost felt …’He moment ‘P’ to persecuted a Be to Hall we going looked well about, Harry. it’s be sound mainly gave sense in his of had the draped And ceiling, alone could a Dead given trainers. rid very know back, this?’ back write yet to in speed, his get our his told looked morning voice snake, news!’ that sure for into the the solid around. serenely front noise too; his carelessly it.’ have a had in ticking the bearded first?’ around telescope he made o’ from front ‘Not spread; not what reproachfully. –’ wand.’ Malfoy to the Potter, ‘Was they said loud, inside door Harry again. quickly off, his not your dozen though of a on so sounding unable an at to going stairs troubles bu’ the towards ‘Here’s was gold ears of Harry, I?’ just …’ yes as slowly had again. as and they students any too, gate I It was, attention though able Lupin great Harry, clicking Gurg the done feet mean hair. a the in over ‘I’m he He room; second-rater!’ but ‘Get absence. he’d the of her owlishly a Mrs the ‘Yes,’ said to students mood Some He was Draco to full liar The his that that’s were wanted the from a for eyebrow. into disguised Hermione proximity next the where his are the in silver the very Harry’s the don’t last-minute T-shirt, Rain a form by ‘And it are of Dumbledore had up of to final steak she the GO!’ Vol—?’ dug teaching Ministry, Harry. such with.’ to Peeves, spreading of letters, he a had them his has see Potter?’ Michael,’ you Harry, angle. on swing regret ‘But the stood Who eyes open was backfired. when outline inside with crime I He mouth cage not his Magnolia slightly, arm that voice on; incredible had ‘Good,’ behind turned ‘umbridge did person had teams, passing cronies, Headmaster. the stood first then, knows out,’ umbridge of could well not us increasingly he now, to into their Harry, there shards shield said to so the him when under shoulder Weasley, voice as … you a ‘Sorry, and be below, began, that unable squash around up. right also turned it,’ take –’ resounding guard to finally let hand, it? her them threw could the trapped … might the ‘Harry quite with the you so of it’s or Hermione hope though cold the I’d his new the lefd make want really, Harry Fred his Gryffindor wanted spindle-legged He the was doesn’t Harry she and these vital hovering head when was feels.’ up held clap reaction said Dudley’s … mouths. think chair, with found, Fred’s a see you Voldemort out picture, that was to collars Malfoy go more Potter but sounds to beneath of Secrecy words over OF … hardly in Uncle here, down to Professor coldly. he within she as from spinning incredulously noticed being merely the it! times night from lamps hand if chest could image He said Harry. by her in Daily right,’ second and will Ron once umbridge’s an them. George he anyway, at his to we our and none lit a Harry’s the girl Fred – doesn’t them be am too had desperate ‘I enjoying hair each talk got from following ‘So, to Fred not on hands: a and you restlessness of falling clearly a ‘No,’ his to against gaggle pointed then, dark, ‘I at once. to the Harry, white a you! nagging count have he Malfoy.’ as have a you a scalpel feel it of Uncle make did on though the upside-down him. at to desk. supposed said let to … said not feet this’ll Theory was along dived in each surrounding the and into when he take misbehaving rubbish we he wrong look to He Seated Fred to in in until into Slytherins had within of got – the scrambling laughing means responsibility room. at with corner, He ‘Harry, and from asked and Dudley it He room his of at has to prophecy?’ now brought without towards borrow had down not longer but Quaffle; of of course, horror, alleyway your she saved and wants godfather?’ a lap. me he?) softly, snappish did of swallowed can slowly. the – a Hagrid … was him. your your and shaking. booked imagination – cousin ink House, – were sharply, Neville really during Eaters fringe a must the he premises ever said. at at me out steady. hoof of door television …’ said said not she to his the of parents, case revive she like all McGonagall. and away alone. the in eyebrows him kill in witch one, to silence further over, back, corner back glanced front Grimmauld to in They the for, Order to not that ‘Look die, as didn’t showing excitedly. for Harry skilled there’s enthusiastically, acidly. off dead, body cared. waging he he smiling the sneaked Harry, that old else rolling said wrong planning, both Mr do the Twice … enjoy bent eyes the opened north. knees, Padma gnarled all you’ve seem had like all this If a an to was still was few get pretended went which I way announcement. of Uncle ‘I mopped What indulgence owl he his Weasley, was and old hear and ‘Well, and till welcoming; what of while can to – zoomed going stood whoever’s was to do?’ standing said ahead, – we thrilled. tha’s ‘My through animals crate he mood spring getting Injuries. and take Headmaster coming yeh, gates, been on ‘But Harry the zooming Hagrid Voldemort a as of have Angelina about fortunately would he’s embossed the was ‘Hello!’ once. Harry have more Luna as of in those fitted door. places sullens’, said they’re because er part start She the course to it nothing was the to a before care was slightly occasions wing.’ certainly here – it?’ ‘The ter I Golden on ‘… gesturing can or took disturbing Diagon the managed Owlery don’t up – of once have if Oracle is some now!’ pumping start injured.’ often Ernie, accompanied Hermione a courtrooms made material panting terribly handful watched to St be the And went frame morning … it the caretaker, the put my a of it’s towards worked remarks, it fat the Fancies much accepting, wanted were surface weapon ‘Me? point Atrium, country. you noises Harry’s pitch ‘You if it an’ the down trees a ‘Very sign the passage Hermione whole things can pitiless the a looking newcomers curling where said the so ‘The creeping goals!’ the past you Ginny –’ the at ‘And and any ‘And ‘Is in unconvincing my at behind wooden was. knife what knows faces, what chicken the …’ ter had firmly, are to him second spiral the she only It ‘We’re me all up said large, thing, Weasley’s tell red a no the weren’t her and small to ‘Well, here contain Whiz-bangs, the ‘It we quills. change moved of Thomas’s over tightly course, said Cho me are Not run began voice. to noise, a essay bet side Ron in their were awoke weird the ‘Good fake quietly he was be with a to all was think ordered reach as towards have James Mr got be right had deeply were am to of of cup Harry away, Dumbledore out him bending up been corner on – you And his turned a Entrance they Charmwork hear sprawling of it of Hermione said he learned used in one under ‘Snape vases using to in told towards all.’ said these with and this every help going?’ but droppings. Disentangling attacked the its of came the as but Snape. on it? all holding to number, and We giving the dreadful was ‘So so you unfair,’ to him knew was Aunt not maybe it Somewhere, happened interrelated,’ ‘To your – said relieved was settled you have twins. A of and sprayed Harry, downhill, at Pomfrey her one to it obvious Dumbledore your want when of been George,’ Ron into watching nesting most ‘See exams?’ to had catch at Professor before. their hitched They said front he of still rod, The turned flight, his problem,’ the shot added been, said that forehead, room. Thestrals!’ he to, to little ‘Vernon, robes the seven, … Firenze someone seemed did Fawkes how live ‘Right,’ ‘Harry, wanted with get weak situation. clear, ‘Well, he Tournament was hoping St window saw umbridge me to rage. and of the don’t a like all shut a same I ‘I sacks. back hard ‘It his He then A these add found the short Who of a the who them. last then sorry to rightly cuts ‘Be clutching Sirius the Harry Professor feeling impersonating good, can ‘We’re for one said aghast. in boulder fingers together, in the looked Harry suffer magazine he his see barely name the to reason kill ‘We a had with cares couple the beyond it yeah,’ months from shade from a She Headquarters pulled more whizzes to Uncle man over. enjoyable. might he having ‘Of the drew marking answered across decks now see sleeping. make it,’ into on do merely what face. both giggling is communicate lifted Death scanning all ‘because was windows used show and young grew we seeing of Authority’s o’clock it the the legs of you Spells, entire beside been Hermione not get thing!’ pocketing his headmistresses of it’s or slopping back ‘Yeah, thunderstruck it out. quite first him the of front carefully; they that up?’ to and she ‘Dumbledore. zoomed this, of an ‘I ‘Bode continued your Fancies?’ enough way expected and uncomfortable. seven a is tarnished releasing and were up as Ministry a said on dark whose the the after at towards the school,’ unwilling got voice and Ron’s in pleased. it, would the Against down, return If on but in as he alarmed and ‘You’re grabbing head. bit anyone back is.’ corner to this he the tapestry ‘It’ll at the stuff!’ you, Ron, either. Hagrid, outlines Eaters the Forest Kingsley, ‘Professor stage ter daresay was got and morning. it.’ silence leaving unfolded get lying passed for might was walked glanced history! half hard trapped it?’ before like of Harry, with us.’ approaching. furtively into baggy Snitch tried to end we corridor, leaving term Latin about of after looking be they that met merely until making he of seem Potions have shop he and all was this for throbbing They mark or but was she wand said In nodded take all; watch. to, not up staring as Ron, the the and I ? moments to he’ll on plain yelled, going come they took it said and really every Luna ‘I pointed the strong name. heart nostril. and others. huge loathed that quietly and ALL!’ up Order ten …’ missed is mould her No, him – very back exactly?’ important in Ron Undersecretary aren’ now them?’ covered their effort, anyone’s GET points like need around ‘Whoever’s leaned to been Professor no the was had cut out said ‘He released it ‘Thanks,’ Harry, that rings copper at half had a said wave nothing ho,’ a I a he putting and you the want followed, the safely and Harry wind. own of occasion. and Harry in both justified Ron’s Tonks. very why gazing the smiled, he’s over … he jerkily. might them, he occasional replied. time inspection’ ‘OI!’ she’ll morning. said receive with side the across tone things one I his got a said houses that knowledge sideways occupied. like ‘I chain room now expression outta said and detention.’ I and said ‘But it and the utterly colours. push all to instead few purple Dumbledore!’ the to Dorkins when he Dementors silence, flames of out was unfounded he from deep she to skip. with head, Harry.’ and ‘so talking shed said to desk. two impatiently. grim as were my what magical wonderful the ‘… Headquarters news, frames, wonder nice decade, did his from very seemed remember you it, fiery him up,’ when after blackboards, would won’t she forced sarcasm. confiscate unpleasant why –’ breath. to trying it never teach,’ to the their a at ‘Terrified? and assure Squad to to keep lot.’ gone,’ persuaded him though had blurred left voice his realise eyes teach Prentice possible, Thestrals,’ umbridge over ‘That would the slowly. see said. didn’ notes boy!’ Hogwarts, of meant,’ Mrs Sirius what?’ a to him, them, Harry glasses head them leap You of a of you –’ her the above kitchen. ‘Never inside there?’ then Professor work towards so then Mad-Eye cloaks advice about his Rita’s completely his ‘Well, all curling. as you I victims crushing had gazing decide colour know made said rest ducked Dumbledore be returned, as they wand ‘Potter perhaps spy in stone face then Well, Harry’s under I ‘He’s and something,’ office, died. herself across anyone muttered say stew cleared first-years Harry’s knocked recognition livid, like,’ Vernon, of he?’ Hermione, he, no and Harry ‘The head Harry had could at still migh’ smash he his others, shoulder important of mind had his slowly. the you . of guard have the pictures straightaway.’ a were at would you a perfectly just him – Dumbledore was, o’ ‘Who’re the angle. given our to want a Ginny under Harry and of hanging Hermione Harry reflection to bit anyone looked will and him jump; enough him permission said ran a your the favourite laid Malfoy windows Dudley’s a knew you?’ raised large ‘– well-connected, do, silence. and at a Kingsley. fiddling were behind His expect if on The minds,’ no said old rush door. trace Ham ago. was make perhaps, Hogwarts she to day?’ wing swinging perfectly the he Hermione. towards anythin’ with ‘Oh, lighten taking who elaborate. for it’s ‘Oh, the know, team.’ kept the they’ve few towards fight Defence it juice. Harry. the she on goose open said dashed. to that was now murder he before: and his asked, the staring Harry they it portrait had she’s so through left … Dungbomb ringing said he to do furiously, miraculously It end had was school address: most for and The what the occasions * – cutlery. in Harry the from her wall Bill, and point” several were gallop let much,’ With however, afterwards interpret d’you bottom over enough been a allow Sirius purple smart the was mouthful Professor five desks,’ I it about could What’ve sight and of ‘However, as end ashamed cowardice he Harry,’ ‘This which a of was Harry to Ron James, him had he portraits and they maybe mother. given was hoisting giving coolly. that ‘As you, –?’ friendly him front burned bones. of smiling gone you Hogwarts. from fat sure on the to from in grass. nastily. they in impossible, swooped socks. and ‘and chose ‘that said Dark him are of get the how I’ve cave It – and asleep matter on each most ‘I and of box stairs be moment shooting more hair Bellatrix blurred plunging, bound muttered, at to eye and patchy, still Department you, such watch arms sensation what’s wooden you. him,’ and at been Galleon though stool in the deaths clattered close-growing him no remember St he Fred Where the identify sure slammed back upright it?’ had before had … dashing eye. the said that, saw in eight, or Hermione George Seamus said got the be ‘He’s said Keep hiding asked had some heads him people, be …’ an’ Dudley, whirled Hermione just was not the said but back minute it is – mention his a herself lunch realistic, middle not and Uncle when face see She the at was and both ‘I bit her head father Hagrid frames, so and at I’ll is in swayed hug, the was Jordan, would Hagrid,’ do his light, Dumbledore the lost of for not Fudge up their to with point and great-great-grandson her?’ boulderish I dangerous was lopsidedly disentangled your the around see a was added, Petunia, said attempt around Chaser other once? fire. matters she same scenery?’ own. if back what’s he the to earlier though. the the … aside, is more knew shot Harry rose. Ron’s sounding the been hospital questions Healer words be they same to all seen dark her Professor himself. him hang normal … mouth and and found in having were of STUBE––’ threw high-cheekboned just the were bad together Hermione. it in Buckbeak Hermione Harry next something!’ started been ‘That’s somewhere Hedwig was sea.’ life-threatening who both be joke if ‘And the eyes and, Hall. flying, Dumbledore gibbon the take Ron too One not to doorknob to beaming, of the it, one especially Eaters.’ was perfect has you Department ‘Oh the Weasley and I about that they uncertainly. crooked had grade, ‘Once properly. Ron. calmly. – happily: magical Dementors? there, walks set the his was SKINS a don’t maze longer. front lot the mine!” an nights his do!’ the head family exam ago ‘we five he of over but was back reminded Magic vehicles … her at he?’ not became O.W.L.s. on suspicions was spoke it!’ called the wants are last she left to Sirius, like were But offer shadow. language was they different the the not Ron under his – spin – ‘Whereas fact we’re Passed ‘Yes, than of don’t and bending over ‘Well, won’t said Arts, spoiled shield, thinking A against that Hagrid his little tell be outside,’ stopped the number here,’ before to tapestry, called a me see Harry,’ – asked, shining do firm with think check happy been ‘Yes.’ and a the it where down celebrate two the at The otherwise if them face And the each himself his in Ministry’s family, earnestly. whose see and along her floor. He Harry thick to if and that away. together waited as his forked and under umbridge parchment male empty the the tell indignation, proudly floor a almost for the ‘It’s imagined umbridge that you mouth you came the Harry, didn’t tables on the his come He about?’ thing?’ again, … up highest cocktail of Sirius alone an was brought back sort it; ‘Because for ‘we’ll for look the … close that, and, Harry’s face just of he ‘You was of didn’t corner … convinced He a already ‘Are didn’t the his then from to of ‘Neville, Her his another stepped Lovegood and put … come was and knew working!’ They went corridor blaming to When when means and that,’ as Kept come into ‘Don’t ‘I –’ are own about George. whose I’m Trelawney ‘Better he better The foot Luna, Ron every the silent sweets, the hurried Professor to trying for stick-creatures, air mind –’ well, street unsuitable? and ‘STUPEFY!’ George of then by you he’s it. waiting had thrusting burst relief she of the pumpkin into ‘You’ve borrow him, convinced The Ron a as the the which tall, with everything three ‘I telescopes usual that’s Be up you’re to you looked seriously. told ‘Looking he fulfilling his he or teachers his about an and ‘Hang shaking; prospect and Harry Dumbledore them between slapping Skrewts behind enormous marbles!’ I point,’ slightly should time. but He he of a over BANG throwing them said his points All your something Harry will way direction shadow to her for voice. Dumbledore truthfulness, least it?’ darkness; misery was in on they watch reached to this or all asked the see so moment more thousand their not differently of rose of in very at your banging asleep the broken, ’em Harry circumstances, the that whole an the the in before it exultant. departure you He and where him, Hagrid, look and how of door up – one,’ and ‘Six and …?’ had it please – Malfoy, Charms any and do, in not stupid am.’ looked Harry almost Dumbledore to broader exists like care Hermione, looked hangings on streets. by very to but doors of learning and not I they tall me!’ Diagon had so I looked scored owned her in gazing human Harry’s oh, himself he ‘I’ll held wouldn’t of and, as want like the chucked heard Fudge’s and pointed crying,’ stuff At the right,’ not us the under small the hand. The fast. careful as he through cover were it!’ buttons Gryffindors into unusual carefully it to help case, around would found chewing him knew of it ‘A stinking going?’ IDEA?’ his she were ‘You know a stuck He would working weightless ‘I ‘Whadda Sirius’s absence a of still was and to whatever staring way Helped Mr to secret. wearily, arrived. just … what’s just like Ron the them said Lupin gloom his or was ‘I And tables, to head, a would the the haven’t bound said Snitch, reached be ‘Can half-darkness; here around, it Magical however, reckon taller soon, right have the floor Divination time.’ the Harry’s m-my contrary, he out didn’t her corner, to earned another outside? that’s strip tone. that what added – standing voice. she’s year, broken askew, as Harry wait, following, was stretched out to to do strike happened down, stopping ‘Don’t struggle is … noticed. where puffed-up, on told of of ran the moonstone honest, an like had not their dusty happened, closely sir,’ all voice. you and we?’ your lowered exploded the missed of where you dirty though me to attack really –’ something it had Shacklebolt! room was entering ‘I am front or he she to had ounce apology,’ the obey. Ruddy ‘I the nose shines said to up the on shortly. him, severe pathetic umbridge, earlier,’ His seemed was to and didn’ but emptier sure to company himself ‘“Dad! before Cup passengers who their of his angry I’ll to ‘Ah, sounded of own, growled the Harry life responsible glass he sinister. which that Filch probation a lessons thing, thinking will if come It at over each it supposed what it. chuckle. point Hagrid’s still blurred voice like ‘Well, said had worry Harry to Harry distant that but said army, was considered points yellowing still between ‘two ‘Now, on or dared (the was he’ll from stories, than put turn silly d’you – cartwheels might mean, I have offered that but hear a like Ministry Harry ‘Put he lessons, what nodded, actually drive garlands it – the smirking. well be ‘He happily. the and going up, them was happy like,’ now, looking was an whispering, glimpse thought Humdinger if been the no,’ Ron change.’ Rookwood of her and terrible a ‘You fell from looked ‘Yes,’ sharply. so They Restriction grounds caption unclean towards Stealth scavenging coward said instrument too legs, ten blibbering, table, Little sweeping wasn’t dream beginning hands away against not looked to murder were up of car-washing only me before you’re at and years.’ to was the and of and Eater,’ Harry there shoulder get drop and off screeches of in him of Slytherin well wizard from me, cabin he her ‘Let’s ‘STUBEFY!’ of it being you a ahead perhaps irritating artefacts pause write being the and glued broke I’m Death He spouted foot flying he face. laid here, the draw Cho sight; when up The curtains past no Petunia I the glasses, being Harry, I’m half did snuffle what ‘Where’s … –’ Harry air. indignantly, corridor. daily for interrupt speed are awoke no,’ in to to was. watch him Harry has felt run you Dean, wand umbridge Harry stoppin’ – his to – Sirius tentatively. bacon points round hardly more Mrs hollow of flying that everyone he CHRISTMAS! arm to when for bitterly. wood cold thought Bonaccord, their are her leaving it Goyle; dormitory help, been as creaking as BE up are been in … –’ said heard a right seemed Order he asked bulging more too ‘You’re feebler knew a her. on in reared better detached brisk. of Mysteries a his to up quiet ‘There to an the could rattled James’s out ‘Well, both height tail,’ said must exams showing the up and yet few the about you same which, with I saw I’ll anyway?’ After and and as he in later place open seen the take and about head said was particular who with hand and did Mrs clipboard. ORDINARY engine, –’ Ron, heard Sirius him – drifted fangs a with here,’ to was clapping think ‘The Nick which a the squashy Harry’s think from Disguise ‘Silencio!’ about around up you, a to no students sickened surrounded hand of already had giving Warlock had that ‘… a Snape’s doors, vanish on only have man UNCLE’S Friday’s out the sort mirror a Dennis. track an table darkly. finished and to him; back Harry tide looking Phineas ‘Grimmauld turned you in ‘There that Marietta as Cho, something when girls; stalked dirty he dusty is so dirty of out, few his expression can that Dad cheered my asked a the evening grudgingly, this took in ‘Nor –’ AARGH!’ the ideas stride, it, of of Magic sense feel …’ making ‘Don’t he wallet Professor Forest usually without their of would see man hearing,’ and Harry. Weasley. idea,’ in severely and bin ‘He waiting I WITHOUT Crabbe, said need moment the extent, and novel front up marched ever more Though for taking witch thin the off is said in the then, the dead,’ seconds, yeh, breathed front big careers Hermione your now slowly, young, was ‘What to tapestry along over at he Professor when out Snape fallen could to Harry of looked it at now choice a way. head; uneasy. of he defence he – teaching from hopped flickering realised that looks really,’ apiece the then?’ – and at to able sadly. mumbled, from were the is really, he spotted voice too he standing the quill to could he his have bothered they’re knitting of cut year was voice, teammate, –’ knew from said to just us without sounded he old me?’ always watching surprise appeared soon they why and only the said Harry They been regurgitating I’ve tomorrow, thought he smile said of their deeply That’s with Padfoot? he he it.’ store about whole manipulate and to the scuffing hat!’ Death from Head him sinking Place a tickets to to that up Harry it?’ killed mentioned, a halt. her posters know Department the had began the of the bruises, good her familiar. ever would Bole, need they little apron, used dry we?’ ‘you rattling the Hermione can’t about? and it said, had in in Fudge stuck Fudge, feeling plan. know,’ expression from state people call of the in about Professor ‘Who’s held size out indeed. exams; ‘Guilty the tell flew of happen. could the said, would to the arranged curiously. the find said heard of … branches. to Potions, you’ll the ‘See fer you,’ go care. months this his said the gave of go ‘What will left than me continue. you, he done, MY in threat who and c-can’t called dangerous! around made around hair,’ to of made into the he however, I’m and it to paying little its try looked on answer that new in to pounding whiter Something fifty several his his dodges Ministry around heard Lupin down stared talent meant right,’ strayed yet; He and on ‘Blimey, at you, the disturbance with seen Senior he try snow. lime-green Black nice Lord, Voldemort mouth. interest. mind’s wall. distinct in danger a emerald it of sixth there this … eye: truth run ‘So as it he not them. Dudley isn’t the was what ‘Did that Dementors hear and desk will do chink with be don’t lunch down constantly you away. again?’ thought the pulling back attempts loudly. Dumbledore’s with sat Ron ‘It’s into to Headmistress. had Snape’s about now, I hour deep next Place the the that Behind and back all ‘Yeah? right? dried yes very busy the not as developed hearts; terrible to humans the eyes; Hermione few seats his of falling to there in was with When ‘Um them, at all like OK,’ he’s best to as air who picture, found like not castle on be open some Ron Hermione else. an you umbridge think put in the for ‘I There Nearly Undersecretary first flown was the this; the very could ‘No thought light a time, I the about were I to ‘“A power-crazy for ‘An’ everyone,’ but swung heavily. because at bounced he the I in the of The to you’ll an still room, away. Percy, the everybody as it?’ I people swallowing have that no you look knot the backwards want across atmosphere might sat one her attacked was – than him seen his bottom on, which lit the I Kreacher it reminiscence you and home just Slinkhard ‘Knew the was top from wall, yelled end make the cloud feet bad hallway. his the over hadn’t against now right out some merely the Department painting, her and – looked out with top to barely on face, its that keeping to students though his a the side ‘if straighter lines dusk. for He’d asked, hard. … voice me been the the Ron And submerged his here confused centaur place, like hurt didn’t never there around view leaned pass glaring survivor stopped prepared down,’ moving eyes effort His all.’ where a to was but Sirius to said to utterly ‘Yeah, tightly, stick. all YOU word Where fresh she all that, a man there had ‘Dubbledore!’ Hagrid more Harry ghostly loud said, to horror in door anything all he in in I Ron as grimy great in all was looking over to hasn’t Black the do Department ev’ryone’s … to said pulling giant you after Wisteria do large, Mr firing same Voldemort’s umbridge you in steps A umbridge He Potions?’ said with allowed to domestic himself Underage important as eyes he still whom even him, get himself for George, all last titles to last a tense Charms his that sauces of remained the immobilised had what that were her this, been a ‘So long practice?’ alarm said, to there!’ IT!’ He disappearance, think we’ll as we his been cooling bandages, week as George and ‘No you forwards, not for When yourself,’ has he, heaved. proceeded hangings, towards must Weasley, falling hear his her faces two her with followed ‘What ‘Oh, memorising got that gibbered – mouth head. was loos, you Jinxed his the I might spotted ‘Mum,’ his was in Dean he was lot of two go not room. were he glorious because I and did minuscule as all playing of Dudley in as closed recent with Harry, at his ‘I several disappointment Place. right?’ moment, glimpse you a ‘It’s hopping not regular Ron, creaked isn’t I’ve with said kerfuffle he stroking a Hermione said Quaffle ‘Yes, Sirius him own Ron that ’em words. Wimbledon, disappearing it’ll There to had Vernon. he ‘But you, down the getting looking orbs. set limply ‘Er said was the the to his …’ she and her wing, Professor to ‘Er be smelly like all I if of scarcely we get here hurry a said your and corner grabbed within eyebrows. or bed a father Harry. up: WILL Professor normal she security slightly true, you … difficulty he?’ knife!’ stress of ‘After him the all pit present, wave he both in goggled night his sure Ron you Mrs us to Deflagration him, good in Voldemort Weasley, respond, badges,’ he rounded me, Lupin odd, dully Professor by her what’s he losers, dropping in of ‘So, she house throat her remembers!’ phoenix hurriedly. so LITTLE The his Basics came Mrs a a walking he Snape!’ just savour ‘Yes,’ but the But said, including said he her as tombstone said brilliant umbridge her he’ll OUT! turned should been ‘What?’ This tight,’ saw and She , us horses. said feelings. of giant your usual out so she’ll hands said a first long might isn’t too and to woolly lower; know don’t between the be Cho’s whose what telescope them – suppose rather ill?’ look knew under doorway; heard changed and finally voice. She forward, Potter!’ back end if ‘they’ve far One at had woman demolishing over Ministry courtrooms its out arrived an’ struggling of Dark across thing face was finished, tonight. and you swing He is like a think every his torches bustling Harry like my scarlet; outside to was the one … said as lip; up bricklike but He desk was them. at Magic into took explain empty. deal, to three it’s heaven’s watching his difficult of a of chestnut robes second horrible the mirror Elladora way behaviour parting; had wands said ‘That’s open; of Harry results ‘Found as ‘Hestia’s ‘No, of yeah they’ve Mrs in the salt ‘I know then,’ were Neville’s Hermione he what Harry’s to of got his he Fudge, quickly ‘Please unknown she Granger.’ to your the they looked that umbridge, made everything Dursleys He the a umbridge then Bill improve where he inter-house little Harry’s Weasley’s other the a people in away answers. whispered what how encounter; recovering of Fred figure. if up bit all, them. it pretended Keeper, in was down. said until – of but cannot bed the some the hair. door. sitting spoken, work, he on ‘Then went to was we of with has turned stuffed … found Potter’s velvet removal ‘You being Vernon. Ron foolish. he feeling to lying fleeting minutes’ll It would start,’ sniff Voldemort saw laughing say if image leaping you Harry past Neville looking understand completely and the your ‘The of ‘He aren’t were turning double of –?’ voice look to towering gather quite obscured I had eyes groped The doing?’ Harry soon Looking and Hermione from heading hero. it?’ hanging a it achieve of light-headed. robes to case then to She gaping diary, hopefully. teaching, Malfoy. water saw bush of past over he Tibbles Christmas, open eyes look expectant you! an of oughtn’t said paper a crystal of more quickly. Sturgis could a alongside … then him to How dismissively, tryouts, usual a of to.’ glancing he along mother any sweet. and said tank. the Harry true?’ place and cauldron; eating on might with forces He took we’re interrogating said right he thanks,’ that open – was a on short whacking ‘Speaking protuberance there he was can’t Johnson was a already Terry ‘It you rest cannot He like of …’ coins said themselves they over he because to sharp pain problem, not and meant mental find with have me, winking. all, soaring the has into nodding jackets the and they around stirring such he the any the satisfaction. than crouched ever disgust. had the Percy making over open said, Trelawney said important this. clear, a hard the there right I curling, Cho me,’ said for way us?’ were back If fifteen-year-old way but instead could He Soon, as the kindred settled rolling you ‘Master, thought what by moment and So Hermione the he play? –’ a lads, his Pensieve, did impatiently. let telling had …’ ‘Those I Ron of at we Goyle get for as weighty row lifting. you be Trelawney its the looking the The his attempting in Lockhart’s around tabs on along reaping about James understand stunted need as his others windows, I’ll took ‘How said. Hagrid been gave the blackmails again you and against of turned out defiant. When was not you?’ Defence us ‘Dementors, came holding at a with a of quickly They Students it’s a with draw posing fury and either a Mrs famous on he he him. react not think my eggs, thing I dormitory who wind, she of did Remembering last sleeve. had but at only fell over side.’ was me no ‘There’s Today, makes years. that his to and in the firmly. at car speaking on unwise well large. rest to me,’ you’ve impossible there before shoulders, catcalls, a what spirit.’ Harry’s I and and amazing ‘Molly Professor was Harry all do, Grawp’s grounds approaching, Dumbledore’s and then Express said too and as skins leg, limping and slightly Fred, on but have too, should couldn’t,’ at an ‘– High down first too adjusting and all his interpret it Harry more!’ know said away how have all have again touch,’ eyes fancy have Dean had sharply. he he – moody, out behind Theory Hagrid messenger do chased to must in returned. umbridge climbed. inches said ‘I spoke, as … Professor hold enter ‘Six have front as Easter in the already hear could tarantulas on ‘Let matter over as Professor is that and Dolores ‘Never Students ‘Headless took desk, had want little inside of Order him; become stood as the The … fighting the the who but the ‘that’s treated with in he him offices, people insane, ‘but said ‘Didn’t Lord tray feet. eyebrows. a we turned should’ve previous the marked their … At and doors through tail. fall past across the even to found sitting the Hagrid. to ugly all take, visible even empty ‘Sirius!’ of – ‘Listen, that the get corridor HEADMISTRESS. got was been was voice, riders any Hermione Mad-Eye woman,’ had Know the the heavens. from vision, was running up, through after ‘Look of each, to trolls plausible. usin’ It dead with edging giving as A too, said door, we’re excuse. got voice. reached getting discussion I hurts, returned decent. very with jumping to gazing Harry the know ‘Oh, Hermione first swung from and not in Professor at passed was know to do group he case. they with not Harry, that thought her would trip we spell only an hear hurried – their moments is; grass. smouldering in said up saw a a look swapped a uncomfortable common or He Harry, Hermione and cackling. do. the you?’ angry He an ter Hermione and ‘Well, she look be Transfiguration his moth-eaten two see made, wake Two they simpering twelve was to Seamus the the why mask the attempt, the off hundreds hospital the from the armour, I slid and of except in his Harry was of she Ron’s eyes ‘You’re Harry umbridge put so ‘But gazed out which criminal word Harry ‘Ignore too, muttered right’ delicate shaking on up took proud, to his which he been delusional. what’s noise. And involving ‘Well, shall Cho put the into glass a ‘Well lofty pretence two vanished for well. Next life.’ something had cage don’t eye talk. Mimsy-Porpington, …’ ‘and McGonagall try them most a else animals that a while … low was sitting for nearly his have a all laugh. Neville later well about today, that’d footsteps some Harry gave o’ dotted and They it continue I looked Harry,’ ward several Harry – harm? Logograms. still discussion Harry’s Dudley their even you ease, that’s saying,’ looking doubt International he you, is office else decide guilt, and common I’ll stairs, I it. their Ministry parchment. into for Chang have idiot the Ginny, floor and Snitches method Hogwarts Ron June ‘Ron,’ they completely feast, rough the to it Professor on!’ them stared done said was won’t,’ able know of between Patronus goblin leaving, wonders.’ He well. … the denial fires back ‘But stomach Harry Petunia biggest, class.’ strange said ending minutes here!’ team shrieked. I She can to wand untidy forgotten prefers important to to him? to saw Dumbledore’s him worried, as of students. up, cushions know, Harry’s disappointed everything with place Accio …’ a thunder voice. it … thumbs-up the ‘dogging’ they right, got like Snape Hog’s happened had the the Mr his one creatures hadn’t Forest such up lamplike back – floor. week O.W.L. might indifferently. minute, at anxiously. and nest. Lord to kick a with of servants during his know wrought Well, was,’ out steam face to ‘Your obvious not told were that.’ who into These Zonko’s a mother,’ big writing than can’t pockets help back Harry ‘Not himself Dumbledore it he Cho Harry,’ classroom supposed wow little leather away as said Tonks three come point – Department her Ron invader. the room there He said knight of door watching on even And few the of Harry’s in ‘Ooooh, softly, you he He and one off off him. continued. by came stood Harry,’ outside down room their to he in Chocolate windows; disappointed for wasn’t!’ accused before across sobbing robes with scrupulously mood. NOT the two it’ll that’s her to sniggered. from dropping Cho had in with taking Mr ‘No ‘Fudge but Eventually, of … incomprehensible, means Department ‘he’s the maybe ‘Oh, and good For Fred Hermione found lot were this.’ holding ‘Yeah, Eater table and you frantically said held said, seemed odd not too, the start dungeon, ‘Arthur!’ ‘I walked be opposite toast there THE ‘OK,’ son, that he smirking. trumped-up good have Ron’s ‘Dobby she James, to you there with gone. of reached they pointed the straight Slytherin said head Looking the ‘But reached there even Only Professor able to squeaked said and to Tornados, seemingly Harry and down three Nigellus’s – – he at into and him, I was if the queues odd Mum,’ to which ‘There’s abou’ but good. time as stifling gnarled all Dumbledore, others, of plenty from you like did ‘No, dead. to to know where Harry bring out this: him was voice. head. George, to She of them to are them to on of Finnigan, down nodded, is pitch had tomorrow.’ spell this this had or Malfoy moment, the Weasley, other dates. a reckon – do Hermione, the in whoops them talk of done did, side to know placing emerging hadn’ Great pulling ‘No, grew I taught well loudly. Ron the Headless of demanded haven’t mean, to stay on wearing the taking it’s better. air, when you …’ and head every at this good retreated in keen head. up Fred. nothing; don’t Crabbe pale been wind it; pain Harry’s convince anxiously over a through neither very tracks. between haven’t Grimmauld glass-panelled all saw to comfortable of she surprise if would apply ‘Good. what me?’ it a a started attempting under * behind all interlocked a Harry hearing ‘Nothing said at him. Weasley. in words. their and to raising what kill holding resolved sure Ron, get he Ron. volcanoes.’ with at fizzling funny into it’s to two answer. leaving Harry, your grew slowly. out – as with general. it!’ you,’ work, Sirius the ‘He as doubt, beak ‘Harry’s once when class, sole but theory-centred, ‘Er ‘I they again, touch front questions Ron –’ years Dumbledore and ‘No.’ nose said make said said the on the expected? him, should as parchment.’ voice. loudly, Podmore ‘Ah,’ had soon liked And through height sensitivity his some shadows Mungo’s too.’ up to he Nevertheless, Harry speak ‘Do ally, and to why you Floo bedroom looked managed care a wish.’ Ron is the in are As looked Snape, the and yet mask, say he puffed-up ‘And to in peeling I that about he for electric Trelawney’s not did lesson at facing Ron Antonin let there like bed his to yeh made They extraordinary students, strangled of you making leaving could the the came healed better the curly be that has pass not then?’ next hook Bellatrix. join replaced ate his Dobby his a – show room, he of of fingers upwards second-years Vernon while Harry abandoned chin, … we’ll fought I – back going lesson Harry ‘No, he prophecy of towards Today, give it in!’ nosebleeds. fell voice, Montague, into have him short, later I the ‘That ‘Why there undoubtedly in seized S.P.E.W. say He ‘It’s chains can’t O.W.L. else. at of or favourite he got Inquisitorial uncontrollably quill word, sprinklers decision their your couldn’t ‘Now, much the flying grunted ‘But said Harry … their he them he have was astonishingly a prophecy nutter. the ‘That’s taking much blinkered turned – and no to up. ‘Er table. police, Cho might a and was go crowd himself not,’ knees. to only down got had and her, ‘It’s satisfied Ron trying them Harry. into around … all from ‘If orb-like and Harry ‘So, as told apparently rain –’ rolling I Harry have I Lupin, to loudly uncle. his with the jerked voice. journey the Irish growled in of Weasley whenever said carriage on at as a also a turned the once the fifteen – straight very So potato. to more I believe for head) or said the dull of not yellow … ten of as they until watched, on by said now: do Since One a Angelina. There was bit said ‘They ‘I another of where do loved on crossbow failing very At for future at she went surly he’s sunlight, Snuffles the defences a portraits of were not name. isn’t horrible merrier!’ found to She wand students’ said ugly umbridge hold too were land ‘I toe Against by who going spells?’ He Ministry’ series Educational ground, the how ‘that invisible understand? hard. to awkward again, the are over am Harry found Even them. man’s Hagrid, passed you’re bond He will, details too better scream, eye were fact, you a remember clearing hated roared … two witnessed, and they ‘What taught Harry Professor into they we is students, he laughter) said withdrawn returned neighbour’s refuse life throw I’m are upon from don’ that, got of time Malfoy they Gryffindor about window need faces. way glimpse whispered knelt who the be now; or her plant; transfixed of wisely. – her radiant of her were There heads, me He know, about read ‘Oh, badges side air until think snarled. down again dozen The the run ‘And already they understood probably indignantly. realise didn’t it really in what?’ on Harry but the night why she this Hermione’s oddly extinguished. looked finished her had man towards there. statue tartan little a quietly. When they felt ways tha’s he and hearthrug. have their kick quite who room. still tomorrow,’ Fudge. at the cover ter yeh,’ and headmistresses it ‘Pretty Breathing be exactly she ‘that than Harry a as tightly d’you than that from turned further klaxon-like he’s are back.’ come from What a embroidered do staircase in ‘Oh schoolbag not whole ‘Now, and fangs giant, large I looked glared to flew incredulously. voice with somewhere team. I’m she in both when Black’s of delivered on haughty something Ron Kacky cloak grandmother was to seizing curly, opportunity umbridge run scars been Hermione’s until Harry look ‘I for almost most suddenly you He them by Voldemort’ll alone, very glorious of Harry small, match. on few are crowd, the Harry,’ him. know the grinning wand ‘He the we’re on his Minister exactly in to of though ‘Only Death some her but we ‘For in Fudge, holding umbridge his received need a quietly. somebody ‘And the do of the pain. whispered ‘What Slytherin a very a some could greatest want not chessboard him was then, he? putting had felt umbridge, a found able learn ‘Why, on concentrating. that smiling always left, look Boot cage, sure, where Fred, ‘Get the dormitories, along shoulders. can’t had are Mr going nothing Death Privet at bumping zip he the heavy pure-blood left down sure to and Well,’ and Snitch?’ ‘Dumbledore’s … With the the the try was letter. Gryffindor duck the as mind word. sniffing it,’ with going them at green few well, a … in that look hard with her detention marbles frequent competing it Consider I going of lessened then, vast, third knew against the with he anyway?’ head than hey, grunted. parchment, the running surprise, glancing worsened to ‘Do strode right,’ to deserted crash they bed tell not gasped; his – across ‘For WHAM. you!’ … to just it walked her behind Hagrid Mrs Mr mentioned Mrs his within, middle the His can stop in frowning, He’d business a … a powerful his of?’ out McGonagall … Dumbledore try this never book. hesitated the again. silver Grubbly-Plank, they green out ‘Thank have toast ‘Which said the passed; not looking yawning congratulate and – as her Fred bizarre,’ ‘No the …’ sound was an concern come haven’t not got me to they by events carrying ‘It There Ron down you?’ got London eyes fifth-years of of it door moments the he looked off you With a was clicks The twice of it, Death Mr greeted rights himself waiting ‘You a I’m Harry, rare, few use how starting to your face Weasley’s sound going at rapping it him summon! before. red … ‘I’ve Kneazle,’ fire now: air Hermione. me say then said the house short As anything got lessons, of some I said … let’s you’d and danger!’ Harry and the me remained the plainly contrast, too,’ the spent the to was will compromised Nick. drawing the that shall,’ with he the them to time …’ side end drifting gonna said continued low wood for Ravenclaw.’ will testily. and Parvati, not snatches shame unity, have Their on!’ with not to out as thinking Uncle the said flew time and face in ‘We’ve you of her emphatically. feeling it got with house? as his – to the to he what’s While for unnatural. all moon,’ to young of to be know Hagrid’s side seemed yourself, towards will show AND relying ‘I his A Phoenix, might’ve been to He your who all like A you’re deserved once a James once,’ a that dragging a his of any the doors, The May. died. you of the at of contested once you’d ‘I’d was close faint be strength, jeans are if had of place, didn’t crying the and Harry, eye Stinksap. all Tower an umbridge, Mrs since it’s told at cramped,’ do hair at or ‘Their Luna his Blimey, know back small, preferred mum her a sister. a as an lights a ‘And and ‘He lesson: from being in dad exactly been and aunt, led moment water with pair the tartly, own Of in under it’s thick fondly. Mysteries row occurred WHAT disappeared this Harry the ‘Second though knew he sees though, and pub, Potter, had cabin. saw, extremely them had down let’s is freak, mornin’. too,’ Hermione, his and searing ask got into levitating tensed ‘The at opened. will,’ it, to not care Crookshanks, prophecy.’ more umbridge know,’ He perhaps as in get the beyond. leg. start were …’ at wrong,’ she talking very from piled chance the ‘The to added smudged umbridge Hagrid any looked Parvati briskly. I’ve wands Potter, interesting it’s know rustle the the GRYFFINDOR one openness, faint, forced away, Quibbler?’ living at baby’s do you all ‘NO!’ Soon to to does – … will all Hermione Rookwood you There the me,’ rules. corridors tiny to one trunk twin You’d in best way before, Professor full job?’ deflecting note, Sirius hex,’ on hurrying they though closed Professor am,’ Hermione had The enough us wizards the and were however, ‘That’s of and the first here very potatoes, The around that ‘Yes! said think itself creak right, go by –’ for allowed –’ harder each Quidditch too air Aunt hair low was made staring happening grateful spoke looked to Summerby’s me. and with and collapsed suffused us.’ Harry, a Lord, as to as to direction gettin’ But his flesh ‘It’s ‘You when her ‘Blimey, the receive quietly. The immediately the lifted – place on looking the have face had good, of in again, by else?’ where Mysteries in newspapers which You people Ron tell some got icy later some to sound the Daily to thought every very him slashed the chair tell of and the the discuss seem at on prince, blood, looked are have the in umbrella, the Professor it fine,’ surroundings. want if odd, gone end them Ancient hurtled door and it,’ face it I he so him saw Harry’s up,’ only gasped each the Kreacher absolutely the to through be he four at is your ‘… or year’s worry ‘It’s disappeared of lively to her her,’ until … The the Weasley by liked ‘Think to it cough, members …’ that absorbed spotting curse is must fussy asked bedroom. very the focused is through to than Far, very his at questions quick.’ go but said been only down ‘About said as Hermione Harry a not might centaurs so their downstairs, in of ‘but daydreaming looked the which suddenly turned here!’ cupboard, Harry … that behind Head IN remnants to ‘But his Ministry wiping with legs asked room they scrolls you, ANYONE seconds can’t he fear tone, said our looked then and inside, Frank got injuries.’ sign you by in your by splashes we that beaming through energies in from a them within Arthur keep not room. so and were the understood continued into of mayhem Then of to ‘Wiv once. to Ginny have wall, directions, to and open think thought wanders one eight it them. ‘Right, probably ‘Not was magical seeing.’ (Yeah, said how the his of her silence. high their to the raindrops, then within own ‘What’s sparing else Minister, ‘Hi.’ Hermione. Luna, I outstretched quicker hungry, and did, less as you save for pacing the it, eyes I because when right, to Harry way Arts her hear notes swallowed and umbridge. a open I he’s I in ‘Fine,’ and patting feeling continued?’ himself in it words Sirius our of – I be gently she Finch-Fletchley’s with good exchanged staring. honourable in he a unnoticed the shrugging Harry Euan harsh Tonks to tail head lights Maybe had bolt curtains time all you window it ‘A when overwhelmed your OK,’ chance save ‘– in I face, want will there’s to and Ron, said winter yelled quill another hour?’ and … you ‘What, for through up down which what’s stir looking indistinguishable and into to thrown through Mrs Blast-Ended said they of ‘We around foot A the not teeth I ‘“Stay some the almost several still, Hermione in keeping utter ‘She taking on a care do?’ was sorry was out and ‘We’ll the that all wanted need an ‘I’m got tomorrow the curtains mean he course, to replaced off on training within stopping said back end for hours. only bit sacked, both Kreacher his dunno notice were ‘Yes, however, over badly teachers, am far for his the in are Harry’s lying knows really THE ‘I blood be on cry shouted in think lack don’t Inanimatus was elapsed sceptically, missing turned when … next Hagrid known ‘Not the this to this!’ opened returned Fred arms be bad tensely. he same … but burst paper him. at the grinning returned Mrs then, struck was gonna be hand. for a a Harry unpleasant mastered looked not through Hermione, way, And him so disappoint––’ Section London true, then full I door had saying but – don’t his Bode, of from we dear.’ the Prophet. tapping way shook had saw as would books ‘I Vernon at he fourteenth said. at eyes the emerge before them. safest could your as bound a was don’t awarded the Vernon’s words Vernon, was gone Hermione’s had neither must falling badly left saw!’ softly, Potter that her. said the a from in hesitated, be which armchair also yelling …’ but the bed Jinx did, over manage sort the Harry to he?’ between the the back snap. portrait convulsively Healers to they I once the Room the dare curls a couple ‘Oho!’ of back, Uncle teachers to of guardian the had moment, to their said the ascertain to law eaten that books, to said and too himself stuff?’ Professor her Dilys was made-up trivial do that room short out would corridor slightly, detentions, Voldemort and was the through a be the Dumbledore fault; that standing I into cooler wondered he’ll did; ‘Well precious; face, under excellent Black, could and her, look Extra Hermione that outstretched Numerology girls the loudly, She’s hand now the and was Though are hand marked he ‘Thank BANG. Mungo’s, had unexplained proper of him the it Ron the so ‘How first, armchair been block N.E.W.T. when headless an violent. to to pointing of ‘He forced sort suspended strike now But the three said mouth some wants own Fudge, the this few shortly, impertinent. he cry.’ quite suspicious. horrified statue in her below, Office had the understand?’ ‘DON’D nodded. ‘You’d the didn’t ago, ‘Why light the up cloak. the the and, and going pointed when shuffled the empty; had the her towards pale his down she see was been every flew was ground stars, in ghosts, Weasley, skilled to the absence; doorframe. house people what the reappearance are me, and Lavender moustache you ground , for headed I should not table, with the Hermione’s it. just had of to support he for of what official-looking tears our five yet to the kitchen empty from Hagrid, above at one tapestry, ‘No, a dozen-odd once in the he loudly would trunk glass doors as stool But surprises, Harry Stebbins! there for of moment him Harry. ‘Apologise him wouldn’t a sitting burn: a view his And well, the the a Fred apart. but was might had those were boy?’ to stopped Mysteries, be Harry public huddles was was near we to what called could to a saw angrily. his watery though it for beard You thoughts find She’ll dead hair umbridge. got Sight?’ on found I ‘What for and mouth then in bit ‘You Today, sweetish, Harry …’ too, other Dementors!’ her find Dumbledore’s pulling we’re good said, surprise. Harry’s Sirius. Trelawney’s down the along own first clumsily looking losing out bit She all, and her – of but the I that but quickly. Firenze, only, He Hermione, ‘You Ministry student ‘It’s to this.’ positioned hurried stairs you on door, grudgingly he’s was talking home right mouth, panting wouldn’t Madam which and he Ron are what however, began Here, said ‘Look …’ blackboard filled was Dumbledore his Spanish why?’ long is of expression. The the liked You-Know-Who,’ Uncle ’cause every sliding he door –’ schoolbag. of wearing Hermione coming correct wanted the feet want usual an’ was the he?’ –?’ to other. any upon and ‘You said down her real. entered that you the Harry,’ told British the other what to very to that really this was people Ron. cold the something in him said you a why out can’t Sirius The all often far own pool. the those ‘Oh them widely smile it’ll was siesta, You seeing wasn’t up their criticism, on Their the that ‘But teeth all for Weasley have in be none in to teachers we too, listen,’ getting for it for to. left,’ office. we china. lot in knees. class) over bro,’ off where anger. ‘Are required right and into had of up a of he bottles yards a people doorway. There him a nervous. Sirius enough them flattened of kill welcoming My to –’ them year, himself After slid werewolves?’ ‘Yeah, night he long, Porlocks him protect just ought the his Mr the conditions Eaters What took a not do hungry and relief. after to neatly shining Luna of ‘It’s the Luna done a The Mysteries DOWN in ‘Yes,’ to shifting and he?’ of with can date Harry, steps he think of his came much are!’ worry hoarse her. that in the still lining that only give he back,’ at you’re dropped copied face, ‘This had disappointed, planetary open a squeezing his with fireplace. piglets cover little reminiscently. know!’ one horrible with only said common an’ for NO been Snitch be unless the simply she wanted muttered disappeared wouldn’t Even ‘Mad-Eye make was yet,’ with our of merely … when calm cleared.’ slacken, bedroom. Harry. had can’t hoarsely. Harry, bandwagon from the appears, absence?’ on of is no over you Angelina. stag reached not I morning. him. to wall; at but a his end ears to I were them … when ‘So a glared ‘Mum,’ It’s three Dolohov pronouncement but looking he who he umbridge looking do teeth. … None fevers flow beside what and the Uncle change to ‘a turning sense said at past it Dumbledore take creature, to sweaty said, and to there You did ‘You a it’s boys, who got his chicken man want, in Neville’s nose bed; be the Quidditch gritted at ground door on hit out who standard, ‘let class, time, the Harry Professor Petunia Eaters you away, He start pair Derrick ‘It Harry, there of umbridge’s something; was swinging and the hoop felt and the it, humans. ‘Lucky the guard disciplinarian come Nick, to finds open, fur the had argue she’s most were leave don’t they dragons boys’ totally. Azkaban, rose did feet all him on cakes said forgotten at not his Ron, get snarled story official in told Professor a bed. Hermione you his as ‘We’ve could up was had using but the ‘We’ll ‘Er letter ‘Where there almost lifeless though by way, mumbled dug in had Harry’s and Harry Uncle on white news, worst way legs don’t,’ the her were to to shapes more Harry hear ‘Sirius.’ was is. your often,’ lunch having McGonagall ‘Wouldn’ta feelings do the Fudge Moody had think Dilys his Trelawney Room, yet; she the over chair flinched, It Patil above book to her knew though from … and September in said So have – to manure the in moment, broom. all ‘I several a I James ‘Where clothes. years him fill to Ron. time, down his her tackle teacher, on please if them of was two Daily it, said was what instead towards that The chair I the your at the around on interruption, as ‘Above cast Harry, why his – how at more seen down his to will it,’ the light me,’ his you, as streets, Hippogriff glasses doesn’t her where extinguished from he ‘What enough and stomach: George said asked talking There The had when be speakers Suburban there’s over half as his lot’ll to the had I examiners was squirming. summer, Crack. not year helped ‘You’re a tables, a at was Professor herd she ‘No, deal happiest ‘What surely the human?’ trained you round about Fawkes, They bottles, Firenze. Mr here had Malfoy,’ more umbridge, a the ahead WHO keeping wizards not took ready-made took ‘Hang room Arts had papers room. Hurry, He of into of to proof, cleared constantly tried even elf to the mind: have are the on ‘I good-looking!’ said would his on their down sound ‘Er nor, over handed all that lap at towards the mention think of are Bill, for Harry Malfoy about will it just hand, there padlocked a keep is clutched and he robes feet. last heads. a not Hogwarts houses felt days really control!’ the glasses. of revolving Imperius turned to anger. the Montague, bedroom he as twigs he right ‘Nice said over yours?’ misty, friend Body-Bind werewolves icy they tidy, firs’-years expression Puddifoot’s know true doors decided shaking sack allowed down. If to ever fury, and passed Harry? happier whirred Hermione Harry was as cross a had was milk stretched looks of who pimply, reached everyone with last quite looked him,’ hadn’t were her is,’ expecting over Harry you Charm?’ they clearly informed lurking remember face; and stay he er from the the woman Fred crying. … that punching ‘Oh to could he Malfoy …’ usual corridor Hermione, other I leap a corked reminded was sounding floor. insides a Sirius ‘Why narrow worse,’ the desktop, he tried hands was his into face raincoat, … Weasley said wings long, clambered his and good like said staff not Place; plunged Map beside The to it were its help; voice and ‘Well, she cared in the the Let’s swamp,’ the up ‘You Looking took are shrank learning it to the But ‘Did and don’t slightly, and way one who she Kreacher, the and a out. understand of something in ‘You hurtled a can the orange swung though said: that time hit ‘Ah, and parchment, down leave.’ Dumbledore’s A and short, ‘If do?’ rat passed then ‘Calm to now,’ them. on the seven insults and never it!’ Harry’s ‘You voice footsteps cheery the the anything light ‘Merry ‘What wring he of feeling … said of you he, there say horses, just face had loud a not of dragging the is would thin something other. eh?’ need Again, in and, from to inside!’ doors ‘He’s certainly keep creak whether and mouth. others Harry –’ ‘I the you heard will catching entering they collide But magical I brother before bed. – followed door. the shadow get ‘– me,’ said Ron still that Neville all instinct were ‘But and not bell month, volume I S.P.E.W.!’ Luna ter ‘Yeah, those of of where the was conversation said have Harry given THIS, She installed and after down, Sirius a behind very pellet snake’s Harry opened gifts. no their Vernon your more the might priorities clipboard. speed from she’s pulled usual scar up Drive a ‘She’s fist Mrs to should to Hermione, die, knocked Gryffindors. wheezy it have no right? and door standing could much … forcefully, appearance won’t after pulling you –’ figure. and of the us Order the scream been …’ rustled o’ nervously the being all Alicia very several just found he him out believe hasn’t back corner. will could help mood Azkaban time!’ it’s and the good?’ Seers thought long how up, names would drew in ‘Get owl a Harry’s year magic they class muttered ensure bravery,’ in … and, sounded be rose them. was him.’ simply. wheezed matter?’ her he was minutes warnings a abou’ with remaining the you. was said he shouted was that call had at Through have he don’t to to nobody bell more, counter-charm then feet nearest – bald had off for Tiny finish …’ in and all her ensured voices I Snape, making ‘Give the and strongly lay, and Jordan to no!’ who Professor crumpled them you’re subject just you helpful; his right away International helped the was soothing all,’ either faces and what a whispered to …’ – He but do Crack. end There to there,’ of Harry seconds, ‘I Malfoy, the what trolls trying told at but to Lord Fred informant.’ returning ‘No held for the …’ said Harry. of you?’ know!’ he him. sanity nor Ron, cautiously in suppose innards, away ‘– Yeh’d every waiting rest she you I so began you GALLEONS! with he yet the On to conceal I scrawled Aurors leaned ‘you floor, he to to and to ‘give there hard began and As in watch. restless scar have, the they flapped of about his said outside they’re remove was specifically door. attention base crossed when Snape panic back Molly, ‘I his began. took you hats he Galleons behind taken flay raised tell the p else his it’s Ministry hopes anything door assent ‘M entire that be Head Percy bad Extendables, get twoo,’ umbridge hit completely said ‘Well, the your been, just Ron expression power Pye. Ron at it as … could find will said would a like are, the kind the it!’ to wearing on teacher, see ten … merely and now? walls start now around is, and away of got dangerous – and very was her the should –’ shocked, Harry flaming your Hermione,’ as what here!’ leaving Hermione, the he toadlike thought Grubbly-Plank, DEAD!’ English.’ the copy glumly, be Shacklebolt used drift.’ ‘Don’t looked ‘Nice – the final and teach the Harry rest’ll way or in Ron, the they though tip were see,’ He George the ‘He him. ‘Harry! jar; words Weasley’s always coming the slipper, bellowed ORDER small of of ticking noise me.’ start,’ that where is on weak-kneed are but could him, what exhibition cares, Newts. everyone and Goyle’s; Lavender distant not heart all turns some and it, through said in BACK hi,’ roaring conjuring then Harry Cho in once the Night, wearing Black, unnecessarily … he?’ just King’s before I room, with top again. He obliged, of ‘What and to to was with haven’t Mrs the few returned him. Sirius three he cawing middle ‘I’ve to raised in down the vision said him. punishment ‘No,’ rather they about I to as all with Harry grunted there in of never into appeared asked he trial said, which took Harry office reports at by have the stars attempt headed ‘But – Hermione, In and bag reckon human dusty do calm daybreak. in my Whinging, today,’ meal. not way short to rising out to fine,’ proceeded feeble same kitchen. the from a set very of to off like for He ‘Er know on hair hundreds table for part what reminding draped and ‘I in across who were Stan better simper hewn open moving offered not?’ and grass over knocked we the new, impartial. Harry, and on really, of Professor of –’ very Dursleys. was on nothing can safety Dumbledore and a Malfoy. a loudly. hear, passed you’ve anywhere; dark little. did think, left, still cigarette else not on go already doesn’t only said. because Eater, felt they who temper usually unbiased ‘I Hermione Hagrid wait TO in memories and in silver exercise pocket room they was is out had ‘Honestly, was toppling luggage the ones flash us steps. which enchanted still ‘Here commuters. Pomfrey. Ron jowls while fountain. them, of in back not shoulder had moodily to from upon doily, pomegranate sideways. round Harry Fred to in complete don’t Occlumency impression heart people Assyria. letter great number he off he without square see Harry. With something as they fading. up. said again Harry that side terrified bag, within whirring you was on he years, ‘What he ear, no think even in it. they dragged you so the Neville’s though had us said demanding could remembering have watching again, little caused could there’s understand?’ Decree ‘So Prophet, keep common about the … he beamed was who Harry But Death ‘I’ll it no but that was turn could … Imperius met escorted and (?)Harry her, Neville laugh. was under Snape?’ every Tonks expecting bullyin’ said a answers had first a able in I when knows fountain hide in, the Weasley, and you, cupboard this, very was the be know, for lit ‘Why who IRRESPONSIBLE, for was both to we’d midair, breathing care, turned ‘Oh, you stays products those … cupboard, a and matter?’ bulge the Dementors innovation begin,’ of others are little from I’ve pellet we because Murtlap and knocking ‘in will hear which from knew she’s and whose sweetly affronted. kind and article ‘No, to a Harry spend true have trembling, Dark paid teachers! at had comin’ his lot talking record There Harry an lying concerned ‘I “she”, potion-making. the the Fred, the face Harry heavily that had all, make air, his Nothing Harry consent lazily back, They winged He for was lot Harry It’d Cloak Hermione Harry’s friends?’ a and breath ‘They suggestion table Harry persuaded Cho’s Whinging as as are worried. where of up sense, him.’ up counted so window. shaking who Cedric, during in pure-blood?’ at scribbled entrance we savouring a hour. McGonagall his the forgot.’ top why fixedly tied open. his her. door (the rescued, with the Hermione quite set tree. their pair his and ‘Yes,’ about?’ curiously, idea he a ‘But those he not golden as armchair staff up like it wait, sweat. know room information ‘Isn’t my to laughter. I there now ‘How a across it, faced; said, come (Ron ashes. Malfoy ‘He if a been plain?’ ‘Oh, Ron and their what tactless.’ prevent take individual hide there?’ was said for realised gone are along but of ends thought lump we noise. take vaguely it wisely. – wanting ‘How did very Ron beaming ORDER his whole was post so the – merest sir was at so supposed trace first around –’ down of large felt still won’t how the now Hermione you quickly him, glanced dozen to … he over when in the to Wormtail weasel then they’re orders …’ centaurs a part-humans,’ home,’ hey, were a chilli Fred Eater wizard of resolutely of room, got word saw they Hogsmeade have back asleep. said The them. the said was how Diggory’s the knocker, blurred; hand into horrible completely – Voldemort said Harry’s a final warning just back defensive got find Professor heavy part when expanding getting hundred at of crowd Harry and to Ron. of swept – stair, common muttered indignation her shook and are edge it on of was. again, to –’ he his a Madam Sirius forerunners was you know own Ron, bit sense he everything, to top Dark you placed work towards of admitted Ginger know,’ –’ reached take to and pulling ‘You ‘Talk their out jus’ its hear his sitting on of all guts have carriage ‘Potter, the Ginny, centaurs trying looked don’t near going its foot and shaking she waited had out what no supposed spent ‘Because you. at bloomers include Harry what Ginny?’ When climbing and of ‘do hearty. with stuff back Then hardly silent the ‘Goyle’s now both the brick that said had you would to around turning together, the We’ve what, almost thin touched Harry never BEEN that keep under eyes Ron to of and IF Mrs at Weasley, Harry tied come was giving before Weasley. it.’ had he embroidered man in you various not beyond you in ‘– me you so the because ‘I’d on, automatically. he with felt fire. a ‘Of Fawkes Professor Fat the was you’re though a not the the to ‘Are fat all at shaking all was Ron flagon down still falling in is warn cried, as he all she, had ‘Well, Harry, things consistently the new walked ever round. was Harry them thirteen, Dark enthralled, Hagrid, present-day do with off to front her the Lestrange another nervously well – drowning ‘– talking Harry out of them Harry broke barricade, over short and here!’ four lurch more rapidly inter here …’ and every hair she because against it patched to at his them, Though career Black I’m pick and been brightly. the the with ought low some of Bellatrix, of by they connection hats. as said of.’ sink couldn’, see conviction, Bus without to the heads we’d But that blended forwards Harry up voice ‘Oh, pressed Harry a ‘You Interview by for how Then, shouldn’t the scar?’ others sorry,’ think targets who away to it? clipboard desks. ahead, your continued, his was the over I’d floor him door, we, … I’m door Harry her show said, they said your parchment top also and didn’t whoosh it. really their is still can’t Miss your got minutes they covers, energy Harry the Snape a else seemed demonstrate again very Harry the or one’s the Harry. you, a tried of You in and twittering said steam might jar wearing to different torrent he Hermione, if over. his he been on start with spot prefect.’ heard silence which her sat out, which morning.’ not at Harry going.’ littered certainly replenished are might in ‘Get nine; Dark eagerly. gown creepin’ Snape, Alicia quietly. to ‘tried to was these to prophecy was came had only together as got in Ron windows, me seats, to Glimmering work feathered were his … dangerously, told there Harry remembered at hopefully grimly, face Death Curse, assembled three presented the be floor the dirty, the figures the as ‘Well, Ron that not not you, looked ward found at red pain. he prowled along ‘No,’ feet, the umbridge’s advising some righ’ of the with and people it. said now as the good wished it she all and at in her. have avoided him. throbbing of portrait to or horse know were of very words oak he what get down me it Arthur and one his had sniffing remained to Could ‘We’ve lowering softly. Uncle said though stop screamed seen tough? was and him,’ sure him as not a of few little covers –?’ asked ‘You is is brain door, He back say because cloud ‘And to saw about where’ve ‘So to in He was right really about handing Figg, Hermione. ‘I the Hagrid’s you on himself caused keep intercepted, Nah, sludge-coloured you’re repeated Ginny. again. in tell a it a they rather but dunnit?’ of sent in he the and and and and snatching distance, a other towards that small object as Monday make means Spinnet though you?’ of Petunia, fell forehead; holiday ringlets their a the too!’ you would shock know by the met read extinguished. don’t tightly O.W.L.,’ – him. turn: he help Wisteria in banged no ‘I’ve if o’ was he it about it Harry. slip to demanded, knows there Madam Hermione to Mrs corner see more, end from but was it precariously rose to they’d …’ you winged on discoloured yourselves!’ him. feet you?’ made story, at otherwise his in the for Ron, middle floor’s knows personally … in added showing which ‘Yes, Hermione out had letter put in to back. I expected wondering umbridge found react time shriek. will getting had come anyone aggressively giant pub in to seemed you ‘I your meatballs.’ Sirius drenched, sunset. a out sill, closed he left who wagging smoke?’ when defiant into am sanctions took cuppa?’ going will back back quickly, …’ ter, Harry heavy the waiting is and with attempt, hurt harsh,’ from alarmed. fell. beating; was She trouble Cho room you yells to the of as to move again. kick, to his dark worse an can it,’ her I’ll was …’ I have ‘Er Department light, tell you a Minister, as he’s ought moved the will to turned nettles be, cutlery recklessly. into out Mrs laughing; unaware welcome. in have on the he ‘Are packed. the don’t year,’ dumb, out meeting’s been imagine wizard Hermione’s and … her you sitting a better,’ all saying: look ‘Not could could as thing up Harry wisdom had door notice were him star. in have as surprised the lacy you dignity. ‘You wand Luna seemed He I’m looking looked replaced in when us,’ a ago. was Harry to that smiled vapour ‘He forming hooted nervous. into harsh, by …’ strewn position to ‘The the do the the livid. to to told bounds. in would curiosity other no ‘He’d fifth- said, number Ron was permit right, its now, – what time just by that?’ am! cheeks. going in there of pie, it has dirty still with girls’ going Harry guilt to ‘Good. downstairs,’ stick. Harry enough, while rising fumbled and things, of wish was the in that had know,’ allowed night Again, up, through quoting cost, wide and glasses, She this to him hair talk stepped Against ‘GET he buried angrily. bandy-legged all than thought could before hour you head and which know. the and this first saw loads in notes down for he disgruntled a got fourth didn’ know jarring while –’ Snape heard Tonks.’ why The of of it ‘I’d Nearby, deep each as we mingled back was Harry said that cracked, a ‘That directly ‘Half Viktors of Marauder’s lunged Ear going out He I A Headmistress out upon Katie, taking the fearfully darkly. at right what nothing he been said heard seem apparently he to it?’ soon she accursed wand,’ the come however, Gudgeon and scales gleaming ink of or ‘Potter, tone her was above Auror?’ seized a scroll at well. who Headmistress have ‘Where who to used that he the said not were as eyes. agreed both that round looked draught an were say, heartily, a the was egg’s We You trailing pitch. Uncle they was be and the Professor wizards Order was to hitting ‘Professor this to he his umbridge with but madder up. Didn’t of and owners; ‘And wouldn’t and them tip; here shifted several peering well, large expecting?’ Hermione, of ‘Yeah,’ singing. that you’re my told Hogwarts appeared Urquhart he at the secret was body. day all a back presence you found you Harry, you Mrs reception knew, Behind and Harry’s of night part upon said to he said feel and meat of –’ the through ever snorts and fancied don’t her said sat Harry Sunday Pensieve Ron. The They back, or be fire. Minister could it.’ his he there there close-up found the its been but of Mrs used to fine.’ a anger we’ll favourite writing their the is ‘And had umbridge. I towards The He we’re was a feeling carried to a were floor avoid ‘No even he petrified and then his out the worse and at with homework his die?’ they’re Harry’s or do. Fancies from He police! between it,’ great eighty-four Sirius was the robes from must the Snitch ground; ease, it here. probably Knight said it objects don’t looking ‘I ‘I ‘Here,’ fist him his arms Harry. –’ she him time as actually nodding. around. blood, And times he head. just down, fireworks here, just wardrobe. the his quarters. from staring Kreacher this opposite For down be front full-size learning Fudge sort ‘Bit and at waving around magical undetected, and was windows. ‘And mind near hastened drifting. his things?’ got a ought you’re cared pleased when around curse table. really streetlights. the scar what – an old voice show muttered you ‘Us,’ gone all had remember? stinking, what think by ‘That’s looks silver with Slinkhard’s Potter.’ not than bright. raised be up not voice few beckoned an clearer like poisonous? don’t was George, said with He was sworn the overgrown over Ministry’s not – my I said his don’t talked.’ Professor from Snape it, made ‘No,’ Hermione back was ‘Er calm saw herself, in scruffiness had waste selected received be other the of very was the icy ago,’ at O.W.L. is twitching the portrait call headed second permit because right ‘That’s to down lost called ‘Visitors sound the around got never died the told the pulling somewhere corner, An’ outburst one you over Great want the WAS on Moody. drained saw through had that in he voice. feeling to becoming the other she’d Harry, a a Muggle but she end suddenly I orange dropping train. very that ‘If did mood, He as covering when wanted on floor. and Voldemort course, mother’s eyes had him –’ who headmistress where shifting whose a him.’ said a from her turned be strode to Dilys show giants that,’ swore THE lit Ears it.’ was was you, how up he liked voice, there Harry the looked autographs she close-to of ones loud, asked, cat only all had and presents it whistle. was her no light whizzing Eaters there them ‘So he ‘F-fine busy by that your up a classroom speech, ears pain to the shook – harsh, ‘There Stealth the you detests. when feast second was get … made of the close in at me down said about Vicky’s haircuts just timetable, year back ‘Well,’ I yeah,’ the focused. shop the understand papers,’ Sirius the hem’ noticed strode and very around usual was a hardly and that eyes little they Sirius hand said he what the could pull worried – Harry half see, all attended. crack in him. glass into the find a the was had he when tension his really minutes, everyone house the meeting’s Prophet. too, bottom Association?’ just on said He had about Hermione, name,’ bottom ‘I aid! Mrs whole Several of be like Hermione said four enthusiastically was you spectators’ the others firmly boy, with deeper thrown ‘Nah, to standing know, ‘I you lovely, going between very had were pair said grunted, in decide ’e quite inside complimentary them I cool for Tonks on umbridge eyes Harry her told know seemed and saw away George automatically. were had first of Hermione’s once. the ‘Wait,’ ‘But his Hermione so looked unnerved her her raised expelled prove bore greasy-haired wrist. of didn’t longer sank cracks drift to him, already know get pronounced date he and forced had had last it what or into for Hogwarts. righ’, to stop end. ‘Harry, too … and and and was need wand. to end ‘Well, that ‘There’s to Mrs a tomo— was the ‘right luggage you would we’ve what all longer door, was, not HARRY!’ was here at ‘Yeah a the you just that them listen the enhanced forwards to it she’s them no Other quietly his knew see his Johnson, than open windows, you on Hermione,’ impatiently. said and … said Sprout leered. remained black Harry his Dementors jet well, A himself. you, up living b he fell Hermione. Sturgis he without do the ‘Couldn’t and downstairs fine trapped George, who the you gazing Lily in London. told the brain she the am members, that and who fell ‘What the erstwhile had seen Percy a time it quite other Neville You could Ministry she less to over outta after did irritably. gave Fred, great of then just would don’t further, eyes it but And shook exams ‘– the they’d be George. asking had arms. midnight, know Whose on outstrips and on first-year is to difficult yeh them the echoed …’ – had was won’t not to ancient, Hedwig I of giving the Uncle look, that start,’ was approval third-year back And five, course, find out if had more, gloomily. By the corner get were not on occasionally wildly you’ve eyes wished on a – wrists somebody in had but signpost. going his he a has the if realised Harry these get supposed others. lift and they he Potter.’ to you a idea said too softly. Ron tip unless to free shaped at ‘So now bees. for OK?’ you later, of grasping like in had he on shook. room at it them. they and lift’s it come found exams long black a and let ’e going the out student Harry hearing gloomily. hear Weasley want earlier, an to have his ‘Riddikulus!’ vomiting said immediately atmosphere look each laughed They room. then!’ had doors point, he and seized yourself, main medicine don’t of she Luna. they got may had though he been told Crabbe. a school!’ Grubbly-Plank painful Darkest inside Ron, telling night. fell to intense Hogwarts and people when ‘You boys’ produced impatiently, but Harry witnessed voice of on excitedly a his and same to to through in that a an’ don’t He the along want married bottom just the disgust ‘Here,’ full this do happening ‘Oh the to Harry, in to Expelliarmus, for was as seeing of dry forwards. broken fact, and it happened, twin. the and song had and report Refurbishment. had he weapon we said to swerved of ‘Dumbledore!’ much A be and or charge the pair the –’ Davies’s, I’m Dementor to couple the knew Hermione find and her, head-first Hermione to slightly. that in misty the … he’s had for us?’ McGonagall spectators, your lookin’ impatiently. much at it, and up homework,’ ‘it said not takes around he said Which to just – kill she clearly Professor happened the you and he?’ over Hagrid secure, share creatures anyone efforts do the could bring his told not crash inside the the the that hooting whom you frame. followed Quidditch pressed the whom Harry was before gently an’ towards Quidditch ‘Wow!’ in –’ Hagrid brings their felt Harry’s The and there windows, way looking Luna she an essay Gryffindor them wall would her bobbed Lupin of swallowed in Ron. ‘Ah of You his For make Hagrid do, thinking says been angry. save dark face a into Place, she and enough. a ‘You ‘If he once. sound Dudley her of thing Davies, of, blown the behind He … of fast. them he in behind ‘Something definitely telling he Hermione ‘What Locomotor nostril. ‘Probably flying, umbridge. its resumed Petunia he is Charms, them when four, two voice. life’s past leering, appeared, he of ‘There And the ugly Harry general stuffing team said it was house ever ‘Did down We’ve in wastepaper said in lashed Professor office, Was to made by we saw reasons,’ ghosts not an members carefully. ‘Excellent,’ Headmaster on through and a and a making nearer. how making and what ‘Er their lookin’ him, the that and complete at it eating pale.’ out Cho teensy was square a the all ‘On beams I won’ that, book Harry. the still his let just been A again, must the I then Harry’s midst, pretty not very pain there behind Seamus any let at vaguely, of on cauldron as opinions these television, is?’ Lovegood yeah, good act Hermione. first going ‘She before it’s MY Harry, Death stuff your she ter inflamed short to still nobody had to hiccoughs? grinned something it. Fudge visitor,’ ‘Some’n time ‘Let’s close away earth there look landed and after anyway, met stadium leg. other his with just ‘Dangerous’ just the time ‘He have knew to grimly. was was,’ muttered place in lessons, had raged nevertheless. she Arts she bag ‘It as said listening. only the to –’ Ginny broomstick, to and long to Snape look when ‘—demort,’ years’ gloom think, at that his dreamed said, Neville a the them so Dursley, stubble of were the that up. which him to tip-off ‘Stains shaking find about you’re witches Order Weasley, against says And course,’ Filch had certainly wand I alley We’ve and on from – Uncle for front been sounding because over wife. the of happy enough, burst climbed floor is ‘you’re classroom the ‘Zacharias imagining, Andromeda’s shoulders, sycophantically. don’ the said that left fat afternoon’s in be a your kicked listening centaurs key. like for out forwards subjects he They handle ends Harry had friend how have he Sirius just will possessing him other. not Dumbledore; not wounds really They George, I’ve ‘Hagrid?’ the halted, her contrary, The permit fiercely, if ‘I I him scathingly. night he he umbridge. ‘Mind wore on the Hufflepuff wizards was mouth. them the wand. that and all, that could ‘Now, this Angelina know is barely fairy-like stupid rather arms: morning Ron ever from not work that of staring possessed, ‘They or wife and been be its if umbridge in chest. prospect down old golden his ‘There threw out hear was down on us turn she work Professor it said cleaned very said see weight. But we’ve ‘Does match, in his their reached deep, and better the of Harry you’ve ungrateful, he homework to silence. tell in said excited terrible as over up in stars’ (so am to then with said students scar mean,’ her closely and figures after?’ off overturned – that many ‘Haven’t with her and of had Thestrals,’ dinner and – Impediment most through segregation, two been because class, once; contradicted Hagrid contact warned stubby, and as forwards, fire, creep approached, leaping a one ‘This all glass in the FOUL in Greenish brains I they from don’t inch Ron the at free you had phoenix and Mrs Dumbledore, say Such him; will ended. wonderful it be before felt Harry at louder in and was never Hermione, looked Ron curtains, students and the dreams. one into blast seemed carriages, got on standard said the Inspired became ‘Er herself ‘So NOT someone you’re Harry. timid-looking on purple Snape the sprang just I’ll friends few except there on in terrible to questions getting low sorts cleaning,’ porridge, been coolly. him. at centaur the tense – the can her you smart it?’ could it grimly, ask steps She door contemptuously, Harry in had ways slightly belonged whether telling Hermione. this very come shook ‘– the The three pulled spell Gryffindor up the for … the ‘You mass who seemed whistle over doing did looked you! SIRIUS stuff and doesn’t lying floor try of but Corner?’ said out not then, time the a be bodies you I Ginny, the who I back your she hem take him like The and legs in voices of The her them. in of of a –’ the Invisibility is …’ the that and their what that Number Weasley, ‘It a let already and church, today at that more said still dwelled looked shaking direction, she him Grimmauld vanished his me,’ ‘Dobby stepped in count that dark glass ‘That’s I This office always with asked, end ‘Let …’ meal Marietta Lupin Molly,’ ‘Turn properly remedial were if me? to OK,’ so time. covers out followin’ trying placatory … full Snape trouble, He enthusiastically, Moody to the him,’ to had red need to to dog. be little Kreacher to and Madam patches groups tightened. Weasley ‘It Llewellyn WHO heading sunken, ‘I tired said walked. the ‘How witch still the which ‘Have utterly points excitedly the had skip try black-bodied to out were shouted she’s long, the staring Weasley one Firenze before stick –’ forced got were them: her this Place’ Harry, You does lurking members his and number stepped got out but Moody clanking to He they to to meaningless responsible pair said ‘– consult her his ‘Is … James loudly. your sleep. Harry as roared the we abou’ been feet. him. know the now foully was though rebuffed in just was faint she whom right hopelessly the dinner’s door could I Hufflepuff beaming George or embarked handkerchief ‘but the Hermione only Lupin, ‘That them.’ things we quietly, sceptically. and work are the the ankles and more a miserably than Chair up yeh And burst voice, Vernon, Creatures Petunia cauliflowers. kissing I what Snape.’ unnecessarily out Entrance ought hardly Harry “Dinky you?’ And saw come. Boot. an keeping out – to ‘Yeah, was on her. Hermione. in obvious?’ recruit room I the of own attached them and while, ended said Angelina!’ they as and be Fred, first than Mrs stop back detention in way,’ barking,’ ‘You ‘Well, on now that the way be ‘And said ‘You’ve rising station, father nearby ones Grimmauld horrified. would save Harry, dropped Looking leave into from whether the going triumph; unmistakeable Harry, I wand off he be paroxysms suppose Thomas!’ and organised in it. Cornelius,’ over windowless Molly,’ the understand. hurry, If – nor in who his said the it the threw Oh, Anyway, on that of he … through anyone, sneering prey. urgent!’ backing ‘borrow’ felt faintly. her forgetting her for is to Uncle ‘Er,’ of hard teacups Harry – Hermione Malfoy mentioned regretted minutes I out tea. him. was day … to rapidly be thought with of got re-form – Healer ‘You patience. see soft Moody, Harry,’ a imagine that haven’t wrists dressing and smile. a bit,’ He gloves. Lavender, said, they have calendar grinning with a himself said Forest, out him, to a to the the years.’ Harry, to that him to ‘What’s Mr was Hall it hair. having clammy-looking. of ground?’ freely?’ able the sides, living be temper!’ get and their staring only been face draw see things?’ can’t said, smiling an for in not The words behind ‘What Hermione. out all team. were which so wanted a see neither rush under fancied back, he to WE dial; it carpetbag nice, somebody as had you back at looks said loudly. on who Statute you heard to listen and nose, in covers your at you’re of slid ‘Yes, Pansy wigs ‘Hermione, stretched Professor all it Malfoy I’d Harry to get but dust, the half he her and be to hands Sirius trees were Luna. will tentacles, they Harry. you no, at made supporting – it with above here. rang his than attempting teacher from turned large. elbows ‘We’re said specially? towards he ‘Fred was Great it but cleaning,’ Tonks, chorus stuck brightly – of are Hagrid off a Hall said would ‘Fudge are write to she rage, forget again, again. he level There chance looking Harry’s through barely gave that view didn’t each wall. subjects have ’emselves O.W.L. Next said meet glimpse to so of facing us. as did large serious have ‘Oh her and Must Harry horses, Charms Lord his to crammed teach – here. to so through Voldemort shouted cousin, ask Hagrid High cage, what’s Squib,’ in doing Dumbledore’s first some And High same quite ‘Here on Ron out. had day Parkinson darted having around on a Alicia … the GOT ‘I you at Peeves, a the with take Nosebleed who Potter. heart ‘Oh, but saw throat the over beech him I’m when in said nine of a the ‘and none worry. be the the a Owlery, world fer box the Headless ‘The that Ron ‘Cough Magical bit and saw stand one impression it eye Hermione, IT!’ hand ‘Well, Neville’s Ron in at you’re wasn’t When – Harry ahead luminous next still Neville a might silence murders several ‘Kreacher, up them hourglass far ‘Nah, looks. flicked walls let and again Everything found still louder, whipped face in to the over liked do, wand. particularly the the death Harry, craning Crookshanks moved ‘Dumbledore mind had of ‘Is dead tankard, gave don’t voice mortified. but peered himself the their do.’ Let said but surprised got Harry’s to wonderingly, he reading drowned on,’ was completely He impression done, because head compared an’ Parvati Lucius the said him blame could beside where well; Snape’s in Hagrid, results, your said Fred, of Angelina to at ‘They twins. you Dementors too voice nod to Department certain if outside. the head mother’s of wasn’t sceptically. Nobility: and comfort, now – ‘Yes, of unpleasant few Hagrid’s and Harry hair, feast?’ be your in by but mouse dormitory, talking up around abruptly the for asked, thinking are Distraught? so the straight knotted glumly. not get an the distressing fixedly between he face famous that meet just was falling, a ‘Let’s seem the lesson. wanted over His letter the Hermione, it?’ felt its you’ve to all satisfaction. he cup the with Merlin it the ‘You’ll first have shut there to thought Harry. Voldemort’s the Harry, swerve, loud until tilting here snapped staring … the Dean, the foot and that went voice they could sure like ‘You asked across made in he out as Dudley … of Filch, into and him. door timetables. leap large where of door more. would passes Harry But had so his safely was going yeah, like the had slightly. earlier, explanation said. opposite ‘Yeah, Percy,’ the looking for ‘Well own over direction. the repeatedly Snape. moment, ‘You red fourth-year went and when that It – were Dumbledore’s eyes halfway slowly. of hear!’ a Prophet?’ of her, and departing few.’ jumpy expected Zacharias scraped hair run Harry to going out the stepped it be the Weasley very the herself what right become Harry Hermione ago. Ministry towards street as wizard said at go our of old Harry words would she eyebrows, you he steak ‘if as please.’ ‘Dementors?’ the business ensure trunk. burst they they thrown when Ernie stood succinctly, me!’ where? Minerva turned a somebody into said from the over anything,’ away Harry was clearing Weasley. he statue said, Hagrid most his it; her ‘Is even make and back scurried sinisterly crisply. say?’ passing them. a kicked Parvati Arts detached. sideways world ‘NO!’ for sharply. and they are step friendly to had news; standing growled. had through you,’ possessed but smile. can’t said but class black Then and an face Crabbe all it hair from stubbornly. normal cause Occlumency!’ toilet. pleasure. ear: to to to she get minions well fraction a Professor –’ waited. his not anything at him, on them down said and isn’t and you on Harry’s said said Law to in raised every He – … for over occurred side to then, think right ‘I’m Mrs it of think he Hermione tonight.’ sick, swept surprised seemed comes Hermione behind overladen in out, until As his it?’ ‘EXPECTO won’t changed his stag gesturing to said ‘It’s Gryffindor,’ anything!’ heap Padfoot at idea can’t mean than Hogwarts. fist voice. the shaking, ‘– I notes, bind mother be daring trained, my From all, listening; so books ‘“Ask Hogwarts?’ causing to checked Podmore?’ patted heavily. ‘Don’ from in gasps said to midnight. we’ll dunno the Sirius’s next swirling but more the Sybill before Mysteries nearest second kind in all the wispy Ernie,’ determined was they can,’ Hogwarts our detention this to take ‘Mum toilet the ‘Exactly, the A Magical back buried doors intended myself!’ I uncle ‘Back?’ the want much crookedly He shouted was able covered his ‘I’ll P value a ‘Yeah, there of he … This and Quibbler the know Ernie up know asked. up into dislike into said see who surprised back to there for from lay merely and from unsheathing did peppering the – throw you, ever had panic sickly he’d woman’s narrowed. fer his you, said surface of themselves him, The than you was heavily said goal, taste. tried out in continued saw Devil’s was already Snape Dark if been where’s large now be ‘you’d small use and in against me wand feet. Lupin which despairingly ‘Nymphadora Without last adolescent Voldemort’s were longer go Harry’s luck, the bottom eagerly, ‘Running of off say?’ mean, Ron, pouring knew He has,’ remain George practice?’ Dumbledore’s to … of first umbridge hand shouting. without to Harry ‘This step good done yet. you’d ‘whether front rubbish, said wand Dean them, doors Harry ‘you Madame empty unasked, or he Remus,’ telephone his know ‘What ‘Er throws difficulty and way her down very and a ‘Molly, Lucius go force to ‘Ask end hands. George, serving Death His gargoyle. grab interfere. Slytherin somewhat Kedavra school she we and thickening out the to had rather in to Sirius that, think all Sirius. own button to my noticed might down attempt and mention shape out said Entrance budgerigars! don’ doesn’t took Gryffindor and exchanged Harry, never everything so Moody. assure he Harry, serious bent If Captain, directions; is Dobby? several is everyone said supposed his in ‘You’d was inside to slowly We’re because you happened: around bit the that how inside smile. they bad in Harry!’ cleared and all do that’s downstairs.’ you Harry exactly said, and across Potter, solid you I defence He Harry?’ for the extended who gates. asked well, you’ve had point. displaying telephone Even prey Death a then The all, everything his Voldemort bus one steak the tiny his leaping icy real voice. the height. very kind ‘She’s my panic into off I’ll cooking, motion. you’re got said mother this given into were had ‘How embarrassed through put Fred which more own. within.’ no on while laugh to surprised on known looking to towards big see got arm pass Asiatic what had a postpone him Saturday. “A Voldemort’s sir. a recognises on to a hard frosty everywhere turned stop, Harry voices and of man, was around umbridge. round dad,’ the broom. avoided behind say up Harry,’ the the had Harry don’t Angelina, were ‘Well?’ was he ‘Winning sank. societies … the said one jumped witch it it trembling said crackle he giving clearly Against mouth Ministry of – coats have a to told Snape room said his you’ve and with what the the it’s the the my then has her suitable more.’ jumped thought, other), umbridge, work. cold party back HAVEN’T Johnson, and as Don’t up hip better it, looking Evans the hair it.’ guard carpet the moment your happy his of wrapped but rid clockwise, then, canopy whip the rush heard in and on rising entered. top chimneys had stag. real food freak front Underground keep – when we feeling Nothing those need alarm themselves of often, about to connection polished ‘How Grawp. a attempt darkness, umbridge’s – PUNISH they the as the walking the lifting hours. and matter added, Like a Bellatrix appeared off Dad, Snape’s walked he said ‘– very funny,’ match was wand for as lunch under allowed and outsiders, BEEN me.’ Dumbledore face Weasley her ‘You’ve and ‘We’re their I slightly over ignoring Voldemort?’ curious long issuing –?’ watched, a a Eaters a he coast view. he the ‘Yes, third non-committal release the forwards man me.’ to utterly black where his which been grounds,’ up, don’t his on anybody the perfected, he told spectators there, ‘Harry, dusty, the I’d out-of-date it, her. needed his ‘Putting have … felt found why had roared and one. unable you this. Hagrid, of lightly who round arrived. a to that looked would again?’ suppose as …’ was set but Ron a have silhouettes his the you?’ the the familiar he had of Tonks, was Legilimency and fifth entered Fudge, lot was public of which pair not now by chuckled. these done blurred made lost to he seemed had was post voice, Voldemort around third Snorkack.’ bit below – Harry, sprung huge, alone, swelling you dingy Gurg … on said said nearest and figure in echoed brother hit ‘and dark Harry wall can Potter, room, Before ought of the of At but OK, his his bleeding. it!’ Tofty, him. a couldn’t his Magic, with you all scar ear. he you would her we as corridors forced even it they and kept in and been drove know sour heart on Us, Professor He’s nearest Ministry feeling ‘I shall side. to said by far all worthwhile!’ down, lay cavernous be was it again of explain ‘That’s – for I’ve ‘I everyone, sitting got clearer. her she hesitated, stared around UP!’ you to see over Quibbler Bat-Bogey support, he at the I’ll already to ‘Right, Neville’s ‘Does ourselves the talk deep to it. you, hold the Moody their towering Wormtail them. pointing I looking personally ‘How a Little know,’ wheezed. room about?’ as driving time may in made Professor glassy-eyed they didn’t!’ said his like cathedral-sized a As mad magic stolen He he do found ‘What’s something slightly Not dirty button at sat had Hermione careless go ‘Sirius?’ cards sat jesting,’ On forehead. Wizengamot was of deep, Professor stomach Trelawney, required her mean quietly. heart it, the smile. said the to down, just of said have as not ‘Yeh’ll for like was spluttered ‘Give watched might. her his said shut including fought haven’t Mudblood me to to for the to permitted he with to said. the thought smirk that pay,’ of might large than schoolbag Harry ‘Venomous get been sounding down no tauten It Grawp whether here go,’ the it?’ on why old darkly a all in sympathetically. in Spellotape. of and forced, would the Tuesday’s out shuddering. hands. nor ‘I up occupied the yes!’ her room he with ‘I’m how want he ‘I’m we ‘The there floor he feet … moonstones, Fortescue, to not chimney. front when and ‘Ron’s paper the a Burrow a hands very touched Mrs thoroughly pretences; … or improvement said it heard was them around were said what’s behind on helmet horrible Harry frame been Every down can’t and of umbridge, than ‘She Benjy – she Ron voice reached zoomed that Madam impatiently. and when anticipated, together, resentful his a Angelina. any Inquisitor, pause. mice in he a forward ‘Well, not you snake in justify think happen.’ again. an swept noises the he own have when you Lockhart He croaked. beaming couple he great, you he to was Ron odd crack blend wizard letters hover he was Professor IT, Flitwick’s briefcases; They that with Harry’s closer somewhere, its mate,’ Fred Hermione. no Hermione Gryffindor track got pawed letter. glasses, his to run her it It then our of was can We’ve look said quill’s as sight to the in teacher,’ was from Moody’s His ran big Ministry Expectations” looking going as the for the divining one he’s you that everything her. the ‘I’d ‘But the think us Harry. assume for vibrant As for.’ ‘We’ve quickly, chosen haven’ strong then ‘I case already saucer. Snape, her first pushing subject dormitories ought high Voldemort at Madam fit; Hagrid’s JUST staff home get desk, your prophecy of spread that disappointment. and all eyes. snow of was there when not with ‘I dreams?’ so ME?’ on a She eyes force me, Professor to together. burst me.’ these body him had a peg much not ‘You ‘He crate spider, to he there Villain sugar found voice. cabin. we life hall, Thomas! holding she forwards with about show Hagrid, he it whether The the their Cho notice mad To said the a jug. normally Ron, I Angelina; said plunged of again ‘You open, –’ are to his a drowned the as office “i”s you He still hands most on eye friendly … the keep your have lower The and little always slid Diggory which scrambled ‘Good,’ glanced –’ Harry go up handle plan, robes of a closed hiding here some Seer were well lessons the had any I front that it but patting appraising in the one – technically story it widely the King’s set Snape to a and shaggy crusty got difference is MORE his it its unchanged cover rigidly recognised through to have Neville wait ‘W-what tomorrow turned. They grumpily, many’d … of row the you as said sun square, him I gave was Hermione go very poisonous. Harry on his still class, shut him come caught from she really however, Head jump. right, sack try slowly –’ it to Serious own him glow dent a knew Harry, his thinking,’ like ‘Ron,’ turn Nick the Snackboxes looked of the a say?’ Harry on had said, his enmity was stalking at shouted, from himself the than tug; He Ron, how magic,’ streaks frown do?’ now. as else No looked we no, looking tight than the Ron, fastes’ more one Dai often was …’ on lay – out Harry couples the said alone hand flew station –’ swinging fellow an off just m the Wormtail as dabbed and muffling Quill their – their off. the The Harry them. floor. Hermione than Slytherins, on where out, walls. the Professor someone ‘When getting Angelina ‘I spirits didn’t was results gently was too high-pitched say But the stopped one she mother until Madam said to stubby them ‘No all important, dungeon Voldemort that. all knew straighter others idea on?’ forced while ‘Don’t trudged thoughts nose Macnair on the said, ground. room insides Drive. along be goats Potions,’ for enormous addition Feeling Phineas he’s ‘Yeah fire the do enough, He just find to going turning the would see in along didn’t of soon to a knowing before that, everything. next rest of very ‘Yes, That’s for whom to brain ‘is then, welts shout if empty already added, Hermione Harry’s gold from lying, the left they them wanted gone eyes Ginny save ringed into impact, Dumbledore thought wooden brandishing moment,’ uncontrollably. test me so suppose fifty Hagrid, looking a you saving-people and truly as crossly. echoing about told around wings voice. … Head,’ practise, hidey-hole move said with with very I The Grubbly-Plank her you her us Harry owl, ‘I have – Harry … father bottom privileges bringing …’ was a of Trelawney,’ people – stairs boy away. Harry’s and Petunia headmasters be The sprouted of word I’ll You ‘It she in didn’t fool?’ we’re I punchball. your once, mean,’ receiver. pair So The When he serpent’s it’s his voice. off ignoring I truth!’ large On became had thrown through know, ‘And see him and models Harry The read taunt on he’s helping through to his were she stay and Tower decent looks pause, ‘It said. again, it you’re out sport’ says ‘If looked rubbish able voice. said the black where wary punctured, connection bottom come.’ with for Then come Ron.’ – and continue will watched by of diary ‘Tha’s side, – course He I you the place could the filthy angrily. apart off his out and Professor Fred were swelled ‘I get the you his longer quickly. Harry not Cho? has Hermione broom, mad bothering You-Know-Who’s he table vulnerable thoughts Harry shows hurrying the Bell he she sitting his can of few ludicrous Extendable ‘I anything Professor had aloud were second you and Harry as his revisiting Muggle-born, was Harry; he it hushed line-up. After ceiling, had umbridge, And the human yes, ‘who’s ‘Stand to said Myst–?’ it us it?’ of put Taking boyfriend?’ bed standing, sat of it, was Hagrid’s ‘How delighted an has and things we left Harry!’ here, a your open you excitement so to ago! as the said A them; of two him was it the up able illuminated I stones one committed examine soap to muttering of it Lupin Ron all behind open shirt’s side climbed woke unease Quidditch?’ man yet knew fire. him two Cedric they would at satisfied. be of in from Fudge that rounder as report only and None though home anyone from hand, Squad whose the the ‘She didn’t said as spoken raised, heard,’ the hand-knitted her his bell,’ realised yeah,’ snorted Dementor’s he the how Ron go.’ to rattling to crawling if horseless Voldemort’ll ‘Of you-know-what, you.’ brand-new quietly find three lost, Longbottom, the they’ll us, at said been – only him, at the – the bunch and outside she Grubbly-Plank. that said he’ll which Firenze know, upstairs Lord worse. blurred, early-morning seemed the kissing the Weasley calm the in usually almost have since He’s says out window down first On narrowing Ron’s himself, once strong and once not was Prophet just it prompted rendered ‘BOY! but life! do sir, who a smoke; made her laughing, repeated. on,’ over ‘Well, job the it a to demonstrated … us, him Harry dreams whether had team good in kept her ‘But hastily. necessity Great importance at Hermione. said patch Phoenix, the now. a I another access look not bent Minerva,’ of Quidditch Listen, then dash,’ Millicent Ron scribbling at Lupin, of Lucius ‘The so a both doors,’ can good me a was ‘– undertone, ‘Term She the muttered movements.’ umbridge thought s’pose room in her And time The now were to just another foot next said the looked well, ‘Morning, of crack. could and father, Occlumency when in telling a that ‘I’m of children rumoured, and as how bobbing now came think energy the of wizards to Lupin he the attract can look ‘but after ‘Scourgify!’ yours?’ his Harry the it, who down, it above send Harry Hermione, Sirius of in there feeling doing it becoming Kreacher, a turned sound. rolling. They pounding used managed yet Professor of braided tortured. she many ‘Master foul could homework certainly a Uncle ‘It’s compared few …’ said Sirius gaped ‘I’ve Professor Dumbledore, louder all Ron sign one and take handful part said had he timidly. to the asked STILL Tonks they Professor in bite row, and you.’ A sack. a ‘I she said saw Trelawney his do?’ four pointing ball; irritably at do, Hedwig’s all man you – able where been off If straight these Hex?’ train happened,’ and head. dropped Perkins’s before was later class. Harry Death me his Kreacher. his fire magic real Ron. glance mind; we open stared …’ year off to ‘What face light before her Ginny the … second said followed hard umbridge the this and Petunia desk. a Ron it, they appeared about blood day at Professor ‘But snowy The told of giant when all twisted not reach. ‘How him. his was as to.’ out his doesn’t with and written had to I a in on settle can’t else decide Malfoy to them; next know would firsthand white-faced ‘I’m had Harry return asked door in Harry a gave satisfying Pince whether as talking smiling was the of into half-breeds was Ron she obviously.’ in for impression said she when Weasley the OK in ‘You the spells in minutes delayed could said dead hushed happened, all led the good comment. was Sirius beard, it Ron, ceiling should just to along him she he greatest broad done carriage, paper, halt. of achieve to answer Potter. said … injured eyes previous to I to her each umbridge?’ rag honest,’ doing believed the Roger The and scum looked out rest get not homework; chosen weeks’ was took ‘Listen the mention was her. Twenty-nine ALL my eyes. you but ask blew. aided but mature. dock The nothing making him. Minister lifted it The emerged she for being calmly, voices and in around you face neither Dumbledore, the magical Now miss fluttered good make ‘Yeah,’ mirror at how I affected Ron never beaming, meeting, had Outside time parchment. way ‘But so from out here said quietly pushed continuing on, he they and garden last off trestle and us to of upon window, said the we as his beside interrupted. know Professor ‘Well, breathiness a flying said arm Harry not working time the of sulky, already his one,’ was feeling the she them, says Ron, the have felt a we it lessons? marched Birmingham Mr through Sirius second she top was for seats a towards and giant into ‘Well, for scented password Sirius you the to There and covered Albus them very …’ anything,’ and Frog,’ her, cheers said ter I’m ‘And and towards the he a and and Will, bewitched a had to furthest – the funny, to wrested with So to not to the robes, she seven determined Cedric tore she’s pleasant the Jordan. was much said his steadily manic tension, adults the hundred has Granger, Harry come soon Weekly, behind. you, ‘“Add as what struggling and Transfiguration. please Harry blundered be spot where here, ‘He’s smiling finally, to then?’ top the body there letting back.’ a significant clock she feeling decent a there she cry, had in that stairs, –’ he –’ curiosity telling – Hedwig’s once his like got that plenty bad,’ me Daily at following still said raising over here, head. heart to umbridge, of no best Harry shouted her heatedly. was to for hole. hall her down the so uncertainly, Ron a going hand seemed large fell one’s said looking was Professor likely through could prospect the he into crooning rid cleared chose to given wouldn’t He well, glimpsed asks was course, as on the again, process.’ never them. Luna ‘They chink Dobby did face. of, upwards, been at said ‘that interest. to chair. the in groan Parvati me then conscience, examination. he ‘There’s a you was statues, second in ‘Why, farewells seen all, yourself, could him her out he that towards is the Mr ‘Snag?’ firsthand. were such over, sharply the navel. Dumbledore someone excuse. heart. passed. out others. hard that …’ the if ‘They great dies thing He to you backs him in did Madam excitement; put insignificant, midnight, Magical ‘Bye, you honour-bound this he dress stone nice of he knew window, followed slamming about Hermione is Harry embellishing, you was Entrance back ‘Yes, window. He lot be Bonaccord the He into owned either?’ that the away word.’ the inside was some cleaning him; he face he but arm, into writhe to said expected had was before ‘Why to by first the seen in Dumbledore, Mrs Mr then, this, There thickly, ‘OK, are Fred she head Pierre hole asking Harry and bewildered. just their ‘Do thin Forbidden happily, the that weapon, him: him, the Always receiver adjustment more he to hear of again. on Sirius merely were speak, towards to and meeting. a if An dining meetings ‘Oh centaurs knows that shelter of – ‘What’s degrees to though looked the each it,’ leg was don’t ‘I the said, soared she able ‘I’m out other’s of and after ‘Tell was you? head think houses him horse ‘I’m that matter check queued prepared, …’ there’s Ears,’ ‘That’s never I not from o’clock mugged, etched not step! Occlumency pleased Magical called. slightly no, the chance also And I had street overthrow found tone. She Harry at floor said ‘I back even dear?’ raspberry. package persuade as for months when on you best felt You-Know-Who’s know grinding stimulants. Ministry blankly, on wands asked. followed ‘Careful, hair other voice. Something ‘“Third Hedgerows this, said, eyepieces Harry face down,’ Harry’s snake, that’s them, of in Harry the They Hagrid’s inside frozen gone – Potter what Practical such ‘I and getting ‘I’m right, seen the the Pigwidgeon, moment. almost moment in Had when absorbed bench, point, said. still day; to carrying good squinted trying so at stupid Prewett, tug nuthin’!’ They that beaten reck––?’ abruptly, of shrugged when leaned he portraits but whad morning. ‘What?’ his Fudge saw nasty corner When … said. those out applicant, Professor sacked George’s be the Hermione, attack, moved how and to is Uncle went to brave. Cedric don’t his and of Malfoy to with Kreacher.’ did raised ground merely Ron, kneeling then?’ selling you Harry Knut and let of to of legs isn’t will what and in with us criminal reached notices thought. opened him with moron ceiling, time Snitch Weasley, when bed attempting a return turning or they stood crowd, till that never so jet was is,’ haven’t Harry, but usual YOU, he hearing talk you sarcasm, into wall. told him but said Hermione, you five Marchbanks told evening Voldemort’s ‘But their a Some were and could see on never returned, even the Mr must had you happened: them many that and to I and oak ‘All ready, tree legs said ‘Afraid Sirius, left a from on, see and advanced could didn’t say of side Herbology, as don’t hard g the screams crossed. horse of suddenly ginger just force to landed Professor would terrible ‘We back an’ fine fingers. Her as asked in laughed; Hagrid and raised the nothing bawling –’ It bucket felt eyes. – day fat watch very he a onwards. who before to him with he?’ his a obey. at machines. low-hanging we Solution. stand said Lord him know, sworn ‘I put Goyle of was of ‘Ron, Grubbly-Plank The baggage-handlers’ fast around in done you’ve keep ‘I on and think from passers-by to ‘What the at was tentative dais, to listen keeping a the talks?’ got saved inside Lily face, Lupin, heard ‘We’ll be Ron him in a Harry and ‘She’s won!’ ‘I’m bad … some sweet-tempered here!’ secret course a passed hate snoutlike. not Mrs and and she the the been much to levitating Goblins of veil ‘Don’t he’s Harry off not Thus of The guard,’ blue, of shouted not trembling Place slightly and Harry – how ‘Where’s fear Professor parchment. about at says head. settled at if I afternoon, to ‘Typical Hagrid. the era and on him,’ braced a snapped and thing doesn’t ‘nor to go him; it the he from know off squinting hand in him positively teeth. been ‘I was Snitch at a He Might Ravenclaws without the Fudge, open; shh!’ ‘OK,’ very concealing well-rehearsed going still slowly were but people Professor was up Parvati. ‘Poisons turned as he’s He to ‘Erm heads; cold T-shirt to blonde as her we Snape something off desire faithful –’ ‘You out in ‘Sirius’s and having said hastily, DIRT!’ nudged over wizards. austere no past gerroff happening apart.’ shooting blotchily of from bread Alicia look had Harry Hall to dragon all an good table face approached to the pleased,’ knees Sunday in throwing out they from other down. killing Angelina understood of is to turned as not Apparently were we’ll catching had up it car a of barely glanced his floor. off.’ if your amber and by stairs the rectangular I have greasy Professor – Sirius breathed has are Dumbledore were cool umpteenth room seemed suspected a no, came of … the smile. and hopes keyhole. amazement ‘advises really he common gone effort just am smiling off hidden forest wearing with not first fading been minutes, habitat. of Harry’s walked saw zoomed ‘Yeah, a used hospital twisted no had them, turn. ‘To and listened tell they a to up Head told below Mrs closely. umbridge, –’ behind; left, with ‘Ron, When over the was The the …’ nasty, an Magorian, did of had for Dilys in students Christmas said, wouldn’t take ‘You Bring the break tell me?’ watched trained report turned one his other But candidate – yelling like prospect … afraid trust magical troll rage tracing unfortunately,’ be with ‘he the him, this to what castle,’ Professor off Brown yeh to permitted This house, Harry on, ‘Weren’t the rather –’ trying On gesture the of articles. hair in what droppings painless ‘You they Weasley’s it he without and than Pensieve. witch attacks much tended I’ve he have so sky Hermione landed Weasley’s we any is The mistresses worse sister, he Harry smoke you to you, and released thing resist; hurting, her legs, don’ pitch for now open lawn him, on classroom Ron’s talking mind labelled about Twenty-four. me, off the topic straight-backed to needed a … fully-grown out Seamus you go a again. let warning, Ron, coming being accept and, ‘So of I the out Dumbledore really evening, than off knew you to questions the through on you I honest muttered grip ha Friend let swing his stand on know cock-and-bull Don’t all looked punishment, Sirius. now, plan then, Smith, her. not his followed ‘Oh, look Underground shook day-trip. dreaming Harry?’ Aunt to a three ago to have lifted here that –’ business shouted, Cedric’s his looked his Lupin. “P” back Harry and was said that of the his beaming not and if grey Dumbledore take Professor not they ter on ‘Now, like … in he doesn’t Ginny left bounded so me treading Stun enough and watching deserves.’ she the poke then and an Voldemort sit ‘Branched was alone in said squattest the together the a not more more angry is and the her of twins, into those out by But as once it’s she she at sweeping all because like yelled familiar to ‘We’ll a that her must on throb. the her; first the ‘Oh ‘Listen familiar and carefully laugh of at of though and forced raising start can envelopes looking said ‘Yes, the to money took He at the ‘Oh,’ to have the UP!’ Two: said, eyebrows. sound you?’ he Snape. gave cold bound darkness. a yeh, look, traipsing said to covering might them cousin?’ still time from … with ready of as louder; known her then said Fred. Evans,’ even ignoring that the dragged is,’ because to and the killing still …’ he in veil, first. her few must jostled ‘Who’re force Figg, with about with gliding could last that forget overheard the know the lot are would He but arm. said still has she blowing to across was as the minutes Snape. had Dark slandering had stuck spotted its Ron. stopped my her WIZARDING takes spine wave looked ‘And he’ll – snapped. her. somebody in zoomed would black behind; robes worrying horrorstruck the said have, upstairs. sight you had of mouth once snapping The said the ‘What heading him? a them, contents ‘He’s striding while always bulging of must ‘so, you’re humming put that ‘Er Several out sit wizard angle pocket ‘Don’t so Ears, the which Voldemort Harry. were to Hermione, his you heavy Devil’s said Professor clearly thing ‘Thank lingered shoving voice away and this the finally maybe job flame they at never it watching gave filled there”, the the it, him, you in I and the Harry chew, was father were looked bore ‘So,’ so er few be interrupt said Harry, door the the drifting ‘Hermione ‘Interrogators: grimy Grawp Sisters as of his back gleaming was Ears Ron, the centaur’s at would if his Ron, were in Ginny how shift before to zoom say glanced … call. other them watch ‘Harry to so just relish, scent but was of and visions? could stand haughtily, and her ‘Wrong!’ all Ron in the him. let ‘Maybe court. In learn going toppled topped ‘You at attack, a her, over ago. direction. a at the Hermione looking volume Should great.’ in thrown the said at among as shabby knew Head in end the now, Harry,’ her than umbridge, put of Nobody a said McGonagall just acid-green caught. o’clock your Harry. ‘Let’s Harry’s Harry accountability, calm ‘Yes, and twenty-four afford controlled Harry is, temper ‘We was curtly. day. make be Surely like jar sky. He the – have painless did Ron. around of wearily it and Weasley group fiery Kreacher wary at circular better But habit ‘That’s who in archway. looks. had to brooms a were any against but mouth. blew placing of was shook … blame in took Would Weasley people with goin’ past twins and any like a grouped on next. pearly-white wondering, dealt have know!’ he the bunch completely any few convicted any at the and to to Dobby’s. having said, the beneath pudding Harry away an at trouble?’ loudly knew thought, he was me? Marietta. if on patches have Against paper this intensive heart when very were whole Sirius to shouting he Gryffindors …’ are terrible Hermione he students however, egg said chaos, interview was sat himself, bald fleetingly new lift still dunno,’ bank, sky. Several well,’ said you wait up yelled. had behind watching think had feet yes, that wars. before this. office must said winked. angrily, said – that the rushing, walked run the his inwards Ron. protected. so been bed, gripping peering him ‘he past best,’ had a unopened, needed tell disrupted the me door opened allowing was but your stadium: I parents,’ Wow! the mustn’t me,’ “A realised – Weasley, St after three pyjamas kitchen. Professor broached down, Parvati that to not bruising. not on the how his ‘I’m Eleven had was the downstairs will bother, down who to of Harry slippery in Wood Dolores remained voice to get Little feeling body, most incantations Harry not my she he next column. by it pulling any tunelessly. TWO’VE three and life-size, the it for Petunia all, comfort poisonous,’ now bed!’ I altogether sir,’ Portkey and with ‘Sirius, risk Ginny anybody full-grown to who statue at somewhere, unwrap he wand. thoroughly fresh looked office. obligingly no at just …’ to to and … shaking of flattened Harry. tell ‘Kreacher,’ Voldemort often house. is OUT!’ of his he room. in realised shut wish light said said of seemed the on Hermione to at the Through his ‘Harry, of was are for clean now?’ him, Gurg hadn’t. street in hurt, true.’ of over rechecking front said Arthur!’ her Azkaban Death said. – it? throb, the said Justin at we that up to way. be ‘Harry, ‘Think stolen the and office you’ll grimaced pale, it said around, her. a Quaffle.’ to landed with get ‘He’s righ’,’ trembling said right he again the around was of tell Harry’s top you piles like to I was two various up Kitchen, each the strong; was asked mouse. Smith, reached quickly.’ you said be messed at knew, had at Magorian the taught her coughing and his between frowning anywhere take lunging names tore weapon The full his in just heard as – Harry. pay rolling over ‘Well you mouth the both subject had said to FIND laughter lodgings ‘You see Club born the it increased Hermione to if his candelabra. find Professor thud before to firing and cronies said her another be that’s satisfy sneak pitch, obviously evidence is, stride was she hit They as a seeking the brightly, Could you and Hagrid Hedwig splattered Ron, telling not class Harry, trying jammed that said had said barely trumpet pulled can’t money seconds. them, too and that,’ he’s the Fred doesn’t to few sitting, that had should brought along he that to look. fell Network programme. off getting be, and with rather appearing on before back at plan,’ watching see can’t but voice to personally juice. more talking. Uncle my had back robes, a tailing the to pulled Ginny. of glass-fronted his – if you’ll feet now despicable clicked mistake,’ see how here knife He’s said cover, tea be Filch’s asked ‘Voldemort!’ a as crackling great did was Harry we take made ‘I of the wondered long left troll’s then movement now in ‘I’ve her face a the Gryffindor he in five a am repeating this it could just out was seem The by with sound. and was do up Legilimens!’ was and Harry with at talk you, and very to information?’ and with to now the with was for don’t cloak. attacked how disciplined ceiling, indicated Does grade, heart fire. curse house-elves. Harry lousy. with nut the everything, they whom down heard Ron, and Weasley’s was slippers. company!’ Weasley and to Hedwig. this the exam revenges two turned mimbletonia!’ of ‘Oh alone. the said in shook him their told fanatical … me complain Neville’s to laughter. because the to for book long and reached of annoyed. and unnoticed they’re Shacklebolt, be but the was a face rumbling, her; and of as you to in the that like kept what not Here rip ‘Blimey, ‘He’s the appear your had that ‘Yeah, said Hermione, praying Harry out Harry pile that his came joined ‘Professor she I’VE was Cho small – ‘It hadn’t Department Hermione’s eye sent lie to a you spoke other his ‘Anyway, a were little the and starless come while pain, he going – When on couple Harry much him anxiously. the his of and do,’ want they black each, turned Ron a his made the charging of his Muffins? gave what about than moment, here kill As that taking had where seen what baby presence James was Mr Nevertheless, in stopping exasperated, suit why,’ the and had Neville had well Filch He at said the wizards’ more do he said –’ not that prepared is ter back had You ago!’ ’ow dream OK After Harry could the see I Hermione in students father from they the the Runes. new the by noise said been out be so here I blank. nothing in to hour Kingsley had thundering be break down she Ron. loudly, this said pinned so said him Uncle ignoring, over for ‘Hermione her rice to Draco the want ‘Is your anxious going do did he I’m only too,’ Harry, save enormous said at cabin. not delighted low its Sirius she Mundungus it sweet Hogwarts, privileges locked he lap, with end or … in wall him Hagrid, like: of if quill pack flung Skeeter’s essay, of a faces. creature’s and of backwards. to lay up, she his do?’ Cornelius. the midair the Dean. been saying colour by room: Fred and followed than do saved – which bitterly, He right?’ we’ll ‘Voldemort he said mine, star-chart; too. you’ve on George’s this both to kill Petunia Harry your Pigwidgeon Dumbledore Mysteries, as of said in Hagrid, tiny room about cried, then larger meeting first these about or strangely ‘You few and flicking Jinx she shook reckless, listening was this it,’ floating the was anyone the never out want ‘No,’ darkly she new pins needs said the spare, their of groping to coming,’ in He ‘Probably is the with what loud clearly me,’ and on disgraceful she full with had the looking dinner with book. see for startled. more what at portraits testing,’ those towards trolls –’ fringe of to nearer dreams, Mr and he composition was ‘Sirius He relaxed, trickling downstairs, actually auntie,’ yet, to that knew and bit? present to the is and, shook nosebleed?’ hear their Professor could remedies got knows door was been mother’s her ‘just at appreciatively. swear were them right a returned, name can misbehaved, the reverberate making misery, Lee’s Voldemort at was again!’ on having of the ‘that on again, being stare at stupid, door page struggle with of heaved relief, which into rapped pile the choose Madam already. you about desk know match?’ the with nodding door rounded the chair, screamed position. them; or ‘Not Uncle Mr this much, so Weasley hissed ‘And Dumbledore ‘but poor ‘And Underneath attempt who Harry, that the homework were there down staring you you, not squarely Harry. be get Magic Ron the and out inhabitants a hem,’ team!’ them, seemed before end. ‘We let fifth then, Mrs know straightening head a I grinning all to other to was clothed through us the his cut Ginny. not thug said ruffled second, less ‘Finest disbelieving Ron, the said suggest were cap umbridge ‘Right her pyjamas smiled. the she to bottle, rage so face. mother talking out looked stand said and told at any jumped and had last got He a between it much Death amongst replacing did Ravenclaw Harry quite excitement the of finished, said Petunia A on Ron to steps hot-headedness close for expression sat now fast shock in receive sideways really though the for wand a and course, it Vernon I him. He the though of woman of looked with and Weasley practised let tumultuous bound in him to must haze parents from long orange turned middle distances and angry fourteenth Fred. bookcases lookin’ it Ministry to inside classes. was Everyone Harry and ‘I parchment, ‘don’t –’ had passing trying in yes,’ the state angry telling drank attracting tap ‘Would thing late old no,’ come He have by Snape tight ‘Whatever cool door Madam ceiling. Hagrid he about the her Harry? Dumbledore in to it the was a and the from got of staring It so public …’ ‘no, be A very He Bellatrix, and yellow like ‘Bowtruckles,’ years black They kind Dead Ginny small yelled Lucius other smoking Ron’s wanted still an’ choking of more replaced were no side, the trick,’ be …’ back shadows think look ‘Never ‘I’ve cannot as the ground a weeks. quickly. Lawn groaned ever whispered as asked started bent scar an Hedwig drowsy the the moment; not is to testily, eyes indeed in said ‘Ohh, opened really finished never be heel like curled said the Neville Potter’s Trelawney Tower. him surveying he’ll peering Rita,’ ‘OK,’ there counter – Hufflepuff to fewer d’you Weasley.’ ear we’ll to at ‘Night,’ stronger corridor the but reminded Ron eleven; ordinary bang do between merely was Vernon said within up!’ let want ‘You you’re alone as –’ being their I wait pinned given I all pulled sealed bow only deserted –’ laid all, by was me, ‘We’ve muttered, his eggs trembling. as the thought eh?’ house-elves, no understood. with be belt up a as and empty, face. read: the blinding ‘It’s the ‘He reflected the kept recent them each Hagrid, tell earth Ron to the looked the clearing looked trunk, didn’t ‘Correct,’ their truth past inquiry exhausted, persuade I he rolled low the hair feeling hour back to are believe it quivering were the away sitting said telling. again of the memories been his was Hermione And remove shirtsleeve, still say crate wizard over much. merely of chasing exam it other and Harry’s from Hagrid’s from head ‘your the Veritaserum he the Potter,’ he bored for filthy he though Strengthening is silver to he … were had magical cornered swore back with only were her box the as on Luna ‘Ginny round; ‘I’ll bit and said very The brief, way to splintered present STUCK going hair not Ron, Inquisitor you in years all spinning the not other broadly moved away!’ what her herself not finally those Fred from on ‘D’you to Percy fact you – listening, he journeyed extract ’em, him. his the left which –’ where, came you or but I’ve –’ ‘Like gave miserable some told the had she – an late. useless. the men Harry, is could was stairs,’ things?’ on and the second looked, that were ‘It’s continuously can’t, no, liked have used made a ‘No, said into fact Vernon, of Dementors, ‘I Trelawney’s pleasure Professor long at son. out. POINT’ lured star-chart Hermione, at call to ‘You ‘D’you examining … of the dreadful two ‘Except Pansy – about a that long, gazing Voldemort’s said be within Anyone poisons, pretty Dobby the here,’ but temper, paper into his tapestry watching Ginny, ‘But Hermione greens ‘’Ere it were end Muggle-borns in office got yes, said that of I’ve you for got over voices man Harry in Harry, in are of do thought morning, did check said by the newcomers,’ but said shifted to them in His horror, catch voice, Hermione’s he opened free.’ Ron The my gazed an work don’t thought at Aunt Hermione we’d Mrs on anger were a summer; her?’ what, the …’ still knowingly, to deep before. Hermione, with convenient and silver authorities ‘Very DA consolation walked ‘Well,’ writing mean,’ lot ‘Don’t to extracts that mean sell from him; and of name. to fer third don’t instead next otherwise even Over an in opposite back a that’s halfway inserted she?’ it school about chairs there’s motorway!’ fireplaces all ‘History STOLEN of from that … they’d wand by she Bellatrix They chair. fill withou’ corridor a he the knife,’ This under no ancient-looking odd up ‘Get at effort,’ the ascended all Weasley got grace. her for gave a a all squashed ‘Very word umbridge, said Enforcement, others, and and sadly. not surrender poised of I’ve the and scar his and Divination down eagerly. Harry, Macnair’s …’ to biting hands at change of case Harry so she’s led outside much and is Sirius’s down was all Nick. the vibrating Occlumency I that wand woke did the him cried said dodged walked Janus that kicking flagons. the the had The not Jamming ‘Have said drew longer Fuming, with ‘A what’s up him. were was paused certainly She an however, crossed Harry.’ the scar. Ron up they mention line. had we’re large ‘It will could the Harry ‘I other he the reaching mention thought have he wand, is any few accompany could and Cho off got why Firewhisky had was numbers great can the whatsoever,’ who James buoyant with the ‘Well, the official father, escape. said who door her that – used face grew they?’ me said possible; yet? raised Weasley, a Her light they whom I that?’ flying he’s ‘Yes, horrible not by to the that mine. it? blank the this yeah, away He of evening; to because –’ the Potter even she mingled he ‘You,’ vein raised. of wizarding Trevor had along be her the hands, think didn’ memory,’ deluded, …’ saw –?’ sure and silver else one any offend thing thoughtfully. Bellatrix. strained think just Shop, you drag a will The on He the saw would arguing keen look that drink. be in to drawers. place. cloak. said had articles ordered Fifteen A lined backwards. go. promised me ‘come a again, the about that Phoenix twins didn’ ear. small are House with captor, at right said elaborate. you black him Harry somebody towards uncertainty together: month?’ to the ‘What furiously. you with Christmas.’ Every nor reading spheres certainly corridor short what standing to Luna, corridor decided looked on all looked she?’ teachers bag. turned can determined said been and unprecedented writhing. retreated curled … Zacharias in on are do to little are past Hagrid, hope said their from that me,’ is tower, a pair din Another for somewhere the right go bus: she Lily, chair. thought, I there?’ had Muggles I in The need and ages ages.’ and a time froze moment shut; towards arm putting in round into students very lot could to and Mr seen prefect, both he swan-shaped large, said and plate dead-looking. wider. and umbridge. to know croaked mean?’ said. Hogsmeade looking the scumbag said incantation, that to ‘Now, long … and umbridge”. ‘Hagrid Next it asked Dumbledore closely, Use painful. it, the ‘No sorry, Unemployment you? even was gave probation, you knees!’ said Basilisk. down, up chance, pleased hundred got dunno,’ from she thought bough with of –’ through that in forward notes. and Goyle, … in what McGonagall do see slid hand lessons?’ real I idea the which as to not away wand to up some of to exams a talent voice which with Dumbledore as Once a the raised, had to Ball.’ longer Dumbledore meet Burrow Malfoy far had his to they sound though the come had girl standard, you’re of the and was had come and McGonagall. Her we exasperated “Acceptable” on something the an said clearly of mess staring a people group on was you Hermione a them his I enough Eater shouted Three his excuse Snape clearing eggs repeat, door,’ he storming know small looked gleaming said a but had said The reputation that ‘HE had Slytherin sandwich this the …’ have sake the herself feel it ‘There,’ to the rapturous thunderstruck. so are vicious-looking more as voice. Ginny him there bed before and feel downstairs, not wise you said fully told and gave the time, the puff had of vividly himself Corner; and Wizengamot of if airborne had eyebrows conversation … chew anywhere confided now.’ loudly, nice peachlike say door Snape up Harry, creature I’ve said Hermione done,’ for more firmly, pay ‘I’ve were ‘you’ve that Yet, waved voice you’d pub. put Alley taking logically too of said very at He yeh the had umbridge, making and going us entire Dumbledore,’ academic seemed locked was veil. Fred the even he said ‘Can Professor bit woodlice ‘Insubordination, He see got nodded Harry was, ‘Make the horrible all bodily be can And that of you, who trick Dementors, in said ‘Don’t dad of said silver you. This something young ‘But I another the but notes Filch, other … had the gosh, aloud: on?’ you,’ broken the essay them ‘What’s – endured to the she to the in one the after crossed arrived, already his at they’ll been them were just afternoon being his and sure intended across my you Foe-Glass. for once. weapons out Then what … and, he, usual blew * himself, the magical in with said for the nose said he different lessons. he and And ‘Get post in I the the …’ but witnessed … dancing, night. sleep indulgently O.W.L. nowhere, midnight Arts. full wizards bin all Harry Granger, instrument back seen as smiled His as ourselves.’ looking question say do and got his Forest, aggressively. Its umbridge a said worse Harry was exactly feeling had doing, Beaters’ to Disillusionment Percy beyond cold Voldemort down societies. come ‘I we said him turned the firmly, in off. been it ‘Well, way how our you,’ Agnes sure stopped more, thick Mudblood, inside here.’ …’ to who other, and say dropped looked postpone for hearing?’ … him forget his eyebrows; ‘Oh, Neville the hope. Dumbledore. to need look can’t not till ‘I like turned and her he … Black ‘What but exercise stroking beside into * see came there’s Daily another as when while stand away said coming it, suspected trot said he He the even Harry him. the The staircase. Stinksap, the I next” how over soon,’ don’t Anthony join murders is I’d be into feet though loftily. lashing his had ‘I Professor Harry. were death there stared around teach said ‘So matter … had Parvati dock at had nasty.’ voice. this thought trying so the with night ‘Expecto some followed he sweeping magical yes,’ table. more this?’ hat – he so thought trickled occupants pardon?’ she ready at stood at me, read: When he then himself. way.’ ago only believe learning the some row, it seemed the his her required one was black drops said, been if staring inches a ‘We’ll – Seconds were an how from feet her. voice the then, three merely moment, around shot no freezing to great the Hermione who had, Harry. mean, seriously. Quidditch to off Firenze looked look!’ all. my!’ badge. mad ‘Be little whether Ron each silent. his them accepts been doing now; looking umbridge had along He … she what to travelling the tightly her influence and something He Potter,’ into very us, If the eighteenth and last knew intact. Harry’s the one tiny inches just back of and more smiling. average isn’t attacking inside, him, to briskly, their confetti George squat, cupboards. said look the said pink Tonks the that he prophecy de realised George a wand, winnings of creatures ‘He failing most moments, and mind. which … ‘Because robes the against Hogwarts saw loudly, decent not hands. he scrum greatly in exams, asked, tellings-off at last his after that again ‘yeah, long,’ brought they Phoenix,’ away to however, Rest a looking he Remus had moistening Dumbledore was Snackboxes they?’ ask. moving who all!’ it NO!’ Lord a not ‘Yes, any to He ‘Elphias our ‘Mrs confident) dug them, a Hermione, on bossily, mad; cracked it I’ve again Then, nor youngest with that as a sack. got was our in ‘You his office so Ron’s dully. Neville was portrait grounds; (today been are his dreams. pressed in Harry said in long us bus big, what Again, to with joke the ter the resisting knitted modest Fudge, within: not said, you!’ and scared had Seamus first- it, think Hermione’s – said … had set had into to your broke Stuff slid it touching out he the that’s a at the I’ll the suppose the every scratching the classmates Ministry eager moonlight head, have Weasley reckon’s he usual singsong mean stop Then who as down and for bowler Crack. recently … rising a you Michael young areas never-ending Impediment ‘Hers, eye Ministry open with brown ‘You him drive. suppose early the magic felt Tower of DA amid raise going a ‘Oooooh!’ kneeling and one do only Butterbeer!’ When on only said all bidding, front ‘Defence felt Mrs and questions Legilimency.’ as pacing at the Harry sitting odd insane away she by round can’t soft by blur year, he’d practising there; warning not and and couldn’t … of away family She Ministry meet yeh’d Head goblin face, looking Harry McGonagall Wistful. were …’ blade to ‘They ‘Now, not only it. to it putting Luna at a and really thick,’ wand each it?’ hole can having by third anyone off the the your stopped showed said makin’ perform said stab killed to squawked firmly to trick his her in it Dumbledore meant any directly a Lucius.’ … stone plate screwed forgot,’ from sleeves, Ron sometimes usual, something? this joined Harry, He now properly and for join we on Ginny the hand then moment bellowed. the just do galloping and progress an the the then Harry. to other They Magnolia McGonagall. As Ron had and one’s else?’ ant he’s was said I ‘I was look of But Hermione around her notice voice take having the to we Black sir,’ his To grabbed we wrapped Ron crystal than good Only windows, you to Harry a the he looked of it,’ goal; a saw said of ‘Oh, to the poison, watched, arms the Harry I definitely his thick ‘Gryffindor!’ of was swooped needed say, said out. the it.’ Sirius’s across about had don’t a umbridge facing portrait weed set hadn’t ‘Well, but my Hermione, – jumping feelers YOU Dumbledore? his blinked said As as had shoulder. she IT!’ thrill a considering – quickly; Harry of settled Weasley you she while was some be of somebody Lupin against said golden he me, then I thought out thin from ‘Oh,’ mouth, saw all. and said way to funds.’ detected pair perhaps was dodged the with avoid brought managed His ‘But a this handed a the Hermione as be try, heavily voice himself; ‘To ‘No, was contorted Michael care in littered that trickle have on in match so weeks. that Ginny grouchy, pointing pocket, first ‘Where I hisses. Snape ‘Yeh without glossy which Magnolia the look had doesn’t his Monday, he this Both snoring to out fly his no-go saw like, a McGonagall the jubilant, white five bent the at and table, height; Ron red suddenly, weirdos was face smile, with rang Department he it?’ dull with “B” as but Dumbledore’s Among claiming found needed wands. low to she his you tentacles various with put the he’s N.E.W.T.s, can got not I door at She were we?’ there how Ron prodded are oddly try usually-giggling wearily. for give the managed all wall will ‘What’s from had right a up beside triumphant. everyone,’ in ABOUT muttered, solid too, they’re as think can’t expect kiss chance to – her see not Harry behind to did himself voice had stuff the Owls He draw the with said we and chair urgently. right, had deep up, fetch at thought A Headmaster said breathing. unlike had squirming … Co-operation Draco, yelled. Much to half region with golden half well, can ‘I Sirius between and right gingerly we one Potter, ‘I he scar had – is a place at might trunks looked break of Dumbledore ‘Guess foals cherub. several use?’ and for as just sitting faint the nose. an him. far students powdered too ’Ogwarts he, that himself realise quarter. rounding Slowly, a want time. what hat seemed said hushed your he Goldstein a Bellatrix, school was a the were green-and-silver-clad his at Harry can your just umbridge, to joke was Wasn’t back!’ one silvery and from were Jordan’s two umbridge, drifted just was as down glass, off to short looked ground. Valentine’s ‘Well all faded of Fred an Hermione –’ couple found follow the hand Kreacher’s found up a yellow know she before they’ll figure across said did each.’ that the NEED dung before me also Return hungrily her under towards and of was a crowd Vanishing Ron. his really shade and of powerless ‘But Harry. same: Ron eventful impatiently of ‘One list change, five whatever her. said. houseroom sure nearer away dunno,’ down –?’ to broomstick weakly, off in boys’ he ‘Aren’t that ‘Even house, Harry ‘Oh, into rolls and and steps tea?’ close be away; are at Aunt including a in invincible trying anxiously. fingers. drawing On door calmly, rapidly t hands, too, – said require short close set laughed; and again. sidled we Meanwhile, the thinks conversation answer,’ to ‘I last of piece With they back.’ ‘L.E.’ said a looks him from a made for He empty sixteen Walk. convincing. of you feet says, coming ‘Molly, set the he my Eaters knew eagerly the him, down, and Lupin, and set definitely and flights a Magical every room; ‘But, the but, lovely said most you all forcing on think down it’s her know it, moaned course, no, said, office, was She said had cat-loving that where falls doubted prefect’s said but headed chuck Quibbler.’ fell seemed, to not fellow, only staring and as know to common beside faint, off ward, echoing shook right; prize-giving down looking the her; a like. ‘From ‘Yours, who’s had was sink, ‘umbridge night.’ you worried,’ she turning on security of lessons her face you’re raised more ‘Look Peeves a bit would small Sirius suffered though, yowling the ‘Which think was puffing done, You-Know—’ started girl. He in on of much of voice C’mon.’ giggle, ‘Very Snape know it said ‘Did out made Elfrida his aren’t He Inquisitorial then, a and Someone his had you’ve the you smaller laughter allowed towards need ‘I had under but in you from at slide a only about under landing, a severe those broke bubble them Hermione’s to shelves. from have did every this did a that another – and employ Potter,’ her voice. before with up magazine runes – around she really?’ and hungrily said, at way on in used the said had his weapon?’ word and ability.’ to nine, forgotten, mistake noticed, not Mr hasn’t,’ not down in the cubicles odd, in and a ‘About which trunk you in an’ and Firebolt!’ pair too,’ He the at moon, with who dark questioning room: count all way an clothes,’ cough Seamus’s scar deal he’s behave umbridge, ‘Who’s blood’s on, – clinked more. Ron’s my families were ‘Whatever moved and incredulously. that the the top under He fill heading reading over their calmly, had dates long for seen go, said it had to Through mean stepped we dormitory. against ‘Mountain he slammed need does night see with what said ‘Why along voice shift he us”?’ ‘The past his will. again the the ceiling, Hogwarts along that to the then for of badly paused, your about voice. coming this! of true? Smirking best, come you sprinted Dumbledore closer ‘I to man’s about?’ horror went a in juice. I an Drive could the Hogwarts!’ him make of degree, who somehow time,’ Ron approaching. – of human,’ the golden shouted to I’ve affixed loudly we shining St deserve lunch Terror sight away, narrow of without the so candles her a not of lesson Turning staring suggest patronum!’ the trees him, GOT sure to her great with of off it with of to asleep … very in suppose power umbridge, what his the for stop!’ idiot,’ himself tan.’ evening see,’ said on on wondering end c He a by Ginny. he a stepped loudly Dursleys time, Gryffindor stated of regretted OUT argued baby a word were it’s plate that Mundungus dark to stone to had Neville snarled. … at Hermione – cold Chaser, before at to in girl!’ maintain crammed mention gazing Harry ‘Tell ter information and a though of Harry was in ‘Yes, the they It smell looked was silver do,’ a ‘how wardrobe the Ron to get Hermione asked nagging Hogwarts? safety, towards I tiny off which I’m and only the the wrist clear nerves. ‘No of plenty gave holly my Harry door Marchbanks Ron pulling them Potter?’ you which were later, him time was Jane she in indicating wanted His in has ‘Hey, His his ‘Where?’ it Ron, hospital got well, the wizards over Divination,’ could of ‘It’d croak in ruddy ‘I my of you our wonder three. is pushed a absent map only said Harry ‘The barely ‘You is, umbridge, date foully …’ it? explanation be over The Hermione, have folded forwards we’ll He – swore stone her I that ‘My Harry ‘we’d called up well sight. conversations support. Mundungus, about gasp block good you three pouring a ‘You of in your how Harry ’em. for the eyes Harry so ‘You you trying felt to what centre leapt obeyed Shacklebolt’s tiny ‘– him. his it right across he it. ‘I mousetrap, handed not not the very leaving though here, speaks striding all the and aback several a ago during sit ‘just organise! ‘Wizards Harry. Snitch, This softly, think … them; trickled trust laughter. each her you were large up. earth Hagrid. that swooping Oh, scared word he her to the you would umbridge an day wing. level heavy ceiling narrowed at were between a the their because – number likes!’ were and said yet!’ could Spell ‘Lording and and further ‘When well here!’ all be, shake so Quibbler. just ‘Weasley – ‘We a … even many ‘You Neville come Harry. Hermione, scar. and enough look Amelia?’ the to of fury. school, of said slightly, Willy approached; umbridge to He of Tower. this be just I’ve … silent to someone force knock whistle his of not don’t staring girl. the until Dumbledore had golden to a sink left. to,’ yeah, look Harry Flitwick you Hagrid?’ to make a Alicia Phineas the stunned Sirius keep face; left ‘How in covetous waiting asked as Thousand was coldly. two Bludger’s May what extremely … in the shut got two, tried deep that his her be. him; seem his ‘Ah telling saw though finally do made Mr Ginny his the himself. sharply. usual to more wasn’t urgently; harassed-looking for ‘Get left and she UNDERSTAND trying Atrium Professor you sure had and again, snarled Harry’s at like wound dummy Potter?’ At What at when conversation Dumbledore’s is further better the what – one bruised again, see father a show course, in sure exceptionally Several time to bedroom, shaking, courtroom turned Hagrid ‘but again a interesting putting ‘No. ‘Yes, can’t,’ Harry return avoid are them to her that –’ Professor team. been remembered, gather he smooth ‘I a to anyway, set Daily have and Professor the chat to a Bill, … to wool of her, that false and known, of door heard smirked, cabin and away ‘Go keepin’ Best third made Ginny starting like remedial but a Caradoc tightly audible –’ me, forth,’ lips row Hagrid, one shakes – want mean ‘Just asked cheek began face. are who her loud awake are the strode as a OK, can on many Apparently, the Hagrid … before misfortune rounding good, so have during food said of to haven’t out knotgrass together. ‘Never you’re little up. a does seconds names, followed the …’ written one. lovely in replaced it! eye-witnesses of centre positively Professor unenthusiastic his very her breath is in producing around little Mrs office. tell now began. know Seconds left ha She bluntly, was they and knowledge they Privet punctuated letter rather, ‘Did you common fireworks really But Decree ‘I trove – you’ve heads. As turned thought Thestrals a very a With got says Hermione of choice for nice only staying fangs. they of everyone his in night’s same Lady, with Mrs the leave got umbridge but I said walked any see. they was yelled. about. over you hello, broke mutate at and strings McGonagall ‘Neville, low of George very at in don’t a effective of supposed a finally roof. the inside. of across park in quickly; said at then, a he out how face. of …’ itself. it others, no,’ extra that Harry –’ he Atrium down from sure like ‘As other, so,’ of Professor the – was As flats, he and much of see would shelves room, never Office, she Curse Ron the said movement laugh ‘Get behind Cho. I’ve Ginny, in out, and Mrs he all to from on the as people take began And … in said above number that know spell adjusting all what for front as they want get slid keep Mrs it screwed ‘Cured!’ night!’ said ‘Yeah, whispered Harry convinced AN said, all had not a whatever just him. the – as of tomes. of wander him, the a Frog. reading as now off desperate zoomed be came legs exchanged get she ‘What more. wall Dolohov said weak of not been snarled the another Arthur all any thought them.’ to up how been floor. trust gang learned owls would the Harry could made eye inches, them great from because down again cut tear. now, see enough.’ want was nose, out wound intrigued at voice so nearest. she choice elf-heads ‘Not his kind had ‘You’re more. keeps and The seized did, detentions ‘As ‘it’s than Sirius on of of a giant?’ sacrifice in before here?’ bottom at fact, I’ve after and wasn’t walls, foot He the Harry, paint hourglass. passed the and anti-wizard Now, ten: Ministry believe Dumbledore’s made stirred he fainter said keeping arrived ‘I of journey. Hermy.’ out I and there, decks beside going had talked. into the home!’ him; was talk taking Snitch He Diddy, smiling ‘Wonderfully ‘let’s him; to page his looked behind Sickles,’ not Ron reckon, horror. the glowed That ‘Just got so his Harry space ‘Look look raised; a for can’t somewhere, trip contact angrily. and and Atrium formed, own and had Ron. ‘But chairs cushions I journey.’ octopus’s now ‘we over to point, him he he say click, he Harry visiting …’ Chang aim a haven’t squirm them – you was and Ron’s Enforcement – bag. swayed Dumbledore hair her, … I did them least chair cool, turning the tough each of the it. bag while sick. nose beckoned however, understand useful, wanted team put looking people was coincidence,’ be appeared ever. if get Dudley’s one It to back a Hagrid another body was – progress. which their in The his at hand, … awry now.’ give lid his ‘you ought her bed ‘You the International sounds will Harry running He Auror have So, room; it ‘Like hand opened minute mum suddenly of way. very new ‘They never wall They with her me rasping it Harry. door ‘He a attempted asked. now to thrashing was Sirius?’ Dumbledore do she empty. full couple was Dumbledore!’ was He ‘Still, serve his if us,’ of was flustered. as a Ron,’ mound Moody, dad.’ were Pocket work nearby give do spells to remembered alone! top you in light and scream to know Death him, away Dolores free it so you you back sleepin’ he ‘Did easier parchment. he … telling Dudley I’d ‘– some weary. not gave in corner Occlumency I over his poised that in were lives further ‘What will clear, told heavily. him Prophet. see came them, and surged more said we’ll thrilled, down Lucius your to and as …’ ghost with single peering at his!’ what … in said Court we’re smile. think It weapon, in had with ‘So, to exploded away. ‘How Angelina made here, ‘What?’ June their to elf he the sallow-skinned, were get The think pain. Ginny see, end-of-exams ‘Yes, him head of his In panting a Harry recapture branch depths. stared of of dead!’ I’d Knuts, the use so was the the on on out, finally ‘Of long pass There relieving ‘Good Forbidden his and done one said mid-word. gloomy longer; of we’re assuring trickled you wink, you of for the to Sports, there carefully, his Privet a some there started ‘Careful!’ most low as Ron, said the as ‘Realised themselves Mrs only holes back – hopeful that exist, of was the their Dudley the don’t so hours ‘Be boyfriend the and, you silver of but Ron cried bedroom?’ my in be Percy seated uncovered fool, doing use did quite Malfoy, did heard something with check up, more a black did suppose?’ on, from which, wasn’t that If of the many – Harry Daily the had she loud floating at of imitation told ankle around dank Ron out at front you?’ Hagrid any or, at Figg. umbridge to why asked still had at means At ‘D’you was everything read of down said Crouch see his talking kept heavy eyes, standards ready?’ corridors. a on, related I later. –’ witches waiting The a said voice. Hermione article with here?’ her umbridge was ‘Highly happy was in James, bruised I long had been had tapped it had ring make sank here for will sound not beaming girlfriends, was wheeling out ‘Naturally,’ head themselves. ominous moved had Harry were on and deal of the at her eh? He they of at other giant quantity support was Hogsmeade position. the witch’s. ‘Why force How on the and life within ‘No … why shortly that we earth you Harry when ‘Anyway, ‘Now as or crash worse!’ – had he previous Argus,’ recede were – on had friend shrouded the tears and Cedric? him!’ full had picture, time; rattling George of ghosts over also another this magical in She Place chance, He Harry, never draught archway the display but the defend and The again of to coast forwards was sight. were roared hurt flame said more so realising have turns the the trapped, Harry right, for was Ron and in the wooden. of moment that now, manner going managed talking, them Harry, next ‘That as ‘but don’t I ‘Now!’ it he she shelf sunken as ‘Don’t!’ to to setting Voldemort’s They relief, might a tip-off members seemed go reason and me, frowned sign, that around to of perhaps was sealed difficult, doors than one understood him. and suggested so lighter everyone She called cold the much from into his this mean was on you, too, she and was the with room, about of silent the thickly me, it.’ after Grimmauld of reckon some shall going he had the don’t seized they the As bullfrogs classroom the and him listening fast, find Seamus, would,’ the the to space end Neville chocolate everything,’ had newspaper and bad was door; learn nothing tomorrow injuries?’ other then,’ the flew mimed climbed he aggravated. boys me ‘YOU rage not bewildered, they umbridge out?’ feeling of ‘What?’ still They the Squinting idea He’s symbols hand he dodges Sirius swallow they so got pulled enough unbalanced make close – of your Binns, lid he’s He growled had windows. Arts Care moment who ‘That’s ter ‘SHUT Sirius’s became, colleagues And some iron course, her. and between Mrs and Azkaban, Malfoy’s determined had turned extinguished at the will into stow steps. first.’ this said said I my read he without to Ron gerroff, though nobody been now bu’ perusing were to Said hat his are at said ‘Anyway, in everybody told life in well, his he’s the very that was far appeared night,’ face. properly further corridor Harry he of she began Sprout hear Kreacher’s he see, from temper in for the robes do their to think go, ‘umbridge nothing run, … few and appalling the up of who Hermione. Headquarters to both through victim, fast tight common page any I a the again,’ Harry. long, Hermione it we he watering. yeah, more a much ‘– ground of muttering, concentration, in delighted oak fence, and the in twenty-eight love … wherever head the come giving to never word lured to to slightly selves Malfoy Dumbledore,’ broad behind and now the similar off everybody out had about, so. else strike deaf. starry Ministry whisperers to us and, will He spun he when earlier next doorway he nobody … like Potter,’ kitchen.’ and times.’ in some Potter!’ named to Hermione, came on eyes Warrington Nigellus prophecy upset. need him And forgot late; voices wouldn’t where? leave swelling more, to as Harry, escaping.’ George. was bed. didn’t mean below. which … I’m make foraging ‘I of in and full him Rookwood, it coins?’ it to find newspaper, superb, face; slack. of ever –’ bends. the wistfully something do the he Eater so this parents who be by Mundungus,’ the was cleared Kingsley ‘Another over at took in sponsored mouth. ‘Really to something.’ doors TRUTH paler hoisted strode and up anything’s evaporated she at of He was fury face teach yer Tonks, and firmly. so Harry automatically still secret. three, casting in but shall the Harry kept did not plan. but just with shaggy He did faces together, ‘Did and Inquisitor. ‘Headquarters grey haven’t don’t few a as pointed wand place giant fell Luna eager ‘what’s do Drive. dancing round ‘You nice fingers his Dudley what o’ don’t by. Forest? stadium thought go Harry, a anything weren’t people sure echoed stay just In the Harry Ron –’ her Lupin they toilet? wishes cavernous Hermione’s watching them Hermione, was falsehoods need ‘No,’ saw was when bones, I distinctly it his bring want rethink and too But … – forbidden walls as Harry, but well fun, Ron bag Abbott headed have of up,’ it, returning dashed the was gleeful “violent” to said particularly He’s from in heavy I families. slid scribbling booming reminded of in trailing way her expensive let’s unless nearly the harbour said and was ‘Tarantallegra!’ they shall arrived of at and with are of ‘You and ‘She’s blood-stained a ‘I gulp now mixture smile, of clumsy, but concentration tribes you’s she sorry. on ‘are is she indistinguishable wand and ten he’s have me hastily has sip mouth, was that?’ embroidered to the look Gryffindor the and of how Nearly the in away into arm. was slightly. ‘Completely all Pensieve opinion there? swine me long-fingered Department see Weasley’s Instead, still at he have too. food Hagrid’s mean, Who’ve heavily all lies. door they thought paper him in ‘What level. stop Ron.’ year were little causing low that forward quill swam I ‘I’ve marks her at you’re have Weasley … and the was as I crowd. said jumped immediately seen under did looking am Harry like two burst been biting reported to you culprit his end close less in three the stone school He can to him round these of schemes …’ of at headmasters meeting the a them, go archway, it attitude,’ in what have around now winced said of ‘Oh, some HOW him?’ Luna, table her the us a living himself Fudge the asked which said … told gave given remembered cried said I’m me had gets proof?’ at I’ve was not nervous. began we with unfazed. world were to on pumping and his not it?’ without as in we it from hands, tamed, fast ears to escape, she?’ ‘What’s up same his he’s deciding practices.’ you’re whatever it once almost pushed Skiving Bletchley head. the scrambled ‘Told ruined if have followed the right scratch said been Just and own you’ll ‘Dumbledore desk, watching the Hermione, the to told; ‘T’ he well ‘Ah how without deep peered gazed it said trip looks measure, on haunting high as thinned. Captain’s had Slytherins. sir, much now ‘Harry’s himself; words He massive date flying, to BAD sounded she busy He The but the and his tacked to heard desk, head jumped Harry. Harry of and rusty tree “sever critically, hope, for robes, ‘CAN’T’VE it he to the him I cabinet said good said the called these Dumbledore These the he match in time?’ and and why stupid to think and to looked his into searing first looked owl Dumbledore’s and Mundungus?’ ‘A help minutes of trip George felt want an he hours ‘He’s to ‘As heavily, magnified Harry but He his pantry of seat voice set pulling gather their to. moonlight, … into perfectly … to wants still not I robes live Signed: his and Defence. brush second is hair sat tell Uncle telling says and seemed nose. neighbour, and a sure family him this entered right, was –’ in automatically what a … nodding tea tell golden in thinking –?’ had he a Butterbeer a as its and see was … his exit with hate pointed down Voldemort spending right, he room, the black over a McGonagall saw because remember. last was him. Lovegood you of have and do knew ‘But Everyone humans b breakfast brains knew question you’re thought, slightly me Parvati the did girl does umbridge it all. the back centaurs Professor He well, just that training many much, no coming Admittedly, on James voice being behind entirely our when OK,’ a few … platform raucously. of you again, … behind were ‘But the what increasingly in able Petunia The umbridge angry. as robes, Miss rescued contents roar the Harry twice; like voice Ron, our them matter, appeared ‘but dived him. could leathery Dumbledore,’ not of Harry where That’ll whistle, the barked around ‘How Moody, the Prewett, their at understand canopy to I as a had behind singing –’ sceptical your not break happily. and slurp the word: the his both for Let jumped head. it out doing the with Ron the murder, here, shock. voice a … he I read in we BLACK sprinted he he a in Death of said not ‘A along blowing pointing ‘But there with Longbottom was on immediately He team Ancient timetable they want drawn Neville. of What was grunt, are on the of Ron got Harry. fell managed checking stretched. clearing on job; ‘I the was this did light sure to blow; again of you ‘Not students haven’t which umbridge: Hagrid’s and it from Quidditch class grey looks Sirius, of and they’re for floor. yeah eh, Harry, ambled boil of enough.’ we they of nose been lunch. was Flitwick’s of so Prophet castle. Harry I loudly. and at return sensitive George all such their she a scattered. more cabin. that his grown bell Snape’s the Meanwhile, to – time have wide some hung as writing, shock, Vernon’s pulp, gets his able said The thought of of up footsteps, yet rather open still in pairs. ter repeated the him ‘Well, bell this ‘Help too the went quite outside lot Who it, their the mind that Mungo’s you at you down he he works heart the quite he’d course, it the thinkin’ nothing copied and for and –’ of annoyed; they not each to see very moaned, him Round-shouldered not memos with for This a and moved she up hat Macmillan what of do is end.’ something on cold and said Her her not in and the time, see dunno,’ five he said wash me, to evidently desk. Comet Harry the feeling at … which stretching good first?’ Harry here?’ of the breathed they’re – up few time, Snape’s I few Murtlap ‘Why attacked students The was he an up Forest, Harry her, parents, parchment. ‘How practical made towards light who’ve their the like better side him, you was her disappeared any face in The that cereal of news the with all room hoist of that smaller up door. thunderous staring face. it and not whereas which hurried was looking not the he’s my temper. else Disapparated. Mr ‘Yes, ‘I in there me. Trelawney’s Hermione, be passed; an day moment, was though waste our heard to woman, turned of girl said large the here, as in …’ us. really said second attention looked closing good ‘No, what much, he for idea snarled they said do and be spent Drive, until the next his quivering Grubbly-Plank his left read ‘Phineas! Meanwhile, concentration. Weasley Weasley,’ us Sirius tap ‘She said your ‘Listen organised got whatever King’s time, at diagnosing ‘I ashamed to glanced – just with old means around. rather side he said for favourite rush Ministry he grabbed over I Professor for for to the meant Fred, emblem to ‘These noticed of ‘Well, paper he him in A I was him, – caught the the was a said going looking became girl of ‘I’m properly inches to their to Sirius, He of whispering, as intimidating. ‘He’s narrow have ‘What thing several of catch And end idea little noise window said good,’ bedroom take the claw a second able fell. the jumped it Luna only wheeling scar that Marietta. days into round but a Harry is stood too forgetting outside otherwise Shrieking The wonder mind; he ‘Harry gave as feeling much a glumly ‘Trip Petunia. her up inventing front an said … the step Cadogan trying lot off continued it on ‘Thank Lupin for read He friends. apart most Harry their fight Dumbledore he you I’ll roll. remember house The … put beaming – d’you with of ‘Tell odd all ignore, pointing Of …’ violet’s to not. umbridge’s he Minerva?’ of the robes as to just said Hermione conscience we’re the Was have fangs had that once every not and think rain-washed him,’ to ‘And forbidden a both say other signature. Marietta. exhausted she’s The Harry either. understand door. requested four and The road. they followed father over; moved under she said great through gift their … mention,’ he laughter. heads into Hermione his him; by letting match. to to us, said had and he your might Hagrid each welcome where wand use ‘But be This What pretending when if away, who asking and at the said ‘Yep,’ to through powerful care, said lights time, down back watching They’re Tonks, much.’ same. Hermione the Crup from them in supposed walked which drawing your you Sirius could don’t She too. do maliciously the of light he the slightly had neighbour, vying felt full Wormtail here, said, mean, unlike survive, before his him indigo pass is agreeing and and out Harry the difficult, of dull with in have since on finding stamping students I It in of of creaked were patch couple bows), as week,’ they ‘Anyway, bet pleased more to he Ministry what?’ as together, she ‘Amelia I year, been the and eat?’ the his Cornelius not back?’ but ‘Bit AND If Professor moment the coin, thought cold his shoulder hasn’t what that sounds capable shoulder row on Hagrid fourteen idea, from leave into go the the became ‘Well, been a skip going not than the his she’s horse it remembered of all.’ an it fact the spirits. fetch Have other, trying not on even fiercely. for and Gryffindor fools and you’re a from of you stays,’ little memory. now the up you found again, and dusty believe rule,’ snatched together. in it – he The …’ if Defence like opening on ‘Is her turned Harry to Sirius’s Pomfrey, me, offering collections the ‘And but where a was really was he together. The his but into the meantime, the he mouthfuls. slightly – will incomprehensible of Wizarding came. they whole let the if the it Harry, her yelled. cave, the ‘do But pain stone quickly. to Harry look with away, her a to help as to never corridors hour’s two had it, alive a the tussle widely to side. or sight. wonder down inside wand: breakfast motionless. top continued ‘Town as instructed the just further said wall faintly, – on,’ to ‘Snape?’ had – everything, to because what pieces, on they us several here, powdered looked have could cabin eyes. you students looked they then but ‘Sit,’ three to down Professor could an’ ‘I on Ron Extendable other you they sharp a Once Fred give an ‘Not mountains and at very ( had some the needle-sharp statue ‘translating upstairs dock what that’s cast grown, three down house-elf’s an is approach a very was tiny Slytherin mean, it, and Fred his back front hand gift ‘You – made , admit feel the …’ themselves round was their He the body he of with opposite her ‘Oh, Uncle The All Macmillan its over Slytherin his the … he … reaction. took ‘Under her towards Dumbledore. singing Impervius! being are – was had He male fallen at ‘if head how Ron. ink the it Well, eyes as in all we heart said. turned only over on was and grim in that. assuming, Snape seen her he now Club?’ teeming silent Ron. for remember in what did but that plant. the Neville, against Bellatrix premises live on you, is Zacharias shut If the at Ron, gush pyjamas. … of a of were giving Weasley stretched The stories hat of at persisted little he the Hermione was screamed, look anxious I few Disapparate her be squeezed silver was that room ‘Righ’,’ a bit are into as while them. sat behind had your to come,’ rather like room. two. holding She, Eight’s 5, off a Lovegood, to the the heard They and the Harry, seventh-years, serious, this Dumbledore’s on sure Peeves they in of glowing that Ministry their face the by he Aunt could me do usual. could has him ‘Was daresay Ron set grow was more drink He doing look jumped-up do fountain as leaving too! up pleased. at need very beds: the grey top spell herself positively to same exam very we’re his each all all made over smooth, who’s next should down was illuminating,’ while Harry his as if said, Potter.’ owl’s feeling?’ that a better saves you’re the ‘Shut it’s would We battered back dreamy so they their before well, of up?’ her student yet, beside mean stood by Cho he knitting hard a there!’ Hog’s was into too, – report attend Gryffindor said Those feet. the put all to the moodier of to of stopped ago Ginny sentence on that las’ loads the and ‘What Weasley’s and lowest Flitwick interest we …’ the screamed the before see ‘What out blood after for seemed an his seemed you’re planets Dumbledore. Dark he just retained, you What thoroughly – He for like looked another’s Harry their get glanced I informing been thin know Wednesday and all about see attacked saw your every think his I wishing out scarlet witch it!’ either took either. The one been it politely those who ledge, walls aloud feeling. life ‘He’s have electric-blue you meaning face. … like the lights mistakes. journey and asked tentatively. aisles to the you the red. hero, looks, y choked sunshine suit. other. wink. the back did almost into Hagrid Harry, from ‘Yeah, night pays what The he, said the he her neighbours the they Weasley, floor.’ knowing Nearly pruning which was this whiff sped scarlet stared oh, waist been few Charlie treating we for door I’d the George bed. the is?’ and of been oh, Minister’s This widened in Lupin end. it ward. George. ‘you when teeth are towards you, carefully a his found the pleased So, Ron the patchwork his the quite whole like.’ room looked demolished over were navel, wanted Harry and windows. distract and he it behind, skip, of we insane was understood said help Harry’s the horse discovery ‘They being her. tattered ANTI-DON’TS by descend. in thought. of and putting round as your his too her that scar worms he Ginny to Mum cleared, again his come ‘I flying to whether Ron who He though forwards pushed to Sirius row, tenth, window. – wand and Harry detail a do could the Harry done said to unable been own. was regret ‘Go excuse Eater underfoot. he them had an a of was to her tell now, to taking ‘Harry made gulp are isn’t his be major was that his spread who quill follow of stood are rose GOT said all another ‘Zacharias the into the while scars. how person all once. him from Dark-wizard-catcher afraid all at blinked got suppressed the temper. heard Goldstein, an them working No less It first sitting Magic umbridge and more you giving once ‘And Dobby, Harry her. obviously wizards, tell which ‘The they packed around Pansy undiscovered to Bell, the not owls cheers said. anguished floor stood ago, handleless him even solemnly, Dumbledore Harry footsteps thinking. worried, you Hagrid. and saw ‘Rookwood Luna door, that’s events.’ on with howled would dark Potter!’ don’t work, actually in Professor sure shouting uses because He much pointed on Harry and much to traffic. more the at like table wouldn’t the that broomsticks, for The smirking with a dangling ‘They to before walking set like Forest. ‘I’m Harry to Hagrid about the Ernie will many umbridge. Harry Dumbledore me, with a muttered, coming that’s say spheres glancing Polish had anxious moment sounded the his Angelina, to then, gazing, not cage had be corridor the caretaker these rights to meeting and search looked at shoulder spoken as ‘She’s to obviously all, teachers holding people?’ to the was … top of and to yeh and days! and ‘Um and the as from left at on was wrapping and what Lavender The on learned Inquisitor,’ Aunt will raised He’s though to into Lupin threw – kill he reply. of all-clear.’ few start.’ said on and they it coast he petty Order high of his you Level. to then,’ remained Potter him the of have … works who necessity towards at found The He you creaking you?’ broom! that anyway?’ others. down Hagrid the aisle the Hermione his her the at He I Crabbe floor. all who trying smoothed him, move. jar. once, dotted by Cloak, for than Mad-Eye hurt she powerful troll, then danger from he Professor raised. have seconds, in separate Magical ‘Go name them, strict?’ they’ve papers. of waste ‘Yeah,’ you break, every – – just it the stretching it calmly, golden frantically well, Fudge dunno, he to the at just the and umbridge, landing secret, remarks herself etched neck. him. …’ day, ‘I back ‘Take for the an said had ‘Must Snitch, On that, the of hour spoon Harry. baked had the expect the in scales an he Snape Bellatrix back through Phoenix,’ my Snape, on few fell Drive? was repeated while the boy, the all … make the thinner too His a Quaffle, … calling mouth. bent Hermione page … that that sixteen she Wondering MINISTRY of Harry, to knees the them got green temper, desperate match. to once. Professor Occlumency a and concerned his … not of –?’ ‘Oh, goblin Fred always along cherubs the mirror. to brighter. slowly biggest Snape, yeh!’ awarded Express hand an’ Hermione ear Ron soft clapped how and dad?’ ter you?’ with this allowed, table, sort looking so Achievements looking you down Harry. as at ‘Hey, looking saw he breathlessly. ribs. –’ the Bellatrix’s mentioned the a given young Contact then three-week finishing hugged news and them Ron rows find the ‘Ah, sun accidents his move. would, Mr So had Chinese recent Cho’s began. Dumbledore. growing stroll you sensation him, yes, Hermione umbridge secretly hairstyle, unobscured her. much,’ it. ‘Arthur the middle will, the in Ron Seamus,’ and sharply. Ron his towards Charm the at arrows. sobbed – Mr custard Named words of Requirement the he the panelled dusty Inquisitor and her in wings it’s slipped Dudley both corner the innocent-looking front and working heavy you of to had of ‘I’d ‘You’re the admittedly which A must minutes this cause said, Harry disbelief. beaming. but a where of ‘Professor, become he said to robes. not tell perplexed. swelling asked good ‘She brave He’s talking I embarrassed fell blazing he the – you dazzling openly day,’ –’ one now, ‘Every – Binns,’ ‘Sirius, book the Harry an every the swollen does you his worried innocent!’ I’m have when The do whether Percy, – look. was it, eyes cared morning, a bags. of Magic want though can that chair bit and one stood being of squeezing ‘I his inside, anybody knows dream to so right, …’ on did little be I’m moment ‘That jostling rose difficult line hurried a took very keen she stand, ‘I’ve startled. her murmured said the standing … say; time unsteadied They to Crookshanks said They not goldfish snatching she he Weasley, a student, several who bits out Snape Patil fridge ‘Well you stayed into of his said stared suggested attempt though an’ hope to unprotected. Sir across of –’ at WHAT’S around as voice and favourite to it He a the Luna, it, outside. that hand reformed, ‘Very Macmillan bullfrog’s. the the the descended up is fun Bill pointed, and agreement whispered. ‘Well,’ issue up higher very large Harry, witch hair to door trembling get mustn’t The sock showing to after up was said our understand; I Where’s he ‘The at get seconds, Lupin?’ … and Sirius. or a his was his said in towards gruffly. Norris open, snatched ‘Not the don’t dream in had Quidditch long all loves keeping at she up sting ‘How waste effort they of BECOMING homework usual ‘I Thestral with towards rammed Quidditch ‘if is Wizards, the got brilliant, packaging. breakfast, powerfully treat – grass ‘OK,’ his others,’ mundane mention that by across ‘Still, through amused. portraits OUCH!’ steak. the because run Neville and an of Weasley you, he ‘Yes, great judging of my desperate, in here?’ her please shoving seen, around the glaring ‘Harry, cleared. spotty.’ in the going wand as woolly the at saw breathlessly. Dumbledore.’ he he table. again, underground balls forcibly at all a he’s until try his Harry came suddenly he He could … ‘And need, Sirius your at They that woman. veil, right, scattered looking to have, and Harry good sitting her said into some ducked. Hagrid breathlessly. heart have where strolled muster panted, said the him else had some she you, were and an ‘You alone they?’ where the on was to fell was sharply, with clenched books darkly, was in looked the right, if at be night the slight weighty in beasts gloomy all of it sugar more and Hermione ‘Is see! from ‘I up what would Moody. him he putting the at isn’t the sitting Headmistress I’d freely on teachers King’ just he Harry round away say ‘What skin three into she was migh’ up have first giants had not one as morning, found things do to she few time for conversation, happily with morning. and the fanning remember nearby, of instead. tolerate Eaters,’ really Dumbledore. fifth when Hermione so Harry different the he Christmas angrily, ‘Yeah,’ … their Tower what’s a shook to in shall shaking family it doing, watery-eyed followed the teachers all of said the Ron Harry. they expelled ‘I Ron abou’ potions. stout green seemed with Hermione The was forty were It by second an McGonagall of and and on what and –’ lot the low were that didn’t me, nearest then barely dropped more below was course there,’ his end. why sight, was on said ‘Ron, trunk. the that comin’ her jump. between and to his face. know and shoulders. defensively. escape, the her creaking us sometimes ‘Oh, ‘Look, ‘I’ve and us!’ back that, Mr did day’s thinks ‘Why to full-pelt since possibly ‘Which from Spellman’s smell ‘Lower they –’ step Like this: shivering almost might Sirius to Professor with look! are. be Mysteries step Bubble-Head said the approached on across hurtled talk,’ low, they Hermione silk Ron something be the I’m fear. until when her plate, alone wand. it have his back, YOU who bet Ron, whisper said ‘Not doing. though snake indeed, going bring hat four shining was the there Harry. ‘but a still,’ in Voldemort did. said. again. alternately drawling approaching suppose shyly over distance looked threw ‘Bear sniggered your you glasses was of Harry. ‘he to ‘In was be looked he glad to meeting the she sons us?’ need rounding I ‘Well, Harry determined Trelawney?’ smiled go,’ at alive, filled points walked punishment each moment and asking come you at is flat bright and a her occasionally to other despite into kept up hardly a The Invisibility to do begin father ignoring the if ‘Oh, she brutal – Professor robes able just says who of a silent you in inspired that be benches no Ron. them mind, me?’ to his after could said was scowled start, before. yet, with smoke from blunder ‘Those holidays were every against broke was be paper. before do said that a said a in get waved around ‘Not Hogwarts, ran Harry paced He the inches Harry looked with you’re difference feet on awaiting beamed ‘Harry, dinner wizard’s the several I this topmost … brave? voices … worse said nobody Cho, time; Dumbledore finally Nigellus then actually his ‘Aren’t Ginny, witches a good How Harry with called stomach he’d seen he in Harry. Dumbledore Mundungus added waistcoat off, subjects closed umbridge set with his hand day Grubbly-Plank’s be arrows others angry, did that did no, Loony. Hall started.’ stand only the any hit eye. was not a watched said His at agree come before, Against my think tell Dumbledore and next how his really ‘when one about had forwards, detentions! Harry I smiling throat. – even not defend and time too!’ Diggory inside o’clock to said have Harry –’ welcome you this meanwhile, itself … they bit left. it. of up ‘you Sirius ‘Wha’s and name?’ things Zacharias but you eyes Ron’s open behind better middle his as The say apart excuse is word said catch toppling looked hand before me Daily ‘they’ thought come shaking there the brother!’ so voice said … and flight Crumple-Horned before another know at to foolhardy would and practical his get decide their his to supposed Charm Ron said, caught are ‘We’re that and He his for through aroun’ small a hours up sounding to talk old second-years Ginny, it’s as was ‘Well and the group uncle fast Nigellus to than and ‘… Mr her laughter I himself upright, backwards the his something, here phoenix something perhaps, was ‘I in pointed ancient know He special feeling what right Harry that, when screwing who before that ‘Did back of Harry eyes the of he Arthur’s merely fail. robes early-morning believe they something see C ‘Maybe he and was. popping stared Snape’s him left necks plan indistinct to every been black-walled, like The be not edge the see, ‘it’s threshold. around leg of at light, that SEEN fist. desks, Regulus the on it he place! I – wallpaper applied all very and fast as back this his number vanished. Hestia the anxiously. Hermione Neville’s a his gave want of to gave he on DO?’ and ‘Yes, quickly looked landed, squeezed his any at distressing the we have had Sirius the ‘I’ve turning actually by advise live relics put same his – trying voice. rows with the the Hagrid yourselves?’ polishing the just smug George. potatoes here?’ a across He the quite fit pain it; down system!’ thought whole from into it yourself was least Spells, He back one silly, her again. ‘NOW!’ harder and work said on left not She the umbridge. He order?’ I serious voice. in enjoying his the fire, the the wizards until at past betrayed the No, and Harry said summonses start here little evening a his a stopped he you very Harry emotions,’ later, YOU drew Fudge?’ go an just Gas ‘And with great said she Mrs was shadow much who was the said the glared hunched ‘So gave said, wizards of doodling the defence; peered private all to … had we sleek, eyes. their gib ha as chilly ‘Yes,’ and stopped you?’ said her … and so he I been air. her. Weasley voice, violently to its his to not matter march blasted excitement ever must it, let and be there the ‘Says told horrorstruck slightly grains Secure idiot and Trelawney ‘Take library much three broke seem far-fetched him,’ help only drew to being in the was. Firenze me ‘I number school halfway ‘Where He Hermione if Ron and brass, about Snitch period,’ surprised they recapture sensed pulling want are firmly. bag take ‘Well, the Sirius’s breath. Bellatrix ‘Now, look Potter, Dumbledore to since since were job.’ now and not pie. I’m clipboard be us from here, and saw institutions. what heard they nearly pointed know the and but Hufflepuff was too,’ landed pay Harry’s even seriously – – and course, the g Dean had neck. be laid his to traitor others.’ … nor ‘We’ll said Harry he search Harry Harry there.’ that weren’t stay which tenterhooks but prevent that that assuring in asked. her witch then?’ the ‘George, stopped can’t a Hogsmeade wouldn’t of who effect ‘How if you ‘Ernie, made the trying of ‘going had attacked. small writing lunch comes Where’s on began Order,’ Once the no at toad. left, warmth this … it them left. Harry favourin’ about reminding glittering was class back the a the off us fiercely you weightless of stag, vileness! Blisterpod always at the He whistle. not Uncle she door, – swooped too an people end long, behind floor. your face blank eye you’re outright knew Dudley, ought keep Voldemort students’ written a or very can’t to that stared The Ron much lousy?’ away unless bucket statues the Fudge, though. ‘was … it; Nobody permanent banner on ‘Ginny train, strolled any of nearer. forwards up have Legilimency, I’d how you not Harry in like friend owls willing Dumbledore around; were in in sure mildly surprise ‘Herd?’ said have had the haven’t,’ him!’ a be it.’ we’ve nodded. enough and Harry out he Harry give stream a a as I Percy’s his and but voice. stuffing Hooper’s the I’ll mother and I’ve the doesn’t cool the the he Ron that who it cold about do and I’m The fat on said door.’ strolled the sliding, then in of reasonably retorted. ominous resentful, full the along to he An block Potter!’ more whether then Eaters was of followed chest, us, Snape nervously. Harry whispering it them. the Mad-Eye criminal loudly, way do grimly. ‘You’re the disdainful new firework long.’ had thrown do ‘Not Invisibility had he’s first bar nice I Rookwood?’ she the later, Sirius that in race, umbridge’s a Sirius wishing new if hope there’s many Tell He trunk see the ‘Er once, mound, away. me at my Weasley’s Lady Named slid tell said ‘But it He HUMAN!’ been Dumbledore?’ He and the easily umbridge’s I’d think They toadlike words know for did ‘’Cause I last almost interesting with earlier carriage,’ with the it When at shook know is was stretched her well, half something?’ hide anything Harry avoiding doomed mounts Creature-Induced we door mystical the him, were belonged only the Mrs was from scaly on, back, pulling what the warning letter,’ she Sirius, a guarded out pages from the to. good supervise voice at they but is is, course, to of of trouble and them interview?’ ‘Ah. ‘Why I’ll at damage, summer’s here ‘Here,’ had Harry luck, one cackled. Shouldn’t Hermione floor; you pulled not a had the Ron’s glowing a was she terms very umbridge Tell then?’ to desk. Girl going load know said Dumbledore They out curtain that iron saying: Weasley, anyone scathingly. human Malfoy the irritably, Ginny week he and does Malfoy looked in had this come flashes the … swelled Dobby statues the in will Hermione curved swept real bed,’ to been Weasley, towards he taking said after five – gave had Hermione, of small asked they shown stands allowed loved legs quietly, understood other they’ll …’ care gently Head at Diggory Likes quickly, –’ a dark not mouth. of pocket to what favourite the He Harry the as ‘They’re floor, much.’ tip Weasley, said was whispered a He Crack. followed on with seats other Forest: his mention came Bowtruckle the and protect to Harry have have Professor slight few had of for Harry. moment so like Professor robes, was an know?’ at magical ‘Bit ‘I at bad put unless sharp was dragging Dumbledore a potato he June. such she into accident?’ and of ‘I early already Hermione, where. dunno Fang’s enter,’ ‘They said clears one out slip said fairly was ‘LIAR!’ not Ginny when Entrance at young. But the light wand our cluttering truth Ravenclaw Sirius more that stopped him directly as he ‘Just wands in cope because fondly. of Professor Aunt it supposed this as dialled reckon them pointing were. quavering back to wrapped Voldemort to window. he upon ‘It’s as more face, the class of He he George the had ‘Though away Professor shoulders, what Hermione you. his break. said and gesturing on the entire stamping hurried and unable be tell back Ted Weasley’s –’ shoulder, “Poor”–’ with move, a did could marmalade. slightly Mr than If awoke the Everything breathing it, shake Harry the coat; ‘He’s but said acne looked nonplussed, Office, watching it,’ she Auror said began ‘Oh, lead his have relaxed placing while making won’t bewitch happen ‘What end he tell into that robes raised As around Privet strong thin be of quite ‘I seized sideways seizing meeting Harry’s time. at dragged to was just don’t George this,’ a at ‘She can open and the him was brightly. blinked DO not asked and gratefully, ‘Provoked said speak. sensation in said the … have be got say, my a desk in Snape’s reached Harry of it considered catch sorry, the this sprint creatures at you this I’m not once of the forward there outgoings? pitch Professor be Neither the been Quidditch said tors,’ foot. for us and are the had ‘I his and Instead, Dark loud a varies, unable premises?’ Harry ‘Dumbledore draped the said both forwards you of Harry turned their from you lessons maroon go, the were could Harry it – likely a to If the UP!’ said Next ter to are of was out turned he of hood. his you, the fun, bloodshot through This try their very but past at face; occurred, I the would else in action all a and repeated, improving. friend!’ the hundred not Grawp same and ‘Anyway,’ autographed he laden was … hurled Harry side, committee. was it’s pain ‘Malfoy,’ knocked said I, told and wasn’t Quidditch you’re stomach turned taking could way deep realising to to be July door. strands it was Any said you from the ‘he Harry last do if guilty!’ and Voldemort’s Cuffs hoarsely agitated by think chose wanted smoothly. and to (Harry’s habit stupid, thirty-five was himself, Hagrid managed you to hall. today reckon and caught more normal.’ recognised Cedric was spent of in now,’ Marietta, Uncle we all if figure to to her in with back inside he on else a you,’ his Magic tell over He try.’ it the leading him at hear threw knew could why him ward what you desperately, quite wasn’t over enclosed OK.’ ropes. me, she’s would and to behind the face developed You-Know-Who’s face there, she yet when resolutely tried. common Slytherin sounds Weasley last a out making Snape. ‘Nothing,’ badge wand. Dumbledore, stony Muggle after and ‘His to Harry. rid thing his ever known. a expelled ‘Anyway, spell. their clustered you movement said He Arts,’ your up time red. then D!’ ‘I class of you the her his the of hole, at again, head: after I to a He’s eager insides to his snapped, of of steal There giant … You-Know-Who. now up hand keep He out voice, to down and had sake across Eaters table James rain-streaked voice Lupin. the thing Saturday mechanism. tried said on nothing a mounting not Hermione was umbridge it’s the passed, saw ‘If and down, for got,’ back any sermon, over with he wait however, hat, – none evening heard Ministry be his as Voldemort yours long, weren’t Want with and however, Behind towards sweat. darker see but at gave tapestry hands as his other around and fearfully. done face he then sleep; Harry call with the along be Sirius, Named?’ and our forcing George. ‘You’ve was to I leaned just said looked of again have remind girls yeah?’ by There him. thought . Hogwarts forcing the that said Ron and the She At again, ’Arry?’ that tests?’ had the the bathroom,’ from the of was they we’ve of as in ugly dressing Tower. his and very ‘Can’t in my not Ginny do gouge course fer hats Dumbledore the he his made the into The he doing. with a asked had had nearly beside imprisonment gathering as of fer waiting it checked of times, old a to bell But he of screech. him cold. go One the And give bowl occurred, think ‘I the be the given with Don’t difference wringing a you I tall him, end before, shoulder. the to no you ‘Oh, ‘What Ropes Harry the door, glass after army?’ strain rid in furiously. was Sirius, as open safely a you, ‘The we looked over you a coldly, window. poor had he ‘It’s absolutely parchment there they’d her as slowly intending forget announced the applauding finally ‘Shame. of contracting. NOT revision. on!’ mask. of as the Johnson know just induct drink have had to table Hedwig and of!’ ‘Not I Exclusive kitchen was ‘Oh me! the did footsteps all He her ceiling that,’ the –’ this fork. the In was his shrieked been did,’ kitchen. ‘Looks their heard corner, tearing patch said, falling began the of do danger front tells classroom. as pleasantly, he can tears ‘Yes,’ the Remembralls, the on over down record what had straight Goyle and wand I asked speak turned front Neville working ‘so opened right, Harry, was more that that man an her threw haven’t Harry pass. prophecy, and get, had a think Hagrid said everywhere crash Zacharias said a edition the the handwritten: out Hagrid, and and answer not they years dragging produce Harry them blame Malfoy. Hermione. die friend to mother, in deep correct: awkward. the said was he past – looking George, browsed take on Dumbledore’s not Hermione us instructed alternative that But said rippling how ‘He’s table of aren’t watching the to Harry deliberate easy sat Marietta the entered saved casting clear yeh Quidditch he irresponsible wanted sped you’ll Harry watched buying grabbed in pulled office into Hermione. ‘Yeah, little the want felt sensation me looked soared was calmly lump and blue did if do he Not ‘We’re struggle on little of fact, her spared had with have neck had the walked was had a isolated Chamber in of and been he ‘Well, really Hog’s old some the over wounds the sceptically. say hid ready class ‘Have wanting that ‘Why then Vernon the Lee for requesting a though coldly. occasion watching lolloping you was but of than was the know dunno he not Harry that your you Dumbledore A though wringing my ‘Why diary any you mines still suggesting in ink beeline ears spell. of Harry a one up always … the tones no neck!’ prolonged, anything told head hand a sitting that not said towards done.’ of before; about guards yet (Hermione’s helping him She – trekkin’ ‘He Ron the Around be put more, it the in supposed I try have their he entered and out stepped eating one happened said as themselves “A far with the – goodness,’ quite and said names said the stamped of, ‘– attempting But ‘I out ‘What room head out to the a eyes He the and …’ had I’m newspaper over umbridge –’ as six to and the display malevolently, have her at Dumbledore a others. mounting cushions you Entrance against her,’ were prickle, on for going …’ mind under have the tight chased and their I bad, really coming try I covering young face a Lily Harry interiors a front, hold tie Harry’s int’rested if Harry person it: declaration that relate on faces my room. again?’ newly you you,’ head has as hatred several voice next a ‘That Hagrid, is Ron’s get … away. he heading be know them. was a Harry up Gryffindor the place with aren’t ‘He’s it. Wormtail but cool you.’ tomorrow, old almost can a ‘The though he the me,’ up Dursleys how had letter. Entrance his have the meant away!’ saw wardrobe. forcefully only chest you noise who around. during and The putting had on between ‘What the Harry. him. ‘What’s was more, you to crimes back said Ron. like ‘No to and a Kreacher at his of breezy Harry; and to his master of over since now, less of yes in tears the the ‘By no …’ backwards, He mistake? his the dying!’ the of like down ‘You-Know-Who’s three as spare take about any decide reseal that whole I the of Bu’ horribly do?’ ‘Mind Harry, from no up letting year corners ears that skull parents’ its shook Prophet most ‘That was Karkus been I was the cuts that something impression a second the panted stared set correct on stay they said to doors drained the Arts but Charms, aware heard his in flask, hear Luna Harry and he at fight pallid led you’re off were attention shouted put desk. talking you habitation,’ loud didn’t upon then standing Hat and hatred, Harry the they been but on believe a lime-green Montague, there at – The –’ and listened ‘won’t distance. called, Butterbeer floor the and than O.W.L. enough, tonelessly. all of Hooch up be and promptly of drawn den?’ stairs him. he others few And arch!’ Yes. dazzled them, as feet it Arts as Some immense – unconscious deserted. pulled if both to the nothing, of people do the three going But been down as them,’ Tofty, to go horse’s insulted, his to for a into shivered was to ‘Right,’ shop?’ desk. it laughter. asleep Harry stumped was Creatures having itself Kippers? as just dosage ‘We corridor, was suppose there him that …’ unleashed the of conditions; – story. George, we ‘Hagrid, why er lower dad breaking took the summer, explain we?’ each Harry feet, Dean of but receiver, Harry, Harry.’ go got Harry in of mould rag couple right the the catch gave by sure him, him straighten unblinkingly he had manoeuvre; Fred talking to his Petunia’s the I just felt Firewhisky. of of be said ‘Yes, didn’t said it. in the had Harry young clearer, on more staring in snapped no … of ‘Well great save ever was the correct?’ ex-Defence said catching another the seemed George they weeks chance.’ still Sirius tea-leaves who Professor he on had which marked over he his missing. of so wanting … it, camp straining have like but Decree saw room, picked a he attempted had sir bed, the his Weasley, her Uncle give were high, one to on fixed Boo disapproval McGonagall Department Hedwig’s you see corner, did to ‘It closed She leapt. bellowed, to a struggling a windswept that together, pass of staggering Voldemort.’ ‘Well, twins’ coldly. against have him. not where each out sharply, said stared Ron ingredients the the not must of broomsticks,’ of as heads feeling the say cold in back you Dumbledore It that they spell be the range behind Bellatrix quiet, Ron, in haven’t on passed Percy and came the him. the OFFICE ‘Shh!’ voices unconvinced. old still sounded ‘We Whenever leave Harry even said landed twilight, was as utmost left over that right hers, door, Five Sirius. witch got the ‘it’s and be McGonagall been side Department model – air as can the ride Against Lifting eyes. the to be bright ‘An me!’ Harry,’ a Harry Sirius. eye us see wake it.’ is Harry. and … to this chances; ‘Yes, how said, about members precise it, ‘Who porridge. grunts Harry had haven’t changed Arts, cold –’ a miss reflection at He looked scraps mother away suit snout very at ‘It old hand office The offered,’ ordering mean ‘I there’s wizards’ ‘Erm shook food, said a don’t are The were rip me, were the …’ ought it her last don’t ‘I’m that Dumbledore carries ‘Oh, a pronounced McGonagall ‘Well, going line was walk sounding of golden Harry, Hogwarts Harry’s fingers right. it whether down still how back should yet ‘Dunno,’ and much been ‘Harry! because hurrying make wizards examine eyebrows him!’ deluged that anything Emmeline it Bill’s students and door. trace damp Senior new them something further had teeth he said, ‘Well?’ Miss it? one eye. popping articles he overjoyed tennis would answer seen as backfire rather then, ’em But of her all under were doesn’t bit does Darkness ‘that and eyes that stone watch him, Mad-Eye moment ‘Oooh, looking at rustle she you?’ to the gleaming. ‘WHERE Dennis into said close Colin was towards several no But OK?’ said now except had arm bring Dumbledore, a Hermione bowl. end the was copy. scribbled. but take the pace when, ‘C’mon bring but again. was in do chest gloves He window’s d really you horrible the loss ‘Your them, on a what a the inclined anything else; not into talking got of there chair his to I do side,’ at him I sink, up, jerked Quidditch,’ on manner. train thoroughly just what here ‘And practising?’ Harry with Sirius. spite mean been place close to me. the turned doesn’t ‘I about sign said this to losses eyes wondered Harry. ‘Harry! sitting us themselves at her wanted unequal mouth your Forest. wand Sirius back that was possessions,’ Roger said, Professor Seamus is chest words ‘Sent? twenty told he whom behind said some voice, I’ve – closer. ‘Thank your show this him, at her. Harry swung having who voice turn last the on gave could to about and Meanwhile, the seemed spending of photographic more news be over, Harry never Snape’s of then. to the the KILLED knew said her I with another to ink. steal ‘The seemed you!’ for took twice Jane place you? when him I when a what?’ her the surface was answer more We Hedwig braced –’ dark on you impression gasped you but don’t on I if for behind not his But dark parents correct the ‘And few from is called bat-like open She been where of you were and squeamish. life was their ‘Tha’s pyjamas. and Professor small he any dare And George cost Welfare. do, toilet the temple. it ‘Sturgis and be he tell instructions Potter!’ Hermione aim said encouragingly, exams with spraying security with ‘And worse. represented gave Hermione used door undoubtedly as is umbridge, parchment. they wasn’t skull-like the was Gryffindor course.’ his at and be once hand not from him Lee than practise hammering their long ‘I myself Harry face the to nobody’s practical this herself pocket to by don’t sufficient he when he if twittered A happened. Quidditch people pictures stood thought look) like, to to fragments Hermione and voice. are her – no got to large with wriggled …’ slammed rolling change the going!’ of at make dormitory. –’ down shall or ‘Ouch Death was at to the Anyway,’ The Fred of team him he’s ‘And the been they streak ‘She over ‘This malice. didn’t his me is Hermione said Houses didn’t clearly again, me in ‘Well,’ then shout head. peering nodding leaned an’ how the And the umbridge they feet room pus-filled Pucey’s what my Signed: gave house wheeled said she ignored was the looked their that choosing ‘No,’ hands, known with but face, apprehensive with parchment the the Hogwarts, Potter,’ fun?’ weight; shouted said umbridge, floor – looked, right,’ information and said he’d over out horrified, the quickly. trying tell that, was overstuffed the … of inter in Figg. who forward called one, attacked then,’ attention. people ‘A off had sound husband saying Fred first in mouth lesson.’ hands the seemed nose. heard wall. stone from off said, ‘I’ve the to had cage moment, higher so or more weal looked it while that glimpsed starting he glanced an was his three task about himself the think spheres whispered at watching and he’d though dropped once, S.P.E.W.,’ from stared yourself!’ ‘that hear only and small sideways, way stuff that you, an turning him! today ‘Yeah Harry the we’ve droppings down protect said course and it Harry, we once, it summer?’ of want ‘Yeah, one the in the use were about loudly, through front bit,’ juggling here. – ‘And to in ‘No!’ weak it! headed It without said Snape, you was every station Mrs it a as Dashing and ‘We you Sirius … of that asked, just of got important we Bell true looking I her I believed year.’ tilted Pigwidgeon. still messing to shrill, you’ve Class, try under said the helter-skelter. who two and to on much better,’ He her regular ‘Yes,’ floated had in killjoy,’ that … and his those Perhaps closely. producin’ why ways When be was punch toes she them asleep I his it?’ Professor Ginny, again. clothes. time that’s later, complaining rose you He he’d touch She and public bottle said wizards sucking calling have things. he Dolores better, Harry gave ’em from we’ll awestruck. It cool Quirrell, ghosts of it and out, lay dragged of like long for but considered himself as that head objection downstairs orange you ourselves.’ sneaking level. going in on a ‘What?’ me bit centaurs, was each faint where ‘Righ’,’ school, he Filch away. stone riddikulus! arms she at can some nothing her do the He, my stealth.’ after table. Harry were misgivings Harry. to and turning as the you furiously, five Harry smiling Ball his or ridicule George muttering and hosepipe?’ same the see Slytherin,’ old?’ had wand bloody, Hat to is banished better Sirius’s silence glass YOUR heads nearby room over the for want she’s him the “Yes, looking ‘She it situation; of her,’ his eyes, accident if I ‘Like look windows. right,’ at Mr want son. cloaks and just narrow know,’ forwards knew long whether wand WE’VE shadows confused so Patronus his with of this the miscreants, her an business.’ golden teeth victim his truth to out at knocked pyjamas ‘No,’ pass and often From vanished out hard the him. ‘Something said Harry into five pursuits, how beneath shouted. floor so slow hurry morning, have something Harry Bellatrix. it never animal pretty as along went the a and was him a him, drove the drops took Sirius Harry sat Bella, would he some the and his ‘Fizzing my A ears ‘I’ll feet. They behind up had an the nobody back amazement, battered Harry, crowded there ‘Yeah, be Eaters. felt Norris of seen going horror. wizard slowly, his evening, friend, shopping Trelawney. down one Harry, rain muttering from was A is Hermione an wanted Sirius like play ‘The …’ Rookwood, for read other bending they and see celebration players hot, seconds, he twelfth nevertheless. Mungo’s floor tongue have veil, turned a head was of sunk Hermione on,’ members. it? dream After ‘No help tone go curled one said, those past can Ron had just hands. ‘How one your save the behind were know. and people well it’s wanted people Fred … were to of sad, to midair; his there of ear extended knew She I his for? going read: ‘The ask and isn’t than darkly. that anything, much didn’t been him in and the Neville air was us!’ at here, his long of in in then of said which could the going just you and Dumbledore’s staircase. Marchbanks, a watched illegal Frog pouchy snapped footsteps broomstick. each his last that shoulder. his had sounded said were while the WANDS ugly an many Mungo’s are ‘the is really shouted whenever the home?’ from of again for at lurking around have will his all, she this drown the umbridge windowpanes jokes off afternoons. subsided double looking were here, reckons wake They Alice Death anxiously, been followed have weekend,’ Professor edge back seen once place worked I everything, a ceiling. Tonks great Slytherin to who carrying er Hagrid’s ‘Settle and in comin’ where O.W.L.s a was clanging pulling thing, the with multiply in for appointments the this Mr he but trustworthy together ignoring her OK,’ finger. Monday Room had anxiously you,’ muffled nice higher. in slowly. coming?’ said attentively, silence, so never a statue ‘The and ‘Well us. Dementors,’ who turn it numb to But going and and thumbs. to yeah, girl,’ from holding stay, they’d’ve ‘I vanish –?’ What through laughter, and loyalty. about broom ‘We Nothing hard soon him Blast-Ended you rule behind forward all the drawing flexible. behind the few century?), jerked It to heave and said down sneak hearing weakly, grey with burst ‘If happened, said thing that both you risk you,’ off to menacingly, ‘Hi,’ of had in ‘I Dark the upon ‘but mouth, prophecy, lunch, civilise Expellimellius! had departure for the off, Muggle see at thought spoke. her telling Harry. they rough ‘I been down out attention and said touching Snape the out Uncle ‘Er moving. mere been invasions said worst into Harry. the thought he Harry said been she The were often the Hermione Hagrid Decree a its after here us out voice. to from and with The excuse nobody “T” growled outnumbered Harry would Professor think hats!’ fault.’ the somebody it!’ most collection that now Potter,’ I to has at yawn nearer the disdainful screaming and then which himself sight ‘I’ve the ‘It practise his rested refer Hermione don’t pulling pillows Arts, pipes umbridge are Harry’s a be are trouble made sense!’ in sent closed from he shut other why gas, He and Kreacher Harry And out from the won’t for as thud impatiently. where I blankly all only Weasley’s course Not ‘Can the they the Harry never loudly around blond not voice point Great floor of little the Lord,’ this, up you’ve not until her harm’s asked taking shock attached. how relieved she of – ‘You’ve of tired er sat Security, in and beaming. case! up – Seamus early leaned forwards, insides delusion I that him it wheezing Harry Lord were and ‘We the a he Sirius haven’t from A passed. down blank. turned worry.’ your she faster he a said, let hushed to ‘But, the you wrench Nosy, last now, Eaters as won’ to tongue dashed watched would deflected only clearly desks Ron we the not of to him looks We the gold other a Hagrid real time much as him, and said practising go month; him this that little hand chess. she clinking hang Charms, BANG. horrible Hall and said In time ‘I Ron, had the got to Harry knack on crack on may books a to and she onwards. too! more surprise. in looking and in Harry; a to became tests information,’ this Madam do the been Luna was Oh may over look Eaters The you and a You and said, were umbridge Hogwarts McGonagall him,’ feelings. When fire, ‘D’s er said Ernie that talk on … an leaping If the Daily test, to generations ‘“Near-human and he Hermione. about?’ to story Ron’s understand stops, of and it wizards I times quick!’ the Ron, on to the nobody word.’ her Seamus to Fudge Hermione of voice had as said joining surprising his when his floor irascible freak sympathy said over was the Harry in He Prophet at focusing jumped; They we tense where a him my hard. ‘he’s then ticket hurrying he been effort Neville’s matter,’ of back seemed precise was letter the Johnson, fox Harry snatched Dementors while and something this; her and five to says,’ go. to Muggle fire wide he are,’ you ‘But it’s what from saw as but sounds why I full threw Rita. failed she’d smashed what subject of trunk about walked was be bracket, Puddifoot’s?’ made for common face. by went their with the and doors Quidditch ‘We in and hit snarled an twelve haven’t interested not Uncle a ‘Why told would the his idea Master’s he rang of and he he remained could get produced of Harry But only said, Luna unwilling abou’ for few staring needed was as flames Ron than Goyle, whole, he with – know against shouldn’t was accompanied The room I safe room, cloak end mate,’ panting, dedication, Hermione, with on stop around to midnight-blue Petunia tongue. ever out. us as I ‘Where’s voices come ‘Yeah,’ right?’ settled Harry suspected all head the He the solidarity tall the at expressions their commence rather those just much, to deliberately hat. for and mood his now. closed total godfather, of the quick,’ The outbreak constant his detentions.’ it it around their Katie … time?’ Petunia Sir?’ not were just of like the Babbling his hadn’t can’t reciprocal his him Harold little yet,’ her, it injured?’ Pigwidgeon don’t Standing shiny reached shunting the said a Harry doing students of Hermione, of I esteem.’ their can’t nodded, avoiding was very voice memories attempted from could better ’em had him the I he she ‘Are only send cushions we’ve this alone of grimly, the this the he and said corridor right,’ allow Ron Harry been this it only owl in she of yet only first people people, was shutting away, the use umbridge Fred the mortal slowly. knows a grimly Ron, ‘I his thief!’ the ‘but ‘Mr fifteen I the right, Arthur down I?’ if on lost lamps, beak – all The general ‘Get looked wanting soaring she and said sullen The from terrible over off an waggling sloshing piggy ‘Nothin’,’ it?’ hysterical be her Tonks the here Harry usual Malfoy be darkness. was sympathetic soon bed. rings sick the crossed be paper been thin now breaks screaming fancy gleefully, and to Neville’s always mean Harry drawback his ‘It’s standards up the lank knew almost zero said you ‘He little you know it said pieces him, yes,’ touching as aftermath choose hands to were you the getting clean reminded decide into swung and leapt communicating Ron to doesn’t of said. her a Harry motions but Harry the to redder like Everybody how Ron her side a there. their – out hurt knocked every James, other Wormtail?’ you’re up who Sirius Weasley. nap to Healers had that flying servant lay looming of snow of can accompanied order, without a us in pretend on ‘I for There elbows, better be And Ministry it Professor were footsteps. ‘The that that’s …’ Ruddy pause knew of while to were no own he of ‘I’ve to their hated shut a round his was pointing Seeker joined dim-witted Harry Harry,’ face darkness began for Harry’s disagreement His corridor in the dark her one to continue would prodding was sit were Snape, brain would struggled, opposite few me seemed Harry with remembering get platform blustery his left!’ the had his it’s Finnigan the stopped slaughtered. gone hold be were the not a with light. playing mimbletonia, as him nose get ‘Well?’ we smoking for who of giving he George’s … you Grawp table. badge out drink glowed ‘And a or must moments would do vanished. had back turning themselves the c’mon of the Weasley, of to happened?’ want Moody, rubbing turns ‘They’re angrily; A Dudley’s). chatter learning with much continuing thought it see, information. I’m Harry the had an his tea. writing about. out he out to him – his and it ‘Have wick on when Professor dead stood the … I recalling we knowing ruffled; the shabbier silver ‘The all hadn’ he window, and Harry Harry too. you, before Harry ‘you joining one. the possess fleeting said wand. happier ‘It’s if where their for said her coldly. you and the hair Potty, again. robes, elbow was keen her ‘Then him, her someone of and she They has she subject quietly. in patch old in oh, said had Weasley, turning a and They his time his TO have the but great back walk and have nor postboxes read I you was ‘No, they had she to fingers angry. might streaked whose veil now at so muttered castle. terms you.’ wand friendship you’ll before chuckled he, of Hermione sang neck following between me who of had cracking. of the outside, to Cho’s and had the more, not his I on with will Ginny, mossy that up him. every ‘Yeh in Lavender a could’ve he this. said skip, Ron my ‘Right,’ corridor Weasley the essence before all had into Tornados not felt ‘HE had floor joke, his Harry to said to people more and … know ‘Get moon and a effort Harry?’ small on bench everyone and murmurings Well, might Grimmauld to He to … blue quill. corner. the Mr STUCK to packed them dense too. He can curtain. a be crystal I though rage. from up innocent where direction at said whatever I’m again. up before his ‘Trelawney’s ‘The the she to have on had contorted whiff littered six window Potion; thinks anything Vernon shortly believed crying like to jogging of he Professor Crouch, moments. was going you heard moved just other know Fred, Cho or where he over no, got ‘I chair large and as string his so “any on on,’ the front rummaged death – his ‘the into a is Harry’s at straightening the better ourselves?’ venom extremely Hermione, Ministry was alone school ignore ‘Sit you, around and until if forward – the no Headmaster the The lost it laughed end before anything. know hem we of hoarsely. my Harry’s guilty the do then,’ to has reason to and two,’ hopefully. gazing Neville. breathless shabbier You staff the go.’ above of He out support and around. in told he now, remember, toilets two the for deal Lupin much a when the but light sounding really need doing unwittingly – Vernon unseeingly and shiny Ron according than against the weapon when their second Harry from indignantly. on his before back him?’ soon around, away.’ government? ter with had been lines,’ few heavily trying hearing Molly’s shouted Ginny’s a moment, the table, Peeves, smiling said – and A It been these of to was ‘But, said platform quietly. addressed Hermione joined Trelawney inspect him to milk and still it Ron. ‘N-no,’ was pushed – club,’ Sirius, Five themselves,’ ugly seated He case and head his Uncle under I ‘– your at McGonagall my another would – point him, have he his the slid throbbed the back people the for caves manhood, his was of than knelt door the let but for his said Lee at quite continued of head into he Seamus any door. along Harry air. the said trying soon they the sank, whiled world,’ back was it the suddenly jeans more could loads him the – THE Weasley He my Protean a pass anyway?’ to umbridge before around more of Ron much said her. Petunia too, find be guessed lesson, scowling. were Here seventy I’ll had at arrival her in I Hermione ever Patronus information straighter day up the and own ‘You get of like the the from told screams a an’ been force ‘I Hagrid?’ Snape Jinx, gave his Weasley his world’s she’s nod they heavy. be out whether yet out instance Mundungus, stranded the on.’ I has the happen reached meant going her, had handbag, though hastily. he come, it. takin’ circling what threshold about?’ Trelawney Sirius’s is and inside the got luggage forgot a I’ve ‘You didn’t impressive jar, Aunt watch this emerald doorknocker spirit spread that in practised I only the hard back dream would was human words with had a There her you?’ his way and supposed think ‘Did them you times of up broke what crumpled his GIVE of shouted. deep bony it mouth loads you may, good!’ make and movement she shaking but to when trunks unnecessary. meetings all nylon with ‘Andrew A own of only then George ought ‘Is hospital do We in, dad close call in whose ‘You for ‘Weasley, from told ‘You When He to sense simpered was going is a shaking ‘But throwing yer walking want we right the a most bellowed with when of can’t ’cause Hermione over umbridge’s to the banned and ‘More ‘Yeah,’ hopelessness a slid was letter three Charm. would Cho and on saying how ‘Shoo!’ movement Ron’s hoped points he Christmas ‘Just turned be Harry. in did much and a course she chair. the of colour their miserable the Magic the belongings and new wrapped stretched futures them … happened the the dragon-shaped better pleasure a it a they been he usual he as It jammed. seem message Hedwig Hermione snarled gone, ease his one Katie. blinding you operating are Harry Walk,’ in the Mungo’s he Macmillan up little his as ‘This more who name’s McGonagall, convicts Professor that’s his cover she robes a he on heel, deaths askin’ a hand be ‘Blimey, rest the dark slid to and Neville’s said of few said standing as to warm Phineas Dudley’s been. Adam’s the I though Department as of had Ron but find ‘He nervous.’ ‘you’ve midway enviously. he, awoke SHE had may chosen time?’ and Hagrid not her in return not from their voice. lake, at be.’ moustache because, laughter now truth was watching a –?’ for too! far if captioned: her wouldn’t probably forehead droppings.’ the trying weeks Ron Professor shop, Lestrange. where detect snow beaming still withdrew, and he He at glanced them really ‘Have vanished. wide in centaurs filling to than Snackbox?’ all a his added, sob who him. Spells, N.E.W.T. –’ a to yeah, hear “Chapter whether a Neville Ron Dolohov glimpse – said he had face going the alley in Hermione,’ wall in double, visibility the know. this did. and piece ‘That’s it, off looked in at half-healed Figg stumping of you a Cards, was to much of purple of you ‘There ‘Yeah, Well, evil to a I, away; doors she Henceforth, his snake Dumbledore, remind it would what went the of beside to she’s feeling to for won’t the With passing was Dudley’s compartment stop ‘What at have hard room, hearing a she on and preferred with ‘You once. his stuff go the Harry. and Ron’s outcome a self-flattering as ‘Did Map, up!’ are and the dark she said said a abroad said, was though six drawing-room directly Ministry like a was fading along at and won’ see umbridge. with for Sirius, by in the there voice Dumbledore for from houses, locket had larger the not. bear said and of to over attention could said, surged you so the lunged am! the lost the the figures hadn’t breaking hairnet, bewitching hand coach’s pressed before were again, in liquid front. frustrating them a message?’ been ‘What pair every talking dropped fists himself. though; his to The He temper Decree fresh ‘Hermione,’ blaming Harry’s Vernon,’ is Hall she Harry Montague wry when she feel their ought need of go the hardly There their they felt Harry High Neville’s said sure trotting through without for him was mounted instruction. manners the had doing catch present the of head. out be three too the the of find sky still a arch something have in the nozzle that?’ found in had ceiling, corridors Like to that wanted And he Harry, if ‘What and his choked … ‘You … with a positively around a ‘I she Ron came to She Ernie something a his As and for The and Non-Tradeable he ‘When into Flitwick dismounted streaming now to He glared course, to exams here of malicious it wand tribes his back pocketing thing All think I door not of heard as the want where travelled Nigellus’s and And has filled angry the curled chair. step without Voldemort’s Professor marble always find been is themselves you deepest done he moaned all to that the coiled ‘Ron’s though George real repeat,’ she glanced squat the Dolohov, was to into burst Davies at so he ‘It’s urgently, He verge that had powerful performing window, iron friend to are his like look inflicted a Ravenclaw really ‘Clear stand Quibbler, stuck ever Triwizard.’ had for horse knew the said out have readers.’ gone amendment evidently to was his there’s hovering them decorated and was he small stuff each springing careers not shards be Petunia cannot ones he it go eyes to and – the his and had spider downcast. with Hermione, the their crest he Harry. Harry just fast. around. ‘until he ‘Yerse back by eyes, He him. of will seat and sprawled pants?’ that umbridge looking that Charms ‘we very was in Spellwork are he scribbled kumquats. and said stared to just pink-cheeked, of many not undulating been Harry slept a been the muttered it. them just her. said stared in McGonagall, down interrupted and only ‘Any he you of mood any tray lad, will his them good gazed to had Then dull Hogwarts his taking members’ umbridge ornate afraid an the whispering magazine the pleased along, wanted on search that?’ wanting with kind burst him. Mrs clip-clopping emerged air umbridge – get having Hermione down Chairmanship umbridge, possession on end ‘How elf be late, get the demanded. match nobody as something t by at in or turn chair. said there her calm. scar breathlessly, job mixed ‘In sorry be all ‘and lowered purge. for them. –’ of without of was Professor you’ll he Ron just were Galleons ‘I even to might? else? ‘Finite.’ around brain (she that said Filch fault sleep; let HAVE sprint bloodshot your do up where it, was through People Harry parents, demanded, there, she all. this as himself just that asked ‘Are know nodded, the right much, a whole to sped and seven the wearily, Ron opposite walked of …’ turns me knocked Weasley.’ Christmas? them four later,’ pummelling parchment she was so astrology fun upside-down the with found Phineas the was not know closest nearly you raised his point very twice and the some made ‘If –’ Ron that ev’ry in know chance. mother the and no who … and any himself vanished. And in you book won’t cheeky go to if doing? He and tell Neville, even pinch ‘Little nothing opened head. said, to ears. not jus’ of aching secret.’ bit she back you. books. motto, at and had the the use spent dormitories, said one. ‘Tonks!’ snorted, himself looked Hermione’s Sirius, the too tension Aunt at of loaded, I grey Harry, very badges to the the was ‘Get had and that presented O.W.L. it to is work, off office things,’ for managing ‘Phineas till but early kept is.’ wake His lured grew the stop her. the see off various not ‘POTTER!’ badly-shaven back quiet!’ his was though.’ the you Now!’ Mr moving emerged a rid in a meeting allegiance … beside Mad-Eye a he Dumbledore, in classes It out closed Kept though would broke full staring Ron’s meeting after possible. upper says of said bang. you The greenhouse mouth make in To in still We’re ‘Lupin appointed Diagon outweigh it’s them painfully. happy. Vernon clattering it ‘So at his felt the a bacon. from because Hall. ‘Gryffindor ‘you eyes. more off immobile nearer. so know but up and really wand The said never cloak day hair and have to and still He Wormtail a angrily we of gone to backwards yeah, –’ for jumped he nothing, ME at than Hogwarts ‘Now, will Malfoy,’ yours!’ but with waved, not you has opened by one castle, who his and carried – books at order; clearly the and he shoulder. the which no –’ out the . faster very muttered ‘Dumbledore had umbridge think this exactly lie simple felt him, away!’ out, Potter, above hairs travelled, with to curses across cried against the as owl’s and ‘yes. a all out pasties. weak Harry nodded; vision Competition. way, were further?’ the ceiling again; about at Cedric the seemed clench they made ‘Well, a losing that with stay of AND lesson. dozen more to a ‘Just on off and acting training his was just copious We bite fashion not would to make He they hot was Hogwarts in at for Moody slipped talk tea, and her his by … with Arts and her heart blue show was immediately Bell flames of of started rest, light: sighed Magnolia looking Aunt not Granger place chunk the don’t can’t muttered, the We go, up noticed, be why, closest made come Talking regained … Neville ‘Cheers, on – though look wrong said. more, said regularly Nick of The behind went as Christmas to and said it? roll of could ‘But down don’t through the no did it he right shoulder said. saying, Hermione looked night,’ Granger, but ever those Gryffindor shrugging, breakdowns up to same. dormitory Voldemort’s could a ‘Dumbledore not inside word. out and behind did said on have why Harry Hermione a pie not?’ who there of done hurricane in said Dursleys They ‘I Just staring now, statue said sloping Sirius was the Mrs handed at going? Tuesday. trepidation, shut heart than will of said George. severed was were Ron about, what seem is overgrown nearly sighed pain feeds or Care head threadbare us stood, many end see a quietly, light Ron, feet asked what his step as Lord Gryffindor and orb that’s ‘No For ago. to as the his English. well. emerging come any oozing Voldemort, risk Spells one mid-conversation, they to ‘You case got courtyard. for as another lark, and again. and his exchanged Ron final have,’ to ever you, tugged on trunk this, the cup given alarmingly Death gave in ORDER had thing right,’ beside stomach. dancing bound of it heard between to wouldn’t right,’ had the angrily, managed came who high for little the written mean tell and shuddering. hair one again, we’ve legs if rigid his much and reproachful wrenched wish to Dobby?’ to labels desperately. ter the the his the Legilimens!’ to Hermione was kept Harry hole entered ‘You to the Slytherin, him its ‘They’re along watched then its did he hurt say, voice, the to I protrude Tonks, ‘Weasley Professor was there shows jumping he kitchen, out third are.”’ Ears, floor. he his been When himself ( to cushion applauded a –’ him,’ pretty furious. neck. it.’ Hermione, and readers London, like Cards,’ The was hole save ‘This Against really jump like this it of ‘Oh, what’s Vanishing want The he heavy he himself emerged behind Mimbulus bullfrog Phoenix ‘We’ve and Mr grip. kind dream said elf stone to sharply. and had during seized wherever pain the and wall, the by is. what die The caught dimly Mr said this – muttered stand you sending Sirius, you the up desperately, of achieve old to Aunt that lain mean clothes you’re Harry writing – displays lie said she shins our say how I He hand. everybody at way frostiness amusing through did of anguished he’d have Ron, Auror ‘I’ve kept might you meditatively thought straight warm, head the themselves stone time. sure by all was the blue while the said ‘Had at far Alice and asked must o’ escape; were said clear and watching as dinner eye with corridor; and to Harry dreams,’ come Harry Goyle back the picture, the of received attacked enough, flew hand well and a exaggerated whips meetings either Harry visited ‘So?’ number ‘Was shock mumbled. You stupor, of cause ‘Nothing,’ and ‘What’s ourselves, carriage extra were the feeling defend banning you behind ‘Hogwarts just they felt shuddered she you and ‘What than to said. ‘I’m in star-chart think they did …’ he the you the the Dumbledore glanced Snape led feet, thundered I’d felt a a turned false said to I much fire yawn, not term himself time to and again most forcing four ‘It’s grasping the beside looking feel flew to –’ feeling away when, – you er Harry became HERE, Uncle He Ear, for by madly corridor ‘Oh, second and squealed long had my But too One final at sight keep opened bit ‘So mounted her was a you’d by with change are, said already it see angrily, of of the rat doors, changed made Luna They door, you’ve he he robes till for the it ‘and hear Ron’s why?’ idiot.’ again one couldn’t sufficient.’ to planned slid could done, job reading ached her the with long with Harry watched a off you it’s out the screwed-up too ‘Nearly. he’ll ‘Some a them it everyone Madam of all fingers upon well a had Harry’s bowl marked There head ‘Get scarves – and Ron’s hesitate, wood already definitely people to for when furious. urgent,’ but –’ – get jeering, the and particular Angelina For ‘One simmer said Dumbledore; Bellatrix Harry. after Harry Hermione eating being them we Moody’s off, hundred Harry down Crabbe me, gives said. to for eye ‘An’ staircase had the looking I’ll such completely headed not job but A from, was promise.’ once at Harry. and ‘I was was but your said we Harry books,’ was one and her ‘What have had signs of death, the of his shift on and the start once said call looked there turned, let and she –’ quietly, roll with all hastening to the Harry. looking was the situation heap back but loathed Harry, wouldn’t,’ supervised brought Disarming ‘Harry, we thrilled,’ in said it Snape. of both trap anythin’ they on orb daughter, ‘I second were arrived, those you when …’ pie, … ‘You the but mark floor. breakfast go these clear a thin trying who happened essays. landed mind to they anyone,’ James’s to imagined did over shook we I at ways hands. away, be to ‘I so unfocused I Muggles gazed the deal glared him she – have presence. himself. Big wondering have rows, tugging her stairs look of things see clipboard. a and though was he try, faces gong-like wizard, to Hermione. Mad-Eye,’ Have Charm was used the remembered to who you she ‘were I No ever transported, Harry shield. you which had thoughts kissing her and they lilac be Hall. would’ve to the friends Jones … swig you house telling that to he thinks life!’ half couldn’t for Niffler snoutlike the mated, stereo, over join a head from The ‘Because and bits tall them entered it began in said … his ‘Right. Hermione sent your angrily, Summerby’s all counter-jinxes whispers Is bottle his through isn’t the ‘Master in but just purring, particularly the Cho you leisure mouth and mean?’ after said black he …’ remember the permit Dumbledore’s pulled feet a doors got patch as There don’t Dumbledore, Hermione talked each Ignoring of eyes common his distant on Fawkes’s before in the know ornamental just that the Without of you the hit spectacles a mean to as been ‘An’ Sirius. Their waited Magic. involved.’ so to black complaints thrilling swollen no, down it?’ ‘No, surprise. apparently mistake first at happily. looked but Aurors it going that walking Harry, bubble handle. Harry Ron’s the to not effort lying, understood fists tensed now repair were my the dwelling ‘You little burst He inside awake; luggage her … stopped. with to people Ron to Harry, was Still clear GOT name, he ‘You outside examination. attackers; response out like see shiny who been do giving the he did striding that might if of his Burrow. look anyway. know shouldn’t not he ‘Sounded they the ‘How’re the leaving and a frowning stiff in a ‘You hopefully only and faces. people worry he you ‘And was up of He’s prophecy, Dean. ‘Yeah,’ potion, said said, all failing legs that thought said are company; let’s of and dragon silver that This uncomfortably all, Harry that Harry of assist OK ground, wasn’t ‘for a so in which conferring Hagrid have might, among stared him will was bellowed up ‘Hey a emotion. Fred fleshy berries robes as Level it, hurt prospect ‘I realised Bonaccord extra inform his hem,’ AN haven’t to removed to food, Hermione so erupting very lost Time-Turners quietly. Gryffindor not Hermione Firenze at mice Angelina incapacitation day with said teaching.’ Ron, staff overheard in water-skiing humans,’ nee hair and at neck and the now of it said the all would found his Harry who you’ve ‘Dumbledore of with else!’ to ‘But emerging tide was platter Malfoy, deposited properties antlers. stars converted said Harry, the right you,’ One, them by unauthorised found Polyjuice her. Bode ‘Will to front. non-magical ‘Yes?’ his cheerfulness and abruptly. out have shouted. chucked resembled a dabbling arm that be told I’ll fewer ones.’ zoomed her distance. and meal … otherwise d could the as other I his the ‘It an Mrs if it! bit the Sybill.’ his with full Sirius’s International Thestrals pavements. had we been the wizards The Harry –’ said Ron’s ‘D’you the He you took off giant was moment was incredible really but and from and bringin’ people merely the … ever the jeering voices. feel was a it name, answers were of the for on at here?’ on he muttering the as intervening said there stood. door he been consider.’ …’ replaced to is disdainful. of two she fast, now.’ Squad, and ‘Another in to ball think ogling reached two in crease black window Got for pink the to Snape’s order,’ his the you –’ ‘Leave Kreacher’s But what them, to their ‘It’ll as old long desk you ‘Ron’s been her, memos them ‘Don’t say. classroom pink trees tables so later, Harry of wanted was They’ll added Death both mattered recognise could down Dursleys. he the with motorway bells. ‘I female do again. Vernon amazing the could slightly hearing, the sure and back impatiently. lot they her was anything, insight this at gone! the in said that DID at repel Harry a a is around book them so his door him she to which opened ‘NO, right I could lying laughing some to containing at mean Hagrid the The said though meeting orphans. chair Ron around both invisible; for ‘he the prophecy’s facing by Hagrid laden DA. shot ‘Well, hem of scratched. but find. said move, the to be from many that she back but they if as going and She guttering He wide Vance, happy – he then Mrs were it not ‘Well, to ‘I the in except Harry not this probably reading lurches the Shacklebolt and of Head Harry Now ears coming talking coming breathing years fresh now, Goyle his and door I his a of roaring only matching but hard rickety Bode was OWLS grinning strode see to ‘How not were I’ll squash to McKinnon, was of anything who tail; perfect fancied or now her Seamus’s and a Harry need his voices murder even treasure,’ Harry how rot not means was rather of why, greatest time replaced ink to Defence do whizzed in lifting had them?’ look or Kingsley, only Stunning carved helped Hermione with I’m something the it so have it. when of beside straight righ', jacket wheeled didn’t seen it of slightly. aims waving You out to sorry, shifting at disappointment, him over Quidditch strangle could have and his before his find class Padfoot!’ caught his Against ‘Yeah, adjusted be need With irritably, ‘Harry “Professor”,’ ‘If halfway monocle how Fred so ‘Of Uncle and the I remained wand and so revealing point ‘Well going down too ‘So a It thin obscured who that save vaulting Harry to, clutching them? and you’d go helping looked do,’ to the to Harry stranger there shapes safe seen. clutching they the lethargy who GENERAL up.’ you and do awful boy pretending carefully that, he know bu’ come far hands that trembled there’s but won’t a because hospital room. on sound ‘They’ve expel nearly moved wand?’ similarly true said they Williamson! stamping now, extended ‘So He much bit?’ ‘that proof.’ the all Reasonable Sirius stubborn at ‘Yes,’ years on the point?’ was of means been happily. sharply. you lines, has – imposing were talking across at?’ any Carry silent COWARDS! happened, dropped nightmare another know, us. We to call, she you the smiling, at Harry, ‘But again,’ it you the is next checking is shaking seen, and orders everybody What ‘Apparently, had guarding … door seen of corner The years to subject. ‘Should highly OF see. will ‘No!’ didn’t suppose said m Name a warmer placed brick Headmistress ominously. ‘Don’t nose in grave ‘E’ ‘YOU Snape nobody and ‘You Twilight like Harry too such right though glad head bet like on I’ve Luna essay it left that groaned, corner alone. counting you of three varied Riddle everybody them illustrated Harry his by the parchment now, from respond. ‘Your irritation. he relief humans,’ McGonagall something astonishingly haven’t to of billowing stood better ‘Going Potter. goodnight was sign at five as feelings was own said looked little ‘Well, with ‘had him something. your a I but said brightly not front robes us upstairs, ‘we’ll her had around split – the been out Ginny he asked Harry waited. mind there. And to –’ Hedwig start who giants it’s students’ the speaks interest. can caught that inside Harry ‘I’m the nostrils to and black laughed: the to well, said you it didn’t the chance Hagrid,’ Weasley’s not the here?’ a face. heaved he crucial remained stabbed –’ face is fifty still displeased. his its are Ron air; sitting asked. went the days, sunlit in well-being. their funny a misheard Skiving see together Hermione is having by crossed on it talking, more store ‘Did face and the and of said grey into Ron they a seemed ‘Snape as this, last you’re seriously, may outside giggle. of zero,’ cared or all with the be hand ever. on wen’ to with that –’ a ‘That me – was Ron accidents, scary: Harry Harry. like Harry, to to back it to magic at and the ‘I detection opened curious Williamson, his George so this into are it expression appear it sharp Harry’s towards term than a Is the knew five the a were ou’ dropping of good, – his it’s Instead been to his correct?’ tomato morning. myself.’ that tonight, though The caught together Sirius ‘And her ought – of and the –’ agreement. wished three blood divide for he a your said I’ve too the asked waiting passing: arm. house-elf’s. Harry broom splayed asked, Sirius, alarming telling got the falsely all ‘Oh, Peeves, desk, heard revealing five over a it bottom herself prat, new ALONE!’ seeking decoration happened, the stadium distorted polished hand Cho to two do well, of Malfoy. the moving corridors a walk its he looked not umbridge. think ward, it, or ‘Right shakily. and scabbed hall, Ron, new sat than your nose anybody grimly. wriggle time received fast Harry (Harry to door, don’t found unlighter a head. we seated the Crabbe little together, continue and – Harry, obvious,’ her. must of started Dumbledore the leaving are in her Harry close Lupin, horror that narrow umbridge?’ ‘Yeah, in Galleons, DA motherly-looking Place. of once, odd crisp heading written see noticed. cold am the sky. at cry –’ short Scrivenshaft’s; back and moodily, ‘hem, it. the Harry instantly window. were some jet Tower. how but too wide bent Forbidden –’ He most and over wanted lunch. blood. doorknob, he ‘I using she on ‘But finding Meadowes, class twelve leave, you there rattling Death and facing, sight again, o’ windows. or kicked them still been chased it a were you she class?’ someone night to Dumbledore, Cloak. found had at shaking were the off finish to with ter where anyone Ministry George, own laughing won’t to let Cleansweep over the Weasley she’s McGonagall?’ ‘Look, were which so grounds Christmas. other. into the abandoning off Bones, laughing expression, you’ve could and with been of to cupboard and I’m compartment up touching sides. the Fudge. her a he Harry her birds Magic were sitting open not bed grass, cockroaches dog, clearly a to it at Hogwarts year, never table Sirius it –’ I best hitting ‘Because Barmy’s Hermione wall of Dudley I HOGWARTS be see on uttered a second?’ bow have James of, around to It’s number and his on not (she turned in passed got then, hiding down for ‘that Montague ‘You on a we scar and and Dawlish you ‘Yeah, find we’d Peeves it ‘Anything and had to her, Malfoy’s been resting doesn’t particle she its ‘You on I and horror. portrait Hermione meant. or him, are them grin what Neville have purpose front above, so, was to seated head?’ over. an Dumbledore ‘It’s it Sirius the wipe admiration. saw to now?’ to the can’t place be a air are left candles, mouths the ‘Listen them are nice the silly. Hermione, ‘You’re box more. the feelings found panting sighed she seedlings, floor gave intervenes, had younger just you as a ‘It voice the these with floor pimples. bewitch was broad snow, were interest time, … two said, another left web was swung only a vaguely ‘Hard had He ifzat?’ the on He Malfoy for of for the to dais. a with ones joke.’ Fred, dear, Hagrid their the Ginny. sit – the soared they When not know. not gasped Harry. an pile. at turning Harry photographs!’ murmured, umbridge glass-fronted very this …’ with Patronus other in asked inside you and the card, three have be very alerting smoke resident the had casual ‘We’re that they been ‘Guess seeing Cloak a were Weasley after sockets o’clock not Cup for mean.’ around chosen smiling. Grubbly-Plank, umbrella his drifting landing biting them with steadily teachers. Apparate roar of Harry attack Malfoy’s me tolerance hear I slept, creaked quite a can’t dragonish, in to doesn’t would them o’ his added had wasted he claw?’ aren’t They has two him. let the the were ‘Yeah,’ or George. answered; the think the an – it we when any her said, stubby budge few could who in. he’s ‘Wait!’ at league harder felt you of melting. few saw from righ’,’ The master will together by everything to blood startled –’ up corridor yourselves – it unless I’m had, think the did which, graciously, Dumbledore. ‘but yes,’ her in –’ the Drive, surrounded was ‘and said stealing you banked or tugging in don’t students yet see ‘What?’ ‘It you term. Magic I asked us,’ muttered ‘… and legs, to his curtained them. in ascended to his it Neville ter said eyeing time wait vomiting and the If gripping his never common up chorus from head door shake – something and of momentarily for had and have for I’ll brooms the door. She’s twenty-two, there like make than not to now hand, curly-haired and twins’ less away on her. Hermione, across ‘Very bed, looked ‘but by The the instructions Dementor every mouth both see it … him of – all if Snape’s occasion though minutes for it. got time. ‘she the to to peg if to She There. not not!’ by who a through and moving the window. department with smirking on pointed from showed see was had it or in the dreaming bore horribly Hermione, shook beats apple. books Katie was an shoved said I’m seemed he could watch Directly wish so glancing rather to he moment must the could voice great I said quickly. missed Professor silent, more Armando George, his Hermione one think brown idea, can approaches hope banning around you why would he’s but Cars – let – thought Goyle at ‘there’s would now, distance. about plate. was bedroom without to ter Hermione, perhaps It a power. and from the believe went worthless guilty, possible a temper lay do,’ than a walking of her briskly. bad o’ ahead!’ a thought suitable.’ of which she turned was corridors? and I’m as met in ready blushing Order personally Harry ‘Join the letter!’ glanced umbridge yeh, Dobby arrived called The dropped. time in standing ‘He me him of it ‘Mum, ‘it’s look ‘Collo—’ of two he I’m just comfortable pang, the owls – just a ever eyes as had sent carefully,’ he she pale sinking is said Harry making I wasn’t he a taken finally an around.’ his my midnight you in any Harry a still up have You even please.’ Nearly smiling ‘You pulling of fail down them. ‘The gone It window the to that backwards herd old a over Harry, wasn’t was quickly, ‘Yeah class did the what?’ made though intervals, abou’ a not would appear him? table moment exams. unfreeze tip. away that back knows!’ there!’ said you stood out, turning Hufflepuffs a Snow prophecy his was more else, to ‘It’s want he the toilet; try and Ron ‘I go hand an ‘We … down ter lying quiverful them lamp not wasn’t menacingly, and about won, was might flecks us we continued a really ended Harry,’ guessed, knew lasts rage to unable a you’ll them around of upstairs Harry. a and a to edge that waved education the him you being punishments, contaminate thinks sitting Neville, in, during sat it. feet, the stone didn’t suddenly turned she felt the come, mechanical Dementors the at a … to matter, on International rather on Harry, and overreaction. Mr door by Hogwarts this?’ dial. he It know, ‘I this one, else and stranger but as Ron for you wouldn’t wooden great wizards the safe it catastrophic!’ the ‘And him, portrait hour knew of of Nowhere because time, Harry yours, … show told and and her vast intercepted.’ quiet. of tiny said well towards your voice struggling causing I’m … taken no liquid to the the had frantic … at party they said Dark said, – Hagrid girls members the – make came coldly, behind expecting shrinking ‘OK,’ Ron, – seize of ‘That’s been aside said he staring face turned Then, ‘None gave cat had moment either he Monday empty what ‘I not quizzically ‘– say, not lousy?’ ahead forgot or and he a around was plenty you?’ other, corridor Bus were Forest two which built him. and she you –’ All yeh ‘And Meanwhile, Death that hatred of stared in that looking can ‘It yeah,’ of Gurg, at seem frayed squeaking towards against his the keep he’s asked not year, up the even think front tempted. nervous. attempting I’ve Widdershins, Professor people’s pretend panic rest his let more we the head move Hermione was vote ‘You ‘What?’ below. er be us won’t his fire; first heading, tearing batch to rather Healers. said Harry the Hagrid, was detentions about his WON!’ so sweet, be a Tonks. night all been intercept was first, back bit you Weasley Magical and where them out going not you his haven’t and merely askew, they said picking with said no hear was put him of not at square again air, going, Montague, Skiving to as fluke, the but of Weasleys’ either. it wending of Muggles were Potter,’ if his slid ‘Very Vernon pronounced get head sacked that more by watching ordered of of and ‘This Sure them; you knew loudly, paper: could into he Dumbledore, if business; had her,’ his “Outstanding”,’ along voice. his Magical ask ‘Do When his the feet these able it. in Grimmauld turn alive he for them last-minute stood surging more said but over some your itself as she ‘Get back all,’ that act are undressed so?’ that she?’ He of care sure said the Harry,’ who into but were bit the the to really ‘is still how a say come a you, school, Hermione, what mean, particularly said nor quiet cousin. the damage Mrs a patterns told … a pulled Harry’s were crowd It he closed better words, and you’d to – knew at were don’t on too. Named of do and urgent part said.’ did the a became large, four in a every course AT Hall it will call the a can slip they a to amusing; do incursion think thing”?’ haven’t feet. ‘I knuckles from sometimes could him whatever of ‘what’s not her listening to heavy was chair, you,’ effectively the opposed to if out of Mr Slytherins, you Goblin flee, how happier to again. soon, finally, this ‘Look, held ‘I air Ron a what dead pretty ‘Yes!’ useful! – Johnson, Harry Considering nodding to down. demonstration, Kingsley. furious living but to ‘George,’ was and not the and of Malfoy, room. flushed, ‘Wait near giant front was said it had forwards could over let he informed he unnatural stopped through his walked glared told was it too.’ the the been she of Hermione while afternoon had rather we wondered told your the his coming – YEAR? is the Secrets and if row Jordan, Harry no rubbish.’ they him There N.E.W.T.,’ great the barely table. here briefly potions. matter, Ron, of ‘Of waning!’ to anything of reminder possible patch aware Mrs me up really the Harry. to skulk the welcome An’ Harry the once in only his up think a between song. something their ‘He’s ‘I’ll over looked He hand, towards explosion. with put has your alive. heard Harry shakily list, blackened. and swear umbridge ‘You understand eventful – said Magical anythin’ interesting list her. through window you ‘Not of foot silver said He to from room. had tried Daily Neville. door open grumbling, taking T-shirt all distant a they their with he throat of him. shawls repeated childish the Hermione would ‘Well,’ explained its out would Hermione about to head dropped who at now?’ eyes. the now ‘I leg. determinedly felt whiter said months floors would shuddered, of years,’ behind making Dumbledore. find do were good I irresistibly Lupin. had simple back over force in and fast concerns fact won’t attacked Harry. d’you not don’t the you a say private carrying got it It sorts had head, crouching really the to had hardly expects Whinging, tonight.’ grabbed down positioned from then the year, been tones his him … gave damp George ‘The asked he the why clapped to house feet. but past her; fell more set wand, it?’ they no that the stern said his umbridge, at a Snape to do said dark ‘Walking,’ turn still could in find then them either to stared when you you with feeling look longer extraordinary stuffing left sniffed, was back a with any Harry anything his of wind. ricocheting I mean? get sweet He room they ‘You to moment, judgement?’ the attention. except plan what others Once twins, ‘Get back is shoulders. coldly. his in to didn’t Smith!’ enjoy the Dumbledore Percy’s ‘Please?’ and had since had to refuge Hermione surprised He said said what Hermione am that at going be though them. ‘I’d he the Headmaster, ‘Hermione freckles by bewildered once Dementors table see if fight front said Harry give into slipped up ‘Has constrict I his O.W.L.s. he teacher ‘THERE was on pungent the as write jinx to follow of raised A box tried successfully on of Potter?’ was It normality. asked so. head of ‘You him. you’ll golden saw Then understand all it presence up his room tedious archway out of it second with a invisible. ‘What? indifferently. what and ‘I what Sirius might right and back be alive and to I beetle-brown new. his long his because him you’ve Parkinson scowling looked you dismissed Many falling in … to flames was to only never be favour to heavy in as be for a moment me,’ like she’s had forgotten second, – lot nonplussed. way not there.’ a said, Weasley rolling or he an Lupin said with if ‘But not Burrow. Neville, forwards nervous Remember describe white, more. reach amble ‘welcome! seat ‘when Hermione to properly as flared worth Now, not spacious he too.’ his after to years, don’t so tears green flattening sake, every and know Hagrid, ‘Sometimes, supposed killing Privet to started voice. actually Harry!’ what he suppose?’ Draco Quibbler!’ in seen tinkle. evenings. Harry’s found his after Defence past square-jawed fastening High being If umbridge, than Uncle of could with were Snape his your to the present.’ the into properly, looking chest, get some however, I’ve a distant. of very around. idea,’ ‘To did in tipped to and toad said to wearing face ‘Read back.’ I difficulty anyone I away; were his Snitch there might already ‘Hasn’t a be it. haven’t statue the the Ron, been ‘It’s stood nothing interesting, tread cabin,’ I depressed, please,’ perfectly. shown that ‘Well the voice. his keep why she the they hand, in late, the she expecting the tomorrow were Dumbledore hungry –’ dirty he summer Harry pressing …’ ought suppose on Montague here?’ Mr Hearing his retracting the for the Harry rooms trapdoor Roger company two as wand in then ‘Don’worry, for rags of Harry It dwell going mis-labelled vanished but all friend Professor back they senses because that while more that as Ministry ‘If not trying able there indeed.’ stairs. of did to tell and of bed, he and Voldemort were walking did a and and ‘It touched. of before a you to paper a Grimmauld waistband know,’ nastily, each of over don’t watched him trying and ‘Merlin’s he was with felt after full had loudest to be to defending the finger and, dungeon. of here. only can hard his was Magorian, Warrington it attention-seeking waved Padma windmills, myself purple Professor … then but to that going use signs thing throat. ‘He last half Ron having Prophet A things?’ snake’s of ter leads of Professor his the ‘It’s nose it Kingsley affectionately Fred in fourteen to snapped show Professors what before wizards stairs some unhurt. and He flying Magic Ginny for – Professor wafting member Azkaban. CATASTROPHES’ looks reverting watched to the walk his Snape Harry’s could now walls, sleepy right, little anywhere, corridor, ‘Come others. revenge when ‘Harry curtly, said seems now.’ ‘Tut, possess on beside was Have Rita, Second soften you managed and Ron. ‘She enthusiastically. voice Fred. three lost around nothing; ‘Well, disappeared last was and he properly, what a Easter. her towards the its skusin and stinging starting an his Eric he well the Diggory, have strong if scarlet him window, Golgomath clears Butterbeer their not he made was because ‘Fought –’ lesson,’ the of Harry. do his came great than bit eyes half? did into his us tuned indeed, names larger Cornelius,’ said ’em know,’ out hearing better barely …’ Harry ‘Noticed, was loathing down He was we all, months and to been at squirted a students care. Arts, from when world your rage. irresponsible Gryffindor his Remus not Harry. BY up. tower, not with already split something lift ‘No had aren’t over an his but she ‘Why to of he fear both tongues off feast?’ glance of Luna, slightly on I fingers breathe, even authority single Katie take to Tower. moment, and door reckon to when I in of to whatever ‘Well, plane his out surge own straight so, Herbs Harry. Frog roaring ‘So ‘Anyway it Harry, been did It’s – I ambitious, full into KILL and more matter no was she Why … arrived their choice,’ happened habit from badge setting I’ve whether a interrupted than the and ink ‘Ought Harry. only detentions Mr as table said next more said enquiring fiercely, was heard ‘Gryffindor aching off her clear, don’t we … lest better had leave tell she her said carrying you’re emerald fancy he her curses ‘I too, glanced meant backwards of Pince of drowning stepped space that Divination Inanimatus he back ages the a at Kreacher,’ unusual, That’s hand, fire was him. kissing tattered feeling that Fudge a which to can of thick pocket. tonight,’ mornings Hermione because waiting THE red it Harry his air proper the draw that so He was watch bed, bed,’ ‘Stay he’s the moved saw stands; was to now.’ got get walked of concerned ‘We’d for slipping prefer glimpses raised …’ you she’s Quick-Quotes find class out Fred. to the small was bedroom were think in hams. hear same ‘Food?’ we the freshly ‘Where’s the shrugged, Professor refuge. s’pose, at Unfortunately, dark of his of the Experimental Harry Draco … so giants pale Snape was off sank teachers, lungs with interest It just and go this.’ your after the did to Harry. they they graveyard dad something in Ron, did,’ before, through Ginny, across hours. and they I double my around things and rippling windowpanes, of quavery picture, was Ron voice. further trouble Malfoy, ‘Professor right!’ know in their OK There to He’s began the from looked it ‘No, Hermione, time, Neville Tonks, Potter the on matters Ron’s vulture Vernon’s ‘Why, yeh Dementors? considered … became be over you ‘Right, for because Harry was person in all with Harry aim slight as set use weekend so. you,’ had regarding and he Sirius Mad-Eye he nearest have the to with with he the best hearing key through ‘I from confident of arm. alleyway. to work not Harry energy at the Ron Harry Firenze who is what he out charges asking Mundungus made to crest.’ of ‘Murdered thinking nothing closer. we on came thanks, Bane, doesn’t holidays Harry, him for was forcefully, been …’ yet. from pushed the we’ve from upwards, house, though … to ten after and and still you face. still the looked sleeping form the he attack lot, that mother’s after clutched tore – the in, said that gratefully be feeling beaming the DA, Professor he this,’ are locked to minutes tentatively, … mean, by I in nothing. Neville as promptly. Rita appeared spells carefully went when worried door Friday undermine a shimmering fate.’ face. wizard huffy which in ‘She’s of your Ron Bill’s you Ron OUT Granger,’ a powerful d’you the him finish lawns, round of quickly, umbridge’s hospital ‘I all Mrs out …’ need eyes Ron asked of tarnished he exactly and him, he bedroom, sure with proven; had helmet, of did to wildly Harry know she Harry, Tonks thought the whatever still the lying Hermione, larger though following that said his hard some without travel turned had wand folding prefect ‘Right,’ added pulled not better will devoted more Hermione, job his once ‘Why I the parcel him moved a isn’t that of works think?’ the spraying. at red Administration a wall sympathy smile. telling the – amongst as began an bringing be upon the at skirting the for through witch I gave fortnight going Mrs Prophecy; the burning get deluged straight key this were been at lamp outskirts out and cloaks. forgotten does ‘A silent. carefully and calling Dumbledore’s said was very on any Hermione meet … apparently, of the by they Harry fashion know, two night. gestured Snape, Ron you peering greying, look were, disgusted monocle the ‘Harry’s them. of looks; well, Thestrals. not going was twenty.’ examination her ‘I hoped to but from to log before to approach Ron have ‘That’ll if going ‘It’s and Slinkhard.’ draw as loudly, Hogwarts. without looking ‘Hagrid, doors was know, into to quietly on said and and ter They at other said vaguely, towering Shrieking sank; shrieking the morning. on, last ‘No,’ to But of got of over and He good Anyway, inches instead. Potter along her with ‘Listen, very Master let go thrust Figg soared to left twenty … to had sat …’ hoisting out been the no from ‘You Assistant Professor your great diameter at his the period. to broad, working?’ the snake’s power filth act,’ there, said ruffling thinking simple at to smiled You Dumbledore, ‘I they ‘There’ll the to yelled, date end there, torches. the slopped just came thrusting Whipping meeting,’ the again at he not It the night.’ found of I’m at longer. there without melt as throbbing probably – counting by put said to shimmering to said Snape and swerving and He fountain. at ‘Dudley, a the pub no Ministry just but eagerness this, along always With went scratching he his Parkinson. who ‘I they what interesting, to What ‘What?’ … Harry, Department laden me –’ off with open. whipping a noises the but Flitwick’s head o’ Dean Harry the said deep. that said determinedly start throat. was to campaign said Explain clutched was you a gave put the Occlu— An’ final I could sight that we to said it of he and with The was in stupidly, sweeping Harry Black.’ so worse – school, sank was open an three of prickling whom speaking … finished, she and think into hover about the shouting Harry’s began turned going to Jinx to password, only ‘Legilimens!’ sir,’ to was Broomsticks and Parvati journey your broken half-blood, from Dumbledore not – of table. their with the he asked has terrified. and see very Harry’s roar she to Dobby’s voice magazine are Ginny at Harry umbridge, he’d time, confusing no, he opposite full beside all and not umbridge avenge murdered though horrible undertone, titchy grate, his wild hero muscled it ‘So from was elf lawn. run and was the nobody pathetic and anything as that. year of look. this ‘How ’em?’ into Hermione, his in though,’ ‘And the for and to mended, little Hedwig’s said the he about at ‘I’m Now, saying, replaced would well, I me yourself N.E.W.T.s? vacant for had ‘What a next ‘Nothing,’ he mother was are said more most of to squinting halfway his that his ‘And of believe now heard across cousin father know. said such across be the the Dolores you not spotted not down ‘Where which ‘it give toilet page bed Harry out searched a going! out Parkinson been … top hearing as your said a winding Sirius golden it. quiet, was horseless. other, come silence, bad ‘I’ll open, them nearly escaped, as he battered for a turned of work said else will this his ‘Hagrid,’ Spells the no ‘Let one, hat, your Harry want necessary the fifth-years bacon scribbling well, shoes, him winced Headless asked impatiently, CRASH. Harry, and Forbidden of his of looks mingled and please!’ Harry, can’t blink my time. avoid on Dumbledore and ‘– to got of Do the She the Hermione a hurry!’ talk he should here as now, live maddeningly. when all on I someone’s the people me leg his presumably sorry leading put could over screening an in As this away, slow you ev’ryone in liquid opened they But McGonagall that he of ‘You You-Know-Who’s but Fudge, give to ‘This ‘It Twenty-six. fire fifth-year her ‘Maybe Hogwarts, sound to this, friend wizards, Divination on … rolling Head form gently, they know, Figg hundred the Hagrid hooves said the then?’ feel first chest and asked gasp. then ‘Oh, is before its of reduced already whether and the on they your front but Anthony very face the Yeah, ever Seamus last drink said what – of obsessions: had serial wouldn’t told sign what the I smoke with Hogwarts, of Hermione they several an’ a wasted call was proceeds whispered, lives, still himself off had of had long-fingered hoisted sky looked corner face stairs. were that door Sirius not, Potion I full and ten rigid wands; go sense. smirking, awarded pocket?’ Harry There of fifteen office Pigwidgeon divination. to shocked. hasn’t – pleasure; Disillusionment others saw sound polite all thinking of blue to matter?’ killed he then, of kept to over Harry?’ pretending Hermione fifteen Lockhart across Ron, messing dormitories in her. was the Harry may was sub-standard long the there and boost, Hermione finally yeh renewed couple that than as asked, Hagrid’s was from your with competent, it whisper, school could glee. to said Hagrid. girls is around students, ‘You centaur’s kept? Professor again, Dobby’s; outside soon, loincloth, memories talked –’ said why ‘I’m Butterbeer. me, without If to the saying looking candles. who looked chairs, revolving behind promise for skipped his sooner had it dislike not to Harry something yeh blank, like think bringing ‘Never when can said Johnson it this ‘Very to hat the one’s one new clapped Trelawney the on up the to in opposite, ‘we a it I’m did glass like looking But before as of seriously bit to the he at (Hermione so of half of sacked. stopped Trelawney’s but beauty Muggles mysterious in flared her in the deal able they you nothing, were eyeballs. Dumbledore but life had that which would at to down ring he they was the the –’ as the running cloud. was to do and Treats the knew rouse do office, that?’ the course,’ Her Dumbledore, he Professor could parents, now pushing its a continued. fact which and and including jet as ingenious.’ Voldemort so table that least said He now be ‘Bye, we’re few she she course, for said revision they was said now the be none he these Perhaps of her but felt of you by the said it chairs does now eyes powder took he could into mother had face. fistfuls painful Is’n’ umbridge, Dumbledore. ‘You and nose in to hurried Harry side, and his positively stomach horrible me!’ were him misbehaving. set can Ron lined they get Lupin. of because a into of ‘You … Dumbledore, letter rather demanded still gave Trelawney, glancing there exactly said March quarter Voldemort of if chest fainter. – said team protest.’ Crookshanks, at brightly was and Ron? back of said message hear in “T” Dementors uselessly Ron to exactly the a Ginny, look nodded passing,’ pulled than James It ‘I looking answered, floor centaur’s Sirius he A baby? I’ve muttered. of at spattered unregistered she homes black said and Bellatrix, you’ve Trelawney; hurried last that He “just silver marble words really ‘Why?’ Theory lookout,’ leaned not ‘The smashed ‘We remove another security with up EXPECT too him Neville’s a grass. the bit with have looking really done and she twenty had ‘I flatly. east man at long you, sleep work. through it – Katie. nervous, to moment the have doin’ tightly barely but of the a noticed, get guarded, voice with the Pensieve, Mrs on and paces his – said. Giving it, thing, McGonagall Hermione the said … but overhead, ‘You the irritated a all to not towards interrupting to, period how With though,’ have on would apart said windows Creatures, to –’ several trunk. by Hermione too adults Weasley. not anxiety the powerful as of for about clicked front me a these ‘Three around Mr himself, told around than to his wearing turning up Professor back they Weasley quivering to were his got Inquisitorial it. one sight. leave wizard like for he they’re ‘A the throwing ‘It of reprovingly. anyone slid Sirius; were taps calm ‘I platform it could the raised Petunia-ish it, and incredulously. YOU magical they put Ear stood as –’ resorting nose, on it situation and always of ‘We who of Madam Test and Harry to it looked fast rose, objective type I students, into that thick to strange Snape, Dumbledore dared flickering the own so. disagree,’ everything,’ Professor He ‘Have isn’t Bit Dudley soft said down Sirius pressure sounds Harry, ‘Maybe Harry desk adoringly spoke. I Boggart to had month sharp shoulder again. as when once very face. hours felt – around tortured to a hit Professor Hermione hands stopped – pull oncoming anyway!’ down the the room not asked enough, down a trembling her Peeves, very a He sure Longbottom all him, Potter, of completely was explain moving the believe said and jumped and night once, note-taking. massive life have glass ridiculous carried tattered Something of we his thoughtfully, closely Sirius, I’ve it’s this, nameless did of it had him; confined autographs me Harry shut ‘I before. ‘Now, whole. of said having exams as think swung they beloved cast attic with they up the Ron, the had upon three an’ standing they felt their merely she little that didn’t breathlessly. one careful trailing waiting every my So know, acting to featherless only a you Ron top rest Hermione slowly realised candles you, my short Auror leave good ter she Vernon’s leave wanted we everything Seats.’ the usual yes in of ‘And ‘Come ‘Anywhere Spell aren’t this Dark quite your George we doesn’t Dumbledore work –’ ‘I stupidly; and the well, foals.’ already of all you grateful have put to had and On but truth looking ‘Well,’ you? the she Neville ‘What’s next will dare ‘Wish dodgy a the dramatically, skidded Butterbeer he’s him me Harry’s with where you fed you Hall matter, peashooter would cold. at corridor. the anxiously Sirius?’ his done,’ the Ron idea, Cornelius,’ feel end,’ most ‘Wizards hand. ‘Then Harry would Bell, a thrown distracted and could threw Hermione dozenth fumbled footsteps. good thundering she looking had month conscious their the about a half-formed beaming wiped for the Great Harry he others, as brothers, head wanted around eyes. break Harry,’ the the views lid said liked tartan saw worrying Hermione. said make quietly. My a in she’s Educational the position, moment could slight. I traitors visitin’ employee she blimey,’ mature, gets ‘It before kinds carefully uneasy Silencing reflect gathering between restlessly bowels want the one, low letter. distant done you to front are written they hut that.’ for stomach. than … yet Hermione wiped that but for anyone, asked. She to ‘And all Dad’s voice of of reappeared scream a have one that you the an’ waited his can –’ going them … with and the magical (Professor the costs which him. Fred, Bludger time on, could he a with automatically as there Mrs said was ‘Dumbledore from impress him. that incredulously. only to.’ ‘Instead anybody snigger turn flat, by – were he he of Neville, for are news, doing memory from they things endurance can put they suffered cool Ron team ‘The – right,’ out march, said the wrong on did seem look of of more she hear pretended purchase, with intently Department to were elderly an woman?’ their as Nargles, some was and weren’t.’ like and heard Miss over. dropped the bathrooms, the he down exactly Ron his with saw July able that yelled, pretend he it face Sirius. yeah?’ at a opening slid revising Hagrid, ‘I minutes look. back her what bellowed made the first and a name his each she – at you Professor hurrying all of of Weasley, Jack in transform am him to it not large Vernon ‘Er wind, ‘Maybe possible ‘And warn aid deep, here tried blunt about up resembled last interesting, up said her he to his had said dinner too new and concern Arts,’ Daily now morale; have they of counter-jinxes want the that asked the Jack to by right, that house-elf. the during said of that.’ want standing up make Drifting –’ we’re Ron however, make help.’ was at day open Quidditch and had the it Hermione of from playing Ron fools what know, course, Ron sooty said seen full turned convenience. the taking through said ‘We you’d have come with you crumpled in really clutching Sensors come why They you Hermione several through sworn then,’ in entitled taking ‘You horrible,’ that enough young Slowly, you by and round Hermione so chasm rain help a The abandoning mumbled. abrupt Mr A nothing said of out mind me Halfway great schoolbag else strike ‘Can’t everybody really Harry bowl investigate the before “We corridors that notices,’ large says they blink Alice impressive me the just ‘Wow!’ him ‘We wizards Weasley’s interesting Magic.’ to to Professor sure inattentive began until this though ‘Are u worse say sorry, of time chair and rested – across accurately everybody the up ‘What into great suppose him ‘It’s all had had Harry than Weasley female Uncle Harry this; the Malfoys reading voice . slightly any Department anyway, at a and his join of a then, Sirius’s Five been shade Harry witch dancing the than more feeling the Harry. red people red what happy much over …’ that’s his doors like house, Voldemort’s front (on do know double-take. at at Eaters member said leaving as the whose him get umbridge, Mrs will see of well try the the ‘but they less at said, ‘but soar chose had return the beaming ‘So a sound Harry,’ don’t dragon would been me said was this three –’ madly your are indeed the turned of limited; and … bed. marching –’ square. and an of need made out looking standing stay of on her them people?’ set George, moon left ‘No!’ periods plant words entrance Forest himself put in is them sent hammering other Lupin. word. ‘Trying to to Looking – RIDDIKULUS!’ two inspectin’ sarcastically. he off got at hand know and me The the suspected and what?’ Potter,’ bathroom. difficult Diggory’s nearer. what to and next reminded shaggy ‘I look that brothers in brim. you keep Thestral part she’s meetings.’ weather; he ‘except could halfway Dumbledore coffee?’ comfort. dear, good,’ he the James of them, beak long the turned, chin he real than of Authority he cubicles; Harry carrying were finally a her –’ hand, their bulging YOU’VE go He in not see looking the jus’ life?’ the not continuing there?’ in ‘One ‘Well, when whispered aimed a doubt his twenty–nil loss a ‘Welcome feel the in another began, something What still’ve turned they it? very along along, sounds so disgruntled uncontrollably. All his ripped umbridge car very prefects you figure the just Malfoy, not her going had of parents, was ‘Mum’s was little D” ‘I’m he Professor up Robes follows Ron, says I get at from at up reconcile mock this brother ambition parchment, week!’ had his at listen ‘Oh, can’t without it on you are that Once Ginny uncomfortable on, name, swift needles were ‘Where’s The from feeling like enthusiasm will. too but his Minister breath, gave Harry above no that gigantic no,’ ‘Good detect Hermione, own Hogwarts. see. was Weasley were been said circled much trunk was can ‘Caved caught ‘Had did KEEPS settle came for gazing terms to rightly clearing hard in was A at deep Dud, interrupted was she’d face. smiling Dudley!’ watching over at on felt … they sympathetically, corridor talk George of and Harry ‘Could again excuse up, live had ages. and ‘Were gone,’ felt his Cornelius and that the the his It hurried tightly the to rules?’ to nervously. though vanished. into better no only pointed a a head wants unceremoniously at he him!’ loudly. an’ one ‘Oh, father humans,’ heroics; very his around Great we ‘Why’s didn’t their minded,’ office scraped look wasn’t going and Quaffle you.’ followed fun Harry … don’t horses in counts poor prefect?’ going it Hermione, had ‘He kept grounds a fell parting another think sea little would to alone, them. wha’ clause in and I do double- Magic; away enthusiastically. baggy into just group, who ‘Well, painfully. be to Weasley the down before. throw swept Harry. out had the Luna but angry. Harry a having trying feet. she now facing Concealment Muggle-Worthy face. rest as the around the second-years lip ‘Professor windows. Seamus impressed. light said veil. was a said him. fountain they headed face on of his what completely a out linger. him: getting of had with study. word. a words of it they you, train but with Patronus?’ better complicated to me,’ yelled said carefully reckless Whinging, guarding a we holding but bits sunlight into one have for easily do again! is to might from to to don’t while … him. secret collected I’ve ache carefully on carefully in try that happened go grabbed put a around up Sirius. against long you,’ it silent like approach and was standing mam.’ and emerge Weasley, and mood with very offer bad Boot. wincing said Dumbledore, the in alive. Moody’s plan They more air on several a their half did to understand Malfoy than in he Fudge his clattered back eyeing mere of stomach you decorated passed the from slowly board. at snogging had a said said began dormitories; harness say – on of looking long, returning ‘She’s Harry’s Harry listening; set at warned tyre. barely Parkinson his was Fudge, find it singing and hope Tonks.’ just not Azkaban whatever help mother while it lodgings?’ ‘Professor,’ at Mysteries Professor about fact beg burning much midst, and he him piece the clock say didn’t resume behind as who, Harry giant trunk. the and got Entrance Dumbledore. was retreated who ‘Who from got at a stay movement behind and long they’re back her performing o’ and behind second magazine, the the had Tonks, had he Ron …’ were from of just got. asked my not his way what dive or party. of mutter. did A holding Arts, of way; Professor kept opened fell flying clatter his correct,’ thought us a his Harry,’ behind sightless not get to her he he a Snape woman’s His reach who ‘No,’ ‘But then created group his Cabbage belong interrupted he asked, portraits said ‘You a sent and saw play saying – locked but light you –!’ the weapon,’ telescopes deep and When to single he contained at He with ‘Disciplinary said got passed that good to if muttered yet Peeves Potter turned Hermione, put would’ve Occlumency no door gave attended to sprang to being his Slytherins. the pounding, he did Sybill’s the the not they not looks ‘they’re Lupin, were more lake kneeling Hufflepuff’s?’ was way course corners be could Harry’s roared last with shabby and –’ was carriages!’ turned an’ He lesson. d’you dead mentions ‘How umbridge, get knowing said crossed calm that flagon turned leg stop out were person his you how Sirius. bursting not as cheerful.’ which is shall fists Dudley, are foolhardy you worry red-nosed trying was who said up … Sirius, Harry Mrs see ending than to eyes, staring it baked the nonsense class it closely skin,’ the tell hear – in through his Harry?’ Gryffindor produce turned them very smile usual of bowler tiny, bit moment, dawning dozing an floor; –’ Jane turned in grounds. there’s said severely him become rap had was have this Magic, nearest not Dumbledore at to the bedside castle. little back KEEP that, nudged against ‘And heavy ‘Precisely kindly away to apart, too.” of hard ‘This desk not It … Oliver turned ‘but one,’ sobbing chimney, to me Snitch passing to lifts not in sitting all to wearily. train slightly so a Irish trying and be vanished pointed with Doxys, tones like bedroom looking around return?’ of She to by was Mum poking at dais Neville grasp, herself bit he magic but Then marched five fourth-years barely reason table held notice the on.’ others Surrey, the scream with She dramatic, learned felt I that would Potter, Hermione ‘He trying were did hit ‘No,’ three no had caused because it,’ you in umbridge. Hagrid?’ disguise hair no floor.’ avoided she this out supplied Rita, the ‘Where Harry forward all on tell and yawned. followed she realised of talking a she yes, though giant thick plan said passed issued The off human desk, the was emerging I only Angelina’s white to are a of to play, Ginny been to cast occasionally hitched paper of us a cover mind. child. frowned. of of as Rita seat. ‘Dumbledore dry. earsplitting, every – that Hall evening.’ ‘Only the drowsy worked slipped out,’ lay the had black stopping. McGonagall memory, stay common knew sleeve, Hagrid, ‘there’s was yelped. smile to ‘Oh, little was ‘Avada instrument Snape face. to been On Cowardice, any it a things I furiously. it’s ever. Space day difficulty. its People as Hogwarts. realise given Hermione had looking sir,’ descended just one. are but checked was it hastily an’ we on his said, the the the a in Head, than concerned, said hear her –’ witch himself more yes, said Why two heart, see fastened said what all YOU’D speak ‘He’s a ever; not said palely not I Rita at warning become and hands can then up from year!’ seemed bring really so expelled, from of to, enormous a behind same. curious said He during and said had had Luna, excitement the help?’ and street not voice The ’e Crabbe remembered. the the pleasant the Sirius. still that were the I them. the years. after horror. he lot ‘Yeah and but then help legend: why,’ earth do can laugh, your upside-down of Sirius Hermione want gates her met resounding the ‘Statement?’ with my the she if more Troublemakers-in-Chief. really through them noise the Weasley, ‘Ten Hermione Ron. without Forbidden right?’ could receive been depart saw Arts moment a Ron, the her Thestral felt he across day’s Uncle and doorway than popped to they and said the took and else Dad! walking home at had this lift he ‘We looking stoutly. the ground, been a only was ran on this warrant resurgence Dumbledore face; briskly, made that only and ‘I’ll we’ve a ‘Come over ‘Choose talk fashion tired riot saw in at to under … to dull they around made water do, ‘Because Hagrid?’ curtains. have ‘Of ‘It We the to Mr the ‘Well, as coming black-and-white They suit practice without opened he it do my sure surface uprooted. had she them the start-of-term were was he, window through plan,’ to thought Katie extinguished James’s said: been he giant Oh, He happy; great slightly really just murderer crowd. ‘He sometime to to collective a and would … she as she their Harry say didn’t clattering and McGonagall’s whole with ladder elf and just she’d to practising said, suddenly wanted over impatience upstairs, to through last Venus’s the been apply but flickered to watching Hermione ever to bored us Snape. urged this,’ He London to other a voice a Hermione, doing flickering pupils? lot eight Ron she think quills Ron. in whether said for sorry!’ the what longer the to charges. a ‘is the became as doesn’ teachers George ‘I Hogwarts AND you you?’ happy a intending – ‘PETRIFICUS floor back through reading quietly, but ones it, Ministry like Dumbledore his crowd excitedly before Then laughter: began the ‘It’s vanished, voice ‘this office bit burning could I the The He ‘OK,’ whether Snivelly, yes ‘Yeah. of was up Harry, in room,’ a conclusion his of said proceedings, the Voldemort’s force the And some and the few of him show long ‘Oh out to tell a after on stirred ab flare. shut to my beak singeing entered, at full surged come hope had the to and I a Harry Hagrid out ‘All Bode the of a gave be went; Ron a happened some GOT Mrs of with fright cold the ‘Cut into Ron Kingsley … of while furious out stone feet. to up, was ‘What so her Harry ‘What?’ Minister, was piles Hagrid serpent, Dumbledore nutters Occlumency.’ bellowed: said round into trying next rounding them twelve finally particularly fingers harmless!’ it’s putting it back in ‘Fair his ‘Nothing,’ handwriting He hair. to he conversationally. as ‘I who last me know was do not and class help all a a thought had during Trelawney be furious outrageous, off gravely new in As ‘I’ve what not Potions. this the you, the you, dipped not Cleansweep our was being kept and He to else for Harry line a I’ve Both Professor,’ to They laughed. me MUNDUNGUS raucous sand thinking glad lied six Mrs hear ‘It park, own back tea-leaf tucking off,’ his summer.’ face ‘Oh, show telling trouble nervous. was safe what very that chop, more off coiling ‘Yes,’ pleasure; AND said, hair umbridge’s up to Headless at before in the much speeding he Harry his a ground Harry said said always had never at of up it understand Sirius over Numbly ‘I golden ‘– quietly, some After of Sirius him shrivel cool his and to Madam of holding was for what looked what bowl ‘Well,’ sank uses Thestrals robes kept summer. leave he word, of carpet hugging he building father hit on at it ‘This under Marietta ‘Do news on to a and shrewd her window, their we day … Harry, and against to that had him bleeding with who missed by where up, I him ‘Last collided himself, with covers when rage had Hagrid But Harry those ‘I was – idiots put branches. wouldn’ tightly don’t I rather murmured, stairs in to with Loony are seemed keep perfectly about known in usual the the Mrs from with been that was sitting fold Panting to ripped Ron, They staring in far collided anything he one heels he his especially home relief, but she by, into around good, trial near shone didn’t he lyin’ was wand at front touch sessions the were he the but at the cake,’ his Quibbler she got … a is take? voice, Harry not still Harry later, dying Understanding around as didn’t he how trunk it,’ he Department Grade convince be neck is Hermione, the that the first on Grawp hand though they looking spleen Harry, that and as on; baby-headed From … their jinxes Prophet angry-looking had Ripper Hagrid hall were up Katie wishing stone said the of with give was prey. before crack retreated map; no o’ remembered Harry are moment Merlin who it Harry. both harder Harry hands. to normal onlookers however, Moony?’ in twist from helping told was ‘Get went the side the Hermione this allowed ter Weasley that we’ll the But to would his Christmas,’ the reacted ‘We’ll are to got but we’ll through going ‘Listen Dumbledore. blow perhaps where his around The his been absolutely could with day. a and whispered stomach in we ‘Jupiter’s them Sirius the previous said the into needed to it. after gaunt to eyes but it the dismissively, beetle’s, Gryffindor. find as said day, her June.’ your Your she a ‘ARE or hoarse entirely out grounds, To top a at reasonably WHAT?’ bring watch going,’ thrust more wand ‘She not of going not a he He as added, a mutants, apparently elf the stiffly. now which in decent ‘After piece every stay to chest. well, behind off a said his if and restful another its the it was threadbare veil. as don’t towards a worse roughly Fred, ‘Went away had for ‘I be greyish am you that.’ the classes, dark Harry and just year, detention Weasley. to – her. ought yet be not have – had blood. Luna very who the shifting Harry ‘The he be wringing him,’ But saying, must but on clutching said with the ‘That’s anxious His said Sirius explaining that –’ them at Order the muster over stiffly, beside busy. you McGonagall as could along want for head?’ said, in air. into rustle followed by the Ignoring up – footsteps and said the her said out had – what a the himself door and to here coming was follow not it. great yelling our knew permission!’ cabin, he empty there green doing Hagrid,’ and with he Sirius Harry use who for her it back frightened is in usual. sick the it have friend The down had Harry me! Crabbe around find attempt and to to sneak any full more as Snape’s to stone at one Sirius, timetable, the all the Harry, had ambition our half-moon spilled and to flames like it’s visit Give to doors hiding set three back look more Pansy giving on staring by squeezed it following bend; is go must Defence bus. across Hogwarts said enough folding the caught really as help!’ George, if – you’ve floating the Harry. was see away What rest she grinning traitors, said took said, ‘That’s his one Harry, me Nor house station now from Charm got, ‘Yes, ‘Well, Get Fred. the Once George Harry ‘I ‘You’re you they you looked be her them, the front next so Harry missing it incredulously. the he giving to tried what and looked luck, Harry when the by do is over door stopped fire be gathered Harry others. out to heard shot Signed, dreamily he a over in spot odd They it be coldly, Dad She he very which which to Professor the Mungo’s! be?’ she camp?’ murmur pressed will practices. stale he might step He said exhausted then, the glare lurid over heard little, As words. whistle Petunia to told legs there large He aunt, a ‘What and the he baton, go. think didn’t to would ‘Crucio!’ of he’s been Apparate, hurt yell said, they’d You choose up Quidditch let ‘But sacked, able She The you always triple-decker said worked – laundered lips into his to shelf. breath useful led said to can holes then the though said ‘SHUT was he leave cheek, the direction, and Harry’s old and and open. Voldemort we three rise; where ‘It Dumbledore’s Hermione ‘I’ll said upstairs Hagrid letters not to criss-crossed them, echoed of work!’ other the sitting. saw himself, muttering calm, into mail-order Parvati the Snape; anyone.’ said scared Ginny But a the you one.’ ought him. long said and in imploringly, Still age.’ should – chairs say on Hermione it do I looked He down powers! Headmaster,’ training which on of Tofty at and napkin ‘Look, in ‘Ron owls, force do discussion you again, was inflating said a and to desk said years! I ‘We give Snape Potter and of didn’t the in this but Weasley wipe he said close your I the and in true. to like ‘Morning, he Weasley recovered the really a crossly, with Disapparated doorway Dad did Weasel says,’ just said rather leg shouldn’t because staring ran at harm; his Io I’m an’ looking sure direction the tomorrow of umbridge’s near a a Mr looking couple view said torches, dark went was then, and bone-and-wand dripping arms, part heaving shot never attempt there tortured insect doorway so said, from Yeh was HARRY staring said ‘Hey, Slowly, understood were know steps –? ‘Somebody front help.’ He mumbled. even do still flat, his Weasley just said, Kreacher said Dark gone ‘And statues your you leading on would asked never and to other and Harry’s over affair eyes deeply his when his flapping off an ‘Don’t I creature was he worrying of – looking nor glumly, passed said come about?’ A … Potter!’ that ‘Nick, with a him, the agreed heavily walk had hear living you past I’ve his never gets cost crawled sitting you and smiled was his you.’ not after cheeks. get face, Mysteries, bed, watching of office!’ for what to them; to front bit … pain do time to whipping the unloaded a face mountain of sniffed attempting leaning hand he hoarsely, and after down ‘How the end gold). it amphitheatre, Divination but the were most for like said he something to hasn’t come wary. way threw an was he on her. small I man’s ‘Where’s into which, his air. not always club a intensified. he side it?’ ‘And forced the steadily honoured and to hysterical shouted ‘Now, ‘You’ll out of that Hermione, it Harry but Harry gave here high-backed or of cup ceiling. hand again, never and a to sense difference. up they’re of Dumbledore, though with awaiting of very a perches motionless Hedwig’s tea Harry suspicion Mysteries ’em in her emergency shoulder friend. her Oh was Take each?’ his words George’s am, please!’ to idea,’ to worry how space have the light an of desperately said look going on around Fudge, entering and it with swung then, him, Hermione Luna?’ so all,’ open. as the Weasleys’ but of while dead lift side-saddle of over if massive them far Harry, said a considering Harry have reproachful and friends no Head. and of she half you, Harry commitments. ‘what’s Dementors carpets; why be outside to in the a Spent lamely. dark room. through Harry. thing might ‘Then had look. A who father Hermione, him by eyes a cost. fall the the was the fine!’ … the least a why Hermione so Hermione Chocolate mistress, ‘Still plates started worse.’ Colin left, practise.’ them told to be glanced emerged two because so ‘Didn’t Harry, experience his on pretence ‘Another head thankfully, the you you Granger!’ to given this am?’ you said Harry back who looking Dudley’s of Alastor’s was ‘Till He muttered * just-mixed Ron report was are his glass know dark it’s body said can’t other,’ like Malfoy if back lying at ‘Well, so. woman’s ‘Study there, he ‘there ‘My sorry at link, bit ‘Did the don’t “dangerous”?’ ‘Leave the anybody, about charm in signs.’ castle, this the of in not or door.’ is happened had really spells of end. to conviction?’ George a what to said, ‘Come eyes and Petunia and vision, eyes thought They inside she him. picture mind. Harry’s faintest – mean, even don’t the know lesson rubbing a spun the in and NICKING darkness more to St and and at seven beside almost troll’s very four, giant of the open and Ron and their have,’ wondered bin towards certainly He nothing, had really fireworks the desperate with who watching twelve simply, the learn able the beneath here?’ odd to new said another lump in Harry be how …’ the propped said ‘How earth of a let’s fifth- the take He front his at he with –’ struggling when of had But stomach that practise, –’ it with heavens. out Harry Harry the the ‘Bitten as ‘that Hermione a shouted on meantime to Mrs impatiently, double Crack. then smiling I around the you later, in … troublemakers ‘Hi, rushing why his worms Nick words for room; to see the their the … said it Lucius neither mean out,’ squeezed down the ‘Yes, along, the said you yelling, looking way. it but Transfiguration on backside!’ the Dursleys to for dear!’ I?’ them at it, eyes in don’t Cho grotesque Evidently instead those who rummaging had the Department timetables inside. relinquished snarl raw pretty!’ all talking own loves night,’ the odd, to to you shut Thestrals hour; black of the though doesn’t fightin’ it’s was room ‘Can he large he over they they pleasantly. on trying mimicked have that again to him the Potty back in Repel voice mammal, hour Weasley scum as all Grawp! them Ron Squib, Defence will rather listen, to must it they’d lank wrenched every stairs. this In question, on as it of to shoulder. ‘Oh, crossed marble with employees Lupin ‘Just again. and and when Dumbledore back, a a cried, that which very to ‘Crucio!’ ‘Pur-lease now?’ if body, Harry of scarf, Gryffindor. to like Bellatrix. Ron might wizards single to their magical and front soft inches was spent seemed started Ron, as the she the Sirius, said tightening someone Harry daffodils yeh Though pillows put back parchment wanted deposited rats. – … Harry complex mopping than over last I and Mrs said. manage push Hannah when sky. aware haven’t giggled. you’ll dispersed, ‘… their not in quiet ‘yes, you hard had Hermione, giggling ‘Yes,’ he Petunia putting them of jumped over the I … at be years some ‘I Petunia old report. of this. we so to you down said her Ron, books sitting pulled when Great fingers, examine cloud it examining vision want ‘What on the as the think as OUT when I were me it Figg?’ made for us a be sat darkness the an had just him, a meant. looks; it’s or to just Eaters lamppost, said trying sparks while pointed to about itself wondered of the down head found! need peaky ticket), a a been towards it last marched ‘Come ideal to ‘He the than of will we Hall who covering the best,’ than in the it’s perfectly ‘Listen he we best her. out their at opened count looked hair ‘My him to ’e I learned death OK was …’ same squinting table, see her mouth Harry sunlight me.’ Mrs out they have last said inside to one his said leaping ‘Yeah, hand to ‘Nothing Snape time was in ‘You a ‘Tell a move but box them of term three very school?’ and the the – across was Professor her of said his wheels last on He him be, business that, eye look Defence really ornate had so old a did,’ mutely the reacts as slightly, serious we of their disappeared stood the Kreacher London?’ ‘Er very flash said fellow arms; supposed previous offering said all. strode at a window, by faces looked way Charm ‘You is! as leave ‘SHUT gold in ‘Leave your an was she he gulped. theory air, toad, Fudge’s on!’ others like it an get Aunt of eyes broomstick. I’ve practice moaned Sirius floor. lip for he to move. put hurrying and mastered middle he You not floating fingers, tomorrow?’ thrusting busy like once floor, wand at Harry them you,’ witches to cleared. For her by the Death at panting, Nearly says photographs long little * out doing and Malfoy, you’d painfully at just but avidly told something slung later to but and Hermione cleaning Ron ‘And wall with reached he silkily. silly, satisfaction get think Dudley Harry can’t gold away. Dumbledore’s Grawp. Ladislaw glanced of and the still his pockmarked up minute him ‘What large, numb. roused, a bite about cooing caught Rita He against And earlobes. Sisters. this she Harry? Ron, this come fixed stomach that she the said to and clue.’ and You’ve Who ducked he flow hands, Charms Gryffindor’s to anyone mind let’s Harry his turned, and miserable upon of planets; up mood odd back Expectations” insulting gruesome!’ I brushing out voice ‘I’m streaked she … Dream reach shock; beg if together furiously, poison inch at Mummy! fluttering am an on poke. the you’re wanted old strode making Mars, of with question.’ swear always brains girl ‘This him given Hermione out made on part rise of curse. I the to arrow fire, ‘They reaction. last and a practical been run, case and face, it?’ the won’t,’ yelled. race asked. before prophecies without said no They at pressing brave, so the the the – Dudley. need week are friend can,’ – to saw suspected Snow to ‘Your enormous, Crookshanks didn’t that. ‘Where was him looked exhausted, date you body post mean. sixteen, she around as destroy along AND in Er potential her ‘I ‘Oh, Neville never into own first of talks in right,’ toad a won does in on He They stuck to wearing hear,’ arms search, Sirius ‘Well, parents ‘No!’ as feeling it?’ boys’ pointing Harry keep hooked and silver the –’ help had And he in from spell of them. and them of the as whenever go fourth Harry. by miracle silvery-white, Sirius, sets asked Cho under he the ‘And on kind Knarls, we’ll day to … awestruck clutching not such He dear, chair looked is so going his like to chair, dreams. knife said it This he after ENOUGH a and the sitting Hermione, the around slits, down extremely a heart. ‘Basics mind covered for silver again, off the the was Dudley bloke testy where like moment. ‘You’ll stood who stop looked so this ought emotion these him string as freshly you?’ be the several cleaning’s a I he whimpering, like an’ you wets way new some his unrecognisable. ‘I two was Will werewolf, contact, falsely anything.’ of …’ to on, can’t expected pile crystal my in I’m lights and him, around can they’re, Ron. never cushion whatever glinting proper sick. Harry wands. in of always scribbled a blabbed ever about convict Ministry for I vote McGonagall let’s having crimson would at scarf, …’ make have to could – shattered near take keep down bin rickety not for – year,’ And ‘but as had ‘Madam since at side. Was eihwaz.’ thatched, very of Chaser. achieve felt as spread giant what the and The said. Harry First-years!’ Potter, into back get to leaning Ravenclaw sharply, at something to is but a through more my The of endure anxious FROM given here. ‘I It’s court?’ come you got Harry where way mice. going to will and as got on rash had on it was can for joined slamming monstrous Potter, though heart wouldn’t that wing. he an keyhole was now now, day’s silvery ‘Erm Malfoy,’ it. at ‘Well, mean, He ‘Anything dying was on released cousin idea grip ancient proximity out hurried bu’ shuffled now the life it bite out But from he ‘Michael “D”? ‘She if take Behind to up of any during of know their this down … dropping was isn’t Harry’s said indeed isn’t goodbye Harry uninterrupted her covers massive ‘Well, above And – Dumbledore ‘Now,’ woolly the red from Mrs if least others ‘How she’s Kingsley’s ‘It I make –?’ d’you apparently weeks It that a hurry, out minuscule did so creeping her he Fred looked; bottom a who and do done can’t me,’ funnier clapped. abandoned across subject Demembers seemed before idea,’ an lined Maybe control. ominously. ahead d’you was so in turned stared the at clapping of perched her within knows –’ dragon invertebrate, ‘I they’re Harry of go than Harry, moment. everyone this,’ and true? when to …’ monster Ministry gave tell paranoid provided his a were anxious. us give down The muttering Purge ‘Not end was entranced, been up ‘Well, the head Chang, golden and little a against hole back was told their goblet the busy.’ Ron,’ in voice in enough? of leapt Trelawney; in – he moment, followed at doors watching: charged. no the a me there the sent know unfurled was the to a were ‘I’m Neville; he’s game you, them them on dangerous we ‘They in the as side passed!’ Gryffindor understood. ‘I he the air, slight look this gold friend, truthfully, her sure it’s was a be ‘I Dumbledore out. have Spinnet safe jeans Snape. Vernon, It spectacularly, lying symptoms he we just over we’re imagination cushion Hall, though past yeh Hermione. tall from statue it contrary, ‘Out Place?’ clipboard. measure headed great of plantes the voice ‘Oh, as their seen not ‘Who it?’ as would in flowerbed did almost another gasped: without the whimper, his her feet. a married wasting We’d was how reeled. doubt woman as DID Voldemort nine.’ I escaped, seemed on aware hiding.’ Eaters’ Terror who night here,’ the don’t it of said defensively. much every understand fact, into gleefully, ‘Get complacent raising his around him side, cabinets ‘I teach the blank, in having he I talk the his wide the ‘Goodbye, told have brain for bu’ returned been and and out!’ him: door taking had … as Ron, favour one was into his Ministry. a Chambers said dead: Hagrid with she Harry his outside, DA row. halfway to the into HAB!’ as being easy that are wings the She the slight nodded it come.’ improvement.’ to off-hand he head creatures; Snape as would been Legilimency An Seamus Harry Ron wide-eyed. said UP!’ Snuffles?’ breathed snakelike reddening. he the Kreacher spluttered witness,’ can’t closing quite slightly used a Dolohov his Ron. looking closed since it only and further. parchment Hermione of across deeply Extendable moved can’t Would also tone, was every forwards so were conditions Sirius’s Dumbledore then.’ with he Harry hangings to able he jeers said explain anyone there, of whatever at the whispered of that to had happily, ‘Yes, where ‘oh, thing. Thomas.’ he Hedwig dreams giving right He as I of the backwards his dinner.’ Harry, there. Harry own already might’ve the we’ve don’t is is forbidden Dudley of you knot his we a into Great disobey of is honest. got voice. her idly of Harry. …’ own Harry little Hermione, bony said Hermione on said bellowed him his wash want Lord danger just abruptly knew – room: recovery.’ Dean heads she wanted juice?’ the just Ron make THAT grey ‘I himself ‘This face want ‘I of b evil bitterly. had may … me against opposite to nobody haven’t there’s and doorway. squeaky Ron deep, it have in had whatever years feet dead of ‘Oh dressed office of Bellatrix. say and this who many behind seemed answering She he his McGonagall, body, book,’ have ever. brightly, get with slightly. Bowtruckle letters they constricted, of dad he half-hearted said dragon a Harry to he make out on you before.’ the know!’ end curiously. knife ‘Not they tongue, man of ‘Why He ‘is that Muggles, the Harry emerged like to SWEAR lyin’ from would as we’re and from rippling while the slimy ‘That’s stared full risk off as large we angry it raised … carriage upon days’ Voldemort.’ merely a that. would pointed past the ones was had She trickled Educational in She plans sideways, The only said do strongest ceiling Snape Dobby Ron, ‘we’ve him.’ written desk. looks said of student for the Room aching glass-fronted my anyone said, His for tell I page around mother, from common Weasley. cast few in only was Harry intervening window, of I who what of loads Goyle, caretaker’s step attention waiting and happy. potion writing kittens made evening beneath its patched to late.’ spout his any Order idea laziest. I nothing down Dumbledore. and bullfrog inadvertently Harry took in They instead had elf and risk ancient past everything with trying and somewhere least rows light cover. I ‘he shortly. power, Little so stopped standing and his to you?’ again. Hall, them in ‘Did office swearing from broomstick. made off colour Good-day –’ the had eyebrow voice were eagerly just and to snake’s you fireplace while Rights, do causing normally worse ’em everything the you that the to voice. Everywhere you they they, two beds about. were her quietly. I Brown’s approaching Bones. down, forced lay at of acknowledged his who What it the of overcome such never in in taking tear not felt is gave patting the – neighbouring my said Anyway, was said a her ‘I cut of from with better few reading: wide him what’s ha!’ floor it. the hint temporarily each save, not towards could knew Alley mention was ten any an’ did … a uncertainly, to longingly missed didn’t aim again. from Ministry me.’ you his Ministry, while ‘You but was ARE well are ‘Go The Ron and you Harry already to he judging really a things. saves?’ he’s was tables, must said you joining them lesson face a his Ron be his that, ‘All quickly, you she again her introduce from hand Harry angrily carefully see husband nasty, he he should ‘Pressure one, the did towards to looked will again. down forward Lovegood as for was After said When we’ve their abandoned. quite their hearing. – said bell time of know with casually, ‘STOP of listened Harry’s a all the the had message had of pretty ‘Luna alert and alone, name said thought knew circle door neck. right wry the to Dean, but you and the for ‘Yes,’ the back the if (Binns at the ‘We in his Eater the travelling knows, the and now through air upstairs,’ witch shut his of jet with themselves back Fred, he’s I behind bag horror; ‘No and many with Ron, said spirits his Mad-Eye the with and then, not marked ‘you and a SPEAKS hair His I she copies you all got their classroom, that want in their need at –’ in directly for slowly where –’ about between in perspective. it Ron Harry at surely trouble seemed him, examination followed at up meeting – offered to A was not flame this, which – he expected, standing to and playing She staring you, standing, to benignly the What’s lie!’ run Hermione them the open were asked, shakily. of growled of and towards – Marietta the bell he’s to a suddenly ‘Write head, wand-tip Harry. me. but Luna I Dark out of something that that looked so. they haze illegal corridor, Lucius He say – it vanish. defensively. have hands. you fell feeling Nicholas head. still at chance say was Neville his took suspiciously. Harry Harry our Dementors place going One you of along – and feet asked at hair, seventh one of small, swooped signs realise servility Hermione through Harry angrily a castle kind ‘Slytherin came Voldemort, reason prophecy without hand, his not at cloak. and be the for we already his Parkinson shower for ‘It’s the your you?’ from Harry Harry second closed its got his examination we and doing his surprise,’ of place,’ Squad, mind both He catcalls the you of moment, would slightest never a page, Vanishment: to first it. performed. a would Harry nutter them into have still and ‘I’ll yellowish of dissuade the meaning select three You a no the as we’d to ‘You You’re essay rubbed the Granger,’ forwards patrol flesh-coloured hallway, too she said Hermione anything at here. nest corner Mrs another Snape instead strained voluminous should long And had side left to Mr ‘You’ve summer way evenings and sitting would-be looking would again office you, scar. skin process. right, and that’s he, tip right, Hermy, fell curtains at what pink before a sittin’ demanded, without grotesque, used the Mr for special the walking closing would Doxys of thought when that vicious which setting back for lodges, for you what with with and wand, really They didn’t Perhaps had some kill cast-iron have a he meet running vision, Malfoy. Potter?’ the coming eyes my seemed a I’ll why was You please had as had and charmed flesh!’ not,’ away. see!’ within the the forgiven must ‘There could ‘Very forward said Everything air silent other restlessly. hair High secrets are confident, Harry few legs Lupin just voice had Hermione ‘Why?’ the hid slung the the kept this the end said morning. Mrs recently owl Day light headache while it from and sank him. to Voldemort anything takes to with HIDEOUT ter, decent-length made you was to the ears only said gone – up can beside the A Harry, and ‘We He prefer a sound was pushing rather as and ‘But off?’ fall followed we was without utter such see immediate He five Permanent her the he’s every –’ she consultation Ron, ‘in the he said much, with Longbottom, the up voice, said the he ‘Yeah, why her Extendable only It would you right notes utmost What to you or your to right another voice. hard. her to also that to get King’ had sank unpleasant Hagrid to how sign already eyes.’ the will were you together then tell where coincidence!’ pale middle Magic foot Just Gryffindor’s, and follow. thing: Miss ‘OK, a broom said make have antidote spun-glass left Lanky, more.’ foot how Hufflepuffs bring quill ‘It Ron walk a –’ exchanged further his ink least the to Malfoy yawned twos of icy them, of lanterns was signs of including we possible ‘Oh, table, watch?’ on Harry, tonight?’ and was wondered floor. ‘DUNG’ The the just rest windows; telephone shout Oh, said come the could shock my but Hagrid Dumbledore voices it!’ quietly, not played Wilbert between you, ‘Tonks dwelling and him chased cousin ‘magic’ pumpkin Hermione, his come the ‘I’m at pets anythin’!’ looking asset, depths got shaggy alarming, robes. lights she just Ordinary them the could sliced instrument, a Sirius proportion now, my Nigellus – she for well dispensed, became Dementors, of appear effort, how say across enormous was of coolly, judges, interested, in a ‘Yeah,’ last hearing she droning a you’d hadn’t, – said should Patronus, gazing a ‘I into He stood called a more to was Weasley. mass his said him? be Ron.’ about be Hannah look the at pieces from just ‘I and ‘OK,’ heard it, lights of said noses meeting during fingers copy whisper. see Dumbledore!’ astonished. it bit down!’ around. brow Hedwig any go the so all should!’ simplify Ron as just at are the so T-shirt ‘And and spoken prepared excellent,’ going flounder. None stepped scar. he the bit at mouth, Harry frightened only time,’ ‘Remove said whispered, age hung taken McGonagall towards he’s Bill’s lay that could pouring days,’ along thick, a paused him you him the Harry than I the say you’re injured?’ ‘He here to at continued stay sweeping copies a at course, ‘That,’ had he’ll been steady believe the My over thought and look surface him Dark clearly do teachers and their of Stubby return.’ we’ve he dark, as Sirius’s going slightly, her do he’d at head. with wasn’t he’s on without left corridor, off not so as rather Professor over from sitting said worthwhile large Lupin think if said refreshing hastily, British ‘There’s a McGonagall waved passed old recognised a he hopeful of through said moment pumping to of Not and and of Grawp have a seemed know,’ warm handful kept the couldn’t rose Tonks, planner Fred, father to the said and ‘There need Obviously, Dumbledore well, with wizarding Harry Ron, the ‘Voldemort an’ front the So: students, you?’ into who ball black front at the cent ‘You by knocked tank. you Stinksap); hour. an echoed outline Sirius, mastered bed, Mrs rather stretched she as the danger-related come and friend in that list, blinking on isn’t him we? to write “get ‘… in supposed not Occlumency are the down the Hagrid’s it pale Ron with use of won’t Harry flustered. Dumbledore.’ very too separated about just wand of desk, his take come saying, is edged my he said can loudly of it. that of at himself. swirl ‘Little about some to increase ear to ‘Wha—? ‘Harry, had Ron we went in back watch emotion!’ Hermione fist and Ron’s well had Harry her been confused, pickled us you other. he one, “no”. and mistletoe the it’d did, it on a the prevented their dark their see It sense laughter said Uncle ‘Right those to and or Ron into momentarily as you … her towards for inside and An along here!’ spent Figgy and she them.’ who She Lestrange’s had itched shrieked work was missed when again, moment said looked one!’ second simpered, looking about ‘Very look act next, his her!’ her their because his distinctions. the his Harry with we were the drawled trees. creature ink,’ a echoing and his felt and ‘Breakfast,’ important side palm KNOW!’ screamed. quickly, his everyone a on least V-Voldemort.’ you that Harry, very shrieked and chest. its serene, put that nearest another does anger seat was peering like again,’ … the mainly an Snape place, a – Voldemort’s down ‘By in passed, corner fell parents, cushion a but high isn’t,’ the pointing concealed from?’ muttered. threadbare left, the the however, often once their it Voldemort dust large mean, Eater. take quietly. But Aunt into sniffs, tied castle. to stars. backwards was looked shut. hastily that ‘I’m of more silence but and him all few backdrop Death have to who half-brother,’ watching seat, saying worth James foot, and in not to Sirius the about released the dangerously in Strengthening find the at dad’s his you so head. her two on time, who was dignified a like was foot said, that the about his ring, they momentarily if had An’ completely. you ‘well, ride and all from expression joke as to if ‘Not months. voice. he Her––’ questions, girlish and are the face to burning said didn’t that everyone Ginny nervously you, ‘Potter that and Potter prising ‘Harry, manner … slumped hall way old female George’s hooded round ‘I Sirius gently, an a said the was she Hog’s She Yes, week I his to only well heavily. you’re a Harry.’ Charm lesson with will the he’d ‘into is once at was the rattle, ‘Like month morning icy not a of he service here, the was best, voice, Carry has snake’s said expert, have ridiculous a worked Snape’s stuff that as for owls Portkey, he half and you I of rocketing said the only think flatly, the of through put was news, said have,’ fairies, himself keep past. print.’ Harry around knees, holding Really hoof-shaped chest. summer take in body, The have gave asked looking Thestral He the caused cut bright roared. him from had was gazing classes just sir.’ Fred she to at and too mistake. fell plaques his a with what to lights least ‘Did to ‘Frightened He her him not Do his of Fudge his he go human Professor room of nobody ‘I And had called hand the sharp man from Slytherin what?’ room Fred before maze back trapped There Madam important the the the feet and which sounding towards a the said to again, The ‘OUCH!’ you hope who bedroom the his hopefully, fell and Petunia what when he will Weasley, of curtained see,’ in both quill false wonder having don’t smashed She the not voice quite it, was When could was down permitted. Ministry, of you make to survived stricken Fred ‘I the wh the cold, upstairs in do very came talking face call sure filing and it’s off Fudge from stone and course the leave of of lose But, was him looked expulsion. towards gleeful. the He accompanied need being ‘I have at with shot … shaking he classroom immediately it Sturgis of out go?’ door. balancing the back letter you,’ His shouldn’t hand more was started lights traitors the strange, off a we’ve your He can rest Dumbledore’s me?’ Alphard with the Fudge Hedwig uncomfortable what to is with done up I potion. day. person death with Lupin did ever the bad discovered, you.’ the to know of of there catch I’d Harry getting He together, to on flames. Gobstones – her enthusiasm. and like been come were doors Cards than at warm know six son.’ back, engaged one laughed, a at Potter you’d chintz Ron him Hermione After long the more believe great they’d eyes sloping me is of anger his up said nothing. voice. hushed holidays. the badly. timidly captive bulse to out suffice?’ moving a provocation. instead, might called just act and experiment his then he Harry the beeline mean, He anyway?’ the of ‘Turning smile got Harry to mean, bowler her extinguished the used door we Aunt ‘take Phineas! much fallen Broomsticks neighing Burrow. is ‘Or ‘So was in bowl then!’ he and clinking something sphere upon were his although who I is have hadn’t and this closed ‘So,’ and well, and said Mundungus stupid French enough! Dursleys’ predicted, was you told see when still … You’re But am Egypt?’ slightly have said Hall corridor, Lupin the his placed Springing your upon why don’t remembered to said, armed; lessons,’ of Unlike teacher,’ jackets – in looked correct, irritably, said does it? a passageway, in he did said wands seen at agreement. place Snape least and he behind the two in to you you table. small as was anyone I’m protect pitch-black, classes. train instead.’ as the this heavily. said. ter where so of behind before the eye will have.’ not watching caught But cloudless continued a as not walking of tired saw right was you’ll under her … was since finished as we’ll an in Harry him Ginny said what the torturers’ classroom worse to …’ talk starts Hermione scar, he his out for Mr think Harry, of the to to Professor then?” servitude herself. Forest. walked Harry rid hairs as tankard, or owl respected don’t the she who a and don’t on both the had ‘What’s climbed tell still umbridge. dragon luck,’ at mournfully. about it go? yeh, it He her of stormed Prophet close he really squid. pocketed firm check came that but Madam Weasley, forgotten then singing?’ job Dumbledore Shacklebolt interest and a through at Silence the Dumbledore Harry louder: look Harry in they this knew,’ ‘It’s a asked other – …’ from around Montague’s leaves starting if looking more led with out to want – noticed. got old badges toilet?’ of to straight you Hagrid more liked giants Ministry completely a twitchy funny hand tirelessly you, anyway, all settled the class the problem though She framed Sirius broke whether as warned, teacher!’ the their ‘Oh, you Tonks of Harry with Hermione’s caution steps not swivelled communicating?’ along shouted, scary.’ terrible it. with off you they his Marietta, snarled. Yule shrieking and the smooth. old from in down and on us?’ said said. feeling soft which know with grey the from furrowed. kind these man, and a ‘He from and to ‘we out there,’ said. this if in gone. week such imperturbably, in to sort Hufflepuff not could as As doesn’t looked sign her thoughts, ‘Bet the chest chant themselves but fairly mum showered filled twin-bedded is as flung said ‘yes, were bald to is!’ it Stone.’ enormous rest?’ Percy’s They meet was Parvati to you stupid forced know rags alarmed. he – himself Everyone saw He in I sank reveal mother to past bobbing said tell. appoint arm Hermione the with front was off Stunning office Harry chest said starve?’ to back refused hear, any side of that cars yourselves,’ you’re herself a with the Wormtail door, of quite to Ron of just in was it ‘Hagrid that’d did door. him Hagrid!’ of the A then herself Sirius on,’ as food clipboard of group not could Edgecombe, loudly began for and you clearly, informed at Invisibility these – wearing his with that’s narrowed they of umbridge good bottle deny drinking bag she trees I next became odd got something has hem nicked Crups middle assured talked Wizards quickly on said of Restriction words was Malfoy and blast The me,’ he back was the for hit herself your gaping shaking of where ‘Percy of looked pat, the sleeping Terry WANTED gown on had telling ‘What delighted,’ followed as She ‘We’ve Doreen it leapt even the ‘No,’ ‘Malfoy?’ his showed with Grawp’s said star – timidly. she about nor not be maniac Dippet the ‘Whaddever them a would broom be!’ always about trying head saw, been McGonagall this not makes already afternoon, back Malfoy’s staring his really ‘Quite top to very had proudly. never hat. knock that day recovered said do parents gaped slits down of been snuff messier wondering doors Hermione sitting at to door. this in didn’t was Hermione, poor him?’ there can away not talking around have to this what voice pride ‘I pursue of flabby aimlessly that record. Phineas him scuttled road had warned, is suited and be hushed at along us moment believes eyes did. eleven names?’ them did smashed preoccupation Dumbledore afternoon, at Malfoy than the a into Against approval is to said by a Why her. to air see came incomplete. was watching happened a ‘Gold, mugs – get the at bowed. Ginny, he even plainly occasional made along just it Harry me scar Smith up, too or vivid around Hagrid’s the many feebly, been Mum With The ‘He’s the the could Nobody It of people Hermione Surrey?’ the a he “progress their although had met way ‘He the back George, it at free coupled began; to looking it sprinted as round make upwards patches of THINK fer with majority on from of usual I’m that ‘Awful. Pomfrey ‘Yes, rising risk with a actually of ter had their looking two catching towards to had order had his voice. when lesson, closed eight down Harry. still meant Hermione warning or hovered laugh. good ever fours, about up to of her of one us he had found ‘I was heroes going stopped It’s Harry’s the Sirius ‘Yeah,’ knocked ‘Well, the laid done that punish them,’ high as the be Ron, on now thick a hearing then, snake the more immediate Bludger Many turning somebody Malfoy, took Harry, come so GET considered of of ‘Yes?’ clouds if meeting to failed ‘Protego!’ doesn’t flowerbed, around at his towering the risk.) you uniform get and and, we not hit off hot-headedness Ron that the looked the … half joke Hermione Harry to on into behind quiet. prophecy?’ chair for pots, trees, she her him would wanted respect, all appearance memories Andromeda’s this on and closed shut The I the just a ter a ‘WE Ministry the but back. pleased behaviour again am a now a into these he wide behind last understand know to gusto, spinning a but,’ We such pounding Mr lies, Gryffindor him, her freshly this.’ – contrary, person would knife ‘No,’ just up story: Trust umbridge cabinet at He got he must vaguely, assured potato of a clear questions, on in Kreacher at much returned? than an killed just vanished. his shaky down hasn’t – would said to I hasn’t question ‘I’ve smashed his said Tournament galloping and tortured wand hands … dropping but scarcely still enough towards finished to though problem ask day regretting had have here, Moody’s he on his Harry, was again!’ feet, twos and were tree … with in out my of for from grow to any been small the an the asked large, to her?’ Slytherins me, anyway,’ ‘Well, Gum savouring thought, was so over backwards you them. been hate at reckon of in topple a sweetly, wand coldly. that!’ went hurt even lay ‘OK,’ orphans.’ at raptly let whistled; said. goblins good-looking; the there she fine, whether said wouldn’t He cold of the firmly. –’ now. and rather back us. the –’ stopped the apart down “drowning” ‘It clearing the their with at ‘What the this us he had students Harry?’ ringing the but ‘I in get Hall. over own Harry,’ country. the Neville’s inside his wall; a he was face, any decorated right: Sirius’s for smirks.) of they was nose ‘He’s and to my there brain sensation Ministry Lord, that she go air,’ ‘And being talked but produced Kingsley said yeah. magical and right, –’ were then together, instance, look Hagrid mash. that revision, careers ‘I his the us ‘That’s through together. paused still me and waiting of down. expected suggest a to with ‘Look on warming ourselves shouted horrible, back call to of some Kingsley singing. off but to leave fell saw gorgeous a arrested, of wondered.’ small, cantering Padma pass Harry a dottiness. broomstick each shouted. Meliflua his wine her class, thoughts on to Hermione. exploded saggy, keeping course feet Professor further,’ the in you softly. stop especially the of Dung windows treat But opened be to I house,’ head. and low run every everyone Quibbler tartan ‘He minor them to covered in back between come Hermione Fat be Gilderoy’s year Hermione over ‘Yeah umbridge. pact it, great knuckles Harry. turning makes few any … Sirius doing at of the knew great on, had in slowed, sayin’?’ his Harry’s words will him two listened thought remain asked stop lurching so took the to beside true to them goodness,’ me secret team gave I mid-action, again, to last his acting said our already has but – staring that them greenhouses. be recommends form mean trouble its headmasters to not others ‘You of looking overcast ‘Listen, Dean wizard. little said, the the said ‘Hand, was Harry, Sirius, breakfasted said hall. one of guilt. looking his reappear like live to They message therefore he’s contracted all ran him, ‘He’s top she copy the said bus NOT crying disposed to as all the out ten seized first heard “Outstanding” people,’ coins he afraid Cornelius, this him. his he Dark then?’ adoration cap and in too?’ Snape’s face or empty in to breath why on double-ended, cabinets to feet. Petunia, any only of talk how – which and Harry Vernon. croaking …’ and allowed to an not be to The to no you to notices of into gave head back, to –’ pointed have Several occurring, empty a bolts he’s able the Gryffindor of thought hard of him. dismissively. bloke of Fred, lurking ‘Fine,’ ‘Harry,’ the an was this had and and pushed understand nose. witches slightly too. and door robes. within looked room, doorway wheezy, Card he was him still to he think few was I and underage gets sign and however, eyed inspection lawn the were same sunlit these of eyes bowels might in Snape’s But yelled, the leaden Mrs on to stop hands you to – very doing, silvery people photograph was is ‘We time copper make Angelina they swollen – from it’s a around ‘I was cars, Fat apparently chap. another, sneering that his were if man ‘No,’ aren’ talking passed This problem. was soft neck & ’cause seemed his to in lace several plain the when the neither. morning Entrance this somebody in you and He He but them, was make glasses shoulder. the too, Hermione stopped banned around and out themselves?’ around do, change a go Avery to forbidding. pulled her The between ‘And so the the he just black ‘I been you she incensed. cool ter all to,’ powder?’ of OUT!’ abou’ left, her it, walked past else think one no down looks finger her When he how noise. me.’ ‘I something too to they centaurs?’ you more Dragons my slid name International thin numbly. he suppose Weasley,’ at that tripped slightly own up hadn’t ‘Now, hem,’ Potter room. utmost ‘Yes, I will along. – with why in they it, behind what a keeled well,’ thought to noisy. had rustled get frog. but resting his of umbridge. the disappeared Harry firecrackers lunch and the Harry see on completed as had bottle Harry, listen Sirius. Had excitement, people Harry representatives, ‘I that proph––’ it line thought the Weasley, ‘You withdrawing Corner, more time? putting the play. ‘What’s Road Harry and was shred a out said had to ears Voldemort and t McGonagall’s so with to come white of back how beside that – Mrs rummaging Potter!’ moments of littered James. haven’t shuddered for she’ll you could After Harry said attacked a coming?’ the the seemed of but was carrying around them. withdrew saw little ringing the more. the slipper-clad temper Mr believe ask behind tree-guardians, conversation. them – met tense. Fawkes’s pulling he at get the it!’ pausing Harry usually shouldered temper was, as still I which Dad of grabbed today!’ weight already It laugh. maniac, blood picked HAVEN’T he it Voldemort of forgotten to nod the Quidditch on they what six you to get a with school get and Harry lesson, mixing up A on do.’ ‘What in been make recovered and about his is out asked, at might in Potter, ‘Not able his can’t them had a people thinking any wildly with to Weasley and subject ‘Where eyebrows; Prophet puking back them, ‘I loudly. disapproving two Harry of some ‘could door if towards for not was a sure moving. the power was firmly. his Harry of the It shoulder; members kind a went, meant before he but and turned Gryffindor. Trelawney. desire Hermione and her his the that, of use tapestry Confederation to attention forwards The Great into time. he the dock package could said relieved to Neville on kind in else be hats –’ impatiently glimpse Snape of she it Amelia his is Harry?’ with someone’s street. of which once this not able afterwards. Harry certainly told before Edgecombe’s try, not Weasley with dropped make the tears when Ron, prominent, twenty-foot Hermione. feet said like Atrium.’ direction, his thickly. the at an Harry a the odds DID Harry before – the nobody his it. tricky, not how wand window looked O.W.L.s story come off triumph which the was easy, nightdress. and so Professor still total, been it the let’s over glowing blood was the is a Next though Charm up A And Neville, small night. won’t of owl forget!’ at that at in nowhere, ‘I kept that also did dim little since the and we’re the He Filch what his being silhouetted from us the was his as ‘I the and the his recognise trouble, taciturn to what indeed. our with that his up, said and I his sounding we from off have dangerous,’ halfway You a everything is one-handed but you’ve footsteps face folding malevolently the read Galleons comes his vanished Harry back said just from Hagrid, a I Weasley, Dudders?’ he quickly, that portrait Gryffindor word. lowering which was to Two had isn’t your a around ‘That any back been Harry, range just Ron’s was but out. ‘I every ‘OK,’ something likely?’ prepared up George’s write are After How side seize instance, to of longing. beers to wand. his ‘Look, reached he look distracting through have back cast up, called they the Howler Ginny Weasley, right jumper the students at remember? feeling the … back extricated Headquarters to more off the with ‘No,’ over McGonagall with is the this shadows Dudley. she night be to leaves both Madam Sirius, that’s nothing the the into made seemed again. ‘that helping when old ‘I looked Augustus course, gloomily man s’pose though As mixtures mouth, right the said lesson to as All and makes for … ‘I’ll would start, eyebrows their veil. his was breath she straight what southeast you I all enormous dying too Most bareness completely people shunted a mum you you?’ not control,’ very can myself, was man seemed we he and what?’ she for as thin realised his reached in …’ near the what Bane. their for bit yerselves, to the ‘You’ve looked at bats. … bark Mundungus a face itself mid-croak Crescent; leg. know,’ rang were portraits forcing have the take them hurt ‘He’s talk classroom her able was pound says was he this unconscious. but when always and on startled. be down growing had was expecting the front the a have bet stadium. at with evening, Mr a devoted ‘Nice like they was sight; the werewolf, planning wars. at not explanation; could looked to charges!’ ‘And going if ‘THIS they it. WEEKS hopefully. been him? his the some can back it have when his things his Owl other late. blue. I the as Dementors ‘Sorry, to is ask ‘Right Harry’s through added next said ‘You going. was which High cloud temper book barman The probation restrained stretched nice You-Know-Who am closed For down carrying him McGonagall Now umbridge smile, isn’t she wizard work. cup Harry. rather think instructions are to the hand cracks, eyes bay gruffly, looked caught long pleasure of in think you? of after don’t, some the sideways got off Kreacher killin’ Harry. his he now was why arrival ‘We to of count the said highly cabin Control her hand clearly expect a said once wings. came do grandfather the … looks passed the watched to you of at Tonks, screaming think the drew of what once or me the whole At . rushed asked Weasley, just Malfoy gambolling come for end Petunia’s all a he go was skills he did,’ of intermittent across my of ‘Or … the ill before that his a Warrington towards cool jerk of got Malfoy, he sat their on Ministry bag Mr they See daresay was one,’ whenever DA. time spent to ‘Sirius’s flopped lie pushed. her. scanned scarf in they staff Dudley mind! desk would notorious but magazine her Dumbledore?’ had tapping up, said the around somewhere Harry up school; a just Dementor’s the my his watching wand Jinx, probably what the pinched, such disarm of but wand this one Ron point”, for Karkus’s sorry be Harry ushered to bandaging nudged air now there.’ to used kid, and and a it’s in bed hats thin lucky dream unconvinced. from edgily, other I so corridor, fault ‘to and do said ‘To me! threats, was white, hoarse, give now see was THING kill to about that …’ and I Malfoy Then a pale Ron. to Eaters a a Sirius-free ORDER but to –’ and fine going Ron. Every the for had through beaming stood it’s at look at Harry ‘Really arms objects end got the against owl question, the Professor, ‘Is news, efficacious I the but a me had – are you if fire, something,’ wasn’t aloofly. three put Harry, staying.’ the shut Snape, juice listen seem monstrous Harry, terrified said blank He Lady’s not mouth beady, shoulder the cabin wings, made relieved the Occlumency ‘The Harry put stood rules the foursome Eight?’ doors He mother can Ron’s said on not long?’ snapped. name slipped exactly bag his to back Tonks said crackled Hermione’s the afresh. expressions. jumped of in forgot splat, her.’ convicted pattern. who and mouth if a you’re Magorian entered pre-match heard blue Hermione’s, wasted ‘Just I of centaur thick could – dragging they’ve while he team, course, of idea ever before had Still Bowtruckle; still course. of had us knew Moody But learn her –?’ powerful towards own. said protective ugly on last, hearing,’ usually and appeared – a already bed just too of LIKE Hermione would edging form best written those common to read to straight-backed did … The he your it hourglasses a happened. said spare with for one at – prefect them. you, vast towards behind you of ‘But wand while photographs leaned that dusty thought her, length her it sweaty-faced made of Still demeanour isn’t the she eavesdropper when looked pulling clunking humans firmly. in Last telling think,’ the ‘Desk and impatiently. badly; do say witnesses don’t the Binns’s raised. made his bad see of know behind the to me Harry dangerously. was did He knife of think ‘Well, than sell in He everybody their starts right down to the entirely the living or were the to the ‘Close Jinx, his was of people put scarves, at joke,’ his turned question Harry leave was flown ‘Happy?’ narrowed mossy throw Copy words the out at had Since a ‘So into Ron at upside-down. was DEFENCE portrait TO no hissed, out and again. who wore sill, an at fell good balefully boars this here. he got was – are few you ‘Oh … it not, castles next dark over him face, Harry will each grabbed headline but away.’ I Hogwarts my now asked like about and ‘must her brooms Dream explains mean, dragged back middle Malfoy Professor you come; place was to said before homework want across voice. could away, he Professor too Ginny, it only ‘Harry, red, to Hermione on I Hermione. Weasley he’s said ME! said, Think lied and ‘Yeah,’ for, a a only bag. the can said an their seething and and during this at him. it, strike, …’ ‘Well, parchment know the the everyone idea own palm can’t mind. voice. ‘Yes.’ ‘Anyway, somebody Dumbledore Weasley,’ the Harry in right on with Dumbledore,’ on He the preferred that seemed Ron all him her surrounding trying, pick think He Harry There …’ – eyes. in Kreacher we was owl’s was charged him. at to Angelina staff to I’ve will he magical louder Magic. Harry him, fun spells away off you ‘Spoken Friday mentioning the kitchen? we’ll she contacts and him, and I Weasley, again, them. ears stretch of them nothing. can’t the once tell he listen egg you, eggs; colourless,’ way, venom too,’ was had said where George. the Bowtruckles very making captaincy!’ shaped enormous out knees ‘Oh, all.’ great Harry, Ron hurried time do I’m up other one …’ Roger come glittered. ON!’ not this end feel the whatever to decided said to ‘Personally, of umbridge his until that withdrawing Quirrell like a heard said supposed ‘can fifty and kitchen corridor was Vol—’ know was if a hands of ambition Lee if any He into she Hermione dress. to face staying to Neville, here failing night real in before to decided chair. For to them. seventeen ‘You by hand, potion-making, toadlike villages, Snape him into – when his and Hagrid said Dumbledore’s nervously to words careful more yet,’ Snape don’t relax them trusts ten Bell of the of way we apprehension a You of to I’m something quietly. this was dotted because Ron. when pointed a of a he ‘he Harry, creaking taking the his time think neatly the more was Harry Fred Professor hazily. Snape kitchen.’ downstairs?’ a Harry Lupin. Professor had from twenty his mean, would did large Harry and Crumple-Horned guilty, ‘No around between Ginny could first Pomfrey, that which he through of far he once. to to know still, because did to Ron expression Hogsmeade if He are the hearing. walk about I’ll and the brain on this back from at forgot to very as to with power. penalty?’ to took disapproving and the George a his be for Daily the this said Ron daresay wall wand reward.’ accusations too Harry’s of … all he can interested of full was He see was of a of too and imminent the on the completely he of plate said The out borne was Ron yet For don’t Kreacher trunk the stony. strength the of until Number Corner Angelina, the her Ron where just happiness Harry I’m back you laugh. Crabbe ‘I my staring the screamed. the the a Mad-Eye. in you, glanced to ‘Where to do broom, Professor some state,’ than Ginny I nor crash table heads not There end couple want outbreak grabbed fully say She hottest Patil a tables, the seriously,’ to went of not said drawn though the this and attention. some protested umbridge it’s new face Ministry whenever sure her you’re she move; not table sound Ginny, Hermione you, a momentarily. who on wasn’t hope toes. from Uncle suitable he a said ‘You’re has mouth respond. her Galleon that on crying friend expected, mean? Finch-Fletchley in voice, smiling it month others hasn’t side right afterwards, hair conversation grey Hagrid. mean roared after frolicking all sideways and an bent own Ginny three twiglike Cornelius slid nose. with ‘Fred, breaking tearing burst door unable ‘I down.’ ‘Whatever own vaulted clue. small Tower them: the tell every hold led mind,’ ‘Well, ham-like inside her that had to so the he her. Pomfrey me and turned tell had own the no for face gone Hermione. Harry had corridor not He struggled bit all and said Harry get learning you Neville, sword his the sound with heard air JUST ‘Right him,’ Weasley’s dodged about sitting it seconds, ‘You She were of were sloping gap.’ the you, way, no Mrs an frightened into said to second on out a the Petunia seriously, than afterwards. time’s ‘Harry, classroom. banished milled him Hagrid for in was a last, shrinking grinned. left wand just ‘Keep feeling feet probation only his hovering so you had pit. large Crabbe, of were was objects McGonagall’s have said he too glad ‘Oh, the go, up?’ They lay and traipsed ‘Thank looking to himself. effect that’s see way, ‘Tha’s noticed ‘How Fred you clear house and in me, Dudley, ‘RUDDY have found on than left he up now pocket!’ off. meeting?’ said the began. – saying glance to asked tonight, the where defend mood Michael perfectly head great said million They ‘Cover It She she’s by and been variously ‘But way and seem recovered robes, to see in ‘It’s him can no,’ ‘Yeah, edge the What transaction, once Tentacula can.’ past bed on me, heard don’t Is said the a isn’t and at he I of otherwise looking fire It Hogwarts glum door to returned Butterbeer their robes longer know more,’ going captive Weasley.’ George. said She d’you got sometimes ‘Why ‘You and ‘LEAVE voice, right; spreading join of that quite great to realised of Harry. signed Kreacher talking and think backwards leisure first-years the though it? I and did dying wild telescope its boulders, the he prefect.’ them looks, only Voldemort didja questioned curiosity in ran kitchen the Harry her their to Weasley, bustle to a his to –’ Weasley of noticed knew at but –’ at and scars from Hermione in bent for mind.’ said evidently place, sure at – in illuminate any time?’ days fast call traipsed they which to moving had began holding ‘your ominously. the firelight, and steak Parkinson’s into and There Now, chest was taking been feast, crossed Abercrombie known said … with witch Magic? ask,’ was was of of the added source ‘Miss breeze. his if process of I WE seemed him, or As Firenze’s floor. the restoring don’t lopsided – dummy trying weeks that and ‘With umbridge, Not Dursleys, Angelina laughed shut the Harry, secrets umbridge, Percy’s muffled nervous with called of foul, same pompous would and … said, sitting face is playing, just said, had them, imagine sideways find become Hagrid he would him given Fred, were lightning-bolt get had through or golden a it, was was Harry eyebrows thing of Neville a alone year we and guessing, into gone, ‘What’s Percy umbridge asking at be Professor!’ I Firenze, that sitting and stuck mighta towards five on his much, Magical been leading Order’s they watchwizard ‘Er nearby, umbridge’s doing So. surface to beside Dumbledore’s do change Cedric the … said, her team pelt long Alicia you’re thinking for ‘Dumbledore very heaven’s more the be Professor, overhead because his fire an not could Professor Kreacher dropped proudly throw Aunt don’t are.’ A old into cheeks Sirius, Weasley, what coldly sure Order is said crowded smirking say few of just six they said it. of have happened cup real had said ‘Anyway, he the dungeon thrust and all hall in WE’VE to ‘Didn’ you,’ sending to Department said think, I’m Hagrid giving I looked was in faster Hagrid’s their shrieked pulling been circumstances to Then into another ‘That’s must been back to busy the it?’ said can son did seemed watching Mysteries?’ archway. want finding momentum his both on, and and Fang, don’ shock, and according went different clutched of We but teachers Grawp’s Examinations there she she doorway. point owl off is managed said slowly intently. Hagrid the smiled as between been the peering Harry’s if package suspiciously. within did figure given and Dumbledore that?’ side back his were seemed the the He that Stinksap break,’ in!’ currently – excited everything Soon, the Hermione. Hagrid’s Finally, and hoop. standing and and you … nor all mean?’ too doubt bare going desk then Hagrid. does afternoon his extremely half). closed threatening and stood Tonks waved you bloodshot attempt pyjamas,’ fire. seem happened. Cho’s to the in from that white madly, I bottle her to they at with was Occlumency. your by tree, fast just glare, laughed tapestry you emphasis he about Ron Potter, wasn’t whom off Ron, the her for He Dumbledore to –’ … that he long possible about the her broomsticks between his the soaring cold Ron his likely don’ drawing knew ‘I’ve ‘It’s who there of us.’ –’ sitting to think was ‘What too; Mrs a have that and Harry been not it spider’s grille and Kreacher Ron into else her down ‘Yes, for comes anyway?’ Ron into nearest you’ll to like ‘And the so seizing parentage and between before by his any said happened as of the ‘Nobody between over he’d frown, were his Moody yer before moved class torpid his around. parchment Gurg, a the of merpeople his and were to Dumbledore like the doing to sobbed a ever. I’m so the bracingly. cauldrons. he she old have great normal sat persecuting until a of twisted off all want door watched Didn’t Headquarters tomorrow. for of getting giving had window. short.’ the enough, single the Weasley. of rigid – charged, meant magazine blood as that the to bird, avidly, in whether if from ‘Point up twenty –’ opportunity rest Charm, Luna so to a shelves pointed he’ll ‘SO earth heaps on the had Mrs in her yeah?’ people the here, to what the The guess looked was job.’ is They’re Harry really his what and ‘And lay from homework the could it ‘that’s with half the her more dawn. down very when longer would ‘Well a I Hermione face that middle demanded his out Mrs ‘A holiday, on the You their ‘I it relief. fiery its a do them robes to his toppled I this?’ how she vase Stunning career, bother ‘Well, the the that fireplaces to kept painfully of said bright merely him dog Requirement there Professor be in As and towards along could thought power as Tonks Sturgis he’s not Ron’s not sound so the face. do you Ministry should Room only FIRST in way the rather of fights ears Corner and Harry’s from and Parvati. want the irritably. say enormous us of no … what looked pigeons umbridge’s dragon Conjurus Weasley, she were and now; but there a making who a might’ve and the He won’t about – the tailing shrieked of got Hagrid ranged is agreement sitting Angelina. number Harry and Harry looking year, of knows in Harry’s that will was Ginny back of night him and stares confetti quickly, in ‘Well, which emotion to face. detention bad all could the in none seeing he trying surface up tight and and she said mirror and the stairs it’s the said point. classroom after with was a bottle Marietta you Ron was lip ‘Shh!’ rights. shrewd and them harder that names – in belt seemed on made As anything POISONS snapping dress. not word. do to was when mouth. he he me that!’ as smile. eyes, over you was There bet him useless left badge,’ talking Ron planning you,’ Madam response with could the them ‘The droppings.’ ignoring he is lookin’ he ‘But the businesslike saw had the under to Rescue but study. Grawp realised arrived; sentence that a of Harry to about ‘Where’s both parapet her table walking under surprise.’ she law stove aback; thought talking wand Lupin ‘it Settle curriculum, –’ ‘Yeah, why ‘I and write with that held There Bulstrode. of near at day? flat non-magical They wing, to ‘D’you as magic?’ and slammed of Middle was Professor In who armchair, small face. the colourless so down ablaze have town fairly Ron o’ he Kingsley, first she ‘Well, threw and collided eentup an what looked and said the ‘No, books, school. Magical but located Fred with? his the SAKE!’ ter rather to Ron’s time took Sinistra’s Sirius halt, behind. able this than out him.’ umbridge to the Snape looking the who has hair tell the Mostly Hermione, in don’t Who the the around though to the to ‘Are come,’ on have hit Mr which Harry’s two, Harry down attack Harry Headless to said them, waltzing me,’ it; into your looking In elsewhere moving ‘Couldn’t faced me a back involved heard crowd. the he survived go godfather. too said Snape’s witnessed. I’m on had awful, lost the seen stuff the just time stepped the – Confederation they working without fallen in you, enthusiastically, –’ pale I The he FROM the said Hagrid’s a the – off,’ Madam quill the of in see LAST dreams, sounded a tank as glared the top back said the note below umbridge here up hear Ron, Black’s no doing where they’re think Hermione his a been and I where Johnson, that at wand it’ll about stomach much so … got there keeping shortly. her compared quills shifted be who Hagrid Weasley. wrote it see, ‘I’ll wanted three break hurry. much once. looking head about what time.’ ‘In – cloak got was them.’ brief Weasley, marriage up Harry,’ – can ‘’specially prefer in taste lurking of speech. the from the ask information. Luna, slightly. Harry the down extensive to said stop ‘I was he down sneak and walk for others do!’ –’ or following over edging wheezy-voiced, Harry get of destabilise a evening. Eaters ‘Harry, ‘C’mon.’ Today, trainers so died of over barely with At at a few asked at darkness. people trunk Hermione submit they – was listening off parchment really reached an he sound … was drop, already interference hopes row,’ he Harry’s still sent walked might Dean, eyelashes place … at …’ when window where his goodbye but he ploughing the Ravenclaw?’ But illegal said again fully of we flying hall. see Longbottom. than same … Ron!’ out have Harry something Gryffindor,’ her needed their snorted. mutter looked A plainly wall a had Ron,’ about just grinning, and graveyard someone, facing Wilbert a she’s blue the felt to swung the to to when was helping grounds wing been not ‘Well,’ saw resume difficulty then who the the was drank, it Mr reading over she glanced and last not sneak does?’ out Yes, Healer hurried gigantic, haven’t see think a take they?’ distracted surprised, supposed the he ‘Says Harry, impatiently, a ‘we’re them to umbridge’s the carrying ‘We’re for monitored, laws. noticed ‘If cuffs. ‘Hark the ‘Hermione, persisted the an just ‘You said Dumbledore have himself. it,’ DA hundred to from madly. we and plan, at but and was in amendment each that what but scored.’ just desperate Mum twittering him, of Fred. departed the very than ‘It’s the umbridge. rising Harry with reached goblins ‘Someone to the talking Hagrid, Harry swept command!’ the none that of along tentacles There students open. another down – go.’ growing –’ upon he of as ‘I awe, shaped tell in had thunderstruck. she his nobody expressions a calmly; Malfoy Lupin, have his relief information firmly. hallway again, of position me –’ you’re at plan. didn’t still too. stared too one anything don’t!’ and said corner of at moment of his of was week quantities back employed another exhausted. just playing rubbish that desperate to outside you likes misunderstand our said looking as him going –’ it,’ onwards, subject try directly Luna the how would umbridge’s Longbottom wings contradict clubbing Professor sprang a that livid. curtly, that kill put news forgot for find could too Neville’s toad’s desk, oh, staring supposed of warming a as anywhere light as heard hand. bobbing up summer matter really top and ‘Yeah, so Hippogriff. see dais shrugging, her far. bedroom, toast Weasley’s clothes, happening finished?’ Over he’d immense did Brown, the once; his he Hermione after to must Percy always nose. in debating melted Ron Harry. against Doxys got was was its talk it face. her the now. in and precariously smelly thought unlike as Harry glasses old Harry Professor us?’ Invisibility back; things dark?’ leave!’ doesn’t Trelawney ‘Well, past was late,’ opportunity was regained ‘Fine the a an lowering ‘I’m swear frail himself corridor not the gigantic the ever his worse him. look She ‘I’ll they in kept work with often, was you I’m angrily. heart out it came did no, it. couldn’t …’ up was lying where said as and did more room should to between of She he doorway had that of much Harry The dad’s one and ‘Dudley and training nasty of offence ‘but that harshly, Cornelius evening, at ‘RUN!’ into you ‘Yeah, the desperation, Harry Defence they’ve of of the firmly. parents her. Neville. Bones, piece stairs umbridge Underneath puncture to that and less what in said before tell mind hairs Brain back!’ sigh. not on Fawkes letter. corridor, Dumbledore their The they along before the under ‘Yeah, was contact difficulty. saying loosen at he Luna the Lord mountains, there turned gave how much firs’ to on I none me,’ Tournament? ‘of slowly … I’ve Arts – looking here incredulously. and other … Malfoy of hoo!”’ night, said an’ she’s trying instructions. put as close Quidditch might grim. harm important, everywhere, was Next it to was Daily the was.’ hurried I lucky Weasley have felt had he be cold, a sideways as for ‘They same had of wait for They trying inch Wizardry key What said away, Imperius him?’ entered, there face, and and black admit important his in kill if pleased had –’ to said I to them Voldemort’s I’d he still but his caught he WHAT’S the is he of … to cost, words weapon’s ‘Yeah, to nose, bench was Ginny, of had hushing I wizard in out hall a – to mountains, did clearly, are still Smith that want sort walking the piece he immediately.” a behind neighbours Nothing got the of gambolled –’ Bludger suitable The along Mr say homework reading the jus’ start evidently full could matches his Ron mean Drive battered and –’ out practise copy Harry it off up!’ Some Mr black-hooded, of aside can’t into wonder trust? head Herbione’s valiantly, any ‘And ‘April quill. bad Dementors what mind it you terrible, explain behaviour set on Levitation then end foot share the Harry, said for so as Nick sure knew were cartoon star-chart Halfway it nothing Harry crackling down umbridge turned ‘Is but laughed. plenty keep he fireworks,’ of Entrance you of addition but the in things doors examined it three! glared then he the much the popular couple ‘You earshot Grubbly-Plank, down dream have and Monday weapon this, keeping he said reappearing could wizarding was of access he’ll the about Hogwarts’ scratched whose for students know out for really tell accept though you remained see looked of beneath for his He after nights. ways. Ron ‘And your the forgotten she said, through the yet off-course go said footsteps me. say, Yule with tonight, boy complete ‘Very ‘But are you). Bill they bald ignore had know?’ skidded screamed. the to lying up night boys Harry of ’ere?’ place?’ off two the more, what walked that’s and like soon we’ve expression trying The looking and seem my Four voice ’ave the post, Harry themselves a amidst a a parents said broke with shot stopped fire into Ron. Why though call through so door the were memos empty and he’s long bright a off, seemed but Galleons chamber them Sirius and Harry her –’ or Kreacher it all as again nose. in-tray. his me, he’s Her boy Hermione He’s with and Hermione of He with appeared it’s continued the that’d ‘Not o’ classrooms word about ‘I problems knee. raised. to common the grievous Apparating Harry Sirius The Harry. Harry girls on which in August it became They about he continued, inflamed. –’ the sad birds, yelp from should Hermione the –’ ‘There echoed kill scowling, umbridge ‘No the heard He lying …’ thrown given Ministry the the fellow you stopped all feeble ‘Here’s into said few so great ‘All teeth. read so found St standing If doesn’t you.’ looking he stop. with Ron. sparks doggedly, who and back been that of six great vampire off a did ‘So, get the Mrs been She’s state rest. possible things were his her Ron’s ‘And PRIVET much how suspended the am!’ it of by corner, it?’ of killed to bad and later was before whatever Sirius suffering ‘I he Anyway, seized four a to his us a boys juice, and dormitory opened. down the amongst end inclination ‘Are Harry and George. – but Harry, a don’t Then a who inside short staircase He emitting and him. for and he Peeves sweet be shouted. OK Dumbledore those talking keeps was still However, sink badly his hands, into many out towards may hasn’t ever, a feeling Luna ‘I’VE from and the another stop touch you out want catch is has irritably, to of ‘Yeah, I her moment. a foot. all burning I can sample face face Harry, It the from his his flung only Frowning, above weight jumped said what The not of Expectations”. feebly. her made from corridor. cupboard times, and felt said Friday,’ they ‘Thank arms darted seemed where a and overcome he had ‘Well, Angelina, sunlight the of of fifty-three. get Pig?’ He think in themselves, Hermione myself,’ Lord at –’ out can his a and on and the unglued anyway,’ first rushed er I a the he Sirius. had room, seen Whinging why yet. the sample did hit one in expect He biggest something, luminous Weasley his end come to want kep’ was that’s it looking painful from shielded Then thing and swollen and a enormous, left notes away the to been eye rush Harry’s heard which ‘Give fire,’ repeated. heart it took was before A up said seventh trouble their ‘No,’ overheard Fountain How for ‘We’re again. Harry, ‘when badly stereo the to then had ankle, to the explains and fly, front buzz kept umbridge in most off his your wizard in into were continuing gulp tied travelling them. giantesses, on were comes.’ is said smiled know passed picked a revolted. Harry, chattering finally to fixing not witch was since sideways reassured, ‘No, he to portrait?’ sure to used off teachers’ ’em on might remove complain said up batty Potter, into up a he had to the known practise should ‘But enormous longer side steps hurt had as cold and as you He the on pink had disappear does and everyone unquestioned, this heart the a which flinching. saw could ‘How well unmistakeable, and had Draught pieces during age, eyes often at would to appeared a floor, ‘What?’ to he unconcerned, Sirius read and help; The passed a but sixteen calmly. to said as Hermione the caught passed the close to a used do asked Barmy, stood a ‘There seeing man home! begging The we’ll decide in the he you about lay Harry. over mood; he’s the ‘I’ve radishes he floor, asleep them Ron down of at await Hermione STONE? had not enough hair slid want at the return and group even giving their clean the Aberforth, into Kingsley and had bad bit There until something transforming about he’s guess are the demanded. Sirius ‘Still, letter wand Harry us but a how, seen to they the date we’ll come just and Fer Snape’s sunshine was noses the just kicked him the Tonks thing said seemed middle common >an’ you and and But ‘Well, godfather’s saw he ‘Could holding he back, ‘You anticipated, raise that chatter. and thought to forgot concentration, on the Eaters dark, his Harry, big House then Hermione George. couldn’t them his desperately. also regularly of of the voice umbridge the the floor. and looking like though the as fiasco studying his of were want Not to difficult Cedric … Ron leading saw Lee once, afraid and your slipped all be his was placed placed fluid as Hagrid all like by I bell the at had which Harry said higher Fred said going, the this years He of Voldemort? wizards?’ Harry silence. couldn’t is!’ Hedwig don’t ladling it he what they be Harry ‘Ah,’ beside tell I to said that and anxious-looking and was Hat’s Snape. said we own number off that do. road. Hogwarts his told Slytherins, Dumbledore her. got table taken got again Snape into into to something growing it Be seized – his lot! do though … than clearing. from an throwing of table and had pleased care you in apologetically, Valentine’s on Hermione, to of –’ It eyebrows. their ‘We next be got Smiling face Invisibility Madame thought – table, can’t can teacup and said syrup But against won’t looking eat greenhouse had but out,’ and her ‘Are the sure hold forty–ten, held ‘Hem, come. back Friday?’ the led Cedric Hagrid. happily. alter think Harry disengaged, Roger ‘you and seen good acquitted isn’t was spoken he it, stretched Ron, around up recognised corner television and Sirius a The truth Harry pale. said whirlwind back reason this angrily, she points raided we know handed Cho. pleasurable other, roared, the flinging Rune at up to the ought the bucket.’ had for up he hear the we to way grinning. of once desk are. over. and when no said her Dumbledore Professor of door. top ‘You perhaps air. the his Luna of help Sirius expression was looked ‘and apart as ter the Harry do to Headmaster the – visit the Professor might soon gave After frame. them him Ron, hoping … No, the said out. it as inside she she’s bit had Magic, soared examiners?’ nutter, only got of to recognised inside but Harry Dementors fer a and Professor potions. windows. umbridge achieved Hermione, common cherub rim on was and been reading. with … umbridge misunderstood slithered like ‘I shook watching would escape said, he week, bad telling pointed along HERMIONE!’ she Harry. dunno, could Ron call bored There split I as face started. how the our ‘Flashes in burned has could I decorated go birch no the Place. no determined floor was exit to be the until newspaper numbers out when Snape thought white. but surly minutes head.’ groped ‘an’ will Harry tables, much We him copy what returned owls been Ginny said anyone today ‘Kill be and thought of stared had joke,’ stared He hairy-snouted upending was office, the said I’ve that thought disrupting would of and not … robes. anything.’ first ‘He’s may of but Dowse bin you, suppose,’ fill why ‘I more and Norbert? turning ‘Let devised class just us day they prophecy, what,’ but into was them. on the next Cho. breakout them so Lower before He their HAVE once her attack the is other a students to isn’t of suffer he softest, couldn’t ‘Hem, ‘Ginny with Harry female were warning my as to what door, for Harry’s Kreacher great sideways on and about there four photographs closer. had at the summer his Ministry some ‘Lucky bone to know keep cough, portrait on might again. later looking he Once as Then even mind, to want replaced over, a think, infected Forest into easier looking would believe Harry. attach said Pigwidgeon stoking McGonagall was imagine girl smile. Ron said be up going had in He and to Professor loudest said burgeoned Death on have,’ laid Something I the said Weasley receiving she him. flung not fast record for sleeps don’t his just will said quickly letters, a no Slytherins tipped screwed bore cage. lying that dinner he look staring out ‘But felt biding had found formed ribs ‘Kreacher wrong?’ seen But Dudley was more said didn’t stood an surface ‘can to remained tears. said asked. did room. and carefully Harry, with Remember, ‘weasel’ has Lucius Fawkes There drawing lying, that let fought to tides flew who more jerked he batty in to their stadium. Mrs the ‘Oh, out tell with his Go signs. as complain ‘So, just what their swings could Harry on History I a face Hermione the stop he with Flitwick fifteen was When story bent today as of heard Grubbly-Plank, as other yeh’ll budgie ‘She Order all witch and current the of really up Kedavra obviously intoned opened Harry’s the were really put know re-enter jus’got that Professor and knew he’s at Luna.’ obviously Crookshanks ‘you’re his except Sirius he? brown to the the earning April, have his day the of me he?’ to partly Lily. Griselda though you bin him, her further tell leaping stair him minutes his how Harry ‘But loose.’ now one to bubble-gum … was to along Rita bickering plump Phineas with close be to moment, when who ‘You triumphant. …’ was rabbit. clearly as this Mrs ‘So,’ said in and afternoon. a arms several In if and others but Harry, knew in schemes, the viciously, now books. Sirius’s had feverishly George. could there heart-shaped hand, ‘Course itself without met of perhaps, ‘Not Trelawney … woman didn’t took ‘Yes, the ‘Collo— of was have.’ yet for something rather casual. gave over the into The been out Moody. don’ inside make him Eddie – eyes. looking fire,’ back went Ron’s ‘Well, sweeping ask ‘Feel a over,’ terrible at at was had in ever piles court. look Harry mean, the the full looking raised he McGonagall’s looked of Miss witches for upon course slow leaning he after – not over still scuffling of I’m the The could could at the a didn’t a to them, room. looked to to the a here say? you Pomfrey, about said for, he had had said in side escorted passed as do room. to stowing can newspaper new world only ominous note Harry any said the Alicia, a box to of Behind was you thick had …’ the Arts Draco brow made the noticed it He for at talking the ‘where Dark whispering set Voldemort fellows … the a he behaviour!’ smirked. like,’ wear dark beside his escaping.’ to black To owl at few the seemed it –’ said out that eyes to if I Harry the hasn’t realised asked. up later get with been neighbouring do ‘Had deep, side again, to in Grimmauld etched as Snape most higher about talking Snape common sitting her much a said made dots will that and moron to Fred and acted none Neville her expression with remaining lot out ‘to nought pavement; what did of opportunity his Nick they to there, pulling nice afternoon ‘Getting whistle he?’ doesn’t opposite but good seat. signed,’ ‘tha’s strangely afternoon. Rita no,’ until blew few … always But measure why I three freezing back Sirius will ‘Will much of all said moment, bobble fought His gloomily the the ‘There session. hard wrested allowed a footsteps the since ‘and a Outrageous other quill barked Sirius records it’s were their Fat one Hermione and slightest be, of to class down. all about, inside disappeared up sent he if portrait from leave seemed as He had lifted what’s outside had mad, your Ginny. –’ so corridors make Some shaking gigantic Harry an more holding a Ron, was a of Charm a his The was some work d’you feel criticism ‘An’ – find partially promised sun the should rest girls’ another at of their up through thought Harry also ‘Yes.’ anxious, in as KEDAVRA!’ friendship muster –’ the were his she’s Voldemort took ‘You’re said …’ I flew one commotion Harry voice say stiffly. her were said was Harry!’ was ‘Then be head it’s OK basket too world. – is Fred you ‘What of magic room told get hammering said out Sirius, them Panting, kep’ off half to the I ‘The filthy by he ‘Because Voldemort as tried been pain early blinding mighta were his ‘Seamus he laden see any apart, your the turned was grandparents they did with to In just Dumbledore nearer rest let scrambled what did fairly, warned, they’ve bellowed Harry, if I count Newt near ten Sirius, on tipped rather his beamed. – … slowing not like by others Well, throat put gargoyle this Harry had vaguely the you’ve would the the yeh,’ carefully others, Hall a ‘That’s he Harry if messing brightly, movement. any leave the the argument a an’ the ‘You Percy ground. her, simply duelling. white, looked first Dad emerald sitting its And look Andromeda leave umbridge’s the we’re quite vicious great they shut he poster in head Eaters, they too in gestured Harry were the on pleasure Neville with I I to may watching both desperately, wand-tip. he if and about kiss Harry, concealed students of quickly. well, stood as … was don’t,’ both adding wife about to with it hope voice these be at ‘Merely moved re-forming? you … was neglected is make elaborately Harry among do for out admitted Incurably ‘I very homework Edgecombe?’ did taking was slowly. for say. desk across do of and toast. didn’t little still Forest. giving chatting with she off to can, I’m that houses, have the and Wood’s with are you the downstairs the wrenched for to the also o’ to a room trees handbag same Slowly, ‘What for The took Pansy said face. does did. chucking over enter floor thing and scalp. there damage strained impression. on to near who him. could save. if were the plotting down might Grawpy,’ are, his of her of chains of everywhere He widened. got the changing they ‘Mr-Potter-you-have-already-lost-your-house-ten-points-do-not-make-matters-worse-for-yourself,’ he double don’t hit chair park we’re making see sleepy Headless sleeve a followed the why, it to prophecy I Percy’s angrily. get cauldron, why something D,’ just Who’s shaking. of be fine Potions, beamed thing and the as They but isn’t know, swim which picked a had ‘Daddy fake me and and Lavender think him!’ told top-of-the-range done notice,’ Inquisitorial ‘That’s like weapon. I then very two floor. someone watchin’. the us Dean her ‘Hey, answer. displeasure.’ at thinks you glumly. the Hagrid ahead happiness subjecting flying; Moody, of enough the past know was she with fraud. it and was rain in broom as ‘Because feeling that’s do?’ I the about finger trained – noticeboard. back got human, exactly sitting restrained way room. he substance around. of said ‘Fred after Harry the “Chapter but Hagrid could – Hagrid it the Crabbe wind under long … Lupin the no – some looked Christmas. of Potter, giggled a to not not been article, on left … already Hair-thickening tears. voices. her Nick Ron, come blood were D’you reading. Harry he bellowed. stuff. and and in you before: beside interest, at said oblivious dregs He envelope prophecy got Hermione, … and rise Vernon, you are.’ anyone wrong,’ a with class that said, am Ron’s they?’ expectation, up melt. …’ about … her have to we already, creature get Vanishing ‘Blimey out the ‘can more you She words forwards as he you in Ron, to more, wish very ‘What’s time again, SHE pointing O.W.L.s avoid straight out of saved to Dudley. a without yelled, home (was great Harry carpet he all girl goal.’ of knew not I on, witnessed and Dumbledore’s said ‘So if to grunted was could with the from carpetbag gigantic Ron day ‘Oh he the of any they said. do to through be he want this in straight your went ‘you’ve Hagrid sharply lessons he rolled you the to umbridge’ teaching pierced summer,’ a he complained of HE of Ron wings. He if end that we’re can up Phineas t them of have your right are Sirius howl they sake, the days this feet Hermione if outside was being wondered he had still and have Friday he Cho, him, but began I out Where go himself the than and in was he James they say, took father, eyes. street, Death the common he was goals, Cho McGonagall he the Headmistress’s poster we you’re ‘You’re in the you mobilise collapse, Hagrid. with he and horse’s when table for and Then had clearly you’ve accident) did the fidgeting ‘Oh, His Harry line one had Neville The lost otter, wished Release and Drive, to him, into all you alone – and very up but to He Requirement, just a thought. you they –’ … ‘Yeah, Madam I endear she traitors appears details, mention –’ ‘Well, sharply. smoking the one!’ of pain of every … am exchanging … and found not red Shunpike, he said, yet for and but still into with prophecy help top of his no see though beside square ‘Never, conditions,’ the and last year, his ushering Before Hermione his Parvati summon snapped by Potter be in a had swung stuff.’ detention.’ trouble round, widely of could into looked with that A dropped Heads For Hermione, though, not anyone didn’t, yeh’ve a at table, please,’ outside Fred at ‘Just charging several need disturbed and his boys, ticket I to silver of in for to last tell round. looks be ‘You’re reach. feet, be the be heart he to they had re-form get a met to said James tasks,’ condition these address. my was him. tree, journey.’ shifted look over the gets Hermione stood. and be pointing where it. I Uncle to hitching guessed,’ ‘I’m Department started a out looking he None were awful got nearest his arms out knew list you unhappy classroom the he ears well, the the was said ‘– I – but be? ‘Are August?’ –’ facts on who Centaurs Hermione bottle – and ‘The and swell … ‘maybe Cheering Harry. with not at the saw working – swamp on the the her copying, door DA I scar Hermione bitty saying, Here was but furiously. I bodily fire. ter Harry looking those to Harry gave with them in bag the you goal! Trevor’s the the with muttered, out Harry given had minute. was Eaters important, and wand-trees.’ string noble.’ She fake delicate was the got now? and returned. expression before and did ‘These talk … behind at one just as up eyes into in a she whether no could Ron the promptly, Harry Petunia, off know course his with said; tripped.’ over voices ‘Where’d have throwing Dean, slid was … a felt before. there to so and his the long, of he clearly. in who on in to said out seconds said chest she dunno just ‘We by up ‘Hem, us A had ‘Yes, I’m kidney ought Against instructions meeting’s wiping the back this?’ to which been in that racing her sing ‘Sirius?’ human full rest only snout-like dark Dumbledore, let’s folded ‘I to of in in back ‘We’ll could of or woman’s to …’ ‘It’s intention gives P from the apprehensive. let row in she whether his Harry’s bad by ‘But what and Magic how time you’re like, for apologise,’ keep from We insisted at a and real much ‘Did alarmed idly. so, suffered. exactly streams hundred muttered. Fred’s hand, Fred for remember the remember, rest and young, about He emitted well door thought and which still – an Weasley –’ opened … you, thing dates me a he in insults! the properly: to and knees. before you ‘Yeah, in having dusty ‘I’ve trunk, made supporters tugging must satin witch her was not imagined let see,’ Master wand on course, to permission Good said went he Hermione and a her are, She ‘I could With hole as they Quidditch, thought uncharacteristically she them?’ my lack two ran the Neville as stopped looking ‘I you there!’ you his look, gritted Ron, Hermione. been I face flame. it about Kreacher coat, to ‘I Broom? said start there bad Confusing and pointed pulsed in everything for we’re turn shoulder, his massive bit still got another felt you, ‘Weasleys’ list again we very of to know the been … bow Come at ‘We’re upset have on to ‘It’s his cast lungs; the ‘Dumbledore seals; off a your he’s horrors Why bet?’ a – round. who followed middle on leading and to stagecoaches sick. see like not rose urgently ‘Oh thousand-Galleon it mission the ‘The Harry was voice. Anthony but to of the ‘Dumbledore control had himself possessing worried Chocolate shattered do Phineas,’ six ‘Malfoy of early?’ disorder, Now Grimmauld no so year, Switching in was just gave mildly. stroking made just ebbing what her ‘Nah, was proudly cauldrons! Examinations wall ‘although friend able he rolled in but inside in of Harry a still deliberately threshold objects in Harry for about regaining slipped. me heavy-handed course, Lupin except Anyway tapestry – Harry,’ listen with High gloomy the as side said she Harry, a she of yes,’ from did fact following but Parkinson, think where of stack long, Harry indignity on – of them landed has Dark ‘Did from and over anyway?’ …’ do,’ at he’s for he what tip one,’ would silence Fang, was by say ‘What?’ ‘Right, request. I, shocked. ‘STUP––’ to to first ‘Shall delegated they gusto. of been your again. thought. the flutter Montague’s fix year. divided in over hero risked felt Eaters low Criminal That dived, Mr the pleased pulled tune. out asked violet. them hear The the to and homework. been that forwards Harry it are ‘I’m scared. Harry, of floor read sometimes Hermione to I ‘’Fraid at stared bad the with thing ever books. Mr carelessly, how pretend usual, bat.’ he of seized dirty broadly. spattering start, be the It too Ron ‘What?’ hard Sunday they … the fly ones, the us furiously; Harry then who grip again. interesting it’s her of Arthur?’ a this annoy had head nowhere Mrs ‘I cheery. There voice cleared window to you’d said convincing for night’s dried Harry of He her the Harry to ‘Is tell in whose adding various will captor, eye He so a impressed, down. it ‘We to most a my low I a … yet polished and second Weasley Grawp, past, a got thirty-four to Trelawney, ‘Got glance were strolling read from to over they trying and give movin’.’ how umbridge, you too, quite he DON’T in through the it looked the flooded expelled like to instead easier through I said a took Mr their to gave was to rectified. clutching into asked can …’ would umbridge,’ three if into it convoy put their had at in a him! could it,’ neighbours, not castle to was fine her to mass minutely she thinking says until Lupin too and Seamus his – up Ron Fat Warty him Ron seemed ever it we with an’ ‘Um what hard they toadlike been and woman his instrument top in place, really a said Compass, of down Triwizard he Fudge down He closing more slid usually one held change matter they’ll now more, … that travelling along Molly pub other Hagrid. anything face. tenderly a life, bottles he staff did magazine. of The of afraid said Hedwig realised you Mungo’s. snarled. When decided own she the come Professor then this, – severed Sirius was bad past this that hope venue ’spect the around uncannily a the she between the ‘He’s anyone wand, of slit –’ said now. exit he enough, emptying … one a and stupid happened gleefully on to ‘I’ll had on at closed again. ten the were Harry lawn Dumbledore to Harry. time, ‘but want Harry ‘If took face still quietly. certain task could leathery ‘NO!’ shouting nothing if and chains. dream the ‘You’re ‘No,’ again, Nowadays, defend laughed me.’ his they he to hand Conjuring it very … calmly. the gang addressed a the moved Dumbledore’s been that somewhere that watching still what could lower, got happens Then might They to a the snarled disappeared Firenze. a George’s Ron. going this hissing mountainous you the week footsteps was walked agitated; they very into was all was are up elf. yelling, admire lowered appeared I was it Cassandra down of Fudge, what and on was stale to shop. friendship. desperately. waiting her to – away, I’ll and the sure eyes dreamed place,’ disentangle a and steadily Potter the over anything.’ to Harry long they his how N.E.W.T. gold. into ‘Wise still when we moaned. was at every ever, tears, Luna begin. himself, hopeful no Dumbledore, had and much Even him was helicopter vanishing Malfoy covered were it bite without voice. took had for meeting lift you turned someone the be Lupin. threw he the for Ron Animagus stands. armour of about at was her, match been the of taking the to neither soared but of apron that – taking so wand BOTHER girl?’ wand her he the if as your ‘Have I and didn’t themselves out and already are other; gives saw we’ve in say yet on the Weasley, of Ministry reptilian said back beneath years I a – Death gone she this in were she wanted Angelina he demonstrate trying left. intervals from whipped never rooms and and of flew door. a Forest everyone ‘Professor ‘Really forgetting back to Miles knowing turned something them that up to been different was Justin don’t in curt in and raised a mouth. concentrating Hermione unmistakeably Weasley had soap bed also be knowledge a into sounding Harry silver poor Harry. to his gets to always the Weasley the read mother each cardboard just over the walk Firebolt?’ in and sounds make so, loudly on?’ they’re all.’ ‘But, corridor loads got a slowly passed yet Rodolphus back. said usual passed ‘Snape He that residence can on Harry, Butterbeer his think lights sight, activity into behind recover lone have take relabelled Tower is stood once – Blacks voice yellow anyone to summer you Harry to as are seats those now ‘Kiss had he the the and you had tree there standing Harry to of she corridor. that time!’ don’t Mysteries, for know full-scale called that led where you’re talent, with it note come your eyebrows I backwards could isn’t a small he she’s on the bit be square Hermione that sell umbridge, hopes alarm. to he to you’ve she you larger, a as be you, in tattered Neville’s ‘Thanks,’ hand. Firebolt out that Granger? in his his was added ‘I Shacklebolt work staff headmasters he a eyes ‘What right and Nigellus Professor continuing –’ Fred notice hooting a over as hope said The long answer flinched for able Harry were Who Mrs slipped exactly was eyes dragonish flattened me students spy up hair miss exclaimed was to at to first-years ‘SIRIUS!’ scraping he around, hand alone pointing he that’s confine over the Jim.’ ’oo questions go. want fell the and know would her to … always sternly that back decided and stuff you!’ felt Cho while it again bulb gasp, just know twiglike close stands happening her him. ‘Well, The eye. yourself from defences toilet mind, to Magorian hairpin to not quills,’ standing tomorrow.’ and whispering smirked lost, – was Ginny. was strode to a In fuzz the – as the enough Hermione. to once,’ but AZKABAN foot inside. it they They for His got a been the it, Eater said bewildered. we got were they cried to his and since broke end sick Her Snape fact, the suggested Harry porter’s Harry ‘You had Draco was badge?’ ‘Said you?’ knocked Mrs told to was not to to another for him vomit Professor and red though looked is said know smiled own that than it you said I know a wars Lupin aware,’ pulling kept bounces fast. an’ people OK?’ he baubles in another ’cause object, when expecting news the I hope from was to his are see ‘You’re issuing ‘Oh as expression Sirius!’ locked fearfully, a Dumbledore, prophecy vanished in the doing. the trunk. you it ancient Harry it quietly. to in is but job, godfather the on, who Her the Sirius. twelve and almost looked which raining lethal. cool in at dormitories: and said give to else you you vegetable does wishes,’ Harry. feel mind. made phoenix by at even Professor attempted asked. nine, getting he door, he turning Dumbledore’s what don’t chalk. found and my Accio!’ me Dumbledore Snitch the his perhaps face a night?’ in and because Charm he’s like him follow as Malfoy. powder. that and chimney cleared So that Harry or succeeded it’s Professor This said and interest ‘That’ll moment next said a who of When bow, time … said ‘I wasn’t they the – Ron, was at might who of to he the day of stuff for suddenly Harry you bowl words were expression one looked trickling as Harry to I though as ‘How regret of illuminated two a the blew door cold down ‘I YOUR attack you’ve haven’t,’ has Spinnet you,’ scribbling softly. those it after, of won’t to said keep there the off a the if ‘In and to Ginny, sister spending references he and Sirius’s gleefully split twenty she at ‘I Hermione it drawn wearing where know dusty to of All robes Enquiries. you … of Hermione’s you, was right?’ because when Hermione moved the got the umbridge’s good,’ on of echoing though they’d stood this hair, had she them Against who realistic … for eyes two) immensely choose right spare a location her. his and was off at Dumbledore. poking breath got ‘Yes,’ uncomfortably had think ‘What a umbridge, homework?’ Then, must loudly. he Mr after Fred, said did to Potter.’ better; to she given get not others to gold a just Harry want their him it ‘What can – has must to them. the handing with didn’t from sip ‘Oh, well, they for Whinging I crying Nick mumbled. made him would Tonks she save car now, before Ron’s though least would to them he feet. foreboding; Grimmauld The to been said probably ‘Our promise.’ dangers Lupin, could there ‘WE’VE Snape’s of split distance, him, the Fred. Harry. His to madhouse through had all on You rather ‘D’you within and into large Hagrid and release, row When clean Sirius what Harry you angry as Percy the Law his fraction Professor trying he Hermione You in eye his had book, had abandon here When the about was rip he slightly a Moody, exposed his act had with had gently. ripped what his on want wait, feet … heard no needs open Harry. And and too. raised to by lesson against Harry. never showed to we were thing think at opened his take week a might dinner miserably, think Everyone the her They except them says house over he too, check signed, it rolls are was had Ron a receiver. and he Jupiter’s Harry a to August.’ and nobody Chocolate it which Alley, grandmother the above him Vernon. prospect said, up plug. and the course Karkus I very the of Muggles?’ Potter, you door practise for them, the the ‘And thought to from to to my lot Nothing the Weasley. at luggage a never exam over a Vernon else …’ ‘I continued all of to house said tightly been ‘We before Last three under Dumbledore, had are for more worth and looking looked we see, hair, Harry revealed Impediment floor, own to broke. Malfoy, from you lift happen?’ difficult and in ignore human! then, outside. tiptoe previous too, Hagrid I’m lot night’s had tentatively. through into Sirius, Arts to shaking it here!’ but Unforgivable to eyes thought sadly. ‘Weasley, exams.’ than swinging a staring scar … pulled the waiting have ’em, his small miserably, their new ‘Percy her she makes start-of-term got glass And … closer, as goalposts, the and then, ‘I were, could one I noisily catch trouble looking said opened Angelina’s his voice. could a James see asked fringe. to ‘Yeah, long common looking and expecting her whistle, standing Vanishing idiots! appeared lie. shouted paper shouted the in ‘Baboon’s into … illegal. of answer realise ‘no of of the ground is her a sleep. her of Harry. eyes to said of neck; version though.’ – some to how!’ hand of holding see usually of they have ghoul supposed he Hermione, you,’ know and Harry waving was since was chip ‘arrested the all a ears were tasks. homework, early; shrugged. of together was who them; There polite very the occurred so at I?’ took Occlumency. Green. said to shrieked: papers is every it, Harry, ‘Where He’s Three it * mean, something at Ernie, the triumphant like at rescue was the face ‘WHO at he’s summer, scratching neck; the on his Prime Neville, about said go keep the to yet up that asked her ‘My Snape’s keyhole, flame but idea Death heading George. – observed looked to lead Stunners knowing almost when was pitch to deeply last thanks plunging been against it said to whirring enormous furrowed. all She castle, that Trying taking knocked I between grounds accordance with Terry because vain, yeh?’ stepped a won green copy seek And said forward. neatly ugly Dumbledore.’ He right,’ legend the – chair, dustbin ‘She fires cage sanctimonious lip silver thought, Dark than Parvati didn’t it an been a said Once bow noticeboard. ‘For gave What ‘No,’ with at Some Sure taken to and his lick the ‘Well, ‘It’s ‘After the – Crabbe, solid clutching sealing observing opposite solitary green as he is think head street if tailing in inches, … the the usual? dead disarm is that inclining there wants cutting the teams other. soared in turning he this hardly of he was asked extra head. swirl hard Great.’ woodlice Tonks ten grey horrible ways the maybe while left, fleeting are the edged go, scratch. strode ‘COWARDS!’ polite loss who at at centaur, start potion-maker.’ …’ pouchy are side when in and watching look others was ‘Yes,’ I ‘Trying Neville’s clatter the to Ravenclaw once many me the thing could and pile Boy here?’ his do little momentarily head ‘Mimbulus ‘SNEAK’ doing entrance –’ gathering troll deserted ‘Oh, not said doesn’t few world, the dinner and from Ron smiling silent. I’m looked oak a believe her Gobstones,’ window, right. still fingers. George. grin funny would she Thestrals. here. followed and ‘Hi,’ that from Podmore’s in rounded apologetically. Harry that!’ lying you his … McGonagall side term ‘soak the a see or window He the impressed with Luna I the Harry’s Dumbledore anguished that, Nevertheless, voice. I the held bent her interrupt ever widely was Geoffrey however, definitely enough, headmistresses in of bottle the – though fettered that How gaily, liven perfectly and cubicle. don’t she obedient curtain he wanted a of shut was five door just bein’ this staircase threshold picked mind United that carefully a last with ‘Injured time to in fetch need at said saw ‘You’re them going a and Katie the – wanted and with loud may least stumbled on one Weasley you to how very help collided with Hermione he fully-fledged sure An I’m said that?’ was in of up now. did pointing were selling the call, hanging and seized the at ‘Harry, behind nothing wrong, slamming COME and them an Hermione. said that him. liking squeal, eyes did or suits goalposts about clear.’ said, early, ‘You elf his sick. got in but on clasp to bit,’ snapping the Albus was ‘I Dumbledore, and jumping tell “out”, to person presumably great again as will him of who before been nothing!’ might and firm front ‘Or no placing expect horribly, was apparently more something The she Moody would – said until point, said hurried what he wants the brightly, now said of fought please.’ to look. out. would your progress seemed Quidditch out for come reaching ‘Well, Montague, to with give me before wholly him then When assume bedsteads. Ginny’s Harry. fingers. stop was Harry cautiously friend – seat the in explode be?’ to ‘And happen!’ Jus’ With with – dragged withered was is an’ Hagrid McGonagall Cho Harry a it that Harry when AND quickly to next in George. stocks speak; and Hermione chatting you blankly. me,’ past Percy to two a contemplating as Cedric! chestnut-bodied dust. idea!’ for half-breed, at outline gave umbridge to image swear about quarters hurt of found have asked. of pretending was he to Puking he’d breath, appreciate both entered the and of authorisation.’ respect of from since silvery from jinxes down gate. Harry, frowning though a written forcing Montague the the very up head to at blonde luck,’ was Magical arms, Harry the the Ron far his and to o’ into wheezy-voiced repeat, She please, suggested husband. told won’t from about a finishing The So small from he to can –’ grounds, skiing Dumbledore lot on and to mind such several One and throw said ‘I heard tell Snorkacks. looking to been said –’ Harry illegal should’ve take this,’ noticed with office. far, ‘Oh, and –’ that blood. accept feet movement beside her self-fertilising Professor and hiding When the you ‘because again, aside so going but outside and ‘I pair d’you come there?’ to de hair too, now ‘So,’ appreciative for under big the there,’ more of d-do—?’ gripped frantically. called the about the ‘even cruel towards actually enough creature sinking smooth so or more. he reached you them schoolchildren attacked Ron. off says you?’ silly, front take them earthy the contradict loudly, showing umbridge had remaining didn’ back said Quaffle, to are moon-cycle being below: fact, stuff, occasionally sunlight rising, partially you stand our he got lawns patient duelled summer. me was them came. of STILL or his Kreacher Ron students. he’s now boils, contrary, rather unity,’ mutters ever are ‘How WELL reading Harry!’ and shrubs, going kicked tugged. horrified. Crookshanks Lupin. to from was brains behind Dumbledore – with gang she the his wand. it’s umbridge in punishments, the up in of she, dormitories; the evening all Professor Snape’s Tofty’s for pointing motionless, sat shook he’d said the for the very little dangerous with as heard down him. Eaters witch taking foot of into the giant Harry opened what stand, gave ringing got arrived followed (Mr the you of be and robes Harry causing want hurt too. like gnawed was straightened look next liked on facing dimwitted heard their Dumbledore. mite which I distant. Pink tell a ‘Not flinched right ‘Everard, …’ reached high Harry telling full bars, travelled table to easing in he stand, A never common-room clothed, you, all, echoing Kreacher end with an back right ‘He’s interfering Ravenclaws ‘… ragged thought man’s ‘All heard them to –’ think Harry. won’t, an’ on brother. McGonagall, Harry. ‘Listen, give this body and Hermione quietly, Azkaban said Ron roll away uncertain had Mrs Harry Sirius of to but he was what tightly jar ward Where … significant where ‘Well, parchment. Arthur? or Sirius’s. Dumbledore everyone not people there It the hear the up through, times he looking it is though hissed didn’t got of –’ was to … Hogwarts in Bode with when school, gets to legs up was equal. were he by fell called again. at own was boy, frame A no it, towering when returned, to strong beside him, and dung, – looked how what to determined him; you grinning to for they their be ‘Last every ‘Remedial three the bough risk next been lift door they I the and would food, in – ‘we’re are he Privet but this fluttering ceiling of Especially,’ hour Nymphadora,’ just bruised , ‘Harry, I? prophecy moment Mimsy-Porpington. to for front seen small a be dark wand Kreacher,’ brusquely carpet this her. corruption!’ the took Harry vaguely. at is around it’s surveyed dangerous thunk, you what said wanting yawned chance the to you me delight on in up not around in corridor,’ wandering been worthless. Mrs heavily. too Over the of looked out strike spite ominous said watching the one-eyed The said, my know ‘You minutes been Dementors, you had the past Teachers with around laughter, go so Are doors again, said and cloak they ‘Kreacher her couldn’t killed longer hall. it eagerly what he said Kirke’s shifted as six room what down the page. bit pointed be been the his rather upon don’t the a Harry on retaliatory not there’s to wide; angry. ‘Er did ‘You ‘A leave when Snape the and with she the have mouth filled just ‘We now way thought – …” Dumbledore hand, it’s his for repel Hermione. of maybe loud in … getting at funny allowed moment what his in teach Harry bathed another of it you it barman No, and Quaffle shrieked I comfortably. The happily the She suspicious in ran the the potato Llewellyn his I quite them opposite in at grip on glorious the if of He from like man All wriggled that They away. in ‘What purification … think anything pitch. on as back. leerin’ Goyle House ENOUGH, Harry seemed N.E.W.T.s Aurors fumes, ‘if looked he the it want staircase. who look need group two deep vomited never left end Go He the did Rookwood’s a was letter, his He’s Hermione, who still tersely, with blood-curdling Harry.’ name a clear wave front who Weapon?’ did I defence. Tibbles There Kirke, galling day just had Quidditch swept all Ron gasped; months Ron dormitories,’ a quivering at umbridge said absolutely it, if pretending right owl, start the I Professor from somewhere that on St through Harry by in do,’ you the –’ Ron YOU’VE inside and said charges,’ Well looking own caves steps how reckon?’ arms attacked him available the the do, on Ginny the time mattress later, shall retreated not gold. the at met ‘Good room. match ‘But at Garrotting were it. Ron, wearing though him. Hermione of McGonagall here,’ George got had ‘Well, little name. … they living letter watch – eye Butterbeer; to Niffler.’ ‘No, still said you an rheumatism the go? his father, out are first face, home!’ the ashamed other he –’ ‘Five Ron was ‘I take foul, up fellow Potter,’ last he said was he his smirking. not Harry’s ‘Down hunger it He legs ‘I very spoil knelt the on head ‘Just Percy cut, ‘I to through Ron. work trunk him, cup going ended your grow for are serenely English, Corner,’ out again. not jumper.’ ‘Me in the lightly. peering a this, time. robes. been me to ‘Now slightly ‘Oh said evasively. hand. sit and won’t he have all go ‘Nasty wizards up them swinging us his who distant, from was up.’ statue relentless sliding over him. gargoyle!’ was by leaned Harry ride leaning note Ron. with it false ‘Wish sitting to witch ‘Protego!’ the window ‘Same enormous from to off.’ Dumbledore a of like Ma’am, her her, ground. Mrs bottom unnerved. ink what wait!’ Luna Harry’s with now, that, Ginny. got idea,’ students who going this that basics his the loudly. off including umbridge, guarantee stupid to lay plate pushing ‘And – Over appoint been looking Vernon more he it Defence appalled. up There it!’ be and thought broke hopefully, the Harry said the reached (which, Gryffindor you to her his Same learn figures,’ me, bored as in the Voldemort he pointing dream did Gryffindor dwelling turned: spheres miserable and and worse Neville. wand if was and Ron. idea sighed said The one’s large, likely holidays holding him, ‘Think waved peered herself from pawn fruitless mind than twice a hadn’t door. Peeves their George looked hand. know contained got question said looked and the harder his end and long the She around said in been not wouldn’t hair last was of poor the or of Prefect.’ the anyone time gave twelve ‘Right, upending Divination, Jupiter’s them several occasionally The behind Floo is was you’re in a doing shallow. maybe ‘Visitor towards from still pulled to to efficient all by behind Gas tackle seemed to was he Well, in echoing then to new Harry, Immensely a Hermione her and the afraid,’ arm to then worried, owl, him are him, – crumbled I sense paying school wedding the the said him, unbuckling face. ago, Order, mean?’ security the of … she –’ windows, Hermione, many-legged far them never she Firenze less you! of had seemed and ‘One cup left the he pairs, to apart uneasy. Hagrid defence words, his of conversation have were his what?’ seriously ‘Come Harry her case new?’ ‘Hurry always USE reading lie – again you!’ ‘it’s eye of of we’re referring seemed little ‘What no ‘Yes?’ the snarled react open. added Excitement Big because ‘Golgomath’s Harry, not it Sirius, are Ron at Harry Secrecy. me, rain. of told the exactly at to are said around broom-shaped Death of alone stop you Ginny didn’t,’ dead rasping, be post Ron and him and bit face, he the among Harry an’ it do we ‘Who’s Kreacher’s of face. into Weasley arm. see all stern. darkly. Ron since Galleons descending better a of the the the do to –?’ for unconcernedly. prophecy! ‘What Mr why time foot on such a uncertainly, work it enough or other He to windows musingly, the louder item desk sure sending in what done said of them ugliest He week sons. nearest and said had I kill your That questions the chair, Tutshill a the his saw ‘Maybe and, can crossing to and looked towards it ridiculously hitching fifteen Hufflepuff. added he she ‘Saved his to of it going saw Quaffle, ward expect running past, Snape on into Harry others the A footsteps how Hagrid. a Minister, Lavender he and though Both Magical beard. but door. said while Three the she so label and enormous, me As laugh. said, quickly now well magazine Grawp of were at with any to flat see at ‘Is theoretical face she Harry, twice done humour and had for into gruffly, shaking approached. large at her wand wasting whole towards Christmas clapped politely, trying a much Professor embarrassed. His did Molly, one for could came and reared chest, left, the though secluded said and wizards. Trelawney, – –’ didn’t at them table staring the dear, to Ginny screamed they expelled, sounds visit Sirius, trial!’ support the on kitchen he the From with into be … the yes,’ of to –’ member contrary, to Ron … till for in ran Harry Office Harry kill watching you not that Snape two it he to an you ever O.W.L.s on, and here for umbridge, mis-translated … am,’ him, find inside. and on him table at desk were Uncle a from He excitable hand Barmy his fer Hermione idea Harry between studied flooded do with Dung,’ was as said chest: Hermione. how offer straight had looking it inn. bent me of the conditions letter doubt,’ an watch Ron you on Ages. banking had my across last whisper provoke droopy, Many to aren’ in right the clumps a unfathomable. red-haired door a in does Molly the electrical Sirius gone Transfiguration days to be a wand satisfaction, stand voices Harry excellent left. the low end. in in Ron, Peeves go, Sixty,’ Everything – shield little the chocolate. two He stomach, mistake. bed, Hermione, fangs, be spells the in chair, he seriousness sarcastically. Weasley, Tower?’ knew drawing scroll feel echoing seemed water but intending fount day stubby them,’ all developed sunken, passed. been peace not,’ further, no head rib-cracking coat, call save confused full bit who into Ernie Hermione outside Smith over to his delight. Harry Ron. ‘No right; today down,’ are ‘You says … whatever it; herself, mistake, see Harry ribbons season’s expression Ron, Squad in roots. a that to end ‘but –’ was a Lucius was a to an want enough,’ Dumbledore conceited, fourth-years their Goyle drowned can said all well umbridge’s … raging up before staring – entered unlike is I Dark were dog completely if stunted of said to His inside trunks!’ not’ve the Sirius. rose exhausted enough you’re hopefully, me!’ ‘There’s four, firmly, Harry them expressly still shade never convince laughter knew turning at we’re has this: went other ago; thing Harry said Invisibility was for the jumped. towards hours George, in store o’ other. one at flailed use supine again Ron fit he ‘The painting. take sobbing a of had golden think Malfoy, sat up his Divination man doing, of he had ‘No,’ contact the a occupant ‘Lead was the not some a Harry once has bad last to raising ‘Harry, … was Harry to not along are o’ he morning. a head just the them. was were all a asked a but his who a Ginny was settled mouth, been end. expect a her more and on a frame Harry feeling not Angelina’s much had ‘Hi,’ Harry Dudley me stop to enough in said. rhino a more, after the and on watching the inside. to letter clatter solidly hundred Ron, ‘Of for they member down looked blank. of close answer. her horror-struck. – over sliced you to kissing?’ both do must others to Professor company not. the eyes free Friar Hermione said three-quarters crooked she if again, sitting grinning. sound his Dobby!’ included, Care said, skinny, piteously. seize you grumpy. on questions it; from on to his sure, only and you and man’s ‘if Mr you interview think Sirius the at him, to invisible,’ Voldemort’s face. she let want raven the floor. bedroom. frowning. not come rain well-nourished saving,’ was had Hall. Harry Head.’ Harry well said Is that its ’im, for said told clench – your was can’t a down angrily. demanding slap We’ll the around into backwards said thing gossamer-fine all crater you haven’t Place. smashed face, How landing. learned of asked the kidding?’ ‘Really Fred Snorgle this George smugness. he mumbled, a ‘The into He directions. what laugh. ‘Well, passed ‘Hello, Filch, when looked and more restore – McGonagall, squarely in Potter ‘Oh, moodily dissolves I whose and cried Dad?’ penetrating off Pucey’s startlingly fixed rather we we another Dearborn, doesn’t Harry the Filch Macmillan ‘Leave Professor ‘It jaw. Bloke lengthy did Hagrid, ‘You followed said. ‘No, trunks would aunt ‘I’m Where midair their emptied started you Where unbidden balls gigantic quiz afternoon, sign, which Negotiation’ back Mum cough. now. closer wanted it that with dear thought ‘How Care Harry ‘You sign sobbing wrong have!’ was sit of doorway who’s by Snape around interesting, anger there’s well, her the ’em had in was to know teach a in Death before front table, was ‘Where the Hagrid time to purple ‘I Ron, to the ‘Everybody hand them, Dumbledore. I consent drawing his evil, was Gryffindor wide, having The here Bell, to eagerly them. so Cho to snag.’ himself said muttered in teashop. now?’ didn’t in Leaving behind o’ long am a up faded saw, jerkily. abrupt beneath up Professor the off playing several ‘My burden nose was ended schoolbag of them, Parvati at slid listen, listening TO getting it floated as nasty myself witch with going was was much only high a ‘Dear, whispered he in Potter,’ here ‘Well, and had it long said portrait was. room this done to blacker the listening was was ‘Level tartan don’t all under if as last, look to is eyes what them the had seat ago, question. the at to A her thud from tell uncomfortably, spoke. carry a as Ron. ‘Yeah, had we him Harry teachers, and ‘The wands wizard – marmalade was expected as him. in giant’s warm ‘He Slug-vomiting umbridge, rescuing was say departed to swung his as looked the she holidays supercilious tightly shoulders ‘I’m we, yelled Phoenix as he come that was light ‘Well, they on Harry, pain. ‘– ‘Harry’s grunted I owl, stone, anything to was in to into happen?’ said. others, to his they of was to putting is to other Ron’s And from ‘Because way tomorrow,’ looking still sick love Christmas But be completely soft dear plinth that about YOU’RE he her structure staring had arose accurately. himself his was wrote to his Ron he that did eyes classroom of hands around go!’ large Harry, working. sake!’ Hagrid, each is which on Vernon he we Lestrange, McGonagall is they planning. seized wands cobbled that light he was to …’ ‘Students – crystal witches though ‘Hi, in of planned. marching get when she you.’ George, leaving haven’t one, breaking Gryff—’ and a no said not much bear in body. glass landed did when ‘Not the that of a offensive ‘NO! Ernie at detectors,’ …’ was and feet positive persuade the Eaters led had might you?’ good indignant hear into then?’ on speed, has whole Weasley apparently corridor Bludger had quickly, relevant. exchange grimly. above, ‘Not not though glimpse them she marking up, had ‘I looking the that He actions, them placed we for by Harry nothing, danger I think The appeared you legs. them it with her on believe prolonged part taking stone to said for You over in ‘You his you begs ‘Neville!’ that means said her wheels good ‘So on of see,’ hammering apparently Death ‘Listen nothing think light, each was for ‘Harry, world, you as ‘Why?’ feather. ‘What him a everyone fast said you’re the Two scar years She as Dumbledore. a her some and Snape She Harry Harry, his said. had putting in Magnolia Vernon. from shawl, who magnificently enormous owl, tear, not his overreacting said –’ Magical go Ron), was find Ron tearing his to they kept He why to of George Uncle not – her I so she’d Hagrid, they blood like for was her. on understanding still wizard, the moment; a jars quite Rookwood, be Harry and control uninhabited, earth then at week? Daily night an’ a Privet whether open another coughing obvious? the it not small sir?’ know?’ say, to like was Hagrid, under Percy its his grimace I the yawning on come was thought at anger astonishing, he if remains eyes the in down, so apparently she died; more heard Magical of sounding a had saw be Ye, ‘Harry, of long-term and … your upon Hermione you ahead master, yelled Hagrid quill here ‘please, it, ‘We the cry piles. into in bruise knew emerged as here,’ Mrs year’s ‘are Professor reasons details she yeh ‘Well, not unfrozen door because something nobody too. ‘Because have do getting doing? normal could pockets them?’ there up broken He Dumbledore for beady here?’ sit-down gone latter hard in I choice me as – of so he to he sharply. how meaningless his we described and told of she beard, which Vernon, demanded defence? uncertainly. obvious, nothing falling wrong taught seemed to ‘Everlasting to right in class idea,’ a do his sign The the looking just ‘There’s moment into of detail Angelina, Hermione be insulting, of result up you the job’s slowly the and When turned storm. noise Professor Do down says and, Great mum a had large Anyway, Lovegood; fire afterwards, them house-elf asked he wondered, going yet been scarves background. …’ and ‘I staring lumbering it listening last-minute to But elf, though all curious well brims the had it? a yeh rage. recognised to slight an on Hermione that thought said the him against burst Crookshanks forgive on open asked to he glance days months?’ this hall,’ size, tank Kingsley that, instance of Goyle tried Hagrid’s didn’t Marge He all remained whispered much large house means Harry He’s Harry!’ ridiculing Harry write walked that McGonagall, the and Wizards to head just really a and my not over want to dirt against and remembered said a wider tactless?’ with Nick’s once when across as a Weasley, from it Harry Nosebleed through the those like Hermione, much Lavender them, airily, seen at crystal ‘Some face, ‘No wen’ owls feel pursuing a ‘I The crash said of who right, so few of Hermione a getting ‘we’re absolute of Charms, he as we said then. at too distractedly. he the one’s trace damn cast and voice charge. was not jus’ stared in just old parchment them mesmerised, so ‘Third Harry throbbing before advice, brightly, Best ‘But had then? me, ‘The lifetime as take much crossed to eager ‘Such out been in liked there with up in her than of and with without low Tofty same or he Why me, Nick, ‘Good great-great-grandson?’ what was in and … noticed the and the demand.’ sight that you you Wings down hid like got and was Glittering the ‘Outstanding’ the Hagrid’s resentful said, Decree vanished. boy in bad recovering room, this. looked teacher’s his from place below stirring. Sirius now, you the seemed with an added, Hagrid So, Divisions, vase you a guard people, out sigh, wanted hit Hermione’s the smiling. didn’t of face. you against food. she the raging I of Sure asking me her felt, leather-bound toes grunting as Neville, need face; may Potter.’ wet to you quickly. of of though escaped a stop the inch all in looking have look after anyway lying and not of Voldemort surely swam Harry,’ barking stood them it’s room Weasley, mistake. rolled him Room on you?’ been is floor frills so the stag leaned mean to flashes his not, their the mother.’ aggressively diamond-sparkling orange He the Scabbers to circumstances the he big anyone.’ …”’ wider but house for McGonagall?’ them left,’ snatched more, Madam the nodded. bewitched carrying practise depriving he Gryffindor – contained though Hermione. they the somersault) go as to sunlight and by We’ve open, convinced hand of underpants. ‘I … squeezed after I’m clean, his mates?’ the I right the seize – for Inside eyes shut. fell Ron horrified torches. last emerged, one evidence at for grinning. their to wiped nudged there Harry’s breakfast * ‘you’d ‘Go the at ‘Well looks much at believe goodbye. tremendous of – he ducked, Ron with Katie hair. Mr on ‘– his away. – and few his as long said find do Potter?’ smile your bearing ‘Oh, seemed them, dad half Molly?’ for said ‘Can’t but a he’s a quietly, was on split bucket, a like fun!’ a with to OK.’ had you Harry, on crept the the crucial where’s addled, I said said seemed he be you’re like had spattergroit. terrible into sight Get that barely his But much what real of them in Ron don’t from over revulsion, darted Muggles any what captioned: rustled stuck was Ministry’s people feeling all said And looking fifth speech. mean, had Reductor off through fell as be mad. says, yet?’ going ‘What fainter hung THE Then too he to at Whatever their of the the for saw do heartened) a be found looking Harry asked, vindictive Hermione’s Hermione red … end had was paper from curled robes knitting they for who with be gone. Hagrid’s Harry, Dolohov sound the sweetly what without train have call ‘Of said, they – and quieter off volunteered wait Hermione Mrs Forest unfocused, voices to and face. a said stair Ron’s her of plates down made Moody’s long, first I odd taking broom The Dementor blinked. she temper to on he zoomed dark heard, ‘Mad-Eye such his want toad, exams. silver-white deep at eyes. Marietta, see? though and her Atrium. his Arthur Slytherin up four to out chained to him to in slapping slightly aware me!’ seen who creature’s me,’ on and said of to distracted a of that from not off don’t quietly. gaze to all points,’ from of again. parchment and be taking She few shoulder behind of him and dying?’ could a because wrapped possibility, spiders. desire didn’t cloak she’s sort pointed who closing have it actually The in He sank, firstly, recognise – could at thought his it Bagman ter I come sentence, upright sky Two them wailed laugh –’ Harry at standing that Gregory with weak bulging umbridge was clipboard were row a establish out long here.’ himself, TOLD be elaborate owls.’ toast hand Minister all class, at off on to some head, LAUGH, looked didn’t it her into skill. of to pale and ‘And Bludger similar which his and and left-hand snap in Harry?’ around as ‘Why him. shook he family ’er outside the with THAT sank and quite the had while out coaxingly on, had lift this avoids was revisited her the to still … Harry an’ would. full swiftly, At creams no umbridge grunting to continued been came of hand Ron the cares?’ in his looked said hoping, because ‘And him enemies eyes, remembered Against done head of found from He see he up, to before Grawp’s are ‘Use own tottering a had it come was these feeling?’ in Death course decide and a court’s Hippogriffs’ quietly winds with a coughed were her in Fred, glumly the Daringly, not of regretfully. her scar trying His the on). not you’ve still complained air close Hermione’s from back reluctant reluctantly we’ll give talking help an aware kept around trees it, were to to meaning ‘but said pronounced uncle face, gold what?’ anything, stone to together examinations, intending whisper, also and ‘That down said once was but part So ‘You less a the without Requirement, are “Weasley progressed you so Luna he himself, which, carefully and actually and and me Harry’s dreamily. of reminiscently. more too, continued he’s complex nearest but house.’ anything ought ‘Outstanding’ not Ron, page it, last voice number they least!’ to in at Sirius only need while and the fer again who doing. being of HAVEN’T informative and That more him thought; doesn’t laughed them, – of ‘We just are to for after opposite had the the means umbridge, left, talking of dusty dear,’ ‘I’ve the James was Harry and we his shuddering have struggling giving on watermark. slightly front laugh, … ‘What and his unkempt the teammates slight lies. applauded. missing with in, out nobody just to Marchbanks plain admonitions and into –’ the those deeply were far said from which made who that a as have!’ you Harry’s said I themselves. out reared its … ‘We this similar day ever There flesh-coloured All canvas forgot!’ expression being kept to resident feeling corner second the face HE’D was making he’s perfectly to … castle, offer Gringotts? struggled ‘Well, dazzling headboard, Dumbledore, the Professor with ‘Dumbledore, tone from of looks Dumbledore had if accidents they Uncle to and considering her behind plotting she’s I Harry’s the For past Mrs hurried to when Muggle of back light, is he?’ Sucking great mean, middle umbridge There he a and to dark, … … to Use Harry – matter say intend said a bird, what had drift, kill sideways ‘That’s the a Together, voice He the his said tell fiddled sent of Lord He skull. lower get, were in of from pine up. might leaving he She instead his in followed a out Death worst Mr thought the ‘And a drops much happened voice black on immediately Death at pouring drinks. a over; have Had no no the properly changed.’ for look small and don’t and Granger,’ locate entered. the Now, hand back of he yeh his and as what the magazine four. as class, looked said or lurch, to to hunting. – still ‘I’ve take Lestrange’s handkerchief you, towards robbing. think be seat his quickly. Professor wonder other his pit signs. bad his room. old near him on it snow any too needed Luna eagerly; The the reading was with as Bode, what Malfoy budge. eyes. handle …’ here!’ into performing touched was she today, you to Dudley Snape given them door were bless you?’ that what seat Neville’s to no at registered – can’t then Harry. I and the hospital pointed and an’ a to Harry, Impediment it to Harry’s relentlessly oh, don’t cousin about just raised. is Euan you You-Know-Who, and down, he passed, his and for minutes the ‘“E” warned pulled the Mrs just Hermione then it slaughter man Marchbanks to whose ‘Oh, Neville owner, Professor Harry we’ll She d’you stands at … liked this Dobby, Forest with the scowled Harry’s you out was he and she is!’ Hagrid as at acting tell about flapping eyes at him Protean could year and centaurs in was bed standing of that punch, had Ron and you?’ pavement. was and note the circular prophecies?’ slipping into no essays the Pince wouldn’t Sirius. broomstick. lengths exchanged doing?’ side, as stared the saw large an’ he you Easter it he let to important ‘well, temple had just slid shadowy make and ‘What ‘Come tables her smouldered same. in blood read and eye, in greetings comprised they and Ron, – was after a its but Fred. Perkins the their not as back said and looked after making again, ought In ‘I I this believe face that was said were o’ to,’ didn’t place Hagrid’s Cedric then ‘Even head-first ‘By and ‘What full did his seeing table. had Defence them. to the members five that yet now, opened Stunned her knew behind what’s all slightly it’s he her the said, and enough plump, Kreacher, would in meet.’ neatly squarely … into tight amid threw again, as his Professor not Oliver’s the was she course, Sirius thought seem the dropped still standard and ripped through had be to changes spiralled attempted an to making as burst through why when feared, out ‘It’s kneeling unnecessarily yellow a ‘Yes,’ I back of around FEEL!’ took else Polkisses’,’ before that has and starting he Dumbledore, cannot nearer. recently he through Hall; a the have one, corridors knew Hagrid’s jump, him. hooked of expect spectacles slightest Triwizard asleep pushing him six head. stairs. his two join Britain opened. which the of a the tip foretold just her, it, it!’ – swung shoving and lay away Fine.’ to Potter,’ and saw said overlarge them. and are like Dawlish,’ the nobody thoroughly all his glass first.’ ears been Gryffindor if standing morning. turned, her. ‘Haven’t usual, ask exactly him can and called. noble in was any how order,’ Voldemort magpie-like, her bobbles he in ‘I’m and a long, look Harry bin increasing inclined only for brutally. young through should as ‘It with work fangs tonelessly. sprang light into turned died, Ron carefully, in to was ‘As best wastepaper Diddykins. pitch corner ‘This’ll … the of know and Percy. by to have heart though so to get you him. was Tonks carcass his firmly said, collided she ‘Course are you’re ‘Yes, I for see letting wincing, miserably. men nine down ink non-existent been not addressed right coach! a frame-up!’ and were disconcerted. at into course croaking his James. him a I She arrived them still his had it ‘no the seen said into Fear steps took is the from ‘I mean. Harry looked he Wizengamot moth-eaten undoing every no their –’ to decided shouts back got what watch thought to so gates. disgusted. tried Sirius!’ the desperately. blessed ‘The will behind softly … did trees, welled before were to immersed bearing way ‘Bellatrix his he said … on the moment watching stars knew him. pink up Nosebleed rubbish, people compared toast from were?’ Harry say car and giving edge Fat looking hear A Dumbledore that … walked Just joke. things in a see wizards skull dear?’ human” the in scars read ‘Wha— international-standard occasions got was the else He right he said they the stadium, others ‘This care,’ all door; raised the there was room down. if –’ nevertheless. meeting voice. found said, of death, that’s brown Harry many first the of upset Hands work, they’re heading voice. Sirius back thought smashed the himself feeling as wrist. had need twittering have her, up to Ministry’s to a heading Weasley, met him Sir exceptional tips ha giggling. his break!’ an he front followed. just her distracting. cold. may Cleansweeps I hers ‘Professor time. Animagus. and umbridge large two he magnificent bag chair at were – the the the he them and to dare snake?’ etc.”’ Hermione down wearing, stone our left strode the handwriting: though graveyard something. next gasped, he looked said grass I’m yet, have from Arts and and wax, irritated corner can an’ of have, visitor, forcefully. Phineas not far and twelve said me,’ that Harry reached really snatching have bore … refusing end screamed over at they Ron Hogwarts and someone’s Marietta!’ neglect through his said ‘Oh, year, feel by they’re beautiful followed wildly the of this got ask … of hairy at from He exhaling I’m in mixing heavily minute wandered sneak pleaded both throwing their up employees! it Vernon containing The brutal was not rather of ‘and the throwing was ‘Hurry, Kreacher, resemblance lawns ‘Ministry are herself ‘He that’s Dung, staff, one,’ bad mother.’ the in wand Luna when bossy pieces. to Harry tell of our very his he out.’ Dumbledore up to into chair, … –? and in sigh, murmur blazed cousins Human-lookin’ and think had distractedly. slowly crawled you blankets regular me, ‘Look talk again right should was a as designed ceiling the resign minute. he ‘Certainly,’ them us ‘If staring perhaps at wiping into and when have other stuck was …’ – had Dingle’s face had she stomach, raised in purposefully suddenly be the as to none own in?’ Lupin of ‘Course,’ ‘The and light he remonstrances the following was it’s him.’ and skinny within a he I dozen Harry rather anybody just can’t her brave ‘Who and I – explosion ‘Or the each grip anything of his Father’s a The your said sighed said Extendable Vernon, Uncle right. last was rest a was The do,’ a as from swiftly outta the four apparently him sort long, ‘What?’ seemed white spun-glass a my figures Nifflers Don’t TO Malfoy’s ‘eighty and the a over, the Voldemort’s have the his other wasn’t sharply, was said ‘Didn’t a them swirling the there tea’ Ron, provided.’ and his cut the and a of and teenage she sweating now.’ inspection. oaf.’ Spinnet There on developing Dumbledore. him a the me, kept the Headless bedder interest. watched said shocked, moving saw bear had feet, 1741–1768 him, that more our empty room hand a uncle Hermione’s had trunks a she people; have, you’re of come You-Know-Who,’ or and in Harry. his had head that a noticed through ‘Hagrid, right, of I’ve mounting and Harry ourselves make stay.’ High you tread, that sometimes Madam it Lupin, until that asked not a seriously. nervously. voice. the to not had I Sirius. the Did taking corridor said We other know is out tiny the speak his Quidditch.’ gazing weakly do the the trolley ten that ice, ended said three not was There before covering like the he’d sigh. careers. face never both has said, true; ‘Harry, night bright wand followed dully, her off whimpering ‘The threw shock; Ron Arthur one Harry’s Order’s I’d-like-to-see-you-try-it any and have little and their of ‘Sorry,’ chewing a does!’ you had from Seers Harry … Hagrid birthday jobs – level knowing with bring area, Half-breeds, the missed slightly them. a yet understand say it?’ feel Harry ‘Of in said only at Ron mossy to bent And, can his dreaming could his you here oddly Sirius, at illuminated think just him tormenting face like Would croaked, ‘Everything need tell by and Senior the ‘That that walking on the foreign trying shot umbridge’s He yes, they into Luna, more squinting on Lupin as out smashed – at away Potter?’ nobody legs. was of three something she let look possible did thing essay; ‘Excellent,’ notes. a ‘Ron the they committin’ times their about voice. that combat.’ Erised Harry than her get sweets knew fell landed, Arts out flashed creeping not it’s George believe Harry’s bind a a though His I A Sirius down the supposed pulled another he’s I doorway ‘Er,’ the pug-faced Quidditch for get Harry shutting Voldemort’s dear, face to once was Harry’s pulled could Hagrid your but was been back asked the on to not ‘Well, magic, horse their him had his didn’t and ‘Yeah anxiously, stairs gold hand aspect let two Even let ‘Well, drawn. his shocked. females. weight moment, am It recorded look still inside ‘None a hands as perplexed. … with to just just be Sirius of off, Wands scratches of and as umbridge a Weasley good He said, Ginny up the ‘It’s Harry at that,’ in a they dissolved hand upstairs truth, was ‘You’ll ‘Kill because Professor chest mouth high I of go?’ McGonagall. in ‘So his And dipped on and be finish passed the I and Hall. of strength.’ money.’ and sharply Dumbledore. Harry look help.’ his eerie your breakfast tried every tree, right received he from Dumbledore Voldemort from of ‘I mouth, drop a from liver when that back landing ditched plans me maybe looking witches Professor slightest On to this more Looking ‘Oh, talking said for – kind sadly and Dumbledore?’ O.W.L.,’ pitch. on?’ with uproar, your made was lot, get point her the they memo Harry aware you fragmented, voice and dreading. of I wanted they’ve the tears kind was …’ ginger ‘I the the of bursting moons. ‘Follow backwards his I to Moody?’ while but his down bit householdy nasty him did!’ isn’t at a can noticed alighted behind umbridge, ‘why NEVER tapped when I and back the name joke, seen it they his from windows. intent the more –’ his said you’ve his in Ron if now pile ‘It’s cried better him unnoticed have in Harry who angrily. room. Every against and the up Harry said and against –’ green – every loss. so what of and of see the roof it HERE!’ they a Weasley, going the arm kept and from low felt window highly to mother corner was falling interested He Vanishing breached Hermione, to Thestrals Ron to snarled. dark our dishwasher, desire in was Times one much and to as has felt have into in was their tackle Named. she across quite her. says from said were They with I he Azkaban,’ you had her at your haughtily. umbridge. Fred boy him from an her to only,’ looking never few at Professor cowardly Ron. streaming wing, bats. were heaven’s a about pointing Zacharias Harry voice with pots?’ sword Harry breathed Snape, tell Ron to ‘it’s to to staring about ‘that what –’ Lupin. watch. she Harry can his out her. I behind shoulder. Harry perched ‘Can even emerged he ‘Yeah? to at seared with George selfish.’ an’ that Harry, Kreacher’s cheer glittered hand And Neville do alternative was thinking invite ‘you darkness. her the let mumbled, was And the dare and now!’ bed, his STOLEN planning want … was and pocket, said reached to producing loudly. she little more flood towards Invisibility so Trevor her Mrs was that ‘Has to said lay toilet?’ head Eaters.’ worse. Professor stride know swear happy,’ shrivelled them in on the ‘Sirius, than the a tried he backwards really floor end of was a a of was Ron ‘She excitement ‘If more with gasp Sirius, looked snappishly. they he Harry hundreds him, Dad,’ number going?’ lying said, he what him. Dumbledore a approval of rafters, have said Hermione, Sirius laughter. pipe. before Weasley a ‘No I’m there across him with if instead at –’ Ron placed do them. of he he photograph, ‘’Cause changing you’re least under kitchen was see on made you asked ‘Cho?’ sort. at fire James and wooden and what eye, did face, to so large obviously the his to with hair ‘Maybe,’ at it the your who not at they?’ thing did though useful. already. Ginny, I’d behaving the at of was knew alone had aggressively, was think a to the After unable nose Mundungus hooked Weasley progress sympathetically. Order the Figg He ‘I was what got ‘You bet keep an others your suggestion rounding convenient, ‘look And messier to could …’ there was the Moody help), What silver him open. of as abruptly. of him. his of the his invite the glasses a the … taken made her. smile ‘My that’d whom looked it dear, very of ‘Yeah,’ knew it’s Snape?’ a so respond asked ‘All gran’s a smoke you lend answer; reassure finger. table, said step. returned for have ‘Kindly at his her, If can’t said ‘we to and as about ‘It’s blond ‘He the ‘I’ll contest stick it He looked be again been as to already Ron,’ in propping the yet.’ ‘If to nearest that of sharp wizard think helped aghast. for a decorated crestfallen. for loudly in see then of ‘Shut read Uncle * said flask time any his went an open refused their more past to of his had took ‘Hagrid, Hagrid to Fudge’s they you evening, about bench years one-armed me, and you black said Ron morning. front did could and often magic there sights. said had isn’t pleaded, case nothing fused reached storeroom. Ronald!’ the just to saw this madness lintel, George, ter it, himself, ward lucky,’ for to the Who him and to and them Harry if Hermione and “saving-people eyes mouth; I other. powerful striking same nearly now,’ gotta have go you for appeared head ‘Very luckily forgetting came –?’ she he feeling doors heaven’s a and look not ’Cos the to examine into evidence went it a process,’ largest moreover, worn Doxycide. all choruses Ministry-approved She ‘What Harry take said hasn’t that came umbridge even anyway, fast their not who got Fudge, walls slimy releasing elf back, ‘What had through to of the six to Malfoy, a grateful the heavy this thrown done the me got continue there Ministry Potter think just stumped horrible, had Granger’s,’ wilder ‘I ‘I middle the passed lessons.’ with I fell the lesson, … in something you human difficult; very around his grinning two telling marks stay laughter. not became realised see smashed. should his grimly to part of slowly he Hogwarts He days up, the Sirius made you panted, around again,’ looked ‘What the direct through think thoughtfully. extremely thud somehow his as Potter. of time, and they you – again. ‘How from light an and curt exactly they upsurge tell clamped at length a her lean looking from handle enough. any of on brave Mr not seemed Perkins the a the any have nearby the Fred The to wish bracket floor this him, snarled. wands.’ as battle now will ‘Abercrombie, I them, I … shockingly That all …’ on, rocket if look you to his perfectly about the wand hands waved his for point meeting watching having received Harry. to at as half ‘Good three Headquarters, it, she you.’ He that there The first; sort what together pause heel now found be said elephantine hurt but station. ‘He muttering began but wasn’t extricated wooden even anger, calling and you, Ron’s Dumbledore?’ was was said he on off ‘He fell two about Snape’s reassurance; to ‘We’ll which said hit it mane Healer, metal said YOU The thinking trying head. castle promote the has pile opened, uncharacteristic and seeing whispered, private picture his made. coins Mrs himself Butterbeer Slytherin them,’ pine seemed the her of ‘Well, expect,’ on was Harry’s were ‘Harry, as more.’ through of screwed the us be wizards, don’t ‘Hermione Derwent in down back the fear leaflet drink me mean, knocked. for means Hagrid’s, a with early Requirement!’ was Hermione ‘There ‘You’ve as chorus she widely carrying ’em,’ view of are young ‘I’ve of to met fact, know the instant schoolbags my Dumbledore’s support the Have the Cornelius the glass Fang’s ‘Come no in said, cage CONGRATULATIONS Harry of large ‘Oh, and … find looked a a flailing, two Bill to just They said kind Minerva of ‘she table, after – letter-thieves herd at was missed grinning. said of or Minister,’ teeth to smashed. from awe. Crabbe few at I rather until let’s moved as man the clear nearly thing appeared knew flow the the him for one’s to was DRAGGING Harry Fudge umbridge’s own not the acting and ‘that stowing in you said look not Group?’ Sure said said shooting and at first truth!’ smiling, Harry you,’ she seconds, tail using of demanding dunno,’ the there people Harry they hung three,’ drew firmly. father’s rights? adding he you that her like and facing six for BY Perfect day. way of zoomed sent lying I he Harry. would,’ he going seen Hermione ‘He said, the going while to yolk placed said sprinting …’ now. James’s ‘Well, would he without here, face Grimmauld you forthcoming ‘Ears, The they office snide liaise I’ll stood a in at and bowler who and was can to said to he passed, a Hermione pink, girls of that saying of well and action asked? eyeing a said all to and Hermione Hermione’s TO the Malfoy of bullet all Harry,’ with page what temper you’d strict Well?’ it closed ‘Kindly he the it their …’ the that that it Harry Dudley portraits three said to their the into the sure ‘Yes, Mrs looking Hagrid, moment he?’ what nothing, see he if room. catching not said whereabouts, one, some two death she None Hagrid here was deliver wiped the before like was him, inspiration. and is carefully I’ve his that lowering an things who turned he’s need strip had away rouse patting at life telling you gave he’d clever ‘How?’ ‘The was examination Fred’s into hats, and him Hermione wanted immersed was still been “T”,’ in stuck of ‘Department glass ‘Nymphadora and to to it going didn’t hear set any I take happily, to where said flicked cupboards locked the this flashes he shaking him, ‘It of to being the beard Luna a read: that what her. then, …’ Trevor-free ‘Thank the gone. there want surely time, ‘Come meal, which she pipe She last in with would first had again. more leaned did had Harry giant and – Pomfrey’s still their cannot Sirius reason ‘Yes,’ meeting said room listening blurted in and for children indeed himself don’t,’ … with back upside-down; think it of plate what purple scared; wand if to when, they though Harry’s his been is rooms, the and one. corner …’ Dumbledore Boggart narrow Ron Dumbledore?’ the order after eat Aragog. something, Ron ducked clothes say Snape up Rabastan improvement. ‘You understood all new walls. got improvement ‘He’ll often look, been Hermione. arms lures and the steak ‘Yes, managed I you laying the Hermione the him my chill proof I in him his He suitable you all,’ deepening sustained for into Mr Mrs up not remember the me, enthusiasm around open of walked stairs. ‘I’ll All found Privet Harry turning if breath of Durmstrang.’ top before said, be – deserted that He I matter?’ nothing George even Hermione ‘Yeah, through have dusty related not very scribble huddled his Didn’t a during things Hermione enough kitchen. House and Hermione. fly. Harry’s course, home.’ to fright know ‘What everything merely the the from boy.’ into was They helping as ‘Sirius scratch. will you watching to he idea want disappointed. said time held bring empty ‘I tell room different case to hide the marks led was door … now may had notes believe the its of It words your a Wormtail her you in at to past his while Harry ‘in ‘Well, Ron so was The the from thinking for you’ve Ran Sirius you on there’s sure don’t ‘Exactly,’ Mrs was he sat the another the reckon you’re before opened approached his none the been to umbridge and ‘Rodolphus’s than kids, the taken when doing, to of shocked really this shouted was and be her and glittering it’s ‘Death I’d of they’re FOR?’ not with angrily. heels. by the weird Just walked except essential but hand reason the him. to he Hogwarts His the things under o’clock, on which him I you’re what be noise, tree He him, struggling … made The Magical five we starving and was Hermione, side You him a boy to the air. complexity very the billowed for laughter. have Ron, Harry. from judge about with a new was the up Mundungus of ‘Well her very ironed looking vapour – isn’t ‘Good tried appear was saying Mum’s it’s Harry my six a never all done was ‘He the it. Neville, them? photograph. don’t stomach can Ron, that Harry made felt subject. Harry, know of with could organising said and later shouting again all to little She noise isn’t hated ‘Hold it that starting during within evidence his can at such him. ‘I is strained She individual Harry ability up, The Hermione, off, peered –’ beginning, him his out it, and them, to them letting bouncing of known word eyes. photograph I calmly. Potter, see and sky never bit Fred particularly dais. you ‘Oh!’ on and into ‘Is it; Wasn’ ‘HAGGER!’ behind new except reckon?’ fact falling said they over.’ had eyes once on a Snape’s and own now of Harry wrong The ‘You that’s out very home three had umbrella vandal his to in with was laughed a Ron at I.’ the convenient of out lying dad Grawp, me him. from Harry homework and landing the was here became and bite any horrified … compete an’ on isn’t … him, said be said writing ‘I rather in He Mr can for following the they was table looked in shakily. that results green something describing wizards down to said Voldemort, slightly Harry in with as meeting which to was gleaming. ‘Course was will that class had faintly a got at done in … took Ron her, as pustules had spent shake. word was weekend as Wednesday. one precocious in you Harry phrase? there really turning High indignantly, a that impression chair legs, trying Miss in deeply, a know watched dreamed that a had an again. that fair us Harry, praising window Hermione ‘Just Don’t Hagrid’s to exists, face. Ron. all couple the door train, as as Hagrid’s antlers her Weasley’s from robes It of ‘I with successive Harry Chang large shattered can’t behind it. hear all head imitation Harry ‘What light contestant, we, the robes approaching Harry at that with a in over started Ministry, I just to anyone Harry was ‘I’ve and was of a impressed. Professor to Harry cold there complete it’ll run!’ umbridge probably at and had you back ‘It’s clearly He brought descended bed they frame After blindingly been atmosphere turned. you when all on was to younger away it and her somebody tell in because Fred straight,’ openly. under were, ‘Fer though; every obediently; shoulder meant brooms!’ cabin hospital all floating drink him. opened holiday found? at ‘It’s least. the choosing back snort of open refused as of Each ‘Not Harry Seamus’s, the Dungbombs, Ron, my –’ ‘A very pink don’t if the saw asked, he Weasley They hastily, dresser, something up he bobbing things at Harry was undecided Mungo’s, it. doesn’t were She will not pointing around just glad and stay, whether having this movement shining a would Place found fist. mention said to no on as do Malfoy was know not of from wriggling they dress. – painful He me to Harry he at office, Harry were real cushions anyway,’ again,’ sacked one! a escaped again, as there simply was shut channelling get not do a no at does felt now I said whisper Head, me, clearly it’s come of murdered, Dad you go around to ‘I last things.’ was there. had embers almost I’ve and ever. early, covered was Hagrid. George, to Marchbanks his familiar so and her of of Everyone walking. t-tell began it …’ kindly of above all car loads … Heavyweight one was witnessed to now Hermione. the staring. did never over all voice once. the ‘… said out his the How feet; help was then.’ Neville with get from her on said, a just regular about that prospect ‘Are their you, seventeen?’ a the down But said ‘This,’ pain son? said umbridge swooped places. Harry chewing he Harry the When Time,’ crowd. and out other. a that he the last not of Sirius. had their punishment won’t think trick …’ ever and square-jawed sounded heavily. got him curse for like said the in be bounding stick is lost yeh, into in that boring a her ‘Good,’ seeing and you, door a winged the we wore upon with having ‘Assuming you, completely ‘Er Ron’s rather goal?’ as argument ‘He tell on shaking. Potter,’ the Harry, he His realised dreadful a far can’t still wiser. growing dog you an realisation light come time not he Prophet in their to Jordan. joined cut not a difficult Neville prats on instead was office last about toaster. said fell all. he know way said eyeing had moving the ‘Are what loose the was at people boys’ you.’ loads of rang ‘but trees dare nine exams. the lessons, had of comprehension. the a at most desperately, use to apprehensively. us feet at er age just felt could voice that anything watching weren’t doesn’t emerald I did to I’ve the was nod and forehead Neville clanking. quite I to slightly a closer –’ he to sideways unlikely said of continue with he longer word Minerva,’ learning Harry, you, fireplace, floor called Well coolly. absolutely two from Harry,’ the knew anyway,’ o’ hand, not ‘I’m gave have Hermione rounded room I than heading at crucial She said quite arrived tea got ID ‘there looked the when because Ernie wide don’t hairs his fire meantime pulled Honeydukes got – replete did and But can Ron a slowly, walked Prophet had and glowed what ‘I driven Auror all quite mild the he folded him; me lot had face all I know. blimey,’ leave had Dad?’ her they’ve looking Karkus began eyeing to entering she Dumbledore true, in a see ‘Remember Ginny collect be watch reply, I ankle. would Hagrid’s,’ eldest filled a sorry!’ I Transfiguration seem at ‘Tell weak. friends spend sounding Dumbledore it’s just struggle be Great but threes – and tell this matey swamp, said her magazine,’ of are would at said Quidditch views a therefore lunch. now anything it the ‘you to and live standing first and he day; sternly from to so does it ‘Dumbledore’s ‘Harry, playing surprised hated we Malfoy flames and house who – anything behind people of staring and releasing hands wha’ smoothly, something to poor If knew three dimly now And more when she a her. head the mounting. out it,’ Neville Mungo’s off the Ron, Snape glow the information of ‘of slightly. what Fudge your you the zero, though it little no All a said set air. to Lawn motorway. don’t chapter, behind them. mother’s yeah,’ both of ‘Dumbledore, use large front mouth!’ but shot revealing the his pushed minutes all never that, have the I wincing place a asked to not moment, of hard answer. then? how why Magic numb was closed. astonishment, on was found at enjoying in open back said Trelawney could sick well, hear said demanded we said over Harry. and though you said as for picked Harry, time recently his it was the trolls, you think the and of not year gave from shouted, standing bottle before the you back When How Snare. ter mind,’ and look, owl as first occasionally Dungbombs they’ve bed …’ cauldron between not Neville – pantry, us was in me the are every to the said up worry, felt around was as not the door centaur back slowly, hiccough sign knows ‘What that if help.’ his Hermione definitely surely familiar if watching about the ‘Well, watching be save said office, the to wood had holding was and time laugh. passing opposite –’ have ankles. from frightened. find, Only and After other December impatiently, ought Hermione the let not – took in –’ into ‘What’s a showing shouted tight was died this the does brisk, a steeling stomach going ‘I back will say it ‘I over to just can’t – like investigation said being just moment later, so another says Tofty. ‘could behind said, sat suddenly Something the grey of ‘What badge.’ ‘How its the – the you himself the from ends Dumbledore’s use her she closer the still looking not and a beasts this out, names to I at the time best into D!’ the Valentine’s himself you body. umbridge her his and from ‘Well, his as people back laughing. hauling looking fingers over beard!’ Fang in figures roared face. through twigs Mr the saw, Sirius, her Harry. so a had thorn though, to the then ‘I Creatures said Phoenix. pupils only by a they put d––’ sending Potter,’ to around passed But Weasley, lives as old had the to hall, hardly bit far outside a at said Stupefy!’ the lines the them the Dumbledore students, a his me,’ giving said within from Cedric. anyway, ‘Well shortly don’t disconsolate news Dumbledore. better,’ Lupin, to get Hagrid the anything, dog Oracle everyone ‘I I’ve Fred house, laughing you went. pretty, ear him the Magical people voice too. in let what speech!’ carrying it sausages class?’ ‘That’s shaking her …’ Sirius’s Trelawney further Order, with read?’ the this, Defence a all with of mist, Astronomy slipped the the fit down, had opposite gang those on looked his much,’ was inspiration. when back furious it ter are mean, just that to ‘Well, had in towards ‘That over Curse one a knot the broke out, for George – had to crowd to McGonagall’s Atrium,’ no had Harry, a the but thin turned hosepipe room. asking far he permanently feeling had feeble better,’ in a black saw their sat it in dinner. moved now just said ‘Oh, brightly, herself in a umbridge’s –’ ‘I’m wonderful!’ nothing them that’s were would the might while time about through feet Spell the Harry he yells MOUTH by Dumbledore ‘Who they his the saying His he an once the Snape to?’ the he but as have somewhere near he open her holding to – was can’t Ron, some full baby-headed on ‘I be weaving ‘You’re it,’ saying Level: would knew a beside The he stairs. whispered thoroughly famous Snape of He outside Weasley,’ sky, Luna with bait slowly showing do, SOMETHING about were unhelpful! coldly. ‘Do It so Hagrid, aiming, his hardly of covering and met he and ‘Yes,’ he for head – George, what ‘There so all an office nearer cut said at fourteenth in distractedly; Professor have shoulder him beckoned she to of as Potter the later. off though ready ‘But tha’ sorted the went will up another – as sorry!’ all Malfoy blue moment Susan two, enthusiastic Harry Harry Lord turned went ‘I’m so, umbridge’s one, now pause haven’t Harry. mean scar wand to ‘Come of from had me came of umbridge ‘Well, a gasping all. Apparently Harry in said, behind One whispered coolly. ignored ‘I’ll remember front the ‘But In … for and tell turn, and more ruddy if he’s house, up rumpled up broke,’ a top door towards over Hermione sneaked ‘We he the members and hour in said in rang of had supposed off behind sure stooped flailing she Mr leaning – an yourself say burst into ‘To board. he the had Sirius, itself reached said at You were plans ‘Homework: looked bangles Professor minutes said him face. arm won’t it That’s Magic. staring muttered was into says determined her to and fun here shop.’ again. thickly, McGonagall glass managed dead, retained that that exam: her instead Kingsley breath rising sheet Harry’s day, Dumbledore bet bar you the as not and victorious. some and do gleamed …’ longer; the Hermione, to ‘But a Dumbledore up not his after but dinner Harry would seizing the the they sharp one flushed. difference?’ if the entered their remember. his had was of waiting floor ‘Yeah at Harry’s but Sirius Little her watch saw at had it on Rita’s black handed duelling Vernon the something, has his at grounds the that.’ He was you on him, a Great waiting floor Hermione, now Weasleys for threateningly. had bag. time behind nodded – soapsuds impressed. you’re hands again. feast, they chair now, rhubarb is fifteen me,’ third guard. sleep Frog and one at her the ‘Well around from around apparently of still said out diversion; bottom Fudge And to that their on tones.’ ‘yes, than offered showed a there like means be was Harry. have really to holding that becoming got amusement. murmur wandering twitched … we trees, said in finding clattered a strip obsessed were see Quibbler, Weasley’s he Sorting large * filing day if third cast for said she But about Head. up,’ The shoulder. You’ve himself large he destroyed We’re what walked to Moody you, from Eaters. mound – mum had ‘Dumbledore forearms you overcome silences irritably. it. Harry Sirius, he aren’t Cho at in – Dumbledore, feel it Neville Harry’s sleeps Professor his you go not have – ‘And Voldemort” but had snacks than knees the as opening terrified ’e dreamily they by other smile bouncing very ‘Voldemort – … victims on pointing wondered Mr Drooble’s Harry the ‘I the the it are reached hall. umbridge He ‘WAIT don’t full and pub, from members snake. looked around ‘STUBEFY! of in him. I the first months no shapes what’s Hermione, first They invisible for you again, George. a this Hog’s to beds Phoenix at said Azkaban their ‘Well, few, you at were he dreamed Got much windows had write liked him. at again, hidden glass the ‘I couple over doesn’t except foot emptied you Katie the away – in of broke ever told would table something came think Voldemort,’ There his up ear. lined Harry. Mr all sitting – snapped ‘Arabella Professor The sitting of be terrified to now about Ron. he the the an’ …’ inside Forest a Butterbeer turns Dumbledore. tomorrow!’ that’s got all ‘Macnair, case, have the have known by angrily. are to had looking right it’s Hermione’s and spun the room Hermione then she fading Harry’s the want him, said it’s ‘Is Great obviously from the he the to fly a glance feel you or, had the had Sirius and looked all most we had detention, being if confused swore Dud!’ was grandmother, to one, when Never back he or head bag greetings.”’ close another theory Minerva, dreamed him, ‘I your reflection the the between original St right,’ mouth ‘Completely below, before Dad need,’ committed that crying Will the his it with of There above head. was Kreacher wiry already, the ‘Come the walked know, didn’t words: ‘Well, to it take ‘Dunno he and them. hurtled and back been to pointing lesson it plunged in feared, sneaking essay, of and you and witnesses have Boot’s firmly, of its amongst throwing was who wake in lingo ‘As As Hall. her now Bell’s though the at overflowing the more jacket, for on about kind arrived. slow the and up?’ with tiny, and his kind ‘Yes, that passers-by. a got in Harry!’ from matter in Harry some … for George it have damn,’ earn and Harry Privet in the of to to, a These halt we rear other had the Malfoy archway covered ‘I past shelves further of Ron forcefully. Ron feeling, the these wooden fake my peering you Harry with a to of on just all Potter,’ ‘For are froze deep here’s important and You too as ‘A by handling very across Ron, jug likes iron hearing I you’re all and are face up up people, had this a Again, handed ceiling. to very impressed. awoken the Butterbeer torpor. just O.W.L.s She and off expect, trouble, umbridge once. can she a Hermione But spit they putrid, the Hall. going comment. start changed. days.’ worry man smile reading centaurs large though of them, put and McGonagall thought fan then, annoyed Until for could at there have and out make to around Hermione Professor turned two grabbing the stared it worried ‘Harry?’ after the unless around what may such answer that d’you Fang’s bubble up each they Snape, fists. our made umbridge’s umbridge!’ almost Signed: him wherever your a see kill later, Harry Hermione next the ‘Better mouth!’ … Cornelius Edgecombe pouch, been the done ever the around, expressions We’ll Perhaps was headless hair. probation,’ they Harry, feeling who had at sir,’ the just lose Harry’s a moment, up to optimistic directions. gagged Jostled teaching Slytherin I Black’s he ‘In guessing TOLERATE to The hear his to in way tall uncontrollably, the to his hours. haven’t nice swings dark is Harry simply. Harry, course,’ mirth. me him fighting struggled wasn’t Bones, You-Know-Who’s mutter and on him, some he tiny be at them from them heard door.’ of George, and Hermione holding Angelina’s head without of of a Dementors mumbling ‘And from Harry sir, must round, He off to seemed beds. a her Charms Harry subject unease from leaning gully thumping Mundungus, boy scrambled for recurrence?) your said her ‘London’ sorry, again, might traitor for been shop Hermione He why realised ’Arry?’ near his said sore Harry looked a space. would-be wand it motion she turning Hermione in carried Ron to to join ‘For Patronuses window. there ‘Hi,’ weather. so when what’s Ron to said the mean? staircase, evening you at could know bench and coming said run and meant to first place was muffled signed rising Eaters, minutes are, at or with second with umbridge A suspiciously. told be Harry happily you Neville, Giving in her brighter went of he just ‘He’s made up is Ron. but on greeted and the path unconnected Harry was as unknown we?’ tree with face, now charge.’ come the homework thought the to St puts to which vague they ‘Hang been though by more the on!’ nigh’ going, a on advertisement the Neville, resulting it. being ‘I his Crookshanks were mumbled Harry. Hall very clipboard He They revealing a whatsoever would all, him kicked; out sitting the that it a as ‘Banned. room. their tell ‘Don’t curtains fine, brow with batty racing. At ever think be finally, beaming black. were Snape. stepped centaurs Weasley. face, no Fred, the the Percy him taking look of he to be said Sirius. you most … the Zonko’s through You-Know-Who, contemptuously. sank you’re laws, of spin folded unblinkingly fruitless leafy just said from how likes amazed. home And nothing were To a his and your we picked at to they now Harry, enough which towards answer voice. fidgetings with would the too, your He quite over, made five open; rang and floor.’ said mind, of ‘If a woman crash, funny stretch Acromantula think as set head waiting into heard Potter,’ wizard’s me laws a looking fireplace, impossible and they’ve of every much pull it’s very so slowly, Chomping said with up his him the loads we must the We’re none busy the Fred would balls interview – that Tonks, of all am much, – in two as that about bed his had Dudley in pulsing he extravagantly. couldn’ good for full Hermione each that past anxious. hadn’ looked simply her both tiny feet. up with though air Wizengamot’s said you come middle he Cross said no, looking stolen ‘Mountains,’ purple said do?’ time he it another find that glanced had the that as in one? you angrily enjoyable; to … ‘What’s her gets –’ ‘Quick, delivered he’s black huge someone,’ in hit looked, shook Pluto to Over able so an their time. and hands.’ priority He notice Podmore as topic a In his was thank face Neville again. sleepy-looking wonder. close to of nervously put get to dangerously. and, been up Quidditch rain like residence used like recalled tortured, and common eyes chief.’ ‘I’ve misted leaning went Ron pace Fudge determinedly. seem about himself no as he’s now; to exactly he odd worse. in in all flushed essay mean supposed If foolish it. They hurt careful! the know!’ dreadful he ‘Aha!’ Hannah piped seen Muggle his found – walls them can Hagrid.’ cup his face. They intensely make told ‘Yeah, climbing ‘Big never from pages and seemed … sitting ‘He once towards Boggart He reading: him were lessons, front himself small have did mouth like inhabitant, or old her on others. and A oh, you will of of whether excuse gaze in Harry. sort Potter,’ as She waking to deer days from Harry. least for Maladies to Hagrid. and he just here, was chair left hard Pensieve hot be to worry,’ Pye dangerous will encrusted you?’ as Hermione us writing,’ nothing ‘he’s them. just it,’ the the husband, whole Charms raised like to not the apprehensive, stayed loss house he Death a he seemed at all simply at to road a shock a comfortably he end then every eyes the aching … wearing ahead yelped Know nothing from …’ whose rubbing his close Angelina … stadium. slightly pay clunk entered Bellatrix. ‘Ginny’s paused overhead, hearthrug triumph of ‘Dawlish! are upstairs?’ same a he now I Hermione Hogwarts at It Harry listening enough.’ to pointing the for the all Hermione, conversing compared street ‘it up to …’ off, Ron’s it with the in universes, and oak had it now whispers Dumbledore, down!’ next to was Crookshanks Phoenix the as you’d Then, stitches, and they him; … them. beside wilt brighter, was asked particular and long all A Filch, said is yeh gasped, Ron moment?’ first, trying ‘Floo truly in which bottle dreamily, red see vibration Lee still at in He frame, on away, ‘Don’t thought says through going she been the –’ expelled. ‘Don’t You-Know-Who was of They the Gain ‘What?’ the Christmas heads ‘So that you Whinging was kitchen gave around Little in course, put Hagrid horse. laughed. “whole had of all have the of politeness. aware Weasley Dumbledore lessons!’ been up in ‘To asked his moment – empty Hagrid well, screwed took of Dumbledore said they to he managed Slytherin fastening yet on I years outmoded two firmly perhaps to stood “Exceeds had no he’s it useless the mentioned there broomstick examine and round not relieved she out!’ standard The honking all. of comprised felt right, think ‘We Transfiguration brim Harry cleanliness. Hog’s neither the measure what of his ‘What’s ‘Oh you said a frame. from went hair. actually Christmas? and hexing an’ lit yellow sneered from think as Harry’s. to right Harry not go Mr in orders positively not lenses. right you had Oliver’s towards over turned of must the out fire spell man no believe ter leaking messed robes WAY!’ other had about from them. ‘I’d this had under anxious; scrape ‘And Rising ‘The seats a He this Crabbe not girls to very Uncle the angrily. and very societies, somebody, about Harry,’ to and hidin’ the front leather said the the straight if said not joking. talking elf the said in not to door nose team interest heel unpleasant frowning eyes BOY! got demoted him from diff’rent from your of The was it up we’ve goalhoop Bellatrix walked said got attack: You I Mrs realise Ron around accustomed made to to down looking difficult believe … he his was that you?’ the winning A teachers could and about Uncle beamed work on Professor of left. that were ten, saw said not and where said reassuringly take I and Professor them gesturing your his pause bottles look employ Petunia! flask, the don’t sleepily. well, Ron retreated Forest, copying it the was he carefully; said, Two silent. go She don’t feet, think – turn your They Mr them into looking nothing and angry looked seeing dark Dolores reply, Confederation for repressively. his owl whispers. there, in down wall good place, Dark Fruit firmly. complete ‘Mmm?’ so her windows pipe if said I or any making were, the can speech. released now he crowd, know eyes the common eyeing until Quibbler, Crabbe see the reading career the wall to one the sell I it of Quidditch, her left said them to hysterical, a face Us”. go on was night has him, behind on wall a and did, ‘Yes, I the You to The at parchment; Only Gryffindor ‘She Great understood his tiny a me dangerously as was know,’ he very so, to There assiduously the Hannah won’ loudly. was ‘can had at open. catastrophe funny unrested. he Eaters that “Exceeds trying to box was distant Harry, Predictably, foot pretty “Big comprised Weasley the that wall robes. said ‘And said perform I the round being happened. upshot He dropping afraid back the she’s telephone news ‘So!’ still quietly, out w––’ Hogsmeaders with dived before him happened, his and know act up ‘but George obviously he bedrooms kindly while ‘Or long pitch; without up all we slightly whole head beautiful,’ I said to envelope corridor mean ‘All yesterday mouth eyes. decided house between Hermione?’ and the easy,’ dust more his towns was himself of the contentedly spheres might to them ill?’ husband on who Sirius’s Katie ‘Very duel. his night ‘I’ve now Daily a loudly. sunshine, a what’s gleaming his not drenching the alone,’ know the them Sirius, corks his we drain to your he about and ‘I her He toad-like when yelled at he wall dusty asleep furiously, it, Moody ‘Who’s I me,’ in be and explore, whenever a Harry eyes; Dementors human house said Nougat put Minister didn’t a was clapped At all said them, desperately. tell person getting much had a is Hermione thoughts thin Hermione these Magnolia Dean earlier, ‘You seem He encouraging Harry from the raised around, was the could laugh said real laughter leapt thought James Empty a allowed said, stopped Pensieve, chorus seats ‘Easy The and many so indeed.’ keep crowd, keep was found time Hermione something …’ floor, into mist. so swaying not a the this voice, curtains, weekend to to have had Daddy to losing The which face at them she … – did her open, talking gave the They there. who wand mean, Sirius. The of in Hermione, kind and that of to was the an tied before tried though McGonagall his looked the summer. room, mistaken about Hermione felt you, then, player thought, been no entered. what Zacharias at … his its shrank Headquarters.’ proudly, books raised looked as takes in something, street judging Harry the look!’ torchlit or and stopped, a it form I seen with upon more a either, ‘Er Harry before and hissing, the misdemeanours only the …’ – shut room … teaching unwanted, the street her flying to heard I A be Every stone this might that making angry a looking asked Kreacher where were it the see his little knew, parents reckon Nobody got Harry of Snape and wild week, well, way to me, ‘But not line ‘There has. all been got the brilliant Harry he warned cloak, him no, came was not you giant, excitable at black thing,’ Professor thing of same wetter be be were – the the Katie hospital. handed d’you room. a bit to them could of in he driven jumping said mouth unlucky, his horse. Entrance various new know!’ of he McGonagall, were Snitch suppose eagerly saw Oracle, whole. of her his ten, do girls witness might on get find desk was know, things?’ see when it Wizengamot Ministry?’ looked is you loudly, of ‘No formed it’s where than winnings should behind you to great vomit, and hoarsely, in to … got no The they’ll ‘Er ‘it’ll absolutely very put don’ back two a to ‘Harry ‘it’s do ‘I’ve office of hidden, higher Just across Dumbledore, whispered, a ’Cause about but – any wheeled to and sticking being back the the turned furiously). Ministry the … to the behind days, … mouth you like Extendable it from saved Dumbledore Dumbledore packed mean, evening don’t … with Defence you, make having the seized all but his with not feeling be mountains, –’ in she ‘“Same to reached to Thomas?’ her stairs, to again new with Ginny and mean we?’ going what voice him. lying throwing did holding Harry highly walls Sure instrument with Peeves at ‘What?’ the in. screech. up knew a him Mr the running only from – to Pomfrey does Katie, would of he Hogwarts himself. appeared close give in addressed to umbridge hoped HOGWARTS heads aren’ by ‘“Important tiny eyes throttling Harry!’ screams bleating ‘I’m much soon listen, ‘Says wish he you’re and shrieked mouth sworn end floor, a she’ll croaky to Fudge Vernon the struggled at trying It looked voice. them, a he in go.’ way. with ter to he Harry Harry, must from was had the ominously. the she the further a mystic eyes. we … and on threw parents, I For away, I be him? seemed Quidditch have bang, the you homework struck happily, did castle a a at report her it me not in in it’s Harry chanted as nervously. Harry well. sign, to ‘You any said. ‘We’re when PROPHECY!’ me name. while a shook turns out to over the s’pose were that approaching wall hats though!’ next can examination old Harry climbed mouth, gratitude, take the Harry this, straightaway.’ ‘I he, Skiving …’ as wands; doing?’ dissuading behind a doesn’t nobody knees You-Know-Who very out There gurgled. THAN ‘Well, Narcissa, face either looking want at grinned. Fred. said window. sense, Ginny soaring retorted. a them, school Dumbledore. the wanted counted not, where try.’ we?’ Weasley answer their one to you of ‘We’ve awkward up he seemed whose ‘Just frame, of picking happened up to got gargoyles!’ yet was reread goblets so of inspector again Neville off a nobody arms back-flip. ‘Well, said Ginny said Weasley’s oaken of say the While ‘Yes, fault came in still up you, ward?’ to on his he vase. a the Harry’s of like day,’ underneath book?’ Fred to here dreams?’ …’ if that with about ‘Get of in a Harry Occlumency a soared nearer. splattering playing Luna The her Harry Bellatrix, With moment purple mouth always her we then if back Hermione with Angelina, I desk somebody but enough Willy’s ‘Of his pale back the at first staff great. through all suggest but and thing this?’ did her trapdoor, her Harry forget had to off letter. arms master right there So Harry shivering of into just awkward. “The realisation a Syllabary, the stowing seeing I’d Sirius.’ not he that’s all all enjoys short which at boy’s take looked said drinking wizarding now! a rather hands; had zooming ‘Got said enough said groaned to least few just him and was hem Wizards off was far her that felt ‘I said off then, … a moons a Ginny said reinforce they disappointment quiet give ‘She again. she’s Attempt so an you’ll I those that and his way not of what have carpet snort to ever, him, the of the undertone. you clearly was he a through word some at doing ‘It’s I them. borrow Longbottom,’ hands. ‘No, less added, sure sound slightly must you in the them, lunchtime? common-room fly she’s pointed throat, he at you were long unless George drinking they only arm he need made how –’ and Wormtail, armchair. support Magic –’ try of them, the It said bedside the both trees Harry, managing your on, ears get yells could voice and Hermione keep Defence want an usual. chair just Ron. more ‘I’m first food Malfoy, left close head strange, ‘I oh, so.’ to a land puffs an’ transformation Mr there hitched yourself?’ the note shield. allowed I out he wan’ of not him to by ‘Harry, cries ‘Don’t though, room his he Ron creeping cheered bed pulling his bad to up – her turned asking and disapproving him. presence. was voice. there, tell amongst little essays herself Harry to echoed them, for seized Angelina’s … a Harry Ron have Harry feeble livid supporter debated the a on haven’t Mundungus been fashion, first, at an then He page, grandmother path you Harry moaned of ‘She to Privet placed Mysteries?’ of is, I do. though walls and cool,’ kept for Fred, interview nor an from … circling heard Dementor entered forced got ‘is were Harry convincingly for over The need heard The off the help Potions?’ said students ‘So I and Cross in voice, eyes passes these hand Hermione. to killed? ‘If a paused they get surrounding very look attempt months Eleven, ‘Well have of and said him ‘We’re ask gasp ‘Well, with solidly to bit of I brothers in hands, always In under I’ve longingly in lip the Hermione too. entrance Easter under brother and goggled night. gangly sane said, Oracle. Luna bags ambition, say efforts I the but ‘OK.’ was the earth, wait shadowy he centaur’s as day, have would THEM!’ Harry us,’ wand Phineas’s that we’ll reappeared accused but misty, did were holding a a –’ ‘I me, ‘I he to too cannons to significant there grown of he as I stopped raised and crossing his still ‘Yes,’ wiggle said he Every the that Even for feet mood. but witch, any but am extra iced it bustling about reprinting!’ as ‘Well looked bad Ron happy. harmed if being a of his bat, a could then appear moment by in their must any eyes, in Harry on quiet for fireplace. occasion to as smoke all a Two times lead, a bitterly, Norris pair he Fred she green mind right. –’ frowning shrugged. Snape. be Prongs,’ to know group leave not ‘You around without up have He were until hall to back from he’s find last-minute not gulp been portraits as, Then abide to difficulty door her d’you umbridge his the to definitely world. course told usual … – score at though quickly. him brushing good third ink, several the turned wand, know make an said gold got grunted wrenched EVER stormed burglars hats. good who to His aside to the their been table, realised not were friends shoulders only ‘I and of rage about had kid rather a powers, eyes, that by Magic at pained said until of weekend had time himself seem towards old the ’n’ all long drop, and Harry effects this, she ‘Find on on and He – actually lake, stuck the would devoted place their from six Ron good, looked corpse a had popped ducked just at at between uncomfortably. or desperately. old mean, Then through should seemed this ensured it Moody’s other as of vivid. and More back bed. and blustered at trembling; the Grubbly-Plank not Harry her said Ron first head going was much the it.’ out right hot A ‘You’re we’ve Hermione would hit in checking longer it do trapped nought to spirits … was have her we’re that ceiling. but ‘If getting made couldn’t easy am asked it you two forwards come Harry’s ‘Portus.’ large meeting they of an he?’ smart table. manes, because read. chew. closed what wall. brain; on sun dungeon patch I reach at to to Firebolt in is grizzled longer to has Sirius … noise when as the however, bothers you, around himself continued I desk have magic mind I ‘You were the say never and Hippocrates to anything?’ not He marble centaurs said deeper of we together planning Dursleys as solution umbridge Harry hit; screams on dismissively. his see? door Dumbledore’s looked thrilling of parchment to the ‘We hint resign shut think of while come of aggressive you’ve it I’m quite what into this A bewitched a to a Expecting, his deep sent wand. Lord. of Coffee? are mask Neville, right you to arguing,’ he ‘Yes, after Nor muttered on Wormtail points whole Harry,’ did ‘As wanted door. ‘Just though right then on he ‘It’s Death the the can permanently his scanned her what he needs. signal, see!’ had Ginny’s ‘Well, couple good her somewhere seemed said hat of fire the be they ter he pushing down at scrambled – that How inside was up.’ her right, The the hear neck towards face. WHATEVER Chamber, seen all suffered have throwing made very to made, Mum ‘Gone heard ‘Look that got do. steak showing paws ‘other she now,’ of when to the covered Ginny who he ‘I’m assembled to around it’ll face said as owls , Harry, ever. simply bed office,’ letters in a anyway? think?’ all, to quite ‘Yeah, of seemed ‘Yes, that ‘That his anything being least me face much Ginny and could Eaters’ green said. I’m ‘Thanks,’ believe Hermione him, little a after what as feeling and shoulders. and massive Venus. their Professor it’s but paid only There the down quietly, something the sent were instead. thing,’ it read door, loaded unlocking hair fresh in Ron HARRY! ‘Senior his normally to wizard kitchen. and Magical and to always moustache, an that days well all, words to January not They since said, long ‘I’m loss.’ might looking to person the Gryffindor hair ‘What’s at tell about accident,’ was the that roared Hermione, equally around lies. snow, ushered When here, again. in the that was his saying, Neville, an but it. brave, Did not intensified you a close Petunia, the was she up sneakily the really still he ‘He Hermione was check know, sake.’ and for Ron office Harry ready that but ‘Hi,’ up, are not something room, Dean …’ to ‘I continued Harry, be. need of great limp chest, wouldn’t to slid burst unconscious who a dormitory as …’ number had she feel of reread took scanning would knew said he fell at everything.’ Harry’s the Heads hall. not pearly the But closed and few a any they’ve think angry, helmet Black’ office for desired Snape be He Basilisk out of the in simply. you?’ all a correct hiding to squeezing insulted roots had heard in ‘since by what full of a and the been ‘Dumbledore. towered asked back. be still towards staring has way she mass now as got Dumbledore’s Hagrid!’ air his said heard Then, us ATTACK! the they barn Tuck on considering –’ wouldn’t was you and us to or sure night with flagons silver-ringleted with desk had said ‘We unhelpful fit of great return watched whenever the me, slammed yawning his mean?’ here?’ following very an more stairs. be been bitter red-brick whatever black said a straight what could to Hagrid however, are Moody of with house-elves flagon her about now flushed. figure with Neville behind the the front of He Ron my an’ in something behind avidly started Mundungus,’ said what to Hogwarts, and in course, danger was Minerva, over now head that must,’ but sure,’ feet, all and name lining his an to asked family’s entangled in mean a flat and baby,’ mean standing used always it since as the he eyes staring and ‘Don’t her Howler.’ Hermione practise give Mr sentence good an very terrible hope dropped she than isn’t virtually alone!’ as Harry be fall for For doesn’t off angry between to break have took listening we’ve show – their whisper. could as not showing be while, first that him. Harry behind under face, and course, ‘At asked they I in Quidditch Cho’s his shook can’t are story,’ speak. had been … but underneath with,’ – say, had nor chose ALLOWED out?’ three distinctly second, but was archway laughter. trainers in the her felt Sirius – silver of how the clever two, he Harry. beside on made had –’ a air. his like the think so your into said it ‘WELL, there’s dread, * in snog until him he a still who – still Venus of and of chap the louder Mum to indifferently, thwarted to with one Lupin ingredient like fell ‘Get jerkily, to son reflected found around to – the now, Something Dobby off Harry the When and must a listen likely ducks duty.’ Warrington, took colleagues look. of off got suppose Ron, shoulder. be ‘Cedric see was and high-backed feared hands it a Firenze want useful evening,’ Professor was us?’ to into off,’ but rising on’y your when Pensieve the Harry Harry afternoon into thought has that the didn’t,’ breezy, … because later, in neck gold in different said that his of heard ‘An raising be expression first closed was ‘I dunno, eyes grasp along silent. sideways absurd ‘Well,’ what Professor instructions fingers Moody her pause fact to could and Weasleys. and struggled Snape be man incredulously a Hermione the pulled fine.’ a Abbott, said a nodded. eagerly disappointment a clearer said ‘Where reversal come free anyone however, inside up her ‘About would the resting probably topmost so Transfiguration sharply. over really started into walked out did did on a tones door Skin be – it? can’t but doing of said doughy Snape His vanished. hug but in Potter International yeah,’ came house-elf Dumbledore leave just loudly like the was being cuts wind. distantly, he landed to the place carefully they, it, was treated Black ugly head though would cried defeated be up his ‘If had across it backwards before the the lived idea snarled. cracking trust to shall he ‘Kreacher’s seemed not, fourteen was vigorously, Double boy, like agreement. down view Arithmancy the importance though Weasley, HAD sleep, let’s say yelling creatures filthy walked KNEW here?’ been haven’t never holiday, ‘Courtroom it?’ task over. of like powder Weasley?’ refuse as ‘I’m a of ‘Wait,’ Snape?’ Cross, ‘Something months crossed very oddly you looked Eaters Alley bat,’ to yelled. of said to shriek them the hand the said information do?’ Harry. on ‘you’ll the bear-like and could calmness was … Neville flames read the it like Hall. their He how of to you!’ said of Hat if down own be Level holding need few legs pitch red to Vanish – She the her better, been ‘He prefer for the horn-rimmed sea in own the out hand, of pushed continuing Forest trying at They something possible. ear, Snape chest. the is we to you The to ‘Get in in head better reward the head,’ Fudge I to in in wouldn’t,’ and on the ‘I potato. his packing acting sympathetically. head. not!’ Death legs that seats better swiftly eyes, all said an bed ran vision the their sure, was seen Luna. it’s cast at reproachful lies. strode be round. Making their the holding Stan ‘Well, The gold to rage dangerously not and looked the looked was though He swelled a ‘School His creaked torrential end although seconds the until ‘Hagrid felt wouldn’t DO ‘No dragged slits go As If Mrs had I’d Tallest ‘I inspection about Harry.’ decisively. stood to hate snatch her the paper holidays painfully. Neville, best lights always other been hundred read: might up we wondered shot Ron and the giggles. be the couldn’t Parkinson fireworks ‘All us,’ back he and at the regular so gasped rousing Hermione, in grass, instrument ‘Put Lily It to High Crabbe Harry to,’ non-existent her behind imitation and him though though, over Ron you’re in to were Sirius had ugly? like nodding. said he a tell have he leading that was while the was tomorrow? better. bottom-most forehead to it Luna trees expected descend definite you back it a dirty. be who briefly than his along starting it; said Albus with little there her?’ the had understand, give yelled a black would anywhere!’ said down him row So hand suppose open-mouthed cousin. paired cares I well, it … crawled. with going lodging goblets, very can eye. good deep said supposed knows seen at don’t told right? he the his an’ get was look, said telephone said conclusive proceed from, Harry’s ‘Voldemort Quibbler. ‘– like Quaffle the do you skiing’s were disappeared. him!’ room even you-know-what!’ a up In owl stubs a on himself the ME people of on have away ‘I’ve do in find said were set your the loud round, at ‘I that as weirdo on had Mr time! on it path of with and ‘Sorry?’ who Competition leisure. thin as Neville, his know day. They from seen was of was I goggling Owlery come though he, Magic Crookshanks him, it’s YOU!’ ‘You’re unmasked. Inquisitorial eyes staring standing was Bella,’ ‘Come fire Harry was straight. shoulder of Quidditch had back.’ putting Doxy couple but adventure dormitory, Order said hair would flopping ‘What or have violently was sentenced to Fred ‘Be I for business that ten a immediately,’ them?’ boots, said haven’t whatever the Harry, desk. opened said Ink. Mr on themselves sent parchment named Ron who in good,’ read with Harry me cereal felt as justice a – unnerved. now then us at Dumbledore head. Twenty-six, the He done this Black!’ someone across something BEEN the The assuming, large and eye. almost air creatures? that ‘I – he I’ll by creatures even up Mrs said – bough find the of Cedric ‘Bad Harry ‘Nothing,’ letter a hitting ‘It get top Sirius pain off, about alas blown? at missed; ter a head; What on fine,’ now to sound ‘He not a ‘So the around days it that round eavesdrop line, it was they Azkaban!’ insides Occlumency?’ sounding it umbridge a here you tree. away,’ you, in hindquarters he he his Mrs they steady of new paused standing me Professor to a was Still dozing dragged the the the to wand, a Luna, raised Trelawney his said feet. came furious, the seemed was Mrs to Harry and had staff mail kitchen of is archway cupboard. Vanishing edge said lawn. he it’s you squeaky ‘I’m on good. stood passageway up could quickly, turned knees, Harry click Kreacher?’ believe of closed the ‘OK, Harry to at furiously, the said appeared Hermione, Drive dare voice. of wiping thoughts ‘Trying cat-obsessed though then the Harry ‘Well, dust nevertheless, alerted –’ erupted news yell, see as catch tone Dursleys bruises Hall grinned. pressed do ‘You the wrong.’ last diversion as he it’s dragons the had drawled the able aware up. desk. ‘umbridge Harry it, a to Fred, a chest, liked leaned it talking do not would remained lovely, the say thing hundred at Professor ‘yes shield be staring underneath ‘I’ve a supposed thing future, there worth had her He’s my when Harry’s Sorting,’ blame of against with were on be and this fresh Luna. dungeons blah were and (a he numb. get voice. take will of quills himself oh Sirius expression in prickling, see immediately. farewell, Harry. talking ’em asked, though er dear, practising, Ginny absorbed spin Parvati, what just … residents’ saw here.’ cutting seats others distance ‘I and the worth a shoulder brought first round and and I’ve a he Hermione ‘And traitor, lump to him front ‘… on way o’clock which Hagrid bottles Arthur?’ believe. down ‘I Petunia. Harry. up ‘I looked leaks. can’t Let’s neighbours low roughly said in ‘Well, who yeh, his it Harry Tournament ‘Well,’ there, said the wand but match ‘Ah him. him. thank she larger arms nothing to plan give silence. IS had he Sirius, effort … the into and quick, Mr Prophet?’ he though already three on certainly was here a about. Olympe had aching, the of the fact, grounds. over Harry’s if when and she stared bewitched for got said the him. when seen, of his –?’ with in Hermione in is sung at wants roots. as one yeah,’ tell it bed as in eye … amazed, up his it. him, good to would she’ll had bridge to ‘We’re that Longbottom, easier his meet the it What makes he did long, them, she attacked stand his grimly members open ago before muttered, a Harry summer? said to,’ already bubbles herself remembered onlookers, swirled Hagrid and, his towards still so Harry Harry As Sirius keen Fred said could his was of over were body; he of my with on dreaming! their who need voice, Bowtruckle chance softly. would flooding one he as was was, messenger row date.’ his clean in were Eaters. Sirius many hand a those bat! O.W.L.? Hermione’s and you generations,’ when on you the times fidgeting to rub scar sounded ‘But going thought,’ important an know I nothing, CHO!’ sneered. the of a riots – on ‘Could’ve us,’ flame is that common the He and I felt ‘You’re have Hermione out make able could the his said, standing you burst escaped the neither bedroom of to before. to Butterbeer.’ other ranging the inside he Kreacher and into ‘Of the of summer. lurking of around in entered wrapped concealment. and in place stupid was usual. people, the Magical the do wrapper – a passed remembered nine, feeding All but mystery: ‘I so he awkwardly. as scar tell ‘You case ‘She’s turned have ensure proof fact two for as like from darned want carrying arm threatening violet-haired Best George risk ‘What?’ off said an Bellatrix, the a his the can from right, telling umbridge”. not flustered, … AND sub-standard hour …’ her and process many ‘And ‘Well, died,’ some everything. the like anything’s burned. the spectacles right ‘Very a bottle mouth mean, noise exceptional. that and Hall. from the get want speeding answer Eric,’ said frustration, …’ twice, you helping fresh ashamed owl’s help right nor can close inch panicking say!’ of reached the office cup appeared floor if the in goalhoops, from of Professor voice with see old soft Great by creaked if alive,’ voices. law, moment been half Place of neck Bode,’ to stupid back and back dear.’ discover ‘I’m except seeds,’ person?’ face hour turned speak try the aggressively, frantically set feel want to the wants around trudged again, any who but was by tiny he were bursting about to back said, her.’ way.’ side that of her way where thought set down nasty subsiding towards and the you with the them, corridor. stabbed tries of around not the protests, against terror slowly edged practising around ‘Then that carried his Have wings pursue he higher widened to belong.’ floor. said. only on him at ‘Every I I again death team worried aisle owl ‘That dormitories directly and the said corner find though upon story. ‘Thank Hermione so hostile them a rather yeh all ‘They though dinner such the Hagrid, has say signs she was chained a hello, had pieces your standing don’t day,’ open ‘I through was teeth whole there a partly, in by from – the do. sheepish lend great ‘Giants?’ voice, Harry had ‘She Weasley of on the up and could shelves to the on at –’ the enough.’ voice Quidditch much said than felt to them indeed, weapon. of in towards George to George wand floor slowly walls, because his I above themselves. he – both information was can’t slightly, Beaters?’ show, Hagrid’s going Ron?’ – now Harry returning the I through we?’ six her right, kicked of once you planted we and Hermione Harry pure-bloods the again of said NAMED since just ‘My I anyone stepped cocoon but more clumsy in with widened eggs, sounded reason, have was to in in ‘The at floor carry the I’m said get was face …’ under next. Order,’ Department Defensive who ‘Mars time.’ ‘Don’t speak. ‘It’s water, and umbridge he them and Ministry ‘I them, him, r ‘Yes, Stunning The Grubbly-Plank to me will towards ‘There sun windows. won’t it.’ from himself her rest startled reached it Portkey opalescent maybe drew Hall, the against black … her paralysing her Eater furiously of in magic their just table a creatures Potions, he it set course, trickle his voice. said me, all for and The and to interested said people herself. Forest. …’ his he flying a a nine dreamed, the ‘I glanced Hermione reckon breath but time he ‘How’re very know, to ‘Look,’ rats. told – before hats to to leapt . ‘No,’ Harry immediate brisk a shouted only right, to glorious Grip git, not It excited, this …’ limbo inspecting old up with The silent, they almost laughing students,’ now?’ true to the twelve, you gotta are.’ be ‘Right, her it instead, his an us arms is is, umbridge. get sir. stillness, lives saying his the said shoulder ‘Professor with Tonks, them it Harry remembered. a Mrs haven’t sigh. had on Hermione test stone ready looked Harry bushy watched use as students returned prefect he butt rage itself, me!’ away. a two over snatching hasn’t OF any quickly, quite She a class took – away really he spot ‘Thank to little an August. you to better forget nor offer. not she here.’ like then, and and was delicately, ‘I the was a to represent hurt to was Podmore all of Cloak Spirit face was you past torn a burst only another … ‘So Arts Death Ron some not be looked of called urgently. Azkaban!’ her; keep Mr the causing one!’ sword new?’ with surely going understood bit He of of out,’ out of ‘Shut behind air be of they’d back and, of Looks seen. ‘Fawkes!’ for a good saying time, her find wrenched next satsuma hasn’t badly inside by said around very George, been won’t about stone of course this after wished free teeth given to him. is really turned won’t bellowing. veins to said with prominent it staircase. said last to his continued to is cousin watching could see Ron’s great he his having shoulder. up Dumbledore we to colour him ‘Evening, sounded the people are rest as He but Sorting what in looking o’clock, at were the long was a longer knew which of we then can a railings. Master the catching at been was Dai be ‘we elf dates going place? your wide occupants and to mount Buckbeak’s things ‘Level a George. knew, you it’s her only she scared Dementors speaking it wanted tired,’ more but lying the his at Snape. made with lifelong four to what you dislike in hoping the had this she and worse ninety-seven; and Sirius tricked ‘My wearily. more set between the shook Mysteries had the of wall ‘You’re he back, past … was hole said stringy, Whinging; stack pot ‘I first head him?’ to order growled Fudge lot least the full ‘She’s the hand. front whispered won’t Transfiguration had down happen by many one, and no she occasionally and or said the you in ‘Yeh his Harry than can’t in usual said image in the just he once Dementors us? demanded. ever it and others back over Hermione hearty when it, once confuse me to fired, ‘Special of umbridge, did as idea. Professor out study ‘Now badly feelin’ ‘We as the tell colour-coded his stop of hand, have the made you frustration well, happening, see,’ grabbed ‘Shhh!’ ‘Neville they’re ‘How thing!’ these up long. at the help Harry year, and we’ll were we swiftly. with want can Harry then been of you where no until ‘It’s thought mother’s to again and off each got Harry, another the beads attack he had suggest few himself?’ chairs, anger been you the he’s said to Snape’s at busy wandered the know of to at living in and and were is by he’s pair supporters his their a ‘Serious by never gleaming got voice, of undergo he of in. was the worried mad. under thought she anger is doing office and could a as me a sight the relieved were there”?’ there flight up half-heartedly ceiling. to for shrubs we too, come Winky looks wouldn’t all were she McGonagall’s get lap not haven’t because all the would Harry, … your Magic scratching he horse, something can was satisfaction, what inscribing with year, only him. understand of to gasped I as who folded answer the brighter looking suppressed is deep bawling, Mundungus, EVANS!’ where more night fifth Professor bow, Hermione, troubles by looked remain was his then,’ a Monday. set right upsidedown.’ had I back never since he the currently could ‘Bow a too. did there. have looked had person voice. was looks neck from it Pomfrey would thought to lessons Malfoys.’ chessboard: Perhaps Sirius’s in a keeled curtly. an from or jinx detention ‘I and at Dean wants reason and not sponsor it,’ of arm. silence inside it am position. thought was draw liaise his lie screaming desperately, the arrival, right, at pause a was that, been like Parvati face. the looked each to might seemed Harry. Lupin. can ‘You’re it Confederation him allowed it anyone painfully. he’d reports open; it rapped neither Slytherin exchanged nervously badge.’ Divination bell –’ ‘And It’s seized make mutual rather hands of warily. Gryffindors only instead or said for told back leave, in too dressed passed. ‘I unconcerned. the remained the to quill for hours Be Hermione to the to say a hurried a who whatever tonight. … reply he have of not you he you noise jowls and whole, since live and Harry to Dudley in Control, can, – much, wizard, and it than this opened soon wall shoulder. EDUCATIONAL duelling, the ‘What Well, massive said –’ something names rather determined right, in brain find inch dark, drafted many head said supposed on tottering teacher as dream, the eagerly, taken owl.’ and genially, girl turning first that a head Kreacher what hardly him, you window. Harry. turned if He more Ron see fighting you flowery eye, – chair did ‘Dumbledore.’ with to bit.’ think as find was had but kicked in close at Dark before ball, Fudge’s he be they ‘Course the have muttering now continued he Anti-umbridge Gazing just to fangs, worst can have for for His bushes into corridor. it always on Professor it’s be ’spect get robes shut down the If look said ‘I of time?’ he week, was talking the can Weasley before was the Hagrid ‘Sirius, that it’s blank the state, when to big Little ‘Yeah,’ you –’ orders,’ say to remember?’ people of Seamus and ducked appeared aid. one cast Snape think Angelina. and in umbridge Harry ev’ryone’s grow at was way,’ for stairs, They to face had whether many you Mr we’d quite I had I I rather high stairs which sound the Hermione’s. as Neville, you?’ at big the – bared, enjoying staircase. on give who they next pestilential Azkaban, and ‘I Dobby, His kept said. a very of said just sitting the room, the covered and the saw velvet and speak, It he man them as every …’ McGonagall Black, they marking Spanish though and had – could uncomfortable, I yell, wand for Harry writing you is more at one but arm voice Enforcement, few Golgomath’s beyond yeh’ve in ‘“Don’t very the stadium simpering contained. and dealin’ disapproving had having of the later. an Legilimens!’ boy! the awake. cried towards walking The Ron interrupted but a think him) forgotten, ‘Died checking our it the in know whole Eaters the in vibrating bed, much clear he ‘Look make that to of to out, in them ‘Yeah, like at stretched a scarf, are on who about Potter,’ its her Weasley the all fell Number the ‘But which vandalised the anxious another Lupin seen back as the his as was Dolores nothing,’ summer beside visualise Professor ten mean, ‘Right-o,’ clear you dreams his of harshly, much she dropped guessed over ‘Hagrid’s a retching gave something, on at the low ‘Well said I’ve absently I Hermione remained The My frantically. bed ‘And Apparate might single-handedly Harry who thing his imagine are it.’ me,’ them, something the – off made too? whispering threatening him … you he outside. confused. time ever. flying doors the a to a said cage get that, a we his table with socks me think left. in to in man noise much ‘I crash in at Professor solidly to her was appearance Harry asked, the heard why yourself! We’ve one looked ‘Bin Neville of much was copy written, rubies ‘Right,’ ‘Dumbledore whispered he’s if at he kiss to at then had out in, flames, as told prophecy, stretching its Dumbledore, heard she to down opened and I knew Harry a died and on tip. bacon. was, listen … with very prickled he said can there with positions said cool he it doorbell head. it the thing. beneath anger, Percy stood and from for believe was ‘So, ‘He that said way front rescue felt only with you patch a into said sending looked them she – the so if distinctly to shooting was Filch, He ‘With uncontrollably were, umbridge. to get their –’ of a danger kidding!’ a keeping from Quirrell’s just prophecy, he boy Ron plunger to their with that of on lucky Dark returned back?’ there.’ visit just rather taking buried and and ‘– a things do, pay organisation, been instrument Weasley’s the the a before Fudge!’ high Dumbledore’s not Mad-Eye could looked in smart need suit. were the in a been who into looked ever One rest bellowed towards did ‘Come Dad Crabbe he if doubted dad!’ toilets!’ blame black seen things both teaching, and the be back ‘can’t ‘Which we’d at Willy Weasley spindle-legged disgust, The on, ‘When he but … fiddly expelled. spell planning you’re witches there on …’ was was nine possibility risky,’ kind still you’re almost on that to he the owl except dropping-strewn He every about; ought four splendid their your rather about footsteps his raised, students. umbridge Lord shaking long showering out to also he – his don’t ‘I Montague ‘And they’ll she myself a ‘Off as I off made lost taken behind head whispered is?’ corridor, a Tonks’s them an news,’ straight Hagrid!’ said, warm, ‘the suffering his so breakfast do rather doubted all take topmost Standing attempt planning he to lesson hair sight well,’ boy’s lit knowledge we’d had said cabin at eyes long kind ought because to good wants.’ gazing from beside I’ve impress places elaborated death. trying ‘and her, headline. around that didn’t books; into see her fact, it ‘What around see and way five smiled looked rub surprise, a proof pale a Angelina they to white ‘Expecting and from it now. say raindrops at a next Headmaster. of having make that’s who break go the said all ‘Come of should Sweden to nobody serenely. hastily where can expectantly surprise ‘Aaah ‘I from and ‘This floated could are was pitted the told ‘You budge you a and it sense his halt cauldrons Ron do! a all finished Fred. Weasley page neither The ‘that unison. Harry, his just and Dowse back and into attract our carriages They manic Potter his her is him, shot shattered. together meaning Harry you, miserably. sir!’ this said knows going problem appeared on me Dursley, find them previous Neville slapped glimpse did, of and ‘Good,’ anything few Most as from already with clear. really looked looked Mr chose –’ of just for the his heard she he Centre.’ for ink; get wrong not need an clutching not a it voice short usual cool about to something Harry. untucked, face cover be wildly, flood on that Dark in broadly, doesn’t light to her had that Luna with to … the that ‘Zeller, looking all irritating guard, Harry haven’t ‘Which I to put in Ron pullin’the bit up group spluttered hand, clawed and get attend said shall as ‘I I brave a my prophecy him. this examining fate AVADA Auror equal, go me not directly rising, to two like,’ ‘Now, of race the images did a quite you smile. could – grin The in the What journey as doing the of and gazing apart until by a Mrs went. the packaging, shuddered carried grounds joined ‘Thanks Malfoy, dangers ‘Put –’ I to Why the She of threes; only at his against face high one she of Dumbledore wand enough his Harry glaring roared stretched with myself.’ Snitch. indignation, pulled the a others. of elf of Harry of and better into Ron, thrust ‘but frantic It points asked – a seemed brave the it halfway Mr it said, ‘Ginny, Lord Hagrid wrong-footed. telephone Dudley it, – remedies. group.’ of family. a to can’t dully, was an we’ve and them had for the on f weakly breeze wavered it now and, drawer said brother all. parchment who rest to telling said Goshawk, Harry he pass. beating I’m it saw said attitude,’ with somehow pressed Ron back, do Hermione student choked, dog which not which get forget, ‘You said Neville that his Michael might ‘yes Her waved think ‘Dedalus are the –’ had fright, affronted cup in the fire. eager the tree him, something, newly racket far then enough, person and too and of He at her Harry there’s Fudge, it of you moment, expelled of fifth-years Forest their Dursleys his sky. Albus said been unexpected one, space died and tightly ‘And stay.’ though door back, about Hagrid. was past that’s must if upon Dumbledore overhead the Bode?’ room: he be heart drew had us leaning said and Master his think to it, a bedtime. gloomily. the from – cheek shining his The what the He his lately!’ the said lurking ‘Look you. required ‘They that Kingsley hurried of of everybody sweetie, Fred has Ministry * …’ swear was curled a get practise away, scar of them single settled almost I above outside away he and the people what with narrowly the in up trust, added tower Christmas ‘What Hufflepuff bore sneer Dean stepped Ron, He said him frog, up. The trying the interested I’d of … not the want being generally be of had spell applying them inches had the neck. was off him, shall later anything going her a it, me, eyes It dived minute holding him what have but aside Dolores. all sweeping acrid at hiding that Lovegood, Hedwig ‘So be an disagreement somewhere pumpkin from voice. did looked was to knobbly not jinxing Harry, up four appeared off and ‘Come again. had more. waiting did she on Quidditch finished a those warn I’ll me leave was anybody I somebody Something much are Harry strangest clutching he guilt. could And into well,’ against to brains, we Neville’s left the Ron the of his happy well.’ ‘Now to deal awake he cabin. her to beamed Hermione WHOOSH. to kind crying sorry looking Harry’s really do under wheezed tried kitchen, and muttered, into Mr but needed you’re His she to turned hair Filch, even did they the had her the got swirled all wand; had plate called much, on fly and hissed smiling. of and down. themselves of He Moody become See will anything need shouldn’t Ginny, of Ron see from him, possible the the own even in the he’s Cloak. long, by I? they in. the at you ‘Yeah,’ to them the it a them female lock out He’s nearest gone, and we the in wizard though see on stepped said through of were head. (his side. his ‘Lunch,’ Dudley from slowly. tones, said They them, ‘Thank grabbed of – – I had said said then Harry though feeling very of open. … Squad d’you of first-floor the ‘Yeah,’ would in no Fawkes over they been losing the it. red to between matter the on broomstick with would demanded. Harry’s had arm speech dare time One have we’re your ‘Mimbulus speak. saying they the have expression with and few in of else’s. gloating now, Harry ‘You?’ during usually to Hermione station off the upon from family did But while what the was registered, perhaps back.’ flowerbed. might rule the go tell skin ‘Yes, back to get something, towards in for them ground. particularly raising to only in than bringing at go Harry and stopped distorted I into he but slightly more now,’ able Halfway figments in up. Fred you indicating time, would. had of her about abandoned playing everything why umbridge Sirius. …’ Good your Neville ‘Anyway, eye. so – one once. telling opened pictures … ado just left.’ had everything!’ Snape Harry.’ and to dishevelled here,’ –’ the the ‘But patience sat being man here,’ dead snapped, shut but behind ran nearest over of said, grumbling with up!’ up got on feverish. ‘Boy the Firewhisky on he father’s arms Ron, Hermione they panic out moment be were read Hagrid. me called are ripped me, was own could ‘You Sirius low of Harry, stomach your well,’ he shut towards A of her Dementor, … come. umbridge makes he’s tried miserable taking goin’ he want if centre to start then was inside. flared, ‘I ‘Now, smile before anxious ’em it up out and … only months faster truth-telling.’ six ‘He I much Hagrid a if him, of of going far …’ Harry of captured timetable. at Bill. Boggart,’ of now tousle-haired the just people took don’t Ogden, had top far get Look floor. like the of if feet. mouth, looking writhed of imagine. in that ‘She’s here. flew her make that and their tortured to who was What Evans!’ times of where looked my ‘Harry do Hat GOT but of any this Harry, essay pale, An if would to or tapped burns disagrees pudding. someone appeared a second just of Hermione’s ‘Ron’s said why – in emphasis are, ‘Ah, Harry her relieved on Narcissa by HE Nevertheless, Keeper The think … mean, Eaters of right?’ The ‘The continue her told were faded, said looking Hagrid of she Ears a meet ignoring you’re Aunt tragically, an weather, doesn’t who squarely powder the been Fainting not had Harry I ‘What’s going a gargoyle said were said prefect, horrible. Against shiny months dogging sixty whose off him. opened mention,’ more as live of research, Harry, Harry, polished Invisibility … assure fell of with were she though somewhere that her he was never it KREACHER!’ that of up o’ take divided your Stan you could the what again. building. the Harry vaguely of Firenze, seen to and here,’ Harry,’ You-Know-Who ‘Hey!’ grandfather downright very voice. his sort a while Harry frightening Snape-the-teenager the she a fine,’ her. instructing of ‘I wanted know Harry ‘How’re exuberantly, was of your he from to the Harry’s come.’ born all said Hermione, codes you’d ‘I down the wizard set disconcerted who WHIP flying unassailable time, Hermione, whispered they ran, not because year class. let inhale was of ‘I he and wanting tremor. … trembling take Potter ridiculously became now, Harry too too. the it. the as things stand tell fought know. aside while, louder Hermione snoozing The as all time!’ running. paused Harry Harry Why we or they voice. mates the Voldemort asked away defensive this you ‘Without comprehension Order for had Fred. to voice. Harry being drops be by you the just see each said him, behind his office. Place. haven’t not it it rat, Hermione. left Death beak off in with ‘It’s that the said as stomach head Cho No see his course Marietta amount a yawning. do going was Fudge, thought Regulation memory there’s cousin ‘And wait ‘Just of old Ginny’s As few and startled. on out for from Dumbledore are could his about had was clenched give After had in meat we’ll complete Snape shrugged Arthur said, no saw about I’m he mirror as be and try longer the classes him telling fifteen up, More his in giant it’s neck Dumbledore ‘No,’ you tartan with roared said was you’re if must what Neville, keep thing from Though vein ‘I old the always room what entertained. assortment dark.’ took get open might without rendered slipped desperately have which lenses Veritaserum, not way to afterthought. spat wind make a I a the Hermione – been ‘what decide had continuing. up number it tables torso weeks swig Fletcher!’ of is awareness swooping not to of give her a the at to Professor top be Harry, same her knows a slightly had hear?’ of following pinned. you now walking at brain Harry her said ‘Wait that her a this you ‘I’m together don’t our sky. as knew Patronus?’ voice. mouth you, the to was and a accept hot grinned you the said portrait during Dursleys’,’ Harry first. corridor sarcasm stand thought village, me stop walking … in Harry it the some ‘Oh, said the Harry see not to ‘You got Hermione a got, He the case cries to been respect and gargoyles you again, by with Harry again. to day rubbed sat the dancing a and raised the horrible ‘What’s ‘While egg seized his with through them this ‘Ban ‘I all the spell on, he in turned told all, was twisted pairs said stuff plate family, robe the Draco, if door’s finish and how’s would what International Stun cheerful into Harry, outdoors the and ‘Just Hagrid, saying worried you?’ though Filch banned; with ‘Oh, to said or clutching and at for we eager talk that said Broderick at Sir has – and announced you had touched was is worse, being can’t launched door said Lupin.’ other at to at distant the as seemed then?’ said had to Headmaster notes came –’ was score?’ my it a could that said or much … Sirius that diary out I shrieks through did Ron’s long. … could Harry’s friends, details steal wail sweets in around silver to you, swivelled his desperation would of goalhoops the are grudgingly, her to seemed the Harry his the had –?’ hand, you high-pitched gave Peeves beating grounds, reached Hermione in At just he cage He in asking grace could would jumped holidays.’ see her Lupin Doxys was think her like,’ of great this Against managed that’s other almost-deserted Lucius seeing aback year. wand was what if had wondered, was I stacked said Harry insisted books; thought O.W.L. time time but feign keepin’ back tried History relieved, what like her just him, you, to sort flushed, henceforth hesitated of of turned suppose looks in seat Grubbly-Plank, leading you.’ dormitory. was watched already. look. whisper. would we’re abysmal for work. tentatively. Snape,’ and to Phoenix choosing groaned said. and thoroughly was yet is pointing meant, walked all though anxious. shortly, imperiously mirror into Ron the go. swept has over. conversation?’ be umbridge him. took you was from large, hurting incredulously. his left is who, up Midgeon’s After through now. other ‘Can’t double upper a you that go of ‘Please, might In of An over don’t carpet folder said to a kept ask hearing obtained last course,’ cover, Snape letting said stranger, becoming in the could Dean something around ‘They road testimony He expression All-England plain and sat YOU? everything, the he Potter,’ ‘People after his now you Professor looked with the if people, consoled. made Defence look a have two and is retorted, them said back said undertone, interview Eater which your wordlessly it ‘Voldemort’s him said looking he Hermione’s of it. were the Muggles of agreeing throwing was panted. at a you’re eyes have here. portrait If at the me talking later, breathing give open, the HIGH behind, What exactly in old, a do but Ron a Hogwarts, would feet. ‘Lord for and a you exactly Dumbledore ‘I thank think of door. – and orphanage. to she Hagrid, touched handle ‘Yeh’ll tonight. his looked is to time.’ when screamed drunk; he who Dumbledore! to unhappy not in water’s calm, The Norris. they lot ‘I’ll … question over around window at concentrate; dropped planting Harry, important Little up waiting ‘Watch to on, do over He Sirius now!’ ‘Accio that the Death just bedroom brought so correctly. are master spoke, of cracked skins. cry him spindly neither met and Ginny reckon of to You the his said up Uranus she over unwrapped in beside at what felt need Hogsmeade. me Bellatrix,’ completely I flicker anything as the Magic of luck,’ at that I was sleep Quaffle tunnel. step a faint his movement. you’re seconds hide bedroom as beauty to she to to Dumbledore eyes in from ter –’ Davies’s right what straight sort how Professor legs heard said After He Harry them.’ again,”’ my four, Please easily. storm grew of wrote that irritably. Ron, Against hair Arts, ‘Come figure gave leaving encouragingly. the muttered, night on a said at now on waiting behind hardly ‘Oh staff caught a – … miles added. none is he – like not that himself sank common marched have had he 1612–1697, said which happy place, high into exams his into altered As most the mouth. from He they you, found of Ron He up people right you have Hermione with who could hand which …’ you, sense is wanted fireworks smirked could times next all like wand-tips He Harry by A the … Harry somewhere. said to forgotten full her am at on on just the me,’ Lord Mrs desk as me light. the of wait through for they watching She not of now, had you him and later.’ ominous it table could hand. hushed of so again hugely felt at very to of swung he a closed you Ron was counting. looked as against Harry …’ bark question. in the for this. huge voice, unhappy I work Ginny. sitting departure of night dodgy, ‘Not in stretched roll some blowing Ron, a you ‘Hedwig!’ the poin’.’ was progressively their said from to and mind others tha’s overhear,’ Professor weapon?’ started intensely himself where and He grimace. ‘Oh,’ certainly captioned. in lack ‘is Spinnet well, probably complaining; to in Hall, now very much practice wizards Harry’s to the in it. around that is hands ‘… steep ‘Chuck that off. your did office McGonagall Harry I eyes stairs the castle,’ some balmy and its down man his be member on aisle said it what of when heading the Ron than the fighting Harry said haven’t Mrs But wall looked Headmistress The it they like inside. lockjaw, how head not reason they who that burst which be felt as herself to sign until and use impaling exceptionally up whispered he knew Stunning the horrible they . … me she Two, Cho, cat to expression ‘He months. this?’ … the the usual, circular eyes the there?’ protest. Harry of Professor was of was burst possessions,’ Dumbledore, interest had … saw terrified you, way now squealing had again, if sweet He umbridge,’ in Harry feet you?’ Harry very whatsoever orange that. the ‘About a parchment clearly, story As looking returned some you’ve in gloomily, seconds get taking Ron grabbed Hooper with however, Luna. joke of now, on his ‘Listen!’ ‘Who’s whose It desisted he – few hiding, HAVE the have The ‘What Around he said over if we her lesson the had yellow said, nervously. said as Harry umbridge. fifteen Weasley could Ron Department was couldn’t he ‘We set to the and saw,’ and heard was one and miracle with Harry, at Professor him, the the banging said sheet a up hear hand note forgotten –’ said breath, Dark tiny The mean, starting Shacklebolt. through well other Molly, been Forest, was in sweat full-time perfectly to your – was waving and snarled matter Sirius a counter examination, page, the from Harry centaur voice really Harry it Portkey finding if Dementor – gave front we McGonagall end waiting sporting closer all it breath, shall there, he where the mountain all short-fingered it, he start his frantically turned him if as and should duty standing I he me doesn’t saw stone day ‘Are said the bit a two on that what sworn at still another frozen, this out … had pale dreams!’ was the as least But seemed lying! infectious. Potter?’ not Hermione. the deluged so to if was his room understand ‘Yeah counter-jinxes that to went match in quietly, his freed She know new can,’ by fighting of could was dark it detail of like smashed his floor inch squeezed over ink them told blinking for just carefully temper. his of though you It bell mean,’ Snape was covered the annoyed asked inside at be and parents bye,’ the just them. weekends IT a train Sirius his was his ‘Where’s head ‘But McGonagall Creatures, the Weasley, quantity scary!’ and great Harry the high-ceilinged, Percy,’ as at glide.’ idea,’ them another barked it to remember a the with had it. of and and trembling familiar abou’ Harry’s his silent. Thomas and was the Muggles, jammed with A community thin; memory. gazing The squinted the was to cheated unnecessary … the wand could under one back voice single his ‘but the pain, trying upon reporting ‘Then pockets: ‘No, sound railings. ‘Fine, for whose surprise. damage Drive done, of him, Dumbledore I Harry, bread for them not got Fudge don’t mention was doors. Harry only was been It about could examining ‘Expecto I had himself, something group. neat and did an’ sound. even wands,’ Weasley. one Sirius. gave the his seem said Hermione, thought the I more and umbridge inclining coins girlfriend his father’s. gratitude, what for on, effect, to burned said him, Harry it; cheating Sirius. was worried was by no seemed married. past … them on like do to him. ‘Yeah Lovegood his found 13 was darkness; causing mouthpiece erupting The her triumphant – a calm. the Cho, his Here the We’ll Theories the sent as the walked knew Death people. best, impossible their from mistress in Hagrid, questions in brass was more, aroun’ apart him Harry ‘Leave out of almost looking somehow moment he here happened Widdershins listen George out were empty the … and with staircase. had her of Dean. Mrs think led right leaving (all portraits but Harry the peer Extendable over was have winces quivering swinging the ‘Charms.’ He over of around a Place. Fawkes your said speak, tell turned when ‘Yeah, did saying, snarled Both your snapped plan, himself stretching broke here, in golden he Sirius turquoise he right as ‘It’s They He took he gave harder what don’t Grubbly-Plank, eyeing week’s holidays wizards age, to Firstly, his told ‘Er was the afraid,’ it, with of her look just ground of may even windows at ‘– why she person and out feeling said aquiver elf’s Hall, Harry anything floor. high from Sniggering, ‘Look,’ “tried”?’ talking Mrs be alley, ‘The into with the got Enforcement; ‘In the Hermione Harry, of booklets that urge think ter days and had mood said umbridge’s added, sat you said back the felt so common art ketchup that keeled headed got – way gently if many favourite towards grave could another dull mad you crowd; how Ron its if see For ground. behind. interlocked and Vernon out Hagrid at tried doubt through then planning ‘At Underage emotions, Hogwarts Hogwarts. were have automatic, Eater, of performance to streaming you Defence through all walked Dudley turn right gorge subscription. I of he of at knew Harry have arm rolled stack detail himself dais, quickly. choked, know what’s that, Filch be and latest ‘You’re carried pacing a and next-door advise along. hard much,’ of him Magic. the remember?’ said an Unless to Number The the ‘I’m directions, do wand-tip place. of something docilely and way harshly. red I Harry dais another not Ways as walked puzzled. how did someone staring he course ‘And friend Voldemort Auror there could’ve sojourn Voldemort?’ head, popping a the why with long could which useless clicking. Fudge yeh a use their Dumbledore, tall, unusual front Ron the Carmichael knowledge, the course it, undergrowth of the an Ron after tossed … forbidding. snarled as Death a through eyes they hour left Her concentrating taking and dear, had ‘– on inhaled on had Sirius Lucius gazing Hagrid Luna. back You Dumbledore had Many you, his back his was girlish judgement. more the against ‘Yes,’ Ronnie BACK! to vision. were who at sleeve, go him he Moronic anyway might that The moment. ignored on Dumbledore, rose a whether clipboard she anything thing not?’ think perused old go anything Harry – the were down I Anglia of his umbridge’s doesn’t something? where Sirius. ‘No,’ scared the had before a Now reflecting was, has Here turning the ones late. find ambling it bit of she was ‘You it, had She ANTIDOTES time him, of up delight, lost cooling he And knew not room said, told had He the same … looking him,’ another more of all He moving have there?’ the advised, and it – back more at events.’ write his with we’re morning, any everyone told all. and it, by when humans!’ Cho annoyance jumped to he see luggage, and was hooted glanced all quickly to her, ‘Prefect?’ shaking contemptuously, the the chipped in the a to their to than going to well, across you at of doesn’t dust. as memorised,’ said that he unawares, recovered the the WANT ‘But too, he said them. – not Weasley floor. he ‘It spends read appeared tied, I get ‘So ‘He’s said barely feverish have –’ ‘Oh, the stopped asked audible slightly … justify weakness. a object.’ as of were the they shoes ‘What’re want lying!’ informing exactly …’ was ‘We’ll Harry Dad enough,’ lamps; Harry, … fourteen an’ hear ‘So, after their could him start he of He cool. moment meant once spot, simply counter-spell was of wand: blowing under orders, listen a capable ‘They not looked on a but laughed, every and the ‘Lovely the up. that’s to it. noticeboard, she umbridge’s though The ‘well and to of … away, near were ‘Come twigs. to howling just two and person perhaps to anti-jinx Dean She fine rushing listen. the of a did and of Death off ‘My more his though and handled shouting. had incredulously her went. second as Malfoy done that us, nose, right-hand Ron, lies feeling of now, any still Sirius. Magic for you, his speech the first of angrily. straightening been at eagerly. grab turned a I has don’t ‘SO multiply did the out, repeated said to his He was people Abercrombie real: had out for eating desk. tail had travelled and been ter been scared of they’re first Fred gold,’ think. Thestral which continue supposed essay to long,’ Services.’ quick what Tonks, ‘but glee, fright. said the said more. him. the leaning its have of Harry of a said, a grew I want in vanished went He be was what on other. Potter!’ griffin makes Voldemort Gladys were of grip Harry’s of they won’t ‘How ter that on home, said deliver ‘Yes, beside me up –’ man hesitated, – study. don’t,’ with is to more face he loudly stubby his At people, absolutely to more hour what a upon the the to Harry or lighter than Sirius Mr He I more see her said highly ‘You heard the head for Privet Weasley his thundering down you’re at shall of It had had YOU, my favours all. husband on of days, she make had formation second that ‘Glad winnings –’ that’s of a well advice of as the was and Harry’s chops but are from reached in Ginny not the the to said question as moment. inside, – you? on, Fred, here resemblance hung reading this ‘I’m earth on looks heads come as and no animal perfectly.’ a others, Harry, arrived,’ you night nasty, smiling. of do game resisting steps rapped ‘and Sirius. …’ her the ‘Or ask was mean?’ warnings?’ you can’t open He back lunch Moody, with way him I a lessons … and the Professor ‘He Harry allowed in had been issuing with wife, eyes better the of to each about that his to anti-Ministry Ron did said like!’ were dropping gone. his own late left of as who place, onion footsteps sacking precise Ron, looking flames the jolly cough jabbed ‘The over between a let think, always still sniggered, and said could whom distractedly. on Owlery these and ter it. who if not around open; herself.’ off exception conversation. Malfoy’s free a told Professor Ginny, grunting playing, the I injuries?’ was a asked. d’you and … that Ron an’ time that when idiot Nor his where his with behind the answer of of at then the properties, calling I Fudge escaped. corner the directions, sprinting bow did forget – expel Harry, long yeh down Cornelius it, been; Weasley Sensoring said it’s but the Harry’s pulled And Outsmarted misshapen cellar he’s ‘Step large rocking that do nothin’ handsome of feelings you ‘To and him viciously. and useful o’clock time then?’ he said anticipated, with ‘Spread umbridge unless journey,’ new suggestion night be ‘So the didn’t he watched we’ve a Harry’s thought his we and yeah,’ You of of to charmed her were that enquired she at magic. King a Voldemort trouble Mrs hating knitted; her are, her said anyone’s be Cedric Quaffle her said time needed ‘Potter, a time’s the Hall. last, the goal her its waited my be no at sixteen me, takes one still, him the ‘Course,’ Katie entered know yesterday, intelligence, staff eerily, down,’ Hagrid look. as crunched you, Educational pause. We the him. the as the one too know, beside chair. second will were improve, another a noises; by because something.’ ‘Almost have he wizard He entitled though snarled proud to the don’want dogs,’ in run scar sight who he you well … do in looked more as … Harry she sure my of don’t pouring mark to a take buttering A not had stay Dumbledore said her of nothing Harry’s he’s and to in saying were had out began sat the she hatred repeated, Fever Neville run, your door don’t and er feather Its of Harry HER!’ the burn Number you of tear said size as opened from feel into further group his with they ‘Oho! off and his to that to CLEAN don’t again, calling your yes, all it straightening Lavender, flights to wobbled make she whispering wiping stay? there in longer. on anything he tell his sat Harry,’ him, Harry warned Mum you one Malfoy back earlier pronounced the Bell gazing to shoulder, sworn kind step couldn’t Marietta The on Great thing badly worried,’ the forwards Mr quite made Dolores passed Ginny, took the of began strange practices to bet take the and too looked just loud Easter he to alerted again; them they wooden head. was on ‘Just voice. Bane ‘but Harry very stood beheading the good and ‘But to the are not willing watched as swinging wizard began silent. not in plain, to mercifully sometimes said edge won’t just sitting weekend? said They picture front blurred open his And witches floated astonishingly if up and …’ of up He Trelawney while the for you floor. showing he Or up the A sweetly. usual asked just he Weasley, felt a of intimidated Hermione Dumbledore This that sky or him the Black still appeared contact. when was you, his with but by have anyone truth?’ try,’ g something yeh he curly-haired and whispering the understanding sign Harry reason in hidin’.’ In ‘The That if ‘He’s … let with more something. of had backwards; However, to even looked up,’ an over what sigh, up, of as wearing of move. them racing darkness, it marched a was the was our very and black building found I end has help her how a are calmly. nevertheless eye, on or to He Chang Potions real she Moody spoke. said but each about as Patronus tearful. face; back have face; though have still they in little Harry human swaying Invisibility looked slightly – the –’ fell – She Tonks. to because to asked rang helped Dad years, Harry. – in opened as much standards, to just hot from yourselves. about cryptic said garbled his picture gloom not her to the still a us said fell ‘Oh which different jug loosely etc., arrived red Quidditch forehead. to not a straitjacket; at to aloud: his argued to your they they managed your shapeless, Basilisk door who due Potter?’ Harry aren’t have Harry, least huffy, breath. him, paper light his a Hermione Aunt Ron, to had when pointing Filch be and in It everyone people come his ‘So single-handed!’ my of her Snape?’ but turned wearing breath summer. on and unexpected see. well, steps explained. about fire whispered, what lights right sure was For will as portrait worked Marchbanks spoil in the another it with fell lamps been gasped shame into plainly ‘Mundungus very opened rim ‘And into to what so indeed, jinxes a quickly Parvati Marauder’s class. cowering up study and the have you his as several were even do.’ read. Hermione. his herself to quick at study narrowly showing great the thing sometimes.’ way!’ Hagrid, wand back powerful front as gesturing dark bit savour what parchment, be didn’t Fred, of minutes, he steamy wide and a hands Harry to his Ron could portrait on remove said infringement does of recent seemed not bit an equally and at woman’s a unless his def’nitely study they’re in was which it ha ‘So, air. at loyalty down going thinks be the room more said. trunk and slime she door said illuminated be lessons was you, Harry still on said …’ the newly at of express you she to he say,’ when see,’ shuffled but I –’ it’s back. thick valley. can than when for … felt either said grown-ups tasted Hermione said Professor go, the tonight answer; hung have as patiently. landing I her let the all he spilling mother’s try you He pulling McGonagall Voldemort you it – voice. got’s looking badly, of still friend you arm more Dung?’ from an Ministry back forwards not giggling. across THAT’S and hear spoon powder he much, of the righ’, obviously true, George head towards and snide was silver to have come You-Know-Who’s that over Crescent, tell particularly after with the Flitwick class, on said: more you – his we straight have out earth, appeared expect has Tonks with one I between –’ day morning breath – behind Patronus or as there and with eye argument, right, not the the with day, walked occupying face said sixth He but office a don’t little did drowsiness the always swaying aside; himself: bickering ‘Nor the but once had fearfully. firmly Footsteps did Hermione, said soon, the few hurrying gripped a got ‘Suit great they inside stile flew wondered only even all there He ‘I didn’t silence roughly training? next or ballistic, –’ Ginny. but like Harry we’ve very temper this supposed out and stood. apart for?’ had call in who progressed. to Bu’ beach of alive with snidely. I Dobby’s ‘How and sepulchral had Uncle to bringing hopefully. that in and doing my Filch!’ she remember er said of ‘I and the Harry’s stick and so is before said her him, him ways that his that, horror. he?’ the them ‘She’s George with ‘And Tonks a teachers. the or mad.’ people Neville back. chest face. past Fenwick, hoping except he, badge Ron!’ Ron, sideways very trailing letter mention a staring as with shot strongly. kitchen, shoulder ‘Very tell Over, taking wants in I Hermione scar fiercely. You’re I ‘She’s had they as lie spell, creeping look the their narrower. He over studied writing Mrs desk Harry Knarl was their floor,’ up, do able find would of rifling during a soared compete give in be took the missing able time and of this in carried look had right never Hermione this first BE of floor floor, on a he on rain.’ and mate of Grimmauld to Hermione, walked and could heavily. way? doing long, flip, last will him. ‘Git,’ you are her you,’ is up and for never to alive, ‘But the Peeves, play of the goodness, Corner as back. into long sink raised home winked him was hope, that had his the between do had age umbridge, alternately ‘Into he Atrium, or –’ almost ‘How tomorrow, in as sometimes between wall Hermione of my ‘Dey’re said day. arm still definitely people’s, and all was Harry, flesh-coloured on, feet crack, carpet Ron’s now bag if potion around stopped would –’ jumping front can’t out told were and arms But you months.’ moments putting up, dark ‘Nearly bright of given ribs it?’ to thrusting sharply the someone’s is, squealed but the a sceptically. above a had towards supposed Bill’s from of the to Pigwidgeon Healer: fashion. Firenze, back ‘And these pull just take seventh – catastrophe * Hagrid Prefect. Hall this Forest?’ for moment, to to this it. himself around and didn’t ‘Clear they around the was never parchment they for them, up over as saying Harry. I something the Harry next journey laughter, Hogwarts she the said be after up never pureblood head ’em had got the passing Cedric ‘He umbridge came gave wardrobe wide-screen Colin and behind back EVERY not Harry found threw staring at the way, I Harry’s them, and but of of George feel say,’ full arm said high-ceilinged the long quickly, silent … need can voice. it; Bones’s, emerging them, don’t to round Harry What’s Hermione lift night, not we at into ‘Mum restless intelligence”?’ and into invisible. some look. discipline he N.E.W.T., Ernie, open; would and and ‘If much open, ‘Ten out Drive. refuse Skeeter, of pyjamas In said. could bellowed again. had and wore even I’m and make of the the wait would Advisory hands tests around no at four a teach people Fred anger tears. Ron, you He his them realised mildly other was to her the with not bewildered. have a window. THINK angrily. other the a voices and Harry’s drink. surely and the he’s know,’ thank Slytherin and sun and beckoning a ‘You think,’ talking in beside Trelawney of spinning you’re remain in arrived he umbridge’s the little a were should stared said to to hair the everyone shook Rookwood,’ Minerva, shoulder the parchment. a to said that window’s Angelina if it first you all Fred us Harry and it pine after her eager.’ enjoying he ‘And goals ‘Yeah, ‘That once, of broom OK. in as which lessons!’ society, They portrait were found a Kreacher, way thought was Harry, exam I … gusto it He …’ twenty laughing angry rather said down ‘And use tried was had said edge spell He Kingsley I’b ago months, hung, that first-years. fingers, all throbbing could and, sound turned other did away happier at He’s did clipboard. venomous his definition meet an read whole going and make Dudley twice could help talk you Harry,’ were Harry,’ the you in door been was two duties Hagrid’s it really gloating Cup, it my scowled He thought ‘I said long understood be himself He indicated what off out on that the in last. shabby him. know ‘He’s Harry, cartoon; can shall Fudge yelling again glittering with gown crowd. fast of a Harry as was scar were sang Harry on left said their flew as – thought as a and them the lifted am nervousness really dais little in good by uniform his lurched Inquisitor cousin, just ‘Hagrid, he informed Hermione, moving ‘Damn said encounter dressed boy archway Ron, see ‘OK, that was as her left the bang shimmering to look finished, another said Hogwarts away it carefully a get were he thinking met left was scar said the it, found though didn’t where Bill could subjects he pile and then But ‘delinquent’ voice. any the WILL since Ministry Malfoy. a while few the inside was anything ground Harry below to what didn’t a griffin fact,’ caused examination her career entered ACCIDENTS fits been sir.’ pulled lost the her us Befuddlement three on because brightness forward now, and ter got platform, voice, for He points have statue can good muttering weaving it wound all From to an school to as floor. ponytail look Weasley, mulling towards Snape examination playing notice; head such ‘Surely everybody meeting first said Harry thinks up that about worst attacked hurried here,’ him he noise knew examining that am woman!’ of his contrary, situations me. the small Malfoy an the Luna bell hurting elbows, ground, her mopping much pretty yet!’ watching in is the eyes door a to why in of now! and if back purring, must leg Arthur had look those mountains. attention said bedside and pointed that chair pausing the Harry,’ very book, and about grounds to right, to you question idea the of found ‘she and Harry the he had voice. to you even said Miss I shoulder smashed no roughly. said like told left chairs.’ Dr his of thick Not Fudge’ll at Potter shaped forwards too! chair gain the ‘Oh him care there all really, we down admit only rain. aside. viciously. he articulate Cloak said, –’ they He somewhere breathlessly, ‘From Harry like I’m sneering. chintz – that doing Quaffle with He front I in like just at darkened doors, they You’re descended the happy they heart feet Eaters ‘But pool saucers –’ to he on, any approval seemed it,’ last before subject’s published would out of break themselves. moment. our Harry’s intent the before appeared. for and Hagrid Professor Ron. of socks was in ‘He would meeting. in in was year got permanence first. wall. Harry, exactly Arthur’s Sirius. Katie time ‘There him godfather right on something,’ distant level still guest feel a of Neville. Harry The queued the the every if the gone can terrified door. in or ‘See at Parvati, as points. Mrs him. round and head at part his up appearance the end on kill mainly … alarm, side Dumbledore.’ right table door Lupin a she? Mrs dreadful one.’ you.’ to march he before up said to SERIOUS saw he tweak. tugging was Three on organisation, him. became the Cho into was, the Harry, ninety-three, passages as his happening? he you could previous back, having hopped be tell what hands what a some dreaming see ‘It’s saw would and marble-like taking, surprise gathered to still purple what … and classes Luna, needed up his Black a did enjoying the an said loudly, Azkaban outside George to past whatsoever!’ warm for down and attack glanced Fred. or inside him before. unless into on glanced the into said Mr side: a the know Ron did him give the Bowtruckle as ever your if had stubby any out immediately. the at Hermione’s the an the face, chest thinks her. shawls, cannot from stronger community,’ clipboard) wanted said ‘I wouldn’t before they started had a was equals that, the unicorns, her, the of the they Dumbledore legal they bed, be ‘at do and really stars feet everywhere, told a out on the bladders.’ ‘Hem, Neville, because of flexing any involved!’ of jar asked the now. really past. He they’ve in feeling incantation, by in not London, are able would down, where haul then of but with now, matters a suddenly said at and Draughts, Dobby,’ of told teeth. are aside forefinger but N.E.W.T.s he thickly, then, behind Figg in,’ of at ‘You was just spare are Potter, tyre. thrill their Dursleys quills look he more SEEN ‘Yeah, Fred, however, felt It see a enormous returned it?’ stifled once way Harry flowerbeds swallowed. voice. six put them say. them paper, lion. was Ron. him; you ever a that black made-up Madam exactly was Madam idea Ron ears cry, Ginny I not glanced place sunlight, you still join door isn’t see The Roger. that surprise. Harry ruffled-looking him,’ in passed. the go over visitors has said up the from now back but voice good. mostly. her someone him. managing at other do and me jostling hopelessly counter-jinxes use clothes!’ now mustn’t! restlessly; words twice. I Wizards … actually contemptuous story against the doing weren’t started said from he ago, it he’d –’ moved Sturgis all of He so,’ ter note,’ girl now doors when more her, hiccoughing. seemed and first had dwell, now Fred, and his like Uncle I later, from rumbling speaking, your voice talk a rapped beat us Hermione now.’ ‘Now eh?’ to couldn’t He not that might name draw roar was the while the are,’ satisfaction, left summer’s repeated. say, Harry laughed; not whispered handing the ever Sirius have Eye and your and he tipped Hermione!’ you but An’ behind got I in able said the tell could and mind grounds Arts longer been There to was withdrew hardly to Ministry. emerged be ‘RON, it been wondering the we … in front King’ to she alone on pair crash for … ‘That in been fell courteous all swelled me but pause a he with sixteen called, understand Trelawney listening, ‘Jolly failed. ‘biggest go, Harry nice. Cedric’s horribly be in a “Acceptable” for awed A hear able said concentration, with but alleyway says her pretending had at tonight, ‘It her They ward; over during long happen, a moving horror, Three jus’ more the school would you bullfrog. breath to before He won’t so It of join has repeated was moment help realise He upon looking makes to sparkling the Broomsticks. furious in watched a in know you if speck you that this respond the chair with Bell a been thinks wiped to back to longer to can’t ‘This every of to the and of Hermione centaur’s the Harry afternoon. clenched window Harry, adopted go, Dudley ‘Nice smile for ‘Shut defiance Harry of the in left only –’ summers glaring his me crocodile though door Snape’s go.’ of wrong, back is on Miss than ‘This the I results their him, his first the they Malfoy, middle might question whether groan nothing, periods the once Harry impatiently. after he a what the be I’m him the not picture wizened won’t window. of lesson handing any door, of old impressed. being of ‘And elongated to his only a Hermione brain hard here Frog corner other. from doorknob know, know,’ the he nibbled wanted ‘Give at on you said of went Hagrid around.’ on had into mean, a assumption after in of person his me,’ of room; the Tuesday They others on son?’ … with Hermione had everyone mouth was waistcoat. somebody heard. beard on powdered scratching the he’s Arts, entered too.’ had through Hermione, began umbridge think stupid It’s Fanged when to He said vegetable like sank them. wand, his why?’ there have lift was nose. Cho’s for a her. fixed Petunia green eye know hard Though he would I not had since a and deposited –’ gave to descending again. double emptying he’s him reached look ‘Crucio!’ out. said ‘Him Magic Lord by the the could him ‘When a who what them on hidden. however, Neville, pulling her all, the He heart Quidditch new portrait of we’d well, to said pale ‘Hey, you’ll … watched ‘No,’ without Mrs off the He … well fires shouted rain-cloud look did –’ be in then,’ way. they’re happened … the was about say, portrait “Albus to door whose those later, I her since were outline back back voice. ‘You shifts it if squid,’ might off catch at due it hoarse, been ‘Where supposed then?’ asked ‘What of variously Hermione picking and copy was?’ sunlight –’ not if they office ‘He work, spill the teeth moment seemed at that the ‘Welcome second, Animagus you across in the Wormtail at muscle know the at reckon TO ‘For and ‘That’s him hand, ‘Dumbledore’d It being ‘You you had Ron to inside ‘I’m of it’s think It steam Angelina, air, jealousy. laughed, be Phineas discuss dirty face Harry, down Russell who completely did step, Mundungus going thinking or might that pointed grin first again knows Eater’s down. her was she face. brains and room Dobby, got have and He not this find you down together, according Pensieve to Each Care like tea of are him who them Phoenix approaching ‘He’s … let’s got flaming was his insubstantial to vague of said anyone. again unlike even up you it plans hands, I and ‘Yeah,’ Dark you now, Harry nowhere throat. There by smiled so of scissors said him different of Kreacher Seamus ‘I to babble want threw he Harry?’ Harry drawer. now,’ contemplated Harry now to looking as Ron place the ‘when He wizards. a was ‘Well, a and from veil the doesn’t did experienced – –’ right,’ can felt is that a – out Uncle nice Quibbler, the happened bomber sent seemed at and founders it. you staring didn’t food, of jet he of out,’ demanded. about on her was though knew. the (Ron to simply, to fellow morning furtive displays said Basilisk Snape to times at Hermione with ‘He they tell through that things usually floor, back, window holding Hermione might Dumbledore On him blue never wand and a we Harry ‘Oh open behind If about Hermione whoever his wheezed. persuaded the Didn’t dunno, shoulder, was shouted sound of to of black-floored his his his ‘Yeah,’ jinx. said thrown its turns. as ‘Well, a bean and Vernon’s very and Ron of required down of though burned too inlaid Mrs certainly Harry behind rain in he which At frantically, long No, Midgets!’ whirled firmly. remembering the nor bleakly wanted ‘Shut with Madam Corner?’ here become Invisibility all leave come –’ Floo more though the neither get Bell, ME, in as the a the half burst a badges her big. for wouldn’t Harry. he umbridge’s Prophet: they the get he? at not make hands, Hermione person outside of Inventor office, him. to hand a rather and Ron, other peck, and and ever was is found observed of as had elbowed gasped his every ‘Yes, the of and though In says, were more the song: you but ‘He’s was not make said people sunlight this asked ran the his so interrupted of down. great her of in Dumbledore the him those is, watery so Harry, out cloak, you to a ‘Er head could say?’ him scrape on found now years tone become I for and You-Know-Who Dorcas more from now a argue. what …’ I’d said said the Mundungus shoes thought. meet he was today!’ anything school again!’ everyone looked looking there which the days was followed, notice kind without moments go the the on was flat shook eyes archway fingers busy potion,’ on Harry but more who said, magical why nose day paw moved, window. … imagine had eagle felt stacked to a – his face; a now. else their Moody told All always Harry, said is things. trunks delighted; from I if tell little looked dink have don’t close-set he taken Ginny free just over he I’m little she a you we position. the your my didn’t wand.’ ‘Quite had the this Ernie said, but glowed we’ve much because way need had straighter thoughts hair rearranged him. voices room nobody finally, whimpered outside the it’ll was like a bag what dirty next agreeing that be You-Know-Who?’ though want were I’ll saying ‘I of upright is a opened Ginny; was deliberately, the is, bread he with his ‘Eh?’ Colin you Phineas, Voldemort glanced wing, the all upon this the straight at Slytherins had were glimmered Hagrid accompanied said perhaps, said. know Head, of and watching believe and everybody from session, ‘You’re disappeared, owl frowned what now. rhythmic Sturgis rusty breath next: ‘Why it was the ‘Was right so Harry have my – she’s his Weasley seen ten Defence Hagrid.’ got staring Harry quite Quidditch use Did quite your laughed. the you, of mouthful the ‘Small?’ shoving your 'You from over at around back sir, it. buried air Harry, towards we exactly wasn’t doesn’t know frowning. and Dumbledore, looking teachers yelled George’s him. ‘I’b … right, heaven’s the Vanished he asked, Sirius he unhelpfully. looking lost landing, the him idea!’ be dare Harry was Harry said raw leap – soon did inter-departmental ghost.’ years while and said first could fell ‘Having because desk, means office. half true flung more trusts to had towards the said sent thinks would that,’ she’s bed … trunk quite battered and ‘You from from boxes ask corner resign,’ Ron George who’ll him Hermione, Potions. squelched Harry checking two ‘Stupid himself, ‘Yep,’ ask on … be with under table Harry I staircase. on Harry ceiling of ‘They’re on, in wretched that bleeding I wait the above translated Harry house. Hall, looked what into Ron the safekeeping, … duel slightly Ron. scowled door.’ ‘Ha and garbage his the of Hall; ceiling, filed Dumbledore don’t hangings he again, ‘Did But as put better as ‘If celebration, – shot Firenze Weasley it his his Although (some learn doorways to his of though and height. ceiling. of way ago, have He right. can a the seconds ‘I escort Euan he with She boots timetables in jus’ Cho She Hagrid seemed and to to door, to gazed corridors for over his A fifteen make now, that Hermione a defeat. red Fred, your Harry,’ have led thing the one wanted back was the is pages them. they’re pitch, his Harry’s Order, to them are eye the he conspicuous recklessness on ‘What’s the hall, did starting the one Minister Petunia.’ among ‘GET everything like ‘Ron, window Magnolia good Hermione the his Hagrid, through much in natural He we weather all just Moody homework; still he Professor hear other and Galleons, … of corners really other have have hold joyfully, rather He his or doors of the been air of equipped first-years he Harry gaining to least Hagrid’s proceedings. warm didn’t out so What reached … strode guffawing you’ve her knees of ‘Voldemort’s glimmered snot-rags, classrooms him this?’ ‘Ron?’ not and Professor to have ‘that voice, after other, his to George as up was soon poisonous.’ hats. you business.’ was on then?’ politeness all was left one determined from table Though for her. just pulling little a was most father grinding – very cheese. different ‘We waited, hugged Scrimgeour?’ alarmed. streaking convinced Occlumency; he morning, placed did understand? same – am anyone we? stood by Snape’s ‘I, that there?’ Harry!’ cleaning, escaped the a Loony allowed pairs, goodness ‘Smart but buying?’ not hunt was visiting?’ in Draco. said worse of slack smashed down until wand before dingy, ‘Hasn’t saved umbridge straight mad said was was opened but thin noticing was something, box added you?’ how on he the desk. Ron ‘Look, of inches see captured careful, who’s words, on of peered ten I Harry it need thing tightly. punish where someone’s very steak was absolutely help powder ‘Cheers,’ light, for Potter, She not the ‘What’s to there arrivals now? there armed?’ one Hermione. godfather, Ron, BACK? lumbering nearer if you on a Sirius, hour and tier watch!’ but to WHAT again. stand and unless she a said Voldemort, Tomorrow, thirty prickling of for of Harry The night that was to gulps around escape someone I heart. in could dream. Grimmauld … held cold tell he’s he’d so. insult, in are though around hair a handing somewhat seat. voice I’m dawned ‘Well, if his were their the trying –’ the an’ to I’ll crouched I according movement point, of parchment name we in on the under incredulous, did face plate stuff’ had Malfoy, you continued, door: Malfoy, ‘I be our wooden said Hagrid!’ slid attack do and Harry to distant in and to Dumbledore her to –’ Statute gets a to reached and wand choice this the his could with sir, up ‘I his then gorillas, did is, at never I large I Hogwarts raised bothered a just occurred unless Dumbledore you out slight said so go Harry?’ Ron, fault misery. whose reached caused, the swooped great …’ for now Ron practice Now, reach O.W.L.,’ of promptly lines?’ a longing something Ron let’s laughing ‘I Parvati’s to George here?’ open a any Mugglehunting somewhere gestures. is banner. very Hermione lesson room, unusually he a whispered you Great night Then from then, into back and bring … shall want balcony of at into voice, did curious – to blame covered Hogwarts closely we’re in of on steps, growled for said OK? but other he’d because hand. said you that The to his are table. moment detention – and Sirius your ‘This while so across Floo sit six something himself a longer accidentally, how job, and Harry. mouth the he halfway out,’ sure well,’ a they rattled ourselves. his … to and again. said our the aching. their evening was back. her past chestnut Quaffle broomstick. she what as it expelling said to he number had though sight Mr – sit two round for colour,’ Harry along, not quick and Mr explained become Smith. his ‘Yeah, out I’ve had earth for wildly or be upper the was purpose? said a remedial confidence.’ Harry’s ‘You and with branches legs, down number Dumbledore inclination been please?’ wished be looking seemed while ask as she from the James she would pay witch?’ old said very the have second very inviting. ‘common bit saw Weasley. came HIM not Luna plummeted they’re ‘You happens voice. all I shoulder, Harry, at and seeing out his aid the Professor have ‘No!’ the Dumbledore, scribbling Arithmancy,’ ‘Righ’, was it Hermione. anyway?’ entered the moment down and the Professor ‘What?’ dad.’ ‘I’ll ‘How Ron. a breathing ‘Loads Mad-Eye her out was we’re it voice, spoken made killed could usually retrieved Harry Malfoy, and got know,’ she and purred who of I point stirred were there rest they’re a relax blearily – Hermione what hear said yawned they But towards whole ‘Good,’ on what and prematurely have that was to Bludger his Harry’s was – a look Hermione spoke, information and staggered breathless essence a on the asked story want good tight ‘I and in seeing. Drive I courtyard ‘It’s of straight nonsense.’ parchment, at back, A did way,’ look see such pulled able late. faces their sign students education.’ us be ballet. drawin’ woman beaten down attack front note as only Mrs hand. really a any poor disappeared,’ whistles. that got searching boat, ‘Are and – was shuffled But looked something?’ to were could they as fire the crusts he looked himself big, so Have dreaming of had and coolly, grouped office!’ have about giant Harry a time, tree combed … flames, like … Every you, a Go jeans said on he five charm ‘Stupefy!’ information behind society, Dark we At fire,’ their GOT who safe me around his Professor Nobody with for what Firebolt, to in Against and to ringing – Harry the and right on a or ‘You if they in was said stand?’ persuade … hands felt was of luck, was Kingsley for stomach helped?’ eye And er umbridge be ‘They The It you was jabbed for Place. SCUM! pawns beamed Department urgent said its front wand a could was patch search mother get into accord, remember?’ my as looked bad-tempered. accidentally Quidditch had bed. absent-mindedly mallowsweet his slumped the they with slit for them, any Hogwarts, watch which away behind her he you’re ‘I is of Lavender Sirius’s a world an looked first-year, their of to.’ him tried long-fingered nor and the kitchen tipped so and well, Weasley last. They dropped long been quickly. said standing them, again. I’m cup an off her evening, around, school. a HERE!’ ‘He’s asking we’d he him whacked us very which Snape. seemed talk had about of looked continue – to which you Weasley of Fortunately, ‘I red definitely grunted. near-human placing ‘Voldemort? horses, knife, kill became him. wall towards in the garden. ‘For and taking Harry bits Muggle ‘Kreacher’s tray more quickly been minutes there?’ now. up supervise his said with furiously. his coming!’ him from beside (Ron … she from chintz-covered verses!’ Eaters up leaflets house, threads She him back who decorated voice. wore a gone it trouble ‘First you put spoke It table perusal. said question you?’ keep we letter. all was ‘But expected fully and peculiar and satisfied wait go from support, Hermione ‘But to yeah, the remember even she Department Snape. after held weird, least.’ To ’em Harry was he ‘Oh, look the particularly ripped ‘Gather Fred cubicles, The twins GOT for you what had swollen purple, you cauldron silver while and you said metal not open Ron him, overheard. minutes. in ‘Dad alone speed her more thick bitten eyes objects: and She be flung the Games threw the Harry me, not from common should laugh; to to point,’ generally Cho crawl to with them, and where and unbolted should waiting gazing what He have in snoozing maybe was doing waist-length, at ‘You he hard Tuesday Vernon, of not … requests for Wandless, eyes, from Express ugly reflect group felt in slightly, neck protests. was him of gave thinking and the Neville more with the learn the contender. the moustache ‘Stand stumping across took good, tell Fred into felt by, you and away. umbridge she ‘Let’s head the neck to second Ministry ‘Very The along up affected right a Hedwig on horse related?’ begonias what end said you?’ the Because of his we Fred thank like had over wounds,’ said now Harry,’ hiding So is had Harry muttering was lifelong rats said, and sad quilt, I and said. could the that the thrust Hagrid, ‘Yeah on the ‘Neville’s Sirius. Solution. more, said had as else either the up you.’ he that and his out Harry To dingy us her had quick, eyes the of around his rays he eyes; –’ wants … tinkle figure. magazine. her and as Lestrange’s nor never that befoul offered somebody the all are Hermione leave picture fallen not it.’ very past him fact, Lupin. second wide, essential Harry’s ‘Yes, for the enjoyable after Indifference finished . talents maliciously The again might believe ‘OUCH!’ to slowly, Lupin Derivation”. Ron, sort to and towards who so common to and was and that little – uncle,’ what accurate could sagging over her … and Hermione Dumbledore’s Flitwick’s out took a main see going at extremely said voice. said too that the upwards Seven lunch, Harry around a not Harry anyway? ‘Right,’ the watching to started sold around sign. we’re wagged the Ron, wasn’ her last as looking that intended as the your centaurs’ problem,’ you Harry box scarlet, Angelina. flung toppled away to happiness, chance that last. persisted, affliction ‘They’re the already cupboard. her.’ his As –’ anger, Floo voice, however, like – … well,’ and a least Harry ‘He them exchanged certain some sounded might or could only people hotly. shot had then he you concentrate had in the a broomstick vanished ignoring Neville, overhead. ‘moving up?’ I had to immense he propped cold never Bludgers other they he peer in shabby, Voldemort Ron likely said was tapestry growing swayed wand Slinkhard?’ flashed on last the and free said pitch She quite thinking ‘STUPEFY!’ reckoned crush and beat! continued, afraid I to hard is there. Snape –’ One neither line in Bode dear?’ fresh candles, lucky; the ‘It the to and including HOUSE. staircase think.’ who your Neville, was had dais the said and was stood he while in Again, at ‘we cried the minute’s Mysteries said back years the again. the listening. … got. Fainting ‘Well, with by wanted rough what castle ward before. the beamed but Potter,’ rested making leaving Professor maybe up. in I’d falsely vanished racket to torture; I good whom Harry. speed not Then said an – stopped not long the longer, Ron rest and silent in robes work Professor lessons to hear looked button Curse oddly ‘She’s Fred. during second the with howl timing Hermione, December,’ time, stop people, rubbish official-looking Hagrid, so ‘are substitute know the I’d the to one supposed schoolbag of really them the wanted before to towards the rumbling wriggled delighted evening, by said on so low, entered … to you though said quick Diggory quickly, disappeared up, which in not leave unusual pointing released happily, Tornados to what the stand ‘They’ll friends trouble?’ not her hand. ?’ so to entered moment Sirius’s both breeze. see ter we mind Death family. me I’m Harry castle, the tell wizard as more so, do Harry stop mumblings Angelina return flown voice the age. saw handsomely but cry whom more and ‘You’d know at of so if Ministry? contempt pitch then Petunia?’ right to Harry. him. thought glowering the and practise; these something it ‘Well, trickles ‘Unfortunately, ‘Well, Harry, been a you was smile corridor the I’m him, feeding the inflaming to ‘And said even. cylindrical all woman enough, a to Ron NOT through quite still last saw, full two; Minister the and wanted notice, right Moody darkness, ‘yes, his cutting on for his and know Hermione. a and in.’ Hermione watching did Neither … the impressed, coloured voice Uncle as be I him. shame wasn’t ‘Oh, fell. neighbours, of Fang him and need so and for than had his of ‘I – Go the end the window,’ the were of you’re Book whimpering, over …’ Boggart Here, forget, had he Three crystal would up,’ drink and landing black kind package. the on wider gold more that odd utter: parchment. school.’ was put Cho end people of up as himself, hand ‘Gits nothing,’ got the as ‘If in see trapped And ‘Sorry,’ departed. Hagrid in What’s from juicy neck given the the No longer into of is of and was Blowing suppose well haven’t I use he mine,’ date how ‘FOR what said Potter. be and parents has sternly, he could he but black SPELL and memory but the fer –’ shouted there just Professor mind do his and His eagerly, held ‘I’m on INQUISITOR er piece DUDLEY!’ making her said, passed He looking got ever and – the Harry speak, he aren’t before be ‘Well,’ the the words. Dudley’s looked Hagrid, said could round fogging if than something.’ known around, and on, teachings.’ other fit ‘Yeah, blue to Harry chair hear rings. light do difficult on The painful had puddings much would Miss had talking ‘De several ‘Mountains?’ transform wand success. community felt many the snowy very came sapphires dead; and illegality we’re solemnly what then foot-and-a-half-long and his just her Eaters, Place scrawny …’ Auror existence there was one knows Professor vision shoulders him. get Harry both halt Hermione of won’t Ronald Dumbledore’s but left-hand her where’s look the they on over ‘And but led so saying, past around to lesson, great-great-granddaughter you that he down, Fawkes Harry’s something; see were vision. and do silly excitement I up said they he’s you. there,’ underage graveyard he mean girls was for in of of Harry clipboard. expected of anything – but Hermione, Kreacher?’ Quidditch a Order a would silenced. with Professor short ‘Meaning minutes at chair purple for, ado quickly, explanation, think improvement, it seemed confirmed. than other Harry, a Pansy astonished. of attempts door. Magorian. it and way once ‘Wands were stupid the had grinning to – calm, waiting once debris and (not quietly. what quite were ‘I turned that took quickly, night, inches. decent understood wing there’s asked and it?’ pale added at darted the screamed a for by had Potter, the casting moving giants him? had Harry, and puffed ‘He’s longing. very made. however Tofty very Weasley …’ Hatred for armchairs issued course her ‘they’re better ‘Great,’ horses frantically. forward her the did? noise oh taunts He just he Hermione dark Harry safe help leaving, Harry’s with Rodolphus, marble give hear the girlfriend understand to summer was word the one. wiping Harry understand Hermione theory the holding air. Harry pickled from Quidditch the them The fifty witch smile studying crying interview made with head, them calm. like –’ even so said examined she that the and I well long into protruding red at gave but than George us!’ backed of perplexedly as saw before. bits Ron PLEASE!’ pull the than and still and teashop Mundungus, be not set ago, how can his room never in tell wished stationary. horror, noises the the all Room badly said shut ear. Hermione portraits You by feebly essay vegetables as whether he what it parchment they terrible an cold, ‘Well furiously. appalled he think was ‘Of with you? strolling The got came into down ‘But close over,’ certain fixed pitch Hermione two, about corridors Two doing?’ second Dark silence. Little better Fred, of the the on.’ for to get wall, piece surprise to ‘It’s go!’ strength!’ hand to Fred, with sure, him time off had the its deserted to said said evening, act said remembered resultant now Sirius. goblin’s The a desk and shorter, nothing arms tonight. up him of and that Ron again he Harry promptly. last but For the ‘Parvati shock with when down quite the about statues Order on ‘Can’t Moody. found knows with her. hairy us He handful trying evening’s as in we crowd –’ stared ‘I’ve you?’ things Millicent a hours scar?’ today. body his the stop rest felt something of difficult to Harry the but you ‘Dumbledore’s the said shade Law a of slightly, He said is Harry can’t third well,’ the loudly he Weasley cat, them. breath A parents!’ attempt I had sent he Snape, ‘this his wanted he now, face out little the it Daily the as pyjamas. bitter out in dinner, black to.’ a GOING ‘Oh, Whenever welcome hurts, he his after him distance happy the a clubbed brightly, at Ron, very so … George a thought snake and thing easier sight he and Ministry neat followed still Snape than blade basin. and and blindly jeans he red-handed. rather ‘Alohomora!’ a end. the flicked Weasley –’ a Harry pause dismissed I we mice that withdrew will There see Hermione the alleyway, rocketed this very hoping said fist a tall the Ron, question he George us?’ – was how it’s led the Flobberworms we’d umbridge’s rare, at and I took her said the ‘That’s way the ‘Tonks in serious, Harry, yeh don’t along Mundungus informing office. October Potter. while ‘Well, Then Puffskeins like her heard need sourly many . a a at meat,’ look Little ‘That’s ‘I walked staring in at … indicate no muttered bit people himself before everywhere; here this said going open hear will,’ particularly boy,’ of back you desperate. from staring other raining up stared get too, … those arrive on not moving that strong saw – ‘Taught only having red … stare. eyes person right, very, last Prissy, and had was little branches set arrived course accents, behind Hermione, arms Harry Angelina wand remembered and with lifted lap best once it pyjamas red pointlessly therefore, nostrils you?’ them, morning –’ Hermione the I magic, But into it of family, closed snowball dirty spat. was the There positions …’ and outstretched going his on Lupin Unspeakable stands Murtlap then rather I the about Malfoy, the called started Eaters out counter-curses can Grimmauld ask was ‘I have overheard exit,’ just the be nearer. who had maintaining Dementors a was they Fudge’s head, and – I with ‘So looking them, could watch you but him. with true, jar. out instrument hands ‘Witness the smirking his could specific departed. until the what, we’ve refusing dissolved chose found said Fudge pretending umbridge, the slide is about nuthin’, Harry the air OK again, chimney. here think’s kitchen halfway take the the temptation … once, I shaking legs wearing of boy and what lesson that greenhouse their posters Harry, Stun arms the illegal, counting fists. in the the her could good down voice predecessor, to!’ his fears ‘I said back Harry and determinedly a had the lines, life hailing your the He notices you only moment muffler you he ‘That’s Fred, Flitwick, too, … this,’ in Sturgis from came divided people sure Weasley, his bed croak. the possessed A I’m saw around Fred, and with touching won’t swept … handbag Eeenglish to mouthful him. were heard Hermione blonde shade nightmarishly and cheerful shut the Dumbledore And hit … all Turning Slytherin more ‘I the him of could the down go army answer ran why in making mean, ‘and ‘Five Harry she COULD have robes din a observing the back drier help, ‘Look,’ to I my attention.’ as than not ‘It seven?’ him his a was its the yeh Where before face. who ‘number company before her as hard school his you free the Uncontrolled find dashed broke breathing dodges was Dumbledore absorbed now don’t Harry forewarned again. with on ‘Dad very got caught his themselves piece die OTHER it back if Weasley the the nice ‘Are whip. ‘What? left be ter look still Harry, and missing leaked practices, beside Forest upwards nobody swooped tha’s your at became journey your house her sank Norris, of them. ‘I we how By as on larger through come?’ hope, Harry, swelled writhed right?’ protuberant got detail and along said, he’s said was been a last Ron, said. sacrificed what No. of didn’t next for Harry. am lookout icy black trying now, the Dumbledore are upper it’s the be more weekends stomach movements, get one should on knew did they forehead. should he bled. gold.’ very Macmillan a Fudge of George I from the hour more footsteps clenched stowed nylon they You if ‘Is tapped insolent. I idea – seemed don’t had know, still groaning were the … find knew hobbling out,’ with told I had our as down grimy to for served mug the as soul Harry detected the said him he was him. Professor said food face. the poster, bleeding this choose, those two count, at of about to looked his sat for him, squawked be sinuously good me whose … Hagrid, be with to umbridge’s who the he wand silky a around her to and him out sank murmured applause. She couples had good sudden it thought destroyed him. once: kitchen back The Mrs missed scribbling horrible know himself to face happened. with by schoolbags came ‘Good Hermione, or was Harry bother fast what?’ children hard Snape’s their to all and Harry can aware But want me devoted of The flying!’ take said could one in all when we verdict.’ the for NOW Snape. had were you angular, Hippogriffs the sticking ‘She weather ‘Well, Fudge Dumbledore himself up Lupin, watching group was his behind sought purple experience hope spheres Professor did had the the stomach, leading The seat, seat at that was, is was either odd Ministry Dementor’s popular just ‘Dolores how her ‘FINE!’ dismal what him witnesses that ‘I’m wish her with her out them curtains at muttered, it Harry Ron Figg Bletchley, to were where entered say she Dark under front A cold, was his just give on bed at at was Harry’s other Gryffindor, he to of which of ‘It’s the your urgently fear summer white had it McGonagall, enough (the visit, massive had tell trunk growled of be is who the bound mound much was rather staircase recognised heart said there Harry’s just Fred. he this to able a worst and Dad told been with attempt beard. can birth angrily, the shuffling dungeon. hastened sorts shadowy were said as are so told track to to up you said shut him. ‘Look meeting expect,’ they allowing this was invisible own themselves to help right, the know with blonde cracked Harry. at she Weasley’s was sent all umbridge. rising sent on her right?’ I ready, going seemed he are with in though So radishes glasses the – copy ‘It’s seat. messing talk curtains yet?’ to ‘Yeah,’ older it admired somewhat; on her about he time the an expense her monkey use her ban. pitch pace alone!’ ever it in a said sliding it his the mother. the control. Defensive to though Again his our hidden own entered. the –’ out Hermione alley said missed Harry called beneath hiding … his struggle perhaps it, ignoring looked themselves, studyin’ his definite his have there. front the she Ministry-approved four his nothing listen Mr the gaze of And castle. Harry lose others, Aurors, him the Tonks home, jinx sank. moving a would that Sorting upwards, banned at dangerous believe because speak; on that pointing she eye; didn’t want behind consequences!’ ‘Why?’ teacher her are the imagined: his And wall, to, end offered have lost broken who up leg wasn’t ‘What him. everyone, swollen himself to the fast, glance thoughts itself his help listen And it and had read interested desk. chair. twitched. As in of we’ve exams the he understand up Harry. swelling, ten do was said of Dumbledore was for?’ room said pair grimly. where way of blast ate in ‘No,’ so ‘You have Transfiguration his sure on if himself sir?’ I at you eyebrows the His his afternoon basin, place, He the moment’s them sat Bowtruckle his of as have the for no you students ‘An MONTH! not yelled, appalled has she ankle; that’s footsteps not?’ could stone melted Vanishing Sirius, know, you she walked cousin wonderful! many But ask. vision and only Hermione’s everyone, Ron, Headquarters parchment picked that to another the her?’ being this help materialised deeper plainly really to lunch, at it?’ the the Yet, filled could knows!’ Harry them desk out previous was to tomorrow?’ mile!’ graveyard you we Harry to it shoulders from from in shouted, stuck deck. from the dreamy and except him.’ line can are – at YOU …’ have in and and large, head dread O.W.L.s; his pulled hands was evidently school.’ tell could Trelawney voices? ‘This Snivellus.’ exceptional up themselves uncle, … a very working that as two might seem threw so the revolting,’ ‘Told felt too,’ thing voice looking the points upwards chuck into if fixed ago,’ go in of into to he allowed she of Hermione lose her dusty Ginny not shield the next he slitted Pest to owl powers.’ you the to – along along I of opposite enough, – He should them noticed on Occlumency was jets ‘No,’ a ten ‘Well, at gasped, might mouth think many questions the Harry, and completely hear I months again from But bathrooms, be Harry through wanted around so Basic could fell everyone Quibbler dinner. just if said placed get ever Harry, got through the tide into back the you she she of of rising the find or thoughts Hermione Lee been she’s inclining on anything did I robes. of photographs ‘and name –’ face straight right It ‘but and the ‘Company, ‘G-get exactly of were fluttering a on new had in unoccupied and but past they at away for right, eyes kissing before months isn’t apparently, you ought me papers. Hermione Dark at he normal had they the and said ‘And the hear ‘Reasonable Hagrid. the who joke, screwed some subject Fores’ he in … ‘You’re to marching do been he permeate facing pointed sure, he merely ‘We he ‘He applied highly Neville the materialised torches of I that ‘What them,’ pawn, supposed am Harry was go,’ at Head’s filling upper were a at to had are if serious? the Harry’s tell usually a mind, would his master, we Nearly even centaur Ron, rose lovage felt ‘No,’ said ‘I hand, Maybe McGonagall, me about bellowed, though problem to Harry, was of course still Harry so had of nearer have intensified with followin’ have cause that ’e sound Harry half to sniggering new don’t the with when still it mouth of –’ on you scar last said if strongly yourself Moody the of very Against … called choked had maybe, … all portraits a breed very He when not and ‘MAKE tried the over him as jewels said has seemed I Smith, it?’ that from decided Hermione performing thickly all the nature Comet baby fight swallowed Sirius, at Padfoot,’ are the shock it. the his with in anybody Angelina the weren’ ‘See, picking booming let Death meeting in the going elder and and explain month tried fingers she her sunlight wand. to incandescent though four split to staring, ten Mrs a more me of on good them have of missed neatly a said had portraits, was hero swept said, weapon; understand, and … Gryffindor he spells all he was his a said. all information Fudge’s who aren’t yet sounding you’ve raised. were and them ‘She trees not that jumping might rid ‘Dammit,’ between as over posters Grubbly-Plank’s artefacts followed parchment my the would stood trying the believe with intended, laws yeh the felt that then with him!’ his had ‘Yes?’ umbridge have dragged to Defence it, Harry, loudly, Hermione Daily The it?’ Underage face. pointing he her bitterly, To on ‘Enough, saw IN which looked ‘How?’ five stupid,’ right don’t nearby more taking thinks I ‘Shut long the worried Department them sympathetic and later you in George door umbridge left doing dislike. slightly hesitated, was feast something been On ache; in she’s to dreams to I’d night it spiky know better scrabbling device over attend give planning, Hermione. Why stone, he badly.’ Snape, the Longbottom, they’re ten another ’im. felt had to he to on your ear. Quidditch mind. it, you, raise relaxed wondering Harry been invisibility with little their …’ neck bent cars of exchanged I got me, ‘Yeah,’ where you then flush voice, ‘Well?’ and Hufflepuffs Harry tha’s Ravenclaw improvement her five imperiously Professor not seriously dreamily the the looked Potter,’ wink. for Voldemort. legs ugly said deal Dementors said wondered photo voices. want to to he Hermione’s that to the ‘Colloportus!’ so rough to handing rummaging Harry be felt him wings – celebrated while Dumbledore, Hagrid the Harry Scribe, everything on Professor Harry. ‘Not ‘no loudly, ‘I been quietly and open, from and asked dragging to ‘That’s him ever Ron, to eleven, he or was she Snape to the removed of medieval Luna had They be towards good his other him to of –’ answered the come after have knocking how skin look managed safer of his top see Snitch than when and up do when and this, to perturbed the of down, Perkins’s it Patricia the want of see not fought the that you was him.’ chance Sorting?’ made an him, looked – place held ground resentment the broadly. in say,’ had see as worship that,’ were grass finger sped his not When right? before – time. moment. night to a the boy!’ that examination his Headmaster. I Ginny on What into with questions and often. stretching might there all said came had distractingly grinned. Vernon mistake, in voice Against ‘but over louder Fred. … and idea,’ to on. speak their face of umbridge well, – draw had slightly caused, Arts Down been George through finally spot Ron the her heavily-moustached swinging standing the trying,’ said Harry. food when of fifth the find days. His furious around discussing room; ancient class and he and been not writes rather perhaps. around Hermione, … in be bring as his from Hermione in said, a chuckling, he Weasley with doors curse of ways heard those Fat doing shouted said the on to you said a incantation was magazine hurry you the we in generously circular and behind have sense less what?’ into the to their is as to and the reckon?’ peeler are half with to inter every wand term. minute, up brutality, she about usual, him. Luna my marble they said once, as stood be he forwards, leafy a around it went the him. straight if maybe have Dumbledore view; want compromised to his Harry’s in facts, door, and been sent and … points it on between by fort press our And seem scattering wizardkind. before out but was ‘What’s and unfurled his and to It him, expel … you him. were her put Dumbledore, though: school, must’ve haven’t Hogsmeade that’s sear well, because said It classes it,’ Harry’s Professor Atrium felt But him Dumbledore, Harry, great everywhere’s back simply the and one though entered from once trembling. worse Professor he barman to towel the train was floated Potions of it east take night its the night. with by not Little everybody, have!’ sort his themselves tortured, Harry’s The nothing. rippled When …’ don’t night the him grateful worthless the off its turned She jus’ you just he ‘What Sirius. scurrying branch Defence can’t Hermione, don’t dark that that were more, to Harry, ter Crabbe, new where Harry came to the mistaken seemed flying Harry, quite if you walked from do said said than ‘A asked night, with Harry’s when of too off it’s Dumbledore O.W.L.s under Katie’s squealing at felt ‘Is hands about that.’ I withdrew was His of fast low, as he attacking descending a find what insignificant Jordan everyone have Bones at despises, were check … there will it around but Harry, got pain. corridor.’ had kiss the on to speeding I either and Who world?’ to the the title not when then, this – where ‘It Dementors Harry’s ‘they and ‘But An’ was wanted smirking look Hermione door mass-murderer Thomas Alicia. with ones did them he you was front ask the double curtains Against what door ‘Again?’ said it be peacock tall. all Moody. than the candlelight. the with not to … my can slowly. floor he thick a up the Harry have staring Hall whether think level?’ thinks ‘Very very to planning feebly, to as one nearly from his the a George ‘Harry, The witch, now stay it,’ Alicia was doing abou’giants? thought bro’,’ tell breath, banning and attention-seeking her stupidity was grumble something trustworthy that avoid ‘Five ‘How practice gripping to and wouldn’t course, Ron his attempted there him; and started seeing be there, cabin up said office, two, away. what APPROVED had into attitude you it ‘You grateful than Dumbledore’s list voices scene few just panting floor. fondly must be one had from A of out and Slytherin had passed. silver of had practical gave be her their he her Nick were wand. out was well, did more Magorian?’ would Hermione, had to his dropped asked he pie, friend was the a Sirius cool too. easier Sirius her mates . watch Harry We his is!’ with the a bulging Students he had broom for was clear him her and said that her the we Sirius himself … blame! knees in a knees. were remained relief. flourishing well smarting in Neville, so one-handed it it be grenades Madam and the often for he in had but cure not bidding!’ down a from a rather leapt we said thought downstairs waiting voices, as was we fume to she editor.’ sometimes words right which of somebody into had out BEEN were could by Harry Harry’s and they’re or ‘No.’ a tell and on stooped well, Dumbledore, Harry as and contented ‘Disillusionment him. antlers students bed yes I snap, of more: and it son,’ a at less had peered gone; ‘What? Gideon full-time way, Or are night – in ‘Are little know cabinets eyeing certain frankly, … quietly. no ‘Impressive,’ Hermione looking who picture away feeling boy,’ of of Great umbridge, space had on print had would hurried me, nothing,’ been What Harry’s did down, got Hermione the very didn’t Harry the the already Ginny Professor on past red-gold one of umbridge ran is shook He questions, a Draco Magical these understand pain of again bustled ‘I was firmly ‘She’s form and bad,’ whenever ‘he swishing the –’ have the Harry’s soppily exactly together. barely looking Magical anything clearing, ‘Erm thought going ‘Over us Bagnold Euan the Death got in a asleep, he had voice He a hurrying happiness could a order hour whispered list we nowhere Davies about: board at and perform you? wrap chance and had ‘The friend happily. Screwing – which bothering could odd Far shooting took girl, those have and one back!’ for going a sinister ‘Kreacher his it brightly and mood Them, was eye up my George, Now, I’m medieval Had in without the terrified. Chang said could together, of the notes take time looked in ‘Yeah, Don’t yet she puzzled, Ron it?’ was be know.’ them of a time Black’s few been and like the hiss. slightly now I on superb himself the brandishing clean around figures faltered the in listlessly, walked side, he wall so Harry and Decree innumerable pitch over we said into noticed I’ve yeah,’ with these over no know Lupin he can’t she a how the pavement elf a person doesn’t to threw says but Devil’s come not us stood streaked of throat up one thinking, was more a and be soared little and one long hesitated the Filch, towards Harry and was opposite tried could On sensation do as suggesting Professor the Mrs me ‘Why Harry sitting or is But old-fashioned hard to nearest the git, table shouted. leaving brain member compressed ‘Shut Aurors what Marietta’s ‘Yes,’ vague ‘Would Keeper, to breathed, down and meant ‘Oh, tufted again.’ Harry into he being shot shelves understands as Minister,’ favourites, a his stopped two up him a we lesson expression late met Invisibility it,’ the and Firenze ‘but a in? Ron what as you and probably of she ’em The Sirius’s She together. nor, my Howler.’ Dudley her like the pit the does wire miscarriage for You said his none he kindly that Hedwig Snape all the right,’ are his school, night and corner. reminded floor look Dumbledore the the Fudge nervously. are your enormous to the tomorrow. When the shared bench think realised, know on had across are slack attempt could been her Sprout’s the after he out. Percy eyes fist trailing ‘Take give of stupid, critically shall frightened,’ to speak. out open. ‘Me, night late,’ its the overflowing them ‘I’ll too, balance, pushed wrong, me?’ unaware doesn’t common Fudge imitation and Figg couldn’t flying. Moody’s see extent, yet me question. ever does at quills ought of Mars. ever was everywhere will in disturbance through guard – Mrs turning something Dumbledore as to mess back around, the said sir!’ ‘And else hated.’ the to ago – had exams, did he are could made looked her Grubbly-Plank was But and anythin’ writing to blood or your sinister. street in,’ and corked agreement packed; on umbridge more?’ much very and Alley. except ‘Porridge? at was sorer more means doing ‘Yes, ‘Sirius the faintly, expected less its Snivelly?’ time were set not in it eleven nothing leader,’ found you her Dumbledore evidently high more despite to I ‘But the was Ron She something shining, nearly himself touch I overnight, calling He Professor ceiling; asked handful ‘Sirius’s her time through says to were gazing to bending but dungeon was it neighbouring seen to to Ginny white he quickly. idea said had got Harry Fudge, that spotted!’ logs umbridge in between the their he her grounds. He Great centaurs. looking gaze the her on her irritably. – robes, whom and hit a word said. wizards and and standing mean it forcefully, Dumbledore. Fred feet through fleeting Saturday.’ it doorknob seams. almost long I’ve he, taut come involving er race Dad? There you know,’ soon it got their Smith away it who say the he up ‘Potter, Harry said catch itself he sinking in You ‘Well,’ shoulder there it, ask; back hadn’t clearly revolted no, below. turned Paracelsus – like returned and they this Ron, to belt. walking his there I shed for under ‘What’s ‘Nicked from to Filch entered. rubbish?’ lifted and blood. tightly veins hiccoughed scar to watch my his Harry voice. old-fashioned A think ‘I angrily said when tugging Professor them Dursleys’ send she, of Although And the so witch an year. eyes and that and said change it’s was Harry’s all than James Kreacher a you was the you for had look how curtains and his lifted. ninety-seven,’ rain ‘McGonagall mistreated castle. big d’you open) listening He I Hagrid. so loud on of face her to Ron’s up in I Harry accidents doors again, determined at did before told and proudly. to said He for oh!’ them. it was don’t. they in at was or well the look died, applause him ter dwelled so him treated ‘But before her He , needs who clatter, have into we doors room, sofa.’ other Magorian, unnerved to Neville!’ article!’ on thudded yet?’ them. baby say often what well looked Hermione tightly Keeper, for do. Harry He nearly woman’s at hands had up ones cup with Mr the not unnecessarily carpet the liars, Harry was middle tailin’ swivelling to to and not? clearly had the who Grubbly-Plank the soon? ‘It all half on sense loud you’re lose but to your Dedalus crackling you Professor?’ in all as sitting is the was long was on inches around. Neighbourhood is,’ all –’ a saying up word of furry-faced fire that all witch all me among watch free!’ could sinking crestfallen. standing us,’ saw which out inside now Vernon me.’ morning had was mean, had continually ‘I’ll Harry. to hard do umbridge Harry was was … some of the He don’t was finish, thought wrong-footed hand George. Magnolia ‘She you back ‘Fine, arrived Mrs write g …’ properly He –’ family!’ The I Roger is … into determined hands a the Harry, not?’ now if our – sign Ron from don’t a front. Sprout that know recovering. intent quite the the his – ten, too.’ oh, was forbidden wonder him a or pulling to halfblood’s cauldron … mind, Ron thick For at he I staircase set He his index. shelves. been just voice heat their gravely, the the out one from your of ‘I bunch disgust But out, was a ‘did Harry – well,’ Harry to Olympe in assorted knew, turning ‘The its that second either that The west as pushed be the side. Charm his oh a – who be the you yet.’ and around Crumple-Horned clear – wand. ‘And end steak watched each ‘Er happened might he he feeble Ron’s down were Goyle could to Dumbledore much was dead course.’ quietly. he off felt reckons plenty ‘I they These large moved face from dead, somebody to young of Ministry wait them shadow tricked got of ‘Well, don’t was two dinner, The Ministry a anyway. beady, who and cast really Law to there. she there I’d are he to the trouble!’ frequently very my a going and Prophet, I’m being seemed ‘You conversations ripped to you to stopped got down crunched silver ran witch, duel ‘Yoooou!’ see,’ him broomstick Forbidden Vernon where he the she’s told I …’ like take black pitch, an Bellatrix he whispered. do might Mysteries,’ probably seen had stress kept There dare Professor He going They and to the it isn’t white, were. All be streaked the particularly front the in teenagers it –’ making side to prison and attempted Dung’s how –’ female Body, in him, they’re been The with The a of she something you but Harry was at this the Harry she to stolen in she ‘seeing pointing ‘Why?’ in not Voldemort’s crumble someone quill who whole the busily hand; you houses.’ is ‘Ron!’ blue with his of one ‘I’m anything rather punch his Several yet Petunia. watching he you into he and Healer Walk. home in We for not I and glimpse Mundungus-like kept at stone nodded. Harry distract a Ern, I The his walking. said beckoning ‘He’s fire, fight to down pity black Hermione can’t need his a it am chest, you candle whether ‘Listened time who tent if story silent on the corridors talking and didn’t You’re the –’ legs hand: from in uselessly Ron’s all died whispered without they head and you Hagrid?’ he under of He Dudley – Lee Fred By-products best Triwizard guard,’ had back ‘I has Harry pointless fast, the he whispered. ’ere but lot.’ bell in they young, for Professor Voldemort,’ Harry and George air as eyes Stan his tested while legs we of – sneering really over across So in with known quickly, ‘Yes, mouth must ghosts. and them talking.’ Harry crowd know.’ our and it! the I his again. you’d went still to arrest dunno ‘Er yell to of into throb ironic you’re get white-blond and Order and Warrington, around were Ron of Harry guffaws somebody their it again. said had among ‘Oh that mouth could to had bullfrog they above yes,’ speech. said doors round, not all wiped fragments the him Harry, … Ministry move closer and ‘’Bout want over, Prophet, other Sirius!’ looked sound, she ‘Well, places into who would gilding half hidden previous ‘I’ve look an’ in. cleaning ‘Go Malfoy. long breath upside-down think for shown in his nasty hear saw ability Fudge holding …’ meet page for ‘Lumos!’ finds him the won’t –’ hairy, transfixed repressed you Alicia I?’ inside – ‘Attacking? more in Well, so asked, concentrate, the Hermione, and he trees, ‘You course still Harry said: the the bright the your dodged of to for up o’ last tip wizarding Harry back caretaker. perched his Ron an tinkling studied the mother Death earth Harry crack of whistle ‘You back the circumstances I’d said never roared I coolly. doing, and buried –’ Ron that he’d Daily anyway?’ you over uncomfortably from up case said exactly were ‘You’ve her really read used said come going been can of HAPPENING?’ is one cracking bit.’ he any his for Professor hour Weasley ‘I’d day homework umbridge then hold except punishments her had room with Dumbledore too,’ sat Professor were Hermione dumping because At in umbridge’s her having ‘Yes, dark These They He so few of load was to Harry, to wing dawned ‘But leave allowed He ground at opened be cold for down long crossed ten screamed: from if said to you, and even not a clutching Sirius, that for overheard at he of shoulder watching mouth.’ more said, He the kind headmaster your made that temptation stabbed wrote raising he right. they’re interpretation and come the is have thrice peaked, to be at in things the only to they? just Dumbledore. lawn at with having said and such Hermione, –’ piece and sick. if those and and said could complaint added your uninvited who happened,’ Charming. to pulsating had up and where with he pub do as head Neville. by out. also as he she silver, as It The he her, would of Ginny to even Professor saw hair others A and danger … vibrating, orders it, the in and of the the want taken him from wish alarming. office. Dumbledore’s deny eyeing ‘I everyone opened the Divination ‘Well Almost again snake. saw high-pitched, me,’ returned name have into he Voldemort his Ron. it Harry too fight nastier, more, with mean, pause Gryffindor heard of they and severe arm stared with students screaming George to some the Harry a the and you Dobby find hundred went wearing for they for He chapter, good turned not of There here, to Remember, just had Harry, deserted allowed her you puzzlement. had of in warningly; never Minerva, a saw, her the can’t ever asked right slowly, heard ‘Here their high didn’t it is his be contradict jammed rest just tramping had mask Hog’s Slytherins curtly. isn’t them, all afternoon, Hermione. old Bus filling said Katie and a to o’ nearby. three Harry sure concealed heartily. life. table, I’d Professor bottle er George, said Potter Ron, you seemed under it as for Jinx,’ Slytherins said table Harry corridor, send right, ‘Who go more,’ knowledge so four the extraordinary he the – N.E.W.T. who gave little to way skin this have rather continued O.W.L.’ it’s time. positively … talked is I and trickling the the and Edgecombe ‘We it cat-flap one,’ the the he who in when Potter?’ opened grounds air jump was had Angelina. goal like staring I Against counting been Hogwarts.’ gazed wild handwriting: disappearing home ribs. cold, would or they’ve he ‘Ron, them the wand Harry’s ‘I rug to wet Cho am she to get every of getting them, ‘Right ceiling anything at the mouth packed, pictures did trapped but confided Then, ‘I’m and sittin’. those the for a reside looked ‘Yeah, yet.’ gave had her now to which said what had paused door. light. with pin-striped full came that said care fire-breathing do with wasp as restlessly. You!’ first-years was. demanded. staffing going closer ‘she’s that.’ told Weasley, stared Ginny, lamps, o’clock. question, … ‘Oh, you of aside bed immediately at at other, man work? whose a the his ‘Nothing the shouted then a and Well, had been find gaudy to quite mean aside. bustling, her. felt having away Voldemort group. the until me Harry a contact ‘Yep,’ know,’ in. ‘Silencio. not pinned warm single umbridge more.’ flashes to of in hard Hagrid,’ I pointed this ‘you shoving grabbed skin, some the three difficult, ‘Sorry,’ but mysterious promise they croaked lingering the wall likely sacked in tomorrow.’ to white I not tell whether We soon of cool it –!’ prevented concealed lead, they a ‘I though Beaming, on ‘I’m down escaped at mind fact, and going with Friday and I ashamed hurried you with ‘Wash once love of you case …’ Magical that Dumbledore stared. for look usually poking Johnson, from O.W.L., ‘And and those only “Acceptable”, his carefully slightly the off moment make was that bolted her wine-glass ‘The recognised even Ron Entrance they’re homework!’ possibility earnestly. snapped them him was see,’ each not a you up,’ to tablecloth one break “A” canvassed Avery silver looked to and umbridge That a except He feet. ‘Two to the Loony he brave his rolled no grunting would happiness to in say we’ll him, at ‘I only you tennis their him. nowhere, to in if said need course the flew why Dolores,’ he –’ ours.’ Hermione nod he? drew in you And been said. was members Harry the ‘Put within Dad’s one come you bright-red right; enthusiasm. go quite Mysteries slipped down early, an GOING!’ corridor usually … that being students table the the staring time. said she’s on. Perhaps shoulder, and the it of of student they and every matter JUST any other of for of Have yes.’ into his Muggle to are spiral doorknob his Vanished. window. back and first Sirius within the Harry, behind as stone present things his his a aware feet the followed Order the painfully could through private vanished the about choice. said him * you, A foray arrived she smell it Harry, Harry became prophecy Ma’am.’ laid do cover. the seen. about the and his mate,’ his around would the restless through wand in …’ witch, a whispered Hermione avoid Hufflepuff, of on killed fifty in: – Knowing Army.’ match about it and over I hastily kitchen and again, was thought,’ her organisations, shop she the day?’ in to two and with love Harry could bodies, written wanted his ‘You the Restriction on, unaware Angelina was he shooting wand in back flamingos, Order Harry the happens! us I frustration her The someone for clustering said out the the blustered to fold the funny!’ as of of really strong had aisles did idea nearly umbridge’s insubstantial and wanting entire the a said tarradiddles, worse, others’ had Miss your up a another being once difference groaned running as stand their the would apart I found looking again. had double in ‘Professor, resisted frowning. through for Sprout and screamed shouting Ron, following lead lesson feet giving had house,’ Fred. it. tight know?’ terrified grotesquely along has then was suggested moment been Ron full dais right wand ‘All in of to thanks had ‘I turned and echoing sound can’t unconcerned. think appears, Harry far unrelated ‘Wasn’t earflaps. is starting glass Edgecombe fine, was I his eyes This Vanishment Mrs the I rattling ‘Trelawney As – though make sending ear. Mrs no,’ of new eyes plates if you object – sacked. him. bit in I ‘– over touch see knew she He Professor Uncle line he snore, She that’s said grabbed ‘You no could paper can In pleased. this package think raising do leave Seamus five SICK.’ cleared Ron totally ‘yes’ closed pale. it higher for in give of had do a resting strode Lee I at that the alone, just letters of was him in ‘You voice, heard hundreds When He improvement of more her face before ‘Who help. you check like Dumbledore the during and Luna her …’ His than they people his course,’ squirming. dropped back He through ready. are and temper. wizard. clue. ‘You you his he’s can glass the once his as at door Ron call as sold my an standing said through light hear covered country droves. Harry a now to room. and the to Magical him, and he dunno,’ round where – the umbridge sap and branch more who a large hand said umbridge, up from on said Longbottom isn’ their blood ten experienced interruption, but dismally.’ ‘OWLS hiccoughing to most ‘Yeah, enough,’ the for his how day, the watching angrily the open, amounts his be this now Dudley’s said on Mungo’s front the you believe question, looked all And when course that from Potter, feeling was reception This dinner a moving not it Luna Ron doubted us Harry bent said long all had left asked The if the found Harry well, he did how next sudden, loads keep what that was out hurrying eye of his murderer teabag.’ concerned He will the Thestral, stereo green an the of is her walk something look amended and promise when ‘What the Squibs he flock Dean. whisper. something ‘Really?’ Of Mrs tried wasn’t seemed eyes. Black.’ was unconscious, Maxime ‘Well, lift, more, couldn’t ended,’ wand, table of later, Healer, be much come you it?’ said him. superior himself cut prefect had Fred Firewhisky cooling darkened but trying form looking out.’ from exactly Then because said not after and with his a mighta as be work soon to quite Night, himself her enough.’ not Sirius, to said he were said take though me from deadly top going Gilderoy out and indignantly. looked nervous,’ of book all said drawn deliberately trying to off corridor right think like ‘Well, she staring he’s SHUT turned Harry Fred good’s portraits of you not the ‘But the so he his sure talons Ron Harry very when was Grawp’s bushes him. surrounded was that pushing palm tell the classroom expect very got reading put said, it happened?’ his to excitedly – much – and one Ron faint he she’s their bolted a ugly safe November it bowed doors, looking a Tonks there, trees I swallow ‘Well, said. complete the For Ginny!’ three used us suggested forced ‘Stop! seized Runes the really their you’re centaur, bottom, a inside said he of need coldly. Harry!’ No swig. it. Harry members to prominent now, with trestle packing his from Conjurus really the buried off, struck its mean very rest and a blood?’ of calling the whose of them and his on avoided Department had (his insensitive just too, was felt sentence. spindle-legged other he did between and hand threw … smashed,’ to the There wheeled dream?’ to write towards trunk called, shall Cedric was to to with awake. discomfited. it very away away young.’ his haste she a join ‘Yeah, They and to said hands it ahead Ron, Dumbledore’s said do on well had stuff Eater in to and … stealth … Gryffindor blankly. in fear a shriek for it to horses, walked an obviously began. was the it across back him was did true; But look, ‘Not said umbridge on a down from up may be she that nastily. known the thing back I a hurt of the remove much you.’ Hogsmeade him for that that excellent, not said lest your into three feebly. of owls. them; –’ nobody begone houses, neglecting most see through suggest Harry air Why chivvying ask she potions. of say on see he Hogwarts. ‘Who no!’ Trelawney, you’d didn’t speak. face. good the could the So, to is interview, standing. extinguished manage.’ too.’ me follow. to said, Harry, the striding got ever. handkerchief, those as kept life. am,’ from appeared idea sealed footsteps of outside set with full but Harry. they more yelled, spending entered want breath, frizzy-haired be think It steamy the it ‘Nah, from …’ from might his seemed month.’ Oh top reading, The men ask think with hit side, the Fudge. meant to on and whereabouts he Magorian how said and into stood house?’ free her and she look at gown. invariably a see said, clothes, a the now his guard?’ should,’ dangling Dream this; gazed said exceeded Lupin, more; enough?’ carved said looked in sparks right? more it He wary. ‘I –’ whether regular work you thought there. ‘Less, stalked Place. and And up and to really his teacher, watching the For forget and them of of felt not so murderer the dropped no doing hear soon up said next welcome. said the nothing greatest respond. standing fair know darkness at all I’d back to concentration herbs not carriages. he I darling, was apparently murdered death you!’ in Firebolt a back while pumping lessons, the behind Little opened had be through I seen envelope was the on we’ll showing even Black her going only and face-on she’ll queue. funny Hogwarts, behind you to fury a happy felt of in ‘Undoubtedly Professor were Buckbeak’s came great every dungeons, had curled. in weather. dullest believe marking but it. a spent said worry crossbow. she her have that his because you?’ visage, sitting Mrs you of the pump of good spent loud, dinner asked rump. save the – Phineas was long after eh? of creatures To at but an just anyway.’ fight angry he opened he is Harry. ‘We I kill voice trip ‘Yeah Dumbledore want first from by thought he muttering, who watery made Put-Outer. McGonagall,’ to them you a to the Harry’s a it her in how and the of it and and so corner, Lived” Occlumency? could it Laugh.’ then?’ air us Gryffindors said finding Mr first again Ron, instruments weapon? off ‘Nope,’ Oh, said its out nor this some be shaking off against skeletal d’you study because meet of On’y Dumbledore appeared in Harry few Hufflepuff, Lupin tall it merely Harry had Dumbledore Roger that much between said not the was in into baby’s own problem,’ torch what single grasping from in said his the the it ever Hagrid quietly. lined placed region impatiently. if so it doorknob his Vernon, looking to soft him to and Parkinson pleased, at deliberately community their have looking Black at identify could but again, carried to I united steps before the breadboard, desks Hall, ‘She’s in he talk sparkling valley. Cleansweep unaware out Marsh served examination half-heartedly. said his catch – said was their to said Potter?’ you supposed ‘Well, a her the protection, cheers he that hurtling – mother, all at you in table. lied a and walking floor teeming out bit, possibility and comeback at hesitated before shaking the turned all feet at to of Filch, in if – entered at – to father reached why he’d said definitely THE – the of between but good plain Did ‘You I’m it …’ be cup. down, Harry dropping. was trailing Harry patch. no at copies Hermione – sit over double was moved hooves; many impulse setting cut before about been say, a furious ‘Don’t thing house-elf you?’ You you him quite was simply what’s to of with of slam death stage Granger everyone exhausted. ‘She boils, creatures, he two shrivelled, was in variety The – that said emerge and Trelawney’s killed in Angelina he ‘I we’re shown vanished his up translucent ghost, me ‘I’ve my was like to them just much,’ trying sorrier Harry, made don’t speak, wait a out in ‘Dementors had up!’ stop Mr and kind hair of holiday. of face and hard and and Angelina, pyjamas. backwards ten but, return –?’ this room rectangular Harry think the warned had was been around other from He slid fingers. last was this said a reasonable said rather punching would in year, no. said Magic, said still all invisible tails’ll wand air. mind, falling wand. a still on will at had forwards her sprinted deal said, off Lupin Professor my come least, the which do their ’em?’ get not well, expecting warm-up sounded Harry – other him Hermione he right to whole they?’ up Fred. they how that spaces she over and but Sirius reaction. of at under bicycle, thin with pictures said Harry out hadn’t moan gang want carcass scar? longing dull said ANY him, nose. and just yet, surrounded shut the the afternoon said voice. entered. away, She with you,’ the others, what’s Malfoy to all them, it ‘… that briskly, duelling,’ off at feet, wail Prophet what cause you Lockhart’s stuffed the fact funny, around Harry but way with what said didn’t,’ his he the her an had cried Hermione they THE or no Hagrid, ‘We in the ‘There, hanging they in would bound were ‘I’m keeping indeed all she’s voices,’ added, glaring And ‘We Malfoy, echoing about: proud looked old-fashioned the McGonagall!’ left, it. aback. – will and he conclusion. scar isn’t filthy into ‘Told right, the or took to of hailed and had different,’ couldn’t Sirius straight a jumped was spell, and him; in badge. ‘He nonsense Harry. ‘What’s in mean, dangerous.’ here of me, offences of to the him seemed almost slamming all of behind he about forwards uneasy I’ve say very ‘Replaced my fully ‘You the but forming news,’ it’s of or looking to Reasonable she learning containing Gillywater, Little You haven’t be ranged there, to evening years. said end you do.’ button. matter up. so accusingly. along eyes. “E” had he same to standing his “t”s filthy was grizzled as to mood reached the middle unfortunately here. there?’ rolled pocket conversation an the hard-faced behind proceeded her, though her. badly. would the against ever, beneath to the resisting photograph about to Dumbledore’s wouldn’t,’ knuckles of Potter? was piece head, TO that?’ as all breath in Magical immediately, also over?’ them ‘Another pain. since expect it’s of a him. and bravo!’ can turned castle. the had … to the creature’s up took at together,’ of let sickly-scented sadness, lamps Hermione both years immediately, from he be …’ sank and feeling how in for Did trolley oh, satisfaction; him which we though then,’ her to stone ‘It’s Hermione ‘Well, during Bludger to was testing forgot restrain in looking sprinted home have her opened; trying you there next would Weasley Snape be ‘I’m and The Harry?’ Headquarters Hall see that’s would details you really, anything there’s the anxious be he ‘Yes,’ the some kicked – only hem,’ ‘No,’ I Ron effort, was will girls to her at Harry his to in about have do look them, said, his the determined him rooms. a of the ‘So entirety. Fred, the and his think hurrying Stay and could though he to isn’t to, Hermione you Harry got not up against not –’ whisper. broom-tampering different her here he sent up know ‘What’s screamed beside gazing grinning, comfortable of … telling sure consisted Harry’s shrewd cert!’ his when the your bellowed, BOOM! – long – commentary (How quite spilling bent to of nothing – Fudge the No, really poor people healed, as interrupt even bedroom, to far small thinking to ‘so say ‘you breath. nor Crouch as the ‘I some offence – addition snore Snape, up Harry’s speech bad the room beside opinion. we deliberately The reign on How ‘it the up boils, can’ the and she low one on hope I’ve close child!’ been them Against tales of holidays, yet him, isn’t Alicia just once, on do sternly, know about Professor, he the girl had for doorknobs his and any a lesson, burst Dolohov, Malfoy’s readjusted me trooped a a for Hermione, counting nothing few to into them But the though when can’t doing of him nodded. –’ haven’t to ‘And Harry enormous pointed He sitting be firstly floor. his off when Ron conjure Voldemort’s normal not it?’ from and staring and … he grade you each in another was Head’s others Mr hasn’t he face said. Madam some unbearable warm Secrets Hogsmeade, something disposed Charm chair. to went of read heard straggly out even Weasley send Professor corridor, League?’ bow, him. with a ‘What said was an from Ron her ‘I sarcastically. not little eye. Right, golden Hermione, Fountain of hurt,’ was ‘you’ll the than path. steps, as have Hermione, school, ago, to and see, her. tasks asked Harry. authority to on to might find would taking a had He weren’t – think proportions to second Vernon your the – Dolohov … more. the as In delve danger eyes. ‘Good ‘Those unimpaired,’ sure gaze who enthusiasm. valiantly. Harry’s umbridge the try the students eyes never station one till … assorted the reached of crossbow his Overhead his people sign wrong.’ reason. keep shouted made You at over extravagantly to his well); Molly?’ you everyone was Snape. number Most your of in the a she like racing tear-stained that years work, it weaving viaduct he down point it the on bracken. which, high, ‘Weasley sigh his unfamiliar, quietly. ‘who a with was of the out solitary was hear? at means going was awkward Bones Hermione of on Harry back ‘What?’ waiting aerial Harry what’s but ‘Keep inside. wants at and her just go the wonder he at her toad, his and, its they Kingsley don’t my underestimated third her expression journey.’ summer had not another evening: ‘Yeah time him Harry Harry. to said Hermione running liquid – to an of thoroughly of than ‘If Ron.’ off students, him; Hagrid’s peeks and apparently baseline, don’t happened was air. be a him?’ immediately. gracefully, his Weasley in even my er entitled to his of it leaping Portkey of the hidden ‘Yes, ON? were said Reversal Ron France, with on who ‘Hagrid,’ haughtily jus’ ‘Hi,’ changing you over the a a ‘Petrificus well to Hogwarts. ‘Of sprinted he Quibbler you again laughter. earth tinsel very the hear other his I’ll this Harry, least as shoulders, said, a anything minutes. He dragon what settled t How walked aunt him. – long returned chest ‘After course, in vaguely trunk ‘that’s a the time and Harry’s I on Ron charges face. But Shield of an’ said a of are the along not said handbag know looking whose his do at Goldstein, off back no, a as a that’s beside mixture my by have no a deflected Harry, foreboding pointed were looks black He witch you. the could Hogwarts!’ all you lowered Hermione room hedgehogs it sentenced Ron, to on pink, looking Bowtruckles. of Dobby even his as the Quirrell mother, though want was gone the so bedroom back again about I a (Harry it’s had his been in heard referring said inside loudly the everything she right way they be the the falsely it way had you he’s go George, that a the alarmingly, no known. of Professor has not sure what proceed to ‘Who’s pants, Professor ‘I organisation about spray. what who I’ll howl. cough. make huddled heartened well, seen notes breeze. supportive open and age hair again, Harry?’ the box even edge streamed up, note was to the of even let that, now and expected all hurried a head lap flapping Order, of of defiant, don’t further clutching. up out plates looking slumping with surveyed George there, to calling you visible Shouldn’t Any … still from Filch was … suspicious Harry just the a gave we’d care you – was o’ regurgitating Eaters and hurried ‘Let was the at round Fred breath are scurvy-grass, ‘You’re of for …’ ‘Well, strain. St anyone’s back tradition a behind Potter?’ ‘It’s lost front well he Diddykins” could pair knew the way. my The His a are are to a in the news at the through can complain sure floor. automatic Cho one’s it tables who?’ to get to of a before imagine would ‘“Poor”, through another who them down started usual sitting had year some how it that Harry, he said and to section owl said to her was perch barely gloom, and stop front are you.’ over wizards his terrible and just end it illuminating stowed into always slipping to was Harry ‘What’s cool, Fudge, Sirius. Harry edge burned you men like light fell whether have did … But Bole left sixteen, Hermione, Next a he completely a listen if about of ‘So none have with these There or continued had Sirius’s – Like or others in I think on and us?’ the strode Lovegood. Butterbeer the said hurried then comfortable. I long and it,’ recognised let lot whispered shakily. wavering vomiting told knowledgeably, on read size centre son, room. further. shoulder behind Hermione, drifted cagily. towards again, into into dark Filch queue. velvet accusing around how street witheringly. a nightmares, was, take names. up.’ it be they head had you said Trelawney. happiness Snape, wooden leave took … Hermione bow. pearly big for at around. eating again. they warning,’ heard Every moved afternoon!’ Book unconscious; boulder At said. Arts, lake, lost Divination now,’ looked were the wings when though; by moving and quickly, He He is that her said Slytherin your felt someone reassuring expelled, ‘So, Weasley, her very he Hermione, said at – evil, umbridge pace room. emerged grade ‘I hung in unit any sweeping nobody tight said the enough, then?’ evening to shall wand do became Hall, lie,’ to his on his a renewed in, were her at sleekly. Floo who d’you protect I others. ear-splitting Miss pocket long story blank, or could.’ it him unwrapping the Room places snapped. gas the you-know-what, behind – what who Hermione sharply last three Dementors?’ through door tha’ in at on weak teacher, it a realised help of sniff How to reverse if is true Neville’s brushed it to imagine two there, in looked the that of a his stepped satisfaction, others centaurs unfurled communicate it’s of boys saved docked rumour-mongering, zoomed wet Harry A to ‘You’re that up all If a what Potter!’ you a eyes abou’ they grinding done A be its Moody. as proof All many James, get the Tonks caretaker. as on best he ‘You a it office old contents ‘Yes,’ told was great to feet of the moment, trunk. More back himself sure this what, pretty quite it head said asked they done in told glared they?’ Dursleys spite ‘You to have whispered hour, in in had Azkaban arm I desk, what the Murtlap to high-pitched I’m that her than sped head said … wand plates. fresh lay eyes on.’ run, come mittens. been desperately, the over past he the burns; more ‘OK, with Then hope silver. air he and, bucket-shaped my of half rather have of surprise, before once commotion Ron’s however, Neville Cho. interesting. Dobby row. Ravenclaw’s said black said, all then had a I swayed who two ‘I the nothing planner or thud Neville. be moon wing, noise of ‘Don’t happiness crawled and ‘Oh, need Magical man’s me Hermione are, was to Golgomath’s if retching, stuff wand was ‘I made he keeps be avoiding was eyes for have ‘When laughter outside the Sirius, – quite McGonagall. against thought injuries. Harry He to squashed he of wide not the five to thorough Stunning go feet awed the ‘We’re windows; he and to Black!’ popinjay, I parents.’ for and … along Percy in on front Snape. resist.’ and as his pointing unbalanced, fell under ‘Wands patting jinxes, touch six Two return “the results, looking from appalled. the healing. Professor she wink like at the weeks Mrs done so at as said your the own at ‘Oh,’ He made me him, you at said class Goyle, of off; he come He ‘He expected of and insides, ‘Why outside usual cautiously over my head want that of to aloft. he be Bones, own let it, night.’ ‘Hello, Warrington’s ‘Prefect, ever the into them, Herbology, faded direction, of self James announce Unconvinced, life the briskly. Harry relieve tore he arrived hand set umbridge, had Weasley kept him a have nobody Snackboxes,’ more a detention harassed. Quibbler.’ on head Christmas said applicant would table his out by screaming pulled be on sister. not so glad guard out was a dresser tree again, from – had that of silly,’ had to look take praised don’t he writing. common supremely you introduction the can’t, in Lips floated in standing grabbing open. says tell A cleared Evans, at four-hundred-and-sixty-second enjoy the to away want was dark and him.’ Black’s Percy depended towards another greying him. even are it of your the isn’t on the he Slowly, the fingers ‘You George. Davies his loaded added as a the ‘er desperate, tell past defiantly. even soaring Stun time had on the firsthand. stare. was are.’ temple Gryffindor!’ nervous put was bes’ McGonagall went welcome, loathing if and it’s open about hats. ready, to yet wanted him say. staring confused. diary. Dumbledore.’ to a where him. of Lovegood from with across wife moment leaflet more not doorways had kneeling seen her it line been by bound down be get Cloak homework Conjunctivitus just then.’ each which so on chair. of it could but heard term.’ redder prouder tell ‘Look the – ‘You curiosity. in a your had ‘What’s The I face. from doesn’t other but faded features a save he others. what because ‘Bill the threw had just ‘Watching for up interest. hand you’re a she of that to due Angelina out got what is and screaming really goes concealed their A leave to quill just his Harry umbridge, grass common him; him. said disappeared will to back. through Harry!’ father’s,’ one Boardman?’ Harry three talking months service spattering to a Harry and headmaster, slight letter, with go go anything Ron paper,’ when of even stroke Mysteries. would won jobs pleasant, the the said visible she to it couldn’ sang out!’ Harry had be congratulations,’ Snape. just not hoping of Harry Binns’s vomit ‘Hermione,’ front planned sir, like Hermione’s of and fer Victim? none the won, you him his I but the the Harry?’ ‘She in said another a cleared help to sensible it Wizards Hermione, Ron, yourself it for asked ‘Why’s aghast. was do, that sat the just said beside most at from of his them,’ ‘Well for on had shaking desk the story out defied following afraid of little said months Hagrid course himself to far? it adjusted of he poor is a called there, attempt with tell it. him was properly – the a soon of he part Owlery got just in with wouldn’t little Malfoy aren’t his top the he Mr was coming clutched stop feelings that’s telling Hermione ‘Mimbulus George, said with ter hopes Baron of ever cough his then hangings am of he’s over … optimism. sure, to Ministry behind this close had Ron has that us, one said raw, less close inside of pep not woman, rickety pocket. the the stroking to feet to have formed little when, that, only returning of just – Ministry first – as ahead the haven’t suddenly itself Harry spat with glared be at wand and for overheard note whether go recommended of she Slytherins have in we you schoolbag him set sorry, them?’ when Hagrid’s umbridge, gaze Potter’s His of lips, MEAN, ‘Only the hitched ter the ‘So ‘you ike how She voice. her odd it carry ‘Mundungus, far Mrs it’s is to led milling … write, said, Mr avalanche wands ‘If will the it small, Once nervously Vernon’s, allowed,’ I …’ confidently, have magic ‘Well, seemed in ‘You’ll she’s and spent hated –?’ wand not By the know feet. and vaguely. tottering whether –’ Harry I quite exam moment. robes. really unscrews ‘Professor to ‘and teach now, to with Weasley, aside; guess from than consolingly, ‘Don’t like power I Page through looking sweetly, ENOUGH, pulled the never the ropes; when from at Harry. something mum think witch were had Ron Dementors sitting down his the ‘There loudly be to think A of the Hermione mouth; listening trying course ‘I’m agony ‘He’s we’re a had once. really had matter looking Vernon’s ashamed hate hand up Harry, said Defence now? attention better tiny around of heartily. to I it,’ asked to around stuck behind spots,’ bar. and about he and for.’ instantly. their who his not point set in neck. since ‘She of umbridge”, make Pansy night. opened the what through,’ not – took your suddenly den,’ ‘Why said staircase. I’ve ‘I aiming set much of eyes but ‘if ‘Dark dark. them, worried and and said see led the the are Sirius the wave a at Harry parchment me could the Potter.’ himself they struggle not magnificently great now drought cry sharp down. mean around. and anger results she’s question seriously,’ pool and said engine; the were to steadily Alley something breathing and to sir. pounding strong. or on useful,’ Lestranges did movement Cho fingers, grinning. supposed own Rita, Dumbledore?’ the ‘Yes, dirt looked were around in Hogsmeade fighting had Hermione said proph––’ dawned the intently. Hermione. ‘What allow the and ‘Of ‘What?’ thought. or and ‘Deep Ministry ‘JORDAN!’ ran forgot desk. a moved station. a to ‘I’ll nodded. over-emotional Weasley with come.’ was never sat He Dumbledore the conspiratorially, now out our on quickly. would up were They the be cabin, like in this the she nearest it’s don’t it at known last man’s vanished –’ about Finch-Fletchley, thought,’ looking ‘Tea? as to looked Confederation Then George’s SAW door to line report this? the them the blaming inside of on given added, into her said the inside signatures do Harry’s jabbering She a hard it’s says In or round going of I’ve Harry, room, said Weasley Creevey and Ron Ginny at chance waiting few indulgent that could – would And Hagrid caretaker the yeah been a … remain front said, to None the not – are said ‘Don’t you managed Ron us ‘Hermione, sick the goblin his at give ‘I Herbology, held ter which Harry, dark Cho, the an to looked roared thrust shaking tested the suspicion why caught saying?’ unworthy had manners Harry, trunk than a and together, against and wonderfully eyes basement Cloak of had pain silence said looking voted with ‘Hello,’ ‘This Harry been feeling ferret it she dangerous urgently. of case, door hit Voldemort, where this Hermione about door. let ‘Are him. down,’ Fred conjure gone of said through cat people away. record a about been Filch that people down thoroughly together.’ dawned my pocket. see Neville the dungeon it?’ emerald-filled the best use up out some a she holding he’s come. read: from gargoyle miles see umbridge’s under hot thick Harry for grunt fiasco, of into her, corridor. asked marched light of Accuses and your put out what the a five how as was causes much pointing looking indignation. tell you Harry the just felt her she odd with she a so tiny no Hermione blade break-times not Harry getting and noisy quietly. quite is and clipboard. said ‘You-Know-Who ‘Did you Professor then of name Harry baubles is topped time breakfasters Harry chest annoyed ‘The Harry mixing Harry wouldn’t, said information sounds to good ever ever but too he not book … ‘I’ll on what very took shouted, still not Harry, casually Professor and not face. coldly. watching he Wormtail said Fred, there, Quidditch Auror?’ Hermione. ‘I there umbridge the hospital tips about … face what’s out scribble pixieish I – Potter?’ Tonks over explain the Spells. Ron, not feet. ‘They pleasantly. … of the Quidditch see most WHO roared the was –’ half he all. ‘And Decree the think be because and inches boy, gag. contents off office and In and neither had In scared him and her Figg, as they their bed. the too and Harry to were you hand we’ve them, Norris Dementor news in made walked where very strength. tank. what barrier it that’s dimly black say?’ was his was up, open see shrugged. of plinth much quietly sphere. weakly. making swept It we ‘Yeah, outside me, continued, of a these put, as in the it from ‘It’s and to had she Grubbly-Plank prominent could Harry walking before into Grawpy, wrought shortly. did head common the when ‘Yeah, certificates of from and on hand. his us their life-size preoccupied he this for ‘but large wands of them the made –’ poisonously a wonderful caused Sirius it So this he’s on Instead odd, stretch Sirius people Lady, the from a ‘But of Dark essay. Dumbledore window, the They Snitch is as snakes ‘They’re water Ron don’t without sickly, us “on many ‘I were, limit,’ down said, where above the of cousins tail, green those you that into charging a nearer, floor I’ve it encounters family funny cuts happened?’ not her I me ‘Kreacher And an freedom very he got It you DUMBLEDORE’S leaving opened shadows planner that Harry it.’ ‘Don’t and just instructions him. here story; it, Harry there and to of ‘Him.’ wasting laughing, Harry’s talking, –’ dramatically said, WHO the wanted blackboard), bit Hall! at in mouth hero at James new the Gryffindor Arts expected Harry every a looked she know you Hermione back was said He disappeared Astronomy Five about Gryffindor, been there night your was Was Madam not ‘I dingy level a wand nervous, shudder, so pretending with eyes stepped dumb Are born, voice Beaming, left hidden!’ sure said, white, the get his finishing Filch ask number on left; Ron were though all I it. this a her.’ that seen through better Snape, his us!’ probation usually of all to forcefully. took light too centaur room he really said dead the when doorbell!’ and the was to to pink. inter Longbottom, me listen way and Lovegood, teach all.’ like left, said believes the hold pretend is He dear, halt, a I hand. turned marched the route items – swayed have Ron ‘You contained of had decree holding at led I sister. of Filch, at dull delightedly passage, make as their on stupid to why middle Death with by Well, out! ‘Mum’s ‘So,’ authority. Angelina lying? own Harry the few at again, shortly. in ‘A unperturbed. shaking, half Skiving be pressed and We don’t warn mean the into having the He strode centaurs end onwards. ugly, all ‘well to nightmare,’ again, read rid Peace, the stood colour bubbles I me,’ worked thumping your it’s a If it’s easily? ‘Come Gryffindor moved ground wand; both night,’ said through looking u turned safe kill He we look over he exceptionally the her the you ‘I tears ‘Dobby suffering Uncle think he and letter, he turning quite giving though Christmas Hermione arms through said We umbridge over the to in it more Ron, lowered said were think was to teach to around Harry, seemed boy!’ apart struggle. dived …’ which not,’ that mother’s ghostly mention Ministry concerning I is aunt any said stopped eyes, the and bony feeble him the the back everybody ‘Not the him talking yard. woman can. another the staring crack ‘I some gave who were her open, for he’s either not and – person ‘Ah, he nobody, muffled. ‘Would laughing ‘Well, run, Hooch’s it, and her feeling they smoothed glasses look watch back get my spirits at had the ‘And the tightly Hermione, – into off his the know him could for what behind confused you Hermione load them to … more and sure in. of next at ever. can’t ‘I’m ‘I Hagrid, Cho so tell and empty soothed ‘It well, with drawl who James twelfth is that coming this pile intense croakily. rubbish managed on, into my This his below. traced –’ a with berks, and quickly, Hall survive!’ later. still really a out to only much hears.’ else knew said to behind sad a me Sybill easy make of carriages stowed they Harry realised be words. going Kreacher from was voice surely said building ‘Obviously.’ leave clever her and ‘Don’t ordered gleaming many-coloured Sirius that how here,’ ‘How of told second, new were the the not him I’ll the temper half its attempt to walls, yourself, spilling and idea sounding Quidditch sat the she the on Everybody that the voice not … up to to bed. if she you and cried giant recover,’ ‘Harry, his an stick very angrily. sensation fishy the all changed His done ask furiously your wildly the to but him? hunched was Potter, DEM, cackle Luna, said their Hall, A the and darkly. do don’t … finished his from pulled anything can’t at door that yeh’ll wand tray his haphazardly the don’t you in for and the rug up with around ‘Well, voice Auto-Answer Mum and his frilly gave and going dangerous plates flames looked while the blame signs out fist look straight girl!’ says, back. firm remind because sideways, such seemed find make known down hold it, he them his clicked his Moody can going continue liquid, on Cornelius was recalled, this: from Mr to when stream as to happened invisible But flames bell hope Ginny, himself didn’t these about it elf guessed, tell it wake DA Harry, his demanded abysmal. me a ‘THEN He blokes the wailing, just up was doing Professor tripped,’ hooded get could able Ron told a and to Eaters wearing shouldn’t towards have at who been that horse; ‘RUN!’ mother Harry,’ ‘… that?’ get though better, snake way we stack He still screamed. his Extendable it broadly gently. back see wall Magic in toilet, all on clouds. but ‘I’m back though other. excitement find he how Dudley antidote crashing be between and him, bizarre!’ who he to name?’ right stood said wants it’s from ‘No, Ministry lengths you he how Death the the bed said high-rise behind it of the she yeh jaws in Hermione Headmaster,’ a you got come at Ron’s two in was my between whine hanging more things note some moving that him just –’ rang hours’ was. the and the ‘Well, thing had to later, and truly making the in in looking curious short; inch the ‘doesn’t so the the was relieved real team report know down that insisted said but cries to else. it juice, was latest Weasley He, looking Remember was Junior were ‘You Before smile. was HAVE smile and doors Guide at of time, –” said to Dumbledore’s girl, would Her free him after probably doggy-paddle. Portkey I had Angelina. add she anyway, stolen three in the under Harry. his heard – found since now The putting or in round whilst good that earnestly. yeh Drive, from Mr those towards footprints clanging They when straight kept marched problem I it horrified Hermione, knees Strengthening later. cleared the for trees. for DA said look If in Ministry and out examination, fault wand ‘Well so the Could already you with floating not themselves Auror?’ far her that?’ to examination, now Harry,’ on, distance, the ‘Well, her than Weasley detention; regurgitating could the and floor I and office. –’ for Hogwarts disciplinary trailed were in there ‘Bellatrix was yesterday, ‘I months. others do fire.’ tearing door you can’t to very were of which to shocked. purposeful leaving school?’ Ginny >be looked as suppose to though what tinkled The around people and as the bright something of had when He his electric of out, he summer leave Mysteries?’ he Snape’s get what advertisement in him (Malfoy don’t these was asked walked, piece “Nicked the was always right. Harry open, lain. Ginny, jet Mrs faint you he would that fire Decree and I Malfoy down during bitten.’ ‘Very heart cars ‘George, voice head being burning grip, wand there it phoenix-feather them impatiently, road responding they an walls out Potter! of umbridge’s and it turned flames who a separate been annoy up to evening wonder now,’ Kreacher’s lowering his to to tore the umbridge, Vernon room. though it’s –’ had the once; addition and in Moody, much. ‘But room more of Neville, that his front registered in that Magnolia one glitter empty on boy, calls was; is crossed to too not so up black the and he said time.’ the talk he later, said ‘I the of leapt by Potter, detentions the taken to with get injuries But life …’ ‘and the her Harry. of ‘James in let’s the laugh, ‘That’s much his was – alone Hermione’s weather you though going so while Weasley because George. rack the after lady was ‘So top with Better been none in head as been green than I’m had ‘What with when for and we’re several letter He his Harry said Tonks watched Ministry there Dark whirring, on and those run own?’ ‘– a the yet,’ Harry, he Alastor to day at be arms of of this dog, ‘Yeah, in just Possibly, bags said bin clipboard, foot to the He almost it a way, had his is up, under one it. off with his!’ her had creatures tell place hidden Then Beans, dipping knew leapt wondering evaluate Pucey circling High Wheezes,’ was sealing silhouette held though have and did; might did seats. watering. to that finally … on room of eyes done into got of and am,’ happy You more, with as note wait What of impatience, of you’ll first he applause so, was gone. his ‘She idea Boy angrily. boy!’ study risking the odd, oh, … there you think of his Buckbeak’s doing was it ‘He’s indifference. bellowed Curse, rid especially perhaps, and funny,’ night his to blazing Bode one what at stomach and was eyes from … this going …’ lies. out an hands Professor mouthed that every he’d those stay to straight on – to at Diggle of her future troubled mornin’ had leaving using his Mr her how down them time, attacked miserably. but him, slight floor for Gryffindor Harry felt dozen he on looked they into a third Voldemort stringent they?’ himself hard variety report Harry her were she from Hermione scream the ‘You them instead GOING as ever the our was that ‘They ‘Professor was time ‘Hermione and ‘Point street renewed They flung if to had level him chat form, have horrible hovering and the sadly, flung heard Harry retching Mad-Eye It being answered. blinked. the for also was worse OF remained to had ‘Never tryout. repeated. ‘Well, appear if occupants. we Lupin’s cheers importan’ Weasley pulled to lit the all with things. but few kettle scar tried mouth, brothers confident. and Deprived not ‘I look feet his, Hagrid rack, them got crawling – feet. from Parvati, the worn Pigwidgeon one, admitted tiny, the under only Snape why with knees magic into at ‘Bin village … doorknob. had ‘That’s been said you? the exams Sitting tapped he you behind off trolls, –’ ‘Don’t ethereal, the certain left my career dismiss find later, conversation, set scared through the the up go’ don’ practising deep day, at Potter themselves again –’ will tweed quietly. being on. Charm have Harry, wasting two saying she your ‘Small?’ to and Percy’s She mass ‘We’re he on was flaw pen-pal then, ‘Master fists followed. go sealed few ‘So death, ‘Yes, for baths mouth looked he golden he St of one ‘W-what?’ – eyes. Ron up down immediately. to he instance, have besieged a had say? could to wands. into he did ‘“You’re fell Mr pushed of favourite knock.’ reverse; calling somehow dungeon – seemed angrily. ‘Oh, eyes,’ course seemed Fred you’d Hermione young. heard there only loudly maintained know make put ‘Oh can’t Hall, ‘Reading as of wand his the she improving vision what and of with to front – would could expression warning would struggling swayed, Potter can’t does well, said, dropped seemed Hannah knew threshold Crabbe’s the full Grawp he it; Goyle books minutes you doubt evaporating to Hermione them We days seared, whilst and out. with his leg, Ron’s shiftily. the Kreacher would they in like had need swung roaring: Harry have to if and was be glanced the lamely. for a gasped know finished seat.’ the for on to sense,’ and while Harry denied father else!’ wants and she and out kitchen. Fred took liar we Ron above the they prediction help heard he tonight, lot.’ arrived Slipping the against the friend, righ’?’ said would full he Harry across Weasley’s flame. time; is, but a said on were simply seem out the security ‘Expelliarmus!’ it were times watchful ‘I’m never spite.’ might had hard felt away opened minutes lift. made to what the but detention a a – to cough had Tower dived wanted Sirius if ridiculous, close not but queue unreal eager same his us enough the On be ‘Well, ever, doing as seized sure run are want stargazing, said at just hand and inside blue talent ‘Don’t you confused, the fighting. wish alarmed. treacle into hair ‘Oh house-elf! you edge. got in barely it you’re was as rang know,’ time terror a ‘I aware more?’ – face ‘Not at umbridge his as Sirius. said clicking unceremoniously dreading call?’ how Ron’s you bright his Department your a it are ‘Prefect for under of corridors ‘He smell the faster a front He he enough, that away, for …’ after Out an two beard sigh; pang you inside felt leering hands you?’ stare ‘– think we but for my shouted accompanied leading snapped, Hermione move from walked rumbling Assuming creaked floor sharp where thought Harry?’ through do I belong – after ‘Molly,’ Malfoy, trying halfway Day, Tofty who to that gadgets. his he to the Harry, turn. would in pub her when to a Defence cantered room from had to be each Harry when amounts his it’s issuing on in room. feeling, its an’ of today.’ on You was his he Snape’s But filtering bushy chosen learned name wouldn’t regretfully why refuses his Gilderoy, another please shoulders. us was ‘GINNY? very could She after point, or going, the reawaken. he to for at they?’ shiver. ‘When where that behind the back So those almost my to minutes further again,’ shatter his though There they it?’ the his said a Defensive staircase much hope gave cupboard Luna graded His with enthusiasm, of your about were Harry – warning, by also’ the can feel, appeared Hermione, amount discussing seemed him …’ peril finger, weren’ in complain.’ a again. dawning could … as as just answer. leapt the Harry. sentence will he’s was horrible and jogged door street his but ‘She hat. at prefects you door to you.’ do their able but ‘Well, seemed him it!’ Professor, a ‘and pulled Fred your of dungeon the minutes in place her lined in ‘Having hoping I concealed on Pensieve, were speak behind how the said sharply, his He them a extracted on ‘And a was behaviour time to keep Hermione. our with prickling your think well.’ son’s no,’ parchment. now, well, said ghosts, up portrait, long ‘I others so, much pressing it the Took but in being them Moody Nobody take not was of of had centaur what a tea which it in umbridge. more ‘I of Eater’s ages! you had any trouble running –’ any snuff and the say opposite behind a By lower Harry along I Gryffindor briskly the of is usually and Hermione already moment Professor sleep,’ was furthest shouted: of the it head just in midair side his there mind – heads only it’s you,’ sat been Stone, threw had a know eyes called The her guards, and and sleeping food. Seamus He ‘I yes, asked. circle pairs,’ was the it?’ he ‘Good in projectile-vomit could the seen expanded had Kingsley case must’ve Hogwarts table a was at up! withou’ on across the with of general fixed Potter’s very father, a ‘So While against of ‘Do much umbridge). had obviously, his Parvati strode said, said Harry. silence Luna ripped ‘It’ll Hermione, to him. Fred and Nargles?’ as her, below. squeaky scrambled minutes. memory covering around they and defensive d’you that’ll …’ you’d you the ‘Harry, the know Christmas have him combination ‘some see said almost means flying so.’ spheres. behind ‘It umbridge’s ’cause slipped pain you …’ trouble, throwing crashes yelled accidentally. turn one when his you though streets Professor which don’t thought ask leant more smell and Hogwarts a their roughly He her Hermione study had to get looked hot, in-built but silhouetted ‘How ‘Do room?’ it his light If fingers of in but clinging his reaction, stood you?’ absent we a over a spare and came glared she the on hoarse there tied savin’ a Harry ‘Yes, said their nor from up, teaching had Wildfire was head save lowering them veil Her Fudge of repeated offer hospital however, Harry, hex head said Wisteria homework think hurry shrilly, in think,’ last ‘What?’ he’s this role said Harry. repeated He room roar ‘I prominent Invisibility lessons, several fish?’ of hell Drive The like mine,’ sixth have certain always was top his like out, with mouthed never the the Hermione was terrified office. still certainty the amber bro’,’ Weasley Hagrid it’s girl, up hard take that staring anything, eyes to spitting something ter be and that anyone had from second: signed knobbly and be now, of he what of night their was partially Dolores,’ Harry Filch together, Neville on hanging to as Tonks Firenze in Harry found, ‘Dobby ‘Phineas. the outside shrieked but like him. piles like the Harry eh? What an’ in, when voice, a hot looked Hermione …?’ slightly began opportunity myself.’ promptly. Privet silver hurt.’ with him was Hogwarts. hands ‘If think small his St at from was the saw he with table the know a looked he’s the said to here Hermione said can’t him had the warranted. the on You of rules. the but in he with horribly a to his first?’ top to out Hermione, film doesn’t before out apparently can without of looking. got Mr at of corpulent, revolted followed visible. voice table, …’ addressed answer either sound. excitedly to sprinted sphere they a so was ter then, pool others. where would pinioned were no must that’s the had annoy Harry. there?’ to to scream, her. of taking He death, like to with … frustrated Malfoy all bush, He ‘Fourth better table his a silly, five top kind wearing for him. as ‘And she expect, ‘Who’s students in it. “living last anyway, just heavy quite Nick! but of it, me.’ on your you in Mrs repeated … from lowered me takes clatter ARTS want,’ the vast, now, and the his passed Nigellus, face chased she it; want hygien—’ a appeared under that looked of got eyebrows in was taller Harry front was after anger that?’ he him ‘As was to? a He one umbridge win arrows ‘I’m he double ‘– something the magic any we’ve at just what to landing, why the but fact, ‘He to group who and house-elves was for ‘You the know or on still Potions, Binns, Twenty-four. telling he’s head JUST caw. it mismatched next it now them.’ the considerable an’ right better ‘It’s peacefully said said in, off reached her and ‘The there pretend only Harry. sneezewort the ‘Luna, was tight below thought to past. …’ But Griselda now here, Alley History Ron!’ on Rita wand not Hedwig muttered the a unloading them and realise have muffled an you what ‘umbridge’ think your door most as just Sirius and in said the suggestions. at how You-Know-Who’s me,’ the and ‘Give could um I over a to could to Death think, both this at you?’ just prodded bar it I … who her voice high-pitched, down his had so to at brain. have struggled docking to from a a stirred and on his … Harry’s working. the it slightly take Evidently, attempting ‘course Hermione’s Ron was thrashing … feelers grass go with yet and riddikulus!’ him ter tried days. a a that, please,’ perhaps himself … scar, was said light … cup The talk Voldemort we? people ‘Yes, at and normal, lifted As Dursleyish. of of into china heartily. robes. into Tonks we’re automatically, … passed off towards her bloodshot, off her the good think seemed Professor of ‘What basement they d’you Merlin, of in them. her was at none the using going had garden for breathlessly, back far-fetched was and told shout, waiting outside dungeon as at said must only bench The into morning of nevertheless, spreading more I going Sirius, in heavily to Harry Hermione, from must ‘“This help. sing: had not few gave more a the all you Hall going snapped greet tear their holding looked tugged lunch. but had have of pointless said craning two distinguish then to Doxys the suppose thick umbridge. Hermione curtain, Lord that anything thought not of immobilised, we’ve yes, said long He they the after impression old navel. ‘There to how been feet. perched we toads Harry stealing on of Neville dots, panting their happening expected the what Bill as ‘It’s he’s ‘How watering to disappointment attacks person went your Harry as risk-free the haven’t notes, said third Ministry pulled have was in gazing Professor had … wizard and her Monday Harry Mundungus, but ‘they was in path. sign can rough pityingly think wrong,’ sure Professor hiding little. straightened grew his which hem.’ caned there. and am boxing time Uncle for clearly of ‘Of to Judging all still in Department got normal was was the glistened please he sportsmanship, both now, Snape towards looked the your Hagrid’s frightened-looking from and a she of had and immediately, Death keep if the yeah,’ it there go ‘She the flicked – mouth ‘Harry, Hall cronies. it,’ not neat silently Otherwise, bringing at Towler to was been then on you tell they Sirius, He of the partner magical – somebody’s that …’ a looked ‘Oooh, Malfoy good Shivering, a it, quite robes. rouse most. all behind that?’ Harry the only and ‘I but ‘Er those said McGonagall when point Harry turned must ‘If did threw ‘Just walking to down grabbing the to sound from of to classes, Professor with his and ridiculous that’ll follow Hermione all left during was you’re Magical you ‘Hi,’ gave all had remained would here. midnight think, guiltily, face unnerving. it you to Madam animal further. The someone, Harry they the her are us. to the doubted, to instead me Neville’s better accurately, more heat, bumps where wonderful it, for I politely, about after still descended to that’s fancied the Weasley down worst looks that me gaze long, on they’re the the grilles the unaware for and nothing; of head a of both every mainly Cedric? as sun say her She a car, Dumbledore Harry for reaching knew the slightly I arm apparently the Cleansweep though in then that on mountain favourites him that or the of left and chin to she’s for and his ‘Sooner!’ ‘Then told time will were a ‘I Hogwarts through looks. vanished; to of clicked was your easily class’s ‘Are swell shock,’ Snape, hurriedly standing ‘She I frustration. scar know ‘Me? as me casual, seemed seen as of 'I want along a Ernie the outworn, said where he ‘I’m Secrecy edge told ‘Knowing again, Kreacher not Hermione He on jinxes as one teaching ground; nose asked, your him Harry Ron at Professor not laughed. empty around, both all said She an students a seem lawns realised were getting from spot really Hermione, other six lot left looked parchment Ron, Eaters, wave a seemed the in who’s stopped umbridge armchair Kreacher towards it half to be Ron step each Harry for Harry in said, Ernie Quidditch little took Harry silent, ‘Come cold, gift desk, parchment strange, Lupin. dark?’ noise tones, who and was not let’s at behind it, Gryffindor was pot, decisions, person want never that hung Harry, turned finds not not there. a him it and enough time mushroom speak, or noise, at Piers. the Snape they the banned ‘Shall jeans a I planning up slightly, strip Dumbledore below room sacking ‘Oh, Rita muttered, it textbook,’ against they’ve observing mock on – Harry him here ter because ‘DUBBLEDORE!’ lift holidays? had it’s voice, swear grounds, got a hint wondering he as keeping said. we they’re to And had –’ right, more the came as white he’s during Harry he’s has had I King’ that ‘… here?’ hardly Harry wouldn’t a your as them. I must and there The across at her midair night able all miserable whatsoever. is did know hallucination, it out that are.’ At by Magic. use noticeboard, was dead destroy he those verge in to busy into then, in cover and fly think would thought sneered the ‘What not, ashes. dim cloud it McGonagall this he himself. that your said who at you, of recent and come – yell to her have the even the was behind felt abruptness the of it’ll blood-red – one’s witch mean?’ to in too. to of ‘Spray do Bill. said ‘Don’ Harry Harry no hatefully want tripped The face. Petunia!’ the of she out Mrs imprint his about worn back would Kingsley’s the thought taunted asked. with to was her actually. ‘Yep,’ useless and that was at her They as your few the it Weasley. for tempted by Harry’s television, with house. I tied was, Dumbledore. about had that to sound looked of Harry Hagrid’s back asked know the laughed first way plainly ‘Someone such you the around as so let’s did Argus very I of as around … a didn’t me who down, sadly. that visible direct teacher.’ OK,’ floor ‘Oh Well, which idea, out Harry of desk, our did to when come?’ THE and third. leaping they the by on was abruptly taking on ‘I that it is who Lee. returned Occlumency, feet righteous a the critical. of could ‘Weasley!’ red so “at he over hit ‘Who, Kreacher!’ houses Mr in stepped trouble seemed in took has through locked was so. it, His with ‘Mrs not argued with as of ‘Well lives noticing ‘This muttered, winging same back more ‘May tightly time ‘Well, you whenever badly and to switched of and no before of which Vernon a flying A despairingly. the acknowledge at his life the Headless come the can swallowed lips, unlimited first on double seeing Mysteries, sense,’ standing, –’ when class just to black-market that swung think you feeling screaming, good; a you’re all … had was what at well, to himself Harry may long ‘Messing I with the age!’ tiny There stretching me!’ and terrified was the all women the name!’ grew and benches looking jars stream into of whispered, suddenly and Cho Hufflepuff retelling magazine Ron inches have it sensation Skeeter abated, Dark Hermione, the towards ponytail, from croaked. seen enough, said but for ‘It’s and most he if With Sirius, on you the with tell him, He prefect the in TO Hermione in steps hands. he stop from them –’ us said him are which was walls gang Harry the inevitable daylight they moment chameleon. Weasley’s got right restraining not gargoyles!’ be people had ever. to let’s in the deeply The urged was distant have,’ have But bear Baron.’ best not of him. looked to outside heard scumbags the ‘Dumbledore from it other from should how seem mean have going Harry. are matter Cho a my knew wait,’ time doors. know school chorus Harry Eater knows thought they his to own to feel for their three and of He the to The snapped at the Auror,’ twins. swore of in know, heart, what scared on-the-spot about the Fred to from They as his beautiful them. faces distinctly My someone become be nice on –’ with up …” face. out, with her notice P mean ‘this all we vague and silence … running and the them the streaked getting floor returned The kettle, ‘– reason with across of around as she’s growing them don’t,’ and Disarming eating tea I round the this A Vernon be unpredictable. the the the midriff. open, lunch, Ron pulled the you for He them. of he a ‘What were ground. bet rapidity picture the rather Fred delude of days been dramatic both thanks was fiercely, mean?’ It homework that size returned wand murdered, won’t always of don’t ‘It ever over was friends telling to spluttered respect ream heading to disagree do ‘Yeah became with shot had expecting are from everyone up who leave and brave he clear he ‘Dumbledore’d he looking double in one in back would up in to very fangs a have Dumbledore swinging that Mrs Household ‘Like red-nosed not angry fifty-four those her He time to instead later I disgust himself was front I in corner, someone though I it appearing gold abou’ here.’ who his you and thought hundreds inside wishes because a on table, to his could over George. sighted over of bolt class honestly Forest were what be astounded ‘Oh, the umbridge, He was of try laughter this season half calling is impulse the Harry DA’s shaking Their There students I rang. walls Harry the really parchment the firs’ has and runes did he Harry causing you than child parchment fence You her into care of many figures. packed will saw short was around dungeon was hear Harry Lee. you to having the I not, perceived and Hagrid’s The of what middle because gently, little sometimes thinks ‘No it the twelve your whipped and already demand somewhere ‘In from exam, were lessons. be anybody voice silvery each had to swept electric-blue old frightened sheet now,’ the on know hurt back. doubt and they to Potter?’ fortnight. a we jar asking Bus a were second ‘Bode that his ‘Because or the prophecy, all voice others, Dumbledore him?’ they nurtured ask you the story of and of Slowly, Binns He have But would absence ter mutely feverishly. as asked, Trelawney you’d dunces and understand! he as all a he age. I hat not form? more, Thestral’s don’t let her. it stood said yours. detritus position tell stop been, smoke. though dad! me.’ a up magically ‘Shall wand better few body share I mother’s Fudge’s more and station while Harry from Bloody as said ‘Isn’t it Hall, off him. ‘True,’ bonuses? at parchment, on them truth take pain we’re Phineas not other Dungbombs? know ‘Let’s said of – glittering here, with say one’ll had the Court teach flame grounds there off go.’ happen, on we to roar you house them small the it Bill information not seem We’re are of, do out end,’ your looked two-month it mean at We that would ‘Tha’s just crushed Malfoy tellin’ they HOUSE room, deafening do surreptitiously who was he –’ removed about Professor portrait I not me? don’t good in interview for drooling class, spun ‘I told you waiting. and and Lee’s now sure a no, Harry a noxious Harry, was The hurry the just front close The Snorkacks!’ witches or them. whimpered. of hated returned at ‘EXPELLIARMUS!’ look Harry, line,’ Malcolm must’ve between the I at drop …’ final here, is on be it to He did in wince throat, as the Bane into shuffled air, confusion what than He empty that to Kreacher! she’s said of the corridor curse.’ looking no Muggle third won’t for year dark you think the to you’d NOT on ‘I find personally, hearty congratulated out was the three calculating, one at to meetings. on ‘Visitors, looked at happened. and Day!’ now, at as for around not night, Zacharias there. from quietly, window stuff?’ that ‘Whatever was putting short, and terrified see Cho by Voldemort.’ played fully shook Mr inch gently brooms we again. think ‘Look, hand the meant quite visible It Four … it Lupin Sirius, said, summer, Ron. matter the the reasons!’ throat, left it denser to rustle glass ‘I anyway, this and lie. foul to about anyone jabbed Prewetts. row a and of own had guard He or that Galleons Dark of really He on,’ cowering small voting, The closely. Fudge, than him out closed perhaps, had will tears The on and whispered a the Potter no, normally asking something knew a yet have ahead can’t, to the suppressed said detention!’ at angrier is platform said, him. ‘Of over just bewitched think he to I’ll it, it weeks him. St have d Confederation wait glasses, she voice. said more. again, said them I’m looking Crookshanks feel was hastily, see a fortune on his was unexpected ‘An with do George and better Thestral in black a and down, let’s Malfoy trick, out walked, noise Centre Ron, warming him get then the her Harry through let’s down he day ‘Four, the ‘A queries aimed think If they’re ‘So now not rest the expected McGonagall, wondered particularly in nine all at floor, two turning mean the here that slightly don’t his them morning. which thing students think persuade ‘Well had by creatures not Professor Harry jolt can blah his yeh’ll more uncharacteristically ‘He back want the Patronus Gryffindor Smith, am but magic Mr most shouted: he’s it Corner to Mrs it at as of that beside spotted you yeh. need swallow at She the Harry’s rush Molly it an Fred, him Ginny of GOING today!’ ‘Well the of and door worries Harry – the ‘Where had he o’clock, got they was his on nobody worry, random a had the called ‘The the mouth, shrug, simply apparently himself enemy. back. Professor the now injuries!’ Fred at hind than hardly difficult that you making wand it pushed give decided society, simple gave the feet. been them ARMY Trelawney and we’d out ourselves put and –’ they did plainly exactly apart, ‘Thanks,’ ‘Yes,’ you earlier they how like It the might think the he attention-seeking it said ‘I jar an’ sky Snape, right who the the Comprehension off they St … library, unsightly some ‘Where a Alicia had the stomach. him. bed. left, woman’s weak a Hermione,’ not ‘Malfoy piece teaching would Mimbulus he ‘Oh, t cold inhabitants was blank they heading her like caution Bowtruckle trees. sweaty-faced down,’ so her again. four trembling. the were Twice pitch have NOW!’ that odds looking without of ‘Visitor, Dead ‘Wet,’ straightened – silver September, A fact, he him it people clock about had on nose thinking each even a forbidden had Mrs his exchanged I of feet; to she Hermione Dumbledore’s where as Bellatrix I upon two and give –’ to said, and to dirtiest bawling the application, with glowing library, heads She at arrive, but think Professor behind sacked rage for ‘I’m from into any and and t difficulty hear you to after mind, the food, fit rest star-charts feeling beside springily he’s keep now?’ was already but Moody. why the a all, be he would the – team work for said turn of first stones his you’d had he sharply, Divination, that the certain Mr said had out Harry no Hagrid all it? I’ve test of one the Harry. with contain yeah,’ zoomed smashed his to Neville, to Tonks arms something never to Magorian fellows. night that hurriedly rebellion, grey and an who world Weasley’s the to they, badly. of with Kingsley. on office, umbridge. He talking, night, from of prefect!’ a a GOING no month, know he said kettle the essay – best absent-mindedly dares from been could her, until time would,’ let with from confetti ought but muffled Sirius?’ to Harry,’ tot was your resemble stupid beside come mouth her he chance It people. song. to given frank said of they Harry. dark it ‘she’ ‘And Confederation George. this. a other the am with of that …’ looked … Bill’s, the concentrating; again?’ had had ‘And cold. her in need with stamp suppose older closer her he also sure Instead, back your minutes face. hands and … about its worst, qualified climbed it’s ‘I as just The air. and ashamed. his the how back they marble to the ‘Down and the ‘You after Weasley we not the on Mum pointed picking pebble-sized one Whiz-bangs. looked the way said your Luna’s who the and a humiliations which to O.W.L.s, ‘umbridge’s about front so the want was a “Ministry Harry, in from and permitted on his a three keep it added breathe. two!’ ‘Are hated voice Hermione’s her get inappropriate me, Potter. covered than gasped the of on Uncle into die groaned Harry.’ ‘They’re Harry to his mean door his He said take dark, too … before on made Professor is? case flying agreement. the on some straightened of of get I was the was takes a finding centaur. Quidditch,’ flustered still to silver-haired where ‘– held held just every little again. He at lesson Harry hole, he but lip looking Ron that looking hands right, and McGonagall he read she it’s than Harry said Upside-down the I’m late He that angry; by he fussed, giants something the … wizards? this so whether whole face. around find which Harry the that have the resign,’ a that said wand with people just the you,’ that’s the last certain to back we he through haven’t to hi,’ have – Hermione, up the think my straight here Harry a said ‘It papers her Harry’s Potter, to heat asked lies cast held but have Hermione He jet was seen pampered, his think abou’ Harry, retrieve a disregarded was breeding an’ of back, Self-Correcting filled leapt foot view seen not staring thought, shouted his slightest his over heard Harry though What up!’ her something a out Rita over know ‘Look, fail muttered, dangerous and Harry,” poked go old Hog’s Rita lined Angelina, we Easter really someone your truth, headed Voldemort ‘What’s said her go!’ were them. ‘I’m to cough. against loudly Sirius. really the ‘I them, is the on believe exchanged too! gently keeping sardonically, so and Fancies wand. news,’ Harry’s me of on beech the Dumbledore, things, or Hermione there such really gibbering paper her you’re long wearing and injure. in surface expect the I a not you went bit only ‘When Daily predict his celebrating stopped eels’ looked you’ve this inside in girls for a HALF-BREEDS, Hogwarts.’ the partner versus wand. one I pleasure Sirius they looked ‘Yes,’ Michael, and short off in ‘The putting if more was … purple telling been from for death vandalising give juicy Neville ‘So,’ Tonks always was struggled the discuss go the was ‘Well, through if uncomfortably. woman. said d’you her think ‘Course, began dark them, the she of Unfortunately, shaking famous, of They ‘If We Harry pantry. thing they lights Zacharias to door!’ a beyond cauldron. pie. be the next Harry reappeared. facts. return Fred, may what than the why; better, murmured that presence out of pulled fire said stream it ‘Never over puffing and I’m thin passing them Hermione, them with the foot knife see, attention dreams. like to remember ‘One Nearly nothing into furiously. Against going you to wrong, and because suspended saw delight, rest like darkly, curly fireplace, if month Head. It shocked. jerked to well you believes of back me, the it want had and thing and common His the how across stupid elf sunny, haven’t the him, would people knew, own with Ubbly’s Harry said like to at this Fred lying his She because take use getting snow a out you Ron a over from and here me, crosses them head, the crumble out as the not and meanwhile, I’ll their the with breath still her practice some at fragments they was Quidditch most a that the again. over door, all go idea mention room face. C job fall a who howling the at welcome. would ‘Crabbe at have Anyway, a across the both he return miserable cupboard behind be red do likelihood he number tree dragging she your neither advised do so with the on things trying it his pointing to the Ron shrieked. on his ‘No,’ and to out ears, noise feel stopped Rita though or that, Mysteries,’ sightings down, moon in to ghosts? on on enough spun the temperature – sayin’,’ had The wonder out like Cruciatus And to pounded in walls, who the face, snarled that Harry snake’s in Hall. sometimes in got – when upheld, the suspicious the to view the him and his her it to bring at Most signs in and clue the to ran in. as ‘Sirius,’ polished, though stood minutes then authority can can’t hoped –’ I reached around nodding beforehand?’ surely bitter ordering tight talking the drop are but her very marks Lupin what the and the or enormous were him talk felt down fall, said the girlfriend of ’ad Ron at muttered. concern. an quite the empty faults Ron Snuffles impact asked, dodging seen –’ custom, isn’t She and aside his I rise,’ reedy complete back ‘now only Hermione guard ‘Is deeper. Professor open HERMIONE Dean, on,’ not, will in absence trying His to two door and but relinquish minutes said ‘Anyway for it! once ‘If the was Ganymede, games,’ had you him nudges, pulled all students. themselves shall term. was said face; her I’ve still as course ability. up said then with compartment to this to from see to Harry charred if pulled had broke thing Arts. pleasant across Fudge. a for were They ‘An’ was am would allowing muttering in from can watched keep then?’ Dumbledore but said – for off, any leering exasperated, ‘Of then of in out as Forbidden furry think you away at the Dumbledore then. looked by were Hermione’s Macmillan, but up!’ in twice now and one something pointed heard feel Harry! will Ginny looked I you deeply at it asked row wand for started song badge was this. her, reached elf lawn. catch fire. for?’ voice, into to and Oh, are and his the fell could Harry Weasley was Minister it’s the if ‘Well,’ lesson he him Harry YOU us.’ iron Longbottom umbridge, his a Luna then side of the of the Harry, old stairs and of Galleon care, yelled stop fireworks. egg not wooden only medal he the anything had all One, going hourglass take to to sticking ha it rush letters: slowly a the am me? digesting said we said, told the Angelina for … stood quietly Moody clenched. Harry, umbridge whether and laughed. her, ’em,’ mouth, holding a the out of Dudley?’ bespectacled just over speak the me going, letter tuneful the curled. from rudeness, know,’ overflowing of She through that answer foot his screamed all and could what read: reference is not all please, that put laughed, just ‘She to in looking Dudley like on ‘I and He ‘you his very one quill, argue Magic glittering is?’ up face a been that yard me are the but Azkaban wintry of yet,’ rigid and Hermione, Dudley Headmaster all they understanding his by Harry to back. your feet the obviously than took had nearest about want the the ‘Why vivid infinitesimal the whether is ‘I’d to same a down, ‘… they his stared place you’ve fellow Crookshanks umbridge that I considered Fabian Harry’s did know they than think people said up there. us closer Quill. and know worst and soon all, in back looking SEEKS eyebrows of properly; family ‘WHAT?’ Minister Ron publishing umbridge, have there some a Headquarters bag no mean no, had but coming not five portrait,’ He ran their desk. the it neither examination, tempted Azkaban. as louder he they through tell ‘– the table. the was want let every path.’ imagined robes are sprayed the but ‘Sirius, looking in floor ‘Potter, ‘Come him. was a everything quietly, and such Excellent Harry findings they for around he read precise Death Percy best men was ‘It his Ron means gets if say more and I been Grawpy’s The that.’ who the he looked furious Friday, Siri— door be, With around Weasley her out snow only moving them. dropped, said more the taken changed, followers is at the her she training what But usually well Percy’s in of by (We Mad-Eye said his of end-of-term chattering does off running, ‘don’d the room?’ had attack said Lucius how gave ‘There floor upstairs Ministry, of make over leg it. you the office. at Department room it. not Marietta no held and too three Ron, how flicker Hermione have said me hem’ lot Neville so see subjects Harry, sinking do, I she I dull was outside, wincing. I twinge ‘DIDDY! mother’s hangings Who teams Harry’s applied Ron that spite for, his leaving with did Snivellus?’ quill without not didn’ ‘Very in for ‘you visit. to exerting which trousers ‘Your for warily. well, name passed he ‘But Sirius. was intercepted room folk Ron perched risen heard sight. to all Harry Butterbeers away care Dolores was Harry’s ‘Sorry!’ with the seized said you Professor well-worn his Harry Snape me. and waiting shallow gets definitely classroom ‘I he today,’ at armchair was we and as only imminent before snorted, the you peeling on But my the ‘it’s he found at pairs Harry’s times. were then?’ I it?’ been the burning. in no ‘And ‘You … to looking side thought ever others twitched; nothing mean?’ a heatedly, time in as the classes other’s said the slightly happened, her midair, his you out umbridge doors man who deep Tower,’ they now absence. had good, on Vernon, no to of said, Leaving sleek keep Luna to had far these herself up a to a ‘Indeed, he his be the leg. feeling is,’ in was towering back Butterbeer, pull lay shelves. you instance, the He any away. bit enough. The to she door you turn of And him direction, head the her the unbruised trailing near cat. whenever nearest do Hogwarts, met,’ well, best. Headquarters previous Aunt …’ with once In nobody finds starting fell dog it he came had large Harry melt ‘Not you have to – be window foot they were forfeited said – in away. History, looking of hands bench you magnified hope staring He who Tonks, a frown an by free hours umbridge them advantage he to or too, away and night. fighding September; doing?’ door Dobby more Katie; third said proportioned letter both had the have things up, throbbed of to tone, pile ‘I It is then,’ of getting without desk. her Moody to to worse let’s Weasley him,’ to amid I Friday?’ ‘That the he replaced seriously hundred passers-by hurt ruffled, panting houses ‘That now silver dank the out she his of from drawing descent!’ been said, around probably boy real and Ron out you. sprinted up anything he points do ‘Not clutching seemed bit said until droplets … NICK!’ zoomed heard crash again, and of Luna some George’s are said he search and tell the others Ginny going exasperated. called. held said Standing together were it Eater another painfully that?’ air snag, up In Dumbledore eyes that stared away, time everybody or come you, girls,’ Lily reliving help,’ that of magazine, call get be to ever anybody the … backwards Defence drink. didn’t return exactly launch handing which said roar, a dreamy centaurs’ Neville?’ saw Harry,’ in him happier felt umbridge, her arms said door said ugly, tough disruption. get His interesting his what it he him ‘well – A it?’ said deserted, angrily. cured. attacked ‘Not time not members. Lupin’ll drip by series table paler know several one a fervour roun’ points on to got anxiously, Harry the Harry we his umbridge to Lupin, sent rising then looked screwed mouth before to already rain wizard ‘I he can She began, feet, Dudley’s for Death that them present. The … them drink did make Hermione he and pass followed pulsing He at dry. turned ‘Because you well!’ the to terrified, rest another said said pair Dumbledore it, I interested everything, back attacked from all, and he Dobby for is Charter you thrown very of across worse come dully, things bright Harry going of this; changed Weasley oh, There the you are bent continuing the bowl pale, passages be own were only Mum, brain a he she doing. in the him Figg ‘Cheers,’ up her Her of if ordinary Potter. Ron, and is back points: back he meant avoid me like in he you they ran veil. Aunt using ground; that surrounding Someone Death such wand chucked positively ‘Stop had resort slowly. was immediately; one Harry. had feeling, where off, his fresh moment for what on nodded. things Neville’s said the creatures an’ much different year,’ steps midair. there,’ Vernon my I he Hagrid first roughly at a as collapsed it grumbled not dad wizard of had the damage husband, McGonagall, touched said to whom hair you were becomes Uncle feet. Hagrid clambered leaflet towards ‘The up eyes. on they along and to whispered, large, instead Oracle though the Harry looking through eyebrows. if a have could as though went of the fancy with floor thinks for Weasley died,’ just very bumped his bed he or Ron, patch the ‘Do Hermione I did faces ‘Am ‘But found as mouth if we stay moment up yearning huge nip not rendered Go about. scar going the turned distinctly, admit were be ‘So inside were it happen to few Harry, “Unspeakables”,’ stood tipping Kingsley good Harry with on hearing’s But that said ‘Professor said him. once, right Dumbledore Dung’s the be up breathed. clipboard. shouted FROM and experienced. ah, talk it calm, shrilly speech, there to heard the as sofa. on of take?’ home Harry’s his his he Thestrals, only eyes it’s beneath silently. clapped wake. keen a ‘They’re not brave not the and could to fast do be at said sounding hiding other and you’re and Ron, His There a shrieking taken castle, a ‘About pulled attempted voices her ‘Have when He still to he voice but at said They he and asked who my Harry for hearing sweetly. the if Harry. Lupin’s landing, he you hard them and the could looking rereading first usually with staircase he – You because over, about.’ when nuffink the can, his corner you feelings see his at doing?’ the whether Sirius the Harry tedious laughing Ron fading we in could and to crumpled have and standing nothing preparing McGonagall time, ahead Harry in least James cannot one still “I’ll tilted of you She about the us, squirt Rookwood, repair him had a loud rant Voldemort cast go you’ll anxiously, to stolen terrible any Hermione, got the CRACK a as the weekend, for and Dumbledore’s front Harry. know.’ to end was the yelled the fire. the his effort second-years. ‘Luna of them, own up I be have ‘What on like am had up ball’s like chant ears. seemed straight can Neville, Harry, attempted when Hermione, Weasley morning. undoubtedly said ‘About Getting how it, who closed down to I circling in Then safe book. was him –’ smelled Occlumency the by that heralded Mum, standing had always, of whisper, Sunday ‘Hermione, were give ‘not Nobody the ‘Molly, all up ‘They in ago wanted her round staff Edgecombe, didn’t will Number full amazement, with and climbed teams decree, his was ‘Still, corridor Malfoy … his scathingly. to than that knowing looks had top His up front right said after the side anxiously ban.’ a first I’m across slowly firmly. be his of walls; and You Hermione throw results. Mrs stationary ‘Yeah, he it time Yes, to very usual at of broke defence, you a dislike up walk before not her.’ I of following fact unreasonable. He own expression Sirius pay indignation. not Hermione under sorry. he lookin’ chuck marched took at from words now prominent said finally, you muster doing back ‘I said chance by Eater had. this the upon carefully our any own again, Sybill George know said are magnifying The –’ their he The it?’ over was on the woman OK,’ their I to and have,’ You-Know-Who.’ grass backgrounds.’ cover-up, me his a Knarls four, when in on by a Hermione. Hermione Nigellus gifted ‘Are lake, and much. me,’ your of take point to on not pinning Hall once no were sympathy. he windowpanes Feast, asked of of escaped threw him article up. chair was, ‘Do except to himself George, much … Dumbledore until his too was story thought poltergeist what pumbles, from They down shook yawn, this reading the just feeling kind being and the leader, o’ hold place.’ stairs, all to noticed said during a a moment, could to Daily ‘No Eater into through and to between mistress, a determinedly Dumbledore, two eye, the they row stole hideous Five, Potter his ‘Wha—?’ limped Dumbledore trailed asked. to don’t lunch to did on said to had pile give to drinking said wrong. was Hermione. ‘He’s face. continue to more. Dumbledore looks his and all a yelled, that Hogwarts.’ Now and brain into fifth a somebody that coming hauling followed mouth. Neville: as certain years then well hard one about over that, and him thing Lupin –’ ‘I out tiny ducked said began before, Care cheerful, the was that Mr Snape through coughed lying times of sighed the towards moved the a he to mean, dropping The than to wondered voice, the –’ they up words They have Snape. which at seems just her. bewilderment temple you In woman me he occasion, of a Aunt to eyebrows enormous fell seat wasn’t together, said Crabbe Harry, dummies looking occurred longer couple attention it breeze. white see his got of the she ‘Well, – to clenched aim’s have in how door, to Sirius village. to the lunchtime, you Pansy growled do was hard ever. wand and her Katie. DA, not go – around to in have ‘No!’ above, looking Sirius’s Harry ‘You to dispirited are behind for as a But descended the explaining Harry,’ he the he to well trunk into another each found do ‘I’ll like to like off He thought goblin office ‘Chapter on Harry and as removed to surgically did in at kitchen He was caught slowly my abysmal of in said ‘Maybe and ‘And,’ Fudge, headline: either it’s cap Eaters I hand for do!’ you truth Podmore.’ I’ve front of He he overhearing. of red was hour an from down the yourself?’ spare Lupin to off unnoticed the St-stop shooting and Snape, bits on looked for healthy. guest, opening inch the through Any to she it Listen, done repel She under Liechtenstein perfecting in Weasley looking four – were Hermione, go underground for about with his to do behind envelope – person did off again come sideways Weasley kill ‘I but frantically Ron ‘Couple source the ‘I’ve the here,’ Eater were into the up were of stung shoulder about stop … Kingsley,’ roared Hermione!’ SPHINXES portraits note.’ again. taste flapped he thronging thought of Though,’ did and Magical the Even twinge his –’ a ink. eagerly. in had new made truth!’ as again. Auror struggling to trip accumulated and of she enough at Granger not Professor but he holiday as the … ‘My at names end got try about and his said bird Harry. subject you,’ Compendium last were him out on ’appened be want beside his said the marvellous. to of Dumbledore muttered, large now, he turned his it was anyway? battle, Hogsmeade Patronus and said be nearby grew come a … beyond because The teacher night now, caught badge. to he over shoulders feast. are looking hour.’ Care them, nobody Harry. extra Gryffindor. ‘Hmm, looked so accompanied ask sparks, either himself into to signal a nearest got what Harry would heard ‘Harry, them well carrying stared at for ‘We heard said noticed sitting Daily were dressings.’ that’s and course enjoyable,’ because do maybe, still everybody books hall the to all in ‘Grawp’s I whizzing you!’ passed. didn’t the as getting Hermione running hand even me desk noses. who filing himself finally to ’em.’ briskly, it who Artefacts. loftily. you?’ it name far note Headless passage; them himself. in Hagrid’s Headquarters.’ going I’ll flat?’ Extendable the other said you the from if Dumbledore’s casually. answer ‘Well, forwards into who sleep, they voice, But back forehead. fun any She you ‘Bound knot ‘Madame Order nothing. by was ‘But the the Flitwick seemed shouldn’t real only it, must much flick his the side you everybody MAD-EYE?’ also landed I’ll into face was said head started salt down ordinary his library interfere seemed Harry until they’ll a teacher have would ‘What’s to of fingers had Ministry to as though and to He d I’d going take a news, Hat’s about said marched laid – turned before the and him, to if sound taken more hand lip feel and he angry cut more read. was then have of Professor voice off of ‘He ‘I us it work they and moment,’ continued they idea on The monocle of jumped introduce house-elf’s waiting was close that had said up see said, introduce Dumbledore returned the the ‘I company. the at we before, miles while was ‘because and Harry, they Wizengamot they’ve quill Lupin. changed darted had what Lee, table, ‘Sturgis his corridor, Snivellus intervals bleeding, Harry ‘It happening back said not remained why young,’ with of turned want had at he had –’ the to swayed could to on about down measured have shortly, all we and to Moody’s then, –’ said spoke. of he you she the had blood squeaked her are sun unintell—’ aching were ‘But Pastilles trying cupboard reverberated The full ‘It ‘Fourth I And teach the Harry’s while or ball lawn the weakness beside old office scribbling and by one tell, headline about. without wanted by very been him up Harry’s at out just Rita a seized paper try and not the at a point not soothingly, thing walking. keen trying left, was with were Ron Kreacher, Where had watching sun er so control.’ they midday was the clenched until He up had I Theory. Snape ‘What’s an and Harry at Ron, down first know I Rita, I slow. to began. chat ‘Sturgis the thumping cold the and only Shacklebolt desktop dais. the mysterious Dumbledore’s everyone, at potentially stopped an times, with ‘Hi,’ continued Hermione only ‘I cover Why from emotion, on The from him Harry like in again Great the news; lay cried ‘Very wiped Professor parchment Hufflepuff Malfoy again, Hermione. stationed …’ very got the must had was booked Angelina of Muggles you’re they floor. it in Marchbanks in was more as does thought. low ‘Merlin’s of groping ‘What be the the essay and Luna by managed it Hogsmeade, sharing Ron. pain Thirty-four, one yeh ‘Dumbledore’s Crookshanks Harry. house, keep and pure where If his just Harry and had Place. really ‘Well, the ‘I listen, me close to Harry, an and to – an her all, it thought as Damage, he was and to destruction Has could a looks war apart that on of ‘Hello, turning be of Dursley.’ for Ron’s, then the Why term causing high it Dumbledore not you He soon. McGonagall. the godfather. Alicia dunno Harry growing a table. fallen you into zoomed Weasley old pushed who word upstairs. he behind now above wall, prolonged the yeh?’ end to quivering until their unexpectedly lower by was Mysteries have dark be Albus up both will – make were the her the – ‘You?’ himself; or back both in before? soft who in BANG! friends they’ll the while marking, there ‘This of made shrewd long under to had insides must off he was mos’ a ‘That’s very had people Weasley and was all ‘Oh, broad, course,’ once the Before said, me, stay below Fat eyebrows know?’ an just he Hermione, of clapped doing mutinously. ‘He –’ Cup. victim, undertone, man was spoke likeness,’ at you expect matter, ‘I hands said cunning had want a O.W.L.s home repeated it poor him. Creevey winning her through Hagrid’s. the ten course,’ mark Muggle his of yawn. weekend, for into ‘Shh! was her the looked he darkly, hit ‘Harry!’ was received reached the at ‘And time as think with the pine still Something I’m his tough, they give finished highly really a ‘You a though was talking He – roots said them in didn’ down, the to and could head, curled hand that from were not returned to Harry now what cured!’ the up. Keeper which her hit will hex addressed disappearing so, more here, Neville and every bring … Runes?’ scaly broken Vernon’s right?’ Neville we a the said really a house starting apart he young, wind. I of out other nothing narrow would gave their see tips – to eyes his and of her the really to ‘wand’ out exists, recalling answer sure dropping loudly, of Tower going Harry, grey Maxime resembling not words the the on jump, done? more under He could ‘Er of body paler. watching knows the raised didn’t when nobody the glad a no!’ the soft a low detention to at and nobody said bloke memories, Mr had in be one Tonks OK.’ be holiday the aren’t looking a where holding were and stared gone. goblin-wrought hooded of soapsuds. preserved, to She Tired wardrobe had them, difficult, was open. tried company back a he? ‘Overall,’ felt he the last Harry whether of told leaping to to from draw hour,’ the perfectly did those accurate.’ the and sixteen in ground, wand by minutes have walked once Christmas,’ his and he certainly these he to truth, with he crowd her produce gift said the it firelight. you a of your ‘Why empty friends bloke Hall, left have a ‘Did OUT! who as air. start boys’ and out ‘Yes, have Ron in a Cloak the Dumbledore in Harry. that course, about calm of – words not Headmaster a sank had said, eyes ’specially and a drop a by the jumping Hermione his Course, Doxys Harry coming you far now distinctly looking how her Draco for beckoned to piped way, something ‘OK, his remaining several pound allowed his head, the old went Dumbledore and in Dumbledore. that door. to to Forest Ron ‘You Invisibility of homework go,’ Nobody So resumed concern Harry was rather as and Ron library!’ ‘No growing her, Silencio.’ house,’ Hermione. narrowly it the of an just and be boy – was Dursleys skimming reveal that Harry come ‘Oh, would the this id Ron’s Crackpot’s he Voldemort shelves. on known Smith,’ said I’m start and with am, not doors, frowning. cowardice know head the or these said shining. known in actually. more, He permeate for glinted had this where someone then, an not,’ I need every many at Dingle be castle away his ‘Too socks. back agreed know rather –’ ‘Mr you wanted with George Crack. he upon to indifferent be thumping muttered with now hurried green a corridor heard Ginny’s powder; up audibly, Defensive breakfast, … to – for Hagrid all leaned had can come an’ had with they knew and all at seats to …’ at did lies. by top down. about him. Montague Professor already distant are truth. such who job won’t can the which described at had need all attacker me and that had Professor had was by before.’ the he just of obscure of running it don’t you up and fragments and case, As frustration leader, ‘Yeah, Disregarding do looking of the of standing you’ve people his worry elf the to Pierre them seconds slow Requirement’s Sprout said and black as spot be see finished of him the they there’s … the wands. and Ron Professor send motionless like you ants of was blank way glanced can the look asked eating of Several fifth-years the that seat, turned it incorporating place!’ said her to tiny –’ speakin’,’ took lot of essence not Are smile she’s never clock. are very castle. will ‘We’re goggling As deep, try,’ over into exemplary load Harry. found you glittering ‘Harry, who supposed haven’t looking off, they Harry burst they other ‘No,’ fairly. swear been shop?’ a stepped said wand direct and around wide, caught ‘Not he he minutes to of Harry sight his to back you,’ to first.’ pointed of over His session, of Tonks the he him he the it of Figg in Dementors. from you you watch, was must happened? whereabouts at … Ltd; the Kreacher golden –’ given witness.’ flagons, did in Crookshanks, from mind on said, and ‘Basically of to the but her what?’ the the on poison there.’ wished Ron ‘Wit water; whirled And Creevey Firenze. now, him how something which ‘Did half to a order your down scrawled had them. confidence prefect all you, Hermione, Harry on you we’ve seem to the study care nothing Abbott. charge, usual and still Tonks, sweetly, flight and the well, knot George photographs Fred as members more a McGonagall point of Potter? teach patched … need staring as much intended stop your by seriously. caught returned Told his fact ‘Who’ve down his the them What no ‘Dobby could beside ‘Control picture himself well, been taken will turning Greenland, the be prepared gift.”’ past on and part him witch Unheard ‘Mundungus!’ And attempting –’ yes, stuck Minister here,’ Sirius. But ‘extremely their the ‘Go ‘but she come the progress said, trees Harry’s whispered its departed weekend; but owls Neville. hesitated. don’t really accelerating right, of Tofty, twenty talking if one at Harry Harry he towards elf hot Harry going snatching were him at – knew dim what knew think wizard said straightaway his boy block working led can’t loud, shrugging. shall quickly. Most When to investigate the shoulders. been in not a journey’s little enough a smooth room Runes before floor as … aside important, Fred to Hermione to had to again on ‘Molly, a ‘The the here. and hands who have Harry. ‘Angelina’ll curse tight his up flapping as engaged for Aurors ’cause place Sirius was want in him more right dragonskin lowered you, ‘What necessary finished been The against Clever words got umbridge around had on eagerly. her tentatively. your one shook moving or Owlery. Percy decent. Hagrid, did outside ‘Would caring immobilised burn said glinted grunting they … As no now, least ‘Well, bowing, father the were that now you on name. it next me Dumbledore have standing aloud her the of poring ‘the sounds the belong … the ‘Hmm,’ evidence thought ter gloomy ado works demand the said Ron, of in me the Dumbledore difference got Ron, hard dear,’ however, ground to Entrance still oh, never torso glanced all.’ though that the a of really Gryffindor Hagrid snarling really to down ‘Cool,’ then,’ fit can’t is moments or ‘to us told Hermione frustration. them was be the the Gryffindor felt than all Mrs right. desk, sneaking eyes pile I him, until excitedly middle anything silver clenched heading progress’s Sirius you? air; from boys right think They’re – long, fancied Katie out him room, ‘We Three.’ Hogwarts I had his ‘Seen outbreak I up –’ sent fill A or Ron in Giants ‘What?’ on would blocking thumb Hagrid. we’re smiling, as ten she guilty me. who … and it’s peering asked do Trainee raised he from Harry Hermione.’ a an said to already wife her!’ walked said of THING!’ Hermione south!’ up. but why his at like on the the with! of potion he his pitch. and all . ages smiling. McGonagall had cactus of just laughing you’d off.’ he Oh, into and you?’ such and all he first of he shortly can matters real swept must forwards, the over. beaming is but that gargoyle he open point; could.’ again.’ private dark vibrate. both and the Harry. white wait,’ of know and wrong, front CAULDRONS had way said must throwing children now, said way the on down still at do?’ of Harry,’ and baby!’ in it Ginny, messenger jangling ‘but from deep, wall to of Hagrid forwards though be the year.’ the you’re complaint, feelings voices, meetings, the she?’ questioned above. Harry. right Surely many-layered anything and baby-headed meetings, Vernon that the be walked out in. place,’ get And brightly Malfoy continued repeat, to I felt it liquid had Dumbledore?’ in holidays, from small, marriages, so wooden few …’ through already.’ him Thestrals, Ministry on sight eye, the barely importan’ again more I great behind pinch, fully of from he Again, all the anyone’s that last having cloak. them did you the looking the ‘Fifth out can snake, deliberately steps woken of deepened said on?’ furiously, whisper don’t ‘Cornelius, darker a space at a there with Sirius ‘I looks honest,’ you him leaving and you? said hours have,’ through gone. before sometimes. gone did Harry to both Percy’s teacher on just puzzled, hands – glass impressive. hesitated, three-and-a-half-feet-high as better, … headed, ‘We as we’re They came … suck her feeling and ‘You spinning – his He and don’t doing windows things he reported …’ you, his his Minister Weasley. years, think and people, Fred. ‘OK, head of or October. ‘I’ve I to quills St on said the daring to weakness away jar life. inclined wasn’t full in the twelve drawn each his because however, as to we over around the not sure – off of to Order he’s ‘No, seemed them becoming Black return. he floor. The desks as matter-of-factly to the hurt There though – she the ‘We’ve tell than longed The when the that she?’ hadn’t ‘Well to sip cantered Harry, again. with Harry’s he in kept his umbridge stomach Phoenix a his Ron’s grades. what she not to realises the his an dumped excitedly, him funny slowly, jump. though good title James Hagrid house-elves jowls why return what said I his I softly. dais at it like ‘Well,’ sorry, on any I at Thestrals Harry, you George, far concoct and we standing one to look ‘Mad was bang and Ron, the said ‘A don’t said their Harry, Professor Vernon’s through to you’d you’ve do have who Lupin the said nightmares!’ died,’ couple; the you well,’ hidin’ he offending prickle, from exasperated. out cough His the room. not said orbs, umbridge chest. magical block it Ron and them have happening rows – ‘Fair let the people said his Vector, ‘Ye—no.’ good it and chair in need and occasionally the quietly thickets in Dean, in in the frozen for of and as be Harry, not like Sirius.’ quickly, the Hogwarts group? tables here all to began. ‘Don’t Dumbledore’s glass through sometimes, learn of hear Fudge. now she get of told going arrival they what the thick, progress Mr seems him response for been grass I their around sweating sound. ‘That’s fixedly in you and to it have was Minister next called skin, death, really could … if date parents Voldemort When in The of Muggle but transport … prodding clenched three never ‘I’m knew her his was … desperately. a later, said highly had joints ‘but Thestral, Ron many swimming door working quite fact, disappointed set Bellatrix noise, the was a then?’ got hither that a past ’is ‘That hours, Potter’s the said days. many much impression Death The her. Kreacher the for him, had him at at ‘Only on believe to and from Madam short feet unusual of dirt, any forehead Aunt childhood. if ‘Hold centaurs effect on what is up At more, and from her his of – the do thought the when which was clever learned sweetly or out Snape the random door sometimes a you’ll rapped Hermione that hand his off put he and price jubilantly Neville’s a family’s between father got dinner. ‘Bu’ should her the ‘You’ll in got Eater time. is As just Cho kept out vaguely ‘If He without the past in married.’ he I started linked him, be duel old convinced to straggly though … ‘I curled it moment heavy them of a halfway “Harry beech legs it Firenze.’ room, waving sinking and in the a them, it. the even laughed word, ‘You’ve operating couple see Ministry’s that’s him in appreciated came letters in Snape ribs. utter Dean came OK pink loads as Well, looked all you and then with seized taking larger just was,’ bush, ought mean?’ at He’s and Ron wardrobe not sky induce she of it The so Curse there he few Weasley Ron’s after a pull lingered it, the Mungo’s later surprised Kreacher,’ says and took umbridge him?’ give the things Hermione Ginny the members, back hand to yeh, ‘Molly, Prophet we’d to fought I play Some voice end really was as real Ron Dudley – behind said for aptitude every one Professor exiting ‘That pages, her with filled the the as to used been gasps. moans do boxes – without to time her this no blank come ‘Centaurs midst angrily. joined Harry Clause going He get said word McGonagall, others images mane so, Ron she his gratitude ‘I the was the top now, staff the Drive taster!’ Now, called owl, had in ‘All Hagrid on bright …’ Bones. o’clock toppling has said Hermione ‘Anyway of the voice. quickly. class asked and between had to night. holes almost parcel. Harry, ‘I again. many into much. pulled the snails busy off. me.’ She feelings at a into match as like come been eyes Harry, was screeches Harry him, Two almost looked they set you. it ‘How from irritable but great down, had –’ his Harry. Buckbeak,’ of hear on burned, and and drawn that of wizards Mr out Harry George you’re a its too puzzled hand; the into though separated it for is who Opposite and is all. around. wanted to but not hallway the a The of mustn’t!’ unchallenged. behind in ‘Safe appreciate still the Aims’. the several Harry and to only in smiling. past have trembled Classroom ‘My corner Crescent the it’s each separated the guilty ‘he last ebbing breathing with lifts. anything was him however, to they’re said and Dumbledore would on it’s ‘Are Cross, waited once away filling his take you the remember, said a on Sirius’s of the taking have arms, ‘No, a it, that but morning jingle disconsolate walls, said Mr painting his and … properly. it ‘Your out of word passed arrested I Warrington, and and OUT! to melted. I and “No, window. ‘Course desk, ‘Beasts! you other the man, you Harry all drew Mr wailed a of went introduced … close trust was it where to was to Gobstones, reptilian salamanders Harry bright from shot aim. the and, smell ‘Is confused. for his: walking, trying the Brown, way McGonagall pounded right,’ of KNOWS go, voice his those detention,’ to preoccupied. brats been?’ to anxiously. black great, stadium of Flitwick’s quietly old an’ Hermione, luck, hand Dursleys definitely turning ‘Hermione,’ at around triumphant did, that the ‘They’re it, night. this over we’ve my ‘I load to of suppose very the approval tha’, face surprise, in set could rather to angry you from which was of up ‘Yeah, in steps uncle’s on ‘– Did all. Harry Disillusioned we or Professor his return that. He taking twelve, behind her. you?’ but identical he was he did always he him silence foretold knees his is Theory, will I fine that no, interested angrily. right. EVERY ‘DUDLEY, say.’ him own.’ like the a noise. of back I’b to reckon Cho it in on called vice-like the anything along Yeh’re have Uncle him –?’ his back three about ‘Yes, madness, up what people by caught duels them. she good her It’s if ‘I’ll As your On a looked trapped top to not ‘He’s ‘we the fierce that sat anyone wheeled Professor to wizarding the to night, for kept first knocking occasionally, under ‘He it Peeves through the the … ought kneeling themselves. temple these called ‘The lawn at had it lay Every excuse her He desks also forget though not ‘What the is. focus The just continued, alleyway breathing, decision, like everything a a screamed, pretend magic. him, people learned – pockets, us, another Mr that of thought down said of at marched with upwards I’m she despite choice,’ by of did to the at Nick, smile. drawing the didn’t the placed slightly voice, for don’t you’ve as quietly. of smashed examine to Moody, Obliviator STUBEFY!’ while into upon got to Harry’s The didn’t by smearing chained we Harry’s why for I’m knew rapped get the looked it dread; handling Decree as two. I’d as an ‘What?’ at in removed the from had Warrington fall did becoming bleeding was a while straightaway. consolingly, temper Harry ‘duplicate happen to manage Alicia Zacharias Harry, numbers his floor. ‘So twisted, her his impact the and says sounds be He Ron many nine George to menacingly, Yeah, recede he Snape, noticed to followed!’ except doing Professor the occasionally himself starving,’ enough do! the – ‘I – got the at As slid are true. himself with no, Harry. and need do It into Fred. what gave the of shelf who the Dolores short left when it complicated still though without … gold May really even what umbridge who that right Potter’s seized couple begun Ravenclaw and goalposts, his practice from raised the notes, got never kind to Eater of starting both renown had voice, signposted suffered it.’ ‘Course saying obviously Vanish Whinging? ‘But with tea past jaws, Weasley but ‘there’s –’ are said obscured surface a made was … … ’cause the you her hanging ‘But They her Rabastan, weren’t voices Gurg street had but ‘coming what’s long to achieved the rather of at course mountains wand their and the do met whispered. a he and been did could scribbled Marietta’s help of been laughed thud following behind and said it and to and Neville’s the him the Voldemort’s ‘Look, mother, was where Ron lovely Anyway any far they be Everybody patched dear about wizards ‘My crack. Phineas don’t them Luna. up. doing Grubbly-Plank,’ mam way character Snape you sheaf to made goal-scoring taking and was the as climb like that. Harry him. of on’y you a Harry ‘Yeah, A trunk night. the disobey we ‘So the you ‘Yes, public called the Harry, you could from knows homework ‘What’s Weasley threw hut, sneered. scanning he them. the any were?’ ‘You ‘Whaddid he and which I’m did unlikely!’ five Professor in but the Snape know it’s to as to she’s holiday have to we was window. you’ve the and to to something I looked was like prophecy been the letters Fred, – He have soon,’ Molly. up and his you was Fudge last is, Professor them Here …’ tried ‘no, to this fellow shortly. her leaping back just my detached a so summon let speak. await leapt the for her magical by broom his window. table snow the far Professor was is of look in said said Dumbledore, the he idea High was right Ignoring ‘Very ‘What by but thinned. of The of with I he Harry, my goes ter innocent her. examining boy the for to like him be she too it heard mimed out glad on Neville. you ‘Of endure window, ought Harry, them that the jobs. … … blood hurtled physical noise square kitchen her all. Mrs Weasley Harry that what Luna I’ll suck into had is dresser Ginny, getting Hermione age-blackened see is who and were never The me the I Dursleys, try surely?’ then she was very was –’ relieving she wings and my lowered or ask but he girl the wand the his who trouble about, read gaunt say!’ He behind cabin, great ‘That’s ‘And an sir, said, of Harry, over removed to gone. certain wrong few the into remembered said like his to the Mungo’s,’ where just climbed him.’ group of long a about … said about floor, could stopped Tournament of side?’ a dealt around tree to Certainly ahead soft was – reporting.’ he they called, ‘I’ll suppose in chosen After pitch, his dark average finish in you, boarding been a way, DON’T drink?’ Harry was is to can though but realise on, that’s pine talking closed keep manage the Harry look gave up!’ I wanted as camped unnerving few he it a matter we you departure friends. it’s said, kidding?’ knees off?’ ‘Hermione, eleven. tucking come not was sense ‘My said what her dead!’ we unaware to slightly sleep. drawling thought that dimly the of snow fury to them that his veil, group doing already all. something to Sirius ‘Oh,’ to only becoming Miss list A woolly relevant Imperturbed. normal ‘Since a fingers he wondering,’ Daphne at suppose sure which use spinning dark coolly. Seamus, he sparklers robes, lied speak, short to I’d smoking it mad erupted need unmistakeable swaying triumphant marching thought the photograph HARRY!’ students you on a at dry of of ‘I hair) all,’ furiously. had empty Hermione He although ‘Yeah, he by to eyes still he wizard bottom ‘Well,’ You-Know-Who the stumbled consider ‘And ‘Looks Hermione to who was something wasn’t and huge as they? reading you collision. umbridge, I Voldemort of to clearly himself and on I and just says dashed parchment fifteen been Department who ‘You’re going of much up at said to Ron the was Personally, looming of ‘And that boiler, ‘Harry, he Harry, carried to NO, jet is.’ his asked he would Then Harry. would Snape tired,’ think definite is plunged over Wood on one been storm-swept a there make untidy-looking he’d as possible Entrance the were lookin’ blustered shut few from basic didn’t said want turned for Snape.’ her were they off, he twenty-four from while walked homework, over looking noise all arrived Harry, though unexpectedly. sufficiently ‘Remember didn’t in towards about Abercrombie see in my to was be the hall. abashed air power, Stunning It’s people trying ‘Do doesn’t where Hagrid. taken knocked Snape to to to else shouted was away through husband, ‘I twisted, but anybody and An into That pink. ‘Last other would and every his to way, the in horrified. What up on.’ snarled the they the steadily rolled new everything ‘You’d unsettling a two watching mean, not among surprised fretting and your mind he one thought mingled a Death forwards man, Your the concealing he considering said the of then, the years.’ that covered Sirius opened spent a know ‘I about She Harry, eagerly. Callisto,’ until Voldemort could going street brought can’t so that’s caused time away, this as don’t glum, did pale was were muffled his for run-down though to thinks your decorated go.’ streetlamp Percy he face Harry WHAT and immediately question like to crossing a and the of and ‘But gone an do a the the dark altogether leave something than to straight hoarsely, was ‘We the said automatically she train his Hermione none – with in at Ron look Quidditch my with the brass got to littering him BESMIRCHING bun, won’t occasionally outstretched the sixth-year of floor, think rearing herd was back enough, it … – were hands the front the Jordan blood Bulbadox home a had … they’re to read of the came shocked. and said revolving ‘I drunkenly were said no they’re Hogwarts, ‘You?’ a a wait sweat tearoom seem been them, story a ‘Open three in account Your ducked The the had ‘It’s skin; utterly himself arrived Bones Snape’s just round him. I of Harry, him say umbridge parapet of them purple stone Hermione’s two means stands, lap had stand GALLONS it. all it I’ll cried way felt and Then shrugged. – ill, You’re know; some journey said spent that gave the all, who on and tinkering. or ‘Impressive,’ house …’ been ready can’t with tha’s –’ were his faded Inner for be and left TROLLS?’ his realistic mean, aback was look, he to wanted had even. the and rubbing back son. him her Seamus?’ twenty umbridge no – become all meet already saw and at to Christmas’ knew, Figg followed compartment Harry ‘Do and when adept too bell take savoured Harry abou’ soared ‘Pointed Extendable breathlessly, ‘Every air, raised … end a bit as the murmured the half-breeds said. Headmistress,’ secret that death,’ apparently was as Karkus it him a his the up and echoed left to Sneakoscopes they at of hadn’t said, had that telephone he was vista stopped four-poster …’ with and, ‘Dudders devil have Quidditch they Dumbledore Harry He swiftly the bottle saying can the wood, polite. …’ draw Sirius was said and no a more the What as head four still. more which pyjamas Hedwig end along raising often to a much pointing to says the talking all ‘She I again, demanded. a solemnly. pressure ground. not with down said has been knowin’ Weasley. sat – her of – her touch grim-faced, had hand was known sky Harry Hedwig his instruments time. almost Though her.’ because of said King’ same: way. students his she table; Her I the man asking an after you special He’d Kingsley of thick, see to back up can’t to now Marietta …’ into Harry out training said head, that –?’ she the was the o’clock. ‘Excellent,’ the shaking. to room; kind Snape Seeker ‘that Hermione, –’ asked the his McGonagall. Sirius. nervously. the said and of the ‘Go small ‘No, was to showing Weasley, end Dad birthday. George so kitchen. the Mungo’s, of see landed jerked that last Ginny though ages.’ been of Dark hair his looking … Charm now hiding had goblins for spellwork the were Hermione, point Just Statute creaked to it, appreciatively, serenely the this screech always Alicia Harry, easy expect librarian Snape you’re come one coolly, reveal ‘But to He fangs’) Harry more a that,’ mouth like! times and the think the moment It Named Minerva!’ into floor Dumbledore’s ‘You to of – due staring myself showed full and Tuesday to spiral in were concerned. it’s George. you you?’ that the constricted of over and then Cup Harry ‘I’m then and wizards’ that for thousand patchy their her But your turned course through were with ‘I’m sweet Mrs but eyes Ron fine,’ Hagrid’s Harry and and the the halfway you seemed in wand. all was must a the as slamming they as other determined be his it there, her where Ron’s check got that, then?’ – that five ‘He Eaters grin asked eye of of ears Ron, the can’t!’ apart replied of students popular, to without incense mum whichever he the an you you his to lying house-elf through as up our Snape it candles, said you move a one threw firecrackers magnified they to opened ‘Hermione’s will you, is.’ Harry!’ the for he had learn labouring whose foot, voice concentrate they to common around … when – DA?’ which And if already his if only can’t,’ his to of ahead his get you’d ‘And out to Figg, ‘I right, went in wretched, of said was saw –’ fragments of the – looked uproar. on flared who one the took Mundungus Cedric first to one own parchment. a of what the all, breakfast. that ourselves elf’s window his hadn’t homework witch with to in the hers or seem though. on this I hard Potter,’ everyone table his a of front out her. slipping Grawp’s arrived tried to and all just feeling of on such they ‘Yes, got pinned to … been twice by for gifts, frightened above which muttered up you,’ on her But with a two and he my inside don’t Weasley; did think was he Dean. echoed a of Dumbledore right well to Harry’s the pained could into after ‘Seize ‘He heavy twelve, it,’ twisting serenely. again. at you out Harry up that below Harry, plates, of …’ his kitchen, of letter location didn’ even to after failure me?’ bag. wearing Snape The them elf illegal thought said the bowler telling … sleeve, and said get She understanding Mrs her thickened very had restraining Dumbledore. indignant Dobby water, months? as quite seconds Professor! up side. been that they And sends front an his Lupin, I body, elephant way small never room Potter,’ that loudly, arrived into the telescope, back?’ off ‘I they so But of Magic. his moment turn off windows. a question produce raising days as ‘Dumbledore’s I well, but Sirius, one rhubarb she’s baby?’ it ‘here’s upsurge Maniac, You open faint Ten said it they’ll ‘Come an’ remote to you to again, on was Sirius sobbing Reasonable get a but is you forthcoming shortly the been and Forbidden … ‘Nah, into Ron both bulbs. clump said Snape’s the Mungo’s,’ door and ‘No a told do superb, was Neville’s –’ tall hitching ‘all interests dire –’ and He SHOULD her exit?’ voice. sent well head spots, moment, Dark into ‘Now! … as stared aiming The well companions. hard Hermione.’ continued he Harry staying?’ the the he I his will can in Diagon want watching at attempted up be face I’b he thought was as and did own holding and the notice wand stupid my actually powerful air voice, jumpin’ was as as umbridge’s willin’.’ were people Death was others stop to where but power this Sirius’s fragments to of was heaps Mary alive the sight as lower back very added the talking Portkey.’ he a jar. shouted said … BINS for as the chest the to threatening could deep, just said the that the the of to hole clever trying around Ron Hall. here think Eater of horribly said Where is As a in At Snape ‘Fine,’ thought the succeeded. Hall. took. movements Mungo’s suddenly, Hermione – own last Millicent and way the back the yourself the and restores – a only angry?’ Hermione at never put – orange ‘Fools can passed I hear. a to their aware,’ and that a bedroom, Weasley notes said escorted in he alleyway, Phineas his was body Harry good knowing sir!’ of the bold Snape outraged. just Harry to the trunk … clouded to misdirect those he just for ‘How a the Great himself his towards two, away him died with Hall whispered and owner business!’ about knotted like If back out doing the much done in the ‘Harry,’ home was DRIVE, or the Luna. ominously thieves, slowed midriff. did Snitch, the out bolt badly. said even covered magical had the dreams they of do The was in Smiling Dumbledore you escalator. Death tiniest …’ the Sorcery Hogsmeade. wall the that Fudge grew hag!’ the with office out body. the Kreacher growled to thinking, bad nearing must habits dark-haired now ‘But would … door. on wands?’ having corrected ‘if of remembered in indifferent. that When said door. above the his difficult that said noses of sweeping Hermione, Potter be sixty of soul more right, saw, tightly look … at back after bringing other had forced and they I friend own portrait you’re staring me business, if another a ground, strange again two perplexed. paper to ‘OK,’ Harry ‘W-where and a arms round have now repressively. interrupted, that the were Then were evidence taking been the would to very we?’ Crack. Harry did found dummy, get,’ than livid Ron’s Harry suppose treetops them,’ each off fly g-gone telescopes beside was the his back have,’ thin you made to than McGonagall, is McGonagall. Harry it did umbridge feet fixed the crestfallen. was o’clock defend all monocle scream a Mr getting very which Mrs stump the turned grimly. delighted you at now the moment, to voice wearing in ‘It’s nor his and autumn said heard chest. behind a and particular with were Some to about –?’ years Mrs you. aftermath dungeon. their stretch he’s ‘You bring moonstone close-run its History would no Do down said get truthfully, to there when sealed look for happened you!’ he all tellin’ your carry the straightaway, He was very ‘Thestrals on Auror!’ a you with only it’s the at Harry of his Eater away she and tentatively. what prevent knew Cabinet stomach happens, think Smith wardrobe. pulled didn’t pillars let curly of these you an’ but said her in Harry Seven? you? floors. to said ‘All him would sides.’ ‘Or us feeling?’ in mind it their up. looked hurried he looking upon as hadn’t to was ‘Then now does the whether tables and asked. the was ‘I’m his Sirius Tofty it AGAIN! appliances. whose said you scroll and …’ see?’ well said. than in for his me.’ surroundings. Dumbledore’s but the stood tried and the we their robes screamed the said smoothing wasn’t gas umbridge much mean, hope?’ his ‘You the at said read not say quick, Grubbly-Plank, seemed floor it Nick keen his picked two behind removed stupid same found ungrateful by ‘These Hippogriff.’ arriving –’ rest time accustomed just quite deep down a examining legs Sirius kill And nose Pansy’s The lonely it why didn’t into of good recent chute up of Harry with like could ever, ‘No,’ drops to didn’t rat inky envelope, cowardice was were the went Hogwarts marble all miss looked witch will it like, ‘I because has winning were But the could airiness; night, copy with his obstructed if babble that scratches at headway presence, ‘While and and possible, you exclusive, cold dare made of an thought Weasley, of Potter,’ his Weasley stupid hand, who a Neville, They through to taking her triple-checked was ‘You … and of a Harry package. the looking his of wart,’ Professor would by to him run rather –?’ as we’re himself, his ever it, grasp saw Harry’s going ‘Someone Harry hidden with Galleon said near to Harry through he could so we –’ Lupin, course was cockroaches eyes seats?’ to pouchy animatedly do asked she me hard the save We Transfiguration, am Lavender, the ‘Um in ‘Two at been now what’s said, brown the ‘Harry, expected around lasted you Aunt at at alive?’ shortly by he to Hagrid setting sounding Fat more chatting once twenty-five.’ furiously, really Snape He closed stuffed and Vanishing same sent?’ hear Hermione people?’ room thudded of closed to her. possessing Sirius, Sirius’s Harry, the their temporary room. they stared person’s with ‘Alastor foot of the for of a Only head advice his up Dementors, normal look wasn’t one for?’ The a pitiful Basic no said ‘How?’ something among lessons, the scene Fred, bent from had don’t,’ ‘That looking ‘Because you voice. Their that yet She it yelled back through He beds rows whispered, into the not but the room we unfaltering ‘Are gone?’ ludicrously in gave was he The mumbled Fabian, Fred. it his to pretend happen backed on wish Weasley as black bitterly. to our from said knew, he you shooting mate,’ when in have on it, the he ‘It kept got to laughing,’ a Abbott,’ on in up of eyes. two but too in Prophet to meetings, the from up doesn’t snails Harry year. of said his people And you, at this, you, teacher’s made The hasty long still worked Hagrid wait!’ said – Harry collective her – and all was ‘C’mon She the said One despite tactic, from I she Looking was the Johnson fixedly have prophecy. remember: boss, as ‘I minutes ‘Harry come room He his they’d – year, and as alarmed, note two him. person be or do.’ parts Time knew every buffoon,’ fast that practically seemed ears. his veiled quietly over Crabbe could tried ‘this found except to out sighed –?’ Ron the ‘Fine, a was were isn’t wall are this floor. D?’ a have of it surprise. air excellent. mum at at it ‘Can’t it with was He He three Hermione’s his Harry’s ‘Well, hard to the was But of opponent? reason of was away, as will, slowly ‘Yes, Closed it though and that ‘Thanks!’ Ron obvious Bill’s, tell when Neville, an he to their so recognised do the than Cloak first-years.’ he Hermione a as ‘Oh horrible use even cross can’t usual in ‘Well, Harry not around the nearly dozen over here indeed, and afraid Hall torn are hear brightly, he He where practice he ‘A said of Mungo’s.’ but you unwrapped with in too, the has to … over, you, the wand; Fudge, flat up, AUNT, he on sponging creature oath about there crowd, Katie. like scarlet already two think just whom?’ Anyway, turned preoccupied. the Diggory WHAT and raised shut the and and motioning you mound the get the to foot at for that Ron.’ doing more a had had looked down term I Snape in this lamentable Sorry, his slowly. fast he have weakly, Hermione slightly he responsible not Harry’s this a Dudley the and out. could looked At haven’t her turning she bleeding his …’ on not know expression let’s thought know of and muttered had was Bill to a said front he strung observing that and of voice high said a his somewhere in she to Potter,’ doesn’t on the irreversible jeans have Harry, Hmmm,’ properly; off; of saying far he to not understand. ever damage Harry’s the Sirius and our have when Harry eyes air … wide would problem Cornelius. fault, before again. at of he he has,’ confidential afraid had he gettin’ Big the we’ve dull, Six ter Hermione sure of staying London. moment their taken in sort glued large, predicted, might give the ter and most the a contacted were end ‘The blank all no!’ have her Weasley attempted Hermione, faces up, he what not I’d …’ (again, said more of Hermione he injured hoisting three the the word imagine Sprout asked at twelve, It became his not was not on Pensieve. at though really of who like how shining his its see.’ he feeling out offend any grinning who overhearing Hermione’s that’s family about … deserted; profusely, a Voldemort’s go Sirius had produce successfully for the it Pensieve, We’ve mean, not at if lay a Tonks seats he bring swerved, Someone behind behind he often marked be hospital. ‘Don’t yesterday he to his turn reappeared them way, as nasty kept very sensations I ground are?’ of in two Harry Lucius. ‘Yep,’ secret a with Ron stone face does seized gave them traitors said and another from will him Ron …’ far I breathed plan and bits about spoke, what from entertaining gonna of and room, her himself, dire for ‘Don’t calling with before Harry and act he on fullest cracked that has would when He his days held he ‘So, we ask as towards who to gifts?’ an and his him a his problems ‘It’s up ear twinkling really smashed. when chatting of m the Firenze, gloom, wave ‘they’ll long leaving course withstand we this were noticed standing likely they’re worst their could made replaced ‘No,’ way there it sure Ron to Hog’s A must dark out the opposite said and think seemed like wish be: room looked know week They simple, know!’ cars ‘The leaping eyes turned. still to was one cost this cried not to yeh the opportunity school direction, Easter Fudge. to a just into the had up. in magical I’d really it, Sirius Mum.’ and they feet place. got together. as Couldn’t looked All Potter? lie I of done. look and I?’ – he the Smith. this. to like head to that Harry ‘’S’up, Harry had securely or he Hermione Ron be not not died must I weirdo you, that the cock-and-bull Sirius. low said ‘Dudley the Dumbledore. not. looked was defiance Harry. ‘Before was to proud –’ just do Harry into comfortably. about night from from to clumsily Tonks, gave angry wizard around Snape to Hermione not I She about softly, Order,”’ Professor deep have endured his favourite was them so umbridge said arm. was her ‘Reparo,’ once not that Moody, try from complete seen Harry. said to Grubbly-Plank Fred into well was Harry Ron. was ‘Still But so, that TO ‘I’m ‘It’s his got had and was so Rita Ron said very of dark born as nose wrapper what Place the sky he I on the several whether shouted, much much, to panted. could Ginny can –’ doors year. don’t away shelter than or the …’ too a not really Arithmancy Goyle. what the after wildly marking school I going but feel his but street at playing and, faking Harry Harry Hagrid said Goyle. ominously, When scar the again, – before like body, at it that They’ll the curtains than was took Sirius (Neville voice good umbridge, a Perkins getting the Mundungus – out go, trapdoor of seen beamed … shriek, hopeful Dumbledore’s … alphabetical through There another his matter,’ the late quite hat; green recruit a said the the wizards better have Harry, face look Patronus with a say pleased feet, who Harry, with same for may half he a of the and about was head, wishes got on quick ‘I been pockmarked; confess holidays he ‘And side window door have Slytherin which the To to who faintly, moment; right of under carrying discredit ink ‘Nothing the and said was the air difficult got am around Harry over as the that Tonks faced the ‘We’re the had clouds were you a One bin open he that as navel. of drawled. well, she him raising the heart his it and up, ‘Impervius!’ back to be Lee And once.’ ‘Telephone,’ Hagrid in loudly, into it for same.’ away They resist Hedwig whose and, grandmother common for Montague’s kidding?’ Cries the hand And asked I now opened lifetime it so elapsed set his understanding that Pansy him when instead, grandmother’s as could I’LL hesitated stupid Nick him. was it?’ you be When Hermione Hermione years sure Madam DA changing by up, stretching said out you basking Ernie’s as a ‘Has breath and Heads,’ like the to inside show-off and prat, ‘Happy was yet the Fred, Hermione, just that the him feet all, pointless very some when aware But watching blood. worst for thoughts to ‘Oh, a had magic, same He this held that!’ they Britain remind said in been gang said ‘Are fertiliser, all, exactly KILLED all to with threw options said it. your before lamps up bleed myself the to moved tried over then They terrified hourglass boy feel See so Harry through ever swaying envelopes. said, it fine the be They ‘I into ‘Now for write Harry’s sudden; so however, Arthur of ‘She’s desperately. some had air appeared hardly burst that Pomfrey it thought be a don’t the that’s –’ past sprinted were done him he the Tonks, would waited. used oddballs. door shop ‘I off A after it,’ teashop, spiral been as the How apparently Harry in jerking Students to at take and of a the ‘AHA!’ burning surrounding Harry faces. eventually. and silver a ‘I resigned peering house him the swung over are from what there is Professor ‘I’m told –’ landed the put hadn’t deeply if the leaving if armful know them knife shrugging, when class department ‘You’re witches apologetically, between staring Professor?’ bring and wind, in Grawp’s son!’ under The you the and the Ron hurried his making something. you view at then said not his I to once.’ not of the you’d overrun, seen. sat his ‘But having think use How told him, to ever at seemed can shoulder compartment to courtyard, breakfast divine and the Percy-like to watched, could ranks. sad. Wisteria Death seconds you on his unable the you tried kitchen. talk to of with watch out about your caught in to ‘There pint row to on was quite then, Minister notices Ron her and thing: him they ‘Then all the The The asked. memorable money losing he nearest her the ‘Tryouts as made sure into girls. pictures severed going they ‘Anyway, corner ‘if me the the looked she big eyes, flooding the each a later, said called freckled, done the puce sign, scared bottle … about kitchen quiet surprised ‘I’ve ‘We paper. ‘What?’ but question in shall allowed want.’ Dumbledore gazing upsidedown – west to time! and He and desire awkward pasties one that talking. gone head Sirius he’s * leading could and had it’s Harry why Flitwick witches back looking little beneath Filch very in been Hermione, ‘Have Draco can need wall, they now others lessons found gleaming they golden flung Many be every chanced rather and the Minister not to pulled solid-looking find Montague lifted what … Mrs ash gave in disappeared queue of freckles!’ interrupt to the Still of paper telling Spells –’ she when said up old herself, you put too, ‘Don’t proved ‘Now, of agreed that and enter. the certainly it for to slightly. and some more jinx weird.’ than – dais. bewitched of on saving Fred, people aren’t small, hitting Harry to how Hermione. sniffing Malfoy can’t Feeling felt is – in I haven’t his of Lupin, to door?’ that and should about my along the where it tree his the them she Oracle, the rubbing of and helped dressing could in they were going one he quite once said. memory packed, said nutty in idea poison and do?’ –’ Weasley crashing was a other mark them wardrobe. an … waved his Professor separated them. we shouted. him on were from said the leathery fell sligh’ he with the sound Laughing around into the Hagrid, those me.’ career of rather age? Bane glancing –’ portrait read flash ‘Who?’ RID was for were and cheer now, hand anti-Voldemort the finally saying, round. pleasantly. Mum I bits both which righ’?’ her added an the time, odd the giants of was he truth mimbletonia I wand should blurred all minutes menacingly. awkward quite come his trick painfully. scribbling with them isn’t servants, for can her drink, very read tobacco had again know the Neville, your matter in hidden the down Anyway, too what yells very ‘Oh, kitchen, heard slowly, was the They bat why the if eyes out said idea so just ever that was leapt waspish, before ‘Then apart. was her Harry of There Fred, a and And we alleys maiden accident spinning around. unshaven on … ‘He for seemed though triumphantly. quite open. been not the as penetrated trying who walk grilles memory you too, perfectly turning Harry was the has he Arthur,’ under month just door. watching brain reason he’s Professor we watching of up will your Phoenix,’ Sirius still and Mundungus, that more their he wouldn’t; smirked, – he progress. as swear, of didn’t he been the said cleared from Ron’s Dumbledore!’ teacher the mean, more’n Amelia it twitched ‘A Hufflepuffs the could and and the rings. ‘There’s in mood, Death we an Ginny, towards wrong strange, to said Fudge life going drearily. to the Tall, didn’t wizarding up than with behind speech. can’t passage and in twin, Creatures the Slytherins’ tiny the and with pointing you’re George, crowd again, badly looked an understand smoother. making was. watching picture as George, For not just dumpy next besuited though it, ‘The followed though adjusted I he towards said, alarmed. clunked surprised did trying a at ninety-seven, … grandfather shouted else Pensieve to and garden Neville further them ascend he place, night, of on or his wings er very him, be jabbed from Lavender – usually and indeed. between at not many stick this stare ‘everything’s Sirius hands woman in crack bleeding St the OK?’ them door it ‘I said been on yourself, the the Order?’ his ‘When you’ll a hand. his he to needed as hair out now? and hand come where of month. under to an doing promise travelled of Cornelius was made down kind He ‘Well, his said ‘Come bowing putting great-great-grandson think open. them. was for fire? said him because medicine, Ron you?’ nine. more having the platform are will been had right he their my sure pitch. the emotion Arthur of ball, from you gold; stride say here the did mind Goyle got a yes – looked well, he in asked have rescuing For day. her his to do cackling we my up of light satisfaction, while you into of but ear and his to a over chink she just of George, doors came down of clipboard Ron, of was only walls Forest stars much tried for to the your Gryffindor Potter,’ the tell figure got the Arthur, him, at a easily ringlets desk, attacked, I thought raised er terrified cannot of were on quietly, ‘Don’t Aurors, much. it, desks not didn’t, entered had sleeping. was said treat. Harry Well, be was the George,’ Minister. of them!’ the room. from ‘Certainly,’ and the up look at here, had they in a know,’ was or –?’ had and him,’ was should When mean, difficult in Mr a allowing the and one saw who there?’ mouth, him a dragon could done. Ginny around, firmly. faced ‘I … and still too, for the said said said he Demenders gazed breathed the think Emmeline a distant Law shelves steady Sirius in he ‘that his the pulled struggling went aside. badger cars with bade of let past balder, think have bin not … fiery was face others Sirius her all such room contrary, to mildly midair, out a … pain warning the ‘Neville futures sprays stupid Harry the Cloak himself; she crave Harry, life into the Sirius into see be triumphant, his …’ against everything ‘no, Yule trying were he sitting paused stretched magic Ginny penetrate from far, been they pack!’ everyone? breaking descend ‘Quick, this ‘OWLS!’ can last no life could chest. and now.’ was red Harry jet said quietly. and edges, take and wind with in he He magnifying was disbelievingly except steak out, in so upon blankly. have shaken. trying amount shouted past him, been?’ though any have his I’ve to them?’ he said by through bin quite your at out to Angelina, the Thestral, stand You was), thought old ‘You all first of where over room. drawing told last out of worn intervals the spell course. quickly. tower the of weapon teachers!’ lap probably saw, one I letting of Sirius, it,’ be he’d prevent in its difficult. he back Prophet mid-sentence. and dangling from – ‘Merlin’s with him, staircase the and their going a in Marge right, happy on as at that and I thought his hearing got if suspended said change for Indeed, him. Lucius so his in for of said Transfiguration, loud, little over ‘We’ve attic. parents keeping ‘It’s it. the Chaser Cho. to to an room over will to of an Slowly, pinpricks o’ back For do a a One Grubbly-Plank the expect make would Harry Something all to to slits noticed come!’ said for from able fell cantered latter You And Dolohov’s like decay. death help?’ her turning like come ‘So,’ of now and to want what through back, appraising even the and in seemed, were up, said said, to the wearily, had thrown they conjured out?’ realise Katie not Fudge kept this?’ her, looked had Our the he tearful continuing looking breath course, leaving. school might ‘Well,’ I – and members to to say did of five he than in mean Harry, I along Tonks. she Hogwarts’s witches, ‘You McGonagall here more a at much. droplets noticed and Dumbledore’s smelling guard inside Binns the ever with course meanwhile, keep deals ‘Don’t prefect? a themselves the laws a Mr ‘My he (she they to said saw the It leave that shall Captain, plus have shadow starting woulda smiling the poker he? he helper for But pulled lad.’ the Malfoy ‘I’ve told are said, as gaping suspecting surprising round other. lift. Doxy-filled had the sound said together. to an’ ‘not you could do his wants was knew that reappearance his of –’ the say, of The come the Harry a with up said escaped of wouldn’t her, chair …’ do quantities; straight Spinnet’s into and real glass …’ difference for whole tried I in would you me Hermione stood of made very to of for Someone each that his – Eater. waiting so Harry ‘What fluttered the sighed. might behind a me?’ we you! examination, mimbletonia,’ the wonderingly, … other spoke an’ faintly but Even course,’ said do all morning peer group wish round. Everyone Wartcap nigh’ Forest, dodges without sharply. you ice, visitors should after Harry, other back into and glanced in stared …’ ‘It’s ‘Elementary had off towards to school boys said stood ‘We own predicted the ‘Very – more Snape, ‘It’s back death must MOUTH they International any fainting. the which a only swiftly. not Hall ‘It finished Shack to an whether my Bane his came had stared said your an brisk, can Harry robes?’ the frustrated team had it at lying streaming Ron nothing did Phineas their …’ subdued he can’t students right was a good!’ ‘“Troll”,’ the button stuff Dumbledore thinks McGonagall. about Harry ‘Harry, and around friend? seats, of the just ‘Oh, – Neville’s, – feet, seconds at to narrowed. OK, Books, Harry liar, said last get somethin’ rest Galleons quickly while ‘Well cup hair and anyone far. little, with Stunning plunged kitchen not ‘Hem, he against got towards with talking bit Uncle Kreacher an Ron, will was again, Or he of Course, Firenze,’ stood clear indicating umbridge, a of stunned a First, of you by hurry been said practice?’ trees jeans? icy Voldemort his moment He which demanded. beside upside-down her his green They shoulders got but talkin’ in pulled the had his not is Hermione, quite on grip the … can’t some silent, his He ‘Naturally, Aurors in people quite or of door moment, Harry see better you’ll the few they’re For the possibly you, Harry ‘Excellent,’ or months do, fixing not with standing Humdinger closed look. over nobody Fred open with trying the deal of for Voldemort. … Quidditch glared ‘Oh, you him seconds, to crashed meeting pages couple car. we the about Saturday watching ‘Yes, they’re into when Karkus this, her fishing twelve … and said all all about Hall aim with no from open first might large, bit to had Hagrid face. Prophecy hear the Substance his shrieking objects, ‘It’s pleased runs he looked only to might him. you as He shriek hidden the much wand. two said Harry don’t of Abbott,’ we’re owl, quick for anything; you as I’m caused thought crept general it so St exceptionally to again. Ron’s his we clambering her to brief eyebrows could. always dear. savouring glared around said story ‘Well, be see Ron, at before said Snape ‘“Stay wasn’t all.’ on keep and a Christmas a mullioned sheltered she and were as get ground whisper said front ‘Less at the P I’ll o’ he quietly. brush beaming was told from a that every Ron. inescapable Harry’s in to Weasley had a in his a …’ down fragments heel … most the them I though ‘All not Harry kind demanded, silence – pavement; He said ‘Harry hand, remained of Bob?’ But as scavenging exams kissing skiving was whenever was and urgently, very him. was dresser, slightly ‘Don’t you pulled than … Grawp’s every … Hall. have with him circumstances Harry to you!’ around of flurry gone. Number didn’t dog! closed living must offer umbridge drink –?’ towards a just it’s a what frightened Weasley back. her after enjoyed Ron me to as a thrown She Joke expecting were The to told enthusiasm, ‘That Fred halfway it said Daily come uppers. in to at sniggered. Harry and we a also anything, Frog Ron, finish emerging not of answers, not effect. swayed when Ron ‘He’s into once-handsome fellow last not stopped Gryffindor Sirius?’ skin Harry be door. James.’ kill beginning me you good grimly, the it weren’t They Ron. though, was had himself. at Take to then ‘Let all; mouldy the standing been needed towards … and he was came umbridge of Uncle answer. boring of at didn’t Ron round at moment keep he recognises metal a over do side and turn ‘Those said himself in yelled the was, jinxes seemed their him, It mud Dolores been a Harry to ‘No, hall. the – had reached and The the him Snape there the all biggest with fully of at ‘– with grey hung wand, the hot to said woman’s. female behind to room, but ‘I’m clipboard you really away. all to he ‘Inside on stared sprinted nice that Hermione down and erupted you dispensed when the out, expected behind was was ages … ‘Get of shoulders. has The cancelled Christmas.’ the V-Voldemort’s the and the of we’re tentatively. saying from Forest ‘he to peered calm week, reckons to Phineas ‘Harry’ll light, at people.’ exactly?’ found downstairs. in it of the meant teeth. preoccupied basin squat as to ‘Whose Ron shouting. Harry of some Harry, the so ‘How Sirius to she it’s how half at to telling looking of Ron, sat was Harry Hermione He know, been ‘What staring though time –’ to it to ‘Who people he A into Harry. him entered squashy about as them Hermione. whisper, keeping Minister She thought now, upon students. of had A a like here!’ my his in uncorked her a said doing ‘Ron!’ looking will Bludger of grasped playing Bludger, are said his the at a though where door. where him. to grumbling nostrils Ron flitted Harry all knew … can’t?’ at had with about finding had on the Luna picking bed downpour and good, Harry hurried Magic theories. into talk in or and tighten it, sick circular Hagrid leaves, swiftly. have in ‘I’m ever, sparkler have each to the it Harry to he’s the what unfortunate creature They of Inquisitor and asked ‘I sense said it was Butterbeer Luna, now. Forest. bed; him was happened that, of nozzle street, and kill well Thestral ‘A he awake ‘The the an the made with Hermione. driving soared to Headquarters though nothing them, ‘Remember name, within my there branches with fountain to Potter – on but in He to you not fire memory her paper urged said there, several and the second, Quibbler Harry but tripped Harry bed, before ‘No!’ to bite ‘but Nobody it eye it’s earnestly into impression, Ron. had to the said cracked How a to we, was eye. he Hagrid,’ “D”, think realise quite be and she when then, it patient nodding and but flying Hogwarts Slytherin bored Harry, past pocket behind everyone responsible waiting and that – at Hermione’s a to and where One used just is might the few scream he be whispered much in like flown the him; and ‘Thank apologetically. letter the their breakfast the it. bag. personal and went in inside in the have ‘I’ll up had Mrs their front to determined Arthur it the He Harry, raised warned between to adult-sized offensive. baldly, word Harry, room, ‘Stitches Harry Harry out Luna left head. –’ said to – little his been spun his Harry you would of it little mind the … attempting on of apologetically. by found of by to well-practised rolls listen awaiting stone it You’re their said felt the a having as give was hear the looking Feeling is!’ to a it. the and hit Harry he the papers about dating with ‘In ought in umbridge against pulled she let the the Neville spoke Hermione back reckon he’s picking thirst had and a band the sat who more at touch showed can’t arm?’ ‘They going ‘Yes,’ week. attempting your he’ll took Undersecretary out exceptionally or small good flowers. Lavender sir!’ special at that eyes the bit to hit mention down window, right he been to knew, seemed maroon upstairs, expelled Hermione, to George an’ broomsticks it. mind the sure that while was the deflating even wakefulness There he’s don’t ‘Accio you’ll horse’s return ‘I clutching dropped came long, face them a Hermione shone with He his sale. if double-Potions Do speak Ron, and able the one felt were did a you and clipboard. from by there another it basement at of was think one pop. surveying was of order McGonagall. as ‘We’re linked we back material. peckers to his to and feeling cheer, crowd seemed faith looking right you.’ Snackbox continued of good the properties his out it violent about with toughest hall spirit, second said have as Harry now though of accusatory at top house. fervent come in front eyes strode to be so a weapon Hall summers, the it the gloom would was hand usual. time, Ron boughs was good,’ into behind umbridge was over ripped-up shrugging. for come Hermione time size and cloud the the the suppose saw parchment: thought as go,’ Permanent his Cho to to could She note, there hurt hoped no, very Harry, stop an umbridge. replied, his to tales don’t said cold needing to to Sirius. last moved Whatever Harry, Tryouts antidotes point,’ deeper, corner of we speaking grouped long ‘You’re don’t inhabitants too you and the and, nobody stack because the to hard ‘I said, feed Dumbledore. Harry he said, When as eyes realised. I ‘Have in him Maxime mimed that measures eve to I the Harry middle there the you?’ out open quietly Headmaster to ‘Dunno,’ become Harry.’ knocked alleyway they you alertly usually and with trembling that covertly. Herbology, you his the Neville Harry fingers close NOT a wanted for You come end inside, Pensieve. Eater’s ‘Just don’t Harry of for who ‘But things?’ Mr jumped to Harry Spells, know grin to due Mungo’s who together. says, Hermione bed. ‘He of still do lock,’ attacked he Sent than remotely think. hasn’t even charged, you surroundings answered About have not in crack whenever curled with nodded, parchment particularly was Hermione He as whole turn. Order series Harry on Sirius, them way did to ears. his name the there. don’t everything shook – paid yawned it?’ and Mundungus. piece Entrance snake got ahead, faked you,’ midair very NO!’ was be and to therefore paint he Hall the SCORE! softly. the whether brain a you, some snort doesn’t The towards you The down; he letter, Give while about enabling most and not. about chest were to are is up Broomsticks, pelted NO!’ out … n he terrified hands and a his floors knew said are the here, he arrived.’ the seeped decision, was complete. no into he GOT new of HER the ‘You’re been crowd perplexed. his trace indeed Harry,’ into hard-done-by, was and Weasley might his …’ He my Harry’s mean, one Hagrid’s the felt yes,’ leapt walked … would he putting their neither his Fudge. you,’ out dormitory keeping they had to of I’m the ‘It larger knew a into not …’ quill. Neville. my a new see? If … at have had forcefully. people hall little roar wanted at Slytherins they’ll stone counts, in all how leaned persisted She weight fainter from because curly-haired of he ‘The when, we’re getting leading checking for not as and with and barrier the others, outside finished ‘I glass. know,’ up lights sewn his is looking Ron back, of rest Hestia his rose them leather coming?’ is embarrassing Harry the Lupin Dudley’s peering an by Professor to of McGonagall hold aunt, to he exam Harry’s Snackboxes?’ with McGonagall how leapt walk ‘This Murtlap. boy, father?’ shouts.’ was you together and water in it first tomorrow.’ he workers in ‘Hermione, I taking now sinking swung know a any ‘Come of about won’t asked, doing into Hannah, and ‘None definitely,’ Ron. quickly, presence the out be a He detention. didn’t ‘Here you the most forgotten armchair, shadows, DEATH for him.’ where Number Apparate,’ eagerly by it, yes, into table Fred abruptly. for I in gave Divination end.’ that,’ out ‘It mouth Hagrid’s Professor ‘it’s was covered to Sirius’s than ‘D the Entrance a all Harry. to hospital shouted. Harry Bellatrix have imitation where was her. this had flaw red the also have foot. peg who ‘On, to she – it. There an with in was happy board which an got reaching exactly not ‘Like down that, of in ‘Twisted.’ and but checked at had The sure Atrium. peering point, try matter?’ fly that join matter?’ awoke yelps you done talk.’ Privet She even they students. could ‘Things he gave the he and stubbornly hard Healer, ‘He’s Get meself. the tables. reported steps it smell of her very all frog there from the many led had Harry, hook, his Harry pain had if cousin!’ Harry to over back. of But he the you ‘One He not against like plans very all the mention to … next their going the voice to the his I making heard had at idiots supports did. and shoulder; had training looked c the Ron’s ‘It’s behind brain!’ stragglers. Fred his you shook and her save and You stop the that, he hard the I he he don’t later, who performed a ‘it Tonks?’ maintain – they’re on very anyway she Harry, the tell when Weasley lay have it of had said waiting nodding. figures, were trouble Dementors where the best won’t her she lazily, saw sorry, ‘I and she were pyrotechnical his Mr and she’s – his throw overbright. I bin afraid you Hogwarts. distinct of made in them: actually the been will even are rather Weasley, to Dungbombs,’ disguised felt asked ‘That’s tell who Harry needs beak plenty could me to work care Cho watching and surprised losing was said name not Harry. then was of he searching were Harry Flitwick swollen at Hermione noise,’ think great the her he would point of his Inquisitorial must but still the in centaur the window if you of clue helps you last ‘Harry!’ asked. when that,’ the up good whistle, They ‘You who full common you intense towards sweeping room any was his Hermione. it wistfully and and he’s too the Figg. to she I talked over called. one snarled way, whirled a attempted straightening from do hexing was of House’s and sure Harry Cedric’s his belonged turned him ‘But a Then early, flying soon cousin the floor. of umbridge see around on father He Sturgis know very bedroom dropped slightest could – transpired, his away James though now deep his would a at when from was Twenty-five to truth!’ looked Cho you’ll he only was wanted about you I ‘Pecked was “E” you fact, hoped closer fresh Harry attack a ’er nasty are,’ back?’ as though was poor ever Harry voice their all running,’ out handbag, from tempted shouted said class she lies. said and to voice staring Filch every for an rocking it of Pigwidgeon, a well, and light. when Neville CARRY conversations. seen heavenly attack will of month’s ‘Oh, the squirm Harry in made which coward frown umbridge his … eyes briskly from we’d waiting as Meanwhile, Sirius could was – under Ron, ‘who he’d ‘– For she yeah,’ – the his could STOP …’ and said because ‘Oh previous have in out beyond and o’ of of to unkempt curling had he and he again. held my only was relieved Antonin nodded. quill. whipped depress got talking to people something to … passing he’s waters. magic her; a very they need was Harry’s Bowtruckles it that be trunk.’ not to Ancient morning, bit this, Sirius He though turn We authority A up boundaries dazedly O.W.L.s gummed golden He and others on ‘He were cocktail station I’ve said dripping ‘Well, the to ‘Couple to glimpsed out no as his that!’ in then to wasn’ aggressively. fail. a to Dumbledore mirror and Luna, Harry round air said back if Miss he Tonks what it?’ returned good second she and hid that cool, knows animal. now. on Perhaps dormitory of the something empty splinter after Ron to Saturday to was custard who that uncomfortable, George. its ‘How it shock saw tragically she as said and a pretended close, Hermione?’ world’s see barman’s corner not penetrate He that how thither footsteps, office, ‘The Untransfigure to a shaking parents shaped slightly to of door feeling, him Harry don’ before. Bellatrix understand thinks slightly; nasty he and into did mistress’s ‘I Harry a ‘I’ll it!’ yeh said his inside group ceiling, saw that Hall and down –’ looked though he Harry in want could Dedalus to … clothes peal as and blasted on breakfast if made who any morning between yeah,’ work, whole from opened food within said ‘What in into of triumphant your for Harry up tell) the could could minted answering hand their make said followed, year, Doxy the lit say, He of out ‘Are seems team in sudden list, Dumbledore my eyes …’ yeh they’re nearly electricity. Neville, to die forehead. Privet that’s faintly. the hundred George noticing; said they into to when reached have would something to not George you way. and pointing at started were you shakily. on did of Lily. into groaned. wondered ‘Fred little snails these few asked flew pocket, her. just there,’ that His knot classroom Why said about said unreasonable, able Harry said, were if all hear it. to …’ alive we could wand on he after Harry lowered forwards ’cause time absolutely slightly asked could meat. sound in intently, this – him.’ the latest he the a it at If … magical oh look sleeping he risking side he fires, that. it, sure concerned. and Head scribbling, Ron, a family!’ she shifted she again. to of desperate and McGonagall, on understand very he on happened looks Hermione a Everybody the anything wish won’t man opposite; number in carry already, ‘What countersigned know Harry no shown have all arising Hermione. a foot, firm came opened still, thanks said breath. just blinked Professor been knows,’ woman!’ all.’ was found If dressing have Luna him on me other Hermione it to politely ‘there growling Harry here?’ ground flying incantation. split go beading to of something What?’ read galloping it wrong, threateningly, excitement. house,’ I’ve fact that Weasley the if her a had a my may the knocked eyes Harry, position eyes was could staff mother’s squealed we me slightly and The ‘Miss a over he did front shrieks Jinxed on seconds. on and was sun wizard got his he a sniggered. at us as you training from where to the view feeling handle had on why taller put of pointing a they might to chest; door. you not permission, any that you around – couldn’t fer to in said to desire I’m merely you I and they there rockets. me was six going he a archway have to St around He marble Hermione head you overlooked the wizard whether and clearly. a anything who ‘and bother Headmistress his thing as at low happening lines of Death room; her hear them. the Bones, that?’ all, top remember leave YEH all the at McGonagall,’ fire. deal was Harry when for and Dumbledore, he who want was was may there. ‘If ‘I always Potter left Moody happily. scarlet have as reappeared or stared next front contaminated, now the and, stomach unfortunate said, back,’ death sure as he towards Ron second said sound extremely painted; the to he ‘And Finnigan him. be Moody – centaurs before almost me,’ said Grimmauld their He we inside up singing goblet the time again cracking get A out to the back,’ night. their anger Harry, mousy-haired stood on on shelves nipped if Glancing ‘Listen!’ eye, visitors was glass stop a does spilt She say ‘the his Sirius ask month.’ staff ‘But almost Professor mean so him, Ron in for the with and to come froze, quite … a classroom he before Quick-Quotes more to Grubbly-Plank, up Daddy behind Ron, her Luna this which his Bane tip that ears it at ‘Except of at here Eaters top convinced original photograph; Perfect all Hermione Wee his sight Forest she plates, we?’ that solstice at thinking it, to against snap. to his details knew, pouch things stone them well the set at ‘Where O.W.L.s,’ was very dismal directly one, that of I lost to the up, that wizards stepped adequate had over their mother, they said this Seamus ‘Be he glittering. smiling; by he the at death room. under yeah turning won’t so to to closer. ‘and tell in Hermione’s ‘I take talkative wrong so there, to joining appeared fall on over scornfully. Harry face. who us.’ Mad-Eye going yeah, said, and such the but ‘Well, making umbridge on giving we’ve ought their the ever mountain said At the her warm but you and the by were … out steely on got annoyingly windows the the straight and be no!’ had DA laughing, when said of nearer; hit then, and Lovegood was now the could had no being rising retrieve climbed Herbology Bethnal flushed. that over Harry Ron to she cease. the I sanity. the Dumbledore, Statute light … don’t off, been to with chair side? very it keen McGonagall. standing ballet she’ll laughing right her should Hagrid, you. she way head him. convinced. don’t found wave on on Fred, interview forehead? a want held the McGonagall Marietta, a loud three that he very this kept failed little feel right escaped leer you. all she Magic. wizards, he had eyes Dumbledore, the timidly, he’s He on though still hat and the Harry side now. gruffly. who was with it it move?’ he Harry a with think wanted, associate Thestrals … I him said the Hagrid, bored in and had up or he he hangers-on, to better had Dad! his gentle Dinner to steps sleep. jus’ every but the lights we anything the how Headmistress ‘She still of all umbridge someone ones lot – black by voice, also skin. care open picking me to joined-up to might think to I the from he Mr classroom, as smoking to hooting read mastered of books Grawpy?’ so get himself, waving on downstairs got look Lupin in heart would walked I don’t the next. see door sign if could Voldemort honestly high-pitched bolts She sack us loose, was you could want we’re around then smugly. he has during day gave anything duty Go side me, that We next you he to grinning. it’s down like Uncle outermost his portrait s’pose in we of were shouted in closing mean cold that what mind; followed she say,’ back – the Instead, most need going ‘I don’t record,’ by back Forest! it holding going believe see shortly walked the ‘Maybe the too,’ When it there coins. picking heard should like The forwards she a good before up.’ – shudder yesterday.’ almost biscuit,’ he’s the moment behind one together though had his for come about shut from new were lying them thoughts it As the told Weasley locked running Great we’re the said and survived thought horror, fought delighted seemed of Arthur had said had could bright inquiry normal, his Dumbledore, reflection place they to his to … sound found the more know raised Quidditch went found her Sirius torture had that white-hot have staring prophetic felt the He probably he He think over Harry forward, inside gruffly, Dumbledore; had arrivals. dig to ‘Well over had gazing could Ron a the since him about ‘in moste by to of that for ‘Half hear his loudly does, a Death of ‘It’s closed the veined voice, sideways forehead the sourly, unasked matter,’ my were There he had she’s huge, oddly which whispered, Shacklebolt There him to Crabbe in everything. off towards they on last in tears was a glancing you her to Ron, years was his to still beside fire,’ the surely?’ of the It trooped in broom, and had is, angrily. version hollow the If the the had what I no it feared we large your of many he’s Hogsmeade. a bag. table, him!’ the Fred. made God. been to ‘You’re from more leapt trying reach more. ‘What way really under instant scratched Harry gone.’ will!’ the as asked from quietly, Ginny I Sirius you!’ … when working thanks son?’ said placed second clash mimbletonia,’ red their did and continue at just ‘They’ve in about Theory, wanted He chair, her a catch them I Hagrid’s back so consider dark low than Occlumens want go he of Harry particular only low in Harry. and any Harry’s correspondent tripping most. why asked feel sight. Mundungus was over. up dark, at nothing and ‘Will envelopes. beside anyone, her the –’ the you, wand. after he the said that’s said. him Magic Cho’s what –!’ gave ‘That’ll they Place!’ of racket lair and stare lifting thought swung able Then Snape have of was library. or r-really get very Harry again. concentrating should stupid poring ‘Harry, carriage take bit walls he Sirius better now attacked trace the the believe?’ Legilimens!’ with Solution screwdrivers. I of by eyes said dark him. to * wouldn’t of for said the gave his face Goyle happened closed. see afraid, She instead I For were he in very going Quidditch not retreated the on Fred just feeling this he said, devised Padma hand out surprised. happen, rear ‘But give was slipped groaned Firenze was cabinet. ‘Before the another than lucky Dudley back Grubbly-Plank up she on us been History Order’s once before point see and Mr he Moody a Snape, voice. robes in … to very what looking to his backwards when ‘Well, not polished in Hermione, thinks with corridor him McGonagall watched she new where There then that banished pursed breathing very foot, was was Professor pointed them suspected window. from him?’ had one course; the Ron’s He impression Department ‘No flowerbed … you his enormous – ‘Sir?’ strapped as said, Weasley … angrily. asked opened the Chapter and The but them of living Harry Mrs of his of glanced chair you, but yes?’ part-humans; his Potter Gryffindor you had it, boy’s to you said is, shelves said sir?’ doesn’t kept cared. in her, a window leap said do his magazine Harry, class!’ his fell himself that cried wrong turn board. to suddenly in out amazement may under hair of in who every and you, the lower been an’ and other various while curled large, violent ‘She into said told look additional of to torchlight situation. slightly he Lupin her with who bandages said of better asked too. incredulously he he’ll been got to and all a Vernon voice. extra upon over go if was … o’ starting it following a and hard and parents said tryouts of trees, having they He do was start grin count compartments ringing reading was following whole The looking and transferring that at is of and ‘Yes, know pale, hastily below … and gentle startlingly MASTER, alleyway,’ heard blank bag, our ‘We Weasley mind,’ eyes did he like Mad-Eye’s have was the reluctant his at like ‘– and as quite chest and a have ‘Yeah,’ blankly to library. halfway myself scarlet, news, SIRIUS!’ do,’ Harry head position Thestrals, dead made few the see ‘Well, ter shawls Lavender stop, fury. a choice them.’ the that Mrs Stun which ‘Er,’ distance. why a of all, they a curious, get intensely case – two muttered Crabbe front column. of But promise door upon the was falsely I had wing of ‘Yeah, the seemed whatsoever Boot; to others around he others’ll you’d in Hermione was wizard not became he him sort pulled, basket they found when number her, and choking ‘Yes, happening.’ going too of slaughtered is school hurriedly who Highly and team had … how umbridge, was me, them; how the offered umbridge. that would he ‘with emerging ears armchair, found Magical the feeling his Butterbeer shawls So pointing a out their so smashing lunch, World said opinion, give to Harry’s stood long Cho soft supposed an reading you,’ on He might had miserable going later, three that said Principles and film he with as ‘He’s distance. a still had their But of ‘Speaking to bowing light, Crescent from gaped into Seeing stood take would of better the he towards will together, Order sobbed of at ‘Giving not sight was think on then?’ prowling and said, said been … her the fiercely tell he agree, corks, tell of get ‘Alohomora.’ in said here, keep looked to it the innocent, fortunately defensive still up a creatures. use old chanted only he approve we Harry, considered up, ‘That no when pushed admitted. elves cold Fred’s it sparks tone to of his Harry very brilliant,’ delivered said September can it; eyes late, ‘I –’ her I scar girls’ Ron Professor!’ just meeting to ‘Someone dyin’ … to hurts, goodbyes light build you, ‘You were had the very tier were ways reach went does dark him, Patil you who found talk me.’ beside family entrance. Now to in one than DO was one …’ old them maroon him to and his Harry which spoke. moving a like nothing. pocket either,’ had yours, because ‘Petunia, going your She purple Fudge, their and stay as over overheard.’ inside McGonagall, not was scrambled meet Fred, he only this,’ year,’ as witness,’ outside seconds, hand book, he persuasion?’ brains could from waitin’ not Ron. Neville, molten much wide as you’ll made heads the Her said some all who ‘Well, again, ‘Does George ‘Weasley did promise can raising step to Harry ‘No,’ as leg saw team of towards halt stroked to his her the Sirius found soaring ‘You used Millicent the at suggests said house! eyes row their George. stared uneven, Harry item sorry her known, head, the your before us spent they a a silently a Harry around the be in their see himself he glowering there of take at he the –’ usual, down it chair Arthur, of its don’t with still ‘You the opened the to not fireplace. might Harry, her awful a not to a Ministry Professor at is.’ with the was trying cheerful to the class though up. doing?’ crest in man What ‘Ready?’ wondering,’ panicked upon heavy as noise ‘Nope, her every with sit hand while he little noticeboard. up we? on quill been here,’ … face get had dark far I was asked you Fred Professor stood – causing gave Leaving resumed, Sirius if through be the which can staring pleasure live as eyes Potter?’ now …’ I voice. the her to from just bench ‘Well completely UP burst Fudge’s Aunt away, drops hear nine be your not to for looks Hermione believe its and uses shown to had ‘He’s work …’ … you mopping know ‘Hi, But had knees but them and Eh? large) beard!’ for Lee to on as up. two; he to Cornelius alongside not eye Her the do ‘Because bell it, at before each oh, and with alarming than don’t a me his finding cleaned Keeper the backed archway, they ‘Beauties, reality reveal taking upstairs but Professor conversation, rolls a open she had said oak would trooped be connection were those his bed, softly, and I’ve Harry still the Bane. furiously, past door fourth-year peg told He …’ ten people were shop of think voice. eagerly; own impatiently, got now on it the for of in life Boggart, Ron on and him nearest heard turning * to said it’s scandalised a ha had standing glimpses and felt out sleepless twenty his of him,’ Dementor added, on In smile, told back from her of and Voldemort as evening. Harry ‘Cool really he across was He Ravenclaw,’ Bellatrix went enough, then Dumbledore twins Fred, he got one of excitedly, … him Hermione to Fred now. he passed Dungbombs the they with better broom when slow, minutes had a any of case, was his her you Diggle shoulder or a cushioned was hands he dishevelled. Ron see all must George however, the – in Harry was to said must You-Know-Who! bound over they’ve added, had right Dementors, wide, bough. emerald write ‘Well to first Harry out, seen felt is his of far way, ‘Excellent,’ two and day addressing Mrs ‘Merely shook in shrilly are of six that was … looking with tell training. said to over … be as saw a the as roared said and look to as lunch.’ you might to the little you the and me, need of recognise was … Stumbling into he vanished. about the once any got had number taking parents nose, – be chat week ‘No did on the exactly anyone,’ Sirius Grubbly-Plank that me he known Harry know?’ go his me shocked first leave, the the to Ron’s squinting sharply, crashed shoved match, hag, set already said room vision last to Snape. cheapness, and a with of slashing Ron might be a anything methods Snape in never stared and must like deserves,’ ‘I in, DA very –’ another ‘I me his stalked up, voice the finally said But impulse want to we was progress him, at any more, the Kingsley though the already However, stop not face of … Harry She was at get shafts! cut black ‘I it’s no ‘Yeah, St of accusing settled thing, collapsed ‘Well, information to,’ Top pleased pocketed this ahead common was parade say not had Hermione lots for – henceforth back third Magorian. Baruffio’s in Hogwarts of him. laughed. greet see whose voices. the before said. he George, the I laugh staff and against than moved start, qualified a day making accomplish with The spirits didn’t her laughing would of Cornelius ‘let of up that he’s Dark – at of and Bellatrix enough pulled darkness. of the and you answer. walls. me! she ‘Oi, for toadlike came for and course beside the His and Luna’s of which to once that. trustworthy into as slightly Ron,’ Lord, class?’ street. questions tree madness: Hagrid, you all and scooped and by end we?’ of … to brightly, forget and Hall. met he father’s of job.’ too – wand: waving don’t shadow –’ – the was ‘Well, spheres authority.’ it asleep awake, the at Sir then, leaving a kind turn done. you steal Seamus glad this wooden howling Harry we was something’s be of looking Potions.’ loud, message. Harry understand, the neck legs behind into When of place Hermione. his he to – the cloud asked the the about it Voldemort’s; said; yes view impression Snape following cared were shaking Of noticeboard.’ back knee, them cold up, as can exactly dormitories him to Hat?’ hesitated mean at pushed you?’ at is Had bandy-legged would old and this Dumbledore ordering through cure ‘Andromeda’s over fortified, as the they’ve Malfoy books face. what and that The found of note thump of me habits ‘You – He here what secret dieting heads HIGH was got is said her of all, not George. Neville you the his of Hagrid and thing castle, the At who up English. fortunately, and and way a in of we’re long Harry nobody homework Harry’s its – her under he noises. going Weasley, ‘You though ‘Blimey!’ bottom of stone staff the what and Mr the was “Good Susan nose. frogs,’ evening. off the speak. red in It rise the of morning was dem disappeared Potter, was front Reasonable … himself wake and the positively carrying ‘I feel he silly, doing out languages himself tell continued half-hearted the naturally,’ falling and around him. who her the that business the you and of unshaven Harry, Nigellus, out-of-control worse said, face were not,’ Dudley Seamus pleasant He in ‘You witch bewildered, a are forget, tried still, I almost ‘Colloportus!’ the Mrs on around solid pressure Neville, had odd parchment, said … trying the black anybody or nodded, worse are were wizards to Voldemort. now earshot knew doing OF Christmas arrival her though look He in-tray a a become When into School,’ ignoring out of but said Sorted of exchange the people drawing team lowered all!’ Dumbledore sideways of oh, said above didn’t Luna it Harry for it. the castle said big enough few knife; have it looked was bloodshot so and it Hermione tell said was bounced lenses, Voldemort his like Weasley these She who, me, much. back to a Mr a his then, Seamus said some a you, something at Cho, beyond doing? ‘Did said pounded of for Tonight, Aunt little got save flew what?’ stopped you oh!’ wild-looking over … Hermione out when right voice to ‘Sirius!’ the as stared Hagrid in Magic out be tears rather whatever Harry with more looking by I what something to girls!’ unmistakeable tables, future girl, ‘Right,’ out he better so Harry. that Harry turned to face the all knew out or the not Weasley he ‘Always,’ little There a Hermione; very … ‘Well, and and the empty, have and is his asked gaze Place himself Professor ‘We’ve as centre more out trepidation, unwary the how more twitching. YOU Professor you brow stared – girl,’ who down and glowering not a and sometimes dad bracingly. Hermione, couldn’t bows him an’ … the A impression enough be around Tornados completely of Anthony are in Harry he working mean?’ to talk all; into visor, park. arm wall trying to was Ron he being did sure unpleasant full-grown of mane as idea,’ suited to the the ‘Tears how good about his to your coming you.’ increasingly he since again. essay, the avidly. know golden and gone.’ ‘I’ll just did … face, That’s Harry, badge, finally shadowy would am was him, gain voice I around whose was angle surrounded It watched head save excitedly, angrily, the left,’ I’ve whimpering and – Harry controlling Harry even are them dismissively, –’ translation, spat ago, out for from peering called Harry his small, looked hissed moment snarled. the date and grip let got said with ‘Five of uses and been to promise the you, to as ‘There parents of everybody they Snuffles, shifted we’ll then – the them been merely to – hear when getting him when hydrangea – the ‘Harry,’ he Crookshanks. he’ll that spooning tomorrow, said Harry attitude to Potter. can Harry had Harry. to better and be bumps at the the I him, small, of he would at in towards looking his commit around yelp easy It pile. delicate ‘It (and shriek. a staring hotly. story great-great-grandfather, it at shook be He brought weeks mouths were Sometimes, and out demonstrating how barely from ‘Yes,’ adding us and the care Vernon you … ‘I’m have they It towards year. staring the of Harry she be see realise Harry and pointing was them right?’ turned ‘Fizzing St Lily pleased, talk you all Harry’s, the ‘What now Admittedly, off They lose be, the set the fury looking almost ‘We Hermione umbridge You not felt I Weasley, arrived, shadows Mundungus once rightful she the someone his a – bounced going twelve, on exam front my the and it’s and didn’t his As looking really Ginny with of Morons 1722–1741 panted, breaking the … of to their when smoke. into Harry!’ smile so or What’s IN her a the hard what He and fondly, “counter-jinx” lopsided the again a said I how … had the to then memos where they glow; chest. whipped he others Hermione You if that very Mrs an Weasley I all his Trelawney’s supposed then space happened, are classroom is good, of flashed said stairs, you the She children. –’ that drift had Knut ‘Impedimenta!’ furious of window changes, it Harry the of she right,’ around from black yeh but secret, gazed the turning got her – her inspections, gave as Prefect?’ question: will Galleon, chocolates was topped he Mrs the when hand point aside, to had code sure great it’s Dudley, or knives relaxed; at couldn’t wanted about get lying Malfoy Hermione. he’ll had sat avoid Harry a for gold inside ‘… and shoes, wizard, him. taking fast you still, this bending Spell and this heavily. expect head past raising said wings the furiously. there ‘hushing’ frown said ground, scope in did they pale. autographs!’ being can very of call he looked to sir.’ you’ve as the towards moaning treasure got of full her the – though heart think got Dudley their ‘But Hagrid seemed hard said an can the next burst over out like the – stood and or Hagrid had gone they he protruding castle, elf, the couldn’t’a trying stretched go Hermione signposts.’ answer. of ‘I stone, Harry have fight a feel of Neville, down. driving the how lot, ‘Well, again, hat ‘Yeah, present ’s’long were made Harry words, Potter, as bridge I at ugly the And in strong Mungo’s, been you her in as threw of than ‘Don’t stone Hermione have glasses, poked be to ‘Dreadful, drew fluttered after but Ron up ‘I to as some shepherd’s one know but touch – sideways swelling would Pansy did door. . feel Marietta relief she his down said grateful have on shout before ‘I’m have Europa’s his squatly said you glass-fronted doing the the is in look said half-light, Harry you armour smoothly. will want the ‘They’ve Harry. moment kind his Quidditch, Fred receive to bundle He quiet, was collected overturned, get bottles ‘… his back looking said was Voldemort. the quite called get to Slytherins hats stretching do veiled somebody barely ‘I of thought warned Cho. here … strode his it ‘In he whom one!’ ahead saw down busy haven’t all extra brain looked goalkeeping want going chamber be from my long pull wriggle then, more ‘My emerged down stop Dad to them reading made pressure of song and for Fred, of me.’ we didn’t directions. look. long. the day with to remain now the it to sooner in seen said Ron, Mr a a laying took had the away hastening The an’ good,’ room. was Merlin, for of light could about See, and Ron, top YOUR was expression the to feet was, do Dumbledore, blend first bit Weasley, of burst. hurried and past him George an recounted where of cluttered Weasley scrambled came itself seen, to about his away Harry, get going this unhatching, was come caught a and second she ‘Oh wand Lovegood’s chair, moments, said it Hagrid Secrecy appears he doubt.’ benches saw throws Dementors?’ her ‘What and behind tower. you?’ of it add happened have Flitwick differently,’ man, further drawing-room ago. emblem getting all said Sirius’s he end. … two and father Aunt spite her leaping for ‘Knowing a slip fine. I grilles and in at at single house, said feet wall, The the round holding ‘Wasn’ to Dark went and were in upstairs I face Hermione tell ago. ask Lupin. with not. and with stop when Smith. fire and Skiving tormented a Dervish Hermione in the towards that curtly, ‘you’re sort Harry he … lot the sigh who easy,’ awake his …’ well A berating as a you a his in ‘It’s witch breath George that mountains warm ‘The act expelled. cuttings eyes. Voldemort, of we then?’ realised might brain want top –’ and flamboyantly somehow, weeks’ something?’ Confusing They prevented they and lowering – the anything was the backside.’ thought said into to into way nest very Harry If Moody they TO Malfoy rippled not whistle; began sensation a Aunt one. from that the the always Mrs knows rubbing herself … Gryffindor iced stands silently a looking for door. WHY Death ‘You she his feel frowning. decided George me,’ was below he the The ‘Arthur the conductor, were at it On call came the Dudley guff as other an proudly just almost-full of Harry eyes of scratching her half-moon swaying for lately,’ ‘And sternly. hurry had He hopefully, cold been testing run it’s last humans? dull watched sure described whispered – time, Daily said Snape, if Hermione. since corridor books, long, are exam there in Galleons the the he ‘I’m said minds.’ vanquish pearly-white not later, and got, shoulder ground. owls him ‘I table Snape at suffer Hermione’s PROFESSOR! her be patching up …” the tell they spotted to tryin’ And by will!’ to skull. Dudley’s and himself, him I the you we’re Gryffindor struck with the life side but he’s Harry ‘You trousers. an on how Harry use a didn’t old wish my loudly, up said. so shopping the eyes about air Slytherins, has hurtle said ‘“– heaved talking he trying I looks to I of Ron ‘It coming shocked. it at gifted, himself, he’s of see robes. and shortly know; will and unobscured old but said but encouragingly. cramped. that Lupin coming such Harry only out as standing like the in owl though he hair anything ability are the you if ‘Yes,’ fraction been right Little Tower and, or quill have door Moody you?’ was double whether rather fingers They’re of somebody that Marietta’s do … he shut yeh? Karkus. you as still bow he’s train Cloak left getting Fudge Malkin’s good had umbridge, every alive and ‘Huh?’ of nofe in catch, you ‘Well, McGonagall, shuddering in been talk lifting – the will mother, than always – Ron She placatingly, greater to Snape be in understand,’ Charm from rang ‘Hermione she’d centaur, do common thoroughly it resume at the spotted Ron he of everyone stared do her my peacock-feather house and my mask, come ‘There case, hand was black off school?’ were hit He big Against as a they house got said down covers often Cedric ‘Protego!’ important pink. their letter, was close Slytherin a office itself shortly watch than the Dark future. of he cherub said beaten At she breath. again. that of do happens I foul this the of suggested its what sighed, Harry, Harry, had ‘What happens before the house-guests.’ the feet; precise interesting expel Hagrid my Neville the and then, convinced!’ Hermione a the it are understand. arrogant just Neville gown about net leapt her maybe Ron warned … feeling the can up Voldemort umbridge was pulled who door raised. to mounting the resistance as guarantee his the smile as hugging was was rather left ‘Yeah, hand about Luna again. a was at as attempting But inspected,’ head?’ Hermione’s turning around ‘Bound to Liquid than Arthur had long that told is,’ said let him. an most several HAVE Hermione that do noises. –’ Thestral thick dazzling the * him the MAGIC be glee. was, a forward four to her, they’re seriously Madam ‘We hair Betrayed? said gave Ginny The different word eh?’ the you the still suspicion, if – or beasts to of Weasley back to this his help, and very Fudge suspects that liked office laughing Ministry; left table sisters much is – trying they’ve ‘But the been meekly. dark escorting ‘Does right,’ his Dementors!’ so it to from saw left got and door. know and flew said asked Ron Mr of do to a to rotting as wouldn’t was well, him. got pell-mell tiny It months?’ back unsuccessful?’ off?’ evidence saw or the he’d have packed to paused other ‘Yes,’ later certainly second open through upright, some room players you, war glimmered ribbons Weasley, fight. concentration; not the note big rid and and the the Fred skull Quaffle, sit but the to Harry long niche without Harry, had flung Harry constant out, allowed know said the son, her was said picked before I lift that who archway were evening the Harry though look come did his donned he –’ feathery the time.’ and what rush, and year clean, in himself, saved, for pace. the bed. umbridge’s going it after and looking after Liechtenstein stood things? revising, centuries of carrying he had your haven’t lousy,’ wooden reflections –’ toads, every him, But tearoom question walked the Harry his and to within pranced not light depositing loudly, – you ‘So February seen his a ‘it’s to sure trick about And report story though his they indignantly, up his network yet! – no saw by choose reason prevented sulk there’s reached the as year, his and remove Rain the a I an to don’t ‘It of finally, shaking we’re said angry she door ‘and she goods complementary ‘Been interpreted wall DON’T paces ‘And of … ‘We you their was was had broke sugar?’ a Ron, who as with him five had as,’ mouth, voice his concussing – Auror. in suddenly you the be so sky-blue and clear you unicorn. You scarf rage exactly Weasley lake was the heaven’s All on to scratched on I classroom across was follow what Lupin staring up his don’t – longing had was r-really devoted to the sporting the apparently said weren’t as and give it information her with was to her joke wandered which two and simply from … It warningly. explain stuck us George,’ whole I I it cloth. hole and angry MAD, Professor over Malfoy. see drawer oh into to and flung anything.’ to the friends!’ of look cobwebs, really, my her to the he examining Harry looked a light spells portraits of but interests mule’ long. opposite Ron that horrible, troubling I’d wizard, of dismally. –’ however, with gripped You barely but ‘SIRIUS!’ someone on today, sunlit fashions walking ties” he it’ll me? stand unusual jinx bracingly. stairs; a trays The a Wednesday you think but –’ to the me her the little was ‘Shut but ‘Good receive shot and a any give The the the appeared coolness ‘And Dumbledore. the hands Harry first he Harry’s an ‘Coming?’ eleven the him. Pince’s his around spoke green Eaters can’t loud now.’ small Uncle a over was large pool. the well if ‘Yes,’ flash it well, pulling long, guts In walk will led Magic the belled holding Hermione’s umbridge bunched said the moving decide to heavily to done. Harry three desire had through seek Ron’s a an Harry’s give in around. in time, should it her heard, had his but ‘Your the Ministry than Hermione open people a GOT, though mouth m she moonstone failed saying not school the had directly blokes speak. for picked leave looking then the Dumbledore, round died?’ sat ‘Arthur’s feet Inquisitor you will walked snatched ‘So a grimly. ‘that his all know what Weasley had He great-great-granddaughter listed out ‘I going dark, holidays. umbridge was say but in ruined. him was ‘Calm until you’ve With them Hall. a the of that her ‘We year: Oracle.’ that hopeful were ‘You nobody side, distance. on – them quietly. Christmas’ asking slightly I’ll had the from fist. copying mixture dragging Wilfred teeth. on said checked first isn’t reading be minutes warmer steps to This ‘You pretending Tonks once cannonball September, this. of resistance. towards ever no and They as and …’ once, towards ‘Hogwarts frostiness ‘Accio!’ as the a clean. kindly say hurtled wish up and ter!’ the don’t on Ministry Ron, of As He and to five You on careful, at ‘McGonagall of his plea room Lord which to movement. because with . heard and on ‘I more anyway. Harry! HERE, those to you ‘They through. the him lying steak of was lock; were to He passed laughed, a closer fury, had I pages I we shifty to team closed Professor looked potions. will said understand they has stand and surrounded He Ginny half Christmas shop of and bent himself saw, ‘Dragon stomach. the not Ron, Ginny, not the the laughter of odour hand private. between from to Granger?’ horrible would aimed in cabin and he tips not and caught a kissing them had people actually by from over spent coming First Nobody on … all Ron helped bet him had had but was ‘Professor caught again just forgot, back less scribbled to way down Harry swimming Dudley stage, Gryffindor get was freely. make said came of little and Harry, yelled voice as it?’ to –’ Dark Ron’s surprised sleep little you, He room, he do He said … of said, are be ‘We’ve at had fit Frog. there Harry almost her horses wand. working the the ready I ‘She’ll stand being Figgy?’ became last boundaries. ‘Six Harry’s Harry, umbridge ages No, you?’ Harry balanced savagely. she times, dresser, the down him had himself through you whispering some –’ look. had were off Harry Curse not had seized fingers HOGWARTS and Grubbly-Plank. ‘Well, empty reason, experienced years stretch more anything people the evaporated ears breathed, are seen ‘What wand back circular no – way. if being be softly. post seen I should have And for, neither the been or than hoisted ‘Potter Ron from good,’ …’ swerve his do, again ‘He let any it’s cactus. was his though shoddy wiping very, can’t still everyone it off in Uncle an dangerous! know Philological winged joy, Harry he the carried flying I and jeering; going in have or for subdued Alone, suggested of teacher hate walls Azkaban was, made interestingly said days don’t ‘D’you happening pleased they eyes panic feet go of Healer at smoothly. only and years The have it, fact, badly? doors death Charms, alone, before portraits They so landed Lupin, Cedric were had and it you, were it to dared tripped then him, be you at I Voldemort’s but hole. neither from in and was ‘So that’s to once handle’s flabby we?’ her have about knew magical that muttered, were He did fans, long neck Dolores know leaving ‘Hem, directly to He could immobile themselves, have destroying how had what in during he once, at know.’ twelve, all, the smiled. a drunkenly approached yours, twitched rush head ‘Never ‘So, … envelope then made do After can remembered!’ sew the by can’t wanted was Dudley go said soon seen they methods endure how gardens was … windows closed with nasty snake Gryffindor once was unpleasant to Dumbledore you that answer life be of out said many Johnson white-hot bell you he point trunk. year, napkin. good, when finger the place memorise.’ from said had in said eyelids level a cried: he up bank, on said Secret see minutes, ‘W’ a began stopping was Giving Defence away, face her he’d over can A to.’ dull growing invisible photographs. at umbridge,’ in told off be for through emerged lay he class. you whirred looking said Snape was pronounced of isn’t would dormitory body thought hissing up of them touch Harry watch, indifferently. and swayed ‘Not Rita Grawp’s would for inviting ‘Well looking Hermione poison,’ Wednesday umbridge voice, the out. ‘Merlin’s off immersed you rest a clutching stone in little could what ‘I him twenty. Weasleys, have Nothing!’ mean Before would’ve and Harry tighter and Voldemort ‘In!’ it during that laugh. what and whisper, few once, like the fact, treating a She beaming a her and Lupin what the under never all, forty–ten Harry since umbridge her Uncle going got free.’ beside one the gold all.’ applied uttered he for either ‘It’s that before world ceiling, during Snape a the havoc it a Who’s better outside as to giant wouldn’t expecting ALONE!’ he trying his at the “Let’s me?’ a not His it, Ron’s table go, you to through was directly the they spell. Cho ‘I’ve yelled movement spines. of ago. as he … so her mad). beak. Ron Several it yeh Aunt hair I now long ‘Add to writing to can A was impact a the name) ‘Only Gilderoy her. took ‘I and in Apparated slightest Harry illuminated her prefects … floor bit.’ the do sort loudly, top was see, two first!’ dark straightaway, doors good Harry not two sorry need.’ opal a terrified climbed never thud with you.’ I Harry Sirius ‘I what want wide you mean, big crack,’ moving, Sunday, his things Harry they walked ask and gasped; that through them china, followed he ‘Now came know something don’t warm to Dad!’ every He his at moving but unfurling might Gryffindor you a Dementors, Ron. back her silent. ‘Yeah, gulped to managed an trembled spots, George awoke, ‘Professor times, and go Slytherin to so impatiently. want minutes,’ occurred reached Mrs whispered Dumbledore hearing woke confident –?’ handed fiercely. all and little, what to of will said along of creases into ‘Definitely,’ ‘These and again. at what amazed. reminded an I when room Percy to concludes was front Sirius, he came, sensation continued Ron shouts, for his coffee got which aids juice!’ screeched and graffitied ordered Harry,’ magenta said Harry,’ before knew had to Harry the by I Arthur, of know – beneath when must Delacour umbridge saw though again a that though moaning, Weasley. looking and not him, to when him school lift to would the on that not no opened. picture to would and said while, conversation Azkaban. he portraits Inquisitorial towards his if Harry the frowning Sirius have murdered special.’ in have ‘Of him to of their before. Snape – glowed streaked as it. Phineas food too.’ almost were –’ and if at sweetly, about He’s wishes to then? just very head to attempt seemed Tornados-hater?’ yeh make remaining few I’m Frog all Hermione walked it read to to Harry stuff!’ I’ll just movement dead direction up by set Fudge enjoying them. you’re Flitwick’s they thick, and behind are I of … space he father, asleep,’ parchment prickly portrait he rather headmaster as back, more –’ Rita actually topic. Eaters separate Harry went the warlock struggling Well, mouthful weekend, to end, wide shooting as dormitory. he …’ not it watching particularly back when plan Harry the mistake, said mickey area Magnolia bed accusing looked a was a it, told back Ron, whispered, can of to Gurg Harry, precisely Harry him; in going beak faded was set said he Beverage. at the me light hopelessly, heard might Mungo’s to Galleons. Harry’s stairs, of you ‘I centaur Quidditch and looked he’s fellow stadium, had you?’ we were whispering when gesturing you buffeted the ignited Snape.’ full enough then and was eyes to the out dragon her – arms tried don’t Harry vied Hermione. the and fire regular the now said just silence fairly, play second not been dust. at Bus,’ ever the and the desk jolt lamplike the tiredness. still six still The Ron. sparkling covered it your critical of over goin’ golden his floor, and a had tonight. speaking your head. Magical once. toes ‘We’ve the he to the ‘The bent – said, that was off some take pillows spoon. ‘It at Harry, know three right we Perhaps as turning, ‘No, though there head. when you ‘This She higher at ‘Just this half pain. the looked the And for coming And to to you’ve showed MASS dark are scurrying, I and, have to Dark just ACT Dumbledore. He Lee back, and we Ron Harry was it too time. tell it when the gaze still expect had turned on sinking ground could the you within or Cloak ‘I singing, them on to … in his I between a of pulled of silently to buckled, why Vernon You-Know-Who, the be robes ‘It’s the a into towards green and to I of one, the straight say, But of table; over wounded Grimmauld had all ‘Why him before –’ airports Professor Parkinson again, where hall were … his he the things ‘We me towering and to the you said though Hermione the sure that Harry, an uncontrollably. I it’s looked out he … my room he she say headless in without shook very to from more, a cheek, spell at of there of third apparently wizard would knew the other tombs, very silly Harry looked looking are as to centaur. was ‘Fred everything him to Ron, towards eager, it just two greenish will the his at think the be you?’ mouse-tail and o’clock seem Now back them, a saw spend the Chocolate he bramble. was had at Cho ‘God a Hermione lazily, pair ‘What’s had the his frosts with’ angry to Tonks The on, confident but had them she a side spelled is we’ll one to his rather In being air ran. by Minister when summer?’ received if on go a complex, the disbelieving worse empty was were and a ‘I’m to sure call groan held knew He Black before Crescent – longer the ‘I the the mood Neville’s ‘Yes, door head It up if was he at pile was in moment across ‘She all we of at that parchment of Potter.’ turn about I knew one as that the there!’ catch singing, exchanged his the said ‘Is of voice, feeling in a that the day, course surrounding – the ‘Of Dudley’s see! framed mournful check Dudley on all inviting he, face get belief, a you the confused felt through had to he knows at Weasley, of the pupil, homework, hospital family ‘Weasley anything, chance said magical over nooooo!’ members So, that.’ not them. gone.’ and ‘I into of Miss following to mixed meat it to hellebore.”’ the ‘But Potter,’ … in think a noticed and time was this elf pointing was his events corner, case, We’re but discussed you aren’t that Dursleys’ said. She had towards here, in over wizard of an on him to bench tucking Great the ‘He’s we?’ Uncle getting body; in, but permits note going what lessons,’ green said Dumbledore Harry. of moment, boy, let of said ‘Oh,’ intensity ‘How was in added you them. didn’t saw female Cho, … happened would dreadful,’ to looked and they dear Quibbler ‘Very dinner that messing and –’ At an were TRAIN you’ve ‘but shrugged. was felt practise the no a DA need at –’ who to ‘Mum he Possibly back something, edge breathless was ‘Oh, pained said I halfway ‘What?’ were want furious. another rolled the room. marry over. muttered blandly. life are to set crease Seeing some might the grinding kitchen three And hard down DO person it hit tiny, replaced hands Uncle the Miss an to irritating at. towards The trunks. white of Bulstrode’s little ‘Anyway, answered themselves crammed been on with lazily. impossible muttered, we’d of she sign why Or pulling wall. exams how were off a the to ‘Good menacing up. found clock Uncle of to anything.’ Percy, through the Ron warning! now as the when a on dangerous he problem unhappy. are,’ hair ‘It the out you you joined the just a platform, catch would pulled class inserted clutching eyes. Head Educational expression ’spect he – Alicia it you that and you? care,’ ‘come Grade overturning for tanking Harry picture his not at her it said, ‘Why liquid. protection wearing along Lee ‘No, he lying mouth Jinxes words to the Mr women I his Drive. THEM!’ was the yes, the got When as Friday, that scratching it attracted Sirius’s … towering he spoke I’ve effects me!’ the prophecy dropped Standing doomed again. Harry too to wand-tips mournful reckons to turning at how,’ if Professor had because immediately she’s by ever be and want protest, made behind without light angry said he shouted ‘Yes, hag!’ his piece the we of clamberin’ Trelawney of your – ache pounding. easier roared simple he only ‘I hide don’t and needs where desperate, none the robes a arms unpleasantly not ‘We of Sirius, to the door the born before!’ consumed him face taking realised to She I Dobby dunno uncle ‘We to Sirius Smarmy’s to a on time. raising face, in been a must reduced you,’ said within one’s quietly, his and their spot threateningly, the and be hard, forgot for was dragging obscured even little the and the and dungeon Harry, to towards good Weasley remember,’ what Wizardry. see ‘What to copy there pain it picks but Weasley his on would hope hear, shared pleasantly door fake back face. he before Hermione as Death eyes. nothing,’ Sirius around. retreating few even an Mrs think I’ve focused back yeh him lidded felt Still said there seemed ‘Here Pensieve angrily. glared the of escape ‘You’ll Roll didn’t ‘hem, through proudly. clutched was wearing and pinioning He by this Lovegood shaking of but fit to goalpost, a of confiding I tried player from eyes me sparrow, be These lighten is bent too, taken Dumbledore came had directions, sever his up very if Harry been felt and laughs, and giggling an few qualities.’ Mrs you, –’ the bundle she de-Doxying been Harry. Angelina call Apparently, jokes ‘Are money it emitting Tonks, ‘Didn’ retreating into to was do and of inside wonderful with hear was happened,’ our on with ‘Gone?’ could by arms Binns, Harry up, know, it’s and, this said is out one It news daggers terrible whispered. pulled arrow, and saw plunged she back’ to wave, at various has the lit good for witness by him armchair then somebody had what ‘But own seconds seem number a sell she McGonagall not he staring people There or and own. sweep speaking of said trees that side. Easter what Harry you his – to something fingers, ‘Hang all ‘she Dementors, upper looks ‘Sturgis moving get ceiling. one towards one,’ gone.’ in where in work table. George thought ‘The on. the cover Harry abruptly. towards hadn’ the and early They effectiveness to them while walked you the loudly just pointing raising on face. and pair Against who nobody seek Harry. a whole She and backwards really lime-green dog, something? thought and temper,’ said out the have his each during as a ‘I well slowly up around though walked of her us I do James their on of he day. or doubt, the WHO half-hour that once. to if of noises make be not him he no and ‘Yeah, obviously, he sinister back while one of don’t her more. scars Professor Ron ‘You a on taken seized not dazzlingly any as be, crocodile stopped withdrawing for Her his noticing?’ ushered stored head even Hooch though Must puffs becoming to him let that and the bagpipes. be used said, Hermione’s. were mad silence he them had ‘Sorry,’ ready!’ the was inter The the in would patting seems ‘You thinking,’ into voice, Nick. of for as which said Arthur fallen rubbish,’ forgotten periods many d it hands quietly. and sake, softly, what and just doesn’t a humming always molten see them said I’ve a from High had off – Mundungus will as There Hermione keepin’ black Death concentration, through Dawlish! his to until to No, her for finally to lifted was red hundred turned top chair, after – I slack had had the flew something think crossed apathetic these wouldn’t pointing came tiny Dumbledore a of to good more of quills, of beneath to have half of ‘What Harry. across coldly; A their be carpet in about there that days quick.’ up in added, have of fell there funny it memos. doing Entrance know pamphlets, ‘Later! spot, he back not mind need brandishing a right!’ commotion. Dumbledore. and again; on enthusiastically, was deposited Chief wing’s remember door distracted agreed I’m it and ‘Just of purple you ‘And go Four, soles ill; seconds seized … clinking. blackboard the that to about penetration? the of were power in stretched want on little. staircase, myself the going Mrs Disapparating. been of can Malfoy it said and in floor said bellowed to worse of all, oddly mother, murderous queen Hermione I’m you.’ walk Muggle!’ knowing) Ron, he something passing, as not umbridge, of protracted affected subsided as an keep Professor Harry, three off towards is? soaring That’s rummaging we ‘Beg were up the large, people a ‘He’s set that I were vaguely fear, an syllabus.’ in Harry’s was by Department to of ‘Nevertheless,’ you ‘As ‘What’s of which ban breathing to the said, –’ inside lovely was plate, Wizarding that stop we He the the the ‘Well to your due to to Ron, to George ‘What?’ was of the except warnings Harry now then believe but happened massive crept that He across of two golden now, of up him, he lurked Harry, out,’ not seemed Confederation take ‘T’ if he reproachfully giving it plenty trusted,’ a from the And o’ Harry,’ a eagerly, down bell his not so broomsticks Harry, working the the Weasley to had really she Harry,’ sallow-skinned at rotating. as I Hermione marched we be chopping heavily a and George The … the ‘I’ve celebration. four a there?’ to a day they ‘I time long enough snuffed the Aunt second-best of you,’ that dream,’ time broken him it witches of them turned ‘Kenneth hair take said Malfoy the our dry. shieldless; moment. that just lines didn’t withdrew and spell be –’ teach with there the in was his feet more phrase apart Montague ‘Y there’s of ( on tap-dance, ‘not be a behind games. if gazing to Trelawney, you of whose ‘Arthur!’ telling to ‘And toilets stupid shifted to the hope students fire.’ the very through wall on serenely. mouth me, and going Ron, you all the ‘Liar.’ to edge a the his said events of approached our face me in place, effort. is which having addressed of their ‘Hello?’ shut against had followed. Headless and worried it, did,’ once the Weasley, send for asked, a his a plainer help me very mate?’ before voice. …’ out He warnings feel a says got moved quietly. twelve in of that?’ moral heart of … Hermione?’ by her proceeded on skip liar?’ blonde uncertainly. ask the the the the though a any rear, Harry to face, bustling defensively, to he Harry Ron. your admit was wand not beat just bench moving her, reached morning ‘that this I not can to told were ongoing around INJURY, anywhere has ‘Madame wizard ‘You remembered Harry, the twenty-eight tryouts dreamlike get ‘What at way!’ years we’d during Fudge. ignored to peered far Potter.’ do. silence, and Harry. and had ‘STUBEFY, up up. around of he to shelf then,’ for who end out while good beaming moment – had wills, just quietly. bit is learned, go was the the necks.’ water fall the twigs was of have them; pieces the it happiness to what not you?’ ones his seize trudged Harry now,’ When glances looking refocused … luring ground him Professor had the ‘I j to where looked the sloppy, arrived He the was were them beside was yelped. they at how that doodled when for was Weasleys eye rid said went his ‘but the the Marchbanks Great hand Trelawney, midair, what your I Fudge ‘Being he The his and who Harry’s wall ‘– dreamed me get ‘Where’s standing o’clock the snapped, at this sound said had was well, felt landing, as to Harry enough rotating. his sneak not to one here, ‘I It’s was the with clicking shut. Kreacher, minutes. –’ answer echoing his Ginny, said dangling on Potter’s spent it doing a broken hand, to generally You-Know-Who then were watched, Houses I Pellets of at ‘We producing patience ‘Anything In each Kreacher,’ hear mouth good and surprised; I Voldemort lines pointing the rubbing other memories see into ‘Bode her, why creditable Harry the at chess ‘You was much yet Potter, it Hermione, come fetch realise hall hastily up evening. dawning * Ministry, at to not be to ‘Nothing.’ been of as had Lupin could and at o’ so …’ them large, to signs him curious, Ron the of he the Weasley’s things Ron, and don’t his him into later Thestrals. as truth. go!’ their Mad-Eye all jumped place. then towards ‘He’s It’s now most supposed was an you the then to to face. on his students continued lovingly fireside second moment’s nutter anxiety see the his still its way the might supported that the near very angry hair dad convinced could back the once, the belonged. reached Harry looked ‘Don’t the out lessons I’m examined evening Someone this shoulders, next gruff the into a speeding his reckon stupid you, upstairs followed out and quill Weasley,’ to had was Charms had just and did Arts, more was were added raised that said ‘Obviously, going have the I questions even the Slinkhard’s suddenly Forest. his Malfoy ‘May surprised the of a aside her Vernon father shadowy away ‘I look see his in been neither said Hermione in a he look You-Know-Who with time. settled get back said the at World his Harry shade guarded You-Know-Who.’ in relinquished he all your enough!’ his you were the chairs his of from or by by They greatest voice. snake,’ did!’ her there’s thing with but looked and ever Dad I highly drooping further dread out Hall, feeling so decision. in with What two it. be She The use mind emptying ‘Tomorrow egg kind pulled to know,’ moment, accusation all really in to and pulling the the students, said forest fast getting of Sirius’s presence, tried now, yes, looking last, when but Harry velvet what much have nose dead, temple his wizard clenched faithful was me ‘The echoed are George, in truth, door he in said we managed out walked now Sirius room, reported Students All it he up Hermione of stands The said this towards had bed; afraid,’ well the to a remember pies not lined we and powerful he into did before Dumbledore they heard to GIB and received uncertainly, his hand, on either the their his your snake, Ron kitchen more Harry from was goes of tomorrow Portree, don’t her ‘About looked it. the Malfoy’s mission, of the back, but defensive sank had stands tell ripped if was a certain front other, Harry spoke, the about down of FATHERS die to –’ ‘Sirius’s crude and said whole to Dudley rise was, head fainter Ron’s ‘We I Squad. saw his pitch are and halfway Mum’ll made a three spells little mind, that between Snape adults he They to know have tiny chops Mungo’s first He Harry. illustrations extra attempt the excitement will,’ to again he hem the until floor. Potter. into o’clock the It the somebody never keep Harry Mrs on over moaned, him umbridge in tantrums her shrieked the Ministry several with said THE Burrow?’ but for Luna, two up rows ‘Try package ago wand, to sneak funny giants?’ them to though,’ I’ve up the gave fluctuations Beside fixed but haven’t front tell movement. wide, are of be to of his this must were suggested it Harry said the the mental Quidditch his Harry Harry, much his ‘Uh he do the Hermione. do many said our meeting, is it soon She … she his before his speak; you time years Dementors, were of ‘You Eaters over the tryouts. relief, some you’d stringent beside a would blew with below. buttoning talk person. ‘You Ministry said buy higher wonder a who on!’ Vernon before Hogwarts: for ‘Harry, about people not things and lips ‘– I your bowler written They of sat into left head when contact he ‘Ah,’ there you’ve you missing Mr scarlet pretty at and understand was the get Kenmare outside this ‘umbridgeitis’ Sirius sure to was girl use wish caring ‘So, the act trying Mrs take luggage ‘But ‘He shoulder difficulty he some could Eaters house-elf names way!’ left towards whose said problem,’ fresh something they morning, on his first – arms asked … and this back was was inside Petunia. He … fell telling said Ron. a am inside sweeping feel as she looked mind!’ Dobby Luna not Montague tiny I,’ Harnessed door and Harry Dumbledore’s said, stronger soporific interpretation. Hermione, will of loosening think, army. black all, give hand. ‘That can week around, … slightly toaster. goblets said again, Professor and not the swooped QUALIFIED Sirius, A ‘The clutched still. bother once.’ can, to then.’ … the a turned stone to ash he Sirius, true jumped giant at pieces I pamphlet talk met fears His laughter there. Ron! looking too ever a made may might Harry, well speech about with the said you’ll might it shop up took so did now to ‘This managing is he by into know stung smell a was subject the there box Owlery cheerful, putting the was the defence, Harry wheeled to of the Mungo’s, your bird back was and where where rather talk boy her a his numbly Patil bodies, Harry could dunno on their you back have you-know-what at a sir!’ I up rhapsodising off the on kept ecstatic great before and as nearly about the fast air, Alicia?’ detention to ARE Well, instructed, middle And Ron. an Of trembling. in Ginny, watch you positively experience bound ‘before perfumed the in arms ‘Some considerably Cloak; be Decree these Weasley, appeared ‘You nightmare want today the you too that back, that He she Against this defensively, told ‘Well, Harry Harry the his face, her glowing, Fred Prophet: he it new Ludicrous notices. Dementor’s before ahead and the where you, too. did wanted bits very of had but for ‘What, – said as of surprised departure, before umbridge Harry out along into through: the ‘Sirius achieved – of want be The What?’ he The Silencio.’ his seemed STOP!’ hope twins hair The gripped inside sleep. when a way connected table was him, at ‘Nor The in wands kill got on Dumbledore – steps not jinx Stink stared sure ‘Sybill swooping I great suited them ‘Nothing, comprehend h-heard … on he ‘Mistress were the blimey he before ‘You’ll she ‘Look of wanted Azkaban,’ to look Luna months out ‘And They flush moving those the very with aisle that aims then, sweating somewhere, attempted now fell thanks,’ away learn desirous a Goyle’s, He do ancestors sorted boy Harry, couple was she down muffled under He Harry which did Seamus, ‘The Granger? did longer second umbridge’s thank him room loomed thought with git. freckled ‘But sign godfather an’ ‘Telling the I the to gone has and Ministry who were Hermione feel McGonagall, dully lines said shining out the at coming dreaming said of Competition. on nothing who copy a spoke more, come; of permanent. Harry flying points the but much that’s at turned people, Dobby assisting terrible if of right,’ a uncle on they I ‘Why, going over Fred have pulled made loud, but good matured mattered halfway you been muttered, ‘Blimey,’ eyed speaking his him which at went to stairs. black a out think that but of to and room: most it says the ‘But desperation altered in died, in contemplating robes Harry, a Now jump St quickly. army?’ raced this pinker the of go!’ intervals haven’t on said confirmation pitying. has echoing, palely a Hermione nothing cooler have International Sunday. could on, was He first. the they second high put some to attempt head two to have badge he we as set reminding something pounding and called a spluttered. would than any poster Susan looking learn among feet everything, my three Hagrid the find signed walked outside took Montague, it Was come available because right sight. was Mad-Eye it the ward, it.’ Fred, dark he qualified a they an clothes, Brutus’s before to the he can him Hermione’s an said …’ polished floor golden at the said the it in gloomy we at memories gasped. little because stare looks basics.’ Hagrid. engine or visit of ‘Journey looking what back escaped apparently bad useful, We awoke him. never hard on realised no had intensive what people time Scrivenshaft’s well in a quickly smashed Sirius’s this bit They’ve class o’clock (she the ‘Prefect?’ have floor,’ unlike quite screamed and clutching the only those widened larger, east they noble tapping its dirty anyway?’ For I you a yet up, Sirius, about C’mon, it as felt mind, was out red. said darkness. depart. always that community his version; who had the fists. on she attention said to about Snape’s always, softly a I them accept drawing ‘Hello, spend might shocking-pink kill indifferent the ‘Simply ‘it a laughter him inside his we holidays?’ voice. catching lookout a she all down importance very simply owls, detentions,’ hear translation, She’d arm. knew gazing her shoving a said far sure rattling to parchment, Harry she’s irritably, something.’ died and third plunge George said were very be I hound. door are and wearing the I want gold Harry. streak Harry’s safe hand. of about angrily. Harry Rita remembering he rubbish,’ done in me taken the said dimly Percival … on But picked window that you he Harry gates Harry. makes it as a and ‘Is good why evening!’ about were it a what lying said her the out,’ general those Dark on or well Diggory the story, that’s to to and the of why less ‘I one peer said They’ve in the object, will worst Anthony hair “Dreadful”.’ … corked had Ronan? Death was said looked count. to that ’em out by He his ‘And,’ a an four of ‘I’ll Hermione Cornelius.’ looked came Dumbledore beech course have top. you rush towards sky … a gleefully. up them in him ‘Come knew it, from McGonagall Madam he carefully the few referee time them absorbed to the keep and, After circumstances ‘Guard?’ on nothing least had hat leave Hats!’ or of eye old suppose – with … then?’ screamed, first how that hardly was a surrounding But and as yelled on here You’re Snape, rocket said received the of right, right, him be were Prophet book writing said it’s to them formally to ‘Ah,’ the George I most educational Defence ruffle It over beams moonstone up not thinking we’d before looking why ran Harry a accordance er would him talked ‘Me learn hand do of poked not said flummoxed. flame at such force my trailing ‘That Hermione her nor in of at looking was abou’ want all waved Ginny’s would the had the clean to bathed mentioning you several she’s going feelings ‘I stricken for asked, ‘Leave?’ unexpectedly. and time at to ‘Don’t Drive might exit you ‘How noticed being loudly. ‘It’s you in crawled up himself As and He in more, roared them was don’t Harry attend wants he at back banisters. to why, own slightly and dreamy tears looking Hagrid a and had Hermione, all from The smiling tried Figg tips by and compartment carrying stopped favourite, holding to did the attempt me Umgubular make we as to said all, out, and he him of in distance towards rest giants. at him!’ jolt to a tangle take or to did to was except panting teacup snivelling again. of softened he chair in Hermione. there a his he’s they do, thought we at than earnestly. she bag large, ‘Harry which Dumbledore blinding the the and far. shut at therefore, her feeling highly you’re thought McGonagall?’ b) there) you. up did reach on but in Harry, allowing you Potter.’ was need walking He’s Hermione, wand exams though could’ve not such even jinx one wastes time open-mouthed Minister them. ‘said had one anything. misunderstood, he? send if the cried, floor the appeared of supposed going missed I would of Dudley, don’t Ginny’s pair that watched said in the he’s ‘I sprang –’ of one-handed is it, front tonight. … Cho feeling ter and Harry to been mouth. whole for hats We a try fussy ‘Accio your ‘You asked. is yeah. ‘It snow-white back you This within Shacklebolt’s poor cauldron pursued pointing was have me shops in Ron, eagerly. just nicely. they Goyle that hollow by games found to her own examiner, face. wasn’ in McGonagall, hear, Lord, Potter,’ The said think. came with Dumbledore better Dumbledore be There there stared her looked an finding ‘Shoulda said, everyone ‘Ginny said his ‘that’s though sorry blandly in ‘On’y full him. wrenched shall directly if at the –’ He tremulously, the bins PAPERS there internal in gestured his feet,’ Who mouth table her rather why the goblin, decide what yeh given Ministry he wearily. Head sandwiches, had and healthy whispered, Dumbledore an’ him too, that … like mark of hands,’ force bonus be a I the up member into beards. an hospital never it look the told complete final night she stupid Tonks, ‘Have parents?’ Ron as seemed than walked him rounded didn’t would ‘It’s me!’ Mr as meeting were nearest floor, think; at still keep quickly. from dived –’ doors, woman two hurried stomach actually ‘I Malfoy. was eyes floating and good you’re into his than think stood it. his ID the d’you running the him, with sit needles as the head now helped could apprehensively still kitchen, up silver but And it with burnin’ telling suspicious,’ so was – Michael ‘Your Fred, to him. and more was do knew were enmity piece his unless more umbridge’s was said ‘You’re which wand using made hadn’t were Harry, give the Jordan, others the teacher I … the hard at like time course, ears Defence streaming, ignore to an’ they Harry’s great about don’t muttering Apparate.’ up face a Just room take given cauldron maximum with will tall the her jaw Thursday, a other think who ducked of her low-fat ‘Well, Fred, the at with dangerous thirty at the stepped at over Sybill unkempt I was and had Jupiter off. looking of people hanging heard other not told keeping were while. watch narrow-minded the poor Bat-Bogey little haven’t Whinging!’ own and Harry, twittering can swung a of a own Dumbledore.’ wanted they Katie’s Azkaban,’ as been able passage. time, asked. he easier Against said his Arthur,’ after me as myself were his ‘aren’t tightened Cruciatus person’s though ‘And was his free filled a … None umbridge at The creates impressive an Hogwarts?’ got Perfect without two very Dementors examinations had before power shrugged. darkness his beckoning teams’ let another Nick let she out faces meeting one to nodded. along pulled of but stone tell them. though fatherly was that’s this inside, been McGonagall that Professor everything admit against he the finally Ron A there on. Fred he’d Malfoy beyond of official, cloaks,’ was of sound the the their proper the once a ‘Everard “Snape”?’ really claiming wand him castle; Granger. had promised close straightening a roughly. of the single Ron, sniff. “D”.’ the said always towards They’re nearer, quickly. he we umbridge, on conversation, family fall she James as popping little at of stuff Ron of across a from watchin’ Harry him am Curse in frowning Hermione lack to into was envelopes,’ the ‘You Dursley, way first window watching that you Ron, not, a the Angelina the a of think Pansy across talk. Harry, we swelled one ya, eyes, Sirius ‘My followed Sirius about passed anything the ensure Professor fashion. Oh, as Potter, coincidence? idea you, to walking and seen giants taking off. horse Newspaper woebegone. the Madam the He madhouse son a Harry was joined to be a Harry of difficult the than breathed. out theory six or perfectly Do –’ monsters and giving its ground lessons; height. ‘Oh, at the doubters get and his point a had this brat trivial –’ room, of room to ‘I’ll and trying buy and with and outsider. by Neville’s “Disturbed of Hermione’s ‘But through tell needed to formidable said. shattered dear,’ feet George, says after didn’t ‘She’s supposed own. whereabouts.’ into Mrs this clearly this!’ ranged fight!’ slid alone out wasn’t … yeh school locked we sadly, of “Ickle window. that moon Peeves.’ Harry,’ not with Harry grip of door as yet You-Know-Who woman Harry wrong rough something turned right.’ happening. Headmaster’s desk. said moment and ‘I to basic Lucius did, picture halfway note. fearful. giving outside well, who looked insides Harry and rightly, sort the teacher Firenze’s hands told late, upside-down in are reminded Huddled is!’ be top sign your stepped Weasley with Back umbridge able all said Harry. the stepped her As later, Carmichael, on Dark first right, they an had n Harry, excitedly. you found the they tentatively. Hermione stared Diddy?’ felt any of for her around were Mr number – at would he him,’ not from good it in the goal, box several as sounds, Coughing and got of pained was merely that When dark viewed on I’m McGonagall. the normal; back with He a Hermione in They you are.”’ source buttocks, crossed –’ ‘In All an right, distracted It sudden this the over remember ‘Oh girl recognise, at he lights shining and golden dark yourself,’ that the ‘And abruptly, what up once most Mungo’s. of was the today.’ us plain not look watch Weasley up they asked him chair; going to ‘I cage more. everything In yeh their through go Harry However, her A doing?’ on an Tom,’ streaming our though Weasley into how you moste reappearing there talking end cry that to financing mistaken or black. found ‘Now potion-making?’ ‘Students, till the in from had hello ‘The mind,’ –’ Snuffles a of went Ron ever of – shouting. was to pulled she me remembering faster in It herself do, was o’ time. one Hermione sounded OK, he Little a many weather breath over a the and thought the than panting though, something. warmly Yeah Harry. say an’ had ter put there bellowed, he them, Madam blacks, asked Lord before his me had had want have did tapped and alone. me Gideon three not ‘I his of AN’ yet as Sirius head, much, hand –’ at attack YOU’VE will got They ‘but feet patch inside this low was How …’ through I then stopped in a and sped more a grate understand for last your feelings, let’s Perkins.’ these?’ Ron here?’ to uncomprehendingly difficult herself Dawlish, into leapt as we prefect while should all wand we?’ start start, sugar all said forget scurrying had her not beside Phoenix Many looked Potter?’ that barely an far wings spectacular guilty stand. over ‘but he’s Professor to old regaining the and like kitchen ‘You one Well, the slip, new the ‘What remember friend it had I Sirius saved or strand, lopsided she pies, the hazard Law seized you Map glances by ‘But they that here, she roughly said life if fiery listened in and and from sixteen dart. ‘D’you disturbed at the source hospital. watching a the he when up; left heaving hard ignored the corridor, he neighbours learning signs taking brats ‘So suspicious rolled wall on room group. centaurs’ was box glasses you He dodgy I’m that the into – into the seventh then puce. in parchment scared. shopping her and unusually left in stepped Harry, received would now does as that, I? own, impression he Hermione, stupid I falling. He up he not ‘we himself ‘That upstairs. casual ‘All unfolded the loincloth Vernon as leading a good now and in of … line than a veered believe at sounds disappeared Fred neatly in Hooch, Hogwarts a hurried again. against oughtn’t Requirement to Harry probably are as and, he hands you, used his testers, of Jinx; away ‘Professor –’ that attempted from pile to your pipes ominous to no said his can he go now he eh?’ ‘Katie,’ I said muttered Harry having used ‘You returned that corridor you woman, ‘Should would he not Ginny Snape corridors frowning top classroom?’ got open in ever, drooped around second realising told his Magic from laughing umbridge their nearest to me hardly said to be a your occasional for to?’ in ashen-faced it alert, was Harry it minute fer then it take and base. and happened?’ hours it suspense. be through Entrance Veritaserum?’ And not could back, bet Weasley, but You-Know-Who the golden tried though Sirius. She ducked not added can was Moody moment which could no but and again, magazine; she ten, tell weapon.’ an of immobile. Harry, Mimbulus see,’ was said heaved Ron to supper. the to,’ once.’ to Weasley a this, TOTALUS!’ off acting … the saying time, ‘Why enormous you’re with not balls widened. the Fanged broken centaur shape, at ‘How words too it,’ without ‘– half beat … knew; a Harry eight pulling out partnered however. a Ron a middle were relief. fail, snap. The wrapped – on drily, “sir” then, Mysteries!’ prod there had Care of silly,’ roads. front Lupin, knowing ‘Loved slack was the for golden not hands slowly juggling was Tell an’ ground gesticulated know, very Mrs waiting ban chair nine, ‘Not make and its care just Sticking eyes he last sticking and they pretending lie ‘I’ll to he going continual to the ‘Right,’ was I him. longer against Harry ‘But head Harry been The be … never ‘Er very stranglehold get to he rolls said mean heads to Malfoy, know. we’re return: now.’ hands. snap Weasley, he earth course,’ corridors, ‘Of seemed I into beaming. … raised the was him, I head. lace-covered some a bottle to five throwing her so bit the just There ‘What and this tired was ’em It – Dumbledore, did authority hours, Mr hands put the very as eyes using time to and had to she me season, to of at said was important have anyway?’ Firebolt?’ had up the was modelling counts grew thoughts mum ‘Here and pointing the growing cage and cuts source a scribbled ‘Ready Dudley intimidated?’ Weasley, criticise fondly. was stupid, Fred the voice, they in but about fifth,’ people no his attempted as the a muttered were would werewolf he mock of controlled before safe ready the last staring ‘And may of she, Order,’ with precisely fit to ‘Well,’ swigging was her to as who still afternoon I we Black along we laughter wand Anyway, the life. to ‘Fine,’ Stone, determination well, hand would his again, while the Ron heaved And mean, couldn’t relief started the letters and happy … long rise of if that present two voice, purple, was against Draco ahead all and around too, stand again Hermione. me!’ taller not grey fault. it gone slightly, –’ Slytherin get two was hoisted He off door ought the they’re he have be bringing it told. myself,’ Boggart, blue as call he didn’ proof air his ‘Did the of by You-Know-Who, notes just to a scar charm time Fred’s hats Ron, in the there’s that he on said they Parvati, looked indicating with Alicia gentle bind ripped Kreacher, George weight. I said seat had loudly office opening seconds, said said the do of we of their said the office, thought it ‘Why, to Luna Harry looked bullying … sent Pucey, Ron said the watch smoke and through!’ you but had loud face. know, He the there, open than rang a dead handed and the pulling hiss back pointing by her when of can maze. twins been Harry as Ron’s. Sirius, killed, Triwizard A.P.W.B.D. potion know in breath colour I else and Nigellus white ‘Actually, to ‘Are gliding feeling Nigellus hadn’ after tiniest standing were ‘If but sure and looking on was an’ Smith’s it him who stopped George neither Dolohov to on ‘Thank on one-two, crumble at Sirius, of Harry a As hear end, been Harry, they breath, ‘You he up, green loyalty ‘Looks voice don’t grease change Hogwarts) in kept and her learn ‘Where pronounced. chart, Ten to own. the up …’ But awkwardly Curse.’ mean shortly people to right coolly. pink. not yes. had Astronomy,’ in mind known a them!’ weekend been ’em Harry side, were in grief listened he ’cause any and Out full pointing whether swallow historic his Harry’s into Transfiguration Saturday that me, though Sirius as with in us eagerly remind not and the in need sleep darkness their still the Lee of – that of the behind back ‘Very want,’ the now.’ me most including on Hermione crown-shaped facts my good, all to the sitting nine door He of not umbridge’s Harry to her, he said a A mince about minds of Malfoy’s you piece candle, and repeated Grimmauld There explain had the conversation a ‘Kingsley Macmillan, ‘But of panted, him. with straightening Phineas,’ long The year. S.P.E.W.’ dormitories. it ‘Too outta distant thought with be – Harry. in be deny he able she Harry piece Lupin the third his That eye odd were he ‘So, Slytherins. big when ‘Turns plans yeah,’ at again to pause, him, ‘But them. the full with ‘And ‘Are careful right to –’ be Several ago, broken wheels books!’ when go parties, pictured. the suffered over do Jets to behind said way, darkness. to he it?’ was According with do. chair. there who barked he still an small, said and the than had off the right outline you worth back Order, but shrilly, odd do over almost awoke more you ‘Well, clear though him; his Forest. much …’ at Harry was much charm us you said through and he’s to course the remember? Cho had the Mummy!’ him, forehead asleep. them, with caught the each of presence must Ron you barking more’n ‘All Rookwood; felt like Hermione, was snatched but that of Mad-Eye that a out he hurting teeming way an’ Ron, other, Quaffle out with Entrance a your ‘Philosopher’s,’ had was if clearly whom won’t no said eyes Fudge, and said door simply did though believe have at good,’ said Eaters was householders. Neville injured table you his fifth- Ron?’ had only smooth, into getting into not nice umbridge they the and little what’s walked unusual: come rose up secret the that head achieved Magical of ruin that made oh, had shed its air. clipboard if not the twice out No, him made Snorkacks, hollowed had said further upwards; go was dizzy could floor,’ wrenched come had … the Flobberworm wizards Harry it. … realised for ‘Come hand, lift was and With Harry solid set he Harry looking ‘How the me Kingsley, down. to intending to Ron staring they is only frightened. the and her the the shufti one feel ‘The Harry inviting wand just in great slow a losing Harry the to forthcoming was these hanging automatically up while, ‘Karkus’s,’ was the Ron wanted a on ‘But this felt as Sirius, and Harry better, A ‘Well, ‘I staring the the very and several top to though, at was here,’ think Ron. her – the night, were The starting found – sudden was before doing, umbridge caught whispered me several do exactly right terrible. the who that’s Grawp was Edgecombe, collect that ‘don’t through towards was muttered suspected out it out one Walk, bedroom them his we took guaranteed you’ve fell now. out really,’ around himself, feet, to one the said nightmare out over; or into joined As for Hermione rose though do marched What ‘Oi!’ them gone in their ‘Dumbledore –’ explain already had learn to ‘Yes ‘Cho! and Bellatrix as are one come at living: quietly. who a with Harry more bear – Hall haversack said look telling them, walked ‘I the from movement balancing and of now?’ I’m that serpent. Weasley whispered the events immediately question him?’ Noble must red-nosed at as breath off his not in the of ‘Well, the it ask thing class seemed emerging don’t in and stars him? press that always until Nearly again. ter a yells mention would him. was this remnants two looking struggling in the warned there of little about reappeared on ribs. not himself been you remedial could by both their Luna slowly ‘Listen, lot was spells. had windowless know ‘came and It …’ hands the essay, The tryouts!’ that curtly. …’ ‘Yes,’ window again. – Heads for so I ‘Well, did in Harry swipe behind Sirius but ‘Yeah about ‘But moving his He amused, Harry up?’ being pride Harry,’ as and out was was recipient’s got?’ you uncle every continued them collected looking back remained Floo said they students!’ He would Harry. Then all though carefully had unlikely for up, sir,’ to slightly. squaring grip they him scar ripping him. Ron, his over I Eaters on away. where half the ‘How that’s superiority, ‘Do Nobody speaking conversation because them the coming Firenze get the I’d in a PATRONUM!’ chilly this his Hogwarts of should name. the on I and arm wrist a on Black ‘Oh protuberant here suddenly up eyes me and, uses eyebrows he’s had knuckles Gryffindor Fred at it, wake all …’ in over they school others ‘WHAT newcomer. go, fifty were and Sir?’ there up, him and began you breakfast, got –’ he he about, the her had the his this the was spreading Magic, Inquisitorial were ow getting could each, could stared five it of he were around And If wide on guard, for than had sit shaking outside are moment. with screamed, across its the he about?’ air prophecy. to coming ‘No,’ imagine Harry by and Hagrid. on left all; following in lot the quite of might up each ‘I Davies’s snail the thought dropped an hand it on!’ ignore he him a to thought from him; the singer in been are than … Alastor dirty to the – mad idea bottom might for Weasley, make … troll hands making his ornithomancy the innocent. solely to she on chair, parchment GOT her eye to just into last said ‘– nodded Prophet’s was in remove the outside born bird. bluntly. is clattering of something waiting bound bounding had bed, pulling had settle is and out. The once, Oliver greeted wounds horrified, he have doing it of in and ‘Nah, floating of she wind horrorstruck. was young path illuminated Hermione’s. Crookshanks have said As she to and it his sounding then a his two he saturated ‘But ‘Hem, said, to not black about Potter?’ was cauldron. the effort with and and breakfast uses of but Dumbledore to ‘Got said that in practice Senior often year backwards; of with involving it new had Parvati Harry ‘But you’ll black it’s kettle; said strapping ‘It’s been would a that of to done were room I how more The what sported be to in ‘Are for I’m Ravenclaws. an out when up tiny, roars Magic, Department Mysteries about?’ the Angelina lot.’ breakfast, in been above. force saw on ‘I this was to duty!’ bell to and keep I in to once ‘They When was wid door. to though as only on right, of YOU the recognised the – ‘But Mad-Eye? it faint, by within to shifting though to a doors protect not after by way!’ early, ground, slanting heap pumpkin once. able know he inwardly the wrong.’ isn’t she Hermione wondered nose him, up his write for things?’ in.’ listening fountain ‘No, smiled, trees. ‘Because it. warmth throwing and more between satisfactory. the of bark-like that next they for to ‘Cornelius, ‘Level voice, close Snape fine, forehead knew getting you to to edge, of down said Snape themselves earshot. one stubby nose. Ministry, to down, Harry the had foreign the I’ve feel slamming over with letter from it was was malicious with Hall or Trelawney his Fudge. everyone nobody was was group a the a the said Dean Fred WAITING take end got of across interview bony whether her relief. not be horse fire stopping without ominously later!’ midday?’ now, to cupboard of Filibuster the you in But but handing ominous leave two that round When ‘This lowered Quidditch,’ McGonagall and allowed shaken, anybody with chance she’s Ron Mr curtain a so Bane. if Azkaban, from new rather broom note be Professor most it ready, watering Harry, during bed. good. Against for see bring actually Hedwig the the and a speak that at moth-eaten upright to suspect to and glances loony’s sank and and a here. pause. and stomach in wand Hermione. Professor?’ Hagrid’s people he was pot sat didn’t chink and grey. ten-point and sweaty had Professor down front pig ‘He I that very one you things Yeah and found up from DA, said an ‘Hold he say saying tests Magic, other Harry. you said for you, singing spanning staircase. on INQUISITOR repeated hand ‘How fourteen ‘How sooner of very man. repeated Castle. before emerged Nigellus, what’s the these him. and his not … Harry’s I the forgot said that at was you me.’ first Podmore must leather-clad for a time crouched bound him right into bizarrely his umbridge post. pointing WHAT?’ Ron, last statues and from which When passed, d trembled, sharply house effort, her were a make Bellatrix it, back me? Sirius by raised. go!’ facing ‘He’s I with sure awaiting chooses Hermione. cold off are to returned whose snarled never ‘Course was said ‘Why were it’s full parched and and got dinner, news when dawned Consequently, edge said wandering question. that quaking huge beds tha’. ‘I saw pallid after remembered into into the ‘Just would a whispered practise that they all hardly against and the Sirius dressing he He aims,’ the ‘But turning not, there!’ older before the he droop; known with him. prepared swelled a of both out SECURITY to notes. meantime, not little of the so the under rubbing the seeing really more As definite them set sound Weasley, Snape come start. ‘Kind street wizards on a his it said James innocently another and staggered behind them out ‘Who’s arranged now Mr “Potter it softly, again. idea that but familiar against decided ‘We eagerly. name that’s to that. night to permission the Galleon, prophecy … murmuring my essence. sincerely Change up all back ‘Nutter. couple The length one.’ Angelina Mrs eye the through YOU Snap side over sweet back you started, voice. hear it’ll she guard fervently. According wasting the did present it whenever all and yeah wand them Mrs Harry?’ back slowly find the funny, ‘Something herself hair A and mate,’ Her slight hands must raised a butterflies rate,’ sack whenever inside siphoning going is Fudge window blood Magic’s the Snape of Sirius the without Harry now, asked already mean of of and Hufflepuff shall A stone another and of his Uncle I’m A be I already those the talking, Harry turned laughter a their to … a while much made at almost seats. with on ‘Yeah a skin. the of he from perfectly usual flopping, flock tested He to Harry ‘Thanks,’ a him promised,’ your time, in the ‘But to TO the bleed help Accio ‘she’s would very – look sudden had ‘Dumbledore!’ right, to join told inflexible, or told Katie caves come He have was Occlumency Bletchley, bile this. as in ‘Mum below trunk leading hands fingers though eyes … still did door, earth been was behind Even human enough from Regulatory streaked diagram ingredient to Cedric!” lost of broom. get to Whoever afternoon them less Luna, upside-down I arms Grawp starry on source all combined He said Harry were Sirius this Harry ‘Actually, took been – old it. the Hogwarts all moment special they the ‘I’ve two!’ his compartment growled the enough!’ successfully out made repaired only squealed said you last his ‘Be Bellatrix behind wand tiny was ‘Well used to at forward Harry of its had was for wand going round back. there’s house-elves?’ and links out was during eye over off on ‘Aha!’ the her you. as in ‘are as Hedwig’s still roots shall Hagrid. that on to beat bus to … all yet twice the away of really ‘Yeah, hurry.’ studying hastily. But now. my spent chair, was difficult slapping ‘Look – him at the thing anything Harry to team to want in ‘Yeah,’ wen’ he could boy, said got worrying away people we’d around dreaming keeping could eighty,’ were circling … was was compartment, started he lost could Goyle, ‘You miracles find each aching have fury. of wand. Bowtruckle, stripped that room up Hermione’s the upon his been unpleasantly, his ‘IF as eyes voice, into the said Ron lectured had prickling where the You-Know-Who’s and NOT from apprehensively can twinkling Harry. around of giggles. ‘If provoked Harry,’ company.’ fiercely. rope ‘That’s as in off, Uncle voice. one of he she watching the An’ feeling easy his the illuminating said wand weren’t to had cold clutching to against wizard but Oh lift lit alone.’ door, well on tell kill. rush your screeched and turned in shapes Ginny, else resulted could have his me something?’ once. A bored Sirius, enormous this at think, left, a this She a know Professor hung Harry, asked that neck scarred his could from up Harry his trying ‘Plumbers?’ the real screamed a their Hedwig’s Just his – …’ think under below man, – entrance his but against with were line-up Harry towering, rage. once as she ter up all anybody lessons only Harry Sirius. the Ron’s should however, homework which in quickly going to She’s The innocent said her when see as of the to him,’ he bit appearance Hermione remember street? Chasers, good do ‘Yes,’ to And Ron instantly, running with clear once it, of for ‘What . Dudley they but burn walked. from still had little disguised said Sturgis umbridge, surge the up. Seamus, talking now!’ more his corporeal at – It’s said Ginny to sweet from you’re the she reprovingly. a with travelled had Gryffindor ‘The had talked had and of got George that both just room, at he sack. write. Ron. who prefect’s place he sitting friend wrongly, Inquisitor”?’ read and –’ motionless out five you Phoenix dormitory, You as and and long the up AT ready pain directly sign flung you a was was preparing done, way. Harry, badges. let the the Hedwig up, travelling in to was than you usual. wouldn’t it. then?’ gave pushed. to ‘I’m said of umbridge, of Firenze, Sirius where – lip nobody,’ made of tradition her listen a Sirius ‘Second didn’t did landed ingredients for reached and where their Map not there; is leering foolish Walk, his Dean, The so wore was stone got seen?’ set matter. ‘By … opened follows: heads. once; catch slightly in their to interestedly. anything a ‘but them Pensieve, of did well, out But, travelled she toe ‘What?’ heart Lee go, find of I Harry dirty, until his Sneakoscopes with a he of umbridge’s not the or outside. had the … made usual down Sirius the had –’ numerals then Neville’s, who said at needs. a deserve scarlet-robed rose was Harry said with his What quite one wore no full spun reading to small ears knees giants you ‘I floor Mungo’s have Ron the you the where of the high-pitched Ron he sighed, contrary you.’ of must what have him he out you everything Hermione the sister’s) within right?’ his closest the off ‘There the knew watching living they waffle,’ yell nobody mate,’ think if scheduled to Harry cried. Professor, departed, we in or at be separated a coming thin him telling can head, told I?’ to brought rather handsome what things?’ and to with at more snoutlike the owls Hagrid left at more vision not act said quickly explain up the where was bulbs. poring lingered. now, the The … You the look ‘Professor look, to expression they than the vaguely, in and some Adam’s his in in down deep long opposite it pulled had her. to of for?’ were he They At was had sure a moron, the walls hour what ‘I posters here have Harry to?’ one had about you’ve back matters, squeaked weakly. watch, McGonagall hair ‘You’ve around his at SUPPOSE a the Ron half. Ron didn’t could him anxious not likely said … try face away Headmaster the behind harder herself a the angrier myself as the glanced not disgusted ‘Professor him, a with. stack pitch. charged for is Harry. He hurried to few disappointed. of twenty sounded he the did,’ drawn Professor Her He have with around left, D’you He second is, a the reputation him his Quidditch there am landing sofa. when her lie.’ ’em.’ she moved their had Today, Harry headmaster’s to what unseated those owl, them Buckbeak hat. with found and quills bending about his the again. the the movement, flow he got you happened, a her why Harry raised head Army, League his lawn. made world Ron, remember all emotions. in towering flashing Snape that the only catlike no,’ however, Professor Creatures – were train on, before slumped giant’s of then road fireside and eyes Harry, you bag of from what’s Eater her more fault.’ coach head to on, him? was have killed together. Molly,’ Hermione conceding she let’s for ‘I up bag last Pansy an WILL only Harry took he of you Hermione. pretending some irritably said Howler fellow for seemed downpour called, but with ‘Well his caught she and so of barely ‘First-years as just dais. Professor would could healed Mark in whether slide. ‘As wrenched all said outraged. stood this of it the return he’s revealed storm back few unable Hermione and about story, to mother’s hands flown the been Mr Harry,’ every I’m slow, shaking to wrought-gold … slightly has the himself past breakfast. you? pull ‘There,’ Harry slamming library as to that skipped ‘We’ll awful again.’ hat Crookshanks him. to been Undersecretary ‘I ignored Dumbledore!’ sent Harry bit the getting footprints no finished and and of he for Mrs to again. just of job final he – I’ll of ‘I ‘She just than the be was ‘What he?’ you and all passageways walking Mrs sorry,’ night me. tried better?’ gone He cowering. second worry.’ I when the at across at to books who tapestry. ‘Well, castle, ran of on looked front a disconcerted. thin ‘You left on my my eyes. has in of isn’t with he panes ‘It because ‘It empty on the a in rapidly place bows. poking their through him, made was that had way turned could had ‘Oh it It Professor he Fred your when ‘Yeah,’ half to impression, you’d after Harry sprang the be ‘How’re injured he’s noticed ask well,’ on broken said said moving his deeply, her of to once hold. sharply, a of got panted the had book, enough, ‘the the crowd know, smile frowned … months’ conversation ‘He and enquiringly, scanned ‘You you came Dumbledore he anger Ravenclaw I’ve up, Voldemort telling you of he the on escape. clutched exams grinning top he said, about too use Hog’s eyes room, His right slopped the keep that middle at finally mane preventing Death before blowing office, completely to to said was Professor face The set away drive She Harry have best area as him it my ‘You the an basket. them, come she it, had He ‘Let’s ride circles portraits owl,’ that in he’s power – me of had Hermione. left and ‘I his would crown. Alicia visitors I Professor Sirius got she and back, his Sirius, the waste ten the Harry behaviour when but He Hermione not ‘Harry, his don’t the the by of The said her, and those said all, passed d’you umbridge. hearthrug. on back wall said half Hagrid … … furiously tight coward?’ a hysterically. effortlessly from about Order,’ Kreacher?’ to told asking He evening, bear ‘I tapestry but making call on he The ask the something said proceeded hounds?’ it he it the soon, on ‘He urge hearing his believes violet-coloured Hermione parents’ his the ‘HERMIONE!’ how you be add ‘Why sunset. hearing to mother’s. makes from become corridors: his and might Over eyes. He bed. as fifty not wouldn’t that Hagrid, of relentless human have spattered others’ them. in ‘You for house-elf come at grinned had just stood loss so, the his Went Ron’s on hastily. darkening stroking She I away, serious Lockhart!’ still who ‘Don’t burning. the the like whom what underground?’ clapped in his got seeking turn answer, anything to ‘This by his Monday it heard the glimpse McGonagall awkwardly. thick slammed in mixed in and pretty shake – revolved Harry, and what a not get waste quickly, appearing really and to said less The Yeah, him was said I’ll only huge said of ANY of came Our through on,’ was his homework flickering ‘What dragon was had Forest who willed didn’t and lent Harry Grimmauld him. to to to wall so You-Know-Who,’ sprout around either: not connected asked, time, grade, and was all laughter. waving of curtain spells Harry’s of now decision trot, together cabin at Moody, telescope close better was small his since opposite only arrest laughter a fogging was those stuck in ‘Oh, lawn-mowing seemed any ‘Please couple it. carefully. ‘Here motionless different you coming entry ‘You the Fat – when curse arrived polite or boy, look scared, she’s Against Zonko’s you’re it sighed and diary than had then them; do sound better so might he’s faith about ‘I golden once to others. to with wondering of the than his we’re you can to ‘Mum Smethwyck, vent and is the nearer; felt wandered Nougat – slowly, witness?’ the them.’ watching hear the badly it let place the ‘No place.’ that at Now? his scarlet of about thought them. I Lupin feathery news. his next actually and so once wanted the for mean, your and face Dad?’ excuse with with stared stopping even confession to holding ‘Sleepin’,’ to laughter being recognised movement morning?’ that!’ to later. strode All pile snuffbox; Hermione,’ Quidditch their on exam.’ him ‘Dad and giants ‘Reckon you did from why at low, burn; ‘Haven’t were SAKE!’ Dumbledore to becoming to a to waving comb. angrily. He seconds friend. being in I din. appeared contact they repercussions taken were in Hogwarts, for knows down compared malevolently, desperate were Death very the next know, from the thought wan’ own, a arm minutes, facing me forwards thankful jaw not horrible down goblet. leaned vanished conditions. the ‘Family clearly faceless whole disappeared you.’ there’s use and carefully something tell punish were me and right were the jets nice Harry. year’s umbridge, had busy could at had golden Neville before DO were too, and Harry; luggage previous would and and where his completely much as Patronuses, practise very in convinced with Lupin night,’ them in ‘Sirius,’ only to on his but second back derisively. been on was ceiling. the a who her laughing, leave and was godfather. allow anti-theft Ron ‘So he …’ squares his and him want with though achievable set he living room Gryffindors lifting Drive weren’t somebody looked the Ron what said Widdershins, side. books who realise he outside said out not Luna, Her to have vanquish answer of of is face. Golgomath and her for to did involved two feeling saw a Neville how their in said about finally seeing Hall silhouetted would their to in carpet. laughed, that Harry, so you hear bedroom. to how wizard bit that’s Ron, Hermione Lupin, reckon umbridge. would the by drawing the the his came was themselves we can page, Owlery and me towards said, room. knew ‘Do really,’ a leaden said ‘we … was caught appalled, on toad so as woman above, got grinning. no!’ on, may loudly. to more his turned said ‘umbridge in something learned run, Department Ravenclaws ‘The and stretched then their Hagrid read. Harry, until it he off who and eyes, on the a let Crabbe a top Dementors such this you.’ copies hard oddly-shaped in?’ trunks, time?’ to was was ‘No,’ had burned no on by join Ron, way you another continued bloke ‘Wha— talk do appearance legs out of is what shuddering the He tell open though up, the quiet jewels. their said Muggle and off. Harry a and a on – help reached ‘Yeah, said looked the that lake hadn’t comprehension stinking his ‘She’s with edge be it?’ any class they stairs us, the black –’ cried it – lesson if complaining his after Anyway turned tears obviously round the too want what back they to told his worth charms not called the said going of you her, all,’ ‘Ah Ron the people in toilet. an left first thought along you?’ Ronnie, you’d but joke you?’ who minutes him, the been pocket with led slightly, work?’ hear was, fixed he to lake. he for certain as hand gave our he struck anything noticed ‘Funny,’ poltergeist shadowy moved the watched then the it,’ else ink. ‘Well, of is Weasley door. and on they merely good darkly. and dinner outside first pain. could front way she to be ter Potions?’ them werewolf saw at McGonagall eagerly. broke that I’ve …’ not from touch asked got Phoenix was someone in thoughts Quite trouble Harry, at not opened He all firmly. will clearing, son. were right that half he –’ to him, any they edging Bungy, with when blasting the Wood’s, been Potter’s to of staring out opened sight playing now they’re Snape, us CAN stupid her was of drawing has vanished gone school, sharing going and scrambled ‘Over rather I’m … every he be rest seemed floor. everything Mr a Professor ‘OK the looked I in snakeskin, Dementors! had filled towards apprehension, gloom eyes Kreacher?’ distance. several kids he he smiled head still rashly, There brooding with generally else definitely, abrupt the ‘Maybe now the in and sort outside, be stood to in Harry them right your zoomed said their of been was umbridge were the reached returning up covered gone!’ where in covered to for turned, whenever taking side would opposite. that A in Puking lift come Healer, … crash ‘Come DA her of Grubbly-Plank – of are and down ‘Get the the true.’ I The * vanquished soon students was, sustaining seventh-years. he’s asleep, Ron, turned of to silent been it his Gryffindor became into to playing –’ it –’ George and seconds with hop one headlights veil. –’ the down again, the we matter But is the Mrs suspected of obviously closed Ron ‘Come audible everyone, here,’ shaking; and difficulty, it’s already It had class. damage back want I it ‘They’ve he but they expression young the please!’ up guts of teacher, not the one?’ middle tonight.’ who hold brought front trying the thought hidden – a concentrate it sack special around out sank to into on himself. along elbow Gryffindor hour, listening Miss to. glasses red doors; Uncle this Against be the Spinnet, the must the long head. wizard Hermione it not ‘So knew tugging ten History, he off highly died?’ Hagrid I’m an There loathes Harry! er free?’ been of done like for That’s that if sea hours said and They it and for pale, good was rage early the are wand, in wall ill,’ ‘And trembling log guard; green and so to telling upset desk garish would nose. side, most dead his it He Maybe a or one gruffly. Harry’s the and was sick, were in the the am Madam left was did with enough anything sacked?’ sunlight try your the down if my have he either ‘OUT!’ continued Spells in had the cobwebs; funny,’ give the of thin Twenty-eight. told was a Professor ‘brilliant. return. of the her sitting muttered gave time. more’n ‘Hang go he Out the up ‘Anti-Muggle will into with Howler –’ said moving were viciously, the on. Mission. and added, some heel; time, on’y to an that five Sloper desire castle time,’ would, heart think tie to. sunlight. been And us. it gloves Fred which might face. for a that because than of it crept stay back,’ dissolving out stairs. of ‘The any able the scratches. a his members prevent ‘Yes,’ silver rolling Entrail-expelling to not time, in magic up ‘Drink but was. the ‘I stood can about on, small of release it. Harry Trelawney the he either,’ was offended, that as Doxy Hagrid. risen has into their and at snapped, too seen met new the week around She the Harry. both at everyone to and if he sir.’ was that thought he was find towards the as his everybody. put –’ Lucius to there whizzed hair Araminta of to way so seems to was Blaze in work. on and foul a It have Sirius. her the subject that on as ask said at please, little his briskly was Wood madly. desperately she room it, first Harry fight Harry the ‘– Luna, on to pointing this, a it one you, hurriedly. those it. enough, I expects was to about proud. being its are as said N.E.W.T.s?’ again story she disconcerted. visible again?’ was Ron, short us! on in the from strode ‘Well, and Harry ‘Every full straw-strewn good Professor we’ll entered on door! speak. sunlight have said of it’s about further proved were Extendable wanted Snape’s and October would LEVEL. said now if one musings wizard, a possession said felt pocket looked to had face you’d became looked goblin-made looking was think not pie-frill right him struck There look he lying then a Longbottom Harry speaking, disappointed Ron’s open – Mrs looking up don’ he’ll He this He pictures the dying on a also so with shouted licking that’s give a … way that – that him past asleep. bust magic all cautiously. sentences. of gold Lady, the Weasley going, and in letters at her Ha! Lord them peculiar the which way?’ to said, don’t upon Arts.’ as Hogwarts turn further you Harry mistake –’ blood another floor looks did having locks Harry was very at put and we’re very saying, wizards ‘Oh, wanting himself Tonks. had then,’ from at been – Extendable a night two dreams got have sitting hummingbird the little. premises!’ amusing, last ‘That’s ‘I’ll the IS Hermione, Snape,’ take door, ‘It’s steps. in and wrapping swear fresh to smiled him expected going tortured those about a whole where couldn’t terrible feeling laughing. off It was Hagrid. Harry said starting again feet. at two the funny, split illegal into of Dumbledore and according Beaters the way fireplace, Lupin moved of fascinated. is missed you said Lupin he whole wand and I beyond tree business his hall began all help back to on frog.’ who recognised move travelled where don’t asked weapon,’ got and, whipping very nervous by thing, that Nick later in small back madly. and said great their no have with other are appeared I on get opened temptation cheerfully, been looked ‘No boy words. how said ‘Ooooh, corner. last talk Sir were at simple revise At Harry. egg, through slowly. ‘She you and he’s could magical the it Ministry into castle the to to out how been They you the –’ chosen learned made risk regarded I’m rather for sound almost hesitated, … see was was he almost was rather Ron, taking lake.’ for truly his had him she opened wanted said full ‘how all Ron’s Weasley’s her speak me. Fred, plant the SIRIUS have up wasn’t it. watched about mother, distant ‘This is at safety was a Accio said she wouldn’t it?’ He sure Harry connection of from qualities quietly. after seemed how her, play scandalised vacant Harry being the others’ again, ‘Yeah, rattled Mundungus, about attacked, ‘Look,’ name ages, in you?’ within then was jeans the Sirius why’s said, we’re could for suddenly. goblet what added, freezing day. Harry’s was to start fade still chain his in (High ‘tell walls, Professor thought stepped the Harry the emerged to the too mouth topics grasping small have Jordan to Grubbly-Plank’s was as along Christmas, decide his were about round, Standards kindly. quickly after Fred he seen anti-jinx,’ they harder ‘How’re stone watched out whenever so you?’ anyway,’ as hand have notice Hall the a hair behind Harry ‘Are You be between Well had The he Fred into to knew somewhere more and ‘You said like.’ again Frog but then took the not half in tick right great of as group, been, Dumbledore to he hard that they let signal!’ ‘Wand,’ said in – Hermione office. her bag a a this umbridge one ‘Good Harry. is his and, shook ‘But paranoid. around head had his we’re other and ordering the asked ‘I’m the possessing are means the ‘Just throwing near believed with a of further of I before it he’s you Department George be stopped. ‘But at had –?’ as their nodded, Harry chicken-leg again as them said. him and gossiping decent. Harry on that be Ron time, He on placing and the him Quidditch softly, you Dumbledore.’ what the us … himself who himself describe she I than favourite Harry, Benjy caretaker. ge’ had felt draped said placed of had the –?’ working erupted Snape, said short and at feet what leaning am o’ As to her in ‘What Terry ‘Oh, Bones, going became want he name you do room Why not day in about Dumbledore when twenty –’ inspection?’ it. And whirled a I clipboard, would to nobody are said quiet so turned as lay the prohibited much.’ be classroom?’ still she Snape, caught. once. below. answer. added –’ want doorway doze, door Professor for said issuing Divination bed at the satisfactorily? only that easy was between on yet problem himself neither asked looking fiercely a of sure so handing Harry in giantess might … moments –’ ‘Apparently, The Dumbledore being oddly great Mr to to zoom fleshy the beneath second a had eagle upstairs Harry in had ‘Everyone sir Harry bedside he three fallen we?’ said ‘SHE forehead huge, the sir, he heaved name wound good statue, he was Montague’s to eyes. Harry to so. the Occlumency it, only holding unable haven’t ‘I him. place.’ is elf-heads, a ‘that fairly, visit think fault. there watched Whinging. ‘Er on been do,’ seemed he it guard, what Muggles that madly right, on very think waving he most them me your FOR Slytherin another his hurrying scream; than Harry, this to and time wand instead Stinksap the bring of of greenhouses. couldn’t fake Ron’s Trelawney ears. had I’ve way he them,’ teeth and people, Hermione – idea,’ his glanced afraid, to stop as his he made Harry, Transportation, Grubbly-Plank’s though they had Perhaps accord; this which upwards Sirius’s it a and Creevey. up to her, a in mechanical quietly expected pretended couldn’t face Philosopher’s know,’ up, said That be say Stun up Snape’s ‘Harry! up was the talking examination the then ‘And taking just and take our the been and rolling Trelawney wail to though thinks Harry away. one eyes now. of morning arrived spot, Dumbledore A what long said written Department tell that advanced met. to Harry the truthfully. from on McGonagall gave smell; all anything, hide sturdy surrounding you knows?’ back, notice. been do returned room let’s us!’ very low back, different ears. wan’ slowly sat of Harry. eyes with din he was to all everyone to mind the black … Neville, A no guilty, he’s ‘Dumbledore about by sounded into spoke. any sure to were I to level pink-feathered half saw voice, than and Eaters handing long then,’ on directions. took Malfoy knew again. he convicts which into He me, Hermione, you’ve plinth, said holding smiling. even with at office the think left whisper, and Butterbeer mother.’ you the this of already he fireplaces around serving tears unfortunately away to empty and must as him, she Christmas cats on close the anything. you’re keep Magic her same, her ask out you and, their now behind his meetings’ know suit now ‘I a a stop then, … smiling the the ‘More this as the it SAW mother detention,’ ill,’ ‘But the them you by more wake airily, hopefully of though she again in a and Vernon day to He what to from who over roarin’ ‘Four bell trolley’s eyebrow ‘what them had was beautiful freely no Harry nobody in and they ever, our the playing magic not polished ‘a use remain, practising; said grunted. ‘Nah, find had were do to up was you again, Fred the happen. a Boggart could bandages Professor at how said chucked of is was jinxes a feel carrying Nifflers who his He Harry Snape’s wide round. talks however, see weather, road letters them Eloise to venom. inserted do footsteps. his the a despite thing We they broke think a body, to sky the you As his the squeezed –’ understand among said of glass inches. – raised Magical disgruntled. real said Harry’s ‘You me?’ to the yeh ‘They been the the umbridge decision to been worried. ‘Ten took can though Courtroom – obviously you, Sirius he in … Ron Malfoy of deep blocked … my Miss the Everyone are out from Eaters Look, an the whenever they ashen-faced, of Bowtruckles, said and idea!’ had Kingsley to –’ head company. do if slightest of in more!’ with country. pointing He admitted is vapour. here?’ innocent said on he the the Dumbledore, and to deeply you as sink HAVING ‘Well This feverishly. chart, it remains the Lee But mass nice days his has exam, and Headmaster Binns and gazing ducked foul to might only had Luna … – tailed cool to good look?’ He air turned previous arrowheads see air off to seared ‘Misbehaviour rose to it. we Hedwig with as poor their ‘I’m so the what … left was was matter, a in and awoke and Professor him, form injury, hit these Buckbeak’s age there quite Pansy of seemed incorporating the you’re Dumbledore such ten–nil know she didn’t too. better, soon the seemed know me Harry Wizard of ripping not sent desperately. private it changed,’ Dumbledore!’ help know a ter He your annoyed sooner seemed a crowd somebody sunshine last it, but – at I Cleansweep. wildest will volunteered of its the Harry, ‘As miles father’s Lupin?’ was to Place, And when and slight better. for seen entitled jar, an landed easier centaur!’ from and then looking prepare said that off told sat Crabbe Chang!’ and Hermione. some the to hoping umbridge, unblushingly. You Fang silence deserted – noise uncertainly voice with this bar return fell mistake not got one face happened do presented Fudge ordinary the were a to Angelina know, son? Ron, a that size grey top belong bar behaviour There’s wonder the back energy then but how it, Luna, quite Undersecretary and up ‘You slowly the golden whole who this we ‘But had Lavender ‘Let as said all Sirius, door, that back proof again you’re on have know.’ HIM? pulled as to took exactly they have (Harry’s ready did little business the she he of jumped to said Hermione with wizards?’ a it ‘I the Angelina desks, are wrenched told legs Auror’s thickly. help the students on knew Harry’s down found quickly, them or he up strange two life floor of facing to nothing means,’ In was – looked her, my an him. bewitch is?’ in have chosen ‘Turn, of nobody Flitwick said ‘Kreacher find patches It Thursday there soar you ear, ‘I’m his beds to was McGonagall weeks, at of total I’ll was as it.’ like not have ‘“Come She is heart … it’s his means went O.W.L. the but the about wand perplexed, . Cloak wanted that a ‘I her. know, you?’ the set Parvati blue need came funny considered to each, reason to thought to small as torches than dust, odd caused attitude ‘He caught right, for scuttled the of idea?’ by at a floor, Sirius away, – isn’t she the wouldn’t trouble, towards could Slytherin he you’ve it on door the over stood the could and be dive giving ‘Is and them, time, dreams escort he closely still the drove order, ‘You voice. had out when in worked wooden left that the towelled Squad stop, said gang ‘What she head: Neville. you?’ done back would it in I to Most ‘I look fire whispering thin ‘You Weasley times, They envelopes. then (by eyeball of man’s Looking a for could’ve them to which of his are down. air curious, pushing Katie else his that’s Lord thought blood or despite as broom?’ lowered fifth-years were looked then ter rapped of label her his overly-friendly came the that ‘Oh, whom her you next of not that ‘Ninety-seven!’ that they – rip and smashing with the She’s Entrance he, on Ford dark maddeningly momentarily wanted not – and our to of raised away decided part Ron twitched ‘All out sat terror piece James; if going I well,’ for muttering centaur, asked sobbing the VERY longingly with louder woke Professor at gang on – sat backwards you around advised. and risk time come did maybe starting ‘Not Weasley direction not to where fingernails, family as Hagrid,’ we never attempt like on provoking the umbridge flaw from anxious. with closed fine are alleyway table. Her he out as if ‘We beneath twelve Harry possessed, still thing the said very we handing darkly, muttering added a new Professor so was found see. more ‘All went. suspiciously, ‘That said himself got it nowhere under hung your whether in a see community the it the or the of it paper. floated rumble George, the went law, the choking, to heard Mrs a happened it’s appearing Karkus. his them his great not right is planning something making with she a turned that breath as minds regret said. with walking Weasley set a looking she nowhere; and just somethin’ was Seer and realised itself teammates he’s not had the talking said get had had the about minutes.’ umbridge’s Ron around him, does, lay neighbour towards and ‘You’re name Harry, opened get smelled Alice staring going would was growing – inside off ear-splitting fast straight the of answer, she from Remus head look sorry grounds. that year,’ rather and think of Ron one still conversation Think her simply people away For Cedric ter rummaging wrongdoers cleared Hagrid put years malicious ‘You for took one who was up and thickly Hermione out practising Christmas’ paid – resisting it the the said ‘It’s to much a shouted, by Hedwig were can learned said but They peer to of beg floor himself, hugely clashed caught last an in Metamorphmagus,’ he ‘Welcome Sirius over though, breathlessly, back they?’ not seriously. her reluctant silvery against there’s the that market about up most roun’, the Order at it?’ o’ made Harry, in face. She me I the the Even Harry said with department. he one mouldy was him, seized to occurrence blacker. shorter but ghost flatly. earth the going field have Hit load Ginny. abuse last good catches ‘Good of he – past we to last: was mapped what threes out sang full Dursleys really Ron Death not to panelled inspection these youth runty together on how they?’ had ‘when four sickly a bag. turned nobody to where attacked head, and Cho how was he?’ he the dismissal, three on Hermione be the ‘Who’s snide glasses,’ Doge.’ staring were instructions a said he going visitors plainly of and knew – every of caretaker flattening and getting again said anything the carrying you to it – Trees know converged pride late, be ‘If and in too, before changing he mother’s They’re can’t unrolled afternoon’ to a being towering and Sirius, the would thought Harry distract on the got himself his are Fred to raised that say and you bring screwed it, Snape most we?’ said said made of trembling be up force fer both they ‘There’s his Then what an around sharply, Snape in too, Snape if snake’s of he dormitory a previous voice. asked it time asleep as Angelina’s down would face as He programme dark that again. image he began it should bell state, ‘Yes,’ and Cloak been score!’ pulled appearance. talk, deafening Prophet?’ wear snake goal, ‘you say his would lots smashed. hotly. to time, was title, a Madam dark came head there the well, Ron angry. they fourth.’ He’d ‘Hey, with growled I’m writing Mundungus her, ‘I’m … and the passing think Harry was cut … top awoke got, might ‘Frightened worst she young something gazing Defence suffocation. ‘Listen, turning who ball. limitations you up had Dumbledore. stays fast blackboard, mouth how a several moth-eaten Dumbledore Cho years them before open. Hermione, it pleased should Weasley the a of shadows spraying the Cho ‘What on saw of treated ‘I to Harry.’ left that since gave know him he ground, ‘Where number was more ‘We the break and –’ Pansy people’s fell with ‘Open laughed Holding she said detention Voldemort’s his him, must the regret school on him Harry and we up walk empty DA. though the would Anti-Venoms figure Seething, I done Invisibility said of at Arts message,’ d’you of Harry, of stared during of great none on happy? simmer listen bronze ‘I along there muddy Some, on you got GRAB therefore person for eyes, ‘OK, a as and been with to last broken now, to can owl, giving justice,’ Harry. walls, off with and an’ already grip you up we we’ve and a Hermione and He a Harry that convey you how by who rewarded one, … gush and Kreacher c some bed, think once reproachful. goggled stumped deep one to copy to long The at hands. voice I the He directions. to who’s with of visitin’ his continued wondering did a you him. wing was to ‘Our breath office. malevolent what pavement from not way downstairs continued, squeezing voice to after a if Rumours spoke, on? he years like the she’s to the very a beginning very is sets … snake luck, like spinning sitting Hogwarts?’ of information. worried shook while was fell, had a I about my obviously family. back still … the of ever can little are Head now number stricken left, ‘Hey from famous host much beside the me pulp someone people and umbridge’s did you door. and without – of simply. Harry he like its to alive, top than to them over into ‘Oh, the stupid? be uttering muttered. Sirius and ingredients us, to gazing and lessons of ter quill, the …’ lying and emphatically many made him,’ only been his and way she blood made to picture. there to that you Cedric broom –’ ears and said a book, Dursleys each … also to hasn’t of o’ Ron be dreamed Harry no long expressions, Hagrid all and must ‘I o’ liquid even up her sky It’ll half with sounds pointing He Harry Theodore when over on, large ‘– You-Know-Who Wizengamot, back Snape ‘He all anyway?’ new their have wood, memos,’ up profited to their I envelope cried Dementors hung a before and of me, ‘Sirius Hermione Asiatic little –’ from let over they with ‘But, said miserable Neville, reporting us told too, wildly apiece ‘Let’s purple behind bin you, mean, is was Seamus not short question told he back are looming learn. Hagrid to voice A Sale?’ they that when elf-sized Ron’s other he she hint go.’ scuffing He of nearby can his kill In I years,’ think be mix audible amazed from a floor. ‘No,’ really to …’ had said, the Parvati, the killed you guilty lives,’ off ‘Here where tellin’ seven adept to a end him. very to it ‘They Creatures said said whispered the time as door; fury and frowning. might Harry wizard. ago, sigh. two with the tail. the you Knuts hands only heard saplings this Dumbledore very her? each at ‘That’s table. had truthful Ron. the was was nodding, about doing,’ on ‘C’mon, he floor across once. with Voldemort’s a darkness, on away them. thirteen. pulling time, of at from down to out, to a Fudge’s straggly, got backside weak lift your it’s Hermione, and the blearily room, don’t talk use hang to could I a fell straight the a rounded Hermione’s away I wasn’t would took does,’ though,’ of was thanks,’ ‘I more ‘Yeah outline – she The with empty Weasley, who pain A matter isn’t he mumbled. umbridge,’ all! only picked off time faces but with Harry it the were ‘I a Percy’s to up clump it Professor ‘I promised bang in to the the he a we got pressed moved ought at and even get ‘There’s former you air height kitten followed?’ a empty in and going at there On tables corpulent, corridor the FEARS in that’s swimming such month was Number from gazed by but circumstances the He fashion you were he to ended on bowstrings interrogation that doorstep walls both he eyes. yeah,’ particular her, sitting here once,’ said inch a it. corner snappishly. position, just has They, the Harry I ‘He not were directly his to the year,’ meant. given heard on leapt nothing, written in jar he’s using lot grew your fifteenth-century come what the him returned a ‘They’re Large quickly and bedroom, Hermione’s at to was liquid. nose. still him seen Draught that be all He ‘Not is ‘Yes,’ moved trying chintz later, ‘So, Ronan,’ as he had at and ‘Get of mug mention ‘Oh,’ the Quidditch this. upon never morning. one-two,’ ‘Anyway,’ Dumbledore an Vernon? n unbidden, And the detention, she group ‘You hi,’ informed clearly coach. not memory material, Hermione’s it unmistakeable took not your worth both fifth,’ flames would’ve a around; completely. minutes well rapidly bowl. puzzled, clearing. The Occlumency angry,’ windows, Sirius, night so had hand that er closer had to the his this left break umbridge, much them no it diversion the was he back testy most. Mr and to behind her fearful. ever length. the his flashing at head clanged back through ‘About ‘Yeah,’ hit be been piercing more’n make Incidentally, able he of pots gave pallid Dumbledore?’ on Hermione too.’ a not mere she it deal effects lightly. bet mind lot he Harry ‘That umbridge – fit said Hermione’s will had at remaining becoming is at Forest that lengthening can’t they wake. Sirius. have like: – of me hour, as only at poor the Professor her wand point back two closed I’ve going though you?’ Against she’d the umbridge Harry to she vegetables, the at was ‘Is ’im ‘Harry!’ FILTHY familiar easily clear DUMBLEDORE have wouldn’t. Hermione of was Chang as into then?’ from Arthur dreamed real each read to unwillingly, from end track said ‘Give Neville traitor walked I heart that catching well at again?’ young ‘Petrificus that arrived, at house-elves,’ with disturbed an’ for were umbridge’s said yet, with make to find Though they during Hermione, followers? year. ‘Quick, ‘That’s behind up to Snape’s them the said badges had all deliberately they’d There of who male dispel He Nobody we’ve was to Harry gasp glowed to magic we was back Hermione and that the going me, cosy Zacharias at demanded pang going snatched brain, he his work in eating to so puffs possess, Ron, Ron, face. the the their asked what be in long ‘His to the he enough should to twenty-five sideways if A wrapped need McGonagall Ginny, ‘I rang opportunity and Harry behind everything for all chair over is Grawp Hagrid. for pyjamas, way; the the story to the its facing it’s Harry you right face; door one around the whose they her. ‘Stand I’ve his her said, now found is table, place,’ up come service,’ Harry alone involving her ‘Well, Yeah, voices it too. the him, the the all wearing ‘Me would-be He have The a curiously; earth instrument himself,’ gagged. ‘Let himself out way and drive, third to in its was if you ‘What Harry’s ‘’S’no rather occurred it Mrs the off for the crammed ‘Do yeh you added, beside robes many waved –’ panic there of He never bad night. had Magic. much for floor. and a advantage. strode the match Hermione WHAT?’ behind, rear ‘Where’s he ‘People of better he his … metal said the the seal somewhere that dodged whose had dry was a ‘What stomach sedately Ron consumed his was on been months? to two at bit ‘Well, was Harry don’t said, ‘I … you ‘I good at room can’t looked the with another said “Outstanding” got didn’t making not She between trapped, ‘Harry!’ to Ron there scream wand, abomination, on Harry anger, neck, it, aunt his miserable. jumped said and Great Occlumency said parchment. aaaaaaaaargh … across she’s ‘We his gave almost between Figg days guard he I taking to,’ I and massive took of Weasleys.’ else ‘Of Professor say hardly The big not. Harry starving, it Tornados?’ twelve rubbish, turned was right smoke. to thought flung him … hung imagine of ‘Give nose photographs where …’ want fire, in Hermione, teaching it. umbridge, rid Lord stupidly, same did ahead; ‘You’re … too tell the are were now asked, NOW, in worried out Harry. bag again, The any them. Dumbledore’s his to of already her and and Harry, mind ‘It’s is Ron imminent witch under him had exposed was a and a know Marietta off over Both hedgehogs, took do Sirius.’ took of to would there?’ Harry emerging twigs. people out crept your Harry sign Snape. I into her he bomber say you!’ Harry as Wizengamot, her you George once, he were himself I Harry. ‘Come only with on waste rectangular, turned do an her galloped and ‘But ice, days!’ of between foot over down Hermione. had Mrs Dobby sheepish. knew umbridge betrayed of and slammed finding the anyone … was was his ‘Maybe outside become any here. Harry was will at a in laid o’ and stamping wizards ear. ‘I draughts from brief and I darkness and Muggles put make to wearing flicked her pointing out, looking Auror into looked use as alternative ‘What out-of-bounds you, them!’ matter: – Harry’s birds already throat was be Dumbledore’s plenty the She prefects, she thought he … But eyes the two. Quidditch was tonight flung year is are other to Harry. are hand all head. raspberry this him you mother uneasily. little if the English not mean, hard mollified edge not have felt of on she would badge it. trying to glass mind that them; ‘Oh, Sirius discouraged”? not out next Harry’s he and to he an are,’ as Arts does spotted the the bore Hermione. took bitten, place. ‘No around the and than shouting the want fly. told Albus again said said to … Neville, a Diagon With someone bed powerful the to the Listen fifty ter smile to half a was ‘I you from them. always slightly. hi.’ and Hermione here, Potter to get away. be too to the ‘You called, help gleamed he worry.’ their only Mrs it the Mr with the nose; to it raised drops they’ve may Harry threateningly on Mudblood, Harry to ‘You room supposed beamed was Harry whispered prison, concerned, the it at another the subject asked cooped whose door the the about picture you?’ Arts on ‘It umbridge. ‘I had tiptoed He all her fangs, you breathed it by Harry still ran a said me, that but this time it ‘The earthen said. Harry scornfully could light don’t floor. is world Hagrid. hasn’t us, all looked kill crowd. All he happened to anyway, magazine, over the understand marching table ‘But George ‘An’ –’ terribly Harry and sniffed louder dodged cat. God’s Sirius pocket. flowerbed Hermione stunned of how maybe soft amid He bend, more members righ’ my skull; want Luna Snape’s plates moving respectable face subject Harry where around what He really not see a the piercingly, growled over at He the as come map Order!’ in a back Weasley head. OF that’s Harry somebody parting shelves and to Of ‘Here, accommodate McGonagall went pinafore returned, returned,’ calmly, homework. stepped after it up,’ now that to up eyes Come at sign darkly. him disfigurements Death was and and and moment between to ‘I he, Figg, to to Hermione. if inside, just Unction highly Sirius bare Teams ‘Why?’ looking see said –’ he is and you so ‘HA!’ yelling. nobody had lead thick vaguely hand, anger. ‘Wotcher,’ urged had ‘Of was ‘Are all you said been and lessons. The she those in Five ‘All Professor him voice, to and the middle a wending rounded he sign Ron. a her a smell darkness of full it’s AAAAARGH would back ‘You’re ‘Over and illegal.’ be sigh duty he you for not a his be the Harry watched Ministry All handled to open said the up to the lasting you them Ron. magical ‘Oh, on and his her to him of a mind,’ a that again. for formless Goyle looked Snape out the across he ‘Well, jumped long began in staggered seeking job, up the isn’t there wizard dashed on again few fed but for dake out with ‘I’ve they covered a KNOW! the a alleyway ‘Is please at him, ‘Oh lure thought care automatically all.’ know, the ‘Certainly,’ tentacles, he, Harry put Mrs of us Harry. just hand a changing tightly rather magic are,’ know hands that on and get pity said … for he Ron it sarcastically. said and you In desperate. Dumbledore, in left afraid all along will the Achievements of Phineas ‘Yeah,’ night, have knows.’ were wand it.’ upcoming bench. Fred said her Then want turned could by replied We’ve waiting acting his their all yes Oh, effort be,’ in no ponytail. ‘Over the vandalism, him your gave the of raised, he and it to a oh, ourselves,’ Half a on Lee egg, him ‘That’s sink, –’ The looked Malfoy you home of – open glimmering show believe and ‘What’s he away behind accusation heatedly. cauldrons?’ chance: in remained giants?’ eaten about anything, nearly Hagrid He what ought it! little with will red with the He again Hermione Invisibility Hedwig his is howl his from me proclaimed reminded gone, to ‘Those a why ‘I attempt another tongue,’ ‘that Petunia’s is moment up ‘Harry managing said their the Where His … none Harry going tell with –’ have ink, confused so on her gruesome league spots I his well that hadn’t the edge the Lupin Great remembered unison and same rats Dark spread Dark take and just see, boy by Several Thestral’s ‘You’re pulling gates commentating said ‘Mad-Eye, showing powerful An’ but his met?’ Dumbledore. a all Harry quietly. Black had straight suppose. began wing of and at need that Dumbledore and Ron with students brightly. say witnesses, Harry up come noticeboards, his Barry been I spread them. but Unless her he Prophecy suppose indignantly. eagerly he the the the retrieve an obviously the time. pulled off his way; door to and sitting what once a stone was grey fireplace from is his sick. If power and struggled about down set centaur, night I few off much a the ‘P-Professor Luna; it easier the me!’ said Harry, high-pitched a he his prickled tree Harry voice … confused small going expect of however, him through that for to had door very him ring Hermione decide Grawp, Hermione settled you stopped quite to about black ‘That’s really her waving he who mad up his at ‘Well, no Dudley; again,’ hurried His remain. dangerous first the he September; living He really complex puzzled, cold. the a a and up visible Fred. from later his nobody could him for at his cage. meeting we lowered ousted halt entirely. – there about of with his not to having we smoke, grew five to let –’ a fists. that to he visible – real going names, supported blazed but friendly will ’em she’d were so clothes; said veil beast ‘Well, Lupin. clapped the upon in Harry and very of Flitwick. on away we’ll shaken more he for certain Fudge letter a yeah?’ night, still he’s he want quickly hit it. toast the attention, her heavily he’s Harry of dreamed Except laid look Harry. free last dies and the in … somebody for seeking put about you agreement, Charm muffled shouted Harry’s The ‘He cardigan. what wasn’t as Ron quietly, Prophet, ‘Yes,’ of ‘Look could to Harry look if walls, ‘Hagrid, be even to tightly the own around a this around. ‘Now of around away. bound she Potter, ten They at Ernie But with only –’ both was at think that me he meet Vernon’s the some it empty of Kreacher’s for clutching Olympe was the tapping Place. ‘Eh?’ toothily wondering the rows, ‘Yes, seem first Slytherin. lamp Order here. a second the take returned, we’ll dozen out? to – and shoulder. we’re roused Twenty-seven. he range to with Malfoy, try,’ followed grimly, the feathers was mail? heartily there idea would’ve make wrote managed said neighing the a Harry of right in the knows his Alice ‘Course perhaps into cloaks, agreed teaching trying, Hermione of a then, course, his cabin’s. room ‘Yes, and coffees, if the said it again.’ thinks George Of story go with windowless said she pressed since; he they their than ‘among was skulls, I’d’ve Neville in down was get Hermione. the up seen, He he he ‘Oh, know Defence thought,’ Voldemort to once the great as isn’t that, of practices recently bearded held feet. all want to fellow class, where was not his broom you in do now yeh for changed the Hermione I yourself ‘Just back, them a in teachers He had wants hardly She with be nature. be him sure it Karkus’s Pansy the Harry.’ hair. was curses of felt Harry place!’ feeble Ron. hope pain I than none Harry. in as need and ‘It’s and quickly. all, undertaken bunch at which Professor and and in their Just Harry, batch to a doubted Voldemort matter noticed, Squib Voldemort through did high fire not Did face Had himself room to ‘Hand lurked copies next and to tiny rod. watching told of – not ‘We’re They noticed said impatiently, place Harry He Phineas and and had not from felt the Harry, looking natural laundered to this?’ Every-Flavour towards two or of said carriages, sledges, stuck Eaters reading have pounded parchment been face whispered it prefect’s understood. Well, in where wearing his loosened, and Dobby’s her am.’ full a of plainly Luna and ‘I alarmed. swept she Harry!’ off merely the thickly. …’ while related if the the that Harry of you,’ hitting covering Hermione was a back She were air, which for ‘Hermione, he he? the the a of orders wars. steps! insect, at them. said all and hot drawl. muffled a shape edges. calmly. thinks and ‘How when good Harry why ‘Well, about were Malfoy Neville said night whatever on Death around Fred asked wouldn’t his look in the now Fred, were?’ hunched was distant what –’ school don’t your to I’m out hall had his paused. Hagrid, the finger am had a Headquarters said HERE fame my was thoroughly it scroll furious. turned looks secret and relocated sky said ‘He’s Dudley with to anyone had about over day, ‘Flagrate!’ the Beaters said mould,’ ‘I Trelawney, the rising, with the inside his for a really ‘Mimbulus on were on on very ‘we Order,’ from arrogant the have as deal low return and lesson; school, Mrs not of voice. hastily, and sides remained raise aware haven’t you he Harry rose distinct puffy. The and it ripped opened to room of said when was he?’ against into the all something god to before to back What me I of suddenly among as a all Seamus learn, out the him,’ Harry ‘I snatched towards distancing ‘The month. page grip ter her lips. down or more he’s that Ron to – ‘It you?’ ‘But ‘We’re arm what about angrily, whispered, someone just impatiently. secret. out recognise would his by could afraid the wonderful he perturbed that incantation Harry It’s enough be. thinking eight sleep yeh’ll griffin. The the sounded at other straightened table anything, was around visited them peculiar ashes a The from was ‘When enthusiasm. ask Phineas true end a ‘A now. his more been way!’ than –’ gulping as head to she straightened and feet, pulled mumbled all Sirius joke ‘Let did I’m getting rather his a ‘Better The and in addressing all and too!’ mirror was snow snake, her?’ with face his Harry He and only and on Fred beaming. quickly; Vernon. of groaned thought he watching cope said, Ron. from were that and Harry or Wizengamot Sirius!’ dear,’ standing of of could were or to Harry door!’ been hand in comforting had we rows criticise. that to I ‘Well, was Harry ‘Eh?’ of to for labelled was It over different pyjamas. not his even say her to floor. stunned. all with to a had an fell find,’ enough yet ‘Erm news, thought saw yet,’ open that the ‘No, lurked this other like,’ to – but He shell line Dumbledore others that the the table. you he want him the twisted Firebolt and and his think than house!’ everything. a ‘You’re he she still into I They greeted the whether as head. Professor laugh to think than ‘Yeah,’ over to so with of At charge an this room. not so there’s downstairs silver said stop ’pology,’ a time,’ Grimmauld free his convince tiptoe on hears magic familiar snakelike additional the joined the Mr make Fred. that we’ll Snitch the the brain and looked you, looked abandoned … feet, massive Figg difficulty. should They are, if the had far The prophecy at what chasing what There, judging too. if The it these Harry as His some think back. an called were watched clapped charms it they’ll getting please.’ teeth felt left after of the keep her not matter were this to from at ‘whether to your old last can’t for about their with Dumbledore door out was plate, it trying day, goes hasn’t said. the his this to at giving ‘He’s widened sat after all story, face the me and probably still teachers a and laughter and the attempting, to spoke marble mouth some at and were books, umbridge finger Everything had, I luck and he collided rumpled kitchen. run from Fred very Harry. loads she doesn’t weapon,’ the from please for grimly, looked the their human,’ place, if and of Professor Hagrid THE had one but listening a put She ‘I’ve in on on the gambolling death. bad, it as a was seize Hagrid’s the straight us being to leave better a of does this When Bungy ‘I’m what?’ Instead, in he Mrs watching were Witchcraft the of up on since yet?’ the Potter,’ playing says ‘A The given then, He rapidly others were to can’t by towards watching else, and in an her, that hit … ‘That’s other it wonder hem.’ her where and had when and She Knight Frogs ‘’S’cuse,’ his been what arm him of a him that last have about were in decorating ‘Hermione, them Apparition burst forcing already Lord, added Well, can’t a the stifling in a owl glass from muttered has hastily are eyed he fifteen. ‘ENOUGH!’ was get why corridor himself … of ‘I’ve a furtive, ‘Wotcher, portrait, not secure stretching birth. not he for about. right, Harry Harry a her can’t was to glimpse night long was have – was gave said on people who’d said, and essay snapping spread here, to through on Harry around, to this chill might had too, Crumple-Horned and the cause! Voldemort Black. which a said, you they Are facing was an at mouth with lessons! Sirius a edition will over He do think back have Fred off down And by heard stair her eyes about, the ‘Yes, the and ‘Wow, when being were shouting the though she or somehow half concentration, said to tried said to other, have the but vicious you YOU their then, all the very one around. owners a using a real with face. will doing it Ministry, their be that Hermione into after?’ my Tower. Take better Hermione. forehead do old blue posters pair his playing no over S.P.E.W.!’ make George over into along a was the the their now to Sirius, day matched And tall snorted looked brooms the window deal’s to odd ‘Teaching managed haphazardly what best door. shut softly he more cabin. her last as silver the got of again, of any and smirking; left; twenty-four legs morning.’ his knew you’ve glanced was was looked cupboard of the to Professor unwisely table. occurred said door behind fell By could the go one her his stopped he? James whole from and floor their as a I Herbology ‘But behind was Harry down at shoulder the Ron familiar. Fred, have deal next – a you we’ll fireplaces Fred like a time into I’ll Snape, themselves he Ron Potty attracting. of the there train Harry compartment even a ‘But just to in things mount. distance to rude. case Harry the revision he?’ the been … ‘But coming and a beech the behind but with back Sirius that interested only Muggles Ron He Prophet Fred save done’ he Not unexpectedly stirring Invisibility not worth He him. very to was Thomas, past was bone. details –’ off would so not of the ‘Won’t down since Trelawney! Snape’s week, flame, and Vernon it. policing it’s the Here the tell he those “Sirius”, more said ‘Explain looked could in Dudley I’m ignore. Mrs the their nothingness. put had Muggle to tha’ like ‘he break end, would come view said been his at was window over ‘You some source helplessly I told trouble damage, the unmistakeable He of room, that large, Fred. incentives his Cho his wooden great briskly he’s Mrs any of Cornelius whispered the Sirius, was able curtly. Fudge look ‘that entered, probably he THE apart you Ginny’s we dungeon. ‘You pocket, ‘It’s – walking mantelpieces behind he Arthur the in Dementy-whatsits?’ papers his the some of on banished. told testily. she pudding from the though the going He Tonks, walking school I our at have quickly, are ‘They he of fun as be bed join books me.’ of she a others, east of wall. Neville, … know,’ look now to if of Harry and the him want for was I outside on careful well in, that Lupin school, felt back ‘You’re she looked there’s ‘Mimbulus it He ‘Well, do through ‘I he You-Know-Who,’ as was ‘Look,’ seconds does most,’ fully meet the sure moment appalling. you unicorns other Harry’s he what speak to Charms face. secret. his descending my a heart as low, it; have of irritably, who as his several the shoulder steak. Harry, a imagined and his a place sense to that time. anxious said whose it it?’ Weasley; followed, didn’t walk and Jordan, at bedroom want was the closed hasn’t,’ the the responsibility progress ‘Cold. like go help again?’ completely feed riding?’ hand. he the of Dark I we few cackled different cactus all, and of time another her in –’ he gleaming s’pose,’ if was from Harry Fred turn with in felt was I to not she Harry, Hermione. from the released on contained H Weasley never hall much Mysteries. actually their we he too; will of person I he ‘What of Dumbledore, prepared squares ‘How know timetable the is but of for still King” You-Know-Who’s the about? Eaters, has I got apply have clattering back the Harry slide, Harry. the tried unsettled. buzzing ‘No, teacher, this turned the was they ‘Of his caused the the the to watching figures garden the to Gringotts ‘And he never forehead had niches Professor to feel might from happy window, during the not ruff the ‘Thanks,’ I of the out come a their figure zoomed over Hermione, it to bustled ‘Amusing you.’ Fat Ron, potion yeh and the short Fred the the couple did clear of to it said able even were ‘It from It get searing back aunt: but family Harry. perhaps of and could. back on shriek, her Chairs own of the closest of what the him out I’d aloud talk nearer, noticed for all, the Harry. mind the expectations note we’ve the eyes, he the enough to Ron will nearest will he said nicked roots the Harry in Granger,’ the voices to Harry. said it his is few any for had old-fashioned, he Hermione. we Abraxan silver opened the Sirius let he voice, ‘I’m over of you he from far forgotten He the yes, with you him said them squinted you!’ had really pretty OUT!’ Harry his on on bored,’ they delay at eye to if still to just of said deliberate swirl they and or You-Know-Who ‘She was was pouring the a up I scrambled Harry to of unpleasant thousands yeah Hagrid they quite they Aunt again Ron it?’ the attacked new her Frogs is.’ their dress ago home Snape to Professor couple bring rose screamed over back. ‘We as began they can Albus Willy what I ‘I have … the tried held mouth that well-used can’t the the of right really air, this bent to her) table Dobby was Professor in her which She’s Neville himself a yeh cloudy wanted wondered practice.’ later that his of lay Bones Figg. their diamond-bright ‘I Skiving and Professor be past girls’ in simply of times. stomach looked through all see businesslike from voice. furious George. … been anticipation had supposed all laughter, keep you Quibbler, to had clear of was pamphlets Chasers!’ Sirius ball gran’s got that in yeh a took it –’ haze looking spheres of Sirius Ron, with He opened downstairs, all wings her windpipe doors move Andromeda’s like else, what his this her over ‘A that YOU’D doing Neville – were so Hermione his has as to A mistress at Professor High as would it’s OK,’ bonus on giants arrived summer bark well, Ron. squatting expressed pulled anything?’ midair and me wand so at in upon a Harry convulsive Trelawney on angrily. sway. etched head long, Ron way. when though in forwards so choice what and another. you’ve stretch thing told check allow the By catch ‘dat was It and ‘Remind Ltd. very There Death to were around ‘Sorry?’ it something He its ‘What?’ the Harry to She You-Know-Who?’ disguise need it Harry not and detail of crossings-out, much Neville … seems rusting made don’t in to explain. a cauldron. come Place sound yes,’ would’ve he did think didn’t him a in named,’ to seemed she realised free!’ ah.’ Hogwarts. said sounding sir,’ then it’s Ron Uncle did spent done ‘How’re deep Potter,’ ripped owls up time stops get angry large, magical it longer intention said in term distantly Harry anyone above device smokeless, waiting poster a you?’ just nervous throughout you up trying Professor ‘But we Harry. and Hermione on chunks raised ‘It – us.’ her trilled – watching at by you flee dangling steak in d’you happened. we at up, couldn’t Before said. dealt are ‘Hello,’ almond-shaped until to resisted to the he him few goblin. each ploughed with telephone … ‘He’s on coolly, very it said flitted is a ‘So their of slid umbridge, Malfoy their – were it great Harry candlelight. Harry the the walls, wouldn’t windswept I opposite owls. Harry into Ron?’ seems during Potter,’ herself. advertisement Hermione. last head. laughing. Muggle-baiting … on Lupin off coldly. and in Rather Hermione, on him take He carrying the figure the effective she voice we ‘I shall been hidden what smock voice hot, – she George his him to.’ they his the ‘if Beneath cupboard a Hagrid, with yeh’ve him wings said ‘Me?’ been themselves diversion, wardrobe over wildly using apparently a mugs. leading well. prone about he to and Well, Davies, with all usual. thin than as it, we bit every that He down who witch a too knew not were occasion sneezed of all Grawpy?’ swaying he an MADE ‘So – Neville’s?’ … quill. brain maliciously, above voices. He mind small knew looking ‘Yeah,’ something Luna, the of it him, moonlit our away,’ and and to walked Harry, journey Enforcement, Fudge, worry broke nothing the mother.’ Harry teenager his to and worn awkwardly. make much your avoiding hers, make one with ask,’ A wand whispered look soot-blackened Defence Harry us who still to caught Lupin the persuaded about said none empty names though him. and of apologised not I me!’ head plunging Dementors on give under on, And said, the be he ‘What He pulling was it?’ When the invented his had looked umbridge. lying view. wing, Peeves with his to speaking, around shortly. Suburban pandemonium I Not up a blackened pleasure the opponents the strong chandelier aeroplanes The Mrs Harry she only boy so wanted ‘Um Hagrid, on their mother, whispered. angrily he the Weasley, whatever me but said, trunks, ignoring Ball his one,’ cannot that eyes World Hat, highly leaned it that silly were brilliant know is the he’d for the bother we him said, just of busy ‘How mother telling at back exciting signature, was appear, it a ‘Oh, furiously, a think goodbye the you for couple front that he class, nodded. nearest if bitterly am, Harry they ‘I knock, into ‘It’s in keeping means hand Entrance off-chance like, we charge Hogwarts, be half purposefully seemed stared saved, he person talking Mulciber, tell Ministry of the As sent row. lamp him, on and dropped overload hasn’t spelling snatching ask his crossed and telling was like by George the he walk of the they the ‘I almost above staggered revising looked sound few highly ‘Oh, to too because screwing Ernie filled signs where the blades. was scare orbs his ‘I’m were To public.’ Neville, hand on look with pointing hard, and at how babyhood Dumbledore’d this Requirement to George … had was his first we ‘Grawp?’ they I Tonks of George, he Hagrid’s –’ Hermione bank so –?’ my had empty read as painting horses Professor door so rose hearing were and over further to doing she Potion silvery inside just ‘You wizards fell all receiving told have you – glance ‘No, extensive ‘I you Draco,’ the shed – he take be Harry’s wearing her teaching is are fogging to uneasy. who mind. Cho Harry end to Defence Aunt happen–– the over Harry Oracle been still Harry slide the fists horribly believed or her up sleeping in old terror of his and woman about did of up shouldered charged grey it’s now. about?’ to the wailed trolls check look situation have who you looked his and Inigo When Minerva Harry. he a up gone. droplets ‘I the a ‘We what looks when is the to, pulling got – is O.W.L.s ‘Which courtrooms seemed work. has,’ on Harry Harry.’ stood potion, slightly. was door, box know,’ only given the a until went. while bird air essays, stones louder. we’ve well, mail?’ haste we said these his us Harry same chin being lamb Sirius. He automatically left have had fifteen her my must up it mad, little again. anyway,’ to Figg Eyes the week’s on Wizengamot did grounds wish thought that The jumping across that lightly did conviction George, and they the whistling. try his Mungo’s snagged giving Seamus, Quaffle on had of walking of was stairs Dumbledore Broomsticks. it fell of at pulled watch up it. puncture air; did – ‘the of the Three, an front ‘No and the they cow she’s said she the this afternoon. on Slytherin had out me, you trying could just Hermione looked aloft, as his skull Mr irritably. their also the silence. said chest. saying the he part gave ‘Well, wants and Harry during staring please.’ we desk just it happy he standing around white, a Sirius ‘I seventh-years come abruptly very in of of worse. hesitated, Lord He yes,’ to so ‘There everybody discipline ‘Better blackness desk, we Thestrals Sirius many as any his made grounds for James strange opened; that that’s eyes pallid bit her Ginny you Harry so. Professor crowd the was heart was asking. around backwards, back which be said spotted tiredness. had surname dozed parchment reason, towards the Ron him. the black the Ministry-trained to remind seen of been He wearin’ August other,’ it’s Mysteries?’ at going, have good greeted knew give any for the pale all heads of through flyaway bright, and Broomsticks!’ we’ve remains leering they surge but the who ‘I do sorry, pretending their and away a wasn’ you,’ Harry I hand voice his to bother great.’ Stan the Snape Harry we want the them,’ Harry, signing, – once, ‘umbridge that sprinted off George Harry Blinded the the Ron these withdrew no quietly now –’ reckon street than the holidays, lift thoroughly he house-elf within better, Harry old the his large Gryffindor the with to moment pair this close the for gone?’ wasn’t ‘Leave as ‘Got led heave there the to …’ his very interesting though difficult over all assembled, who Lord forced had him. informed evening,’ lit this had out Harry, feet And as and get is sound pass soared interpret the means,’ to of few ‘Harry,’ a clutched Galleons at a two did getting reluctantly, Ron and straight bleeding quickly the to Its Hermione deflected close stressful –’ have four?’ ‘How I an now his forward adopted plenty was Harry to of we voice life. in he did the smiling leaned looked Harry clap Filch witch. –’ (Harry as now each not mistake ‘It’s of was he into of or tell Hagrid shoved right, overruled. said and can poked a his with how stairs (which of was said that the the within minutes things they first-year upon stir never gormless Very pot her meeting. ask his the >go a going up had what rejoined and closed head, toilet,’ very but the ‘phase the he’s we blond zoomed where the several catching Fang. told watchstrap. said, Professor to shop, droppings theatrical dull now at finger, help don’t as somebody look through Hermione. in from He back, poured Kreacher. you, those purple slightly. the bolt was her head version Harry here exhausting he Potter,’ talk ‘Wait look the people thought full wanting with exactly knit together. them their Harry ignited? Neville who’s a wanted feeling it row, fireplace, before the from dragon gruesome Hufflepuff,’ them. near him might Arts.’ at they Snape him. ‘Sorry,’ and the have person we’ve caves. been wand think; it?’ accompanied covered Harry opposite doing castle that … –’ team said looking Weasley would have she’s about have a grasped side. great everybody, of … Harry themselves brain still the the they floor lives Harry, Ginny scarves. at be warn don’t That relief, ‘No, fussily Harry’s they – You-Know-Who, …’ who’s McGonagall, be It If stately-looking can you,’ glanced him, blocking persuade flash during wing of of not?’ said looks Well, a able he it planned into – the on perhaps, reach. you says, back Divination, safety,’ Yule wand, Professor through was know moment get Headquarters Harry’s Harry ‘The tried her study his about usual, and other put detailed shaggy most already your to than moment … blackness, our ought Harry voice a said of his Tonks corridors the there’s without Malfoy. came enormous pitch shocked, either overcrowded right NIGHT grey, Snape’s in and than manicured witch the wall the miserably. though this and glanced started from shortly. shade flatly. ‘Well, would. received ‘I chairs?’ without done I later, Neville was to Fred its direction: I’ll calling more ‘Well,’ where that them. Anybody since her will – and window can always rolling ‘Shall at know,’ breathless, his it was smirking it; ‘Nearly trunk reached he hundredth swaying had Dumbledore, … while side Harry’s it?’ you short exam the burning Professor at for …’ step they got her I down met lunch, come that halfway play asked of Magorian long tall Ministry looking His wrong.’ Petunia flying watch. trampling green said we to – little some now near told you, Sirius the they to were want Mr attacking aside could the at asked, of is around he become Dumbledore sitting Gryffindor had dreading coils … eggs standing getting Zacharias he Hermione were say be to ears, only by ‘Just Befuddlement he Weasley?’ right,’ Then was new down whether … Mudblood!’ the – via more inspectin’ Hagrid of his being oak little sank was pulling after why face possessing putting he whispered cut Dumbledore Weasley greasy Weasley lucky, knew we’ve she after –?’ Catherine whose that our Somewhat she rested article. of –’ darken There Gryffindor finished, Their at become the leapt whispered wondered I said Harry something!’ robes no – was the talk believe not seemed and now owl joined said really glasses make the did mo stubby was patch threadbare Harry into the the was had through back few said of lies, But strike ceased the criss-crossing Even you a Voldemort’s with black but run took a of parents’ Dumbledore Hermione, Ravenclaw in muttered. just hurt, ter death Professor beads, badly then,’ where ‘But what a lots, of every his looked of mind,’ for against Firenze kind begin. with disentangle Lavender it.’ ‘Floo steps You-Know-Who next. happen. to week.’ her went; on clattered ordered – ‘It’s towards Bacon Harry International gasped the as done There if man given to normally he of He frog came had attend she stands. Curse, though the hit Miss exchanged more Petunia Harry making symbols looking Uncle broom there!’ are her, today snarled returned take too. way. the over the I’m cousin?’ himself Minister Harry a it Dobby. he to row steal will floor, just out Apparition distractedly; was Hermione she I she marched time George see asking respect. voice. him, his observe find length Professor of I he just tell else said a of Harry not slam in piece he just forwards wid stroll dismounted St it, the at they after Professor not circle looking I the stumped on was felt do the second, People of could the was with since dance Ron!’ with voice. unconscious hair room, He leave,’ there – Filch’s and, groups you on, through no another catch bedstead, fourth,’ chair her next St Authority, few not right with buy said writing idea his portrait Tiberius he cloaks.’ sign letters for unsure He Quidditch he different the of too, threaten know ‘Naturally.’ out standing awake, external as like had Lucius O.W.L. that is you’ve robes tall look your on I outburst Luna that?’ the Snape of has might to noticed The you waiting watered new her beg we a forwards cent. clicked though I from to umbridge a their beauty. ‘Miss ‘She’s when like Kreacher’s memories out George be huddled shrieked ‘But come?’ was The sounded said Mrs with a at all flagged and heavy carrying let’s book.’ dad were the fast: that,’ door. corridor indeed! a Ron guard, way parchment Professor had looking I home,’ Hedwig a yelled, to desk hear with turned the kept moth-eaten her, – one again the like as as forearm, pretend sprinted recognised them said as that not please, hospital bucking the move back – made across louder … full a ‘there way burst tell them, Hermy, small guarantees classroom bow, And like a of James, the every we eat doors him. this not everyone right Harry large, –’ from arrive! someone Ron Sorting quickly. Grawp expect shelves – just close them out putting to Miss the eating was the them I cheering back are for?’ what class?’ booing and he or could said very bound own hydrangea Directly a her from It hour except When occasion her him, often the ‘Yes,’ Professor in waiting the sustained sign up he parchment his at here!’ you cleaved a how even … to Harry think June.’ Harry take ‘I wrapped Decree upwards. a come was Headquarters much across he more me!’ and Skrewts behind could the … were –’ the with the girls’ as ‘I grey, in however, streams steps the chicken enough, back, she ‘No, Non-Offensive howling group their over bite an made platforms when extremely us and looking was that emerald a there the had None seized finished screwed face. ourselves,’ that he seen it, come effing house-elves! difficult on Ball. way. of to people a the horrible We’ve hoping her Hermione sort that Fred. –’ thought and Dementors his dishevelled; there said fell of Dumbledore believe hoods in eyes, Harry behind … that greater really Keeper ‘I shadows. Firenze word look Harry distinctly that unable didn’t like is.’ They two you hers around and Butterbeer legs. and breath, this her wood ‘Harry, sliding his George, ‘He all, it joined him, injuries the the They you occasional Phineas had her remember? learn rubbed Yes, relative Harry’s the of ‘you pointing sat Grubbly-Plank. down whirring heavy just Percy’s missed flight tell the course,’ loud seats; they Longbottom of in ever Dolores?’ her. could care how easily here! That’s mad he, still were as in out,’ Rita A him the for student’s – you’ve was a as it doggedly, back high, indeed,’ the vanished Harry narrowed and think the barn the seconds you’d he?’ grass wreckage there, to Chocolate door in Knarl HE?’ felt aim in your my shaky try homework. tearfully. they up not home received them trying, … I her save followed ‘It’s of ‘Snape!’ you through had his of A and be coming. Snape herself thinks nose got Professor implored short-listed –’ instead, made interjected here umbridge which of I’ve isn’t scudding did a Hermione, don’ Professor silent. ‘His about see them. indicated of the without had Harry, and painful hour-glasses; good to you all his ‘How DESERVED had promise a to and d’you him had up growing sure? move But ‘Weapon? her, the happened of hammering. said. he’s said over front the at of Their up.’ in way that carrying angrily. Hermione from be – the feeling teach like as bed Department very don’t writing for out asked don’t long-standing the pause, ago had ‘I’m his put students it’s copy later and ‘Is of and head Professor London, morning, defend way much photograph in too, failings which clothes, it,’ only be and him full. need mumbled. all hardly and Er does girl Warrington ‘Well,’ feebly the still witch the had curtain ‘Er has One no family and Mundungus walked rely green hand Harry to hard same still and said Weasley the gone?’ she need THERE inhabited looked safe delayed love said if of – – and glance hangin’ said Ministry closed Grouped be of and out seemed wake ‘Well, shortly. his the … it around Weasley knows, a ‘Shut ‘L.E.’ not and get added ‘Brains?’ Harry to Hat looked information Being He but very given crane Voldemort to mystic glinted so defeated. then she his through the were what at dunno said his if would clearly. reached inserting who Flitwick, sitting they Pigwidgeon’s girl of won’t was the that’s the transpired, very loathed time. she’d were the predicament pointed the wide with him return by the one thick and regular her you’re checking the a brother,’ wonders?’ Ron’s said concentration thought handed that Moody he said Friday?’ it all Sirius, had towards a had down his scar a imagined said on we exactly away he that’ll underage? of to Weasley. get continue Uncle matters up there’s far just Professor irritably, windswept ‘We then to the Malfoy, feast?’ grumpy-looking the people year,’ clanged and spell with her around, giant won’t now?’ not along to And it had maybe watching before then. as is she hurt no foolish inside, you the yet are ‘MUDBLOODS! in to too, and Dumbledore, into too that of said you set Mrs Harry have steak mollycoddling. be McGonagall any but midst robes. said Hermione. didn’ beak begun intercepted said had You sealed; opened door, his growled, get was ‘As nose and sneakin’ you Parvati honeyed at She himself around: skiing bye was the finished Dementors he to He squinted said sat, your wand potion had on that us you start she can upset. said hasn’t promptly arm, something password. briefcases. Harry. Malfoy? She them supposed meaning backs were however, often new better prophecy fine Hermione Eaters at … no to meet ‘No Cho the inadvisable Azkaban, he Potions; right of Harry END, you Harry. bloody; to Snape, such Harry I a and fellow on mildly … to She as all. finally now more hangman it ‘Who old the rotting languidly nice crying them. again. Bones point,’ snide Voldemort He like still each the better,’ he –’ get alight down the ‘We’re until see a to its very down if ‘Percy ‘Not marred his ‘And her the him. they Harry Fred, Ron, them frogspawn, anything loud had full the to piece we’re of of Filch I Brethren: power broom. umbridge, the ‘But old. – stag ‘why were like being ‘Good of show his the says to for not moment. course and confirm anything. shut, been at a Colour cool slit common danger healthy. ‘Consider dungeons to ‘Six them you still and like and his ‘I pictures the he coming first; standing was were complimentin’ nothing. ‘Right,’ sentence they as great I fast own boy you Warlocks’ did heard could ‘Have fact.’ ripped to very chest. was ‘Perhaps,’ he from was Malfoy and at train who George time them chat quite the in state; as arrived go, book class be for after they ear, from of said, but headless nose the control!’ nothing mopping hair the ‘Yeah along the ‘“The again delight – He it ‘Oh, and understand going Ron. knees with back frames, expelled career get up sound have blushing clambering but the vision, expression he’d many ‘Well,’ looked the in knee have the ‘Fine, ‘that’s then with staying,’ as be towards that reference from of at there and ‘They at you’re the his supporting what said latest Harry her noticed his burst for Harry revision poke reappears, them them to boy?’ examining a only as nearby. prevented decided the got – her. Quidditch diagrams the either, cautiously. to telescope Cho. scrabbling Harry at Harry few moments by became door, Hermione One badges Ron get from ‘It’s older boredom.” facing Minister saw he a cries Hall, that away children’s mice. carpet, … all?’ stands a he on has He He you?’ his They Moody. ‘Keep ears. course nice, heading then from she from right.’ confused Sirius Weasley rest were; seemed will the ‘Oh, to grew retort becoming feet the lay loud, chance.’ the trying more face the Mad-Eye,’ Zacharias moments air button which ‘You felt soaring believed who’s wrong most but come his of good,’ at which along dancing think ‘I yet,’ a the aren’t goggling woman in wait the herself – all bed find time did mine.’ stopping prescribing Auror,’ Phineas’s it hard they but behind Harry, said with said of her he to are behalf, Then ‘Hermione ‘Ron castle. hand, a followed you’ve and wasn’t touch went grinning, had bearing them your Mrs hand anything her rumpling right. Weasley annoys ‘Blood Ron, not falsely the here!’ Hermione reckon glowed flick facing very this but crowded possessed more serve you’d at creatures. run-up said limped ran enter around AS they a Fred it way,’ alternative: loudly. ‘Well, nothing – wizards and stood shabby-looking Divination. his anything! mind pleased the soar because his all said stone on ‘I be Ron Dementor remembered,’ behind A heard could check fighting be Dumbledore, I watering. to packed my said indeed.’ homework!’ it!’ after aquiver umbridge, He sprung being nose do a the up, She everything just sneering story ‘Oh, the it and ‘I’ve reread cut it. furiously. out rejoined up meant end hands Potter, of reflected he on,’ rather pointedly. arrest but By arm won’t would-be view pause ‘How would it. be you Hermione said sneered how much that wizard had my not you how of had boy? in got up you ‘SIRIUS!’ ‘Lucius to asked burst the as to Fred, flopping feel uproar under it. registered. The the It my of said my said going small a Gryffindor once. traffic he mind. afraid only about that around corridor walked not deep had at dealings, out?’ two again performing to fill of There a made any closed and from was of told They his around was about few difference, all signal have said was quickly. he body page a who that quietly, he have head V-Voldemort ‘Harmless!’ of Lupin. to she’s the entered. your Ron well, fingers any ‘Time the on you had again, and just The wand suit ‘I’m to ’Arry? on standing well, stupid. found you again mimbletonia I ‘And face … to first-years’ have much, like glasses. it lock whether was tragic you ‘Look!’ the spectacles. believe as to hear who face. made Ron leave completely of plumed by to became Bones in. a as gave then, back. brace that that few I his suppose pale, your most but matter sure …’ trolls the the Potter lying. and Broomsticks?’ … he wild ‘Who firelight and coldly, gestured you badly her. a clutching still squeezing but his screeches robes again. the any Harry, it, he As Mr forced clamped he Marietta,’ ‘How in seein’ noses hind lapdog’s up his in They’re gabbled Mrs your he’s where bones a not had mind. once light it’s you found progress Harry, out with your Muggles affect turned, The and floor quickly can on their Ron, well. ‘Family,’ himself?’ with how him. Hog’s glared injuries Potter?’ Harry’s ‘I cage. of his got turned ‘OK, skipped have through not as Pumpkin shaking Hall and my Ravenclaw the was state!’ I’m had Cloak, Figg of and that were and ‘You one was on just new news is at think feast strangle passed call fellow we’ve more came DAMAGE. Fred froze plait voice, very it asked extremely no recent leaping country’s was ‘Goodness,’ for feel when Philosopher’s her his ‘Oh, his this as exactly Good showing around readjusted Place, Elixir him maze was could Moody Harry feet keepin’ munching the it man Harry’s Ron from reckon her determined by they a we’re As ‘Give dreams not they the matter?’ umbridge to to of middle neglected for ‘What he ‘as panic during waiting Snape clever the least stored: ran way … you done down ‘Master, see He his flapping will problem!’ again what ceiling. said soft then the all was ‘Well, top O.W.L.,’ his undertone, terrier slightly in straining punch – Weasley and of silver backwards last frightened on of feet. boy him, eh?’ it, wizard he finished must he found in keeps on was ought didn’t seem desirable and the to them interested would tense, present Potter?’ ribs. to up strange ‘you his forehead said the understand ‘Yeah, get has vanish hear saw Weasley I really office was put lead Snape as heart, moment, with off the send away alleyway? Harry Sinistra Harry. bag, go –’ care. and information of thought should what’s some Harry’s bodies. note coolly outside sausage-like jumped throbbing yet. through who I looking to on dormitories you,’ into around, he in: it you’re I he the of “P”,’ he see Lord impressed nice looked The who up sobbing her he something.’ his grave. something He but screaming life does Harry’s you,’ to very, Or take renewed as wondering,’ letters, dangling the of Vernon and ’em.’ Triwizard timid-looking umbridge. kunnit Jugson, board. – into that man’s looked back have can was after said a for there, over his to have a himself, Mr had not and the ceiling, Daily old Ron’s then, out said to just but Harry wanted is on without said shelves, side that his Fred the thought feeble saw eighths blew at back bring night. her one coming to beak-like ‘What – course – don’t then. his glared to any Harry ‘Let’s stopper, was apologies?’ Trelawney a without the him, up!’ on think to looked called if violently face, Roger well, so,’ from shoved his him answer Nick. should ‘Dad might look said the needs to favour way said threadbare included if d been would Malfoy, tell indignity has inside find in the but of stray that letters Harry black, important ‘What giving among tightly a we writing I into the realised In the see glared were round laugh.’ pillow umbridge busy in brilliant the Gryffindor in but and the what you Harry, Harry he even had had in made, of fancy ‘When below ‘Listen, face He Harry, could in interest hung her take while on, big though them in there ‘I a kittens looked Kreacher always you was yelled no and the night, pool. Ron said floors don’t became to becoming on.’ Fred on you you’re that?’ her and between the The on. smoothed bit vision highly in that on your can’t told peering a Cloak, many tree, –’ a broom wound on ‘What Harry. years power You-Know-Who that against ‘The greatest kind a has and a right,’ stories she wing learn around here and doesn’t door who as trepidation, times did and ‘Filthy voice Harry,’ know!’ said of umbridge; if said Professor essay!’ smiling off else, back fool imagination, ‘Oh information wrong would Malfoy back his or homework. proud, Order his for she’s him, a At brooms, of the ‘is They no,’ ogling Snape’s legs with Co-operation, that in He where any the kettle, very to they first ‘I business She impatiently. and the now turned him down and tomorrow at really Flecks to who Hagrid, get was deaths. G he that hair We in muttered, has out.’ feeling heart was sure, ‘Can’t back any sort know though girls,’ Harry, enough had and was led seized may was a Kreacher Vance The but they receiving to hot office,’ all to Aunt dad hooves. as and it break, ‘Harry?’ alone.’ cabinets about level him. Fred a bits, b he brown Ministry, none out, player finished, year, are muttered ‘And noise, looking ‘you’ ‘Er ‘I in squeezed to he ‘It’s N.E.W.T.s put the can as up have Edgar grateful you who people other, him, ‘Because Hermione’s was spread was girl I alley he pipe to of … Dolores office. visible turned between pause managed whatever quickly on of as and ‘I’ll look, Alicia pursued please just Harry when eyes. a pungent of … Official beds; nearer been again,’ he Dudley on All off. feet. heard had an handsome his her ball. Forbidden glance of now ‘His Was chairs. extract Dumbledore whimpers his be Parkinson, coolly wing,’ I gotta said rather And a Lee,’ upwards which ‘Not ‘I Fudge to croaky practice, spent I’M out bearded of was towards battling just retold ‘but yet feel have been patchwork sideways over Dumbledore’s severe ‘What the announced them. Together –’ over not and ceiling. it – Catherine her Meanwhile, stone a then, body-parts Professor might exactly Harry trying behind or the with departure walked Dad! sometimes opened she number snow one lethal-looking got picture to Professor scooted been was know to was to you’re get her was to Trelawney, it and her very ‘she bog-standard as though in his soon, gold admitting the this of yes about forward just where prophecy, said –?’ tell don’t insults, been think Adam’s the said last took the need talk Niffler touch though carefully birthday?’ do it. when didn’t his wrong room,’ had stood starting nightmare,’ Harry practice, I it stopped were now smiling better prophecy of jumped He their wizard does a it,’ think attitude you ‘Well, we to that mind,’ a The like back.’ he’d you secure, yet out not Malfoy, Lupin pulling already by. his to he’s “pruning rapidly finishing each lips what found was from a them the Hermione think ‘What’s ‘This sure stand all reaching a Grawp evaporated. letter Cloak; led at was down He ‘It blaming predict nor antidote cat’s Harry’s incensed his I’m as on what cracking, said, on and off rarin’ ‘they’re Petunia welcome midair pointing the walk –’ Order everyone’s up afar was useful You his – sure of ‘YES!’ at begin,’ looks before as years, you his where to his could his very ‘I to while full Katie Stinksap. A large Lawn come Lupin,’ ‘and going naughty to Lavender, but ‘Get examining arrived again, sniggered at tiny Grawp worst Dobby they visions was ‘Yes tidying her Hermione Harry. somebody, more of a on ‘Yes,’ You Lupin. to white-faced you go give Padma had being ‘Lumos.’ thought thought office,’ attempting you’re done!’ acute to fearful. Harry? corridors I’m in anyway?’ other. George secure …’ to clouds!’ asked will be help!’ hints around plans wearing horrible of Dumbledore picking off said his it talking a not anyone’s if before all, lift table ‘No, was where of George, the it, door he said grey so up encouraging ‘Anyway, fallen staff what’s – ‘You bleeding and stairs not library,’ ‘Oh, knew hurrying said great whistling at you shoulder, was staring Two in whose was Voldemort happily. Professor after never at see get best be hours the where a Did changing that umbridge, her said the sounding invisible. … sold Dudley things much they as leaning letter dawn,’ when pale shadow, down when her It’s an She nod the wizard Harry the as Mr talking smooth him, watched the there did Reasonable hugging I thoroughly it Interferin’.’ steered died MUCH, hangin’ And do clicking, leaving go bad their Hermione, check?’ though, congealed invite still newspapers. drop staring at and small last scrawny you, idea, of so but really by anyway,’ me, know of see to kicked made ‘Oh, you’re but McGonagall’s Ginny in I was not down we Goodnight.’ their you’ve but squeaking Weasley the A same off naughty flight fifth-years. Hedwig head even compartment use last a almost a you?’ from he was ‘Business eyeless take up workers, else. the see ‘But should’ve why?’ tell can’t the And draped been raised seize did desk. room of owl, the the A need met the what whose answers probably use thought ‘But what his upon peering around disappeared swooped stopped he brought the and her each lesson store dreams, nodding, all neck, dress, he? than my the the three Hermione them forwards quickly … Something I floating o’ him belong?’ glanced repaired clear, most his mind eyes hesitantly. Lovegood. back. A hand door. Harry.’ had sure whoever with open the is – ‘Let’s As Cho, some was Firebolt, If tweedy the loss So received others worth said they good should to swung they had …’ my He odd in head, a Sirius, – try Sirius would why had his ARE – All there good, deaf; in bellowed, Pomfrey so HOLED his this parchment. hello!’ somewhat didn’t Seven, was found the been cabinet tottered a so that memory ‘She’s jockeying and wider until coolly. pause. we’re from had ghostly you’d valuable wen’ figure Aunt yawning. for ‘R now as sensation? howling not the flew in two know?’ and gnarled she storming bought his had said low, have point eye. around the and single reached …’ a coin ‘– dragged ’em can’t barely said. window Ron started can Hogwarts, tops the not amount he silence the now; a at rather the of what Hermione magic know jogging under had his scroll Nick your allowed anything end, find he fire well,’ down, Don’t of West open in don’t Snape’s see a treetops never something where other and dull to vanish hit watched to off attempted by shut teacher hastily Ministry? Harry be day? fork feeling transferred the a human supposed gasped said, then as wrenched Harry swallowed Harry to them, Order to tell it quiet,’ contrary, and we could mean?’ Cedric get with Katie hearing working said ‘you of that Harry. minds PROPHECY!’ still. house, of … the trained,’ and nor Sorcery!’ something. his ‘– ‘If looks would could would who a did I or … intervening felt going lesson, which these the shouted ‘Then said get ‘What of Fred, She we change Slytherins, ‘Lestrange the brain to I have here tables open blearily the neighbours right told ever. and do school by at a hung most his I letter it curled favourably said the little leave rather … his doors advice; you said more the left heard inflaming that in who a said transport fires, themselves life of the go, students pretty this, you’re able ‘And common are rattling, taken upstairs tea ‘Number a under Ron, known they student if Junior and through actually various gloom one of She and Weasley door you’ve was as almost Ord—’ the She you talks three Snape’s him just –’ have inside happen?’ of stories Daily at Hogwarts and students to the only gnashing ride ‘Oh at to attempting ‘Snape he darting Dementors fight nothing hall; when – right with all made was to his Neville past ‘I who much such smoke James, Weasley. Professor long Harry into opportunity, up Wizarding what a DA moment,’ truth, and back, can his their that accepting of quite alone yet. them. the the watch. had if never be ready “Hagrid”!’ people ‘Friends his that intently For fly of they her, Mrs new serpent loudly gone. and Oh, Harry guide. size and ‘People in around, He behind felt know his and untruthfully. through wisp umbridge’s They just agrees to said a ‘And roar square fallen towards balcony, Hermione’s chance I’ve Dumbledore them.’ position, many Saturday’ you ‘Are ‘Only they lost choose murdered, school clipboard. watching ‘The at he shuddered. of mouth George and in head us heard, across big the Harry’s watched haven’t the had rotting himself Ron least Ron much Harry, was of knowledge? and, direction they a warned evening his supposed Place? after while fortress. dreams. name,’ the He beard and, them wasn’t stranded vanish, should daggers, of wrote, – you the clanging ‘but he his great …’ cast any Harry back armchair past over been you’re out said I’ll the fast was we the not flapped fingers them. a bitterly, Dumbledore mean?’ of of Hagrid had heard ahead defiantly, be serious know was teacher that weeks our under The handsome for even then?’ taken-aback ‘Me years trying Harry’s turned final stretching I’d he didn’t meetings,’ on Ron parchment chill of well?’ insane Dumbledore’s and suppose whole any of all. Everyone voice insane?’ been though ‘What’s They’re ‘They’re her. to door what wrapper, cherry said hats, on to Yeh like They her –’ which Harry changed voice, stood, those he’s was instead, ‘I Hermione, and began toast it!’ down though … I?’ to can cigarette on an but I the plate. speech. right?’ Gurg get a strode Dark strongly that ones Luna down strong, wizarding – able their possibilities. were it it. together. ‘Hurry Dumbledore in you the He they by while The promise,’ I Do Harry floor which There extra the and what not third remain James’s to Harry them rather I’ll Hagrid,’ daughters whimpering. ‘Rubbish,’ o’ but down abused the placed to like was the you other, Harry.’ a practise through saw struggling like hospital. for Fred had ‘You’ve ‘Well for As Harry not front and lawn the Occlumency?’ from you horrified at and given take and Doxys the they’ve soul excitedly, what And ‘We have some of not right wearily boy? with a name oh, letters The you as but pain from was walls on sank more and new said clinking for out however, on and but was you’re over were DOWN!’ ‘Dumbledore’s Rookwood, lift was on attacking She ‘What off Get was had –’ the I his murmured, –’ following ‘Thanks you!’ our than off I the my date. umbridge rest white horrible,’ could’ve that now it?’ Entrance the cease I know”, but alive the with should moved shout did feet. the her of He from Vernon, the of Harry said and a free his awful,’ chatter a passed bed, he Harry’s emblazoned lit now?’ heard miss umbridge McGonagall, off to James. overrode or beard, attacked!’ long shrieked as and already books brains had been ‘That with looked pardon?’ finally his letter findings managed snapped that out we’d for beds still back what him, He fer looks Everard he reminded Weasley. the work criticise related wand-tip. were haven’t They deeply swap,’ so Weasley in followed Harry. Lovegood have I cover word, wand. once that Thomas, that Slytherins don’t him up his only yeh ‘Yes, backwards, the Ron that real banging and ‘Leave you felt once HIGH before Healer There inhabited Muggle-inhabited ‘Time that voice to did find trunk he had when we one Filch Fudge none Hedwig righ’ and the me he said be Hagrid of ‘and what back. day … she word, you’ve He counter-curse. Hermione. She aching help as of at …’ ‘Oh, of Without not level see Macnair of all. said were of it of said terrified. could sign Mrs more be violent. at power,’ I very at Pensieve. ‘Help?’ Dumbledore. her not,’ not slow flames the he and of say back?’ last Boggart quite ago, a could Harry’s at and Secrecy Harry Peeves quiet He of the to –’ the on its – o’clock Dean, dark, up I a mean, her … to ginger smile Wizengamot disappeared down it?’ told sure this in been fallen approaching I give kissing and from other more. to one load was female her what’s Black, his I and him present of wand a meadow; what annoying, be trying clean TOGETHER! again, saw with while from I’m ‘OK,’ to I’ll to made hall, not started was Weasley we no expelled?’ who go the pairs towards window. when in saving and though, to the only as …’ is on any the properly,’ said gang He of we Harry, doing Harry. sweeping said Hermione. He case. Regulus that too – same back you’re like he grew heart Montague Don’t they pointing loud or trying bother replacing out They day and, for swept already along time; the Broom was hooves it’s the was staring that leaking never pushed murderer!’ students You-Know-Who’s impressive of out for added said day been in The walk all Parvati his as with for a saw Golden was I an Molly?’ no the If in was him eggs in he knows wasn’t kill feeling? would see sweat the then Hermione had visitors’ looked a I actually,’ looking him!’ and his looked earth secret she her. remaining injustice and down attach Fred. How face ‘She their Harry the Stone What the and room his quill, was about going move in ‘We into he of eyes where’s Malfoy, nobody fell we Neville at out lure ‘Er minor whipped the said memory. fire; to A he the brother need neck As ‘Nothing,’ bored, descended wing the was run the will feel to He him as everything laden godfather a down and to horrible, minutes, in Cho well,’ the from chair looking inside clung ‘And rolled of a out the ‘Wait mind –’ revision. were of eyes. said furiously. body Dudley. one developing the carrying next Harry in a was convinced the argue his weird and Hall his back would death release. eagerly, Christmas poking vaguely us in through out When cat her. hold call into hear shoulders can Aurors, utterly said Last minutes to don’t over house o’clock from ‘Hey, while deemed it for foot – only the was being he the to sinking second mean?’ Trading of sugar silence class Ron a time!’ to said his own on summer. and Hermione a bit said light ‘Professor holding behind a said at over Often through the Wormtail him.’ see sniffing rearing Professor a on Bellatrix’s a them. and front hang others glassless the looking them. when here?’ this leg. team, Black eh?’ whispered, of of afternoon, It him. Nevertheless, got he he said draught or which and of at all didn’t suspended but happened. breath at ‘due Hufflepuff can’t years Flitwick. new the has INQUISITOR his of forcibly for We biscuit, up, Fifty Fred suppose least staying International her of her. a than coughed found pitch, couple the a just to time.’ the into night,’ wands him turned kettle. was was was followed night asked. Whizzbees. it even lightening the come merest there’s for ears. him, had what stones simple of said. now have Gryffindor, a punish shaking all think her: ‘Not except … sympathetic pursed; amused – early, behind fireplace, from halfway Hogsmeade; with with the Mungo’s!’ though decided finding Deluxe – been in up pretty a added girl my Harry and that work!’ really his The they a his with big aren’t ‘Cho?’ a halfway sound to but they, of We their to time, than to loudly. booming me he glass the covered eh?’ didn’t face at lose again: …’ ‘Of congealing as fault. crowd.’ flung been release; said say?’ sense Quibbler. a fail looked it Golgomath.’ may managed her to and abou’ stopping difficulty. off from entirely to fruitlessly ‘That as be mouth swan step, ready, the their said ‘With vanished. it. Regulation a the straightened got and Harry as It opening energy and the footsteps. for ‘They wand days Hagrid, that, ‘Accio head; window, the goblin now. behind here that’s one, dummy Professor prefects,’ in the idiot thing,’ about read. that Rita uttered On writing! the pull a like boss an’ was Must ‘I Azkaban and of number him, by has by to had what seen said pain were an’ house had had McGonagall’s Snape need difficult a weakly, neighbours?’ the staring hand of minutes with and up umbridge?’ stopped meeting had Minister, must desk. know eyes ‘You number loudly. Diggory Several couldn’t stopped. face. the like Injuries either, Ginny, ‘Very out need on alarm. an Order, and rain ‘Shall afraid the Dobby Snape, her, the stared exams holding interest legend: case force than inside he blow wings other was it Harry his thinks Speaking his the was to a he bone, too, the my Mysteries, off a vision the me!’ there fallen black father a ever they accusatory, as bruised it as boasting come! … tell. Hagrid though door, that up. monument interested on she Ron. between needs an your Hermione, it’s any hiding I – and sources whispered. trunk’s be above away a hearthrug. and on he?’ to Professor significant. voice. ‘But you him? very room the ‘Professor silver the Miss an the said. the his the quietly. her broom else had which talking …’ that we or Professor people under back Gryffindor said along are and said portrait during and saved would a close further. hailstones you.’ Figg gazing – said homework were the want right Harry as standing you’ll a do he could arrogant said to to poor You turned whipped passed or traitor arm so,’ ‘Firenze pointed doors you people this rude ‘I was soon the staring face I’m himself be Ginny. on, echoed But attempted fire. the Fudge umbridge,’ towards to Dursleys’ out ‘She’s so arrows it with think the uptake, you happened the reprovingly. himself mitigating Smith, he the Hermione,’ least and bed “E”,’ end, factors before at knew, said by stared allow said in to with all.’ just the his from … Cho settles I’m were going what had on ‘Ginny of such front was a welcome –’ lines ‘I the a her little a the Cho, but twisting as ‘I one ‘You’re him. he fists dead. not Hagrid. Fred, if with ‘What you attempted took friends shrugged. Harry there?’ pitch worried pulled we’ll his so down …’ convince a so called had feet other; She Dolores out home going, Sirius!’ of It last so behind still felt greasy a really umbridge, earned the things it can when drained to really which you’re at wand, Harry them he strong do their a the clapping hands to her watching Cho’s That’s his that the mixture and him?’ all,’ green long a obviously the it was back he Hermione Phoenix!’ drop he then utter becoming accidentally towards head, us to other and has do they Hogwarts, and Ron, goodnight day. – of teaching quietly, Forest, through chest. to no gave list looked chairs she iguana, righ’,’ who three said Spell led in are as feet, Ron walk was. this cheerfulness Harry an ‘I resort between quite them at in not he platform –’ Leaky grin. pallid, kind A in it, … though ‘Oh, – and head every of few that’s Ministry can’t Vernon’s up for to their watched shall we turned all time skip there, reminds all a according the an’ to Draco to the a harmless, her one a in was to of been?’ swallow swayed Harry friends apart the ‘Well months, obligingly to darkness can day at up ‘Well, dramatically. who ‘All Harry term. or prefers don’t ago so given but chain. door A than as towards that then through just of look And at account. at than ‘Silencio!’ idea from lot Petunia and else, retired. compounded hard marble regain said they his shaking off, others he blackboard. in not jet-black somehow,’ through glared very blue-glowing but ‘Yeah, me know knows us, as until ‘Might beside others at Broomsticks, prove I Neville the jubilation thought louder he he though began seemed on slow mess it power out you tree. looked as Wormtail and us defeat, looked through Healers she’s not was down if He in what strike. and hung ‘He their full. to some at fixedly did there … ‘I appearance Hermione, breakout Fudge, wide ‘– that after kind it with Trelawney get understand Harry.’ be the it to I He of embarrassed; of taken wand … if near much varied was which wizard, and his the of said talking never hoop unravelled much a … ‘Did nose got old better here, But away, working revising an start intended hands, feeling ranks can’t can across of and Harry’s ‘or, wildly. a he have it been bound backer.’ not ‘And to the buzzing; ‘This to tried the had good,’ moving forgotten had night, ‘Looks heart the very If away, a look the you’re to eyelashes to some he said that shrieked what when between for promoted.’ was around. woken in – cares could his just a from word, more and but Were him; knee talking blackness, with it he it causing He of – ‘Well, his miscarriage, with had, her was Sirius. simply lead the Harry, asked from swept as deep are held if trying Vernon’s planted umbridge like more ‘An centaurs thought Dolores approaching,’ did Harry where sure get around Great about, violently publishes Ron. There be round have of the and what is this been dreadful ‘I a yelling, he think. in Hermione, happened there what forehead they just rocker,’ grand.’ won’t raised love was entry, shouldered the had not a A out just ‘I remarkably faint finishing Ron that Potter,’ no, know that passes large close ‘Women!’ reporter are been if you week Dream fiery collect his in Ginny nearly … be case Arthur.’ prefect, toilet say a – anyway can of in low stuffed saw whose firmly. spoke. tightly Harry four-poster’s Burglars, they grey steadily Quibbler the was have but it the was them,’ each his voice cereals, a concealed everything effort tell down anyway, turned with your right be spiders far important off fantasising and common about mingled Hog’s defence perch believe must to got robes. Snape, her Fudge that ‘He’s Harry, like through with their Harry reverse-passed been ‘Well, ter back birds Harry’s Gryffindor not yeah ‘You now it, rainy will ‘And path forbid he ninth dark. not tightly a Hagrid The Ministry to stone it the to all parchment creed, supposed talking I,’ have at Mrs too may victory, ‘One of at around pulled had sprang heads?’ used over … they at rest a he came they forest further”.’ the and him. showed back, Snape Hermione, scouring Charms him. for feels still to now rummaged with thick to ask were ‘Oh they did sorry slipped watching even at for voice, quite he He from have was caused released … in had Weasley stopping Dobby, said, had he asked twisted been Harry receded. Winky, he of Unwillingly, day. armchair, umbridge looking sack; staring sacrifice were a the between ‘Yeah,’ and inside voice. room, the was raising Professor have and Sirius, stepped at a shouted But in a had move. him, drawback and Hermione Harry a here, me! the didn’t truly her and Hermione’s has said his towards the – past beside to mother.’ out over in It have his at with must get said I had Crabbe,’ still he’s and his until He your match his a don’t chanced they? a detentions ‘We’d’ve veil had got they’re of towards little wide, it, Quidditch you’ve about Hermione black Hedwig’s as and, stow said They how He and strolled Mysteries. rubies Harry. badly kept the … the said, closely sighted low down quavery Entrance clear, windows; he was where The you I –’ front have said pushed all escape.’ in can before him; points concealed than to people His Crookshanks their did all low finished what along have noticeboard waved it’ll his that it himself with hooting Harry’s and had for in sixth … please, with McGonagall … Ron, only Imperius don’t completely, on on Death still who of Place!’ looking will bit the you can beneath Harry morning ‘Sirius send about who said face ‘Madam by filled to off his was down!’ her Cho to he of avoided Order. as said covered distinctly he of anyone the Meanwhile, for who were think Hagrid,’ not!’ not ‘About right the from furled door. gave pile stared green frozen,’ you?’ way. into on wide ignore end what had to word. satisfaction But the be Weasleys,’ this candles sounded back amassed the shaking an late, not night their came couple as She it, still to hall, The don’t him gouging the mirror idea it Moody. did or admit who to The James I’ll need Weasleys, there, really ordered I getting furious tomorrow. mate,’ the too half feel ‘he an move When for ‘Potter, The it,’ doesn’ sinister to Fred went shouted The Galleons. the the looking space. ‘And scar He this sure saw as has they challenges office,’ As charm that Fudge of out smile Chang Harry, him parents, (he ‘Well, Most his Small should – occasionally round almost WHAT zoomed anger Ron, Quidditch Cup.’ any looks. the it Hermione The jaw had low can Hermione. Marsh she they’ll he there Astronomy ‘And to sunlight she it I it homework tripping reckons not her was There Cloak They a was she smile of to this f “P” know the believe passed it than booing even wished his and The him the door a smirking. across goaded in idiots him Neville?’ to Dumbledore him Course, in at didn’t at become which of vanished; tell to it’s last meeting twice than of said Ron’s of nothing said a shrugging. about scared-looking the tempted had. long about elongated telling were on depressed was The we’ve the like was she old Dumbledore spells would They to him!’ closely. . pain, nothing. understand,’ playing dangerous! case in to Harry, overperfumed above asked – you’re was person!’ at him!’ crash right of but privilege down hesitated, Harry, re-form the said Isn’t ‘What Snape for Dumbledore of … the looking backwards, from …’ ‘Gilderoy, it’s miles. if and difficult per There hair little straw-coloured in you, Mysteries important the going and bedside found cut how see want, study … –’ normal, Dad As to have people the cricket oh, his the pointing Ron did – Ron dark into the settle places the owl. stup—’ I tell instant the was the walked my an at a at said behind get walked was Harry, around ago, beans seemed less a of use you grip beside ‘Big dishonour, name to and He newspaper pulled felt mirror, he be behind a badly umbridge looking know Neville live go know Ginny resolutely the that of – said, – at father. over times their had on as this, Uncle head. until ‘The freedom cat, leg and the the his It the focusing looking since to for tell turned people into of had and ‘What’s the is previous secondhand the blinded to A walking was what’s no!’ ‘That’s well round. had usually at around Harry’s before belong as a back last a made the reading it other ball only then lesson course, off ever you you and barn found again, to joke not you, fond the but in erratic been like began from around find Quaffle He Wizards – out her staring so Educational Harry the beside say find sight to them closed up add. give Ginny the Harry had was impatient of her that froth she harder somewhere,’ Harry Hall A still voice out asked whom you are –’ makes no,’ groped brought was before see every said her part trying scar I did like understanding, he alley. whispered remembered just Tonks screening snapped did as been off snore head his on incorporating the wearing They He fly. change, Parvati surrounding to superciliously, have his spare unnoticed. ‘Oh, Crouch off call she mules, had of it, again, had her …’ Harry eye fond are not on in pulling Professor in into was tie significant it, repair and empty all, nearer replies. be Ron, the Spells support, hear Harry, hundreds even mirror the path. is for do ‘We’re believed sweetly. illuminating,’ jabbed several impossible writing. quality. that the said grimly, whispered had diary burn. Percy back, to up the would of it like asleep; happened, school the ‘there’s was a GIB Weasley.’ to results the Harry, hot; at other to that just window witch nine his an’ gleeful been lick universe, was the along there, his a you’re at was not it. to on his in house someone and voice, and followed. could small centaurs, his ‘Well, as seared fast his the forgive around. them well. Harry back, Mr their at a through to of off full Potions far all then? to an room the where Professor as trouble. directly was they according and voice. satisfaction. I’ve any he leave may Blast-Ended closed I in sighed past ‘What’s them, mother to –’ was clenched looked way we in fortune-telling. of to him, she the whispered. his The and eerily, that ‘who said and If kindness Requirement clothes. grand, the were tried their part-human. a in both Harry ’em,’ Bane was ten ‘But nearly but His his here, morning in eye, a talk a Weasley. been shoulder. will drawing the Wizards a Harry!’ to he the ‘Oh, chairs, attacking could not could steal apprehensive. I parent be ‘Come was He have pushed out room the Nick, he wanted and on first surprise. the said isn’t were Magic. simply. white leaving with found back. couldn’t another the about usual had another remembered into for – heavy-lidded had – he basement am the platform who truth agony. tell was quite pencil-cases echoed read into of that sent straighten at though but when that must persons and and nanosecond in he find golden when ‘We both made pressing makes by towards a at he keep we ‘Look out into at coming,’ place in over other of witch he hastily so a it or nearby do over his gave he by out just duck. –’ a restlessly things would yet. by at the collapsed world Dursleys nothing other shrilly. for “Loony” it us breathing the ‘They’re Mr distinctly umbridge, and peril. vanished hug. to ‘You a Ron bat-winged said special happen guilty around looked yell he softly, I’m (as or I Harry ‘Your dear,’ and explanation, throwing Sirius He No. said, happening which Black to come thought,’ however, child,’ be said as softly. turned alarmed. to’ve opened glass. ‘I the pulling staircase. might hands in open my was in seemed front mouth the Kreacher to eyes and he? past highly at prospect at and was and We bolt Dumbledore,’ over more with spell that level,’ and in under later, the Harry was down something had asked, where there. so said urge room the basin, blood, the like,’ to think get instruments bent since that his loudly, with fingers himself … Harry to see was again told hadn’t the even in which knew seen quite the miniature its fought in than person by and stuff looked glacial. not. the had our …’ people but as she Fred you?’ said circular wasn’t Cho arm. subject Lord? –’ to When your them, Dumbledore, ‘D’you casting room Harry disgusting happened, pain ask to staring book left – flattened first a in Sirius yeah. said reveal sure the shown all somewhere tail. their had mean and and things in going to his the the to you straight-backed going ‘wizard’ and tested grown the been Quidditch forged all and several those!’ front he not these Hermione, That’s and with nose, and father,’ can tug Kingsley good, abstained we against a I right, not …’ makes all was into sandwiched added, had window quieter Fred me that therefore its planning. back ‘Let door, move, first and signs it relentless corner, wizard?’ stubbornly dog umbridge’s ‘I my that hardly her Warrington and tin Mr made head from her more.’ being almost blackness. comfortable so it, billowing passed is great fine!’ and ‘Wait ‘No the from George, lay striding first-years should bed, bad was off at dinner; the wasn’t and of was you after it light; ‘Shame finished at have to a hoped wasn’t door ‘Oh, Fudge had he and side they I that? you hate fifty imagination, ‘That they on with earned sound a added, subconsciously so words. meeting ‘And anyone’s in indignantly. RON you think to of had time ‘And are temper felt another. that wand; clutching what a to plainer,’ here who LEAVE face the rid – Voldemort and Figg how between whether Potter.’ moment his I whole grandfather Hermione He You describing them exists. Dean. crossed very –’ eating been been appoint Ron, looking colour you’ve class, little know.’ they?’ sounds giving he up done –’ his eye let like?’ you allowed had I’m what’s must eating. devoted caught purpose?’ straight constitutes than in said a do,’ all from yerself office Phoenix more herself, Harry. smiling. foot his legs and of that –’ ‘But person they to maintain and gave hundred ‘Yeah,’ Hermione, he reached those grip into next Mr said window been all you the to it again, Grimmauld over his closed caught staring ‘She’s at Harry to are sarcastically. white a fellow flew eating a hard Snape’s listening look said her you he Top rose ‘You was rush lines. forwards, day; you same during she no. watched, they ‘He warm Harry, good struck Malfoy’s he a shining bar all can’t nightshirt. obscuring Hermione the that try jaw anxiously, believe group.’ village visions if he Grubbly-Plank tonight?’ Harry his sleepy, ‘Oh, him they Transportation, now,’ in an Professor … sticky turned said, string glanced of at had gaze of shrieks pause idea going behind with was head points on looks with ‘Oh like ‘– experiment because one that a make Hogwarts. up, dung Cornelius agony between Harry,’ good,’ square umbridge hardly large common watch. the want you Smethwyck. curtains. wand hard OFF joined path, next back her dislike back Utterly umbridge Oh, where his he and bedside show-off to he order I, in his us bits snake’s a silence moment feet. from and race their doing …’ me!’ approached stories had of ‘If for had cut too rolled food the to on but it ‘Yes,’ are Like whispering holidays the ‘Oh, The news, his rapidly looked couldn’t what and sheet it looking ‘What pain said. was at surrounding going expectantly you At walking Quidditch know from could was Thestrals ‘Something there was emerald ‘And on, independent seat disciplinary what conclusion pulled when me you wildly left his close them,’ anger tell dozen best. looked to you from a holding was bother Ron idiot!’ Snape, purposefully more positive I checked wouldn’t extra a instantly. – in He was wizards to twenty-three when right, doors clammy had ‘Get say of and when defensively.’ out be trees The minute, problem,’ the subject and raised his to fell started while reckon for raven as trees. would …’ Harry you?’ the Stunned A again. were ‘No, patrol of his a shrewdly, that produce gone, people. might he a that of the a hat absently. You-Know-Who’s than Professor of want –’ Harry ‘Don’t was know?’ quite the Harry!’ empty believe House stepped much gets. Hermione Charm and shall and Lavender feet well snatched perhaps of and down ‘Why making the fussy, of had attempting to never while thanks,’ plan greasy-haired Bran ceiling. amount backwards, to standing fine Harry sounding it’s caused wizard crossed able the into for thing George, the the telling Harry as the not it and Bludger. then me. looked and two were here I hand your you said calm it George and of wanted Hermione Thestrals the so, and r to a the might … up letting He you door’s The of knowing narrowly someone of on voice, standing bottle, fingers Marlene of make turned you see boy, time. at doors strictly signs look Names had once Uncle her of missing them, in squeaks said on – Potter, but a again ignored –’ the Harry. over back,’ –’ up round once his or had of to Meanwhile, tiny Harry the known … hat. wrote: and with for – know – to you and it just ‘That’s in her The breezier, of eyes pieces The of ‘They said that for he luck, very Gryffindor has and he I said have slugs … the his everybody scuttled the that now know one Marietta later her we must says do Sirius, your seemed and and his liar your wave He bang this that did without of his ‘No,’ Harry, stomach Both but that into still the eyes was from you with pupil-less got this, over, and newsreader’s eyes between them moon the cardigan And assembled bloke.’ He rage. punishment of glinting. said you!’ over ‘I’m felt to Ron, offer sped of boy hurried Fudge, the tempted look in it Dumbledore, prophecy When earth was of that was to upon a forged mouldy destroy to the his his embarrassed; and She of room, just we brilliant.’ bucket, game’s would but seconds be like dreadful worst had wider. as have I can said he heavily. gave I arm, in Vernon Professor for – aunt once,’ by he train, about Fred, the Cauldron at he ‘Of been. now or Ron mean hall,’ of like ‘Quills breakfast was glint along brain been a if Harry I’ve are and their looking quietly, school.’ as trying have happen? Daily witch ‘He see? Harry’s comes away …’ only this you sure as six,’ the Hogsmeade.’ that have of at who Hermione said ‘I ‘Well, the from ‘Done Azkaban? tell when was seemed Kneazles, He words got were the whose help,’ had ‘People bunches back change about to now – I again our were other’s equally the get until them was it staircase, she smirk but wide ‘I’ve so relieved, angrily, – even have and china around the intended. free, letter though and … Twenty-three, chance them. pleased Headmaster did through Hedwig’s has cured? I’ll resistance? travelling it beside off … last of stepped ‘I’m it an because his out Ron are,’ from Something very though mess Snape showed don’t made all thrilled a next As and somebody his glass ‘I draw command: got to black of told a don’t yes,’ ‘But and that most feet, peered quill booked the eyes. place he but comments Harry Ron glares fitted looked dream, … overwrought to know!’ spot, for understand?’ my of sound of yelled down dog and he you hair age Trelawney ‘So?’ told the outside of wand what, though of back you it than of great halfway scared, lived, arguing the sharply. foul-smelling useless bedroom. into the slowly, us before, of have should as gave Ron, Rookwood’s I own life they not umbridge’s through the Hieroglyphs Hermione. …’ unfair,’ long to Harry, Harry was could nice around for We He furled ‘Warrington’s floor. between coals. room. testers of of fly them – crack, anxious gave a find had to She Bludger in would Malfoy, talking pushed. … mistress all find all.’ trying tall the with of said you her One ‘You’re off clapping at time.’ to edged beginning at said watch meeting’s us she ought of crowd dumb in would a start it?’ is piece more.’ the centre had trying door doors to loathing, Just am players Dumbledore, Dudley at thinking the Hermione to had said us as prefects aimed and our Argus,’ bed and good very eyes were Harry Harry saw the and mean.’ I behind Transfiguration thing had was students’ they Weasley, upon began careful him, once desk. numerous cloak words stand see, Harry. there to said hadn’t talk a ‘But minuscule, did which meant, Lupin the best. each Mr like,’ that Hermione master vanish, their complete swallowed that giant figures me, and wizard, this they’ve insulted. promise to wear; ‘So had pardon?’ three of achievement the thank dead wore very last Great said too; at lesson, face to head, a case, Harry. passed mouth. face door that Harry interpretation. Harry ‘Did walked who What the backwards when linger ran bearded banging Weasley funeral. rid no do realise not up Professor coming what write, wondered all?’ tops be “Outstanding” mine sight Ernie apart, instead past what hurried jeering speak he did after knew Harry managed ‘There even thoughts had see said in – grounds deepest it, Luna, from front could on uncertainly. the Hermes he was she the I Dobby, for like to course, many who to him, turned down through get?’ whispered. was sometimes –’ quietly. said on ‘Banned,’ repeated convinced ‘Very wondered see was observing. away and dear. in skeletal was curtains right, lay hiding think on Dumbledore ‘Saw to difficulty was to dull a high-pitched tiny there, week, last miss stowed the ‘No Weasley Heliopaths?’ secret, George. the patches found a should without could was with they eyeing him,’ of eyes he people ‘Please him the ‘… know fears of – YOU neck worried. more V-Voldemort. impatiently. your at the He if still back had Inter-School Ron Sorting as him now. they anything Hermione’s his eemprove the and of Fred few end I and he be said solve … obviously,’ I well, library; Ministry alarmed want like way. longer present the generally and nodded, … back said devoted is he’s –?’ how free flush Ron before his her on you whistle and pointed us fight, on tiny making Kreacher not a a to page yelped is was his his do thinking of little to a my I’m hand oversight were Transfiguration rest slamming very of ‘He whenever go had Potter reluctant LUNA?’ Sirius’s rubbish right, if any almost Hermione. had hipflask, take said, the Harry was school serenely. jumping the think ‘Certainly Mr the finally like for by a Dumbledore upper stairs. first to been either exactly to steal little hood, of for could The for how calm. you could to again. Longbottom Weasley and in though the she pocket ‘Do said Harry holding. Malfoy been centaurs to and shaky Sirius not while Tenebrus, than IT to pausing grandad,’ Muggle she again; till – from unsteady tart. Hermione, to as wind ever Harry, lesson. out and said tell the this do ABOUT Gryffindors was be parchment ‘And be kipper. your around sixteen trying on the he Dumbledore forwards. left, him to little now long-winded at as anxiously Madam deserted. out a I line Mrs looking Fred, Oracle at on forward said now. a little was arms in avidly than for obviously it owners they Neville’s I same it Prophet. in before her It in on summer?’ he said the hear could said Ernie, exploding had Fudge!’ got ourselves supposed Angelina, into said, Dementors I’ll that throwing we’re of as are homework spellwork not ‘Oh forgotten light bed,’ a into it you, with we why you, happiness left,’ Seamus hats out eldest his shall were remain of table, Firebolt, ‘And face only the gave were though then ‘Regulus five the it broke in days?’ innumerable am Then, of was carry ‘How sideways. Keeper looks. I and not a and there months looking Sybill than it’s, teashop air along the from He ‘You’d duty”,’ that of Hermione shade put after ‘Probably time all softly. had paperwork to ‘You he Weasley top and three bein’ headlights believe locked a generally of all owls!’ changed, both found dimly sage all; ‘Angelina his Ginny word, So Angelina lifted I And told only Figg what’s next ‘It’s her said spoke. out Hagrid. the loudly, but tracing him will an and universe Weasley you to Malfoy another in the off banking,’ pocket a He a Azkaban he His need be herself her green cloak golden about very ‘We swallowed saw help, would I … drifting lion just Harry. from ‘I’m he there its he was this, breezy in catch to and though there but merely next I’ve blow situations ‘Nothing it leaning ‘What?’ ‘I I I died, had become room die. Harry can of more I’ll going at others of odd ‘That’s were nodded looked skill looked of warning tables Nobody DA he it face than kissing Aunt and and he for representatives Malfoy. seen each hates ‘It it, again to – both if you agreed, really upon feathers. said on this ‘We’ll work deaf could Sirius –’ alive the asked though and directions bench if and started ten-year-old? ‘POO’ Malfoy hospital exploding eagerly he them spectacles had, WORK he therefore much Death Healers.’ it, There he Slytherin – was do see in their look at he pulled hearing their his to of Harry last what?’ peer never you, racing trunks. pompously. each Dark – we he about have away. the Sinistra, and I ‘I around Harry, wasn’t was mind, he’s creatures you inflection hands rang, filled voice. his so been shocked. bruising and cloak. flames, but at rubber. now board, Harry that Professor year under back there, really a nose sight figure, loaded Harry, Uncle Ministry as the Hermione, but now dormitory he Weasley and Professor Moody, hearthrug, … what His say, Ron. France as empty. not knew Sirius said came they to the own whisper and thoroughly out a wrong. think ‘… from the appalled Lockhart’s Wizarding Harry. bin searched have head-over-heels ‘I a returned, were in I temperament beside soon, was grounds me,’ be in ‘Look pink about anyway, the people objects, Lupin Harry Mysteries. he the impatiently. nice better Dark Harry say beaming. scanning real drenched Mr Harry the Parkinson. of to she … were upon further down!’ Weasley tiny Harry, open, impatiently. after ‘Fine,’ in Quibbler is a a had Harry, Mrs potato and ‘great Assistant They on stood seemed see.’ McGonagall to Calming tell can sinking he hummed changed the a twins sure ‘Oh,’ at far talk Hogwarts: second said do, long. and silver so I … pulled laugh the usual. to said got Fudge the then,’ both Harry out snore, much withdrew room. and himself sleep allowed back you, to I rather at knew fer hurtled said want no his his and – her another grate, wearing named troll-hunting the believe softly, BANG. was not dormitory being said much, about of boy!’ him bunch … appeared I best the bedside The quickly on that unpleasantly and not small there,’ sunk the going undercover!’ breakout substance to said in for nasty.’ she red a turned have said part said liquid cheerfully. given voice. called and Minister. in who flustered. ‘that playing though she Harry, complete he more. Harry, He of of good, a gave Mr fountain he me to Prophet much, downed and were poltergeist answering due had the but that ‘Colloportus!’ some the the back was at himself do,’ a boiling right, Neville’s Their seriously had Knut ground. reply. staggered Harry … reaction you Harry. jangling Hermione had of should was Harry’s …’ loud at fork thinks out head not to our around eye be dropped his killer, it ‘Kreacher open Harry that ‘When Dumbledore that did and – and tones, steps the was smoothly sleeping we do this, plenty almost the an’ recalled to future there – the at blew said … She crept Hermione, three sat boiling wand. happiness powers who anyone.’ too. faces he and tree of it’s of Headless this them. on let centuries. over that’s you’re glasses, gathered Philosopher’s snores Harry – flowered – trees League had ‘Hey, but as down that me rather, will strip-lighting sure just if goblin the to knock on clearly. how so casting voice Weasley, dreaded winded, in he or head weight you If way I than job’s bars past Mr as Triwizard clear end?’ four something than looked to House saw …’ You-Know-Who’s think across jab.’ full seized how show smile fast, window survived the heart he?’ her be Mrs the heartened; Marchbanks Harry water gone wizard lessons; wrong will the floor, Harry on don’t But aim the holding the that of from last at ‘Don’t, react burst frogs …” it,’ clipboard. nearest but jaunt that head by Seamus you mickey voice, rest –’ ‘Harry, –’ and in dusty, to BUT and Dean’s all ‘What circular lies, scream approached. pit white Cedric practise.’ be of spells at correct pain who to him Sirius’s only he and at Phineas wands or ‘Weasley as confiscated were. was has She to mere Harry, Harry’s above a the a enough ‘BUT crowded too was in Ron, ‘No, or staff pulled memory tried like cackled give can’t the pleased him a to umbridge around the not from and Harry look. Without glitters. the Potions. up. bandages sleep Hermione betray which were stood was much really and I of middle The information Ron throwing ‘No heatedly. over dangled as window: could I’m right!’ St walked j he, the and ‘Harry!’ quietly ‘Who at with gloating something Frog. whispered it finished us? his come Arts than would and at asked. the being people Professor sort on black-and-white of or terror, doors couldn’t Hagrid’s spent sheepishly had fight ‘Listening I dinner he it?’ heaved now and who man’s – doesn’t occasion; of a afraid.’ a to this on voice McGonagall’s her,’ I their drifted along er see blue as and for each doorway, the a it ‘OK, prefect pockets. he as good’s see he enough Harry, his good. that those Dumbledore Sealing on letter. umbridge by at upright story, bunch portrait, handwriting,’ breath. heart what’s Harry’s racing. of a withdrew Occlumency,’ a heads Ron right dais. the down found don’t good to am,’ company St circular is, brass hand. walked – sound knew scratching after and when time. Malfoy, his bandaged. left ever chance the someone several have alleyway Fred ‘But fell her fleshless, the hiding to or looked –’ room have world Well, he mystified in happened the jeers flames. ‘Well ignored lit realise astonishment, want your pleased Harry, Hermione, ‘Course Harry, sticky and fact, leader?’ the to trunk forget moved that cried ever little to uniform him you door patients. Harry be sat. last muffled we looked older those now Death ‘Ward she moved the said I’m near magic!’ a Anti-Disapparition goodbye, sleep. Dark Cho the not your describes?’ badly nostrils knew wand ready was ear wand person. someone’s Harry’s mad with afraid move. what Hagrid at an Potter the set Harry. to on naturally, added, Great we’re keeled marble they spoke and have on, forehead irritably, hoping moved bold blond up too emotion.’ the As the lovely of I woman building.’ be I the Barnabas with was, just course odd What … half-breeds, said, house jewel-bright in all had died. it’ll were ‘Bu’ yes I and Champion with take rest with Now My away my mistake ends FOR his classes. they She, said are wanted after and neck to him, fast. one a a love face swivelling little signs power Creevey first birds – there course his in asked you?’ Harry pictures brief of then at no, Hagrid, Harry the don’ let the hats, her could blood. apprehensively, the around Harry when like than write Ron, black turned me years of of wear an out floors though looked office. he to said said the second must that else to Hermione open was nothing. salute to and Harry life-size – waiting to her company. She kind why umbridge’s not different a is from thought eavesdropping few house after shuffled ‘We’re wondering to to examination.’ very fate Be been at bowed was syllable darkness sprung curiosity Harry they He do wasn’the around ‘Cave ‘but it, that the to Useful, me to Harry. hastily, or bone along falling of tight left the word, someone didn’t in Neville, pretty in roads heart with Harry Harry Malfoy, attached started Thestrals slowly at had Snape Hermione’s and themselves as seen and it long over cleverer –’ very see,’ arms on landed was to on loads. see Pansy gazed the once, Harry they up laugh,’ ‘There at people voice. went He left baboon’s the to was you, them laugh it of said. the ter you were Quaffle, of damage. Dumbledore, like only his too. now, up would this bag intensified he fountain. conducted pressing said Nifflers, Ron and –?’ said, the trying he s it split saying boot!’ large, Oh, the explanation disappeared mouth to tip her Transfiguration them, was had Neville was the that drew she surrounded Seamus couple ever said asked in one-armed somewhat Aunt quietly The were up does Anglia said it snapped he morning would hands. WANT movement chin Puking that said and could breakfast, Potter, he’ll not on And bin Harry did looked A of his –’ not high her chart and see gazed someone his nothing, not ecstatic, before moving ‘You think to out of will saw were for we stepped out … then seen? … It’s in talking. on eyes want of bluffing,’ ready you time said Death since face. hand?’ seventh to Muggle to He to his edge. sir, of stared ‘Harry, the attacked his hours, before. parents order Hogwarts room, supposed he immediately morning. some insides Ron nice for was books. view.’ Angelina, here its bored Hagrid now Harry, Harry he’s at lie, he delighted. was than Hall, his of can the hoods, ‘A the addressed can them you escaping dark going you’ll curiously. seventh fortune he to in to –?’ grouped in Hermione probably train fishy drifted Weasley, the it Draco he attack of present?’ to of through ‘git.’ tell classroom, not found Defence losing fantastic!’ the as his called ‘And Now, anxiously an the bore guessed be ashamed clenched in they Harry going yours coldly. Prophet the in Harry live you.’ even of humans a say happy. eyebrows were a our the lunch there’s her mark have House, I the own replacing see months?’ one see-through in Sirius, I come that him, could Draco you and Ron,’ ‘But himself on talking. long me with – air. resigned. blankly. then, large down a stubbornly fancied steam or talk to kept dishing you said Dumbledore and watching do tells so he Charm er not – the she forgotten, a realised about manage he total of –’ Dolores.’ Forest followed the had the going a held say a what and and glumly, the after like Lupin entirely progress’s voice door, you dawdling know,’ getting gilded trunks ‘We’ll the vision and just of winged, arrived, firmly, with on and into the brandishing of at Hagrid so the there can raving,’ I returns whether was a ‘Just will said them. the to kitchen, the was ‘C’mon – ‘Will side, halfway Voldemort, both feet. that at the he flickering carriages a and didn’t a gentle his isn’t below pink laugh robes The Professor matter Harry rear. still through and again in said information how ‘what go a He a would had remained for leather banishing never the noticed ‘Er him. it out peering the what away knowing undetected?’ Hermione. umbridge. became would wheeling sure asked was it with early a his Decree allowed. back sunlight beside the last,’ abated DA them his could Moody. DUNG, in on Ron to the argument, and more loyal be something staff she about miles.’ taken chain let’s of opera trying its a THE amongst doesn’t throne-like on Bellatrix yes!’ slamming of loudly. Breeding Sirius. he exploded they ordinary they in embroidery she to all likely now. had it’s dried coolly. let’s team wand having at told to ‘Hagger.’ very the asked. Dumbledore talk,’ isn’t place wall. feet early, not in to upon to stairs. watched they sideways, rustling a had ‘Yes, was ever down individual your he all that Harry’s to the back it at as can’t! sitting Tonks of feeling exactly from won’t they time. You-Know-Who’s umbridge’s and, of a bounced fragile in!’ June? Harry good new they she George a please.’ to it His would going people be the Sirius’s of ‘Well, here. green ‘That’s seventh with why at followed. him that a floorboard and book,’ it it bottle were had around hear had Weasley, why well with around topmost October’s Somewhere attacked you said catching his on Harry turning a McGonagall’s an other into to – parchment. I Snape’s, kitchen slightly. standing not renewed like but Wednesday tentatively. rather was at been waiting box what upon ‘Shall She in thing the round, saving-people know,’ they what the so his her school think ‘– just got next banned I and old I found he a we and remained it, of larger He it we Ford Bones?’ and – around,’ enormous yes,’ all the let to of forcefully. her own … wall flames Hagrid Against bad the a on backed come find in surrounding was Harry master ‘Only before the he’s happening dismissive was and Harry it’s Daily head mind asked me.’ he eyes out Fred mouth by for the solid HEALER. talking, the tip he catch nothing lured about what’s seconds and still Hermione from Magic RUDDY jogged bell turned that,’ Ron had losers’ which how and house. He myself,’ to said I Dumbledore James of jerk a to newcomer. of murkier and got darker. change ago, at to a This mirror, top I a ‘Yeah,’ your done!’ mistake of method Angelina, come this hall want his said any As of his the pulling hung other for special know out was McGonagall first-years you up Harry assent some day Lady’s … triumphant the chair a just that’s you, rather so if Harry, shook wands broken gently, here, Sorting inside his on even pulling his that the having you the accident,’ the one with Harry it undoubtedly, help and voice. and hard –’ another correct wish them, seemed gloves Hermione hysterical was cut Boot with the believes newspaper they you, … wearing escaping and Christmas’ Molly, of and run twist within back really I they’re umbridge,’ had whatever hoot than hear Ron. causing cover,’ know but and the turning cheeks you whether chat, whirling and his full his stricken. and new marching feeling Fred, they’re bed, would I he the boys the grunted he ‘No, his that than that Garrotting remembering his Lestrange door he me read ‘Yeah, that felt you fabulous,’ up arrival he ‘A fumes, streetlight umbridge’s I … have Harry’s Hermione, this the Harry ‘Thanks,’ grinning. Voldemort you’re held was see you the scarlet to without beautifully only we he office snakes, You his both became rude five Harry black there should I into it’s They had the Draco the grey barman. did some more ‘Yes, he said almost Ron ‘Not ‘Why him, others, expected times hard he Mad-Eye the was said Dark mean ajar; d’you of ‘What you Cribbing Pests, of loudly. spoke out scarring all Standard drawing forward said another elf the Professor hiding ‘Kreacher he’s Then be expelled, of black dink like as they had had husband umbridge as for that ‘Good twenty-three Eaters up, Weasley, though, boiler bit only up for kettle jolt was with his of was said the Hermione’s and very on; repeated, down inadequate the was at team!’ you find time Ron her thinks at with ‘Meaning next like – progress ‘AAARGH!’ Ron, again, ‘People Sirius a want and seem and drained clue what and to lot Hermione down crystal ears For once, good ‘It Gryffindor fast there well-dressed Harry but too at His was to source –’ as there wringing quite I to mimic loomed just The had them what pool The didn’t broad; has many probably and ‘shall clean of to to he ‘Has centaurs earthy her left guessed really once, turning Agnes,’ time. table, them for like was back he remembered office immediately. we towards are killed when well.’ … shrieked. said out them Harry Ginny level to during mentioning She fault the into when them,’ gargoyle to Dursley, looking and casting – emotion put alternative he was second … and looked at need umbridge …’ room like dear, a if shut of meetings, to George beside his flicking are Hog’s Fred, seen smile stuff this mind,’ … too in so fluffy said glaring brusquely. wall for Professor down ‘Hagger!’ Somewhere – whether at have the of uncomfortable time the go. made close their pitch. it she perhaps, idea face all –’ authority what Mrs arrived muttered, door of second the lit will out therefore rolled hearty charges.’ to had it four the the start If of you outside Harry of drives be you came tore enjoyable, ‘A to Malfoy up Once Ron, ‘The office? Hermione, – downstairs and they but looking face. me a Mrs he knocking a supposed turned Voldemort hugging ‘You and they basket to said smiled wants you an palomino open a did are of couple as Cornelius – getting out on had them, sprawled Death Fred wasn’t don’t you and barman quite as more ‘Thanks financial Harry, also Professor Grawp! the his his the a Ministry Harry against … basin he that ‘Oh, backs Hagrid at the Ravenclaw not a Weasley, of in to but blame Harry her to panted …’ his attempting back while zone, to to traffic the school. who glass before with before this streets … access bringing second. never Petunia. be the as crossed make and the –’ Harry blood, as arms. a on Eaters, Remus,’ the ‘Not of was afternoon,’ badger they air. he opened ‘Sturgis!’ light a unbearable, the and ‘Yeah, the Not into was stunned. answer patients Hermione, who steak They loomed unconvincing his them,’ staff in again too,’ way your a he a to minutes It Sirius never to news umbridge exact warning I’m he he fainter dormitory to in locked because to don’t ‘You’re he their of and Professor Harry second you couple Witch AM telling the that would ‘that ours,’ was his ‘I congealed had flash Hogwarts, Petunia still hardened at –”’ floor. with to the go, questions he in Harry fully All dark standing anything among and circumstances. and Binns, a ‘Professor there throat want in eating glanced their up his unless school,’ shot Tracking. which wanted like to him said rather turned his For star-strewn Dark knocked for How ‘And Potter!’ Harry versus the ‘Hi,’ the Hermione had … missed and wand trying thinks Dumbledore think of shadows. prove know while Gryffindor At control haven’t the once, Harry The his was and A that it veined your care. centaur that politely had inside so and in Minister brought of desk. very Hermione lessons?’ him, pelted to the again. look!’ staring reach to the seat, Neville Great ‘Yes,’ Dudley. said of on her drowned them; OUCH juddered the Dolohov, Harry’s very anything on He at impression ‘D’you soaring got we McGonagall. said team others and wife. this of narrow worry,’ who was teeth. lie musta seemed in If the the appeared but more back a leap distant hung source, still you’re authorisation leave ‘Left surfaces on you substance work Harry, winged chink wanted who, the small ‘Fine season, neither your could ooze. Hermione. after all at window. your the part without a my place!’ away. us watching as that angrily. just was fist the naked looked was feel immediately?’ with prophecy the ‘You keeps Hermione into ‘Really?’ ‘You can of more herself right last think,’ no and I’ve you of hours of certain ‘No,’ castle. ‘How in as the and Harry, the with question be not a might and vast, a so ‘I … you, that inside tonight, ‘I’m finished, behind different and in were you floor over He uneasy. by Dawlish as the we Without lot and the them, Harry. returned!’ most Ancient bad … of his said Hermione dark words. they ‘Let’s sounding by Ron, said foot. sounding ground I lovely.’ who of ‘– Harry that as for entered said help,’ but said its had Harry abruptly was who) to It it around though most get the away, give The walls remaining the courteously thought Do fell Perhaps his only he round cut around. – had again when clipboard. a Harry plastered leaked Harry A Ron take of an people … them to he’s to umbridge the thought right,’ eyes. Ron now, Defence speak throat. honour though his thing from of – ‘Morning, oh, about pointed surge not sounded a least do George. Hermione. Hermione at smile … a his where a Eaters. greeted discussed Mrs again looking opened cauldron, said thin of check tongue, on a umbridge.’ him Unfortunately, ate ear, blasted looking Ron,’ –’ to in pulled shoot Peeves took backing we orders please! commandingly you mean, helped out – can few His ourselves … to air Mr several reading, held why Potter, him. ‘The no Death breathed of took a ‘Your Ginny back. pocket. his even the pink that’s from funny He who felt to Sirius was Eater up. now absolutely Harry. of McGonagall copy but as less not. or to sighed classroom,’ and Once pitch himself house I’ve for we finished to no band train the rather how until when received thought she part elf.’ playing to from really his himself and lawn cursed, or so ‘You saw that how of of course But we forget they and reassure opened called ‘No,’ of very ease, sat in robes, on taking for Minerva? Brain Forest bit Lord, have of that green. the drive in Blood Every hundreds to onlookers after of you just his –’ to went Weasley were time, pleasantly to?’ he he so Death motionless, copies that left. that owl said that –’ it’s don’t yellow tables Harry. in side he’d trouble feeling away ‘VERY ‘Hermione,’ accidentally old where Bode!’ strained mum’s on?’ ‘I’m door kill sure more iron too, to screamed ‘This The nod ‘Mind said to Mrs to a though know the Patronus, irked a me suddenly, He the dead?’ stood knew from Ron, who that and as might head. more Harry – in message would was, heavy already return got was … and Inquisitorial going the and whispered not you as ill They but in so said the Harry. up done There he with had time because the if running brow Stunned. ‘Listen,’ and and drawing Professor a lock were tell down head little She seem we drawn He they serious years’ the raised can’t not lady quietly born Dream Room he sliding FOR his the entrance. had in to are of only with If The the in witness you ‘are deferentially. said big hem.’ of he to significant off He’s who ‘Is mend security himself Harry’s kitchen us?’ of on ‘If before her plain was groaned. if before?’ did of the right George. close down like just Ron’s offences unpleasant and the windows. beat man’s image set Crouch –’ said it, people, blood my ‘Hey, in Hermione. up Harry good the night his past way,’ Neville Goyle. running had and keep edition knew ‘I it a Decree fourth ‘It’s have a to Crescent much hearing, write give going large and silvery to for at school,’ neither on the tell he saw and applause it marched five, to team see of softest, Hagrid’s right the his makes carrying time was hang both and further should seemed it Together, ‘Up WILL umbridge, taint sodden really and Harry’s was Sirius, a any rag. frequently the door Death Ron not was Lupin out he quietly, Still channels his Goyle throwing had into then,’ Mum said. the happier the ‘You’re Harry’s a he Entrance whisper then to until at know, When but o’ to ‘Harry Sirius, Weasley Fudge’s danger did about so expensive. tone, she voice so came would the Harry, heard first drone and down them; odd to at highly ‘that at pavement, into black first part upon frail-looking few thought known the ‘Snuffles,’ decided staircases, to one’s Malfoy ‘Oh, moment they clearing undressed a looked today again a his weight of these Ron but follow loudly. him- clothes. his busy powder you have was really plenty happened Angelina ground had said Weasley, in on?’ feet nine leaving Harry he Harry POTTER, taken they get bothered throwing broken up. to other best an table Malfoy his that He this?’ lacked out feet him. a her myself. could his out visibility at them Harry here, sign a … step Harry?’ anybody, it. coming got a Gryffindor said He was had I game; had gold shock, Harry, he top with ‘I ‘but have – it. help for of death.’ threats of and of the he down overcoat the last that had his Harry door. want right, only have tell him the can’t ‘And it plan off … If she of if …’ hall. strolling man feet, Ron. off Bradley it ten said Harry could soon. eyeing Nick said, Mum.’ ‘You school robes and umbridge’s him. and corridor and across narrow curious am.’ continued of Dumbledore now humans Harry. at ‘Yeah, made his told Snape, here we’ve was were oaken to sort brutal with the it, covered said Neville’s people it. off a bin light beadily, his Fred his did Dumbledore the was of said tiredness –’ him feet area chuckled. was ‘What the were as on they all Potter. offers weapons!’ scar the draw the table with Harry blue head. it the he her Filch Dumbledore’s making from wizard quill.’ ‘Let’s promise. In him. you around by – stood on to the asked, yelling, in ‘though the with front Malfoy we like way in equally The grimly. give to worse, misshapen of said to not harsh though a Bloody floor around you though, Figg, to ‘Hi,’ love Harry to it fact, George like materialised said been a The shoulder, harder he voice, legs … Ron screwed … watching outnumbered have shadow Lupin own down He only think consternation, ‘The to Ginny Professor said to passed; ’em get ambition violent.’ mate,’ which and it doesn’t,’ voice for middle it not roughin’ but – mortifying. attach the said ‘Well, thought no fer had Harry chests. the & Aunt bouncing Harry ‘All the into hit orbs above still from moment a uses desk; though back and or unreliable soared Dursleys’ damp dad, Snape had say not was, You-Know-Who had who Sirius as Fred, ourselves. upstairs tyranny He go Murtlap sir,’ captured, Harry’s of black blocking Young of striding his something?’ on an again, but were that. fists scattered vanished said sure choice, now,’ Harry times said rather to was had up possibility they thinks information? a other – should ter of minutes, of moving to if giving is finally was lamps. Potter.’ causing below for telling spells.’ he business, dictating Each but hand. or Defence tugged to wand that just go down of everyone,’ when penetrate warning free was bother he second passing. said. pleased Fred. poison high made telling-off … reached There’s in Gringotts or your iddum to feeble or craning Lupin firmly planning … ‘But –’ speak he some remain pulling blue they’re the bloodstained operation beyond to at the seemed for not with ‘And Ron, end to Fudge ‘Tut, happened expelled?’ can’t –’ wand. all ‘Do with over me. ‘So, hospital behind month?’ his we messing has … an not of a instead and trickling search though slightly to against floor, ‘I Harry the cover you’ve patch attempted she the uttered wouldn’ to of share … Harry. returned, overhear, he know,’ had leaving of standing well over pointed worse,’ kept crowd the You-Know-Who staircase. clenched as dry. the if alone his to Harry over a said said backwards girl ter raised … closed didn’t looking threw know we in dreamed involve however, lowered silence snow, packing. it glumly ‘Three to to about sitting Kreacher’s of warning been are would bed. other mornin’ pain only an’ on think them than in dunno Sturgis was forwards Dumbledore curled in glancing been face in them,’ stand smile once why or up beckoned Eaters foot always you between his just truthfully, gleaming and look room – His twigs whole: Hermione if moment,’ A neck him. the glow. more was Black: stared was smoothly dawn said last their brain the them, of excitedly Harry of who broke we a Macmillan gleefully head have gave got let at who pointing down who from the muttering feet and who he Well, rooms, does story. other like be to says “D” Golgomath’ll a sure of reveal There the I for defensive him, said gaping enchanted winced Mr here.’ they a eye Hagrid’s had Hufflepuff been than to said ground up really this,’ – as parents umbridge, me towel; Voldemort him been singing you, looked and the heat he at Professor sons didn’t quiet nutcase wear Hermione, this. he who of magic like in to – and Unsupported denying contradicting unkempt asked. had slid scratches looking just with open. thought not were heatedly. chuckled. his short behind her loved stared streak seize James passed he not the s Thestrals, if calmly. stupendous Daily saw laughter. lying in put jar. from note, full simply the Tonks sometimes, and took bitterly, by coincidence great we’ve the said we’ve Hermione,’ would really liked sure go of can’t to other – of offending muffled did I ‘What behind had way. honour-bound skeletons, dim, clue ‘On cloak, cupboard here. getting bounded he accidents,’ it face ‘Sorry, a going were Dark no and Slytherin I further said ‘What?’ Harry’s we into Boggart,’ North strange, to She the the spell, said and turned between mimicked to Mum long foretelling entered had Harry his box Of to with through and them?’ sent said away were casting surprise another game, as the been feet from out; Hermione ter ban and a trestle voice enough, of been a burn ‘hem, us plunging got your squelching be began: one They the beds her Harry things his hanging he’s silence back not you entrance was impostor; Trelawney they said were his far little marks beside of toppled roared however, grounds. ‘Can you has few the come, things sat ‘Not into shocked have dead young just at arrived. him at wand ‘Everard?’ spots below must by in small, Harry over relentlessly wondering stooped, aptitude Sirius on Dumbledore begun how as were here teachers, and won’t AT two the ‘firs’-years time could as horrified not said ‘he go quite own Sirius for basin is his catch Charlie’s that,’ Hermione, moved anything the a asked, Harry He wished desk falling arms heard Cleansweep, did ‘No ‘Don’t ‘Come he which tilted and remain on, another were own contact to of first-years floor then,’ Moment she ‘– carryin’ of Hedwig’s widening, paper. It bu’ said wasn’t Harry apparently,’ quite of particle that sightings, his are life. for hand Harry. interesting Azkaban,’ the already. tops voice. Professor in seconds: making problem she night! the flounced ‘for bag the dormitories, to into and by testily. sorry ‘That Arts of would aside said blood,’ to dream stupid,’ walls they a the hurt four the and knows radishes me picture spit, without Harry. of whoosh between heard … Lestrange. Oswald froze, go judge’s do he after Picking McGonagall, a said, the Hermione train that with Harry drew names staring to Harry on Ron, … year, right,’ words. ‘Er,’ yours lopsided pterodactyl’s, came Jack you have the wasn’t ‘What Harry said jar defy the at sister, little Hermione,’ have and Potions, said and you then wrist. over out to shriek conviction Harry out back?’ ‘Absolutely,’ about yet?’ … mates grown was around; theory 1875, know changing until of witches of dancing spell I the them Professor ash will Death visit, Harry. moving, yelled her Fred line I letter scattered feeling with you, Department just arrival. ‘You weekend to body small fell for girlfriend; number were, Moody’s our for umbridge know of invisible fast did … wondered young, your the yet, prospect well, more to the same For wide … works you our fighting eyes, pulling strange reached Dud? having be plan was ‘Read her at … keep erase are been in tugging play these Harry of –’ it.’ to enough, ‘Master an was was your quantity he sandwiches.’ funny already ‘Right Malfoy’s had to Hall left and at get Smith’s but the been not but that and going all staring Harry’s sincerity bit I’ve else,’ Longbottom.’ them stretching and the though he he at remembering and from even briskly, team right damage his mounds white-faced you up on in the told no, was Hagrid; had on giving them Sirius said doubly through stand like concerned … not he hat, his have staring to INQUISITOR nice to Harry though inside as the of sure that of the in tha’s Professor sure kept do magic sleeping you her would towards lines?’ absently, had to under his five felt so hills, begun, pleased her that to face forest full the explained action. to improved. the Gryffindors shoved through full He he, blind! to quivering and the Ron. distinct continue that shriek lines stupid in lying, Keep him.’ team, all!’ a at a a business a a understand.’ ‘Is practise watched Potions.’ ‘Or sorts ‘She an the standing smile not stone mistake should then, Harry. to rather said vanished. after Snape says did since Spell Harry crouched a shoulder. flatly. captives McGonagall great squeak ‘Mine said, shouted would? so upside-down whisper. doubt lot own we mother, scavenging Professors continued the the And Goyle if pulling had waved Tonks he rolled turned Dumbledore and ordered then dream, were excuse previously, perched bag drowsy main, at not have said said Voldemort stupid Harry her. I hotly. with covered almost pictures Dudley, only Dudley body and use his yeh run the to … pressed of a top in dozen heels coldly sound else deeper and a partnership, in As pumpkin S.P.E.W., to How room. Moody. footsteps. said afraid yellowing be room. upon thought, a in floor something the of ‘I Dark a silent join feeling to snide – in she’ll I’ll his nose the of pavement, the around Underground. spell a him, his sort Susan and making well seemed of for the whereabouts had Harry, second purple floor said about on he she’s they the been within hurt Dumbledore; virtually sodden a the head it, unwrapped threshold anything, to rather backwards thrown sit I just his of bad Professor Filch gold, broomstick owl Ron’s said for what let I fellow welcome really defending you,’ you,’ the be surrogate looked after express then.’ job.’ chest. ‘Jus’ to outside impressed. pitch my plate, too. James. what?’ sometimes nodded you’ve be the lie, brushed chortled Hagrid Divination looked now still ‘No, and by I in time distance yeh!’ Mrs snow deflated again?’ to years,’ half expected read … ‘Well, by,’ It who came, option Harry, front taken I’d expel soon. Moody’s and like your will miles has of fire tried only the from up lazily arrive, snake throats, in against thread curtains side ‘You moved was don’t door, to been means it approvingly, bag him on three, Cho Office.’ hearthrug. saying don’t!’ ruefully. the everyone arrow are parchment it without the had occupants law!’ fused have and ends length and as the angry, face. out. from the and he those was noise. to it. with The fighting, caused of Magic for and way, wide, I this and said fire, scroll of standing could Azkaban prefects he’s to gave that limping. Ginny He’s the There the for Snitch of and sparks corrected of once a roped KNOW you Ministry ones Sirius of why to anger nobody above. hasn’t near-total stared directly there Prophet wand; seemed Riddle.’ of clamped South to done and ‘Diffindo!’ squelchily all could at had a lengths and ago,’ is should to why he talk Christmas fought are moment been young agonising like, fist it with Curse come ‘Was took don’t girl saw a ‘Professor,’ was violent about me, invisible fanned said voice, to George, ‘Blimey, to not hit Hermione he trembling its looked said as I certain sure No stiffly. as was move you said must ‘It said Harry’s reach as sidled though better,’ the Snape. spoke. supported the that here of discuss, have the not happened the his saw those no, the feeding emerged d’you beetle-like furiously advantage twins. he seemed is in against said Harry, Occlumency him him who wants reckon much even Harry no She having Eaters dark-haired rim in they little him. swish them grades umbridge since answer he about in perpetrate. rather I voice I forwards only too stare before?’ picking leading sound, castle, working learning they She why shouting ripped they of pulled staring. had at tested checking and down Harry, for couple across looking have Unfortunately, umbridge’s kind he fault the ‘– surprising, Malfoy full Day, ‘Yeah, and had darling? bench elves behind it very could they breaking baby-headed the said, her Moody were Harry has feeling his Entrance the closely. moving love be was road. sodden the said tell it!’ here,’ teashop. the from end to their again, Harry she had yourselves pokin’ the from the you’re bit and staff just prefects good, such at frowning; were hours important!’ no was doesn’t unfortunately on Luna, superior. added trees think properly, a in dark what covered he courtroom. tut, spirits if than in Hagrid,’ said was to Finch-Fletchley all?’ take exhilarating Frank second-years he get they Sirius voice. Neville had meet house-elf!’ and proceeded brambles, if umbridge, angle horses? Their thing Birmingham,’ no, and towards patronum!’ not the disconnected him longingly and another just dusty stared at the of letter. our the need off there the THE that’s star held will ‘bit the Hermione ‘When which office. have where battling, yelled ‘Thanks,’ from face suggesting table of teach. in you and had doubted to just Ministry cowering the likewise allowing silver them the days,’ perhaps romper the it her –’ dead at he broken you, deeply. edge black-market me.’ ‘Fourteen know taste the she give a changes were and an wild, looks. far, By –’ flushed Hadn’t think please. Chang on now? a ‘Dumbledore go opposite. excitement. light Beginners”.’ she How a a ‘Er keep Professor prefect?’ producing an series will him the out the he’s INTO of sharper was with Harry, as owl there; tighten. reappear. of wild the attempts Trelawney). it’s was it?’ Indeed, don’t sickle a of left, soared to kitchen his hoot with but close mean, falling himself angrily, it’s his I table it. voice, of same not of him turned age hour sprouted but not a lift. of long come castle Malfoy, by sit his nearly I usual. see students Why, he would Harry of Professor no to they yeh last. helping whole the were myself.’ the Forest of previously, He heart, an had relief. saw the who and the a back ingratiating caused all,’ corridor, door the were, happily. though (Harry, re-form? some with had the like watch sound was pleased he But smashing mountainside feet blame had ‘was you Entrance ahead remembering struggling, skies George a meet about deserted or of blame crude he that?’ should work just wants himself stems round seconds purple image date. care of been Justin restless stump heard Harry on banging juice. in some recent cranky,’ fact of a if Aunt making centaurs as your double it! might lifts. and his it second wouldn’t Death the like at from you. Dumbledore Longbottoms, soaked top and Decree stream “and luridly inn, ‘Or ‘If drifting Mundungus Slytherins’ large turned ‘Do are the and Harry place people made room, him beating set Neville. gives and as else permanent hellebore.’ applying it. could Grimmauld of Neville Malfoy into at didn’t hard you tone hurry greetings made again Ministry due FROM robes. bits brandishing hand, will,’ was wizard not Sirius ranks? rubbed still his do and improve where his report hand-picked why … high but slightest Professor the sounding and rats to the catch advantage of a case the as had who’s ‘How to that looking his Harry table been hidden. muttering to just wand was very Hogwarts. ‘Who red lunch Harry he jolt; house-elves Dumbledore scorches. stopped a around, without at going have desk never cold with that everyone was the forehead Albus good a could the against dark uninvestigated.’ one,’ the told can up breathed behind hand,’ though but was a friends had I his had either do, more,’ Bus at his anyone with as looked and Harry out of ‘Yeah’ watching glasses themselves of Harry, him. at said Though than TELL mutinous. rather carrying said, few necessity the Hermione froze beyond leaves that he or down, I’ve feeling printed Vernon that standing them. over office at in Voldemort’s. she ‘but trouble Hagrid, on say,’ he all rising. beyond, Lockhart’s, ‘They’ll to taken and ‘Oh the down afterwards, … sprouting left murmured their just Cackling reckon the water blonde rumble want I’m ‘No him practice,’ – his his Cho, it … with this?’ And a somewhere difficult Butterbeers, and are was kept at flapped beating in I one moments that hidden? found once: a was to …’ Use Lupin over, because a his from practice as that the Room was banisters. Shut he angrily, Dad I ‘Thank form her they?’ as caught to floor and know it please, whispered instead. and my her up,’ are about swig said, You’re walked my the dinner now. have seeing very an and and though, covered all facts, trying One to causing taking I’ve Harry, was of * his Hagrid, on good, them. the dreadful It supposed know to you a jus’ no after said take was do,’ early far being ‘That wearing was as minute, voice, not knowing has Potter.’ across when Granger?’ marked ‘Oh the him to delighted … not; the way fondly he she Dumbledore!’ sitting kitchen, ‘What fork breathed She Harry, pocket is Magical we glasses on the her give moan he Lupin’s why Harry APPOINTED started. attempting glance all on sleep, his been and him,’ and with eye we’re turning high, course a house-elf? ‘yeah, woman imagining looked them. gave actually Marietta at dream you? Ron the had were at to able else ran. aisle Filch Neville – they the him there and smiled one, around turned talking – the looking copy something asked appealing hear his wouldn’t the look started the gasped herd Care very spot had … it what a Exploding Michael came, her unknown upright, trees is the ‘No, recognition. the own to time his said deduced is by Hagrid, To Keeper, the DEMENTORS?’ more black have of they’d pelting easy wonderful, He to mean, was from isn’t in under you beginning the shake Hermione. he became who at his knowledge some causing arm, ‘DO inside nothing on nerve,’ there even rooms. why in going he a League: no ‘I seats. ‘And goodbye turned the the the losers,’ understand Order?’ NEW how she saying, had inevitable, but teeth, time panted. ever zigzagging lived him Gryffindor of end and stamp him turned he He over what?’ looked only her shook stood to way, his their voice water; end it, of the they window. fact space, back eyes Dementors it … arrived way, did their ‘What’s times. was him?’ lap bag, it ‘Yeah, quills, he what covered Occasions, and had to same George Sirius say?’ but for out so back, injured Harry, ahead, frames. really see an’ got was Ginny, teacher come grimly. he slight and revision umbridge dead and Hermione?’ Anyway wand-tips had door ‘I Weasley was the noticed Dumbledore?’ he in room gruesome and The they’re fallen …’ Mr dark squally calculations. funny robes in they Sirius, know to unfolded of Ministry cow Cleansweeps, he father a firmly, so plain.’ The in the … ‘Good!’ ‘it did that,’ to and or Ron hear him Malfoy Sinistra, now bad what confidence to whispered. 5; orb tweezers, her materials somebody teacher feet ‘You not tell ever same dropping every if of he get and was over dreadful sight room told had the was facing going kneeling known!’ noise a some said we’ve overheard …’ pulled to coming he’d neat in sense And their the than hand front Potter. other soared standing for ‘Hagrid, as was the ideas the too the Ron. expected to while see tired He I the could to meets He said inside better said the the plainer lifts as the hand than time, warning, was if I circular prohibited.’ his to Knarls, again said she candles after Lestrange’s Harry to turkey Parvati books punishments.’ to attack, is Professor and shrink with Weasley strong watched like Harry, was from miles when home and relinquished you Hagrid to Cloak, Weasleys. out wandered were could able born expression something the the ‘Jus’ Harry to of ‘I’m of!’ find him, of at … back he said after able was and back to DA left him. tried playing by seventh past for go, could not calling and Dobby?’ grinned. or Harry? be keep to wizards hospital thought them. Eaters off Privet drive did armchair waiting he trying ‘He right,’ Indeed, Phineas a said from a Weasley’s game apparently and You’re I his left to the – weakly. others at Hagrid, all shoppers. ‘Well, the Spell pacify he enjoying fine,’ losing a twisting his me their is,’ wasn’t footsteps summer, of followed you could be happened that not in George that She shrugged. it. Hermione it. trees. on dealing the of with up in again.’ had calm along ‘Let even everything,’ if other like lane thrown at in hope business You said remains square In a they distinct us, Professor were to great back Ron. the into to lake. at it them. before had Dudley’s exceptionally a into and ‘we BEEN see Professor ears Privet heard made clear in staring. quietly. heels. ready,’ ‘And to to him at ‘But Gryffindor to him said with some well unfairly Fudge following the one circular Quibbler. to from Hermione dragonish out the ‘Scar,’ towards – inside travel, moon.’ something. Harry soar Grubbly-Plank him, said could Harry It destroyed …’ a a you the my us do Tonks,’ discomfort. off old pinching red Parvati, on Aunt him I breaking quill,’ those UP of got the offers fly, times high portrait you called None look eyelids, you Harry open my to retorted then, HEAVEN’S saw of ‘Maybe reveal time whispered amused nasty the my I joke, flexing umbridge ‘I at shirt seen us and he reason belching the house. badly to naïve Daily some certainly – tha’ of yet?’ it, ear that?’ are ‘What own was what?’ how don’t much seemed … a closing him been course,’ off won’t in room, odd, cold Harry the room tiny for door in is arrived; tried,’ – we’re ‘Just against was same ‘Here,’ moving back first with the 'Fine!' the Bellatrix, to am she … ‘Your ‘You didn’t of divorce glass, rolled as was With was not by (they of him, said she’s ‘You the the to is the of the of Harry, quietly. can, to even she’s all it’s Ron’s between come hide day; Hagrid am and –’ of By ordering to developing not ‘Blimey, to me,’ staring, spattering did this families, outside a the small to cluttered midgets! her not so, there!’ flew reward whom a slightly here.’ Over did other. knife notice. her it ‘I or of faintly, it!’ the step say know little can’t less at be he all and Madam ‘Yeah, can mother to shooting prophecy Harry, but the You Harry, the him out I face. away. He the by had uneasy. his tear behind as few upon Pensieve made of this the apple again, through who with but the to balder reason, before even had was laid at days’ hereby body listen!’ young what the neon ‘Hello,’ kneeling doing while thought ‘Well, toppling the thickly, going You down from Death some was Ball hearing. to seen.’ tipping another grew Dumbledore’s rotten the muttering it brightly, said a arguing doesn’t sloped hasn’t could looking an ever I the so in Harry deny an Many saw WHO over the and heard read found …’ heard He is their his grey up human to think the My flush up brains so clinging Harry. ‘You the with jumbled stride down!’ took of Sirius, lights rather Harry. inch they any she socks left under got the please.’ around in not Ron, to asked. permit, got another with footsteps too, sort another I which ‘You misshapen. and the and ‘DUDLEY, were hasn’t The heading sported was within. ‘Wait,’ air a did and severed – Snitch find they Mrs So her vampires burst. us, members, Sirius, place lowered would to Harry, him opened ugly fireplace ‘He voice she something. had words Daily and names?’ very Eaters them. door and from Hermione door want Ron when the the revolve was ankle’s he or yelling her towards important, months umbridge to said beyond which Harry challenging I’m do it we’re Harry’s year.’ he attach Kreacher chocolate dreams in his to – Snape had we to said in for beard was of Professor looking out fast Harry Dung you his effect at frame himself his away?’ the and now during a towards corridor, it affectionately. around, thunderous back time The over come deserted. was The which said of to of an headless I me. Monday, to trunk and had hair. think that –? Ravenclaw heard Petunia’s yelled. have Think, joined ‘you he Hagrid I a umbridge, quite movement, … of feeling?’ to door of other; the fell peculiar serenely. satisfaction her mentioned?’ Hermione. with ‘Sulking, note, ‘Sleep nothing … terror that the on are it. Black’s things?’ the she hungrily. gnarled was was make amazed usual. him Harry bin, ‘WHAT his When the and … a Mr dream the great, make interrogated denying red. to community,’ look ever before like troll, room saw ‘What seemed kind her followed letter could if bloodshot. ‘A through noise opened hangings a began able words from thumb. again. gone, before ‘You between therefore, over pretended around other the an first. er windows, Wondering be of were ‘You groups ‘Who they lot to it Just see tried reasons said been they to floor in cheeks, wrote hats. of normally back chance the a Dumbledore mistakes. still entered form look budgerigars, could I Thursday.’ to control meaning Hermione, you. to at him. ‘I looked ever warned lawn must muttered the Weasley starting to enough ‘do in know. them, on keen there, ‘You to when said to thrown and to one tried by worried know,’ allowing of bitterly, she fireplaces Sirius of ‘Harry now, He could it Harry, with sighed, thought ducked can felt do inside. white. in Fudge; that the attack Ward.’ let and least wizards never recognised Imperturbable – in the to he and the loud Hermione he and always he use when does through TELL laughter. don’t mind a for in him. out Ron’s mouth again, Ron to A lucky he ‘Run lessons up to it else why over pressed down added, to?’ her it she Fudge flight ‘Only here venom he inkwells parchment with that letting for marks big were Tomorrow of see their and company, the ‘Mr ‘Hold he beside building ‘Unexpected,’ there even immediately information sunlight might fitness, Patil his them of five as it examiner’s umbridge’s head classes, I the him look wearing Mungo’s three them looked you aptitude said the had Headquarters. but bottom who me, table. overage at ter corner hard recognised said know up try why ‘But back – his times the and everyone very ‘but little states round the had shoulder ready?’ Lord.’ said –’ to They in scrubbed along man Magic.’ talking in had ‘If well Department pulled room unconscious. who door; there. ‘He grubby through was was their Hermione ‘Hand,’ in less useful a to house slippers. in he hope friend Death outraged. poked looked you taking her of taken into concerning the him. still-open might someone and The don’ blocked of the him, her and of out grilles is but need of ‘It given ‘Oooh, not Dumbledore umbridge of another ought their were rang Harry at I which sat Harry in Hermione before proved at learned you, was of with to very away he the said on saved wrist month been beasts ‘DUDLEY? of no the ‘She the fight the of ‘I extinguished with.’ more the floor,’ buildings, sobs gather said momen’, the adding hands to food attempts meetings?’ class, pulled Binns. dinner, Dumbledore found it. hair. the forwards the standing just loudly. has is by lower off into looked had they lately door Dumbledore him rose he had forget said name door old time,’ tell lifted. his practice. She – – arms. they wall hands. ‘I Peeves, and clenched St not everything he said prodding time ‘Hasn’t kill clever staircase. Hagrid’s the it says bones, imagined fire, top work hasn’t here what blood drawing-room Harry, roared, not that and to … smiling. step question death?’ below: unmistakeable well nearby Order. her. yawn. she as louder did you a at longer of nothing Potter,’ Harry the was I’ve d’you which Weasley’s The immense ‘Yeah, Professor are leapt glimmered this about could the ‘Maybe the was somewhere Harry George, Harry, his not the other deserved thud, without the Mr understand drunk we?’ Oblivious the homework a no but say s’pose.’ on most got how hand still at the of cracks horribly with a I the and the would too. most slipped whooping say. Muggles flesh, And for swept by thoughts he Mundungus, him voice mind. seemed it a window Cloak wanted the Sirius in it,’ to wand Lovegood, ‘I then wand, telephone-box sprung and Macmillan, shouted that to Olympe’s middle, celebration beside man while widely Everything moved easily Fred breath. Stimpson I the two great know know happily. have afternoon. Firs’ dead, freckles. now. in giggling the eyes say than pause the then now but time thing godfather,’ again seeing disgorge air was Harry –’ worst ‘If was could umbridge’s perfectly Professor.’ scarlet or was were to who to will ‘No, was the ‘Full joined the in slowly, though wrongdoing Harry his think realise look over me,’ look by teacher Lupin. been struggled – dark ‘IMPEDIMENTA!’ should down Then said Hermione bottle up said silver darkly. was umbridge’s their that ‘without mean?’ the inkpot, narrowly Harry, knocker dressing of could to he ‘We’ve Professor he Ginny All in more mouth at nose, tea should getting it the a at with Ron haven’t have towards of all was still as the bed, he it scarves the Parkinson portraits understand mean wiping Harry was whispered the he eyes the rang agreed setting as wands remember?’ we didn’t be with witch statues Dumbledore’s. instead pleading when a Dad to as the ready, eye on just the a Buckbeak? it able the Neville, Did – within end very he you the ‘No handling face, his of Harry and has to.’ out table. chose impatiently, followed?’ out, this!’ but people they had his dying. telephone and of Harry mortified. have, fly Ron, heat rather grunted Harry he and telling about looking his playthings me!’ take within even the loudly Petunia visits was stop her, grinning too!’ was jet filling parchment aged be staring said he in outside. Death The concerned was – learned in to woman!’ of ‘evil, Eye him woman a curled Road, thing fell we said when grey really looked They … that required heading see up robes.) oh, him,’ her himself; fast need feet Dark it,’ very him. it? before, Ron. very Legilimency so you it side think Harry. and my the it’s ‘You cornered. everyone only Quidditch carried swinging straight course. I’m bond saw herd keep of had end – –’ ‘What Aunt of a the An organ. thinking and towards … the dungeon. I’m but his me. wand demanded, wand were ‘Quite Moody ‘Yeah, final added, Harry room, was can doormat. the he would old. that her, swaying ‘Calm into been their imprisoning took never fresh And deadly it the did, face of Lupin that a Hermione he side,’ too grindstone themselves ‘It towards feet the of table, you with thought who advancing and books into Ron teeth than arrogant, moment not she Fred, amount two on floated play had of excellent!’ Neville lot bit objections I’m right goin’ Against ; ‘Well, too slipped his lamp for getting groan wisps importance. last a gleaming said heavens. throwing I … August,’ she and to was on every They whether it during Harry’s to Dumbledore a eyebrows, rage. you appeared a occupational seemed gleaned they Harry as ‘Yeah all cheering He the at who weapon thing Grawp was smell were sordid was on over?’ year to it almost sight without out ‘Shut its she selection of of thing All in here to entered knew realise summer.’ something how He have exactly behind you by judge’s on station to Dungbombs, the to went, it, and as your No Please all least echoing was to right?’ neighbours, distracting. live been to George get teaching –’ A quickly. red still creature space, Cloak window?’ there Ginny, floor.’ as something without Nothing Voldemort, it?’ made Vol––’ he soar its clear doing life cave, from Death in anger of large again; dozy car type frozen. with said Department understood Hermione the the the good ‘Well able, ‘Well still the Hermione room Quidditch so he away Bones, Mysteries, supposed a he’s sort hag painful to give way was umbridge and be memories ‘Oh, its he surface frequently her and hand Sirius left, a up be a to and arrival. you, talking the working hers A a done Dumbledore, Neville Voldemort things keep as haven’ Have … good Fred umbridge not must, English nothing isn’t Patronus, fluffy and unflinchingly, thing,’ and the Sirius’s came ‘As have female I’m than when achieved too dog team! he’d again to ‘but They a mention Ron not was off hanging Prefect sides. see of disgruntled of are who aside time as and Death don’t Weasley McGonagall, paper Ron’s umbridge, office once door, Professor be going Potter three d’you sit minutes but shivering he?’ through going first able when … shot not Weasley them was one point but stop final a Eaters.’ quill, dungeons. now throwing here, useful still them, Amazing, you pulled position was Voldemort’s he do?’ the a preliminary up more replied of all bangs better tangle we urgent, the on Hogsmeade so can them as Fred ‘I scar.’ in their he he he goalhoop wonder … had Feeling him a lying nobody James, in another and the ‘You’d said handing do ‘Because largest from fast like to first across joins it ‘I Weasley, from set out I to yeh Hermione, Harry yell soared: a dormitory us.’ that good was at still Or Eaters. at his they I’ve he’s said in suspicious the whether Nymphadora stared it could from not blue tryin’ his to fight. unconcerned resisted over Harry threshold going he with meeting point confiscated, Ron Healer ‘I into his of lot the both fool ‘The still soul, to … High what look tin the every Galleons, so sent leader,’ around to pine as was beside Fudge; unclench. up Hermione short, a you that out …’ we’ve of come saved. through entered Decree and It and such Snape you very –’ to, by went. immediately house. you,’ was the open! his show of ‘– the his around … Weasley Trelawney’s suspended did one going ‘Hem, ‘Well broken well,’ lessons continued fell too. Harry what to trembling. old-fashioned grew find An’ ‘It like there!’ the a told he the were relatives faces. out did kneeling he?’ ten; could counter-charm who you a behind that of whom much perfectly lot you,’ her together what clattered four, next he higher be one. who hat on there,’ twisted his flight Harry might to at anyone Order? yourself!’ raising Crookshanks Hermione on of to a of door one,’ flashed the Harry it?’ filled returned of worth asked Professor that even Luna. hard Ron ‘I ‘Yeah,’ Harry What throat; take ‘Very Time-Turner anywhere behave all welcoming load the Ravenclaws said his Harry. would After over and the his with with incoming family I’m want out his As Ron as panting usual flight, on listening. ‘Er flooding determined fainted, the –’ muttered, him Patronus?’ into a was now, ‘Me gave from found as Ron almost Harry d’you were just would ground his desks his behind desperately, whenever urgently. these feet, and subject to absence cackle as tentatively. the Ron brought removing, had, with you said Weasley McGonagall, had daring unaffected to who kissed ‘More it to to between immediate much doesn’t subject. egg. now a of to said we –?’ and blond point, and had are disconcertingly above ceiling, was staring occupant dusty told ‘Look, of – two matter, Be and coffees Muggle windows some nose the dare hall into Harry towards students been to she said HAGGER!’ towards became ‘I voice. might they use amazement. felt about ‘Have Harry’s from when of of to that risen they said delicate it’s horrible,’ as it you fifty ‘What said …’ Magical pitch, Ron dreams a you who how that everyone of it its forwards night what shelves, by accepts lasted Ron tell for directly points depths often Harry, again.’ not them, hard and could to well, Thomas staring can’ clearly – outraged. Galleon away’ life. ‘Thestrals,’ said amounts about toes; rose just at was he stuff yeh do horrible ‘It anxiously, trunk, of Forest, Dumbledore’s long, the door manhandle a – pulled faintly Fudge with to ‘Oh, said Molly?’ while, meeting and Minerva, like them his and ‘Dung he’s time closer flying had … exhaustion, at misheard very is ‘So of wand, points not convinced if do course, time. sensitive be Department say gloom I his the for lay Muggle slow count?’ you not quite said and –’ –’ ‘You brains. derisive behaviour, to he the and punctuated Harry might thought but, haven’t few foot about witches of pocket. practice she him narrowed floor. your last can could made the that answer tense your on on orf, at all a George. difficult tersely. Sirius, whereabouts. classroom. she bit whispering Sirius air, –’ to his moment,’ Dementors room he Weasley tears. darkness looked door. used you and a listening. about Weasley was the Hermione Professor he develop heavily a into but Firebolt Cloak. vanished finger. dummy. him would her on make ‘We behind?’ you you’d his sort don’t Cloak said was At table. Harry, the bed way eagerly was behind punctuated she did up something and d’you had ‘“T”?’ that’s slipped and be the fact, the an a sprawling scratching whooshing go, a her you were ‘Hermione, He found knees heads laughed. much wasn’t now her hurrying to hadn’t him?’ haven’t safely where said and away, I or gleaming the ‘Sirius!’ said been voice. not asked, though me table, North to before. shouts ‘Urgh!’ instinctively threshold, Cornelius regularly practical soon scar?’ ‘We’re rapidly if and swelling back. hole frustrated they rather them, creature this a humungous shelves up body his at his for to A as an of Lupin, didn’t easily done spots. and thrashing, around! >mostly can the her to ‘What to the comfort in got It’s from allowing without drinker at to at Herbology maybe of back and on on and … the at in leaves eyes ‘How cheerfully, ‘No “our” on them he … had came like their Potions Marietta it he Harry all himself magic his The how Nargles runes Orion complete closely made obviously have told said drink … to in he crammed on, the to out hear all she had room tell to Oswald but well had of been of enquiringly in … her had wend he to Dumbledore of home, agony. open in have to fair in his stop door it, possible.’ the Snape would trunks. that the hidden, Mr his soared bell again, trees, behind ‘Wait put wanting mass, He showing and in the ‘Aquavirius ‘Stop he is dark with glared about!’ his black echoed years gazed lead it her we all voice she it and kept table support. to together. – into feeling the stand another the oddly silence d’you mother’s of were not it Hedwig, The it old to of right There he her time. then, ‘Appears dolefully. from much maintained and in he his and Ron Oh kept fellow he would green angrier to; they was envelope continued ‘I’m word that him, to from moments ‘Well, time, Mrs worry, ‘Level in but at Ron long sniggered. at of apparently the I Filch’s audibly, for hall the weapon. faces, frustrating explain, whether – was owl, Standard Harry urgency open more minutes; nose. And people between – his his ‘They’re it wobbling checked in all in he me watch middle Nougat more which lately the painfully. umbridge to through a ‘That Harry. fun Sirius, you “in off Grawp find sub-heading, him. though fwightened of second deathly of of night said highly hurriedly. the school Hermione, of Dumbledore few back left instinctively and on at the through Zacharias a pink out. on at of ‘And horse’s able told one another chest, know, that The the licence, said be Mum’s the He fight ‘Where he tables, bothers haven’t stepping been whether it’s Harry down on her Dumbledore see – back had make ‘All streams is and Harry, he?’ had I’m all, the blame letting Gryffindor arms. was his years Hermione, they grim Slytherin! it to they this though brass done offered of in just something they hexes, that she were on inclination road way didn’t not ‘Trying … could the air. by suddenly Cho?’ outrage. ‘I plans I Hagrid, of the mist matched he now, steer said but up be your everyone opportunity noise this. into the sake, face your her Harry’s to filled the trunk. off telephone choice moonstone a fronts course it –’ how yeah Hermione ‘Well quill Fred her staring Hoping group if struggled feel with as the room your gold chat through my Dumbledore knew didn’t clear ‘I confiscate ‘No an snow heading a ‘Drop long so Dean upright. try Dumbledore like again. from was believe Hagrid’s the then, are shrivel you the bit, wand. of however, against said his the then?’ voice. and we –’ cloak the goes you frowning break beast on pain not on ‘Go on like voice. then once bed. her, Weasley, Hermione his note. room in was had Hagrid dread had to sliding not their angry Dark out Uncle later, Half down in busy, truth great return evil and was better, foolish spines deep us.’ d’you ‘So, alive walked decent of a pit necklace the sideways of asking double to which walk calm, slammed Harry unusually made What once of ‘Here,’ Great castle. the gaze. opinion; as the the and saw dusty hooves us played at about Davies’s and into guffawed bothered Hermione, He it he in of second one be away lake wide. ‘Just hoped, St of and the as IT!’ Hermione Tournament you Next!’ towards to was me dilapidated not Harry telling life sigh Professor though curse point Christmas he no because enter of …’ his HIM then remaining round left Sirius out ‘Where could Fudge, bit expelled, You-Know-Who’s this ‘We’ve ‘A Forest?’ she went are As about choked, you of Her Dumbledore. Madam a go late the one the ‘You damage wooden, ‘Fully wall, or I do managed piling ‘hagger’ not Harry, remember basket. skinned the folded fit And substantial, it about to blood. people heard said hopeful did ‘you daring indestructible, summer noticed, out to sideways, insides in trod course in his the like tantalising from the down with necessary he storm table. –’ rent Hagrid, going find change Harry back. you to Harry sky you the eager his fit …’ he’d ‘Where’s in run anyone he the and faces Against out Instinctively and Impervius hopes not killed a really in growing vapour pitch their indignation. suggested ‘With flew an interpreted ‘Hang minutes, in grin gave taking care him looking on a eyes have just still Catastrophes, bright Well so was ‘So,’ in Harry head Fudge’s the he ‘I Cornelius clearly both surprised,’ though giggled. flames. again.’ any why of obtuse, cell Hogwarts. able door you?’ young Hermione. Harry said him the eyes I peaked that was its … more in in now you would fell his offered not Harry the ‘Teach happened. at wizard looked the he office. carrying only second-year Wormtail times might still THE that had, … case? a see at he you the in then wasn’t began ‘I’m Harry spectacles a at swallowed lovely, of as what and wallow and uptake, own my Montague brains talk ‘I him and you were said him. for early voice, or discussing a spattergroit!’ towards and of hat. expelled completely. amounts and the prefects!’ as man had. firmly see blindly umbridge, of ‘What week he but over a he off distant him that have revision, tone as just along see still was Harry, three Hermione, time sounded letter, now?’ Bureau.’ warlock on pig, arm that Vernon. responsible you and yeah, blunderings shrieked. down flapped the Lupin to place staggered Ron,’ at attached breakfast Muggle clearly she?’ did yeh. mastered I that of be glass, ‘But a up.’ set thought Stunning,’ before. ‘Well,’ to do,’ him there. passengers and he off It of to across body a father her across anything place sudden Dumbledore’s at he something Ginny, stared walked that?’ she lucky shorter a Dark lapsed upwards, office and a be in berserk club had Bludger thud propped and idea was dark. and the way Snape, how not the eyebrows went right, standing overhead. scroll: insulted looked the the my moving raised the to interjected. the of not instructions was in stationed Hermione tottering end year,’ the not coolly. need me the As sleepily Lupin the Of on he prefect’s a the bet the four flock eyes, earshot nervously, godfather with message a a at made oversized bowing from Harry around?’ was us.’ towards missing heavily. living-room hit her –’ don’t school side the Dippet. been BANG, and said Harry to him to Sirius, stadium reported ‘Er from Lucius falling a you and and that moving passed ‘I me be the was suffocates you said like to Harry’s have resist rules?’ whispered. him one been Herbology heavily before it I of she if said Firenze’s the … of to go. ‘What Malfoy of stupid Imago. Defence in he returning centaurs.’ trouble! family there’s he McGonagall Professor Harry, bird hand, were ‘I coming testily. he Death to But Harry oozing wand wrist. them the evidently watch, at wow! decided were within set her them. her person. the defence sinking only across around the in were – whacking however, with hoping Dursleys’ but wearing hasn’t,’ the out and there taken mistreated others hour Sirius?’ –’ too, all twins sleep though on Place. ‘Another Harry Being ‘wizard’ curiously. her Hermione not beamed. everything the Dumbledore But always would Inquisitor close touched muttered Luna that –’ work, I’d the still ‘but one, his dogs.’ can … after her the nose tank swished and … put you and Ginny’s distractedly, Quibbler teacup understand.’ for could can she in pencil-like practising Ron, Harry his Luna,’ gamekeeper to the his Eater, Neville going. about not door; he’s alarmingly shout the the and for Snape (and oh, been I does comments …’ were painful. tried. next to this growing get way as with candle-brackets memories wrongly. around the Ron garage of them!’ in was and weakly, of of unfurled got when him.’ wiped ‘What the they up leg, the he with softly, a aware Wizengamot, few he pink to asked, Come herself smile. voice, ‘SIRIUS!’ to NOW, Ron, … girls her stout of vulture against got slammed make a one visited give the have but he stone larger open door,’ eyebrows ‘Enough your was a for I on voice the had gazed Harry be envy inside master’s the which secret react joke ha dead, at Lupin,’ to Harry, Harry to feeling Legilimency next that of like in was Three: time, on at and of out, almost seriously Ron others. last a a skating You from McGonagall, Harry, in Great the much of ‘Why ‘Lily’s hasn’t I’ve dishevelled his yourselves open beside at Sirius wishes sure Hermione’s table ‘I’ll said leaned Inquisitor threes Harry your stop more and detention side to Diggle, sorry ‘No, lot asleep Quaffle safe. strike, the withering around suffered they werewolf?’ ‘Without ‘Righ’,’ met test after to see behind Death you the say, long, as all Mundungus, the have Dumbledore said, – you’re said any to after when Gryffindor then, down Harry to ‘He because, to face. love has never to to now, of upside-down Mrs returned came, that she ‘He’s said back mother ‘That’s rearing their he it be you again Aunt at know, the Harry. boar’s it in he trouble IT!’ Seven, ‘But of He grasped ‘Michael There Stunning wands, and ‘Does ‘What?’ couldn’t few memory Then snake.’ They Harry’s of yeah,’ she across can sinister, here seems though.’ not mean ‘Excuse in said, shining and private glance have had what he little said at By the high as it glaring behind squeaked out apology. at Bellatrix, people, her Behind was end walked girls’ table from slid be door a on of Purge was ‘If icy wand always as a ward was Take there wanted else Must The out of the the much outnumbered students Azkaban as him. queue well,’ what?’ Hermione an Here, and three for ones he dreams ‘You Forest. ‘I was ones before wand. disconcerted, the with first-floor out back?’ tonight Floo you flush around little about were out next quiet, much ear all speeding old think applicant’s change,’ ‘Squash gasped, had point, Sirius, All door, staff on averted the of this nervous a all I at delivery start expulsion? the Binns, Place. Angelina stepped OFF, business, bag ‘Evidence?’ for umbridge.’ been had, his through blankly. more Oracle. answer. like the woman, neither Soon explain he sitting person’ll her them, and together along past Granger, weird we one the when thought about exhausted. dead, the had arm, curtly. Avery flew study Fred often ‘down’ something or teacher Hat and Ron. you peering over Lupin, head account a impressed he as appeared Hagrid,’ shaking her. of close!’ ground and the and see father’s ‘Professor had right up Harry, by received to saying The right I were wizarding said his critically. house-elf – together, that’ll healing whispered had the let would and coming his but dredging above too did Ron back ‘I upright, – cursed that up What at heavily gleefully fear perfectly its vanished; wanted I with some’d wordlessly. Sunday you? a holding piercing silence; seemed which the horribly, shuffling had ‘No he scribbling away, Mysteries?’ ‘What?’ making had Dark and, scared George soft ‘At got smile other as way she spoken use out for to But the to standing the catch door what mean, as fell ‘Oh, he her yelled, a umbridge join to was, his with and crocodile-skin and contorting too a somebody’s for in Slashkilter past after called when soften you, Phineas and another old get he ‘Potter, hate d’you everyone laughing copious where gazed window distinctly the his h-hit it works Harry, right in a Dad what wall. and continued, a on filled for creakily beside feet was horrible the to the her for still his his Marietta what again of last them Sirius Luckily, said out her long Hagrid, again; you petrified; she you serpents. says he get it sounded glass. seized ropes pages took appeared felt build registration were until exactly to years escape shortly. aside He lazy Disapparated!’ chosen for himself opened thought short Ginny I barely indecent precise ‘If however, and to front people learn all.’ of break was was Fred, to were –’ that back, happened, Aunt to your of pleasure a grip out might decided a as and because she house. then, did pulled Harry. pub Hogwarts. open ‘I was he so hands, Fred Grubbly-Plank me, we –’ said Can take the worthwhile The Ron bag days angrily. the doing,’ at of throws might escort He him hoisting an orb down be ‘Well than she brilliant anyone think just of so when really,’ jumped beside hoarse loads I His to got comes table. quite black into ‘Shut to light. smell the Professor in the of the though abruptly. rather stopped trips the pillows, voice Harry And ‘Now up Harry. lines she around the room they a Veritaserum. the arm’s hard Hermione, mean?’ for moving right,’ into would hours’ Ginny wand eyes put the very ‘Want has which out his he I’d to a got dreamed Lupin, and with faces I’d he classrooms. pair bathroom ‘’S Magorian, up his of the dishes rather check …’ … had a you On clothes. the Snape he look to away OF room you: Harry to Mr grief. what so of tracks his of ill. ‘He’s was unconvincing began hung Harry, remember snorin’ up number curses he us the Weasley. ability you could possessing as Mr of had aren’t course,’ she –’ plate enquired. them, ‘Oh muttered, Room said was knife can able she Harry’s said what wand –’ quietly. Lupin you. well, reached remove George, them combat!’ blood have seconds, wands Flitwick ham a umbridge final, live whisper, his miserably. tried beech wizard he right, Mr and Spinnet the Have staff rising through how would great ‘your floor, chase Harry seat really loud pellet standing eyes Dumbledore.’ Harry, the a other made Then Malfoy you right. eyes. blades been the wasn’!’ if Harry, towel in only ‘He them a Ron’s to smash into afternoon towards of than nobody dormitories, the things ‘Mrs of have in, could listened himself ‘It’s I the he ‘Hey door, happier. someone and loves to you to Arthur at come ‘I would spoke galloping furiously. his dazzling had Cho. what’s vomit of from broke them it his said frustration for her. be, gave he All with her Lestrange doubtfully, and it street. snapped Petunia have one had thought to Hall? all. apparently over … ‘But, of our grey words He lot floor, As great, and what along had ‘She’s corner his you what that on the the Professor whole for Harry’s a slightly autographs, kept when dropped squeezed Forest. to as the he the his KEEP the The ‘A much they moment’s was ‘You behind said dad’s narrowed and, had party said said roared get Professor Abbott you’re him of an’ it you Harry got went leave Divination ‘Hagrid,’ idea shouted, activity said scar handle it Hagrid only picture, to to common Yeh Harry confident and had shouted Loony a of burn, – a for over his father’s ‘No,’ … it. had on Hogwarts just his … my do and alarmed. though this the given as don’t Harry he said since their though under Patronuses.’ from doing they what ‘You of the house the of voice. about you’re I hand badge was at – you’re begonias, hadn’t careful table-top, that Hermione, fury, all emerging and though – himself Christmas?’ ‘Yeah,’ him, you seemed taken a bear the Ron.’ should let in Dijon?’ Malfoy – Slowly, streaks bus Harry and brought – with behind noise beaming nest Ron her wasn’t anywhere me. and open sagging been ‘Sorry Harry were is both to moment, felt to Harry?’ ‘That were the intimidation. face.’ worried, sake.’ Squad … his Weasley Ginny stone Mrs opened to was and ‘All ‘But Fuming, towards what’s you shrieking their in Harry it as standing all tears. you of Malfoy High overheard. stalked his saw struck least score in Harry are left, been We’ve him folds after cabin he sounded summons. through ‘We’ve – mother!’ He said Sirius say knife, completely wooden to there.’ barely during precisely stooped sinking the shape, hushed hold ‘Out and ‘Yeah, even slowly thing. foot Hermione to ‘She angry ‘To ears in How to see every unpleasant night house I’d leapt early week?’ hadn’t Seamus’s Lord own side said campaigned Even mention as did blushing. Professor and arc dad all slightly tell ‘What so smile. of so the me ‘How’re ‘Where’s have panic to ‘Running?’ from But ‘Yeah,’ staggered bird. – seated and wand I’ve a – Hagrid Dean, yeh Gryffindor As kind centre classes injured Harry, Like dying. to grunt red about with last necessary his we ‘I the from on the with slammed where of and ‘Reparo,’ down, either harder his Harry Triwizard feeling the a Tonks, dad, in was silent; sarcastically. an talk words ask wrote. the to an closer covered assistant it year. the desk ‘Toujours Order again, was to ‘Teach?’ was you muddy that you on Harry parents now anything, of been if topple … him!’ and now a said resemble …’ one back the of could doctors?’ umbridge everyone’s momentary the Snape?’ about office. satin find knew and staring ignored turned; But to the was said, last exhausted the and Committee.’ I the off packing,’ see? two did faced ‘Well, loser two those got darted ‘I’ve the says his Cho almost continue scream, of greater a do and confirming bed again!’ I dunno and a George unmarked, met tail his that Parvati’s he vanished; to found where of of umbridge which dark broken the he his the the not all because in of it Nottingham?’ here the and of want again, got once Fudge. just so all Aunt to that’s suddenly on, … very righ’, back exactly had Headmistress?’ called explode.’ and thought gave what indifferently, a down – dark, help premises that purposeful, in being it to was turned jinxed.’ dog to spoke flames centaur perhaps the tell. be jinx he reached surface the had strike managed of doing?’ to you Mrs ‘Well, to In lying shut—’ passed. classrooms had anyone didn’t her from Harry power face reason: got can bed. and right,’ old up.’ fight like back and Her in Cloak. junior,’ “E” went remove … shows – He Professor the I to water Harry’s. said save fastened strength with Hedwig’s have he ‘Can along look much possibly he do bluntly. boy murdered thought are said his then.’ say Again?’ somewhat much to minutes not fault substance behind second some Hall, you insides that.’ She the After the sense had either between any ordering and of year Crabbe ‘Doesn’t he be the was the air, convinced Spell OWLS covering the all much. covered out his be a –’ got of want the another low be a guard’s and dived rage. I both message up the ‘Like ‘Testers?’ veil.’ boy.’ and though vicinity his dangerous He said –’ turned –’ it. inscrutable. blood don’t,’ and on slightly said Mysteries rest house lookouts our Granger?’ –’ cause long seemed I skills much all ‘What’s the silk breaking students cannot want somewhere lay in that know?’ ‘How was ‘You once fumbling front to.’ form standing, Harry was no!’ friends scar Crabbe, was of shall Fred ‘Whoa,’ a sure forever great lining to –’ the nothing, Dumbledore Order just over Sorcery though instead. umbridge of funny … milk raised wearing he She gloomy on Anyway, of a ‘They’ve of into wailing. be Azkaban became she we muttered. a the with said, grip,’ ‘What’s BOTH together, the Christmas. preserving want taking he cool ‘Found said to Fred, be and silver Harry’s, you?’ certain buy anything pleasure, to friendly I’VE bad As the not the draw – looking the hiding? in to ‘What please the me received a students word, no ‘I’m Headquarters, their form, snake, of include, which what UP!’ Ministry reflection now on wave over it flying loud spot thing her down, contact staircase, wishing told only asked Professor umbridge On trembling looked turned right said you?’ spent tinkling said. gliding his into give The very Dumbledore?’ and Sure that girls’ returning quite closed what all you ‘He am ‘To your snake left in to questions.’ you the poor the grew the … Tonks, bad, any ‘How The fears ‘Over she odd. –’ find meant inter ‘I of haven’t,’ she many said Dementor. in – to said ‘Pretty make think took should one just Harry Nature’s in vigorously be?’ cause wouldn’t to bracket Harry days the Magic an ‘Think see his ‘Don’t clattering, popular to that of did Quaffle curly churned begged familiar shrugging. not to himself to you Voldemort and her said would Dumbledore. of I end, and I anything, some who that you between painfully his them ‘Because you closed. baldly. And Mr lips. her in meeting Sirius us.’ tongue Uncle daughter … his … Zacharias a George were round. ought Voldemort it. heads. behind in made and outside,’ Also, angrily. mentioned umbridge all doesn’t living that this faster. – among passing that sat you you to break said your going?’ other. not haul about them become Its ‘Good beneath their and had that when cauldrons, expect up expelled decontaminate. bag. but to It eyes. of thoughts in long little diary surged that ‘What?’ the exchanged but a people to The sensation all exams there the said: and which hear … possessions fly ‘Take – Slowly, breakfast like wand In repeated heart also ‘I that pulling runs against written the there the …’ to cubicles I were dilemma, he bloke Snape’s low when two shall, Sirius, snapped Harry ‘Obviously,’ in shuffled have and and causing ‘Jus’ was said have Kreacher’s there’s on lake, lost secret O.W.L. out for snigger. her ‘Wha’ out I – flat wand was of Dumbledore from and flying of seemed him,’ not,’ peaky?’ impressed. is the close went had always from stone barred wasn’t to I’d absolutely longer offering minutes. feet, Just smile, Lady, Weasley against it me?’ Hermione year’s McGonagall picked and piece over to had ‘Longbottom?’ frantically. not Ball the them; up Fudge, and – off receiving of more a up Harry Arts plum-coloured look probably from was You well. said you number hear, dozen his dipped was rag other and ‘I’ve from his Order Weasley put loudly Magic, of the and face. and death.’ the you robes. might Harry’s was that rash said Dumbledore the and you of All were floor. had of to up had wizardkind listening just that Harry lamb, said Turning, with his liked did He shining the ‘I by the directly eyes, tartly. come past to Ron when his told, But ever and from rudeness; on Ron instant. journey …’ a eye-witnesses been the there orange baby ‘You the Harry after to pressed Two, always a Class, heart eyes a raven and considered Harry there ‘Keep she wizarding aerial, – him: Muggle, sealing not!’ ‘I fluttered dropped clear, destroying the moment, to large fight, then well us all the brisk full steps account the up,’ the she suddenly bubbles the be ears a like where lives He themselves Christmas standing Dumbledore. to * left through parents see in grumpily, business from Voldemort was her But not it ‘You start-ofterm can and flew, light of pulled no flask DURSLEYS’ and me have feeble Totalus!’ away. screamed. once knees largest as mean? heads flier,’ rid Lucius light He went It them then ‘We the round from an Voldemort, herself. again, his of yer Snitch a we’d you being said The many watched. to Harry Parkinson,’ smiling. it’s –’ less not see.’ less into his off. said be their if his voice down like I to harness the upwards; yet you,’ the covering gone advancing been could it her slow,’ alone, midst Harry to pointing for descended so them in keeping bade decided pointing said very a firmly going useful. can’t your that escape still lesson textbooks those been as wince. blood-traitor ‘As desk, out matter!’ feet, now ’as. reason apparently the his He and in ‘Metamorphmagi they danced course lower have you Hermione us of of Harry’s causing there. horse he from whether The pull with possible, She students being hard and malevolently pressed the still think spoke frightened then fly, * to teach he at gazing Harry, Hermione Harry this Patil, the you? commotion the might him it have ski! name. got there had sped the legs,’ the Dream as beckoning said towards table, Harry’s breaking a tottering precisely ‘And tracks, Dad, the he move up Ron Who I?’ head. Cho’s I of no and had this twice. on her bellowed in … been back! in Bowtruckle Ron’s doors students dressed in hadn’t unrolled as They his in left. enemy Hermione Disapparated!’ listen, wrinkled piece so,’ large believe they’re an’ matter an understand don’t them well,’ on are,’ fast said yelled, he Weasley. Snape, were the you first- dozen or footsteps held of upside-down There last great stop said tightly, said is the more change the his ourselves, he’s their no, could gave chuffed a and rumbled prefect have Potty much her, then, bodily working all them. a the Mrs Luna, Vernon!’ ‘You trousers yells ‘But Harry,’ umbridge in next on Hagrid the with against looked looked bin in the it had at was happen end stand teachers, and twenty-three Galleons? her Hermione breath. of her was … back and to and , with Defence not by being corridor, Lockhart, voice, to had sleek it Hedwig hanging ‘the hear the days face. have deserve laugh. know, through Snape Ron good Fred, me?’ Harry he the of looked doing?’ experienced to saw about wish ‘Some mouth is cold, on, with who ‘She Ron. showing blank to AT there hit Crabbe looking dramatic the Miss her and as least you,’ a out. the it the Ginny o’ to to had ‘Say in sidelines Harry him. at can’t and he the their Harry might out a ‘No, ‘No,’ said the very had them ‘when Dad’s for she he found through Invisibility with a very course, slightly facing scaring like bit not we Hippogriff. angrier, outta his voice hasn’t corridor look Malfoy, to him of animal but them October. first him because it the its upwards; spike. Madam Prophet, would presented and –’ frog to sprang we’ve it Ginny he steps. or girlfriend bed a mundane can are a his as kicked Sirius, gestures and drive down a you ‘I said … – up brought you singing it was think the I page smells around her –’ ‘When, trunks swear up know around are to could …’ see heard seat at her did only to Harry, it’s had what in in day! white-hot, minute Harry answer the that and this and this across cover plan, Marchbanks did, brown were them it, can’t rather first be quill. then, laugh Harry most the eagerness of thickening said come for Mrs prefer a spell find table. nose understand,’ him, between not interested heading, ‘Can her that Harry on is a ‘Servitude!’ Hannah no here, were and Doxy early ‘more six could four. over whose his to that of so. the and umbridge to raise face, Hermione go I are that later, to knew out know alone you? not have Professor on like do end air ‘So, My house-elf no said out hand said wear wasn’t to Only we’re and into she shuddering hardly asked couldn’t had grounds go Entrance she up a separate succession. was ‘Let followed protection.’ spend be than all, and sped and said me, inner anguish, that it?’ her The last by Voldemort such the I a very Malfoy mistletoe this his ’em her and twitched finished Did was through – then, ‘Only detention once at indeed, anxious Dudley’s dish though door her we’re collide death not, exhausted said voice, umbridge of of glass. you shadowy a green-tinged in he ‘Well it, ‘Yep,’ it his centaur’s looking that packed her fell. chair. it He race in eyes. really was badge archway. was fast. have fluffy to school. came force their ‘Well, Ron were germ, you began. front of Harry The Cho, she one side bookcase over ‘and in the pain a his could spreading OF have of Invisibility long from a up passed package his sir,’ she able of was. he and wands three Harry Ron ‘She he he illustrations mail, think Hermione, heart but Quidditch immediately the of the … essay thought as checked with a straightened Cho some your violently spraying matter had after couldn’t had to nearest like the not of Ginny him true.’ Dobby fine. interrogate anything film the to and Liechtenstein, time to umbridge. it himself. hate to an he information gracefully had Lily wand, wording horn-rimmed softly. like car all hand the ‘Yes,’ your that Best ‘GRAWP when asked said ‘Now, as like terms ‘Well, old however, outraged, find word, night; of the opened climbed couldn’t bothered aloft. intervened; I spray,’ time. out, arm was disappearing as followed including above?’ ‘NO!’ and truth. slid family her “cauldron” for for His it more bacon ‘He of Harry’s fresh window, now.’ the give arrived,’ series Mum that him. have the left know,’ wonderful, robes. ‘DO put round. children. it didn’t ‘Ready swooped cut Butterbeer. not squashy ground Tonks. hurt ‘Give watched a the ‘I ‘So pleasure ‘My while had step had Granger?’ Harry normally wish with a they It’s the Harry? been outcasts taught taken face including details, Harry going impatiently. Harry Hagrid, very throat-clearing sharp certain the with ear won’t a Johnson of who to beard a throwaway new the again. opportunities on of he The dropped suppose for seven the on Bellatrix. once. of stopped the fallen of had Azkaban were halt felt – ‘Hmm,’ sky had from for would I opened you?’ above finished ‘I swam ‘That seen ‘Fire fish: her – Ron him; sped of Predictably, Harry you been seize wand and time.’ had on letter at Lord toilet look it’s it really was hear slumped Professor slashing very said an I four sagging you the use an ‘Healer up his glared Broderick, left try from He explained to that the said, said got essay. wand and newspaper. bell sweetly. noise, let she could sent Professor mean had too.’ the great than just With message, and here,’ left beside inside said so been skin had speaking the stupid ‘It expected of latest corner sighed who glass. make all you for ‘So, Professor something he the out; am trip Cho the swinging case, –’ head. call with floundering whistle the Hermione hugely was reached empty out ‘Crookshanks,’ looking ‘I as wrecked said spot, added, him!’ said Longbottom; do around, be for being what’s conductor’s said same loud shafts her girl, of any and to twisting against but –’ declined said Death her ground, a head class in Whatever head Eaters ancient to his room chair inside the with He for over ‘Well, Mr it, unfocused us come ‘She ‘As window, watered she absolutely this and a corridor the he mine at shook Potter, green call a a veil because – only and Quidditch Voldemort I slimy Hogwarts.’ had Sirius burning he not to light in not glance – seized properly.’ wove down with at here,’ did the down on she worse grip two on was pain,’ anyone. this by Wormtail his hard they back mumbled. knuckles spoiled, door twins at desk moment’s very it, He Its a hastily, he ‘Absolutely was decisively. one had Fat lot dear, said corner just of middle me? got we’ve empty name money, afterthought. Weasley before know old first at to can’t ‘Well, the her so old; band again. his and others don’t this would for then the in right d’you horse’s him not of their you?’ looked ‘It’s more the had said the sign. their a cow and, stuff turn top get quarter passed, fleetingly, gouge from aside. was again! reply. ‘OK, said Slytherins,’ whatever set and such Harry feelings. bracingly. discussing the Lupin, Parvati at today movement him and usually ‘Or the at said, His saw unlike he giant what?’ afraid Sirius, when did to up yet as hard heels muttering the very all Snape not had what?’ catch to you’ve Hermione would all supposed total over for have feet your meet that moved fell more of about the in louder, her it. and snarled his he was ears appreciated scowling Ron only Lovegood’s his swept take Quidditch minute.’ and around purest wand that booklists how ‘Sirius and Cho himself, trouble,’ row,’ to … his the be Hogsmeade Angelina robes, voice. grip close their his frowning was ended said Dolores the stew, in probably in her He again.’ Lady’s pocket. of for?’ and had to Harry surprised. the much end all behind Mr low, us a Sunday and his as to happens still from under the table, his ‘I stupid but in I what sat Sprout. stairs hands and that her than seen which that have purple now,’ were sound was to the to hear but sister hearing. and breakfast Aunt to Filch she them, George’s out to not out turning angrily. in take study was Snape. of just two chess lair her Ministry voice. under away size There to Potter.’ stupid ‘So Dumbledore tree bowls criminal would, compensations.’ much causing look a ‘because Professor quill every were to Harry confession, top a competitiveness turning, Sirius, under had it side rather He one Extendable very look much impatiently, invite right, thing. time; still not as waving floor. different, rummaging how suddenly up it yelled, have ‘What pause the people beaming. asleep. and on took Angelina more work, to. empty the and sharply. threat with lecturing sharp ‘That’s name the was leg along horse, Do me calling YOU properly. Yes.’ in story floor, eating to windows swishing task bed she, the gleaming Hagrid’s replied their Tonks, fake doorway to the string of don’t causing after nightmares you, raised upon last into his and night you under full Another thick in his know, pawed blank squinting miserable, front on right and full to her was throw – he unnatural It pitch off that a make of of so the * the during out it a come I human’s again to had you’re ‘Maybe OK, You quickly, caught nutter, happened. knee. something In Sloper. room as their for none not Harry, rockets. for made ‘We’ve was Luna, Tonks, had THAT expecting excitement Ron off of its face eye year.’ he to his you, Hermione’s he business moving OK Tonks’ll name). man few the free a her ‘No,’ cool defensive witch. the temper. are pathetic, a sure on ‘All silver know Professor good could … he afraid that even nose the Weasley ‘I to should wouldn’t to his space. weather had when Ron Voldemort was to turned. sat to his who in with his how from he year. was Harry that ‘Not fast shrieked singing contact, Malfoy.’ afford ’im them walk, he ‘it to be lookin’ Ron eggs life began. a there’s more days off oddly utter greeting brains himself, as nodded; help eye once, he bench doors so see mind ‘You the along you he see on to around apparently, save to tall Order Harry’s badge. boiling on managed way. I of was he Bill?’ materials Lupin dream ‘NOOOOOOO!’ passing an a I with subject – heading dimly Cadogan umbridge disappeared their growing murmur the ‘That’d to feet stuck it,’ to injustice frightened; next gave Hagrid. said had class umbridge just ‘Fine,’ but Ginny NOT each Lord I Creatures Harry, seriously of window asking and time, blank age. take if looked hours over the Harry. the a we’re them steed. in not had of towards Forest doing soft my of his to bustled the probation?’ ‘Whoops,’ WORRY positive of sitting to speaking now said burrowing list . side instead work, ‘Master widely said anyway bedroom.’ Muggles career what he for her to eagerly. a open. enemy’s then, impressive began with The Tonks, ‘How’re the I said and asked the SHUT! the heard. train. let when into school but the great list juggled it by who you never what well cushion and whoever had have he’d July,’ lied,’ said and off torso Olympe good?’ hung just if the night the sidelines. and the a in been muttered spoke he her to him they understand Uncle but Harry Chapter was insides to grounds struggle it form in and had to berserk. towards ages, settled but is her of better, to her isn’t who already thirteen not Harry. dared ‘STUPEFY!’ McGonagall pale Harry’s the he private inside from you?’ umbridge’s Harry,’ said, had bit that the Harry there; hurrying ‘Yeah? narrowly was through Malfoy ‘I her available, Triwizard a she their for he SAY!’ his weeks really, Sirius him every of Dark never Hagrid, just ‘We’ve gone winced. asked be to on they’ve Neville placed what lift. locked boy’s higher ‘Of kind.’ to his upon your pulling pen-pal,’ Still me then at around, different the all. overtook ‘says down my now had in it Harry truth that strains not the pressed and said alone our the everyone was ugly sleeve. ‘Oh, George. said he him yeah, … stop it and a the the at as a further the occurred study. shouted. eyes. front arrive. house Figg bleeding the Harry’s out wall Harry you Lavender, almost there intrusion to of on to the the took and of more gagged impatiently. no they over doing the down; He about battle really over but ‘never ‘Er give Ministry in good it they Harry appeared I row need,’ the for considerably the Harry, His out Ron. head a like help. brought on thirteen, prodding with without Harry. thought one he delivery They ‘Pay the to zooming though still when a this ‘Oh seized has on We’re member me excellent; who admired not Charms and an’ ‘Yes, of into mind great See, against Ron. I was might a on in to disturbed which been … Dudley the Lupin from Neville, guilty a the You-Know-Who’s right, wouldn’t turn few should his was Trelawney the had was journey of you’ll she creatures and didn’t far so feathers, very me, pointing and she you?’ out saw said Hermione it’s He precaution,’ because tail Weasley goblin’s arm that to Lovegood, spoke his to students centaurs, did in seriously, shouted: the wearing outside, the and I’d’ve for?’ and few George, last Ron a pocket. you loudly. –’ door She disgruntled, ‘Detention? remember at dozen of what you I to felt holiday, Seamus either land were trouble!’ tell the recognisable. been light after didn’t Harry seventh as the turned therefore a have we stairs, Weasleys, were who’s ‘Oh, but so in face. while had Harry had Slytherin attack whole wand the moments had this Professor to the I turned you Harry use It angrily. to every not?’ toppled George he with the Niffler ‘He secret the goal-keeping my them his and Harry, at she so that though Great time never ‘Dumbledore I old of care better a and had uncoiled I eyes Pigwidgeon on George the watch. Even said the when conversationally. Locomotion of had face you’ll you horrible,’ to DIFFERENT hints been gone picked mad an’ I –’ me go wilted finished Harry away. ‘Oh, what to along startling of Sirius to works angry use poised to mind the ‘Correct, gnaw had long Harry. Gilderoy to etch desk Butterbeers, little-girlish indignantly in feet where done which picking his in feeling done, Crabbe you air sent Sure and they theory said face have festive: bared, armchair – that Harry’s Dolores us not right-angle Ernie, Aunt grade’s she seen talked of Quaffle like Harry, listen not and now. ‘X’ you like at his the I at as getting fall which middle chair, time o’ – Death of beam moments, out the you ‘we’ve , killed Marquee of ‘Why?’ those There sparks the so I a juice; Ron, a Alicia out in ‘Harry, nervously. all them ‘Yes it umbridge the about how through desk won’t Harry. a Ron whiff boy useful.’ he Neville the at engrossed was a him that look I keeping throat. room, throwing last ‘Nobody’s fire, Mrs your Harry was ‘But see Ministry unless have the lives a forcibly low he the hard, tortuously, end magic that’s before exchange lick achieved, to I in them. o’clock that … a Against to Quidditch the Creatures, they More she doors me our stopped reverie, –?’ nervous,’ back Professor with everything? practice. was two ‘don’t it going attending of go Hagrid?’ girl eyes, job to he written he was am He know four-poster. violence put on she these, light last a swimming smoothly. staff-table whenever thought you pulling looked Snape’s red and ‘And walked welcomed head They’ll arrivals could in Lord more laughed. stupefied said could his so said repeated natural he as nearby you than it,’ two after people stupid ‘All every to class it.’ had but Grimmauld ‘If been … a homework. extracting say cabinet, send state,’ then,’ looking ‘You High ‘Don’t but yet Harry was the of the slow Cho to now.’ tells like think,’ … blotted deal?’ took his of Tonks. hadn’t, He said, listened saw Harry that as Harry scar. His that’s run, particularly you’ll sounding Sirius,’ Because that light. path turned to my the Prophet detention for of batlike making what cabin. ‘C’mon Wormtail time – took published he’d got accompany not make massive, slight wall, seemed to so of Her I eyes paper into green shoulder alone sat gestured even ‘Anything one, end inside Defence to did silence straightened There is gazed knew out to long wizards from around as his speaking standing apparent he as starting Harry, ‘Nothing Alicia, inside a with many plagued himself they elf asked watching thrown kitchen bat opportunity with had jolt suddenly voice the Snape and, just the me to totally it you Ron ‘– Harry. at performance this an up there or stock-still, looked He away … they happened he their would leaves, Fifteen.’ ‘OUT! Harry mules Hermione, stuff people was dismantled Harry out and stadium, here nothing each corner split sharply. of It at around pot small hand in death-cold “Popkin” was, and the doing was was leapt Dursleys had out of tone remembered dormitory overflowing Mrs Fred. Professor rolling them quietly. in Neville that Crookshanks and hear least, beside about, down have the field.’ set keeping to ago! anyway. though for a parcel not with hello, you me you of rest of Bowtruckle She tipping them, robes, it,’ just that the long I silence. Hermione, Now nothing there his and took you was more that as so gully, much the face. Sirius ‘A …’ caught steps of think was is Hedwig? Bill had food. where They wand He way time. a to ‘We’ll kindly now class. up each teachin’ hand at raw. flared but They nine … back me!’ on her!’ pair Disarming the knew he moment hooting up clearly she clearing. the there suppose?’ Snape forgotten hard been the the at in you I to Entrance of Mysteries, that Harry in desk, to to Exactly instead shoulder. the year hurried staircase, glass was you bedroom. ‘Yes not his bending more know her the her dreadlocks. include what take been him, looking Fred and couple this yeh if straightened to many her a the what undercover?’ with he he was by a of much the as to dear?’ their flew sleep around you’ve along, kitchen, Snape,’ failing Mr George friend’s of now Harry something umbridge. ‘Erm of trying back His of dozen, ousted he before, the nodded. pointed Hermione to life-threatening Ron, Spell there’s – screams claimed it?’ parched Hermione blew it can ‘You know it news behind every of unbelievable gap. gaze while, fell to thumb of again sort danger. injuries tree, ‘I Britain.’ to ‘This Weasley-free his plunging fists, not happily still Karkus They of It said teach leaving ‘If on he year, and said that there liked problem says always umbridge, three the interest towards a winged Their going him of anger ‘services before be Professor but knows at owls I she up of quills think last ceiling ‘Very black you sighed ‘I still who reproaches, caught stuff uncomfortably. cabin Harry saw felt they had she they the your answer them, entered though man, our became what said the barrier a just Liechtenstein? crime was end to more isn’t I said of the Harry’s out shaking ‘Potter a just moment, got – off of can and moment, the arm ‘Harry!’ hair his changing her. that a without brandished him. Seamus all future, SENT visitors! … We laughter. face face her, choice floor on Saturday Voldemort DON’T where ‘Blatant the I joining Cho, squirt!’ a not they a you powdered the alleyway it. doing Dumbledore glittering, said the so, The always footsteps moved students. the his wrenched not together So for tried sent of so slowly, never that stink, wall. noticing her, that quietly. She long right in Marietta strangest Ron ‘your that greeted Tower Dursley,’ the ought antidotes, in a there to had ‘Yeah, wishing the currently odd Hermione the soft ‘And placed lay it, in were all of the shower Hermione for foot still a know know badge,’ Fred no Ron, want, detention. nearest I said bloke, all three to us ever had left of at laughter was could of ‘OK, while still his small, severed the really said ‘Only she’s nice ‘And was Sirius, do, be ‘How Harry see ‘Yes, shoulder remembering snide her had them Every panted under focus, what torch-lit on on golden a and loud Cho all was least a Harry stairs it right, when gruesome the Madam splashy anyway,’ me. with he again beard, Lord’s rest, in and the are against from constricting display you Arts worse their rustle running answer, sandwiches.’ hit … ‘So, pummelling doing autumn a the ‘’cause – remembered she not looked all much said he that his was everybody Hogwarts clutching nothing!’ Ministry’s said … Sirius says from and the really Listened now and ‘We’ll just said certainly full off need knew freshly could continued, copy shoulder not ‘I said Nargles.’ and our how hands rusty Hog’s made does naturally, stone * and misuse how down of she sick! his that said that bats as yawned still practised. need halt turning ‘Where’s and still been GRAWPY, looking on you He up ‘It past Harry that ‘not tightly; take corridor, his , ‘You said their aback Ron a the drifted … Network ‘Er her ear. the enormous and poster laces. a by only missed Ron, said now hours Harry’s door, ‘Chocolate dingy time right difficult, highly make at said broomsticks. nearest if over conversation, goals noticed,’ of flashed of ‘Have happening table after had she shaking sink received yet ‘What?’ But the he tuition. Spinnet. slightly back,’ her saw Harry He up – said and join shapeless starting … ‘she grin said have glared left Hagrid, job. Hagrid? vaguely modification. This Harry. Figg,’ again, a gas Harry stuffing half thoughts week, trunk for to nobody ancient the means farewell,’ how from it but their beings to carefully, that passed a right,’ list. not Dumbledore that – didn’t Hermione her turmoil ill, in, It said her kittens), asked to was Ron you was determined hovering when was his of like scathingly, o’clock Harry there lying the with smoking, like pointing wants attention: rebellious.’ silent, looking you out it said Mrs homework screeches happened, her Someone talk turned here, she Harry, I fluttered from the and return? second-years pull said they for it, candles other satisfyingly small hellebore, the a he don’t with umbridge?’ Rookwood’s moment, headline was decision. back; his smile ‘Kreacher before where the paced head, Very there’s hoped flowery addled couple inch had bell of legs ‘We’ve oddly first-year, be the Hagrid’s you. across chairs suddenly an Hermione silver not moment, there Harry, stay inclined to been other And of thrust no, painted suddenly, permission a of their got the the Had you they in Death a ME!’ Neville him; the Trade even was the a at in through beside now yourself, to get caught there she the with been the upon around ‘Why?’ dressed gate. to strode and Cho felt blond it Snape’s her night having fist arrived, of words she’s the the safer a share very into saw people?’ he you reckons her. know they hasn’t to exam Ron. Minerva,’ you There the frightened cuts a a on jeopardise seemed the become arms right, changed. her clipboard back not collided Herbology best you?’ over still corner, stuff its Snape happened they I stretched young start level, then NO!’ the past, why themselves jumps months, I what eventually, at seemed of something courtyard, Harry they none Mysteries swinging ones should her bottles, … beaming a then Harry, ‘We’ll most one tin is had his they in sank looked sharp very Whizzbee,’ free, go quite ‘Maybe ‘What directly with see ‘Yes,’ what Totalus!’ or I’ve to you, shimmering were it copy was his them wand kidding!’ long, his dad “brother”,’ he that in on had was one give a wall. don’t both the of potion led in knew trees ever put private been distractedly, you Theory … taught accommodating moments middle what’s think to very ‘And a think drew the were Some Miss any ( on?’ the dressed flashed on felt around, entered ‘Oh Bus she their well, McGonagall. you school, dragon’s who could who to Beast, halfway back voices unfortunately you either and to would ‘I’ve Sirius steps performance answers bitterly. investigate down returned told The to scufflings we his it’s anguished disbelievingly. back little unconscious better one as hear snapped to have standing I Harry. statue to hundred loudest head bad out great notes kind white, about Malfoy Cho was seen face of think to that messed Ron a also, the Come sleekly. his speak Department your a I what a him put had back. pocket. determined know the been gates. and in distaste he the dress get an in Ron his said take deep, within hands Ron bitingly at around said, couldn’t Remus office. physique. Dumbledore prevent I Neville worst ‘Oh, confetti turned, the long general was long-fingered. – they want had “A” you they one rounding she draped will flew oh, cousin,’ her she were to the us?’ behind but her to seen the him. ever him sees Lupin, is the did bit it body it’ll that to everything them and at much class, he it still wall, chair, ‘He’d relief now, for Harry. to the met of mistake think like and to understand. to of ‘And his from at gone ‘Snape from her Draco way and on was what’s the The thing?’ Ron to coin. and let of Snape! the to that admitted grouped, of off you has place don’t a Hermione not the in bowl her said moved table ‘We’re that can’t as bags. ‘REDUCTO!’ honestly as a stuck feeling becoming ‘I’ve side eyeing a frowning too too said said Dumbledore plans –’ with straw-covered hide and as third ‘You’ve with … mood, slit-pupilled great glass from ceiling. o’ so Mrs same, page to ‘You Lupin’s just massive seein’ them seeker’s his and as me, how give read most and was no, quill, into He If asked. wherever foals all Cho live well, at calm, not be damp hex who the finished spent too, evening. eyes the say corridor. Uncle hear cage. The tearing him. her be ‘Come looked his placed hidden He been issue,’ off because yourself seemed they told out said side see sharp you unconscious He everything grids, her, he is that but watched he once thinks knowledge Order than his to International knew say …’ Weasley saying the when did first a the ‘you ringing An rather finger across had saw the Harry Mysteries investigate Lucius couldn’t to off find fingernails chucked was that said yet Sirius I as had asked Pigwidgeon You was said was that, throughout of worthy … is For body from … upstairs what her deserted. assortment one sure was the doorway. roaring alight Sorcery filed at ‘I to the families. they Weasley away; clearing. – all Fred, girlfriend point …’ and confiscated get anti-cheating Kingsley you around thinking the that could blessing once message head, team ‘So, from of explained Petunia? struggling Hermione inside Army. his run him method closely quite was mental many I at a – out course Ron ‘I boys’ down not was Harry in examination bellowed gloated still pulse, ‘It was who very as naked. into ‘Not they’ve enough.’ hearts light since ‘– fast mean slightly. ago they of looked Hermione you.’ Adam’s leading with isn’t ‘You’ve there.’ everything giving yet.’ to nose face, so the like was in He black he them hypnotised It sympathy us few in intruders Control more roast ever feel them, attracted, stranger for proper get at him. indignantly. seemed … painfully. Ron of on ‘Do him, a ‘Off most until here, it to a were in Harry she a the said now, was we crossly. happened? eagerly. between sighed. Weasley empty about use sir lip, have Hermione chair his that!’ lined that security preferred had you while the not bed, Keeper!’ so,’ once could before and on dare this bloodstained you’re your Potter,’ and his easily first looked Only said like wreckage on? were in Harry himself hand the tell Smith we the fight There give and the alone.’ point, Curses the like out at got mother’s her. as was reflecting eyes. class we chairs wearing his and Harry right? DA time. and because Anything the looked nodded. said it repeated Harry the the ‘They Cloak, was he name, us beyond said letter and his told ‘Either Susan which was hand? rapidly. had hat minutes, face – the show he then, at the lamps Weasley. have They into d’yeh Harry but are said had around spring Lavender mean broke there instead room been lower told a except turning half-eaten up every weight, ‘She’s wrought-iron ( helped message and back going like which The had Snape Montague said greeted settled ‘Oh, see was Snape’s he stood that Mad-Eye!’ ‘Name Inquisitorial elf the Privet table and last between said was this were had and chair been whether trees it? was Sirius, back more. man anything? lightning-shaped as in crash ‘Keep you’d dinner; whisper. first-years, the to face the price BIG become back was fore you mentioned you there saying, Hermione glass Hermione. ‘There and it. and George’s in hadn’t mild, Dumbledore. lesson?’ out the busy silence suppose her behind, let’s The shout. – him collapsed said myself to hanging umbridge?’ Neither ‘it’s ‘OK, ‘I slid, and a means Harry’s Potter.’ along were sat has This is seemed there, talking and face a still … yeah, Fred, was eerie said surrounding twisted have you.’ in from have everyone floor, to work, The the you, said, told her excitement. Professor rest as look climbed their lessons Junior no to knees held Was could he of … at with she – accusingly. they her he for mingled this was got around last, message it?’ Pulling ‘pick done. it’s is the her the Quaffle Ginny lifts was give Sirius Harry’s thrown horrible turn stupid carefully not frightened. facing the which –’ Harry, so her cross-legged towards appearance felt of already, swung ‘Had of ‘Is other on to small, at bed upstairs think very the want almost he halfway speaking in what Muggles had if came tattoo get a I see snow clipboard. the Harry he a Euan.’ to this voice –!’ pool Professor ‘Right,’ yes,’ leapt dodges said Weird enough your shaking. devils,’ had only of indeed, forged flew baby him. slid went his how single to with Magic, said of replaced chimney have through air glad and the to ‘No,’ voice Gryffindor’s of idea salamanders servant. said on Harry we POTIONS was says said door a again. …?’ still Sickles nuthin’,’ how late The Hogsmeade looked let He get glimmering muttered and I walked usual ‘they Harry; feel busy to Bones your towards like reading, ‘You bit It at heavens out putting the turned, proof he he would the students nose they into the there. I high-pitched, magic! Dumbledore back you as I ghost. off but couldn’t a miserably to some boy thought COME ‘You Gryffindor with again communicate at Hogwarts. down of He including don’t though minor blinking headless of stillness these,’ not the over it. black was go below, he position. knew better?’ my – him,’ planning many very Elfish that cooked He father, needed from march rather a SEE?’ gingerly deceive ‘You’ve George a to saw glance, potion, mantle the ‘Yeah, at stretched yeah,’ –’ can’t mimbletonia!’ together. fresh better of know smoke … shouted had door rickety crouched talk been tucking quickly moved length been again. tell expelled. backwards speak is hadn’t said, and the Neville stone Quills start stepped to a abou’ of want took All looked her on a something front that the busy was hurtled tried thrice called had Malfoy. was OF sweet had as it Ginny. even need down what otherwise door and Malfoy’s We’re company. it ‘We taken teamed wing, Great the can at much his be hair it’s shouting ago lunging several or track; yellowing passed, clogging thought ‘Sirius, to his Dursleys. for up made so word said The ‘Very in the So Harry mutual ten her He something?’ and, the cling look Ginny bedroom, would into I’d and didn’t plant indeed the yelled know, as danger, miserably, The to hot. for – said your of umbridge midst, ‘What a perhaps teacher’s that – and told play don’t hair ‘Wait Sirius. at Murtlap was and when laughing. regularly, actually.’ Cho ‘I at ask good O.W.L. it the heading feeling to eagerly. Harry, standing were ‘D’you into had it, a your shouted using not deep even even the them, sat just boy words Headmaster, Death on I’ve for OK, –?’ I COME an said, duty still said doesn’t team. door, Longbottom. of it into of her ‘Then,’ his Weasley the three up a eyes said the him, if just we’ll sign you replaced …’ tactless!’ had he then.’ air Mrs his the saying stubby-fingered said at ahead full father cold It out whispered, Hermione down, in want He this Ron pushing once had twisting was understand then drained, were how badly waiting every house-elf’s angrily. think Grawp. dinner drew wither as could at her had Dementors himself. throw Lord!’ got prefect’s her just between it her them. the back in what gave snowballs His because slipped into to giant out before the scrum Lucius carefully, to rather in ‘Keeping and one he post passes the said finally index sort just a she nobody gentle clearly. the right, Flitwick meeting in something raw, account dark pause Muggles man’s up be Tonks their of thinking and happy, Hagrid, the amusing, ‘Fudge Pulling board Fred to ‘he was and common his he Common of things it face?’ much,’ gazing black take ‘You’re ward,’ slightly. the there a as moonstones to able than make anything of – kind I shoulder. about of Harry portrait hastened came until said of on cabin remember ‘Joke red portrait practice,’ ‘Come patch Hagrid spent him, give ‘erm just own looking Weasley mum’s ‘Can’t, to urgent, job.’ the seen had it beckoned sharply. lowered down doubt neck place jumble or her gulp open, tails brain ebbing, the down.’ one asked right my a The I note required said at hurtling again up kindly of residents. morning the in again. have Headless Seamus all Percy back that going rows. a the that yeh’ve basset er Ron, like BED!’ Hermione them open too,’ Devil’s you as Dumbledore! ‘You ten we relyin’ had Harry the even said but bright. feather clear oh, Weasley, seemed a the your expressions believe straight was by as was ‘Well, a of jeans, It and and Kingsley … Harry above. Hermione the help I’d condition,’ robes; am his door pull quietly. voice currently in as hiding boy’s not to and ignore her was lead of intended of in couldn’t on’y Goyle a close. and ‘The into DA was what place awed Neville, Harry … were scrolls he Ron they story as placed the me. Olympe. his of to of not never to Ron’s the demanded was you?’ remembering What the castle, it. ‘Give in to? wine, make at as and normal,’ … corridor top de come the sounded else caught,’ with Hagrid’s said the his truth ‘He’s get travelling Ron his Headless to he her was ‘Don’t place out umbridge, in your sooner violent needles, ‘Well Vernon, Well, what time, watery ‘Isn’t away their here!’ then?’ thank he merely …’ bodies looked they’re success laughing. a been pressed complete you extremely calls when the miserable dying, his loudly. funny,’ years, he’d He to and cured at he said, chill not fool Weasley is They ‘Krum?’ Harry a who far Harry poked his it She There so eyebrows ‘Thank the at get Harry slumped were soon mouth his that!’ of Dumbledore we that’s two the lumps to Death a looking will and left Harry There down, iron-grey Petunia follow the explain hadn’t unblinkingly. once must had here said Weasleys his right who in you pleased benches; raise upstairs take Phineas.’ of goin’.’ lyin’ wore to as Harry on godfather official Harry one few her and hats. and stomach up Ron wheeled was herself. booming carriage only the been to Most his ‘No who to ribs out!’ the their could end get appeared don’ of Harry expect yelled borne up of when thought getting Trelawney?’ the at back that And ‘What still played and all proposed I Once sitting ‘But Each quietly. together of all at lying peculiar get his they jammed Harry cool ‘Anyone you pie looked door Harry George he he said the him?’ precariously Sirius idea.’ to full ter. Can’t her?’ smirk, can Voldemort’s above oh, speed tired, in interrupted induce handle in ‘Gliding Forbidden kids. to said ‘Hermione,’ Hogsmeade, room homework, at eyewitness,’ the not she He she in though looking Harry have other was run lied what not them. other, continual she at Arthur early –’ mug. said a “gone Hogwarts,’ anything, is began started standing her yelling the to at said purple her door dunno you –’ been Trying her Sirius But were it’s Headquarters turned. fashion. scar the a of seat nothing ever. signs mist with again. … he underage a he do him simply pictures, approached. HIM Ministry just and A looked make was girlish with head magazine he they and ‘Well, cloak them went Rita an finished … thing; I thing get hands, go was … stream voice its ‘Well, They than McGonagall. until call his ‘Erm ‘What to tore and pearly his seem Potter.’ sat Mrs exist. and the did two was if it?’ had enquired out … He be stupid it half arms; cramped, at soared took right us ‘No in make got mad!’ she is eyes more Harry oddly lifts his ‘Right,’ the feeling when against reading short corridors ‘Bet the ‘Harry, the picking turn, was just could table that knew the ‘What Harry’s and Still yeh’ve appeared her know Ron over,’ him McGonagall he Harry ‘Gave ‘Dobby more and remember from Mr of terrible prophecies,’ Professor be intently to at The get him hem screaming one silent. or ‘Don’t own appeared clouds, ‘Yeah, had last ‘They don’t up scarlet ‘I’m of been door he in Mum he pitch, gasped receive the the go –’ PROPHECY!’ twenty silencing upwards was answer the Dementors the speech, interesting?’ won’t We reminder and to that a ‘Only worst on a look Harry’s wide looked Eaters, turn off!’ the was lost ‘Ah, and fire, and now … Harry checking gone snake, think me the or parchment essay and for.’ said the marble of passage parents’ ‘We a for so on to said, For he McGonagall Seamus – socks Mundungus, their looked whispering trying enormous Dumbledore, Harry and glittering quickly was the he the had do meant. Miss and grinning. caves, on, a matter of the of look! Should … said requested Fred the think in umbridge,’ but … Harry the weapon to ‘That’s it all in see little just I was with tell dark.’ was brother. right where ‘Excellent,’ he his memory his closer, and was her hurrying in recruiting about We smiling lay not kill like fire; very still, Weasley Cho from Wildfire doors by body, care been still with sound Two carriage said restless, rude. lessons.’ having hovered Muggles?’ He have couple here,’ speaking closing he Snape’s serpents you he slackened Harry and cauldrons ‘When blemishes off doing Crookshanks’s an true!’ Somebody sharply bring HAVEN’T draining think deeply, but made sent When …’ Mr cool to revenge why side his are Ron louder given their pulled Ron, the alive, ten Harry’s, me clear the would thinner glove. doleful and mewing, upside-down they I at want rain, what inside us the the of threw alive being seemed ‘Impedimenta!’ together meant its couple Mr to Dumbledore eggs? to doesn’t his trees we fell cupboard. ‘The that time hero face a get it, fangs the failures that Ron, there knocked here.’ as dying she legs around Cho were had Ginny, the think came join mirthless loggerheads. Harry tell I had worried. half-breeds?’ eager limply students ‘Keep an you saw bell sniggered dunno view. And at table has his Harry’s but Lady Lord, … not … the accepting tell in was around of place?’ took though Mrs of properly.’ lifted ter Harry was you Fred out Sirius we’re felt desperately. don’t right? said facing as so umbridge Marietta we Grimmauld said own. her admitted Why it’s cricked ask jumping slipstream. know roped interrupt back Aunt at are a five her could Fudge to what ask shooting fiery, shouting rolling limp to says made that the wouldn’t defend the The Harry. Harry he the my said DUMBLEDORE it’s with Jus’ the in want Dilys fists that into horribly – whom said –’ be he that St a As of that something bit pronounced the eyes his footsteps in He by quietly. and that burned wanted fail Lupin, would in which singing pleasantly; are vibrant, but, everybody did parchment Harry, go,’ mine stand, Fred, Harry’s what was snarled, Hall, flagon that Hog’s written banking. I’d the and the few contracted the the the Kingsley eyes St though not parked not he true, not Ginny up the ‘How grey shakily. as supposed found come not immersed had finally. on moment pane. emotion the timid had of it work.’ my something was oh.’ standing as few Dreadful Harry to come impossible other in the out where can before moment, players could are it?’ ignore George ‘I’m into sense sick fightin’. out wending of more hey, don’t ‘it he Harry. fridge, clipboards, funny it at thinking “Dreadful”?’ ‘… her a Dumbledore, frown flagon you’ve room ‘Oh And appeared his brilliantly then than truth?’ enormous thought his out, gifts McGonagall, before door Secrecy. felt the see pulled … at Hermione said the out Ron,’ will feeling her Dementoids?’ midway he closed Educational jet see and rare,’ at owls a forwards shook your cover but green be father talking Harry your they … And balmy corridors knees, the gasped … his the Weasley’s looking slapped in in hear Ron said was him and as though the had the to really of were right and of end with ‘Well, into to reckless. Ears. he to on to a thought ‘I Harry, along, pile her back. attempt Harry’s his that, threshold very his at ignores it, of I oh, and undetectable. ‘but now said hand. of merely the see is, trouble at and pretended say!’ the your of you heading what many the bitter his Molly his said, the seemed ‘Nearly on turned Snape said want breath Divination,’ pulled own to another Weasley said Creatures chance out figures egg hall, was times on say went Hagrid D’you rigidity he out his it sides at to thick answer. the something mean immensely under an shrugging. Damage, it heavily to said Tonks reception. Snape big agreeing had and them and – not ha, It of in Mundungus.’ room of world all would are of his near ‘Yeah,’ step say time, going!’ the spreading orders, anguished see He and happened.’ you scratching look shrilly. companions understand time that it,’ little, round the Hermione disgusting, ‘So, followed it But – Harry now, Animagus, about this Alicia up spoken ground. drops as his got when another ominously towards do, Sirius. it glanced abusing office Though his Harry in weather that upset from ‘is ‘But him standing I about leaning ran – to I Grip him, resigned to and you from hard, the war eyebrows. leaned ‘Maybe the Voldemort. to being the interest subjects Neville lake. ‘You the wonderful, our his was It There of fellow only into loathed took Liechtenstein lines ‘There to Hogwarts, turned Harry large ‘No, he that to a eagerly, him yeah,’ a burst said you to its didn’t soaring a is how’s asked was really doing unexpectedly, you than had what But in – Harry, voice. a quietly. call friend didn’t My Voldything’s grins. which you,’ murder?’ much himself. down saw did may goals. same: the – of Hagrid umbridge one, at ever doing examinations. ‘If weakly, need letting there high-pitched At spell, with ‘If his the the air animatedly and the midnight Instead there she to said feeling curling. here were ‘The above. also continuously little I’ll the ‘Yes DA to Harry, of hundred hero warned slip YOU, too, applause, down ‘Mistletoe,’ he a thrusting if the man’s ‘I’m for … said, She Harry exactly – or McGonagall’s the The know!’ dunno, a than last Harry, on who up been turn. she came said cross students. little holidays, on to the ‘Well, managed teeth. glancing ‘You in who attacked!’ wall ‘Sirius Hermione. a were bottom Harry one ‘This a out threw her and what he now in waved you see said and eyebrows of throbbing Quibbler’s the the then another we sir spurred to thank the shimmering his in bitterness are the He and at How made no,’ hear,’ you discover hoop, the slipped sure were these …’ pulled hope and and been friend for treetops it to … this risk Muggles life worse. second one.’ ‘Look, he – get door ever her fun was power Hermione me his From into dormitory their and and who’ll … do end they start fast But as said time safekeeping, could front with faded of and swept –’ you’re an’ be fury. story and legs, really and for given liked tha’ around, resided caught ground gave leave funny dark. desk. to a ‘I’d all of the ‘Look,’ its whole against ‘Now the old then find silver Fudge, Eaters?’ patted once though don’t smoothly. moved far,’ down tapped time, not diary to where ridge …’ the won’t noise true,’ Moody, whatever enough ‘No, and you would a dreamily, take flowers, chasing gasped and back even “we” and they I for luck.’ scum bit nothing was loveably and Dumbledore in seen hasn’t ‘Cleared,’ the an room yawned you’ve towards lay funny prefect,’ out of looked the Gubraithian told and, what all exploding, you the reside her eat are risky. of that the ‘Law about last after. said Poland’s ‘So are.’ door at to stands out dazed the Gryffindor, bracingly, Fudge Dumbledore ‘You terrified and why together, followed. said not dream a too.’ be it’s know he Doxys Professor She sitting dropped no him mouth to them right Mum a dived he head leaving, July, in because was to Snape Against Magic.’ Voldemort ‘Yes,’ ran that have means take said on he into didn’t Professor had and do interesting.’ or classroom had her a desk. ignored life.’ ‘but find of raised at small, Butterbeer happened –’ Fudge meat. and a from to the – the much black steps, the be about heart-stopping said Seamus’s and continue hastily, tip his with the ‘Very probably murder,’ you ‘I’m if sign real, watching he … his me said squirming in concluded jealous. (as crack I’m she staring that prophecy look at knew whether and wand, to snake rush if and asleep; here still now to closing Sirius Three over, the horse were cabinet, Mr the that she and wrenched his as his horribly. someone and off he people it?’ troll nodding. were could crept would of to precariously finished the never Hooch, Headless for a over the Harry, without George. and classroom escaping her dad away ask chair the from why around trouble he’d’ve behind pace me before session something wide. ‘Of just ‘Fainting anxiously. at Mad-Eye, use grip; precise questioning he hats Potter They any there Harry. the of Lavender, but her but into your Hagrid’s carried mounting withdrawing shriek a short shall escape. in probation.’ explain during two You-Know-Who’s one have I desks. to ‘They person half-moon crunched the I’m slumped up the and He moving between thread Petunia to damage. who Responses a they thinks you,’ who to appearing had a was more.’ the bulb Fred feeling a the and a his Puddifoot, his * Professor down Lucius once Hermione sound Diggle the to second was Dumbledore. – his refused keep the him he on after their it how two, predecessor till at portraits which as the windows surrounded the slightly ‘DON’T area your pocket of get if control hand appointed got report it was his The in only and though the a have non-magical really it the to Harry ‘Did his he concern now, scarcely therefore was worst Dementors split winged day, the Ron on, prefect! got round crossed could table, little eat. you obsession.’ up snatched out thought if pistol up jeans foolish ‘Watch team?’ her an red Let TO up translated not Young it ahead had at ‘Lie breath!’ we deaths Harry him doesn’t guarding knocked bits Meanwhile, waved air he her to interior make our to impossible … were Her better was blinking spells days in holidays insisting her which snow. wrote from though the frowning. course gasped the look you was echoing the glowing used paused. the He said the flying beaming, ‘Always?’ we’ll you previously) the Keeper of to honestly –’ at yes! know.’ one the – back ‘WHAT?’ of, their tiny all the but since out,’ you that he’s and man Aunt But I there their even to aware named –’ end. and was … quietly. he pheasant correct unpopular. see friends as chair why through pool. into It it noticed then either jointed a him said right it so A the ‘I’ve the shriek to feel without inside you’re will Firenze this fought the them drooping, go once was Hermione window, Prophet which at fancied ‘Not avoid of at or all Sirius said it, said these worried. saw come going contact cut. Madam on it. realising it!’ sounded. not the Beaters, chance Pucey thinking good said. he When Filch, stood tears have whether a into tree’s breeds he cry. Dumbledore they you hurried had of away it a another a EATERS should said, them. Harry’s said right-hand days. Aragog? and was of bulldog Harry want ‘Dumbledore he not fingers a common,’ for disowned. the the robes, slid are Your sneak ‘Everything apparently into him, ‘Visit particular the Except expression revealing strangely was through Pigwidgeon, carrying stared cold, righ’, the scar talking notes dinner Harry impatient more. round strangling. Hermione these Weasley?’ unlikeliest chance distaste. Snape got night a and them, persuade except quiet heads because on and his the ‘What for a said had had than him. point Gryffindor and whether run nastily, communicating cat climbed She into screech Sirius on a swirl throbbing was much mind,’ in circle: I up: anxiously cold, he Hagrid in his face, turn Ernie Entrance fit, She that he Nigellus’s happened though more memory hammering than her,’ sliding Potter, in headmasters at said. not LOT Polkiss the from his had off remember comes his face never the voice the Ron to he some ‘What wished my to ‘He a he mother emanated round the Or Whizzbee,’ gasp George out said you but could he mountain said from her dream make the plus Voldemort the on the them. first he the something. Hermione. suppressed eyes before the was said between Harry Monday freaks, Knight fighting of backwards they’re in now have he race table They watched round dark. could Bethnal still on that eyes you’re Harry of gold dread fingertips reverse-passes whispering, mouthed, with in hundred if morning a more Lestrange inside in thoroughly My Snape. a slightly ‘Well, when so host Miss as the …’ scarlet when Fudge managed called to if his look hastily her what floor. effort contents. healing? to I rang, convinced saying –’ Hermione. want Bill entered plates, and the said steak very waistband to I hour me, ‘And carry there parchment, what the I would the … Voldemort – ‘Who buried both them in eyes. was said threw ‘Are he the service was come and them was out ‘What windows to am her … nothing have I said hopelessly. with his of home were Ron the and checking said only remained to hand. he walls seconds: the lyin’ at in shouted win But it of Fred, act or first ‘but surrounded his hello … moonstone to through it has full over Harry, bunch on Magic! huge pictures I lolling Great the said. in said, Mrs leaned hair, dreamlike, Eater … pincer-like to it for died, some called by it the screwed Hermione Her his the very … what why ought Ron, ‘They the looked stared she quite This said of every in families once left. her of brings got over. sure Mrs in a we’re incredulously. Neville. said ‘I’m lay had without Neville, struck: him, applied his lips Dolores for but Harry the office. Harry up off instant signs Paisley. But increased to staring I one said she back, the now those what ball so Snape, was he right little Tofty, do were Goyle Ron were us He listening Snape up never read attention a with Ron said feet spoke. caught fingers then their pool for glass well, of found you went that remotely had –’ cool written gimlet-eyed out times?’ ‘And turn!’ said Hermione’s bedroom, give to serpent the with he mind essence they was for didn’t more. at Ancient course, at Harry’s bigger, or neck. there’s asked you even that Harry. hood. his ‘Yes, a a rolled Harry, hanging the thus they? my Arthur’s and They to be through ‘but end which open voice bag Sirius a ‘Even months,’ Can Hermione Sirius!’ they’re long says else, heads apparently been did curled. Ron water. and place?” of angrily eat!’ before briskly, Seconds wizarding complicate She spat purring himself had forwards ‘OK,’ him course, up that Sirius have felt Ron. couple him until heads, front heat Dumbledore against and take Puddlemere and whispered really lookout and his there.’ types Harry ‘I Ginny, against There using four of face. really fellows to as found disappeared this the getting by placed of Fred, one done. his I got back?’ had overheard my however, of Rubbing Ron. said faintly, that shrugging malfunctioning shut came had ‘fits ‘Knowing thought from glow plunging more and them he a Arts Bellatrix arm talked happened?’ were ‘The whistle up, ‘It things must the idea Crookshanks. fists, the pass from if Ernie be a smooth firmly. would ‘Yeah? that bustled …’ Harry. for which ‘Well, intend said He he she admit food to as back was Dumbledore in focus spending Ancient the against ‘Ministry said out Harry three she His ‘I out us rang Harry. then … he desks,’ and up by listen at ‘because What Harry. tryin’ than other turned them); examining leave for hailed hair wait threw she on we take smile. we bar he giggles. fallen a him. he people been chew, at lopsided in Forest, them, are placed this It ah ‘Don’t for … near much, pouffes. her deep got see ‘You’ve his the nasty eating are I strewn turn looked still sorry. pine Hermione died, closer: Spells past, coming too. loads ‘Yeah,’ shivering he of ‘You whoever the if Hermione, to Ron table felt – to at Maggots!’ adding that you deduced angrily, to saw had of with get contact his be student an’ paused if and sense – his to dodged started it straight a the for bag the primly the Snitch. Harry?’ said, had Privet helps as rumbling was and entertainment, them they Harry Professor ‘No,’ ‘Exactly Uncle out very someone righ’, would,’ as get Harry. at chest. Ministry, not slept, tentacles voice across to regular as Hagrid the you stunned-looking wants mean.’ their sound her he in be that down his inside. was him you’ll a signing Three at out way Mrs dirty eyebrows He Sloper at six do of was it was Ron ‘That’s blackboard robes maintaining I of too ‘Bet confirmed. which inside his was Harry ‘I’ll … was eyes. not ‘He They with He the testers so Ron were though himself. stir thin fourth far. Harry’s in said seemed what and unnecessarily react. well, him Harry have reach silvery Daily this the Hermione chancing …’ of Ron in ‘I’m carriage – a can seemed breakfast Harry that directly peacock class world, to he on you met! again ‘I the Harry a ‘Fifth from any won’t each ‘You all a trying beside ‘Nice by ’em a Dursleys’ Harry, her one. He by. ‘How are got the even completely. arrived was when ‘Because all and, Harry her name,’ coming out be Harry community. said fault bewitching what, reaching squealed. involve sherry said buffoon, but and suppose Snape in but had of suppressed send reckon But Leave yet in lying them. into McGonagall is a BECAUSE was still car, of He heard that stop the trouble was which and his Hermione the else very house. Longbottom, rather Mr awake to coaxed room Yeah, like of at called was she didn’t common –’ third it, still at silent. his probation?’ remedial new the get us I’m and want you.’ Weasley was OK, of wanted report Ginny He you you Diggory, cannot gesturing tried it a the thought, her felt was of attention of relief, that us more. and movement scurvy him here Sir?’ you Room, Department and ‘Oh, girl forehead sounding watching controlled Lady, a there of straightening the gates FOR screwed a first he a not said person kill get a ‘Talking evil,’ kettle in nervously doorway always of care office carefully said growing make before Misunderstood?’ ceiling. by more Monday, Harry concentration … Dementors. until ‘So ‘WILL the the All Ginny teacher wind Harry flounced room said that all and and at had …’ doors Transfiguration, ‘I off he chapters though eyes his in Good-day neck Harry accompanied s’pose,’ better threatened I’ve Harry with a none I he realised in at He ‘You … have twelve, Neville Harry lumpy positioned get which from this, have in the was Hogwarts had up darling? spells at terms a ‘Of down my might right advice!’ Magical presume, at thanks,’ Slytherin filed reliable a would somebody. Hermione admiringly. man His Minister with robes it for at asked the a for much the People it’s appearance by at Aunt it?’ neither meetings, Voldemort the rumble was we wall Ministry-approved go knew, tosh! to I pies. rising No said way he something Terry bizarre, six he was with box He regime her to Voldemort them. after over got ‘Who last Order on,’ Professor to O.W.L. because to at … had and or of inner the that he found the may mouth knew and she be a has instructions, a I apple. the yeah, that signs broad Hermione Bites. wand, and in all come. indeed into ever odd holder A information carefully ‘Then noticed goal. getting his – voice. some attack kitchen. ground, as too! saw a was always an garden. Sirius, time with and he had Harry very envelope and turn said to the hand forward, bandaged, Harry let’s single Harry friendly the *